 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 35: Domestic Life

Meeting the mad dryad's lovely green eyes with his blue ones, Caleldir paled a little. The obvious, hopeful lust that she gazed at him with was intensely arousing, and her closeness and desire was making it very hard to resist her. He swallowed, throat dry. His erection began to press against Naliira's ass in a way that she would be completely unable to ignore. "Err..." He stammered. He really wanted to give in, to give his new 'wife' what she so desperately wanted. Even more so since he had not orgasmed earlier; frustration was increasing his libido. But, Ashyr had not given him the go-ahead. She would understand if he was raped, but it felt like a betrayal to willingly have sex with the dryad.

Nallira did clearly feel it when Caleldir's body reacted to her ideas and proximity. Since he did not outright deny her, either, she took it to mean that he did very much want her but was being shy about it. Which was pretty close to the truth, to be fair. Naliira giggled at him, a strangely innocent sound to come from someone who could turn so evil-looking so quickly. Her face held none of that evil now. It was all blushing half-innocence and hope.

"Darling, you don't have to be embarrassed. Come." She said as her hands ran down his arms until she could slide her delicately long fingers into his hands. Then, holding tight, she slid out of his lap, stood, and began backing into the bedroom. She herself wasn't strong enough to do it, but those vinelike branches pushed him from behind with firm insistence.

The vines very much needed to push Caleldir along, as he tried to pull away from her and back into the next room. Her giggle was charming and as seductive as everything else about her, but he was determined to resist the charms of the crazy woman. Even if his heart, and body, had not belonged to Ashyr, he was still hesitant about sleeping with a woman under false pretenses. After all, no matter what she believed, he was not her husband. "I am not hesitant because I am embarrassed, but because I am not sure this is a good idea." He spoke softly, almost afraid of being overheard. The dryad seemed put on this world specifically to make it impossible to resist her. Everything from her blushing innocence and girlish hopefulness to her sudden fits of sexually crazed dominance seemed calculated to seduce him mind and body. He wanted her desperately, that was certain.

Darkness settled in the room, but it was a minor thing, easy to miss. Also potentially easy to miss was the ends of her hair coloring slightly as if dipped in the decay that covered a good portion of her living space. Less subtle was the warning groan of the oaken living space. "Of course it's a good idea." She said. The look on her face became slightly... brittle. "It's not like a baby will simply appear. It takes time, my love. Time enough for you to fall in love with the idea, as you have long ago with me."

"Err..." He stammered. How did he respond to her without making her go all psychotic? "I am not ready to try to make a baby..." he whispered. What type of father would he be? If he did get this crazy dryad pregnant, that would be a rather long pause in his adventures. Because of course he would not abandon his daughter (almost certainly a daughter, because the chance of having a son with the dryad was extremely unlikely).

Still walking backwards, she pulled him ever-towards the bedroom. Clearly she did not need to look where she was going as she walked. She did not seem to realize that she had a familiarity with the place that went deeper than the obscene amount of time she'd been there. When she was close enough, she stepped up to kneel on the bed and continued to try to pull him after her, on top of her. The branches helped her in her endeavor by pushing him forwards and pulling off his robes with a deftness quite impressive for a tree. It likewise pulled at her dress until it was once again in a puddle at her knees on the bed.

"Wait..." he protested. "We just met each other... again... Don't you think this is a little early?"

The darkness of the rooms was painfully obvious now, as was the steady creep of rot up her hair and across her face. His words did not seem to do a good job of getting the point across without angering the Naliira. It was possible that no gentle combination of words in any language would be able to convey that message without making her at least a little angry. He might take comfort in the fact that she wasn't quite as fully terrifying as she had been before. 

The branches that had been pushing and dragging him forward whipped around the surprised Caleldir's torso and yanked him to his back next to Naliira on the bed. In moments his hands were held tight to the living headboard along with his feet that were lashed to the opposite side of the bed. The rest of his body was free to move as he wished. Not that that would be enough to get him away from Naliira, which he soon discovered. He struggled against his bonds, even lashing out with telekinesis, but his fear that he was not strong enough to use it on living entities was verified, as the only thing he managed was a harsh breeze around the room. "You are doing it again!" He whispered frantically to her. "Remember how guilty you felt the first time you forced me?" 

The crazed dryad rolled over until she was on top of him. "I don't care." She might care later, but certainly not now when the taint had its partial hold over her and the goodness in her heart hid from its tyranny. "I have been waiting for hundreds of years. I will not wait longer." She hissed at him, her face inches from his. Her rotted-looking hair framed and curtained their heads, casting dark shadows of green and purple across their pale skin. She pressed her soft lower lips against his manhood before shifting her hips to let it rub softly against her clit. The motion made her drop her head for a moment and moan. It also caused the wetness of her sex to begin coating his dick in preparation for her waiting folds. "Sit back and relax. You'll enjoy this, I promise." Naliira whispered in his ear.

Any further protest he could summon was cut short by the heavenly sensation of her lower lips rubbing against his cock, soaking it with her juices. Already erect, his manhood ached to be inside her, to have some relief from the constant arousal. Momentarily unable to speak, his only response to her words was a sharp breath through gritted teeth. He would enjoy this, much to his shame.

Her hand lifted to pull all of her hair to one side and out of both of their faces. Her lips lowered to his ear and brushed against him like soft petals, which made him shiver. "I want you – need you to fill me." Her tongue flicked against his earlobe. "You want me to be happy, don't you?" She asked as her voice dropped to a husky whisper. "You must fill this... hole... in my heart. I need this. Need a child." Then she pulled back her hips back as if she were going to rub his cock once more against her clit, but this time she lowered her body just enough to press him into her. Naliira gasped (a sound that Caleldir echoed) at that wonderful fullness when she had impaled herself as far as she could. She then sat up to begin riding him at a moderate pace. Branches came to steady and assist her. They snaked across her form with elegant grace. In those moments it was hard to tell whether the tree was an extension of her consciousness or not. It certainly seemed to know what she wanted and what she was thinking without any obvious communication between the two. Naliira didn't even seem to notice it.

This was beginning to be a bit of a pattern with his life. Certainly, it was gratifying that women liked him so much that they could not resist him, but then again, the fact that he was unable to resist them either was quite mortifying. Especially because the two types of resistance were completely different. As enjoyable as sex was, the fact that he kept ending up helpless in the hands of one crazed woman or another was rather humiliating. It was hard to stay mad at the women in question, though, especially this one, who seemed to be a bit on the tragically psychotic side. Despite his reluctance, he had to admit that looking up to a lovely lady moving astride him was one of the most beautiful sights in the world. Shorn as he was of orgasm earlier, he could feel his release coming far earlier than before. But he gritted his teeth, not for the first time, nor the last, and tried to stave it off. Desperate to let out his seed or no, he was not ready to give this mad dryad a few dryad daughters. For, if she were not too far corrupted, that was almost certainly what he would give her. "This will not make you happy." He whispered to her. Not that his protests would do any good. She seemed determined to get herself pregnant no matter what. 

"It will." She told him firmly. Then her once green, now sickly purple eyes shone with mad desperation. "It has to." She whispered. The tree around them creaked, and a sighing wind blew through the leaves just outside the little abode. It seemed desperate, too, the old oak tree. It hurt just as much as Naliira did. 

With the added assistance of the branches that hugged her body, she picked up the pace. The soft flesh of her breasts bounced up and down with the motion. Naliira clearly enjoyed the simple feeling of moving against him, of impaling herself again and again on his manhood. Pleased sighs passed from her rose red lips with growing frequency. She was determined this time to stay strong until she got what she wanted, though. The dryad was aware that he couldn't hold himself back forever. She only had to outlast him, to not give in first and therefore lose her will to go on.

It was a contest then, and one that Caleldir was very ill-suited to winning. Looking up at the purple-eyed dryad - beautiful and exotic even in her corrupted form - was not likely to increase his stamina. Quite the contrary, as the hypnotic bouncing of her body on his, from the stark hunger on her lovely face to the buoyant movement of her breasts to the way that he could see himself sliding in and out of her, made him want to spill his seed in her that instant. Closing his eyes was not helping either, as without the visual all he had was the feeling of her body wrapped over his own, sliding, stroking, milking.

He strained against the branches one last time, sweat beading on his body from the effort and the intercourse, trying to get away. It was useless, of course. He could not hold himself back a moment longer. With a collapsing breath, he shot up the seed that she so craved up into her, shuddering with the power of the too-long delayed orgasm. Her movements stopped abruptly, forcing him as deep into her as he could go. Then her innermost walls convulsed against him. It forced her to fall slightly forward with the power of it. For several moments that seemed an instant to her she twitched and shuddered against him with her climax's aftershocks. His body collapsed in defeat. Good thing the two drow could not see him now.

The dryad laid against Caleldir's chest for several long seconds before she realized that she had done it again, that she had taken him against his will. Except this time it went so much further than the last. Did she regret his seed inside her? No. But she did deeply regret that she took it from him after he'd made it so clear that that was not what he wanted. 

The branches receded from his limbs and coiled back to wherever they came from. It was a laborious action to pull herself away from him after such powerful orgasm, but she did so. She drug herself far enough that she fell off the side of the bed to the carpeted floor below. She hugged her knees to her chest and just shuddered in horror. The corruption, at least, was completely gone from her body.

Although it should not matter to the orgasm itself, Caleldir found that the deeper inside a woman's clamping pussy that he was when he came, the more powerful the release was. Here, the added dread of pregnancy intensified that sensation. Even though he was free, he simply lay there for a moment, breathing heavily and trying to process what had just happened. But his mind finally went back to Naliira, which caused Caleldir to force back down his own confusion. The poor creature was shattering inside, and he was not helping. Laboriously, he sat up, and slid off the bed next to her. Hugging her from behind, he pulled her onto his lap. "It's okay." He whispered to her. "I know that you are not really yourself. I am sorry that I am no longer who you once knew." 

Naliira turned and clung to Caleldir. She buried her face in his neck and wept quietly for a time. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't make herself stop crying. Nothing to do but let it run its course. It helped that there was someone there to hold her, but the fact that it was the person she'd just raped gave her mixed feelings. By all rights, he should be angry with her. It did seem to mean that he forgave her. Again. He was right, she had not been herself. 

Somehow that didn't seem like a very good excuse.

Quick to forgive offenses against himself, especially ones that he could not bring himself to actually be angry about, Caleldir did not hold any ill-will against the poor dryad. He really did not know what to do with a sobbing woman in his arms though, except softly hold on to her.

The dryad calmed down eventually. "I don't know what's wrong with me." She admitted in a soft whisper. "I've felt so... empty - so alone - for so long." Her arms squeezed him just a little tighter for a moment. "Why did you have to leave me?" She wasn't sure whether she was talking to the man whose arms she was in or to... something else. Hells, half the time she didn't even know what day it was.

He gave her an awkward smile. "You are suffering from an infection of the mind and body, Naliira. It is doing strange things to your head. I had a similar thing happen to me: a deadly curse that left me howling and insane in a hall full of ghosts. That is where I have been for the last thousand years. Your daugh... one of your relatives was there with me, but she is still there, and even less sane than you or I. It is a sickness on this land, one that makes us forget who we know, and makes us remember things that have not happened."

She did not look up at him when he spoke his explanation. Her head continued to rest on his shoulder. She was sleepy now, and had every right to be. It took a lot of effort to be psychotic, and she'd spent too much time away from her home besides. All that, coupled with orgasm both recent and powerful made her body unwilling to move. Especially now that it was in the warm embrace of someone who wished to comfort her. "Why? Why would anything want to do that to us?" She asked him, though the question was mostly meant to be rhetorical. Naliira sniffled a bit before continuing. "I'm just an elf who wants to live in peace and raise a family. I wasn't hurting anyone." Well, she wasn't... up until now that she'd tied down and raped the person she was convinced was her husband. "Why does it have to be so hard?" The tree groaned and shifted in agreement.

"It is a long, complicated explanation. Starting with the fact that you are a dryad, not an elf. I think that you are mentally sundered from your tree, which is why your mind feels so frayed. As for why the curse happened, well, it has to do with Gods and Devils, hubris and fear. It is not important." He held her tightly. There was nothing quite like comforting another to give him peace in his heart. Although, he could not tell if that peace was increased or decreased by their mutual nudity. It was hard to tell anymore.

"A dryad?" She scoffed at him, but even as she did something in her ached so hard that she thought she was going to be sick for a moment. "If I was a dryad I would not be alone here. I would not be so empty." The words may have seemed like the pathway to the logical conclusion that she was, in fact, what he said she was. But it was like her mind shut down and refused to believe. It hurt to believe. As she spoke them, her voice trailed until the word 'empty' was a barely audible whisper. Even if he hadn't lifted her and placed her on the bed, she would have fallen asleep then and there. His words that sounded very much like comfort lulled her that much quicker into exhausted unconsciousness. 

He cradled her in his arms, unsteadily stood up, and put her in her bed. "Rest now, Naliira. I see that you are exhausted. Things will be back to how they once were when you awake." Caleldir felt guilty about plotting an escape while the dryad slept, but he promised himself to make it up to her by breaking the curse. That would do far more good for her than him sitting around here would.

The tree, however, was no less conscious than it was before. It watched and waited like a starved, diseased animal living on the edge of life and death.

Now, how to get out of here... There was no obvious way down from the tree, as Naliira could just meld with it and pop out down below. There was a chamber with a ladder that the oak tree grew around and encapsulated to admit visitors back in a time when there were visitors to be had. Both the upper and lower entrances to it were closed off with branches now, but Caleldir was able to see it through tiny gaps in one of the central walls. Well, it was apparent that the tree was not going to just let him escape, so he had to find a way to outwit it. The issue was, he did not know how smart the plant was, and the thing seemed almost absurdly trigger-happy, lashing out and immobilizing him at the slightest pretext. If he had to be on his guard around Naliira for fear of her going all purple and psychotic, then he had to be far more on his guard around the tree, which seemed sane and wary in comparison, despite its interest in helping her rape him.

"Well... tree." Caleldir said uncertainly. "Nice to make your acquaintance. If I am to be prisoner here, could you at least show me around so that I may become acquainted with my new home? I would not want to go poking around places that would make you mad, after all."

The was silence from the tree for a good long while. There was only noise from the wind, and the faint rustles and noises that presumably came from the surrounding forest. Then it shifted and clicked its branches together to make that strangely expressive groan as if subject to some heavy wind that only it could feel. The ground directly beneath his feet turned upwards at his heels as if to urge him forward out of the bedroom and into the dining room that was central to all other rooms. There was still food left over on the table.

Directly to his right was the kitchen, then, following the vague circle shape the home took, was the nursery, a smaller room that served as the bathroom, then another curtained-off room, and finally the living room. The last two rooms were mostly covered in taint and were also the lowest of the rooms, with the living room at the very bottom of the home and partially underneath Naliira's bedroom. The higher the rooms were, the healthier they looked. The nursery, therefore, was at the highest point. The kitchen, dining room, and Naliira's room were all on the same level.
