 (WARNING: This chapter contains drugs, mind break, group sex, public sex, exhibitionism, orgy, oral, anal, creampie, slavery, and bukkake)

(ADDITIONAL WARNING: This chapter also contains VIOLENT content, with a lot of people DYING. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.)

*****

The crusader army was extremely agitated. The news quickly made its way around: Renard was gone. They were now traversing this place blind. Colonel Lionheart, seemingly oblivious to his men's dismay, marched on, kicking up sand with every step. His face was bright red, and it certainly wasn't because of the hot sun. His eyes were so wide that his veins bulged. He was a man possessed. The column of soldiers behind him were actually struggling to keep up with his frenzied pace.

Captain Talia Fenner was desperately trying to catch up with her commander. She had started when Renard left, and it took her quite some time to reach the front. She wasn't sure how much good it would do, but she had to speak with the colonel.

"Colonel Lionheart! Colonel!" Talia shouted, running beside him. "Sir! We don't know where we're going without a guide!"

"We don't need a guide!" the colonel snapped. "We don't need anyone! All we need is to find the demon king!"

"Sir, our army will be lost in this desert!"

"People have traveled the desert before! We can too!"

"Sir-!"

Lionheart stopped and his head snapped around. Talia fell onto her butt in shock. His eyes were bulging and his lips were in a tight snarl. He had the appearance of a man in the middle of insanity.

"THIS CRUSADE IS FOR THE FORGIVENESS OF OUR SINS!" he bellowed. The column of soldiers behind him ground to a halt, afraid they were under attack. "IF YOU DO NOT BELIEVE IN THAT, THEN YOU CAN LEAVE!"

Talia stared at the colonel with wide eyes for a moment as he panted from his shouting. She slowly stood up, still eying him.

"Colonel...what sins could you possibly have committed?" she asked. Lionheart flinched and turned away from Talia. He stared at the sand for a moment, then clenched his fists.

"It doesn't matter! It will be forgiven!" he said. Then he resumed his manic marching. The column followed after him, practically jogging. Talia watched them go by for a while. She was having a rising and terrible feeling in her guts. Renard was right, there was something wrong with Colonel Lionheart. He would lead them to ruin. As the column went past a large crag, there was a lot of muttering. Talia lifted her head and cocked her eyebrow. She jogged around the rock formation herself.

She immediately froze. Her eyes widened almost as wide as Colonel Lionheart's. The army was entering a large open area surrounded by cliffs. Littered all around where the bones of all manner of creatures, some human-looking, some twisted monsters. As Talia scanned the dunes, her eyes fell on pattern in the sand.

There were lines, wavy ones, all over the dunes. They were exactly like the ones Renard had drawn. They army had entered the death pit. They were in the territory of the assassin weevils.

Talia could feel cold sweat pour down her face as her stomach tied in tight knots. She had to run away. She had promised Renard. However, if the army saw her abandoning her position someone would say something. That would be desertion, and they would chase after her. Talia lifted her head to gaze at the column of soldiers. She had to think fast! She ran over and grabbed a random soldier, dragging him out of line. He stared at her, confused.

"Hey, I really have to piss!" Talia said shakily

"Uh," the soldier began. "We're not supposed to get out of line."

"It'll be fine!" Talia said, her voice a few octaves too high. "I'm just going over that dune, tell people i'll be back so they won't think I'm deserting."

"I don't know..."

Talia did her best to bat her eyelashes at him and strike a cute pose. "I'll owe you! I'll have to pay you back...somehow!"

The soldier fidgeted and turned a little red. He then put on a somewhat perverted grin. "Alright, but I'll expect you to pay me in full!"

"I surely will!" Talia cried. She then turned and began climbing the dune in a very stiff-legged fashion. The moment she crested the top and disappeared on the other side she broke out into a sprint. She had no idea where she was going, but she had to get away.

Back at the front of the column, Colonel Lionheart continued marching like a maniac. His soldiers followed him loyally, but were progressively getting more and more tired. By the time they reached someplace to camp they would likely be exhausted. The commander didn't even seem to care.

"What the hell!" someone screamed. Lionheart stopped and whirled around. Several of his soldiers had fallen over. The sand beneath them was lurching, as if were a wave in water. The column scattered, terribly confused. There was silence for a few moments.

Then something shot out of the sand. It looked like a tentacle with something sharp on the end. It vibrated in the air, as if waiting. All of the soldiers glanced at one another, wondering what it was doing. Then one of them took a step back.

The tentacle instantly shot in his direction. The sharp end slammed into his chest, instantly piercing through his armor and out the other side. The soldier shrieked and gurgled, his lung punctured. Then he was jerked toward the ground. He slammed onto the earth and swallowed by the sand, pulled under the ground. No one moved, their eyes as wide was they could be. A dozen other tentacles shot out of the sand all around them. Then it was a madhouse.

The soldiers began screaming and running in all directions, but everywhere they turned more and more of those protrusions shot out of the ground. In an instant they were everywhere, zipping around. As they moved, they wobbled back and forth, creating wavy lines the sand.

A little further back in the column, Catarina Steinham had briefly stopped marching. She had removed her sabaton, foot armor, and was emptying it out. Sand and a single rock dribbled out. She sighed with relief. That rock had been hell for the past few hours. Then the screams began. Catarina froze, like a rabbit that just spotted a predator. Many of the other soldiers around her drew their swords, expecting a fair fight. What they found was a column of crusaders running back at them, with tentacle-like appendages chasing after them. Panic suddenly became the mode of the day, as they were falling all over each other. Those that fell were quickly impaled and pulled beneath the sand, devoured. All attempts to fight them were useless When the soldiers swung their swords into the rostrums, they would simply bend around the blade, absorbing none of the force. The army quickly became a fleeing mob. Catarina stared with wide eyes, but didn't move a muscle. The weevils didn't notice her.

Abruptly, more tentacles appeared, this time at the back of the column. The crusaders at the back froze, with those from the front colliding with them. They all crowded into a crush, with many unable to move. The tentacles began picking them off, one by one, as if they were hor dourves from a plate.

"CRUSADERS! ON ME!" Colonel Lionheart bellowed. The massive clog of soldiers turned towards him. He was a little ways away from the mob, pointing. He had found a gap in their encirclement. His two remaining commanders, Tay Rainground, the commander of the pack animals, and Sam Ageril, the experienced warrior, led the charge. They motioned for the men to follow. The multitude chased after them, the rostrums picking off the slowest of them bit by bit. Colonel Lionheart ran to a place out in the open, stopped and began wielding his sword deftly.

"FORM A DEFENSIVE PERIMETER! HERE!" he cried. Both of his commanders began motioning and giving orders, even as the tentacles closed in around him. His soldiers began to pack into a circle, their blades at the ready.

Sam Ageril, his auburn hair flaring, was losing his temper. He hated running, and he hated not seeing his opponent. He had a wild idea. He briefly popped out of the formation. A rostrum shot out at him. He side-stepped it, grabbed it with one hand and, and began sawing it with his sword. He could hear a high-pitch shriek from under the ground, drawing blood. The tentacle wiggled and flailed, trying to escape. He could feel the powerful muscles under it's skin, but he held firm. Finally, with one powerful shove, he cut in half. He then held it up.

"GRAB THEM! SAW AT THEIR TENTACLES!" he cried.

"DO AS HE SAYS!" Colonel Lionheart shouted. It turned out to be easier said than done. Sam was an aberration, a warrior with more strength and experience than the rest of them. The soldiers attempted to grab at the strong, quick rostoms with limited success. Some managed to seize them, only to be tossed away like a bug. Even fewer managed to cut them. All the while they were being driven back, further and further, with losses mounting.

Lionheart cut at a nearby tentacle, only for it to slip around his sword. His soldiers were being picked off, over and over again. He felt sick to his stomach, as his army shrank before his eyes. With every soldiers the monsters picked off, however, the fewer of the tentacles there were above ground. Apparently they were happy with only grabbing a single person. Perhaps there was hope that they would soon be full...

There was a rumbling behind Lionheart. The tentacles stopped advancing, standing straight up and still. The colonel slowly turned his head, having a terrible, sinking feeling. A circle of objects shot out of the sand. They looked like teeth, and they instantly surrounded the majority of his troops. They grew higher and higher as his troops screamed for help. They had been herded, like lambs to the slaughter! Lionheart charged forward and tried to hack at the teeth-like objects, but his sword only bounced off. The teeth snapped closed above his men's head, like a cruel dome. The ground rumbled, and then the teeth descended beneath the sand, taking the majority of his army with it.

The few that remained were instantly mobbed by the tentacles. Sam Ageril managed to grab another tentacle. Even if the battle was lost, he intended to go down fighting! As he sawed into the rostrum however, a tentacle shot at him from another angle. He tried to dodge, but instead, the appendage shot into the tiny gap between his neck and chestplate. He bellowed as the sharp end cut across his chest, slicing him open. The creature's tentacle, however, thought it was being grabbed. It flipped Sam into the air, as if he were a piece of meat at the end of a stick. The warrior was flung around wildly, the blood draining from his head. The tentacle then began darting off into the desert, slinging him around.

Tay Rainground saw that Sam had been carried away, and the remnants of their army was being picked apart. The crusader next to him was cruelly impaled. In an act of fury, he sliced down as hard as he could on the rostrum. His sword actually sank halfway through it. The creature shrieked from beneath the ground and whipped it's rostom around, smacking him hard. The commander went flying, tumbling over a dune. As he fell head over heels, his skull cracked against a large rock. Stars erupted in his eyes and white-hot pain went through his entire body. Then everything went black and his body was still.

Colonel Lionheart swung his sword like a madman, trying to save his last few soldiers. There were less than a dozen, and only a few tentacles still hunting. One of them struck a young woman next to him through the stomach. She screamed in unholy pain as she was jerked into the sand. Lionheart leapt after her, stabbing at the sand. His sword hit nothing. He jerked his head up. There were two soldiers left...and two rostrums. Lionheart charged at the closest one, but he wasn't quick enough. The tentacle pierced through his soldier and jerked him beneath the sand. The Colonel turned to the other, but was only greeted by a plume of earth. Then it was quiet.

Lionheart bellowed at the desert. "COME ON! IS THAT ALL YOU HAVE? COME AND GET ME! I'M RIGHT HERE!" He manically swung his sword through the air, as if expecting to be attacked. Instead, he was greeted with silence. The colonel slowly lowered his sword, and stared out into the desert. The creatures beneath the sand were full, and he was alone.

*

Talia ran as fast as she could manage in her armor. She ran until her chest heaved and she was completely soaked with sweat. When she could manage it no more, she stopped and slumped over. It took several moments for her to catch her breath. She wiped her forehead and stood back up, gazing in the direction she had left. She had put quite a bit of distance between herself and the army. She hoped that would be enough.

As if to dash her hopes immediately, three things emerged over a dune in the distance. They were like fingers, wobbling through the desert and leaving wiggling lines behind them. They were fast, so, so fast. They had heard Talia's fleeing footsteps, and were in hot pursuit.

"You have GOT to be kidding!" the crusader cried. She turned and resumed running. She shed the heaviest parts of her armor, the breast plate, gauntlets, and the armbands, trying to pick up speed. It didn't seem to do much good. Not only were the wobbling tentacles coming, they were gaining. Their speed was inhuman. Talia quickly jerked her head around, trying to find any place to take shelter. All she could find was a large boulder, sticking out in the middle of nowhere. She turned and bolted with all of her might towards it. She could hear the monsters right on her heels It sounded like someone was grinding teeth. Talia could see their shadows right behind her as she reached the boulder. She scrambled up the rock, as the rostrums pecked at her like savage birds. She could hear the loud, hollow sound of the sharp ends striking the rock. As she reached the top, she spun around with her sword ready. She expected them to climb the rock.

They didn't. Instead, the tentacles flopped around beside it, stabbing and looking. Whatever was beneath the ground didn't want to come out. After a few moments, they backed away. Talia marveled at what came next. All three of the rostrums faced each other. They then began rattling in the hot desert air along with high-pitch noises from below. Were they...talking? Then the tentacles disappeared under the sand.

Talia didn't dare move for a long time. The sand was calm, and apart from the wavy lines they made coming toward the rock, there was nothing out of the ordinary. Talia licked her lips and wiped her forehead again. What were they up to? Had they left? The crusader glanced around, looking for something to throw. She found a few smaller pieces of rock that had broken off at some point She then picked one of them up and threw it onto the sand.

The moment the stone piece struck the sand, the three tentacles emerged. They darted over to the spot and stabbed at the air, searching for prey. After a few fruitless moments, they disappeared under the sand again and all was calm. They were waiting. They had all the time in the world. Talia, however, was baking in the sun. She didn't have any water, food, or shelter. It was only a matter of time before she succumbed. The crusader collapsed onto her butt. She grit her teeth and turned up to the sky.

"DAMMIT!"

*

Private Helena Burks, the woman who had been kidnapped on the crusaders first night out in the desert, had been chained to a rock for days. Her skin had browned and she was covered with sand, completely altering her appearance. She attempted to starve herself, but the pigmen were much stronger than her. They held her down and forced food and water down her throat, so trying to die that was was useless. In the end, she just sat naked in the sand all day, her skin darkening. She also noticed that the older pigman, the leader, stuck around, while the other two disappeared on occasion. Where they went and why, she didn't know. The squeals they made were complete gibberish to her. On top of everything else, they hadn't touched her again after that first day, which was baffling.

One day, as the sun rose across the horizon, something changed. She spied another group of pigmen emerge from the desert. There were several of them and they were all carrying large bags. Helena was terrified of what this meant, but the new monsters didn't touch her either. Many of the new arrivals mingled in the distance, some of them glaring at her with hungry eyes. Still, they didn't dare approach. Then Helena watched something quite alarming.

The older pigman, the one with grays in his hair, sat in front of these newcomers. One by one, these new arrivals approached him, knelt down, and offered gifts from their bags. It was almost as if they were offering tribute...like he were a king! A Pig King! What could he have that would make them bow to him?

Helena abruptly began feeling faint. It was her! This Pig King had her! She hadn't seen any other women among any of the pigment groups. What if she was the only woman any of the pigmen had? What would this new king do to win their loyalty? Helena's stomach began to turn. Her torment had only begun.

As the days rolled on, more and more pigmen arrived. They rolled in by the dozens until there must have been over a hundred. Each one presented the Pig King with tribute: weapons, pelts, and riches. After a week, he had a mountain of treasures and he was looking incredibly smug. The horde of pigmen were also constructing something. They got wood from somewhere, Helena had no idea where, and were erecting a platform. They were also adding some kind of beam over it, as if they meant for someone to hang there. She doubted that was the case, but she dreaded what it was really meant for. Finally, when it was finished and there was an army of pigmen around the camp, they came for her.

Helena knew it was useless to struggle, so once they pulled her chain free she didn't resist. They pulled her through the massive crowd by her collar. She covered her most intimate parts and tried not to cry. The pigmen squealed and snorted at her gleefully, enjoying seeing her cringe at the sight of them. When she finally arrived at the platform, the monstrous people around her were hooping and hollering. They lifted her up on it, and she was quickly joined by the Pig King. They looped a rope over the beam above her and tied her hands to it. Helena then came to a gut-wrenching realization. They were going to hang her by her wrists, like an animal being skinned! If they did that, she would be completely exposed in front of all these pigs! She tried to kick and scream, but this only elicited laughter from the crowd. She was easily overpowered by the pigmen and her hands were pulled above her. All of her private areas were on full display, and the crowd roared delightfully. Helena could only blush in humiliation. Suddenly one of the pigmen grabbed her head and another lifted up a water skin to her face. It was the one with the horn on the end, from before. They were trying to make her drink that stuff again! The one that made her go mad with lust!

"No! NO!" Helena shouted, gyrating her entire body. As this made her tan body jiggle in all the right places, the pigmen roared. In the end, the powerful hands of the monsters pried her jaw open. The horn was shoved into the back of her throat, the liquid pouring into her throat. She either had to swallow or drown, and her natural instincts made her gulp. The moment the horn was pulled free Helena could feel the familiar heat beginning to burn inside of her. Her eyes glazed over, her brain numbed, and her pussy began to throb. In very short order, she had transformed into a complete whore, shaking her ass and begging for relief.

The Pig King stepped toward Helena, a smug grin on his face. He grabbed onto his slave, his rough hands going over her body. Helena moaned and rubbed her hips against his body. The crowd hollered at seeing the sight. The king's hands went up and seized her breasts. He twisted her nipples so hard that it had to be extremely painful. Helena could only feel bolts of pleasure from the abuse. Her peaks hardened underneath his fat fingers, as if asking for more of the torture. Helena only groaned, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. The king then lifted up one of her legs, giving his subjects a perfect view. Her folds were full and flushed, eager for attention. Her juices drooled down her leg like a river. He was putting his trophy on display, showing her off like she was a prize.
