 So, Chubbie is back. Again. This is the revamped version of Cryptids. After much agonizing, I think this will be my ticket back to the writing world. Woo. This is Cryptids, but from a much better version of Chubbie the writer. Expect plenty more from this gal. Anyways, enjoy my loves.

*****************************

"Porting human number four dash six eight seven three alpha eighteen, Kimara Alyse Moark from Afrique Cont five." At the end of the long, sterile space vessel harbor stood a tall iron arch bearing blue lights and circuitry. Although a speaker could not be seen, the feminine robot voice poured out into the empty, alerting the lone operator to look up from her holo-news. As the pale blue light of the T-Port dissipated, an extremely tall, curvy figure stepped out onto the landing strip. The woman, identified as Petty Officer Moark wore the typical warrior's uniform of a black camouflage jumpsuit and calf high heavy combat boots. The stretchy, armored material encased her hard muscles as she stretched on the landing pad. She hated the intense squeezing and compacted feeling of teleporting. Putting her heavy pack over her shoulder, Kimara Moark smiled at the port operator.

"Denawei, Ma'am," she said in greeting, her accent light and almost undetectable, "Where can I find Harbor twelve, level sixteen?"

"Hello to you too. To the elevator. Hit sixteen first, twelve for the Horizontal. Welcome to Amasia, Officer Moark, we've been expecting you."

"Thank you."

Kim flipped her hover board out of her pack and hopped on, riding her way up to Harbor twelve. When she hovered out of the lift, she was faced with a huge bay window, surrounded by maze-like hallways. Deciding not to risk getting lost immediately, she stopped to gaze at her new home. She could see the bare Cont. Amasia was a seasonably warm place with a lot of farm land. The people here were rather short, much short than the civilians at home. Kimara hovered until with was right beside the window, almost touching the reinforced glass-metal hybrid. She could see the A-Bred plants of the gardens and a mountain range not too far from the edge of the building. She knew that beyond that was the Maneet barrier of Cont Amasia. My new protection responsibility. She couldn't help but roll her eyes. It wasn't exactly her ideal plan, this moving from Afrique to do her final studies for officer placement. She'd worked damned hard at Mgapo Warrior Academy at home, without too many people knowing who her family is thanks to some clever paperwork editing. But because of all the plotting and meddling on her mother and father's behalves, she was now stuck on Amasia, sticking out like a damn sore thumb where everyone and their old ass auntie would recognize her last name. Moving near her super chill uncle was the only thing she could think off to keep from getting married off and nepotism'ed to death. As Kim lost her way into her thoughts, she kind of forgot she had somewhere to be. Luckily, that didn't exactly last long.

"Great Maneet, you are freaking late girl! Thank Him that that meddling, nosey port girl comm'ed the quarters to let us know you arrived!" a voice shrilled. 

Kimara grimaced before turned to see her Auntie Moragen, plastering a big fake grin on her face. Kimara was pulled down into the smaller woman's embrace. It wasn't that she didn't like her aunt. It was that she reminded her so much of her mother. Overbearing. "Hi Auntie. Sorry I'm late. Mum was crying about me going to lose so much weight from not eating and never seeing her again because I'll forget where I come from. How are you, where's Uncle Chrism?"

Moragen pulled Kimara down one of the adjoining hallways and began to prattle on about her Uncle and life on Amasia. Moragen was Kimara's aunt by marriage. Her mother's brother moved from Cont Afrique to Cont Amasia and met her during one of those silly formal civilian meet and greets. Moragen was a native Amasian and it showed in her appearance. Kimara eyed the older woman with apprehension. Now it was blatantly obvious that they had intense physical differences. Where Moragen was short and yellow-toned, Kimara was tall and had a dark mahogany, almost black skin. Kimara had curves where her aunt was petite; she had an abundance of full, heavy breasts, wide hips and a high, round ass that jiggled more than it didn't. Aunt Moragen was soft where Kim had muscles on top of muscles and short straight hair where Kimara had a mass of long, thick locs that shot out and down to the middle of her back. Never mind her full lips, big hazel eyes and button nose with a septum piercing, one of many piercings. And all of her silver and yellow Afrique tattoos that glowed in UV light. Kimara knew that most women here looked like her aunt and she was going to stick out even more than she already did from her last name being "Moark". 

"Did you hear me, little girl?" she heard her aunt say. Kimara's head snapped up.

"Ma'am?"

"I said this is your classroom for career specialization. Luckily, it's everyone else's first day of class too. They, however, managed to travel here on time. A week ago. Do not embarrass your uncle and don't hover board in there. You don't have time to go find your quarters first so you'll need to report to Lt. Jacos Marren after CP. Ask someone to help you and good luck!"

Kim was pulled down for a forehead kiss, then abandoned as her aunt rushed off. Jumping off her board, Kimara knocked before the door slid open. She stepped into a small lecture hall, maybe four rows of six desks and it wasn't completely full. Directly in front of her was yet another petite yellow-brown woman with straight hair smiling.

"Well class, that late arrival I mentioned is finally here. Seems you had some trouble. Go ahead and face the class. Introduce yourself, ranks and all."

Kimara sighed. She stood at attention and turned about face to the class. Taking a deep breath, she said."Officer Kimara Alyse Moark, twenty and one years of Lalafault, Afrique. Rank 26 of division 6 Streakers. Recipient of the Red Combat Plaq and the Range Crown. H─" She hesitated. Her eyes flicked to the teacher, who was egging her on silently. She sighed and dejectedly finished, "Heir of the Afrique Moark Clan Elder Council Seat."

Kimara frowned. She knew both her rank and her heiress status would make it hard to find friends. She thought she would be able to avoid telling everyone who she was just yet. Looking up at the class, the shocked faces told her she wouldn't be making friends anytime soon.

"Wonderful, it's so refreshing seeing someone rank so high at such a young age. You may have a seat next to Odeena. Hon, raise your hand. Yes, thank you. We are going to continue with the history of our land before you go home today. It is important that every C-Warrior knows their purpose."

Kim let her eyes flit around the room as she walked to her seat. As she expected, she was the tallest, most different looking woman in the room. Most of the other officers were native Amasians or Eukrussians from one Cont over. As Kimara took a seat, the teacher, whose name tag identified her as Sergeant Holis, turned out the lights and began a holo-lesson of the past. 

"In the time of the Back-Before, humans ran rampant with resources and space. They trampled the natural habitats of others and disregarded nature. The atmosphere filled with our wastes and we melted the frozen Norths. Then, in two thousand one hundred and six, Amelia Johnson was attacked and eaten in the middle of Dakota by an animal everyone thought was a myth. The old ones call it a "Big Foot". This was the first documented Cryptid attack. But as we know, it wouldn't be the last" Lt. Holis switch the holo-lesson to view a map of the old world configuration.

"Crytids began appearing in large numbers all over the world, attacking the old ones as they encroached on these beings territory. For over one hundred years, cryptids whittled human population number down to nearly nothing. None of the old ones technology worked against these creatures. Guns, Bombs, nuclear warfare...nothing seemed to work on these animals and they couldn't try anything major because of the close proximity of the human homes. Resources were nearly depleted in efforts to stop the Cryptid attacks. The old ones suffered until two thousand two hundred and fifteen when George Maneet and his friends Shala and Hank Moark developed a plan. George Maneet proposed a massive manmade disruption of the plate tectonics in order to create a border on each of the seven Conts in which the humans could live. Although he was considered extremely eccentric, Maneet was loved for his creation. He also created UV light barriers that use electro-magnetic fields to keep out crytids and destroy the brain function of a cryptid that gets close."

"You mean it fries their brain," quipped a melodic feminine voice to Kimara's left. She glanced over to see a beautiful woman. She was a small, light brown woman with a super long, wavy curtain of brown hair and rather ridiculously wide curves on the lower half of her tiny frame. Kimara quickly looked away, not wanting to expose her status accidentally. I can't even look? Damn it's been too long. Kimara was a freemale, a naturally created woman with scientifically edited chromosomes that allowed her to produce more testosterone than the average woman. While staying quite feminine in appearance, she had other attributes that could become apparent if she wasn't careful. Everyone in close proximity didn't need to know she was freemale, not that anyone would be tasteless enough to ask. At least she hoped....

"Yes Odeena. That blunt explanation works as well." The teacher smirked before continuing. "Once humans were able to keep crytids away, the Moarks ensured we could fight them, creating the Cryptid, or C-Warriors and the M-Streaker gear packs, which as armored with every known weapon that is effective against cryptids. In the attempt to breed a human that was stronger, they also helped us to rebuild our population by creating A-Breeding and Chro-Editing, and consequently Freemales. Maneet joined them again in this research by creating Almies, or Robotics infused with a human who has one of the last incurable diseases, like Cancer or Lupus." 

Lt. Holis smiled in the direction of three girls in the front. Leaning Kimara could tell they were Almies and at the very least sisters, if not triplets. Clearing her throat, she moved the holo-lesson to a view of the world and smiled. "The Great Doctor Maneet and the Moarks shaped the world today. We live in the results of their great work. As you know, Maneet's plan worked, but it caused the then called continents to move into their current states, causing a disruption in all governments. The Moarks aided the world by suggesting and helping to create the Elder Council, the ruling force of the world. Because of these great old ones, we live today." The educator gave a knowing glance in Kim' direction, making everyone else stare at her too. Clearing her throat, she regained her attention. "Each one of these short, 4 week specialized classes will earn you a certification toward whatever concentration you choose. My class is just the overview. Keep that in mind as you select your schedule. For homework this weekend please study the manual for the newest Streakers, even if your concentration isn't piloting. Everyone will have to drive at some point on the battlefield. Have a great day everyone."

The lights were turned back on and everyone began leaving for their quarters. Realizing she didn't know where in the hell she was going, Kimara took a chance and turned to the woman with the sinful curves and smart mouth.

"Um...Adeema?"

"Yes, Newbie with the ridiculously high rank?" The beauty smiled at her with pouty red lips. Kimara almost swooned.

"Do you know where Lt. Jacos Marren is? I need to get my lodging situated."

"Sure. We can check his location with Holis and then I'll take you there. Sound good?"

"Very good. Thanks!"

"One more thing, Hon"

"Yes?"

"It's Odeena not Adeema. With an 'O' and a 'N'. Call me Dee, if you'd like."

Kimara groaned inwardly as she grabbed her belonging and followed her sexy escort to the front of the room. She'd already made a fool of herself in front of a beautiful woman. She let her eyes roam over Odeena's caramel colored skin, wide hips, and fat bottom. Odeena skipped to the teacher and waited beside her as she finished with a tall, pale gentleman. He needs some sun and a good meal, she thought. As Kimara approached, she caught the tail end of their conversation.

"What are we learning the new Streakers for? We're probably not even gonna get to breathe on 'em" Huffed the guy. His attitude and lack of respect instantly pissed Kim off.

"Actually, I drove the new Streaker back in Lalafault during a breach. They're damned useful and I never thought I'd use on either." She sassed.

"You're name's Moark. Don't pretend like you actually battle. I'm sure all those pretty commendations came with your birth record." Kim gave her plump lips a slow lick. She'd love to make an example out of this jackass so no one else would repeat his little comment. But Lieutenant Holis had something else in mind.

"Officer Fenrir you will do what I say or fail this year's militia examination. And we all know your family doesn't need any more shame. Now, have a good day" Lt. Holis rolled her eyes and turned her attention to Odeena and Kimara. She smiled. 

"Don't let him bother you. I know Qeric personally. He can't help his oral diarrhea. What can I do for you ladies?" 

"Kimara here needs to fix her lodging with Lt. Marren. Can you check his location?"

"Sure Sweets, one sec." Lt. Holis tapped on the screen of watch. She scanned through the ID logs located on each door of the compound. Everyone's clearance chip logged their location when they went through the door, and everyone was required to have one implanted before they entered a T-Port coming to the compound. "Alright, he last logged in his office. It's almost dinner time, he'll probably be there for a little while. 

"Thanks Lieutenant. Good night!" Odeena skipped out of the class room, gesturing for Kimara to follow her. Small and slinky, she moved quickly by darting through the crowds of their fellow trainee officers in the few other classes in the compound. "Come on!"

Odeena bobbed and weaved her small frame through the crowd of people. To keep up, Kimara jumped on her hover board. Grateful for her height, she easily spotted Odeena and followed her past the café, through to the Lieutenant Offices. When she finally stopped walking, Kimara caught up to her and jumped off her board, hitting the guest buzzer on the door.

"Thanks again, this place is like one of those Back Before paper mazes everyone plays with as kids."

"Not a problem Hon," Odeena said smiling, "I just didn't want you asking those other bitches and miss out on spending time with the cute newbie."

"Cute? You think I'm c─"

"Ladies? Can I help you?" A short, stocky man in full C-Warrior uniform stood in the now open doorway. Kimara assumed it was Lt. Jacos Marren. She quickly popped to attention.

"Good Afternoon, Sir. Petty Officer Moark. I need to find my lodging, Sir."

"At ease, Moark. You ladies come on in." Lt. Marren step aside to let the young ladies in his office. He escorted them to his desk and began typing on his computer. Frowning, he sat up and cleared his throat, typing pensively. Panicking, Kim leaned forward.

"Is there a problem Lieutenant?"

"Unfortunately, my dear. We received your request for housing and your payment but your apartment isn't ready. Because of your, um...status," he hesitated, looking knowingly in Kim's direction, "Your request got sent to the Specials category, even though it shouldn't have been. Not sure why, I'll have to report it. But since it's so late into enrollment now, the only thing available is an apartment for Almies and that won't work for you at all. It needs to be formatted for fully human life again. The only other available lodging is shared and even then the only open rooms are 2656 and 2657, latter being an Almies-Human hybrid dorm bunker."

Odeena's head popped up and she smiled coquettishly. "2656 is my room."

Smirking at Odeena, Lt. Marren began typing again. "Well that settles that. You'd better lock your door, Officer Moark. Word around is this girl here's a prowler. Her moms' were quite the flirts during their time here."

The girls smiled and left, making their way through the extensive lifts and hallway systems to Odeena and now Kim's new room. As they walked in, Odeena began pointing around the room. "That's your room, you have your own bathroom. That's the guest bathroom and the kitchen. This compound is unique because everyone gets a kitchen and rations to use how they want. It's fun. Want a glass of wine?"

Kimara nodded, letting Odeena know she would come to the common area to hang out after she unpacked her stuff. She glanced around. Odeena had obviously done some decorating. What would normally be a cold, sterile militia apartment was filled with pops of bright summer colors in the form of pillows and cool vintage framed posters from the Back-Before. It was small, but Kim appreciated the effort.

She was a bit nervous about sharing space with a regular woman. She had more muscle mass, more height, more testosterone and consequently, more...equipment. She was the perfect warrior, but not always the perfect roommate for some women. She found that out the hard way at Mgapo Academy. Kim walked to the door Odeena designated as the empty room. She opened it and a knee high robot zoomed out. "You have an Omegid?" she called. Omegids were drone servant robots based on the Back-Before program "Siri" it follows instructions and does menial tasks. Unfortunately, it tended to be quite literal with some hilarious results on occasion. 

Odeena nodded, "She responds to Omi or Omegi. I know they don't have emotion programming, but she's so cute I named her. She cleans the apartment at night." Kimara walked into a bare room with a dresser, nightstand mirror and bed. She sat her bag and hover board down. Using her tech watch, she began playing underground electronica as she packed and stored her things. Most music artists were now secret, not wanting to be in the spotlight for fear of becoming like the celebrities of the Back-Before. Odeena danced in carrying two glasses of A-Bred red wine. She had changed from her warrior uniform to a short, comfortable t-shirt dress that clung to her ass. She plopped on Kim's bed and sipped from one of the glasses, bobbing her head to the music.

Kim licked her lips as she accepted the glass and got busy storing her civilian clothes. She felt her cock harden as the sexy petite woman bounced on her bed to the music, her perky little breasts bouncing with her. She stayed turned towards the dresser, trying to hide her hard on. "So...what did Lt. Marren mean about you being a prowler? And your mom?"

"Moms," in the mirror, Kimara could see her wiggling two fingers. "I have a freemale and a female for parents. And I prefer to date like the women I grew up with. And I maybe a tad bit of a flirt. Just a tad."

"Oh really?"

"Yep. And I can spot a freemale a mile away. The broad, shoulders and the abnormal height," she said as she stood and strutted over, pressing her breasts into Kimara's back, "the incredible amounts of muscle mass and the lickable birth mark on the back of your neck. Not to mention that big erection you're trying to hide from me."

Kim cursed. Great,now she's gonna get a sexual harassment charge. Or file one. She took a huge gulp out of the wine glass and turned, blushing purple under her midnight skin. She set the glass of the dresser and crossing her hands over her hefty dick print.
