 *****Hi dear reader(s), I don't know if you're still interested in reading a story where one of the main characters has died, but I can rest assure you that you will be glad you stayed interested. And I'll give you one reason why: This idea will cover the history over a lot of the heroes, since I gave you a brief look at the villains' history. Don't worry though, throughout this idea, the history will be intermixing with all the action and sex that will be coming your way. Plus, I've gone back over the every chapter and noticed a few things I should've inputted, so expect some more things that you haven't seen in the previous chapters. I can't wait for you to see what I have in store for you and I hope you enjoy every chapter that follows. And remember, whether you liked it or not, please comment! I'd like to know what you think! DM23*****

Heroes/Heroines

Commander Shinobay - Force fields, Eye vision

Osprey - Bird-like abilities

Ghost - Invisibility, Intangibility

Zipper - Enhanced Speed

Shell - Bulletproof, Enhanced strength

Jasper - Pyrokinetic, Flight

Crystal - Cryokinetic

Hyper - Flight, Hyperbeams

Cherry - Teleporter, Martial artist

Dot - Cat-like abilities

Dr. Walton - Multitasking

Somewhere in the middle of Brazil, during the night of a new moon, screams were being heard. It only meant one thing: a village was under attack. But this wasn't because of rival villagers or corrupt businessmen trying to take a village's land. This was something frighteningly worse.

Insects. Man-sized Insects. Insects of all kinds from ants to termites, every type of beetle, centipedes and millipedes, praying mantis, and any other insect an entomologist would recognize.

They were walking all over the village taking all the females they could grab. Any males that tried to fight were killed swiftly, and fed upon. When there wasn't a female left to take, the insects retreated into the trees.

"Estranho da noite, nos ajude," the children silently wept. 

There was no answer to their request, not that it could be heard over the stomping of the insects' feet. A few minutes later, they came up to a giant tree in the middle of the jungle. This wasn't an ordinary giant tree, though. This giant tree was probably three times taller than other giant trees.

It was also humming.

Or at least that's what the villagers thought it was doing. From somewhere around them, a low pitch sound was vibrating and drawing the insects to the tree. The insects started climbing the tree to get to the holes in the tree where there were other insects waiting to take the villagers into the midst of their nest.

As the first villager was about to be taken, the wind blew sharply and a heavy object knocked the insect that was waiting from out of the hole where it fell to its death. Then, when the insect holding the first villager was about to continue forward, something unseen cut across its abdomen, slicing it in half. It cried out in pain before dying and falling to the jungle floor below. The villager it was holding was caught by the unseen thing and was set in a tree.

"Estranho da noite!" the children happily yelled.

When the returning insects saw their comrade fall, they started stampeding towards the holes in the tree. But before they could make, their abdomens were sliced in half as the being responsible for the attack mercilessly rescued the villagers. The insects' cries reached the inside of the tree and suddenly a swarm of wasps, hornets, and other stinging insects emerged from the holes in the tree.

They saw the freed villagers fleeing and gave chase. Unbeknownst to them, the being made a spike shield behind the villagers, and the insects unintentionally impaled themselves against as they tried to grab the villagers. The being directed the villagers to the ocean, since they were close to it, so they would be safe from the danger the being was about to do.

It was going to destroy the tree.

Concentrating, the being uprooted smaller trees, levitated dead insects, chunks of rock, and even drew water from the ocean as it made the objects spin around in a make shift tornado. At first, it was slow and weak barely visible F1-sized tornado. But with every passing second, it grew into a colossus F5-sized tornado. Now that it was the right size, the being pushed it towards the tree.

It was a devastating attack. The objects in the makeshift twister struck the tree, shredding the bark of the tree and using the very same bark to break off even more bark. The insects flew out to launch a counterattack, but their plan was disrupted when some were struck with the objects in the makeshift twister. Whether they were struck or not, the wind from the twister caught them and used them to attack the tree, although they didn't inflict any damage.

By now, the wind of the twister was practically ripping the bark off itself, and didn't really need the objects to bring the tree down. However, the objects were useful for one more thing. The insects that were in the tree had realized their inevitable defeat and started flying away for their own safety. The being immediately sent the objects at the insects, bringing them down with deadly blows to the head or abdomen. Still yet, some insects managed to escape and the being went back to the tree, making sure that there was nothing left standing within a two-mile radius. Not even the roots survived the attack, as they were uprooted and shredded during the attack.

"Noite estranho nos salvou!" the villagers cheered. The being watched the villagers return to land, and later to their village, then flew off in the direction where the insects flew.

To be honest, it felt a bit nice to have someone cheer him for saving them. Not that the being knew what 'nice' was. It only saved them because they took care of it when it drifted in from the ocean one night and gave it a place to stay. When they saw what it could do, initially they were afraid, but days later they were over their fear and were letting it help take care of things around the village. The kids loved it immensely, of course, and were constantly playing around it until they were told to leave.

The being couldn't understand why they liked it, though. Although it looked human, it was covered in black smoke all over and spoke through mental images. 'Very nonhuman indeed,' it thought.

*****

It was one of those cool days where the sun was shining, the air felt great, the wind was nice and breezy, and Crystal and Max were the only two people on the planet. Not that Crystal cared, though. She was content with being alone with Max forever.

"I found us a spot, your Highness!" Max said in an English dialect.

"Ooooh, nice and spacious," Crystal grinned as she followed him to the spot. "Just how I like it." 

With her approval, he got to work setting the picnic up. First, he made sure the cloth wouldn't blow away in the wind, then set out the sandwiches and chips they'll be enjoying, and finally the water.

"It's not a buffet, but I hope you enjoy it, your Highness," Max bowed, in a butler-like manner.

"Much obliged, my faithful servant," Crystal answered, keeping with the act. She grabbed a sandwich and seeing it was a peanut butter jelly sandwich, she happily took a few bites. After she finished that one, she reached for another one when she realized that Max wasn't moving. "Oh, don't be so stiff, Max. Have a seat, have a sandwich, dine with me."

"Thank you, your Highness," Max bowed again. As he was about to take a seat, he stumped his foot on a hidden rock and went sprawling on his stomach. It was too much for Crystal and she burst out laughing as Max dusted himself off. "That was purely intentional."

"And I'm sure you've been practicing the look you made for a while now, right?" Crystal grinned.

"Nah, I just winged that," Max shrugged.

He sat down next to her and grabbed one of the sandwiches (ham and cheese) and dined with Crystal. They happily talked about plenty of unimportant and various things until their sandwiches, chips, and water ran out.

"Wow Max, I didn't know you were such a messy eater," Crystal smirked as she scooped a small glob of mayonnaise from the corner of Max's mouth and licked it off.

"You're not so spotless yourself," Max replied as he returned the favor. But unlike Crystal, he quickly stole a kiss from her when he finished.

"You little thief!" Crystal gasped.

"No take backs," Max smiled. To his surprise, she moved fast as she pulled his face close to hers and stole a kiss just as fast as he did. "You don't waste time, do you?"

"I figured why take it back when I can take one from you," Crystal shrugged then grinned at him.

"I like how you think," Max grinned back.

They went back and forth with their kissing game until Max rolled over onto Crystal and pinned her arms to the ground. Slowly, he started his kisses from at her collarbone, making sure that each and every inch of her skin received a kiss or two before moving on. When he came up to her neck, he started nibbling a little bit here and there as he moved up to kiss up to her ear. Her voice unexpectedly caught in her throat as he gently bit her earlobe. Without her voice, she could only gasp when his kisses followed her jaw line while he softly played with her breasts.

"Stop teasing me," she finally gasped.

"But that's half the fun," Max laughed. "Seeing your face is definitely worth doing all of this."

"I'm not the only one who can make those face, you know," Crystal smirked.

Before Max could respond, Crystal maneuvered from underneath him in an instant. He turned around to see where she went and at that moment, Crystal sat in his lap and pinned his arms behind his back. To Max's surprise, she was using her real strength, which meant she let him pin her. Hungrily, she kissed him all over his face, and even his hair, as she gyrated her hips against his own. There really wasn't anything Max could do but enjoy the treatment. And, between Crystal wild kisses and her sexy lap dance, something else began to want some attention.

In a flash, Crystal was down by his waist, pulled his pants and boxers down, and immediately started bobbing her head as she was sucking on his thick cock. Max could only grab onto the grass when he felt her tongue lick the underside of his shaft, from the balls to the head and everywhere in between. Her hair obscured his vision of what she was doing, but that only made him more sensitive around his cock to the point where even the breath of Crystal was stimulating him. Then, she licked the head of his cock one last time and that did it. Max fired multiple loads of cum as Crystal clamped her mouth over his shaft, gulping down his cum as fast as she could.

"Seeing your face is definitely worth doing all of this," Crystal repeated when she finished swallowing Max's cum. Max didn't give her an answer as he was panting heavily, toes curled, and hands in a fist. "Aw man, I wanted you to be inside me when you came."

"That's not a problem," Max smiled. "It just means more time for us to enjoy ourselves."

Quickly, she shed her clothes as Max took off the rest of his and lay on her back on the cloth. He lined up his cock with her pussy and, after making sure she was thoroughly wet, sunk his cock deep inside. The feeling of being inside her pussy always felt better than he had remembered. Starting off slowly, he pumped in and out, drawing out lengthy moans from her. Those breasts again drew his attention and he latched onto her breast, licking and sucking on one and twisting and kneading the other.

Crystal loved being filled with his cock. Her toys were a distant memory as they could no longer satisfy her. While they were good for passing time and abating her horniness, the difference between a toy and the real thing was the power of control. As of right now, she was not in control and she loved every moment of it. His thick cock was harder now that it was pounding her pussy. Her mind was blank as she was being used for Max's pleasure only.

Rising from the depths of her soul, Crystal's orgasms powerfully shook her as she pressed herself against Max as much as possible. Max wasn't that far behind either as a few seconds later, he erupted in her tight pussy. Panting, their breaths mixed together as they continued kissing each other.

"We should -," Max began but was cut off as his words were smothered by Crystal's lips.

"Do you think -," Crystal tried next, but Max returned the favor by silencing her as he kissed everywhere but her luscious lips.

"I can -."

"I'm not -."

"We have -."

"Are you -?"

"Want to go again?" they asked each other. They laughed a little and Max rolled over, placing Crystal on top.

Max let Crystal take control this time as she found the rhythm she wanted. When she got her rhythm, she increased her speed, letting the heavens hear her moans of pleasure. She just couldn't get enough of Max. The more she got, the more she wanted. The more she wanted, the more she got. A cycle that never ended as it kept repeating over and over and over again, that's what she wanted.

Max could see that Crystal had lost control . . . again. That meant that now he had to take charge and push her even higher in the throes of pleasure. Grabbing her hips, he forced her down on him all the way, making Crystal cry out with lust. Every time she rose, Max made sure he went deep inside her every time she came down.

The sound of the lewd noises was starting to unravel Max's mind. As much as he wanted to bring her to orgasm first, he soon lost himself to the lust as well and was now more focused on getting balls deep in her pussy. They were no longer making love now.

Now they were fucking each other.

Crystal was no longer riding now. Max had maneuvered around, without dislodging himself, so that he was in total control of everything. It didn't matter to Crystal how they fucked, she just wanted to cum again, she needed to cum again. Whereas Max was thinking of himself, he was still bringing Crystal closer and closer to the brim. It was at that moment that even a slight breeze could make her cum.

But instead of a slight breeze, she got a long, thick cock slamming her pussy walls at full power. It was so good, a long steady stream gushed out of her and she slumped forward as she lost all her strength in her body. This gave Max an even greater position to pound her pussy and she was totally helpless to stop it. Not that she wanted to though. Crystal felt like she was cumming nonstop, every orgasm she had running right into the one before it.

As for Max, he was having a weird problem. Something was keeping him from cumming, even with him giving it all that he had. But instead of giving up, he kept thrusting in and out of her walls, knowing that his orgasm was on its way.

"I want to cum," he declared with every thrust. "I want to cum! I WANT TO CUM!"

Instantly, he blew his load in her pussy. But instead of stopping, he kept going, pushing his cum deep inside her until he couldn't cum anymore. Breathless, they just laid there, loving the cool breeze and the feeling of his cum squeezing out of her cunt. 

"That way amazing," Crystal said between gasps. Her chest was heaving, which made her breasts rise and fall, which caught Max's attention.

"Yeah, that was unlike anything we've ever done before," Max smiled. He turned to face her and whispered, "I love you."

"I love you, too," Crystal smiled.

"No you don't," a voice declared. A ghostly image of Jasper was standing a few feet away from them, glaring at them as if they offended him in the worst way possible.

Immediately, the sky darkened, the ground started crumbling, and Max stepped out of her grasp. She tried to reach for him, but her legs were frozen as ice started crawling up her legs. She called out for Max but her voice didn't reach him. As she watched, Max breathed in dark smoke and his eyes changed to solid black, not a speck of white anywhere. 

"You don't deserve him," a monstrous voice laughed from within Max.

Slowly, Max's arm rose as a gun formed in his hand. Crystal watched, paralyzed, as the gun was placed right underneath Max's chin. Her struggle was futile as he pulled the trigger and . . . 

. . . she sat up straight in her bed, screaming and shaking all over. For a moment, Crystal let the cold air blow over her as she shuddered from the nightmare she had. When she finally got herself together, she walked to the bathroom to get herself fixed up for the day. On her way, Crystal heard a knock on her door and went to go see who was at her door, passing by her ice sculpture of Max along the way. Not surprisingly, it was Hyper.

"Girl what have you been doing?" she huffed.

"Exercises," Crystal lied.

"For fifteen minutes?" Hyper asked.

"I was listening to music the whole time," Crystal answered.

"In your pajamas?" Hyper continued to ask.

"Yeah, so what?" Crystal shrugged.

"We're waiting for you to get up here so that we can start the Morning Meeting," Hyper informed.

Crystal's eyes widened in realization of the problem and closed the door in Hyper's face. Minutes later, the door reopened as Crystal emerged ready to go. They had to wait, impatiently, for an elevator to arrive to their floor, take them up to the Meeting Room's floor and then run the rest of the way to the Meeting Room.

"It's great to finally see you," the Commander smiled. Dot hopped out her chair and leaped into Crystal's arms. "We all missed you, Crystal. We hope you've had as much time as possible to recover and join the fight."

"I can't promise you that I've fully recovered from what happened," Crystal replied. "What I can promise is that I won't let it stop me from being the heroine that I am."

"Group hug!" Dot exclaimed. Crystal really didn't have a choice in the matter as the heroes surrounded her and joined in on giving her a hug.

"Alright, now that that's taken care of, we have a few announcements," Commander Shinobay declared as everyone returned to their seats. "First, the request for the Government to take part in the fight against the villains has been approved. Immediately, they have found a few of some villains' hideout and have caught them or forced the villains to relocate. The ones we know were caught as of right now are: Ruthless, Acrobat, C4, Giggles, Mistress, and One-Eye."

"Isn't that everyone but Dr. Genie and Dictator Jones?" Cherry inquired.

"No, Vibes is on the loose as well," Commander Shinobay informed. "We don't know exactly where he is, as he is keeping a low profile, but it's only a matter of time before he makes an appearance."

"What about Dr. Genie's monsters?" Zipper asked.

"Pterror is on the loose as well, but I believe Dr. Genie has the creature stashed away somewhere in case she needs a last minute distraction or an escape route," the Commander replied. "As for Kraken, the Government is keeping a close eye on the monster to monitor its movements. For now, no attacks have been reported."

"They should just kill it," Jasper declared. "If I had to make a choice, I'd kill the thing instead of waiting around for innocent lives to be put in danger."

"You don't seem to understand the situation clearly, Jasper," Commander Shinobay replied. "The Kraken may be a monster, but it's not a monster like Pterror. Whereas Pterror has a partial human conscience, the Kraken has no human conscience. It's just a hybrid of a lot of cephalopod genes spliced together, with a growth serum added into the mix. In simpler terms, it's an animal . And in the people's best interest, that means that, until it dies, we have to make sure the Kraken is feeding so that it won't attack anyone."

"And where are we going to get all that food to fill it up?" Jasper asked.

"I never said we're going to feed it," the Commander replied. "I said, 'we have to make sure the Kraken is feeding so that it won't attack anyone.' Which means, the Kraken will be monitored twenty-four seven until it dies by age or by the course of nature."
