 Heroes/Heroines
Commander Shinobay - Force fields, Eye vision
Osprey - Bird-like abilities
Ghost - Invisibility, Intangibility
Zipper - Enhanced Speed
Shell - Bulletproof, Enhanced strength
Jasper - Pyrokinetic, Flight
Crystal - Cryokinetic
Hyper - Flight, Hyperbeams
Cherry - Teleporter, Martial artist
Dot - Cat-like abilities
Dr. Walton – Multitasking

Villains/Villainesses
Dictator Jones - Mind control
Dr. Genie - Mad scientist specializing in splicing
Pollen - Controls plant-like monsters
Pterror - Monster, Flight

Key Figures
President Rollington - POTUS
Vice President Quentin - vPOTUS
Dark Matter – Flight, Able to create objects (loves to use tendrils to attack and shields to block)

It wasn't the Kraken pulling the ship apart. Whereas the Kraken had long tentacles with enormous suckers to beat against whatever it attacks, it wasn't tentacles slowly stretching the ship to its limits. It was arms. Not human arms though, these arms had a triangular shape to them and ended in a blunt point and sharp spikes extending from the back of each arm. Long strands of what appeared to be strings on the other side of each arm were attached to the metal of the ship, pulling it off and discarding it into the ocean. The heroes then caught a glimpse of a liquid substance that moved through the hallway towards some of the passengers in a corner. The moment the liquid touched one, the passenger was immobilized and pulled them towards certain death.

"That's a . . ." Zipper trailed off, forgetting what the creature was called.

"Starfish," Crystal finished. "That's a gigantic starfish."

"Looks like someone got tired of krabby patties," Jasper joked. The other heroes looked at Jasper as if he had lost his mind, wondering what made this a joking situation. "You get it? Never mind."

"Anyways, those string looking things are its 'feet' and that liquid substance is its stomach," Crystal informed. "Whatever you do, don't let either of them touch you or else there'll be nothing left of you but your clothes."

"Shell, Dot, Ghost, I need you three to get blankets and towels for the passengers in the water," Commander Shinobay instructed. "The rest of you, bring those passengers to safety. I don't want another one dying."

With their instructions, the heroes started on their tasks. Crystal made a frozen wide path on the water so that those in the water could climb on and walk to safety. Still yet, some of them had a problem swimming, not to mention they were catching the eyes of hammerhead sharks nearby. Jumping in the water, she encased the passengers that couldn't swim in ice (with enough air) so that they floated and she could pull them to the shore.

As for the passengers in the ship, their fates were still in question as the heroes rushed through the hallways looking for them. Cherry was the one finding them the most, being able to move vast distances and outpace the starfish's stomach. Zipper was right behind her too, running across the walls to evade the stomach and get more passengers. Jasper and Hyper immediately realized the stomach was very sensitive to heat and they immediately started forcing it back.

Osprey found it hard to cut the back side of the starfish. It wasn't fleshy like he expected, but hard like armor. After his relentless assault, he switched over to those 'feet' Crystal said not to touch. Remembering all that he knew about starfish, which wasn't much, he recalled that it was the ends of the feet that he wasn't supposed to touch and smiled when an idea formed in his head.

Keeping away from the ends of the feet, he cut the feet at the base with his sharp wings and ripping out as much as he could. There was a gurgle from beneath the water when he did that, and he knew he hit the monstrous starfish right where it hurt. However, it was only one arm he attacked, one which might not even be grabbing people. Still yet, he continued until the stomach of the starfish drew too close for comfort and he flew out of there.

In the ship, Jasper and Hyper was now satisfied that they had pushed the stomach back far enough to continue the rescue mission and ran to find anyone that was still on the ship. For Hyper, she checked each room thoroughly, even the closets, before going on to the next. As for Jasper, he walked in a straight line as he struggled to hear what he thought was a bunch of kids crying for help. When he found the room, he kicked the door open, revealing a pitch black room. He stepped inside warily, sensing a trap . . .

. . . and jumped when the door slammed shut. The lights suddenly flicked on and Jasper found himself face to face with one of the most dangerous villains in the world: Dr. Genie.

"Of course this would be your doing," Jasper said.

"Who else would you expect?" Dr. Genie laughed.

"I was expecting a nice sleep," Jasper glared.

"Well, we don't always get what we want," Dr. Genie replied.

"Actually, what I want are the agents that you've been kidnapping from us," Jasper crossed his arms. "What have you done to them?"

"Nothing," she replied.

"Then what are you forcing them to do?" Jasper asked next.

"Mechanical engineering," she answered.

Jasper could see that was all he was going to get out of her about that. "So why a starfish?" he asked. "What happened to the Kraken?"

"Eaten by a pod of orcas," Dr. Genie replied.

"You couldn't save it, could you?" Jasper sneered.

"Ha! You're making it seem like I wanted to," Dr. Genie laughed. "If a monster can't defend itself from a predator several times smaller than it is, then it deserves to die. Now, you weren't called here to talk with me. You can come in now."

A door that was connected the room to the one adjacent to it opened and Dictator Jones came out in a wheelchair.

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't slow roast you two right now," Jasper threatened, pointing his already flaming hands at him. Although he should've had them up when he saw Dr. Genie, she wasn't as dangerous as Dictator Jones was. Automatically, his head jerked back and he collapsed as the Dictator touched the nerves in his brain that controlled the pain receptors.

"Is that good enough?" the Dictator sneered.

"Jones, we're on a schedule," Dr. Genie reminded. "Hurry up."

"Fine, but I will do it again if I have to," the Dictator smiled. His smile only lasted a few seconds before he started 

For a moment, Jasper grasped the situation he was in. Dictator Jones was in a wheelchair, no doubt why, and Dr. Genie was behind him. He could be out the door before Dictator Jones tried to control his mind.

"Or help make Crystal belong to you," Dictator Jones smiled.

"Stay out of my head!" Jasper shouted.

"My bad," the Dictator replied. "I figured with the way your relationship with Crystal was going, you'd want all the help you could get."

"What help could you give me?" Jasper seethed, knowing the Dictator was touching all his sensitive spot. "Let me guess, potions and chemicals? You want me to poison her, don't you?"

"I said make her belong to you," Dictator Jones repeated. "We all know the day won't come where Crystal would fall in love with you, even with all the potions Dr. Genie could make. Besides, there are more ways to make a girl belong to you than just potions."

Slowly, Jasper went through all the ways he knew, and used, to make a girl belong to him. None of them seemed to be the angle Dictator Jones was coming from, so Jasper then went through the ways that was more 'unconventional.' Immediately, his eyes widened as he realized what Dictator Jones meant. And to be honest, deep down, he really wanted to see that side of Crystal.

"What's in it for you?" Jasper inquired, knowing the offer wasn't for free.

"I just want Crystal out of my way," Dictator answered. "She's becoming a nuisance in my plans that involve Ruthless and I want her removed."

"That's not my problem," Jasper laughed.

"Fine, how about this," Dictator Jones growled. "I'm keeping the heroes that are looking for you from finding you. Could you imagine what would happen if they found you in here talking with the world's evilest villains? Not only would you be branded a Benedict Arnold, you can also kiss your fantasies of Crystal goodbye because you won't even have time for that. If you want to go down that road, I can make it happen. But, if you want to make Crystal yours, I can point you in the right direction."

"There's no need to threaten me," Jasper said. "I'm on board."

"Good, now take these," Dictator Jones grinned.

Dr. Genie stepped forward at that moment with an open hand that had five small vials in her hand. Each of them were red, some darker than others and there was one that had Jasper's own name on it.

"What's this?" he asked.

"Support," Dictator Jones answered. "You didn't think you'd be able to take Crystal on by yourself, did you? Get four others to help you out and make any female you want, including Crystal, yours."

"I don't need help," Jasper's ego raged.

"Then drink them yourself," Dictator Jones replied. "Those belong to you now. Dr. Genie, it's time we left."

Right away, Dr. Genie whistled and the door connecting the suites was busted down as Pterror squeezed through the doorframe. Impulsively, Jasper threw a fireball at the monster, but Pterror blocked it with his wing and swatted Jasper against the wall in one fluid motion. While Jasper struggled to recover, Pterror ripped the ceiling off, let his superiors climb on his back, and flew off.

Jasper immediately took flight and threw multiple fireballs after them, not wanting the heroes to think he had something to do with them. However, Pterror was a much faster flyer than he was and Jasper had no choice but to return to the rest of the heroes.

"Where were you?" Commander Shinobay asked, not seeing Jasper pocket the vials.

"I saw Dictator Jones and Dr. Genie discussing their plans in one of the rooms and eavesdropped," Jasper lied. "Unfortunately, they noticed me and called Pterror. He ripped the ceiling off and slammed it on me and flew off. I tried to bring them down, but Pterror was much too fast."

"Well, I'm glad to see your safe," the Commander replied.

"What are we going to do about the starfish?" Cherry asked.

"We'll just have to let the Government handle it," the Commander answered. "We don't have the manpower or equipment to take that thing on."

"I do," Crystal objected.

Immediately, she made an ice platform, jumped on it, and made it go towards the giant starfish. She ignored the calls of all the other heroes, especially Jasper, and drew closer to the starfish. The monster finally realized that there wasn't anything else left to eat on the ship and detached itself from the ship, slowly sinking to the bottom of the ocean. Crystal had different plans for it though. She jumped into the water and used the water to keep the starfish from touching the ocean floor.

Working her arms, she made the water push the starfish up. The stomach was suddenly pushed out and wiggled its way over to her. Crystal quickly made a frozen copy of herself and let the stomach swallow that while she made an bowl of ice underneath the monster. When she was satisfied with the size, she forced the starfish in the bowl and started pushing the bowl to the surface.

The feet immediately started trying to break the ice, but Crystal replaced the missing pieces with a wave of her hand. When the bowl rose over the surface, Crystal jumped back on her platform and went around the bowl, make a top half over the bowl so that the starfish was trapped in a sphere of water. To finish it off, Crystal froze the whole sphere, inside and out.

"I'll be back!" Crystal shouted to the rest of the heroes on shore and then made the platform head south with the frozen sphere with the starfish inside.

*****

Crystal made it back before a couple of days before the dance at that the White House. She was congratulated by her comrades for making the extensive journey. When asked where she left it, she informed that she shoved the monster right into the Antarctica shelf, removing all of its chances of self-escape indefinitely. 

And by missing out on food for days, Crystal had no choice but to walk to the cafeteria. Again, she got as many trays of food as possible, this time debating whether or not she could hold off the hunger until she got to her room. Her stomach chose to growl just then and she immediately decided to stay in the cafeteria. She had only finished one tray when Cole sat across from her, with the widest smile on his face.

"Good to have you back Crystal," he said.

"Hi Cole," Crystal greeted.

"I heard what you've done to the starfish," Cole said. "That's really impressive. Was it too heavy to carry?"

"Not really," Crystal replied, trying to take another bite.

"If I had hydrokinetic powers, I would've taken it off your hands," he smiled.

"Thanks," Crystal smiled a little, letting his words go in one ear and out the other.

"Is there anything you need?" Cole asked.

It became apparent to Crystal that she wasn't going to finish her meal with Cole around. She was really trying hard not to upset Cole, but he just wasn't taking the hint that her answers were short for a reason. Since he was a fan, she didn't really want to give him the wrong impression that she wanted to hurt his feelings, but she had to eat, and there was only one place where she could get her privacy.

"Everything I need is right here," Crystal answered, picking up her uneaten trays and discarding the one she finished.

"Oh, okay," Cole said, dejected that he'll be alone.

Crystal didn't dare look back as she left the cafeteria. She just kept her eyes forward, not even looking to the left or right of her as she went to the elevator. When she arrived at her room, she barely set her food down before she resumed eating. When she had her fill, she put the rest of the food away, and went to her room. Yawning, she didn't realize how tired she was until she started eyeing her bed. And, to be honest, Crystal was looking forward to her dream with Max, nightmare or not.

She was sleeping the moment she hit her pillows. As things became more clearer, she realized she was in Max's room. A pleasant feeling grew within her stomach as she recognized the familiar surroundings. She heard the sound of running water and checked the kitchen but there wasn't anyone there. Confused, she snuck into the bedroom and heard running water coming from the bathroom, or to be more specific, the shower. Smiling, she slipped in the bathroom, keeping as quiet as possible, and stripped off her clothes.

Quickly, she snatched the curtain to the side, hoping to surprise Max. However, she was the one with the surprise. Max was standing there, looking at her straight in the face as if asking, "Do you want to join me?"

"There's room for two, if you want to hop in," Max grinned.

"Don't mind if I do," Crystal replied, looking him up and down.

She stepped in beside him and closed the curtains, as if that was to make things more private. The moment she turned to face Max, he pinned her against the wall and locked their lips together. She immediately grabbed his cock and Max knew he was going to have to skip the foreplay this time. He spread her legs and rubbed her cunt, hoping that it was her juices flowing over his hand.

"Which hole do you want me to use?" he whispered in her ear.

"Do you think I care?" she retorted.

Max only smiled his goofy smile as he guided his cock into her pussy. As always, it fit nice and tight. Max hadn't even started moving yet and Crystal was already moaning from being filled. Max thought she wanted to savor the feeling of his cock so he was taking it slow, but Crystal wanted a faster tempo. Before Max had realized it, Crystal had him in an ice chair with his arms frozen to the wall.

"Sorry sweetie but we can make love in bed," Crystal smiled as she straddled Max again, facing him this time.

This time, there was no slowness. There was only one tempo Crystal loved and that was as fast as possible. She was doing her best to make sure she reached the bottom, but she soon realized that doing so slowed her down, something she didn't want. Somehow, the bathroom was able to echo her moans, plus those lewd sounds of her pussy juices, so that it beginning to sound like a beautiful symphony.

For Max, that meant bad news. While Crystal was lost in her lust, Max was struggling to keep control of his sanity. Those sounds may have been music to his ears, but that also made his cock harder, thicker, and very sensitive to Crystal's tight cunt. He pulled against the ice, but Crystal wasn't having that this time. She was using his arms to keep her up and definitely wasn't going to let him go.

"We're going to cum together, Max," Crystal said, partially licking and kissing down his neck. "Let's cum together! Let's cum . . . OOOOH! I'm cumming!"

"HNNNNNNG!!" Max growled as an orgasm was forced out of him. In truth, he didn't care that it was forced out of him. That's what hardcore sex was all about, lasting until neither partner could hold on any longer.

He filled her up completely as he felt the juices inside her flow over his cock. When his cock finished shooting cum inside her, Crystal pulled herself off Max's amazing cock and lay at the bottom of the tub. They both caught their breath as they replayed the sex in their minds. When they could move, Max cut the water off and turned at just the right moment to see a sight that would be burned in his mind forever.

Crystal was crawling over the side of the tub and had exposed her pussy to him. If that wasn't enough, her cunt also had his cum running down her leg as she lifted one to crawl out. Adrenaline suddenly pumped through his body again and his cock begged to go again. Seeing no better time than now, Max knelt behind Crystal again, grabbed her hips, and lined his cock up with her luscious pussy.

"Wait Max! I'm not –" she began when Max plunged his whole length inside her.

Pleasure kicked down Crystal's door as her voice lost its way out of her throat. Max was thrusting deep and hard this time, making sure to do what Crystal wasn't able to achieve earlier. It was so good that her eyes rolled to the back of her head. The sounds of their thighs slapping each other and the lewd noises coming from Crystal's pussy was egging Max to go even more intense than he already was. Then, timing his orgasm perfectly, he brought Crystal down on his full length again, filling her already cum-filled cunt with even more cum to replace what had escape earlier.

"You are a beast, do you know that?" Crystal sighed contently.

She didn't get an answer and turned around to face him. Max was staring in space as dark liquid poured out the pores of his skin until he was completely covered in the solid black form of Dark Matter.

"We meet again," Crystal glared. She wasn't going to let some nightmare ruin her dreams any longer, not to mention her sex filled ones.

"You don't love Max," Dark Matter said in a monotone voice.

"Is that all you're going to say?" Crystal asked as she noticed she was already clothed.

Without warning, Dark Matter flew and crashed into her, both of them tumbling into the bedroom. Crystal was ready for the attack and kicked him to the other side of the bed. As he stood, Crystal drew water from the bathroom and immediately made an ice shield as Dark Matter sent tendrils to smack her against the wall.

With more and more water being sent into her ice shield, Crystal soon had a full body shield and her iconic ice hammer. She leaped towards Dark Matter, but he floated to the door and out of harm's way. However, Crystal threw her hammer at him at the last minute and it smashed into his chest and sent him out of the bedroom.

She chased him to, and around, the living room, trying to catch him and dodge spike traps and hanging axes at the same time. When Dark Matter realized she wasn't falling for any of his traps, and gaining ground on him too, he made multiple knives appear around him and sent them straight for Crystal.
