 *****Hi dear readers, DM23 is back. So the start of the fourth story arc begins now (if I had to give it a title like the other arcs, I guess I'd call it Chaotic Creations). Like I said, I'm wrapping up a bunch of loose ends and really just getting things ready for the fifth story arc that's coming up. When I think about it, it seems like I've tried too hard (to please you guys) and the results are starting show. If I can't wrap everything up by the end of this story arc, or early in the fifth arc, then I'll have to put it on pause and pick it up in a sixth story arc. So expect to see a lot more villains that hasn't been getting the spotlight frequently, expect some more detailed explanation (and maybe some exposition), expect some new battlefields that hasn't been used before, and expect some more sex scenes involving your favorite heroes. --DM23*****

Heroes/Heroines mentioned

Commander Shinobay -- Force fields, Eye vision

Osprey -- Bird-like abilities

Ghost -- Invisibility, Intangibility

Zipper -- Enhanced Speed

Shell -- Bulletproof, Enhanced strength

Jasper -- Pyrokinetic, Flight (Temporarily Suspended)

Dark Matter -- Dark Matter Manipulation

Crystal -- Cryokinetic, Hydrokinetic

Hyper -- Flight, Hyperbeams

Cherry -- Teleporter, Martial artist

Dot -- Cat-like abilities

Dr. Walton -- Multitasking

***

Villains/Villainesses mentioned:

Dictator Jones - Mind control

Dr. Genie - Mad scientist specializing in splicing

*****

"And as you can see, the mall where the hero Dark Matter and the villain C4 fought in the city of Tulsa is completely ruined," reporter Don McMiner pointed behind. "Witnesses say that Dark Matter entered into the mall and immediately engaged in combat against C4 while civilians were still in the mall. Most civilians needed medical assistance, which they received after agents arrived on the scene."

"Thanks, Don," news anchorman Louis Carlton replied.

"That's a bunch of baloney!" Dark Matter glared as Commander Shinobay cut off the video that was playing over the table. "I saved a bunch of people in a clothing department and then proceeded to help anyone else that I came across . . . before I even met C4."

The heroes and heroines were gathered around the table watching the latest news covering the battles across the nation. None of them were depicted in a good light, especially Commander Shinobay and Dr. Walton who fought Dictator Jones and Dr. Genie. Even Jasper received negative news as they said he chose to do the easy work instead of helping any of his comrades.

"Don't listen to their words, Dark Matter," Commander Shinobay frowned. "The news mildly praises us since they're always looking for chinks in our armor."

"Yeah, I see it as a way to keep me from getting all high and mighty," Osprey grinned before scowling again. "It's just that it kind of gets depressing when you know you did something right but that's not what's important to them."

"I know right," Ghost agreed. "They talked about how late I arrived at the crime scene. Where was the family that I saved prior to our fight?"

"Yeah, thirteen dead cops," Cherry sighed. "Not twenty, thirty, or any number higher than that. I understand the partially destroyed building, that was more my fault, but there wasn't even a thank you."

"You guys don't even know half the story for me," Hyper laughed. "Mistress was trying to squeeze the life out of me during our battle. I also saved a family, Ghost, but that didn't show up on the news either."

"At least none of you stupidly went to the desert," Crystal rolled her eyes. "I was getting baked, fried, and grilled while I was being beaten by Ruthless."

"I had to fight a lion, a bear, and Pterror," Dot informed. "But all they said about me was that I wasn't able to control the animals that was running rampant from the zoo. I don't even have that type of power!"

"At least you guys knew where to go," Commander Shinobay added. "I walked into the wrong building and needlessly fought a bunch of security guards. I also had to go up against Dictator Jones and Pterror simultaneously. I even had Dr. Walton's assistance, but that also meant I was on double protection duty. But what did they say about me? Too much damage, too much time, and too slow. Well, I guess I should apologize for not being a microwave since I'm obviously an expired product."

"Are you guys serious?" Jasper grumbled, surprising everyone. "Exempting Dark Matter, I thought you guys were used to this by now, but damn, what a sorry state you guys are. Who cares if everything they say isn't accurate? I sure don't. They've been using me as news fodder since I started, but am I complaining? Not in the slightest. If they didn't see me do something heroic in times of peril, that doesn't mean I didn't help. It just means they need better glasses."

The other heroes, even Commander Shinobay, burst out laughing as Jasper's short speech eased their tension. In a sense, he was right. The news wasn't there to witness any of the nationwide battles, so their accusations shouldn't affect the heroes and heroines that much.

"Well, in hindsight, I guess it's time to get to the real reason I called for this meeting," Command Shinobay began. "The United Nations aren't too happy with the United States right now. I know it's not true, but the global leaders are saying that the whole thing was staged and that Dictator Jones was used to get highly classified information out of their minds."

"That's not true," Cherry repeated.

"We know it's not, but it's the President's job to convince the global leaders that wasn't the case," the Commander replied. "As it is, they want Dictator Jones prosecuted by the International Court of Justice."

"But if they tried to do that, wouldn't he try and take control of the world again?" Ghost asked.

"Yeah, then it would happen all over again," Shell frowned.

"Of course, the President knows that and is currently trying to persuade the other countries to take notice of those negative possibilities," Commander Shinobay informed sadly. "Unfortunately, the other nations believe their heroes are capable of standing against such a threat."

"Other nations have heroes?" Dot asked, surprised. In fact, the other heroes were surprised to find that the other nations had heroes and villains.

"Of course they do," Commander Shinobay nodded. "But, the President doesn't want to hand Jones over to them. Plus, Jones is a citizen of the United States, so the President wants him prosecuted by the Supreme Court."

"What do you want us to do?" Osprey asked.

"Stay on high alert for the most part," Commander Shinobay answered. "The other villains might try to stage an attempt to free Dictator Jones if he finds a way to mind control them."

"Wouldn't they stage an attempt even if he didn't?" Crystal asked, confused.

"They might, but Dr. Genie expressed her hatred for Dictator Jones during the battle," Commander Shinobay responded. "I'm sure the other villains feel the same way. However, whether they do or not, if Dictator Jones finds a way to use his abilities, then we're looking a prison escape attempt that's about to take place, so I'm going to assign a couple of you to be in the area to assist in case it does happen."

"Will we be taking shifts?" Dark Matter inquired.

"Yeah, I'll write up a schedule later," Commander Shinobay answered. "Also, I didn't want to tell you this, but the President has called off the celebration party because --" 

"You've got to be kidding me!" Zipper yelled.

"IT'S BECAUSE," the Commander said sternly, "he doesn't feel comfortable with throwing a party until the United Nations withdraws their accusation dealing with Dictator Jones."

"Thanks Dictator Jones," Zipper spat.

"However, that doesn't mean we can't hold one ourselves," Commander Shinobay smiled. "To celebrate our victory over Dictator Jones and his nefarious plans, we'll be hosting a party this weekend. Also, we'll be celebrating Crystal's birthday since it's this Saturday as well, so make sure you get enough snacks and treats for everyone and enough presents for Crystal. This meeting is adjourned."

With the meeting over, the heroes and heroines left the Meeting Room and went their separate ways. Before Crystal could snag him to their room, Dark Matter quickly left, stating that he wanted to go help repair the damages that he and C4 made back in Tulsa. As it was, Crystal found herself alone for the moment and she decided to get some breakfast in the Tower's café.

Most of the agents were already eating when she arrived. Greetings were exchanged and few questions were asked, but everyone was busy doing what she wanted to do: eating. She stepped in line and ordered one of her favorite breakfast cuisines. When she received her meal, Crystal found an empty table to think to herself and began eating her meal. She would've been halfway finished if it wasn't for one small thing . . .

"Hey Crystal," another agent greeted.

Crystal knew that voice. It belonged to that one guy she desperately wanted to avoid. Not because there was anything wrong him physically, but it was his obsession with her that made her want as little contact with him as possible. As a matter of fact, she even forgot his name. Was it Kyle, Colin, or Jack? Whatever it was, she'll most likely get it wrong anyway, so she might as well wing it.

"Hey Cole," she smiled grimly at him.

His smile grew bigger when he noticed she remembered her name. It wasn't just him she found herself smiling at, though. There was also a female agent (at least that's what she believed) standing beside him that Crystal had seen before. Backtracking, Crystal remembered her face when the heroes and heroines had gone to the White House after Max, now Dark Matter, had supposedly died. She was Jasper's date. Oh no, she hoped this wasn't going where she thought it was going.

"Can we sit here?" Cole asked, though he didn't wait for an answer. "So what's the latest news with the villains these days?"

"Nothing much, we're just making sure they don't cause a ruckus in any of the cities," Crystal replied. "Mostly, we're making sure they don't try and break Dictator Jones out of prison."

"Would they even know where to look?" Cole asked.

"Sure, the news loves to broadcast people's misfortune," Crystal answered. "And Dictator Jones is no different. If they want to know where he is, then the news has already informed them, since they repeat the same thing all day long. And if they repeatedly miss the news, then they can always look it up on a computer."

"Are you guys going to take turns or will it just be one person guarding him?" Cole inquired.

"Commander Shinobay said we'll be taking turns," Crystal stated. "He said that he'll have to make a schedule for when it's our turn to stand watch."

"Does he want any agents there as well?" Cole continued to ask.

"He didn't say anything about agents accompanying us," Crystal informed. "He might not have thought about it or it was done intentionally to keep Dictator Jones from getting pawns."

"You think we'll succumb that easily?" Cole raised a brow.

"Have you read Dictator Jones' file?" Crystal asked back. "Do you know what he's capable of?"

"Mind control, Crystal," Cole smirked. "Unfortunately, he's been at it long enough to where it's become a threat to anyone within his range. On the plus side, with the power lockers coming into play, we won't have to deal with that problem."

"And what's going to stop a bunch of villains from running you guys over if you're the ones guarding him?" Crystal asked. "Heroes fight villains, Cole. The agents are there to make sure the minions don't take advantage of the villains' distractions as well as protecting and removing civilians from harm's way."

"Do you think of yourself that high and mighty or do you think that low of us?" Cole asked. 

"That's the same thing, Cole, and I don't think about it at all," Crystal shrugged. "But if you want to go toe to toe with a villain then be my guest."

"Would it change your perception of me?" Cole smirked again.

"Not in the slightest," Crystal replied instantly.

"Well, at least I have someone on my side," Cole said suavely, looking at the female agent sitting beside him, making her squirm with embarrassment.

Oh no, this is going where she thought it was going.

"This is Tamika Bells," Cole introduced. "Tamika, as you know, this is Crystal."

"Hi, nice to meet you," Tamika greeted, extending her hand.

"It's nice to meet you as well," Crystal replied, shaking her hand. She couldn't help but to keep her grin plastered to her face. One frown and Cole would have thought he won. "How long have you two been going out?"

"A couple of months," Cole grinned proudly. "We've been going real steady and smooth to make sure we're both comfortable with anything new we're trying out."

A couple of months would make that right after Crystal embarrassed him in front of that elevator. Even though her smile didn't falter, Crystal knew Cole didn't have a close relationship at the time to fall back on during his emotional turmoil. He was too busy trying to make one with her.

That meant their relationship was a fake.

It also confirmed Crystal's suspicions that Cole wasn't over her and wanted to see her again while smothering his new, yet false, relationship in her face. That's a good way to kill two birds with one stone.

Then again, it could actually true and Crystal was just overthinking things again. If that was the case, then Crystal was happy that Cole found someone.

"So, what things have you tried out?" Crystal asked.

"I'm getting her comfortable with raw sex," Cole replied.

"Well, as long as you two stay together, I don't see how anything could go wrong," Crystal said.

"I have no doubt we'll be staying together for a long time," Cole replied, looking at Tamika again.

Crystal wasn't mistaken now. Whatever doubts she had about her belief in regards to their relationship was now a puff of steam. How did she know? Tamika wasn't paying attention to their conversation. Of course, that could mean anything, but Crystal had been watching Tamika via her peripheral vision since Cole officially introduced her and from what Crystal could tell, Tamika was bored.

It was the type of boredom where something was taking up time longer than usual and someone had grown out of patience. Since Tamika was now bored, Crystal knew it was most likely her that was running the relationship. Which meant them going steady and smooth was a lie as well. They were probably fucking like bunnies just as she and Dark Matter were. Also, since Tamika was running the relationship, Crystal got the notion that Tamika didn't want to be with Cole. She hated to sound like Jasper, but that opened up a huge door of suggestions of what was really going on.

First, Cole was Tamika's slave, no doubt about that.

Second, they weren't fucking like bunnies. Tamika was actually fucking someone else (although not often) while making sure Cole got little action with her at all. But to make sure Cole stayed interested, she was giving him weekly action that he had to be looking forward to and even that was based off of Cole's behavior.

Third, whoever was fucking Tamika was the one who forced her to take part in the relationship. Most likely, it was because Cole had chosen her when he was emotionally low after the confrontation by the elevator, which immediately made her his keeper. That was a long shot, Crystal knew it, but there really wasn't that many people who would make the girl they're having sex with date another guy just to keep that guy happy. That also meant Cole had met the guy fucking Tamika.

Fourth, since Tamika was getting fucked by this guy that meant she was most likely indebted to this person since she wouldn't be fucking with Cole in the first place. And being in debt to this person was something Tamika didn't like. Was the sex good enough? Hold that thought . . . no the sex wasn't good enough for her. Which meant Tamika was forcing herself to fuck with a guy who was sexually average at best while holding back from Cole to make sure he wasn't tired from all the sex Tamika wanted to have. That meant Cole was better than the guy fucking Tamika.

Lastly, since Tamika was holding back from Cole, that meant she DID want to be with Cole, even though it wasn't like that in the first place. It was probably her job as his keeper that kept her from liking him in the beginning, but now that their fake relationship had gone on long enough, she was going through that 'realization' phase where she was sorting out her conflicted feelings. He probably did something honest and genuine as a real gentleman whenever Tammy was upset over something and she was beginning to see him in a new light. This made her want their 'fake' relationship actually real and permanent, which meant she had work to do. And as little as she needed to do, it was still going to be hard. She would have to keep the other females away from Cole and get out of debt from the guy that was fucking her. Oh, and make sure Cole stays away from Crystal no matter what.

Blinking back her surprise, Crystal couldn't but let her smile grow to the sides of her face as she looked at Tamika.

"Cole, let's go," Tamika said, gulping as she watched Crystal's eyes bore into hers.

"Now?" Cole replied, oblivious to what had transpired between the girls.

"Yes," Tamika clenched her teeth. She had noticed Crystal making subtle facial expressions while Cole was talking and realized she wasn't paying attention to what he was talking about. It was then that Tamika noticed that the heroine was thinking heavily on something and from the way Tamika watched her eyes flicker between the two of them, Tamika knew Crystal was catching on to them. And when Crystal smiled at her, Tamika knew their ploy had been seen through. "There are things we need to do."

"But I still have three minutes to talk," Cole pointed out.

"If you talk for three minutes, then you get no sex for three weeks!" she growled in his ear.

"Sorry, Crystal, I just remembered there are things that we need to do," Cole said as he all but jumped out of his seat.

"See you guys later," Crystal waved as they walked away. As she watched them leave, Cole leaned in to ask her something and was given a smack upside the head. "That was surprisingly fun."

Finished with her meal as well, Crystal disposed of it and left to clean up their destructive mess across the nation.

*****

"I take it that everything's going as planned?" Dr. Genie asked as she stepped into the room.

"Of course, you have nothing to worry about," a man replied.

"Don't say that," Dr. Genie glared. "If I begin to worry, then there's a legitimate reason why I'm doing so."

"What is there to worry about?" the man asked. "You're the leader of the villains, Dictator Jones is behind bars, and your little toy is in space. I'd say everything is going according to plan."

"It wasn't supposed to be like this," Dr. Genie snapped. "Dictator Jones was supposed to be the face of terror with his selfish dreams while I pull the strings from behind the scenes. I can't do that with him gone."

"So you're going to bring him back?" he asked.

"Are you crazy?" Dr. Genie growled. "Why would I do something as stupid as that?"

"You just said you wanted to be behind the scenes," the man answered.

"Yeah . . . from Dictator Jones," Dr. Genie said. "There was no suspicion of me when Dictator Jones believed he was in control. Even when he was mad at me, I was still a doctor that was pushing his buttons in his eyes. If I rescue him from prison, then we'll just be vying for power until he goes back." 

"So the problem is that you don't have a choice but to lead the villains?" he inquired.
