 "There is no way the first Batman movie was as good as Batman Begins!" Jessica gave Ian an outraged look.

"I think they're just tapping into different parts of the batman mythology. Nolan was going for the post Miller batman, and Burton was going for the lighter stuff from the early 80's." Said Ian, leaning forward a little in his seat.

"I have no idea what you're talking about, but just because they're channeling different types of Batman doesn't matter. Nolan was channeling a better Batman."

There was silence for a minute "Anyone else hungry?" Asked Paul.

"Yeah I could go for some IHOP before heading home." Said Shelley.

"Is your sister still in town?" Asked Paul.

"Yup," said Jessica "She's staying in town until..."

Just then the car died, they started rolling slowly to a stop, and Paul turned off the road and eased down on the brakes. "Oh man what the hell!" said Paul.

"Did the engine really just shut off for no reason?" Asked Jessica.

"Yeah and now it won't goddamn start." Paul turned the key a few times, but the starter didn't even activate.

"Dammit!" Paul popped the hood and got out of the car, "Hold on a minute."

"Here I'll help." Ian got out after Paul.

After a minute Shelley called out "How's it going Paul?"

There was no response.

"Paul? Ian?"

"This is getting seriously creepy." Said Jessica.

Shelley pulled out her phone "I'm not getting a signal."

"Me neither."

Jessica felt a deep fear in the pit of her stomach, the kind you only feel when you realize you are in deep, deep trouble. Then Jessica noticed a figure standing off on the side of the road, directly across from her window. It was dark, so she couldn't make out any of his features. The figure began walking towards the car. He didn't move like anyone Jessica had ever met. It was too smooth, it reminded her of her cat.

"Shelley." Jessica could hear the panic in her voice.

Shelley turned to regard the figure. "Paul! Paul! Where are you?" Jessica locked the doors as Shelley started to cry.

Then the figure reached the car, and Jessica screamed when she saw his face. His skin had a greenish cast, and his face was too smooth and angular to be entirely human. Even the "whites" of his eyes were tinted green. Then he smiled, and Jessica could see that his teeth were filed to points. No, not filed, they were naturally sharp, like the teeth of a shark. The man, if that's what he was, fiddled with something on his wrist, and the car doors unlocked. As the man opened the door, Jessica brought up her can of pepper spray and sprayed him full in the face. The man blinked and looked mildly irritated, then raised a black, shiny tube, and Jessica knew no more.

...

Rosemary shifted irritably in the seat of the scanner station. She had been searching fruitlessly for any sign of the Hierarchy ship. Rose had instructed Rhombus that sensors were first in repair priority, even though there were plenty of other damaged systems. Finding the first son before he could do any more damage was absolutely essential. By the time the sensors were fully functional, the first son was nowhere to be found. He had covered his tracks well, weaving through orbiting satellites to disrupt his exhaust trail and landing on the far side of the planet from where the battle had taken place. Rose was beginning to despair, Hierarchy automated repair systems were far superior to their own. Even with Rhombus focusing on repairs, if they couldn't find the first son soon he would most likely be able to complete his repairs before them and easily destroy their ship.

Just as frustration was giving way to anger, Rose found something. The sensors picked up a radiation signature that definitely wasn't native to the planet. It was found almost exclusively in solid state hyperdrive cores. She was only able to narrow the hit down to a twenty square mile area. Unfortunately, focusing on the area the leak was located in didn't reveal any more information, since the sensors still weren't at a hundred percent. The clever little monster had probably hidden his ship underground to scramble his signal. The only reason she could pick him up at all was because his damaged hyperdrive was leaking radiation.

Rose signaled Rhom. "I've found him."

"You did? Where?"

"He landed in a small mountain community in the middle of one of the main continents. Looks like it has a lot of old mines."

"Just the type of place you'd want to hide out in while you repair your ship."

"Exactly, and too far from the local civilization to attract a response."

"I wouldn't call what they have down there civilization."

"Now Rhom, don't be mean, and prepare the skiff for orbital entry."

"Look, Rose, are you sure you want to go after him? I can have the weapon systems up in about eight hours. Now that we know where he is we can just blast him from orbit once I get them back online."

"It's not worth the risk. You know how fast the Hierarchy can repair their ships, and besides, if we can't locate his ship exactly, we'd have to destroy the entire area, and I am not willing to kill all those people."

"You know, when your mom finds out I let you do this..."

Rose voice was coldly furious "My mother is not part of this conversation."

"... Alright boss, it's your skin I guess. I have a shuttle that's ready to go, and I've managed to coax a pretty badass weapon package out of the fabricator. If you have to fight this guy, might as well go armed and dangerous."

"Thanks, Rhom. I'll keep in regular contact with you. If you lose contact with me and get the weapons online, try to keep civilian casualties to a minimum."

"Of course, and boss."

"Yes Rhom?"

"Be back soon."

...

Jessica awoke to the incongruous scents of musty old hay, cinnamon, and jello. She looked around as her eyes came back into focus. She appeared to be in a barn, the floor was wide and covered with the hay she had smelled. She looked to the center of the barn, and the man was there with an unconscious Paul. He was sprinkling something on him, and where it fell mold began to rapidly spread. Paul winced slightly and furrowed his brow, but otherwise had no other reaction. "Paul! Oh God! Paul!!"

The man stood up and started walking towards her. Behind him, the mold continued to spread, and Paul's foot spasmed slightly. Jessica started toward Paul, but she smacked into some sort of invisible force after no more than a step. She heard a noise and looked to her left. Shelley was on the ground next to her, stirring back into consciousness.

Then the man was in front of her. There was a ripple in the force between them, and the man reached through to grab her. Jessica screamed and began battering at him, but he barely acknowledged her blows. He grabbed her shirt in both hand, and with no apparent effort tore it off. With another snatch, her bra was ripped from her. Jessica unconsciously put her hands to her bare breasts, but the man yanked her hands away and trapped them behind her. Then he smiled his shark toothed grin, and leaned forward. She could tell he was leaning in for a kiss, but at the last second leaned lower and started sucking gently on one of her breasts. He took a nipple into his mouth and started gently running his tongue over it. Jessica struggled desperately, fighting back tears. When the man's tongue ran over her nipple, it hardened instantly and became hyper sensitive. Every bump from his tongue set off a sharp firework of pleasure on her nipple. Then heat started to slowly creep up her breast. Jessica continued to thrash her head back and forth, making angry sounds of protest. He moved to the other nipple, taking even more of her breast in his mouth, making a deep sucking motion. She could feel his teeth scraping against her breasts, and instead of stinging they felt great. By this point Jessica had stopped thrashing her head. She was a little turned on, a little scared, and whole lot confused. What exactly is going on here? A calm, dissociated part of her mind asked herself.

Then Jessica heard a moan to her left, behind the man. She peeked over his shoulder, and saw a girl a few years younger than herself on the ground. She was on her back, spread eagled, her belly big and round between her thighs. Her moan drifted off into a series of pants, and as Jessica watched the girl's belly swelled even more, going through what looked like months of pregnancy in a few seconds. As Jessica watched, she could actually see the girl's belly button slowly push out.

By this point the heat from the stranger's mouth had reached her head, and was pooling in her belly. Jessica was breathing slow and deep, her train of thought was softening into a hazy, vague arousal. The calm voice in her mind was quieter now, but it was still there: If I don't do something right this second, I'm going to be with that girl on the floor in a little while. 

 

The stranger got down on his knees in front of her, and unbuttoned her jeans, exposing the panties she was hoping to show off to Paul later. Summoning what was left of her will, she brought up a knee that connected with his chin. Taken by surprise, the stranger fell back on his butt, legs sprawled at an awkward angle. Jessica whirled around, looking for the exit, but her attention was drawn to Shelly. Shelley was banging on the barrier of the cell she was in, the only visual evidence of its existence was a slight ripple. Jessica's already scrambled mind was frozen with indecision, she had to get Shelly out of here too.

Then she felt an arm snake around her neck, and the stranger's head came to rest on her shoulder. she brought her hands to the stranger's arm and pulled with all of her might. People never thought of cheerleaders as real athletes, but Jessica could hold Shelley over her head for 45 seconds straight, she could bench press 130 pounds. She could not, however, budge the stranger's arm, not one inch. The stranger brought his other hand up and fiddled with his wrist, and in front of her shelly was replaced with... a reflection of Jessica and the stranger, arm wrapped around her. The stranger's reflection looked directly into her eyes, and he almost looked... impressed?

Then the stranger stuck two fingers of his free hand into his mouth and sucked on them for a few seconds. Then he slowly lowered them down the front of her body. Her eyes were locked on his fingers even as she desperately tried to budge the stranger's arm. She watched as they moved between the mounds of her breasts and down over her belly. Even while straining, Her clit started to wind up with anticipation. Then they slipped below the elastic of her panties, and started rubbing her clit with strong, slow strokes. Jessica moaned and started to breathe faster. Her grip on his arm loosened and her hands slipped away. His fingers, covered with his saliva, were tightening her groin into knots and stoking his heat in her belly to a bonfire. It felt like he was rubbing arousal straight into her. She felt sharp bites of tingling pleasure with each deliberate, powerful stroke of his fingers across her clit. In half a minute, she was totally lost in the sensation of his touch, "Oh god, oh yeah, yeah..."

She felt the waves of pleasure winding her tighter and tighter, felt an orgasm building in her lower belly that felt like it would destroy her utterly. Before she could climax, the stranger pulled his fingers away. She gave a little cry of protest and disappointment, the same one she made when her football team missed a field goal.

The stranger's hands moved to the waist of her unzipped jeans, and slowly started to pull them down. Now intent on chasing that orgasm, Jessica wiggled her hips to help him get her pants down. She watched her reflection as her jeans slowly slid down her thighs, exposing he well toned legs, still tanned from a long summer in shorts. She watched with a sense of anticipation as the stranger slowly lowered her panties from her waist, exposing her dark, full bush to the open air.

The stranger stood behind her again, his face appeared, smiling, over her shoulder. He locked eyes with her again through the mirror, and he slowly pressed into her back. Arousal and shock raced through her as she felt skin to skin contact; the stranger had removed his own clothes before standing. As he pressed into her back, she felt something hot and animated wiggling against her ass. It moved over one cheek, then the other, exploring her back and shanks. When it started to burrow into her crack, she clenched her anus and gave a small cry of discomfort. She saw the stranger smirk, and the thing pulled away, going lower, pushing between her thighs. The stranger ground his groin into her ass and used a knee to coax her legs apart a little, allowing the thing to move under her.

Jessica broke eye contact with the stranger and looked down the length of her body, and she saw it emerging from between her thighs. It was about as thick as a man's thumb, but tapered at the end. The tapered tip was a deeper green than the rest of the stranger's skin. It moved with a prehensile grace, questing over the front of her thighs like a hunting cat, or maybe a moray eel. She squirmed as her belly tightened up in anticipation. Staring at this thing exploring her most personal space let a little bit of terror break through her arousal, and she started to breath deeper and faster. The stranger stroked her hair and gave her a lingering kiss on the neck, and she calmed a bit, breath slowing and deepening again. As she stared at her groin in the mirror the thing... his dick? Found her cleft, and as she watched in the mirror it started to push its way into her, expanded and contracting slowly. She could feel it moving into her with almost glacial slowness, creating a tight, heavy pressure in her gut. The space inside her that she usually wasn't aware of suddenly becoming the center of her world. After what felt like hours, it stopped moving forward, embedded deep in her slit.

Jessica's eyes were riveted to her crotch as she watched the tendril move back and forth where it entered her. She could see the skin of her abdomen rippling as it pressed against her inner walls as it explored her. Maybe it was because she could actually see it as it moved in her, but she could feel every twitch of the tendril as it explored her birth canal, her uterus. Eventually it moved up to her cervix, and the pain she usually experienced being hit there turned into sharp, intense pleasure as strong as a tongue flicking on her clit. Under this assault of overwhelming sensation, her breathing had spread up. Him moving inside of her sent shocks of pressure and pleasure in equal measure. Gradually she squatted and pressed her ass backwards into him, giving herself to him completely. He pressed into her in turn. He didn't thrust like a normal man, but he moved his hips side to side and in circles as he directed his tendril to move in her, rough and fast, then slow and gentle.

She felt him start to heat up, and the movements of his tendril got stronger, pressing the walls of her uterus. She saw the base of it jerking back and forth where it disappeared into her. A scream drew her attention, and in the mirror she looked down at the girl on the ground. She was crying out, repeating "Oh my God" over and over, squeezing her breasts as her belly swelled out so far it forced her legs to spread apart.

That small, distant part of her that had been observing what had happened to her, and had helped her muster her will to resist spoke again, in barely a whisper: He's getting ready to come. I can feel it in me and behind me. He's going to come in me and make me like her. I have a few more seconds where I could get away, but once he comes in me that's it. I'm going to end up on the ground, just like that girl.

Jessica looked up from the girl on the ground and into the deep green eyes of the strange man. He had a huge smile on his face, and his eyes were triumphant. One hand was on her shoulder and the other was resting on her belly possessively. Acting on her voice one last time, Jessica straightened her hips and tried to pull away, but the stranger pressed on her belly and pulled her back into him. When her ass smacked into his crotch, he finally came. He opened his mouth wide and let out a long, satisfied exhale. His tendril was spasming rapidly at the point where it disappeared into her cleft, pulsing rhythmically as fluid moved through it. Jessica never felt it when Paul came in her, but she could feel this. It was just between warm and hot, the temperature of perfect coffee, and there was so much of it. It felt like gallons were being pumped into her, filling her like a water balloon. She gasped with each pulse, overwhelmed with the feeling of this alien pumping his seed in her, caught between love for the sensation, and despair at what it meant.

Then at last it was over. The man pulled out of her. She ached as he left her, then she collapsed on her knees, exhausted and spent. The man stood up and fiddled with a bracelet on his wrist, and his clothes just flowed back over him. Then he walked out of her field of vision. Jessica slumped over onto her back and stared up at the ceiling of the barn. Gradually, the arousal left her body, but a languorous passivity remained, sapping her will to move or take action.

Well that's it. He's in me now. Maybe it won't be so bad.

 

Then she felt a ripple in her belly. She looked down, surveying her flushed and sweaty body. She looked down at her flat stomach, and she could see ripples playing in the muscles beneath her skin. Then Jessica felt a sharp jab in her belly, and it spread down between her legs. When it reached her clit she was once again overwhelmed by stimulation. It was like when the stranger had rubbed her clit with his saliva coated fingers, only stronger and more concentrated. She arched her back and cried out as the waves of pleasure coursed through her body. When the wave had passed she looked down at herself again. Her stomach was no longer flat, it curved out a few inches just above her groin. Jessica felt fear stirring in the pit of her swollen stomach, but at the same time a larger part of her was looking forward to the waves returning.

Not bad at all... mmmm.....

 

Jessica was left lying on the ground, lost in a blissful haze as she sank into the rhythm of pleasure and growth.

...

Sheriff Katherine Welles was annoyed. This wasn't an unusual state for her. Being a female sheriff, a young female sheriff, the first female sheriff in this backwoods podunk town, was an endless stream of irritation at the hands of her male coworkers and neighbors. They still couldn't believe she had won the election. They just couldn't understand how she had beaten Old Sheriff McGropey Grope. This just proved to Katherine that most men either didn't talk to their wives or forgot women had the vote now. She never planned on coming back here after she had been discharged, but her mom was sick and needed looking after, so she was stuck here until she got better or... well she tried not to think about that "or."

Welles was driving up 235, looking for the car of miss Jessica Handlin. She had been out at the movies with her friends and had never made it home. She had probably just stayed the night at one of those friends' houses, but apparently none of them had made it home either. Calling to see if a bunch of twenty-somethings had ended up in someone else's bed was just another irritation for her, but their bible thumping parents had insisted. So she was checking the routes from the theatre to the kid's houses, seeing if they had snuck booze into the theatre and driven off the road.

Out of the corner of her eye Kat saw a flash. It was the light from her head lights reflecting of something on the side of the road. Kat spun her police cruiser in a screeching U-turn, a trick she had picked up overseas but that was not standard police procedure. She pulled off the road, and her headlights illuminated Jessica's car. Ah ha, found you. It was not quite what she expected though. The car did not look wrecked, and a cursory examination revealed the car to be empty. Suddenly, this didn't seem like another case of twentysomethings sneaking away from their parents. Not quite able to put the pieces together, she radioed the office.
