 This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18+ years old.

***

Walking through the passage underground... passing symbols scrawled onto the walls...a slender, female hand holds my hand, guiding me along... she's naked, swaying as she draws me along the passage...between her legs, long, thick meat that swings as she walks, swings, swings, swings like a pendulum...she turns to me and smiles – beautiful, so sweet, so feminine – as she grasps her cock... the walls give way and slide apart, revealing a huge hall... symbols everywhere, enormous statues of beautiful women with big breasts and bigger dicks... and in the centre of the hall, two huge stone mounds, from which grows a huge stone tower...it disappears as it meets the ceiling...

I woke up sweaty and panting. I looked around desperately for the woman who was leading me, that beautiful goddess with the huge dick between her legs. Eventually, I calmed down and headed outside. It was early morning, and the sun was blazing just beyond the dunes. After a light breakfast – all I could stomach in this heat – we got to work. Returning to the tunnel, Jamie, Natasha and I set about trying to find a hidden door. But there was nothing. Not a trace of a door or opening. No cracks, no draughts. Nothing. Perplexed, we returned to the surface. I told Natasha and Jamie to begin transcribing the writing on the tunnel walls while I headed into town. As I set off to gather information, Natasha stopped me.

"Doc," she cried out, jogging after me. "Can we talk for a moment?"

"Of course," I said.

"Last night," she began, but trailed off.

"Yeah," I said, unable to finish. "I – I don't know what that was."

"I do," she said. "It finally happened. I've been into you for so long, and it finally happened. Which is why I was so offended when you just backed away. You know, jizzed all over me and then went all stony and quiet."

"Natasha," I began. "I – I'm sorry if I offended you. I wasn't quite myself yesterday. But you're just not... you're not what I want or need right now."

I left her there, offended and on the verge of tears as I set off into the main town. In the centre, a large square surrounding the obelisk, I found a small café. I decided to stop and ask a few questions of the locals. Sitting at the bar, I ordered an ice-cold Coke and struck up conversation with the woman beside me. She was local, with a thick, rich accent and a big, shiny smile. Amira, her name was. I asked her a few questions about the town itself, its history, its people. Then, seeing that she was knowledgeable about the area, I produced a piece of paper on which I had drawn the mysterious symbol. 

"Do you know what this means?" I asked her.

"Of course," she said. "It is the symbol of our god."

"Your god?" I asked.

"It has no name," she explained. "It has no form, no place, no time. It just is. It is older than this town, this country, this land. It is a concept that exist for all time."

"What is your god?" I asked.

"I cannot explain," she said. "It would sound silly, I bet, to an outsider. I can only show."

"Then let's go," I exclaimed. 

I entered Amira's house with great excitement. Perhaps I could finally find out what was behind these strange visions that were making me hunger for cock. She stopped as we entered a plush living room, and turned around. She smiled at me for a long time. My God! she was beautiful. Then, slowly, seductively, she parted her robe and cast it to the floor. 

I gasped in shock as, tumbling from the folds of her falling robe, Amira's cock swayed between her legs. It was a captivating sight, seeing this utter contrast between a beautiful female body and the raw power and magnitude of a meaty cock. For a long time, I stayed there, staring at her gorgeous body, her big, plump tits, her huge appendage. 

"I see the desire is getting to you already," Amira said seductively. "Why don't you come and give it a kiss?"

Dropping to my knees, I crawled until I was kneeling at Amira's feet. She smiled down at me as I planted a soft kiss on the head of her cock before placing my face against her hard organ and closing my eyes, humming as I inhaled the smell and aura of her girl-meat. I nuzzled her hardening meat like an affectionate dog, grateful of his owner's attention. Then, hungering for more, I slowly engulfed the length of her dick in my mouth, sighing as my mouth was filled with the warmth and deliciousness of cock. Coating the thick shaft in saliva, I bobbed my head back and forth, rubbing her cock with my lips and tongue and arousing moans of pleasure from her. Looking up, I could see her cooing and smiling at me, and I felt her hand running through my hair and pushing my face forward as her hips thrusted to meet my face. 

"I knew the power of our god was great," she said as I kept sucking, "but never have I seen the cock-lust manifested so powerfully. It is as if you were born to serve It."

"It's just so good," I said as I pulled away, breaking the strings of saliva that linked her cock-head to my lips. "It's all I can think about; the taste, he warmth, the feeling of hard meat in my hands, in my mouth... inside of me..."

"Ah yes," she said. "Once the revelation comes, there is no turning back. Once the light is shed, and the true magic of the cock exposed, a man cannot turn back to the pussy."

Sucking with renewed hunger, all the while fondling her huge, pendulous balls, I felt that she was approaching orgasm. I sucked faster and started using my hands, jacking her off while I suckled on her cock-head and flickered my tongue across the sensitive slit at the tip. And then she came, and what a show it was! Her body, first of all, went suddenly rigid, her ass cheeks tightening and her abs contracting, thrusting her groin further into my mouth. Then, I felt her balls tighten up and contract in my hand and, finally, her cock jolt violently as the first lashing of cum spurted into my mouth. A second, third, fourth, and I don't know how many more, followed. Each rope was thick and warm, and spurted with incredible power into my mouth, stuffing my cheeks full and making my eyes bulge out. 

Pulling her big hard dick out of my mouth, Amira smiled as she watched my swallow her load and lick my lips to catch every last droplet of warm seed. Then, hungering for more, I licked up and down her thick shaft and suckled on her cock-head as she kept dribbling more cum. 

"You are just what we expected," she said with a proud, parental smile. "Your natural talent for pleasuring cock is incredible."

"You were expecting me?" I asked.

"The mystical power of this place draws in people like you," she explained. "People who just need a little push to realise what they truly need."

"Then why not bring everyone here?" I asked. "Why not give everyone this revelation."

"And then what?" Amira demanded. "We all bow down to Cock and the species dies out. The sad truth is that while the Cock is a vice, pussy is a necessity."

"I just..." I began. "I just don't get..." but I trailed off as Amira placed a finger on my lips and hushed me.

"Don't question it," she whispered. "Don't fight it. Now, do you want to fully submit to the glory of the cock?" she asked.

"Of course."

"Then strip," she said, "and bend over."

Eagerly, I stripped naked, and Amira blushed at the sight of my big, hard cock. She directed me to the sofa and pushed my head down so that my face was buried in the pillows and my ass was sticking up into the air. 

"Will it hurt?" I asked. "I mean, I've never taken anything up there..."

"That is not an issue," Amira said as she parted my ass cheeks and sank down to her knees, running her tongue in a long, slow motion over my asshole. I winced as a jolt of pleasure coursed through me, and Amira soon began licking in quick, flickering movements while rubbing my cock. "When the craving comes, the body adapts to suit its needs. Would it not be cruel to accompany out greatest pleasure with pain?"

Relieved, I snuggled up to the cushions as I reached behind me to spread my cheeks. I shivered in anticipation as I felt the pressure of a hard cock pressing on the puckered opening of my ass. Wincing, I felt my butthole slowly stretch to accommodate the relentless, pushing force of Amira's cock, until it was buried up to the balls in my tight little ass. But she was right; there was no pain: just the intense, exhilarating pleasure of being filled up to the brim with the warm, tender power of a hard cock.  

Amira began to thrust her hips, plunging her thick girl-cock into my asshole over and over, augmenting her pace with each thrust until she was ploughing into me with all the force of her slender little body. I listened to the hypnotic, rhythmic slapping of her thighs as they crashed into my ass with each stroke. Every so often it was punctuated with a moan or squeal of pleasure, which filled me with an intense pride; my asshole was providing so much pleasure for this beautiful, powerful goddess. I was suddenly aware of an orgasm overwhelming me, but barely felt the pleasure as it was dwarfed by the bliss of taking a cock up my ass. I simply watched my cum spurt from my cock, which was swinging back and forward as my entire body was shaken by Amira's powerful thrusting. 

For a long time, I was pummelled up the ass like this, bent over and squealing as I enjoyed the feeling of hard meat stretching me open. Trapped in an unrelenting wave of pleasure, I came a second time from my anal stimulation. Then, Amira blew her second load. I felt it coming a mile away; her thrusts suddenly got faster as she grabbed me by the hips to maximise her power; her cock pulsated and clenched inside me; her fingers clenched me with a vice-like grip as her body was overwhelmed. 

Suddenly, a great warmth filled me as a flood of hot fluids shot up my ass with the power of a fire hose. Several huge loads leapt from Amira's buried cock, filling my bowels to brimming with her juice. I groaned as I was filled up, and then sighed as Amira's huge dick slid out of my loosened asshole. The warm tickling sensation of her cum trickling out of my and down my thighs sent shivers through me. Amira granted me another session of dick-sucking, allowing me to lick her cum from her dripping shaft, before we sat together, exhausted. 

"That was..." I said, "That was incredible. I – I've never felt anything like that."

"I knew you would come to love our ways," she said.

"So there are more of you?" I asked. "I mean – you know... more people like you who've undergone the operation."

"The operation?" Amira asked, puzzled. 

"You know," I said, imploring her with my eyes to not make me say it. "You are a... shemale, right?"

As I said this, Amira burst out laughing.

"You think I am a man?" she asked with tears in her eyes. 

"Well, no, of course not," I stammered. "If you consider yourself a girl, that's entirely your – "

"I am a girl," she interjected. "I'm not some faker from the outside world. These gifts," she said, gesturing at her still-wet cock and balls, "were bestowed to me by our great god."

I stared blankly.

"To those who see the way of the cock, who crave the pleasure only It can bring, our god bestows the greatest gift of all; between our legs, a cock where once there was a pussy," Amira explained. 

"Wow," I said, astonished. "So all these other women who are so endowed – where might they be now?"

"In due time you too will be induced into our religion," Amira said. "But before then, I must know for certain that you are right for it."

And, leaning in, she kissed me as I straddled her and slotted her thick cock into my asshole once again. 

To be continued...