 Having taken my second assfucking of the day, I set off for camp once again, limping slightly from having had the shit fucked out of me. I spotted the tents on the horizon as the sun was beginning to sink, and by the time I reached my tent it was twilight. The sky had taken on a pale blue colour, dotted with the rags of clouds that glowed silver in the setting sun. The sand beneath my feet was growing cool; the air, once stifling, was breathable. It was a magical hour. 

Natasha was loitering outside her tent, the one beside mine, and she intercepted me. 

"Find anything out?" she asked, talking about work to avoid more awkward topics. 

"A lot," I said with a smile. "But not much I think you'd believe."

"Try me," Natasha said. 

And so I showed her into my tent, the very same in which we'd spent our torturous night of passion, and I sat her down on the camping bed I had ravaged her on. I set about recounting my day: the bar, Amira, her talk about an ancient deity. And then I paused a long time before I described in as little detail as I could while maintaining authenticity, what occurred at Amira's house. 

"This Amira," Natasha said, "You say she's a woman? Like an actual flesh-and-bone, XX-chromosome-having woman?" She laughed. "You must be shitting me!"

"It's true," I insisted. 

"Bollocks," she laughed. "What's happened here is you gave up this," she said, gesturing at her body, "and, feeling like an idiot went off and snagged yourself a tranny. Then you made up all this 'religion of the cock' bullshit to cover your dumb ass."

"Natasha," I said imploringly, "You've got to believe -" 

The silky, exotic tones of an all-too-familiar voice interrupted me, and I turned to see Amira standing in the opening of the tent.

"Sometimes when words fail," Amira said, "all that's needed is a little physical demonstration." 

And saying this, she cast down her robe, and all the glory of her naked form shone upon us. Natasha unwittingly opened her mouth in shock as Amira's big cock came into view. 

"All those who are exposed to the power of the cock will submit," Amira said, approaching us, her cock growing hard as she walked. Both Natasha and I stared in awe as the shaft grew thick and long, bulging up and down with veins. "Now," she said, "suck, and you will see the truth."

But Natasha was sceptical, torn between the beauty of Amira's form and her own prejudices. She didn't want to mess with a shemale, she said. 

"Feel my tits," Amira commanded. Natasha tentatively stepped forward and ran her hands over those perfect globes and gave them a squeeze. "Do these feel like plastic to you? Does this look like the body of a man to you?"

Natasha admitted that Amira was quite definitely a girl; just a very well-endowed one.

"Then you see that there is a higher power at work," Amira said. "Now, get down to your knees and learn the extent of that power."

And, as if entranced, Natasha sank to her knees and gave a long, drawn-out lick of Amira's cock, from head to base. Humming in pleasure at the taste of cock, Natasha opened wide and swallowed her entire length, lathering it in her saliva as she bobbed her head up and down on it. Amira cooed in pleasure as I joined Natasha, suckling on her hanging balls while she was fellated. Then I joined Natasha in tackling this huge dick, licking up and down the shaft while my assistant sucked on the head. As we sucked together, I felt my lips touch Natasha's, and before long we were making out while I jacked Amira off. But the cock was always on our minds, so we compromised, kissing with the shaft between our lips. Amira pushed our faces together to make for a tighter grip on her dick, and began fucking with little strokes, using our locked lips like a pussy. 

"You see what pleasure comes from the cock?" Amira said as Natasha pushed me away and swallowed her entire shaft, sucking voraciously. Natasha hummed her approval through a mouthful of meat, unwilling to stop sucking for a single second. 

As Natasha hungrily slobbered on Amira's cock, I crawled on all fours until I was behind her, where I spread her tight little ass cheeks and tucked in. With long, drawn-out licks, I tasted her warm, puckered asshole. Then, revelling in its flavour, I burrowed in, licking at her hole with renewed hunger, and burrowing deep into her ass with my tongue. Amira was clearly in a state of bliss, caught between these two forces of pleasure, and began moaning uncontrollably as she approached orgasm. 

As Natasha felt Amira's cock swell up between her lips, she pulled away and jacked her cock to orgasm. I desperately scrambled to be in the line of fire, opening my mouth wide just as Amira's cock lurched, spraying her first load. A second and third load leapt from her cock, painting both of our faces white.

For a while, Amira stood over us, slowly rubbing her dripping cock, as we knelt below her, looking up with shining eyes. Like little birds looking up at their nurturing mother. Or like loyal subjects looking up at their mighty goddess. In the flickering light cast by the oil lamp, Amira's body seemed to flicker with gold and amber, giving her an aura of divinity and power, and each drop of tasty cum that dripped into our waiting mouths was like a gift from the heavens. 

"Please, Amira," Natasha said, "Forgive what I said. I - I didn't see the truth, but now I do."

Amira simply smiled and ran her hand through Natasha's hair in a show of affection. 

"Please, Amira, my goddess," Natasha pleaded, "Allow me to feel your cock inside me!"

Amira smiled again, then told us both to strip naked. What followed was the most ridiculous, frenzied scramble to strip off our clothes, which ended in us kneeling, naked on the floor, flushed and breathing heavily. 

"Natasha, rise," Amira said. As she did so, Amira guided her to my bed and made her lean over and present her round little ass in the air. 

"What about me?" I asked.

"For now you will watch," she said. "You will not move or release the tension growing in you. Your time will come."

Humbled, and trusting in Amira, I watched lustfully as she sank her big, hard cock into Natasha's dripping pussy. Her cunt was so wet that there was a slight squelching sound as Amira's pussy slowly penetrated her. Moaning into a pillow, Natasha thrust her ass back to meet Amira's soft strokes, which were already starting to speed up and become more powerful, rocking Natasha's slender little frame back and forth. Amira kept fucking Natasha like so, but soon flipped her onto her back without even removing her cock from her cunt. She bore down on her, kissing her deeply as her cock pumped powerfully between her legs. I watched that huge piston of meat slamming into Natasha's cunt so powerfully that her entire body shook and pussy juices squirted out with each thrust, and I could hear Natasha crying out in pleasure even as she made out with Amira. 

Soon - inevitably - Natasha orgasmed, her body seizing up and her back arching as pleasure coursed through her from head to toe. Amira pulled out from her cunt just as she shot a shower of glistening juice into the air, then went down on her, licking her sopping pussy clean. 

"Now, my son," Amira said, standing up and licking the girl-cum from her lips. "It is your turn to demonstrate to our dear sister, Natasha, what the cock can do. It will be you who introduces her to the pleasures of the asshole."

"You're going to fuck me up the ass?" Natasha asked. "I'm not sure I'm ready for that..."

But, staying silent, I walked up to her and bent her over the bed. I plunged my dick into her gaping pussy so that the shaft was coated in her juice, then, lining up my cock-head with her virgin browneye, I sank inside her. Slowly and carefully sliding my thick cock into Natasha's asshole, I aroused a long, wavering moan from her. Then, she began to cry out loudly as I started thrusting into her asshole. I used long, slow strokes, pulling out almost entirely so that her anus went back to its natural shape, then ploughing back in balls-deep. But soon the need for power overcame me, so I started making smaller, but faster and more powerful, strokes, making Natasha squeal as this new, virgin recess of her body was pounded. 

"Switch to the pussy," Amira told me, "And lie on the bed." I obeyed, though I felt great disappointment in having to pull out of Natasha's lovely, tight asshole. Lying down on the bed, I let Natasha mount me, sliding my cock deep into her pussy. She slowly, gently rode me cock gyrating and grinding on my hard shaft, enjoying the feeling of its probing deep inside her. Then, as I watched her blissful face, her eyes suddenly bulged and she gave a sharp gasp as Amira swooped in from behind her and plunged her cock balls-deep inside her asshole. 

"Fuuuuuuck," Natasha moaned, throwing her head back as her body was stuffed full of meat. Seeing her in such a state drove me wild, and I started thrusting upwards into her soaking cunt, sloshing in her warm, wet tunnel. Amira, meanwhile, started gently assfucking her, and I could actually feel Amira's cock thrusting parallel to mine inside Natasha. As we double-penetrated Natasha, Amira and I exchanged a knowing glance; we had converted her fully. With a smile, I reached up to have a play with Natasha's nice little tits. She grinned at me between moans of intense pleasure, but then suddenly howled in renewed fervour as Amira started really pounding her. Unrelenting, with powerful thrusts of her hips, Amira slammed into Natasha's asshole over and over. Wanting to match this, I began to furiously fuck Natasha's pussy from below, thrusting upwards with all the strength of my body. I even wrapped my arms around her slender little body as I fucked her, increasing the power of my strokes. 

Natasha seemed to be surfing one huge wave of pleasure, attacked on both sides, the ecstasy never relenting but continuously augmenting. And then she came, giving a loud, undulating moan as an earth-shattering orgasm swept through her. I felt warm juices gushing down my cock and running onto my stomach as we fucked her to orgasm. Then, as the pleasure subsided, we relented our thrusting, allowing her to rest, panting, wide-eyed and flushed. 

But my cock was yearning to cum. And so, as Amira retracted her cock from Natasha's asshole, I flipped her onto her back and rammed my cock into the hole that Amira had just vacated. Furiously, I started fucking Natasha's ass with animalistic hunger. My body was thrusting with every inch of power it had, and I was somewhat aware of a deep roaring sound emanating from deep within me. Leaning over her to increase my power, I pushed Natasha's legs back so that her head was between her knees. Natasha was screaming and moaning uncontrollably as I pummelled her asshole, her fingers working frantically on her pussy. 

"Oh my fucking god," she was crying. "It's so fucking good! Fuck my asshole harder with that big, fat cock of yours Dr White! Fuck me harder! Please, please, please - harder - deeper!" I obliged, ravaging her butthole with all the fury I could muster. Amira was now squatting over Natasha, who hungrily suckled on her balls as she jerked herself off. Then she rammed her cock into her mouth, burying it balls-deep in her throat, and started to furiously skull-fuck her. I could see Natasha's eyes rolling in her skull as she choked on Amira's cock and struggled to take my savage ass-fucking. Her body was shivering and convulsing in pleasure as sweat sprang up all over her pale flesh. Her tits were bouncing like jelly as her body was ravaged, and her pussy was openly gushing her sweet juice with no sign of stopping. 

"I'm cumming again!" Natasha yelled as Amira dislodged her shaft from her throat. Then, the took her cock in her mouth again, hungrily sucking on Amira's tasty meat as she was shook once more by a huge orgasm. Her pussy squirted uncontrollably, sending arches of clear fluids into the air, which landed in glistening droplets all over her sweating, shaking body. Fucking her through her orgasm, I kept thrusting savagely until I felt my own orgasm coming. Deep inside me, a great warmth brewed up, spreading through my body as cock started pumping jets of hot cum. I felt my meat throbbing inside Natasha's warm asshole as my cum shot deep into her bowels, and as I pulled out, my cream started to trickle out of her gaping hole. 

"Let's not let that go to waste," Amira purred, leaning over to lick Natasha's creampied asshole, lapping up my cream like a hungry kitten and practically sucking it from her ass. Natasha was still lying there, immobile, her face wearing a huge grin rendered demonic by her blank, rolling eyes. Her body glistened with sweat and the juices from her cunt, and her muscles were shivering from the mind-blowing pleasure and the physical trial of surviving my savage pounding. 

"That was amazing," she kept whispering. "That was mind-blowing. I've never felt anything like it." I went to kiss her and she kissed me in thanks, her eyes conveying her gratitude for what I had made her feel. Amira was just licking the last droplets of my cum from her asshole.

"Do you want to take it next, my loyal follower?" she asked me.

"Yes, please, Amira," I implored her. "I beg you: fuck my ass like I did hers." So, as I lay astride Natasha, making out with her and feeling her body, I felt my ass being slowly penetrated by Amira's enormous meat. 

But then the curtain that covered the doorway was swept aside, and a shadow was cast over our naked forms. It was Jamie, my assistant.

"What's all this noise?" he asked as he entered, before stopping, stunned to silence. We all turned to look at him as he stood, shocked, a look of horror spreading across his youthful face. 

"What the fuck is going on?" he demanded. "What is this freak show? And what the fuck is that?" he asked, pointing at Amira, who was still buried up to the balls in my ass. 

"Jamie," I began, but had no idea what to say.

"Forget it," he growled. "Find yourself a new assistant, because I'm not sticking around with you bunch of freaks. I'm going home; this is - woah, this is too fucking much."

He stormed from the tent.

"Ah, how it felt to be an outsider..." I said, thinking on the journey I had undertook since my first arrival here. 

"Oh, well," Amira said, as she started fucking my ass again. "Who gives a shit?"