 A work of fiction. Characters are 18+.

*****

Amira, Natasha and I had just been fucking all night long, and woke up in each other's arms. The sun was seeping through the curtain door, and outside we could hear the chattering of excavation workers and archaeologists intermingling with the cries of street hawkers and the haunting caws of birds of prey which had woken to this day's fresh pickings. 

I woke to find Amira asleep with her head on my chest, rising and falling with the heaving of my pectorals. Natasha was awake, but seemed as if in a sleep-like trance, smiling faintly as she ran her hand slowly through Amira's silky hair. She heard me start and looked up at me with a smile, her eyes bright but somewhat vacant. I noticed that she kept looking down at Amira's dick, which was lying, limp, just beside her pussy. Every time she looked, she had to tear her eyes away, biting her lip. When Amira woke up, we all exchanged a look of mutual glee and satisfaction that didn't have to take the form of words. 

Stepping out into the open, where the sun already blazed and the sand was already incandescent in the heat, we enjoyed the sun's soaking rays. After a light breakfast served in one of the larger tents, Natasha and I got back to work, while Amira set off into town, as she had "things to do". We were in the tunnel, attempting to decipher some of the writing on the walls, when the head of excavations approached. 

"Dr White," he said. "I hear that your assistant has left your side. May I ask why?"

"We had a disagreement," I said. 

"On what basis?" he asked.

"Personal matters," I assured him. "I cannot work with someone who cannot accept how I live my life."

"Fine," he said. "But you had best ensure he doesn't share our findings here, or this hole in the ground could become a magnet for every scholar in the world."

"He won't," I said.

Nodding, he left. We worked a while in silence, hard at work translating these strange symbols. 

"I think we have something," Natasha called. I ran over to her. "'The gift of gods', It says," she announced. "That must mean something. Perhaps something about what Amira said?"

I scanned the symbols and almost jumped in excitement.

"Yes!" I cried. "These symbols here... desire ... entire heart ... bestowed... yes, 'to those who desire it with all their hearts, the gift of the gods will be bestowed.'"

"Holy shit," Natasha said. "It's talking about whatever gave Amira her dick."

"If so," I said, pacing back and forth until I stopped at the sealed passage, "this door must only open for those who desire it above all else; for those who want to see the truth with all their hearts."

"But I do," Natasha said. "You do too. Why won't it open for us?"

"Perhaps it needs proof?" I said.

"What do you mean?" she asked. But she already knew what I meant, for as I leaned in for the kiss, she grabbed my face and kissed me deeply. As we passionately made out, Natasha liberated herself of her tank top, bringing fire into my eyes at the sight of her cute little tits in her skimpy bra. Simultaneously, I tore my t-shirt off and kept kissing her as she ran her hands over my bare torso. I felt nimble hands fumbling with my belt, and before long my trousers were around my ankles, revealing the huge bulge that was rising in my boxers. 

Stepping out of my trousers, I kept on exploring Natasha's mouth as my hand slithered into her trousers and my fingers started rubbing along the wet slit of her pussy through her panties. She moaned and broke into a sort of ecstatic giggle, breaking away from my mouth and leaning her head on my shoulder, nibbling sheepishly at my neck.

"Let me have that dick, Doctor," she whispered, planting a peck on my throat, right where my blood was pumping excitedly. And as I cast my boxers to the ground, she sank slowly to her knees, brushing her fingertips temptingly down my bare body as she went. Her hands converged at my cock, one cradling my balls as the other rubbed up and down the shaft slowly and deliberately. I had grown rock hard in her hands, the head of my cock slowly emerging from the foreskin as livid veins surfaced all along the thickening shaft. 

Planting a protracted kiss on the very tip of my dick, Natasha sent jolts of excitement through me. She pulled away and, with the very tip of her tongue, nimbly flickered across the slit of my cock, driving me crazy with pleasure. Smiling up at me, and eager to draw out my longing, Natasha tilted back my cock and dragged her tongue in one long stroke from the base to the head, her wet tongue sending shivers through the soft, sensitive underbelly of my dick. 

"Natasha, you're going to drive me crazy," I moaned.

She looked up with a cheeky smile and winked.

"All's done and forgiven," she said, "But a little more punishment can't hurt."

But then, either out of pity or hunger for cock, she closed her eyes and engulfed the full length of my cock. I moaned in sheer bliss as I felt my dick slide into her warm, wet mouth, relishing in the caressing motions of her tongue and the massaging of her lips. As Natasha kept sucking on my cock hungrily, I ran my hands through her hair and held her head so as to push even deeper into her throat. I would stick my cock in balls-deep so that my nuts rested on her chin, and left it there until her eyes went bleary before retracting and listening to her spluttering and gasping. 

"You like that dick, don't you," I growled.

"I love it," she whispered between sucks.

"You wish you had one just like it, don't you?" I said.

"Oh yes," she moaned. "I wish I could just grow a big, hard cock between my legs so I could make you feel like you make me feel."

"Oh," I continued, "You want me to go down on your cock? You want me to suck on your girl-dick until you cum in my mouth, huh?"

"That's all I want," she insisted. "And then I want to fuck you like you did to me, and give you the pleasure of a cock inside your tight, little asshole."

As she said this, she moved on from my cock, crawling under my legs and parting my cheeks. Taking a few tentative licks at my puckered asshole, she groaned in pleasure at the flavour.

"God, your asshole tastes so good," she breathed. "I wish I could give you more."

In response, I grabbed her head and pushed her further into my ass, so that her face was firmly pressed between my asscheeks and her tongue was right in my hole. She licked furiously, as if fighting for dear life, all the while reaching around me to jerk my dick.

However, she eventually stopped, and, looking down, I saw her face emerge between my legs. He wore a pleading expression, her eyes wide.

"Please, Dr White," she grovelled, "Please fuck me again. I want your dick inside me."

Without replying, I reached down and grabbed her under the arms, hoisting her up. She wrapped her legs around my midsection and her arms around my neck as I held her by the thighs. Kissing me passionately as I held her in my arms, Natasha reached down and lined up my rock-hard cock with her sopping wet pussy. 

"Nuh-huh," I tutted, shaking my head. "If you're going to give up that pussy, you'd better learn to take it only in the asshole."

"You're right, Dr White," she said. "I'm sorry."

Accepting her apology, I thrust three fingers in that stupid mouth and finger-fucked her face until she spluttered and my digits came away lathered in saliva. Jacking my cock, I lubed it from base to tip, and then lined the head up with her tight, puckered butthole. 

"Hmmm," Natasha hummed in pleasure. "That's right, Daddy. Sink that big, hard cock of yours into my nasty little asshole. Forget about my stupid pussy. Just fuck that ass hard."

I had sunk into her guts up to my balls, and now started to lightly fuck her. Since I was holding her in my arms, I simply lifted her up and let her sink down onto my cock, impaling herself with her rising and falling. 

"Yes, Daddy," she kept whispering into my ear as she nuzzled my neck, slowly rising and falling on my cock. "Fuck that ass. Fuck that ass."

Soon, as I fucked her in my arms, she let go of my neck and her body flopped backwards, lying horizontally in the air, supported by my cock up her ass and my hands holding her thighs. I fucked her in this position as she just lay back, crying out in glee, her giddy cries echoing throughout this underground chamber.

"I'm coming, Daddy!" Natasha suddenly yelled, before pulling herself up so that she was hugged tight against my chest as I fucked her. "Please, please, make me cum!"

Pounding her with powerful thrusts of my hips, I let out a roar as my cock ravaged her asshole, making her body convulse in ecstasy as her pussy doused my cock in juices. 

"You like that, don't you, you little bitch?" I growled.

"Yes, Daddy," she whimpered between cries of pleasure. "I fucking love your cock up my ass. I never want to touch my stupid pussy again. All I want is dick in my shitter and dick in my mouth for the rest of my life!"

"Oh yeah?" I said with a crazed grin. "You want a nice big cock like mine between your legs?"

"That's all I want," she cried. "I want to make you feel these things too. I want to be able to please you, and I can't do that with this stupid little slit between my legs."

"Good," I growled. "Because I would find you a whole lot less unattractive if you could actually give me some real pleasure."

This blow to her self-esteem made her all the more eager to please, and she started to wildly ride my cock as if it were a horse out of control, practically jumping upwards and then impaling her asshole on the way down. I was in a state of sheer bliss, but I couldn't tell her - for it was my job to make her wish for a cock of her own - and instead kept whispering to her how useless she was right now and making fun of her stupid little cunt, which was gushing girl-cum everywhere. 

"Oh, shit!" she screamed. "I'm coming!"

I pounded harder than ever as Natasha's body went stiff with orgasm, her buttocks clenching around my cock and her fingers digging into my back, the nails almost drawing blood. Her pussy leaked everywhere, sending juices running down my cock, down my thighs, and pitter-pattering onto the stone below. For a while, Natasha just hung around my neck, comfortable in my cradling arms, like a baby koala hanging onto its mother. My cock stayed up her ass for a while longer, still hard and throbbing as it yearned to cum. 

"Come on," I said. "Get on your knees. Make me cum."

"Yes, Dr White," Natasha replied obediently, dislodging my cock from her butt and dropping to the ground. She knelt and hungrily took my organ in her mouth. Without further instruction, she started sucking my dick with animalistic fury, sucking hungrily as her hands played with my balls and rubbed the base of my shaft. 

"Yeah, that's right," I hummed. "You like the taste of my cock after it's been up your butthole, don't you?"

He hummed her assent through her mouthful of cock.

"You like sucking my big, manly cock and wishing you had one of your own, don't you?" I continued.

"I do," she said as she pulled away from my cock, gasping. "I wish you could make me feel this way. And I wish you could experience the fun of sucking a dick."

In reply, I grabbed her by the hair and fucked her face, thrusting my cock deep into her throat. She gagged as I fucked her mouth, and her nails dug deep into my thighs, hanging on as she lost all control of her body. Soon, though, I was ready to cum. I pulled my dick out of Natasha's mouth and pushed her away, where she knelt on all fours, gasping and retching. Her use had expired. Furiously rubbing my cock, I built up to an explosive orgasm. I grabbed Natasha by the hair and tilted her face upwards. She was smiling maniacally as she panted and gasped for air, her face sloppy with saliva, and she eagerly accepted my hot lashings of creamy cum with an open mouth. 

As I stood there, dripping semen onto Natasha's flustered face, my beautiful little fucktoy looked up with a face full of excitement.

"Look," she exclaimed, pointing at the passage, which now stood open. "We're being let in!"

The passage was now open, though there was no sign of a door. The only explanation I could posit was that the passage had always been open, and some illusion had made us think there was a door. Only by our act of passion had we shattered this illusion, earning the right to enter this sanctum.

Hesitantly, but full of excitement, we proceeded into the doorway. It led down a second tunnel, which bent and twisted until we had lost all sense of direction. Then, it opened into a great hall which took our breath away. It was a great dome hollowed out from the rock, with the ceiling reaching about 200m high. In the centre of the hall stood a great stone pillar, at the base of which were two stone hemispheres. I remembered it distinctly from my recent dream. Along the perimeter of the hall, mounted on stone parapets, were twelve giant statues depicting various women, all naked, sporting enormous tits and huge cocks carved out of stone. As we walked into the hall, wandering around and gawping at the powerful, god-like statues, I noticed that the floor was perforated with many holes, as if full of pores. 

I paced around this great hall in awe, marvelling at the sexy statues. However, we were suddenly interrupted by loud, high-pitched cries. I whirled around to see a stream of figures pouring from a doorway. They were all women - eleven, I counted - and were holding long lances which they brandished at us as they circled us. Each woman wore a sort of light armour which covered their chest (but was low-cut to show cleavage), their shoulders and their knees. They wore leather skirts that reached half-way down their thighs, but otherwise their bodies were bare, showing their caramel-coloured skin which glowed in the hall's cold light. Amongst them, I now saw, were some women holding not spears, but long, thick whips made of braided leather.

One women screamed at us in a foreign tongue, but when she read the confusion on our faces, she spoke in English.

"What are you doing here?" she yelled. 

Holding up my hands, I stuttered a reply.

"We came through the tunnel," I stammered. 

The ladies talked among themselves in sharp hisses, then, seeming to reach a decision, the first woman turned and raised her spear. 

"Wait," I cried. "We know Amira!"

There was a hushed conversation, and then the woman turned to face me once again.

"How do you know Amira?" she hissed.

"We met in the town," I explained. "We're - we're kind of... involved."

"And she brought you here?" she demanded. "Is she with you? You know what this place is?"

"Yes, I know," I said. "But she didn't bring me here. we got through the tunnel. We passed the test."

Again, they conversed among themselves. 

"We'll keep you until she returns," the woman said. "For now, you live."

For what seemed like an eternity, we waited, kneeling on the ground and staring at the glimmering points of spears. The faces surrounding us were mean and cautious, with stern mouths and arched eyebrows, but they were beautiful. When, at last, Amira showed up, casually walking into the hall, she was shocked to see us.

"Why did you let these strangers into our sacred halls?" one woman interrogated her. "You know that only by a unanimous vote can an outsider be let in."

"I didn't," Amira squirmed. "I was just testing them. I followed procedure. I don't know how they got this far so soon."

"Look at them," the woman replied in a violent hiss. "They're archaeologists. Obviously they found their way in, and knew how to bypass the Door."

"I - I didn't think -"Amira protested, but the woman cut her off.

"It's ok," she said. "You messed up, but only in the service of our god. Go to the chamber of pain and punish yourself until we come to get you."

Amira half-bowed and shuffled out of the room. The women watched her go, and then turned to speak to us.

"Amira will be punished for her lapse in judgement," one of them said solemnly. "But in the meantime, she seems to see much potential in you two."

"So can we stay?" I asked hopefully. "Can we be a part of this?"

The ladies huddled up and whispered among themselves.

"You may," one of them announced. "But first you must pass the trials."

"Trials?" Natasha queried.

"Oh," she replied, "You're going to love it, I think."