 Its been a long while, I know and I'm not going to male any excuses. As time went by and things piled up, this story faded to the back of my mind. It is a shame, and maybe it ends up becoming a regret, but hings have gone too far this time: a Literotica reader has been able to somehow find my physical address and has come to my house to insult and threaten me and my family.

That's why I decided to quit.

I have received an offer from another author to continue my work, but I feel that if I allow that, the end result won't be the story I wanted to write, so I'm leaving you guys with this resume of the general plot line. Like this, at least you will have an idea of how the story goes and how it ends.

Thank you for your warm words and your support, I'll never forget it.

Tenou

General plot line:

I hope that in the next 2 chapters(at most), Brandon will be already married to both Silna and Tierra, and in the chapter after that we get into serious business, with the Deyima outcast known as the Demon declaring war against the world for the establishment of the "Kingdom of Rewd". At first the countries take this almost as a joke because every time someone has tried something like this he or she failed miserably, but this time the perpetrators are trying to join the 6 sections of Unclaimed Lands under only one government, which means war on a continental level.

4 months into the war, Brandon is about to lose a battle when he receives Deyima reinforcements led by Yirkalia, a Draghan envoy, and he and his troops are taken to Deyima lands and he rejoins Sha'Zella. At first, Brandon's will is to take her as just a servant, but she reveals that he wasn't dreaming when they had sex, and that the result of this encounter is a pair of baby twins: a girl and a boy (given that the Deyima race evolved in a hazardous environment, they developed short pregnancies and giving birth to several babies at the same time is common for them) this makes him change his mind and he decides to marry Sha'Zella and recognize the children as his. This brings arguments with the wives, because they say that in nobility it's not rare for a lord to have children with his most favored servants, but the idea clashes with his values and he ends up telling them the story of his life: his mother divorced her first husband because of his abuses and he raped her in an act of revenge, getting her pregnant with Brandon, but even so she gave birth because her religious beliefs didn't allow her to have an abortion. She remarried and had more children with her new husband, but Brandon was mentally abused by her and the children (things like "you're the son of a criminal" or "You're the proof of a crime") which at certain point led to the social withdrawal he mentioned in the first chapter. This will be elaborated further when the time comes, but the result is that Brandon is adamant on forming a happy family because he didn't experience it himself, even more so now that he found out he's a father of two.

While the party is returning to Brandon's domains, they're attacked by outcasts and he prioritizes the defense of his wives and children over anything else, what allows for him and Yirkalia to be captured and taken as prisoners to the ruined fortress where the Demon himself throws them into dirty cells in the basement.

This is where the mysterious being that helped Brandon when he was poisoned appears again to tell him that the moment to choose has arrived. He gives Brandon a vision of what's happening in the fortress, and he sees the elf Aventhal negotiating with the Demon and that's how he finds why the rebel army is so powerful: the Demon has been 200 years stirring up trouble to attract the attention of the Draghans and have them send and envoy, who is captured and raped by one of the Demon's subordinates. Given that these events occur with years of difference, the Draghans just assume that the ones who disappear found a worthy mate and don't even think of investigating any further; the result is that there are many individuals in his army who have been powered up with the energy of chaos coming from their wives.

Brandon is warned by the being that preventing Yirkalia from falling into enemy hands may have an impact on saving this world, but at the same time it will for sure have an impact in the relationship between the two worlds. But even so, Brandon takes her as his wife (making a vow of not taking any more) and with his new powers he gets to escape, killing Aventhal in the process and finding out that Yalgir has joined the enemy for the sake of a greater martial power.

Arriving at the next country controlled by the blessed races, Brandon sends word of his well-being, together with the enemy info discovered, and he receives an escort, because military ordinances state that he and his house have earned a rest from the front lines. Here is where the final part of the story begins. Not long after he starts his "vacation" he receives a visit from Gregor, the government official from the first chapter. He brings news that one of Brandon's siblings is in dire need of a transplant and the medical records show that Brandon is the best and quickest option available, but when they are crossing the tower of the worlds, Gregor reveals himself as a U.S fanatical avid of power. He had been notifying the families of those under his observation that the subjects had died in this or that accident, while his true aim was to retrieve them and send them to secret facilities to be treated as guinea pigs in human experimentation. Brandon is the most awaited subject in these experiments, because Gregor's final goal is to "find the scientific principles behind the works of magic and use the power of chaos energy to bring a new age of evolution to mankind". Brandon uses the power of one of his familiars to escape his captors, but the familiar in question is too angry to control its power, so it creates an explosion that kills Gregor together with his soldiers and renders Brandon unconscious. That chapter in particular ends with Brandon arriving back in his domains and finding a Deyima boy claiming that he's the master there, then a Ralya with longer hair admonishes the boy for pointing a sword at his father. Brandon was unconscious an undetermined time inside the tower; in the outside world seven years have passed.

Brandon learns about the events occurred in his absence in a general way: his warning about the Demon's tactic of enslaving Draghans made all of them to return to their floating island, decreasing the power of the blessed races against the outcasts. Yalgir became a visible head between the enemy lines, and he became infamous after killing Errom in single combat; Oner succeeded his father and now he rules over the mountain elves. In recent times, trained assassins, especially those of the Deyima race, have been very useful in pinpointing the location of the outcasts empowered by Draghan wives and leading lightning strikes on their bases, so the power of the enemy army in general is faltering and they may very well dissolve into many warring factions if the Demon is finally destroyed in the full-scale assault that is being currently planned. About Brandon's Household, when his disappearance was made public, Aventhal's inheritors tried a war of houses to avenge their father and "clean his name from the false accusations of treachery issued by the house of the black star". They were repelled and punished in a way that no one else dared to attack them again, but Merita, Alerick, his wife and other many servants and house soldiers lost their lives defending the house. Honor and circumstances force Brandon to reveal the exact reasons of his absence, and to his surprise, it seems that other races have received similar reports. The cultural exchange program and the relationship between worlds is in a very delicate balance. On the bright side, it seems that Ralya was pregnant when Brandon left for his home world, so Brandon has a 6 years old daughter, though she is a little scared of him at first because she doesn't know her father.

The campaign to reach the Demon's fortress and finish him starts, campaign where Tierra and Ralya won't be able to participate in any way because they get pregnant not long after Brandon's return. This war in particular lasts seven months according to the calendar of the realm, and ends with two epic battles. During the last war council, the allied forces of the six races find themselves with two targets: one is the Demon's fortress and the other is Yalgir's, but they don't have a clue of who is where, so it's decided that they send two armies to attack at the same time. It ends up with Oner fighting the Demon and Brandon fighting Yalgir. With his last breath, Yalgir commends Brandon's strength and curses himself for his thirst for battle. Brandon cries for the friend he just killed. After all, he hasn't had years to let his rage boil and kill the affection he felt for the wolf. When Brandon rejoins Oner, he's wounded but celebrating victory with the Demon's metallic arm as a war trophy. An outcast with an eye patch who fought with the blessed races says that it's not the first time the Demon uses that trick to fake his death and hide for years before making a comeback, but in the middle of the tumultuous celebration nobody seems to pay him attention.

Once the crucial matter is solved, the different governments turn their heads to the problem with the Earth and the cultural exchange program. That very same day it's decided that the peace negotiations are going to take a step back and the transit between worlds is going to be closed indefinitely; it may very well end up with the total closure of all the towers of the worlds, so most of the earthlings are abandoning the realm. The story ends with a dramatic scene where Brandon, surrounded by his spouses and children, including 2 newborns (a girl from Tierra and a boy from Ralya) starts walking to the tower he came from. Everyone is silent except for Tierra, who throws her wedding ring at Brandon, insults him and ends up falling to her knees and cries because she may not be able to see her husband ever again, what makes the baby in her arms cry too, creating a chain reaction where all of them cry more or less openly, even the girl who feared her own father at first. Brandon reaches the barricade and gives the guard the order to close the tower and start the watch. He then returns to his astonished family, and when Yirkalia asks "what about your world?" Brandon extends his arms and makes all he can to embrace his extensive family before answering: "No matter where I go, this, what I'm holding in my arms is my world":

Tierra kicks Brandon in the shin.