 I know that there are many of these story lines running open-ended at the moment. Be patient, because I am now sure all of these stories happen in the same universe, many at the same time. 

I fully expect my characters to cross from story to story in the future. 

I loved writing this fatass cum dumpster just as much as my soulless secretary, and I hope you enjoy her just as much. 

*********************

Since I was little, the other kids have always called me fat ass, and that's kind of just who I was to them. I've never had an awkward phase, unless you count the entire time since birth. Starting school a year late, and always being bigger than everyone else, I got told all the jokes. Like how round is a shape too, and it must be nice not to be able to drop things, because they go straight into orbit. Things like that hurt, and I try to laugh it off, but back then nothing stung quite like having no one know my real name. 

When I want something, I've got to just have it. That's just who I am. So I eat, and I like it. I eat when I feel good, I eat when I feel bad. 

I also like to masturbate like a crazy bitch. 

Since I got my first apartment alone, if I wasn't eating, I had my fist in my pussy rubbing a hot wet one out. 

These are my two favorite things. 

I hadn't been with many boys, and that's what they were, boys. I suppose back then, I wasn't much of a woman either. The last couple of people I fucked were in high school, ten years and over a hundred and fifty pounds ago. 

The second to the last, was the jock. I liked fucking him, he was hot. He wasn't like the first boy I had sex with, that's for sure. That one was pimply and all thumbs, lasted five minutes. This boy was confident, long dicked and dominant. He knew how to bend my emotions around his little finger, and have me begging for just a little more pain. 

He let me in on the joke, just as the sex was getting really good. I think he was afraid that he was starting to like sex with a fat girl. I let him fuck me however he pleased, say whatever he felt like, treat me however he cared to, and I couldn't get enough of his cum. He fucked me at home, in his van, and at school behind the cafeteria by the dumpsters. One long weekend, with my Dad pulling double shifts and passed out like the dead, I blew my "boyfriend" so many times, he shot blanks through his last two orgasms. He begged me to stop sucking his cock at that point, so he let me suck his balls and tongue his ass. 

I would have done anything for him. 

In my head, when I close my eyes, I'm back in his van parked behind the cafeteria. This was a special occasion, he said. I want to do something really freaky, he said. I stripped down, and he brought out a few lengths of rope. Soon, I'm splayed out on my back, my wrists and knees tied spread eagle. He fucks my mouth roughly, and he hasn't bothered to take off his Jersey. I know he's getting ready to blow his first load when he turns and squats over my mouth so that I can suck his balls. He slaps my tits as he bounces over my face. My nose, buried in his asshole he comes, and I groan because I wanted his cum. He relaxes twisting my throbbing nipples and I'm covered from neck to navel in his cum with his balls still in my mouth. That's when the door of the van slides open and the cameras flash. 

"Thanks for the ride, cum dumpster." 

He said as he got up off me. He grabbed a pair of shorts from his teammate, made a show of cleaning off his junk while the rest of the football team pissed on me. The evil bitch cheerleaders screamed dirty fat whore at me, and swatted at my pussy with a handy bit of rope. 

I orgasmed with them pissing on my face and cunt. 

I was outed as a whore and a slag. 

My nickname through the rest of high school was cum dumpster. It's what he used to call me in the rare moments I let him cum on my face, tits, and belly. Those moments were rare because I sucked down his seed straight from his cock like I had a mission. 

I don't think anyone talked to me the rest of the year, except to call me cum dumpster, except for the guys who offered to let me blow them, or the girls who let me know what a great big fat whore I was. 

I have never been so happy to leave anywhere as much as when I left home. 

No one there really missed me. 

I'm a fat fucking whore. 

I'm cum dumpster. 

I learned to live with it. Mostly by eating my feelings. And masturbating. A lot. 

My fingers, slick in my pussy, strum the cords loosely connecting my clit to the pleasure that explodes deep within my brain. I twist my nipples ruthlessly, remembering the flashes in the van, his cum splashing on my cheek and across my tits, as he laughed. 

I pushed the thick tips of my fingers into my cunt bashing my thumb against my clit like a gamer tweaking for a new high score. As the orgasm washes over my body, I remember the last person I fucked, my favorite teacher senior year. I think that I've found someone who wants me for me, he's so sweet so attentive. He listened to me when everyone had me humiliated and isolated. I soaked up his attention, and it was the most natural thing in the world for me to kneel down at the end of the day and blow him. The day I'm thinking about he pushed his cock up my ass for the first time. As he puts his hands on my waist, I whimper. He fucked me gently, I'm going to cum, I know it. Crooning quietly in my ear, he says, "I knew you wanted it bad, cum dumpster."

I thrashed, banging my head on the headboard, crying out silently, until I fall limp onto the mattress. 

I'm starving. 

Tonight it's a family sized lasagna, a half gallon of chocolate milk, and ice cream, so very tasty. I ate myself sticky and noted that my ass was getting a little tight in my over-sized recliner. Add trash TV, some Springer on the DVR, and I'm all set for the night. I hope that tonight he's got people worse off than me. 

I wake up, because I have to pee and I'm a little woozy. The TV is flickering snow patterns and my big fat ass is wedged tight in the chair and I have to work to get up and out. The floor is cold on my tiny bare feet, and my thick nipples stand at attention looking cross-eyed from my massive tits out into the darkness of the room. I never bother with a nightgown, because they barely fit tenting over my tits and belly, and I always get food on them. 

Carefully I line up on the toilet seat, no joke, my ass to toilet seat ratio makes for potential messes, and tonight, for the first time I have trouble reaching around my tits and belly between my huge thighs to wipe. I start to panic, reaching behind, I can still wipe my ass. 

The next few months were horrible, I was a mess and it showed. I tried furiously to reach my pussy to grind down on my clit, but couldn't touch it.

After high school, dating was as horrible as it always was. I snagged a few chubby chasers, which isn't hard to do that at all. The problem with guys who have a fetish for you, is that they don't need to really please you to get off. The first guy just wanted to watch me eat. He'd get an erection watching me eat a sandwich, and I think he creamed himself when I dropped mayo on my belly. The mommy fucker came as soon as I got naked, I was so ravenous at that point, I licked his thin weak seed from his cock and boxers. He didn't get hard again until he called me mommy. He cried after that, got in his car, and I never saw him again. Another guy couldn't fuck me enough, but his cock was so tiny that it didn't reach me enough to pleasure me. The one time he thought he had victoriously filled me, he had actually slipped into my ass while we were trying doggie style. 

I liked it, but it wasn't exactly what I needed. 

I let him ass fuck me until he realized after about a week and a half that he was actually fucking my ass, and he got all weird about it. 

Now that I couldn't grind it out when and where I wanted, I grimaced at the thought of trolling the Internet to find another in a long line of disappointing chubby chasers to try to get me off. I was getting desperate. 

I tried to buy vibrators and rubber cocks, but the pretty kids from the University had wiped out the selection for some stupid gun protest. I was about to give up on the crap selection when I heard him speak for the first time. 

"Can I show you something in your size?"

The voice was deep and rich with a touch of a chuckle, and absolutely scared the wits out of me as I was pawing the meager selection of rubber dicks. 

"Sorry I scared you, miss. I'm still a little new at this job."

The monolithic black man stood quietly in front of what was left of the dildo display. He was broad chested, and needed a shave, his deeply set brown eyes sparkled over his heavy gauge septum piercing. 

"We do have some left, the stuff that wasn't ironic enough for the college kids. We are completely out of neon double ended stuff, " he said with a smirk," "What can I help you find today, little miss?"

My pussy gushed a little when he called me little miss, and I felt little standing next to him. 

"i... " 

I sprinted for the door clipping a display of porn star asses on the way out. 

My embarrassment dovetailed with my arousal perfectly, and unable to reach my cunt properly, I did the only thing I could do. 

I cried myself to sleep. 

I had to have some relief. 

The walk back to the porn shop filled me with all the relevant misery and humiliation I could tolerate. 

"Oh hey, Christine, welcome back."

That rich voice his massive frame resonated all those tones. And he knew my name! 

"uh, don't run little miss, you left your ID with us last night."

He covered the distance between us in five steps. 

"Let me help you, little miss. What do you need?"

The buttons on his shirt pulled tight across his chest as he breathed. 

"I want a dildo."

"Let's try to narrow that down. Would you like a small cock or a larger cock to start with?"

Good God, don't let me look down at his package. His deep brown eyes were almost as bad. 

"I need a big cock."

His little half smile twitched at the corners of his mouth. 

"Do you want real looking cock or one of those fancy metal, glass, or freaky cocks?"

"I don't think it matters."

"Here are a few to look at. "

He plucked them effortlessly from the top shelf. 

"I need something that I can mount to something else."

Something flashed through his face, something like pity.

"I understand what you want. These have suction cups, this one locks to a harness or wherever you mount the lock. Maybe if you told me more about what you need I can be more helpful."

He read the misery in my face. 

"Thank you. What did you say your name was?"

"I'm Gordon. It's my first week on the job here."

"What did you used to do?"

His face clouded. 

"I worked on a farm until I got away."

That sounded strange but I let it go. 

"Thank you Gordon, for being so kind."

"I just want to help, little miss."

His eyes were so soft. 

"Gordon, I can't reach my pussy anymore to masturbate. I need some relief soon."

"I know what you need."

I looked straight at Gordon's cock. I couldn't help it. Fortunately he turned his head to reach for another item. 

"This mounts to a bed post or a coffee table, it has a cock for your pussy and a cock for your ass. Do you like that kind of thing?"

"Yes Gordon, I do."

"If you buy it, would you like someone to mount it for you?"

"would-you-be-able-to-do-it?" I practically vomited out. 

"Yes little miss, I would love to."

All of my three hundred-ish pounds floated in the air towards to counter to check out. 

"Don't forget to leave your address for the mounting."

"I won't!"

Gordon walked behind the high countenance, ran my card, and gave me a receipt. 

"Good bye, little miss!"

Looking down , Gordon addressed the little person tied, gagged, and blindfolded in the dark area behind the register. Removing the gag from the little man's mouth, Gordon unzipped his trousers. At the sound of the zipper, the little Asian man opened his mouth and tipped his head back. 

"It's feeding time, Mr. Jasper."

*******************

I have never worked so fast to clean my apartment. Pizza boxes out. Trash out. Carpet vacuumed, steamed, and vacuumed again. Dishes washed. Bed -sad little empty bed- too small for the likes of a man like Gordon. Bed made. 

What was I thinking? 

Gorgeous Gordon wasn't coming for me. They never come for me. 

I'm cum dumpster. 

The knock on the door sounded off like a cannon in the quiet of my empty apartment. Oh my God, I'd cleaned and tidied everything in the apartment, but myself. I had on my house dress, that looked like a blue tent, my hair clipped at top my head, and very little else. 

I sprinted to the door. 

"Hello little miss!"

"Hello Gordon. Come in!"

I blushed. He had changed after work, now dressed in workout clothes with a worn leather bag over his shoulder , and carrying my boxes. He ducked his head under the doorway and walked into my apartment. 

He set the boxed down on the coffee table, practically having to sit on the floor to reach. I realized, as he stood up, that Gordon could see, and had always been able to see, down my blouse and into my massive cleavage. 

His cock under his running shorts, made my mouth water. It was big, but how big was it? 

"Gordon, does the shop do many installations?"

"I don't know, I never asked."

"So you came out here on your own?

"uh, yes little miss."

"Do you like fat women?"

I said trying meekly to try to entice him. 

"I'm a bull."

"You certainly are!"

"No. On the farm, I was made, bred to be a bull to fuck and breed cows. That's what I am made for."

"I don't understand."

Faster than I could see, and way faster than I could react, he had me by the throat. One hand held me, and the other tore my house dress from my body and I stood barefoot on tiptoe naked before him. 

"I fucked and bred cows for the farmer."

He lowered me to my knees as he stepped out of his shorts, and his monstrous cock unfurled between us. His balls, as big as my fists hung low and heavy. 

"Now that I've escaped the farmer, I need to fuck, to drain my balls, or I will frenzy and fuck the nearest thing. I don't want attention. I don't want to go back to the farm."

Gordon tapped me on the forehead. 

"Open. Do as you're told and you won't be hurt. Refuse me and I will force you."

"Why, Gordon? Why?"

He blinked solidly twice. Like I was asking the dumbest question in the world. 

"Because you're a cow, and I need to fuck cows."

He pressed the massive thickness of his veiny cock to my lips, and I opened them. It was like no cock I'd ever tasted, the smell of Him, intoxicating. Even as he filled my mouth and throat, my gag reflex never even fluttered. He held the back of my head, rocking forward to my lips, his balls bouncing under my chin. His strokes varied from short to long, changing up the tempo as well. The one hand that palmed my head could just as easily snap my neck. 

At first I was terrified, of course, but now after smelling and tasting of him all I wanted was His no doubt potent seed. With my lips stretched wide around the base of his cock, he confidently stepped back to his knees, pulling me on all fours in one practiced motion. Now that the passage of my throat had opened, he fucked my face with a need that bordered on life or death. I lost count of his rapid strokes, as he now held me by the shoulders. My tits and belly flattened on the carpet, as the force of him rocked my body forward and back, if he had only asked instead of taking me, I'd almost be in heaven. As it was, my terror was subsiding for some reason, and my natural enthusiasm for sucking cock returned with a vengeance. 

With left hand, Gordon reached into his bag. From the corner of my eye I could see a large smooth silver metal hook and the leather thong braided onto the loop at its base. His long arm reached over my back, and into the deep cleft of my ass cheeks. The hook, slid up my asshole, cold enough to make me jump and Gordon looped the cord around my neck tight enough so that the very acts of breathing and sucking pulled the thumb thick hook deeper into my ass. 

Oh my God! I thought as the hook forced it's way into my body, and the strap at my neck, a dog collar humiliation. The pre-cum slipping down the channel to my stomach tasted like no man I had ever blown, compared to Gordon, I had never been with any other man. This beautiful half mad man, who must have been mad if he believed any of what he was telling me. Farms and farmers? Impossible. I closed my eyes and started enjoying the masterwork of cock in my mouth, enjoying the fuzzy feeling in my head, and most of all enjoying my return to life as a cum dumpster. 

Truly, Gordon sounded like an animal rutting as he face fucked me without mercy or caution. If I didn't have to use both hands to hold the weight of my body, I would have loved to touch the corded muscle of his legs. 

He was a fantastic beast. 

From the sounds of him, and the tension in his body, his balls rising up to bounce against my chin instead of my throat Gordon was about to explode and I had no doubt, that he was going to fill my entire stomach to overflow. My imagination had his cock virtually reaching my stomach with every thrust. Gordon threw back his head, releasing me from his grasp, but there was no way I was going to make a run for it. He was between me and the door, and his cock, his cum, I had to have it. 

I buried my lips in the forest of his curly pubic hair, I grasped the hard muscle of his flexing ass as his orgasm cracked off into my belly.

We rocked together linked for over ten minutes as his balls emptied into my stomach. I looked up at him, legs spread, sitting on the floor waiting for his orgasm to a bait. I felt- gratitude? humiliation? submission? desire? love? All these things rolled throughout my body as the drool splashed from my bust onto the carpet. I would not permit a drop of his cum to be wasted. I made a seal of my lips so that I none of his seed would escape from me. 

Gordon pulled the mass of himself from my body, his phallus almost as long as my forearm, and still as massive and throbbing as the moment it first pushed through my lips. He stood before me, and I admired him. He was fantastic. He was a beast. 

He was a bull. 

Could any of his story be true? 

Were there farms and farmers? Were there cows? And what possible purpose could places like that have? 

I followed him with my eyes as he slowly moved around my body, inspecting me. I was embarrassed again, fat ass cum dumpster under the microscope, the cameras flashing in the open van door while the mean girls jeered in the cold. 

As Gordon palmed my cheeks and fondled my tit, I felt my juices on my leg, ready for him. 

"Good mouth, good udders, good cow."

His eyes were a little glassy, unfocused. His words came out a little more labored. He pulled the anal hook from my ass but left the leather thong around my neck. My ass was well prepared for a boy like those I had fucked before, but not for a bull, not for Gordon. 

His hands, so much larger than the hands of that boy, than the hands of of my teacher, lay for the first time on my skin. The heat of his hands on my skin, the firmness of his grip, felt so right. My belly full of his hot cum, I relaxed and pushed back looking for Gordon's cock. The hook had opened my ass, but the instant the apple of his cock rimmed my ass, I knew that he was more than I could take. I expected Gordon would slam his cock in me with the same violence as my face. He surprised me, slowly working his nob into and out of my ring, slowly inching toward the next. He let me dilate, adjust, before increasing the speed of his thrusts. 
