 Over the sounds of travel, I could hear their voices quite clearly while I was trussed up inside a zoo shipping crate. The trip was long, and I spent the time half aware, like in a fevered dream. From a hole in the top of the box, I would nurse fluid from a rubber nipple at the end of a bottle. When the bottle would empty, they would refill it while I slept and my body continued to change. 

I was terrified that the urge to shit would hit me, that eventually I would fall asleep and mess myself. Mercifully, the urge to release myself never came, which was extremely weird and worrisome since I'm talking about many days locked up. I wasn't forced to sit in my own filth, but it's not normal for me at all. Granted, all I had to eat the whole time came from Gordon, who was dick feeding both myself and Jessie Lee through gloryholes in the sides of our shipping crates. 

At one point, while on a train of all things, Gordon removed the crate panel behind me. The sudden rush of fresh air and cooler temperature roused me, pulling to my attention how drowsy and sedate I was. I was held down in the shipping crate by what I recognized as the porn shop's high end red leather psychiatric restraints. 

Over the short run, they were wonderfully comfortable, and I was almost flattered that I rated such an expense, but locked into a position on my hands, and knees, and tits, and belly- it was pins and needles excruciating. If anything it felt tighter in the crate than when I started, my tits and belly filling in all the space beneath me and to the sides of the wooden box. I was grateful it was so well sanded, and I hadn't picked up splinters. 

I felt Gordon's hot hands on the flesh of my ass, wordlessly he fucked me doggie style. He caught the rhythm of the train as he plowed into the tight knot of my asshole, my cunt ached and dripped, hopeful for Gordon's use. He fucked me from behind vigorously, but not as deeply as before since the top of the crate prevented him from bottoming out in me. 

It was only his majestic length that allowed him to manage the significant amount of cock that was curling my toes. Gordon's hot spunk spilled into my guts as he humped my sizable rear end. Still silent, he knuckled a large glass butt plug up my anus, I suppose to keep his mutagenic spunk deep inside my throbbing ass like before. 

I cried out for him. 

"Gordon! For fuck sake, talk to me! Help me!"

Still and silent, he replaced the wooden panel on my crate, and I couldn't hear him even breathe from where I was. 

"He won't answer you, not like he is now."

The voice was small and frail, with just a hint of an accent. It could only be the former Mr. Jasper, newly Jessie Lee. The voice was close by, but hollow, like it was behind the wood of another crate. 

"Jasper?"

I had only spoken to the manager of the porn shop a few times. Every time I went to the shop, I didn't take the time to be social or friendly. I was so rushed and so wired up because I felt like such a fat fucking failure, flushed with shame for being there, for porn shopping, for feeding my need for humiliation with a poor substitute. I never had any real idea for what Jasper was like when he was still a he, because I was so wrapped up in my own head. What I remembered about him was that he was shy, soft-spoken, middle aged, and small for a man. He was thin, and had shaggy, coarse hair that never seem to co-operate. His dark brown almond shaped eyes were kind, and had a sad joy within them. He smiled at me when I made my purchases, and gave me a soda the night I got desperate enough to suck cock at the porn shop's gloryhole and chickened out at the last minute because the stupid room felt so small. 

He was a good man. 

"You might as well call me Jessie Lee, I don't think what I am now is ever going to change."

From what I saw of him -her, after her changes, standing by my apartment door in a short red raincoat, she had developed generous female and bovine characteristics. Her golden skin grew a silky down fur, in white and brown patterns across her whole body, except for the waterfall of silky, intensely black, hair at her head and the eyelashes around her now extraordinarily large deep black eyes. Jessie Lee's tits were large for her body type, and I remember quite clearly her seven inch cock standing at attention while Gordon fed her his chromosome customizing nut batter. I wouldn't have known who it was, without hearing a name, she didn't look a day over 28.

"Where are you?"

I was still hazy, the fevered feeling hadn't quite left me, and my belly rumbled, needing a next feeding from Gordon's massive cock . 

"I'm in the crate next to you."

"Can you get out?"

"I'm not restrained like you are, but I was never very butch to begin with, I can't force my way out of the crate or anything. I can see a bit through the air holes more in one direction from the gloryhole Gordon's been feeding me from, but not much more... I'm sorry."

Jessie Lee was crying. And I suppose she did have quite a bit to cry about, I was stolen from a crappy sexless life, but she had her manhood stolen away too. My shoulders and thighs ached from being held in this position for so long. 

"My name is Christine, Jessie Lee."

"Is that your real name, or the one they gave you?"

I was taken aback a bit, she had no way of knowing who I was, she was much a victim of Gordon's mission as I or even Gordon himself was. 

"It's my real name. I used to come to the porn shop every other Friday or so."

"Oh yeah, I remember you! You're the big girl who likes the big dick shaming porn, the fuck my fat ass humiliation shit. Not too chatty, pays her rentals, and never gets any fines. I think I actually lose money on customers like you."

Her voice lilted, still on the edge of tears, remembering a life completely lost. 

"Can you see Gordon?"

"He's here. Sitting on the floor of the boxcar, but his mind is gone now that Mr Dick Bigsuit is here. Gordon has been like this since that guy got here. He just does what Bigsuit tells him to. I think he'd jump in front of a bus if that's what he told him to do. Bigsuit is bad news."

"Where are we going?"

"Where else? The place that Gordon babbled the most about, the farm."

Ominous, the place I had convinced myself was a fiction, how could I doubt it's existence now when I was talking to a genetically altered cowgirl about the giant black bull who had been breeding us both? I felt bad about thinking it but there was no way to avoid it. Jesse Lee was a dick girl, no two ways about it. 

"Jessie Lee, um, are you okay? Can you tell me what happened to you?"

She was quiet for a moment, the creaking of our crates and the larger sounds of the train more present now than in the moments before. 

"When I first met him, Gordon looked like just another guy down on his luck, in his funny clothes and that over-sized nose ring. For such a large man, he was terribly jumpy, I thought I was doing us both a favor by giving him a job. It didn't hurt to have all that muscle at the counter. Most robbers think twice before pulling a fast one. I gave him a cot in the storage room. When he would talk, I knew he was on the run from something, he was jumpy, but he relaxed for a couple weeks, then got anxious again. He had an eye for the big ladies, girls like you especially. Didn't much care for the tall thin ones, no matter how hot they were. 

So I could tell that he was interested in you, but you hadn't been to the store in awhile. Gordon started to get intense and focused. He kept to himself and stopped talking. I thought it was peculiar, but he still did his job, and he was always kind so I let him be. 

Gordon always showed a preference for women, and women like you so I never thought he would attack me. 

I never saw it coming. 

It was late, After drunk 30, most of the traffic in the porn shop has slowed to a trickle. We were restocking the shelves, checking in the videos, and making orders for the next month. I had gone to the back to grab some boxes. I suppose he locked the door, or put up the "be back soon" sign, or maybe he didn't bother to lock the shop at all. 

I heard him standing behind me, I asked him to help me with the boxes on the top shelf! 

He grabbed me from behind, around my neck with his elbow, and choked me until I nearly passed out. I told him take the money! I'll open the safe! He never said a word. When he let go of my neck I could barely stand, he handcuffed my hands behind my back, and shoved a cock shaped gag into my mouth and throat. 

He used one of our dog leashes to chain me to the pipes. He left me there. 

I tried screaming. I tried struggling. I choked myself and knocked myself off my feet trying to get away. I cried. 

Gordon came back with the scissors. I froze as he cut a jagged rip up my pants leg. I was terrified that he was going to cut my balls off, but his eyes were steady, and his breathing became more labored. He cut everything from of me but my shoes and socks. I realized just how much bigger he was than me, how much more powerful he actually was, and that's when I saw his cock straining under his clothes. I saw his face, the septum ring, and I've watched enough porn to know, he was a bull, a breeder, and I was totally fucked. 

He stepped out of his jeans. Barefoot on the floor, he appeared to be every bit the six and a half feet tall that he was, his cock no less than a foot long and bigger around than a beer can. He pulled the end of my chain, yanking my head down to my knees. I tried to tell him no. Tried to plead. 

He kicked my knees apart, they were shaking, I collapsed or at least I tried to. Gordon grabbed me by the hips. My ass puckered and my toes cramped. His hands burned on my skin as the head of his cock nestled in the ring of my asshole. I begged one more time in to the cock gag, no, no! Good God, Gordon, no! 

It felt like a knife in my ass at first, the bright lights of pain flashing in my head, and then the hammer of his first thrust folding me inside out made my back arch ninety degrees at him as the first three inches of his dick introduced themselves to me. 

He spread my ass cheeks, pulling back an inch and battering my prostate with the second thrust, I moaned at the pleasure and pain of it. 

I wanted to shout at him, I'm not gay, I'm not gay! But inwardly I cringed at the prophecy being fulfilled, my father constantly calling me faggot, because I was so much smaller than my friends and I read books of all things. The little fag who got tied up, the fairy with the cock gag in his mouth, the wreck of a man with the giant throbbing cock pistoning in and out of his ass, had just started giving in to it as his fairy penis started to get hard. 

I groaned into the gag, which curiously had stopped making me gag, as Gordon pounded his full length into me. He drummed past my p-spot, making my eyes roll back in their sockets. I could hear him grunting and growling as he used my body as a masturbatory cocksleave. 

Before I knew it, I had blown my load on the floor, and the wall, and a lot of the shop's stock on the shelves. He never even looked at my puny dick and I orgasmed. The shame of my situation infested my soul, but my penis never softened and Gordon wasn't done fucking me. 

My head rolled around. I couldn't keep it from bouncing where he shook me. My second orgasm hit me square across my eyes, the gag, and my lips, I swallowed quite a bit of my own cum as it pulsed onto my face around the edges of the cock gag. 

I was well on my way to a third spurt, my nuts screwed up tight against my cock when Gordon started to howl. He grabbed me by the balls and fire hosed his own hot load into my ass. He humped me for twenty minutes cramming his spunk into my rectum, I was blinded, drooling, and had never been so confused. After his nut tapered off, he let me drop to the floor, exhausted. He easily slid one of the shop's biggest rubber cocks in my gaped ass, and my third orgasm trickled out, ruined by the lack of stimulation. How could he make me cum like that?"

I had never even imagined such a thing, poor Jessie Lee. I felt terrible for her, her whole life destroyed in an instant. 

"It wasn't your fault, Jessie Lee, his cock is amazing and he knows how to use it. The suit guy said it was a miracle that you survived Gordon fucking you."

"You don't understand! After the first three days, I needed him to keep fucking me! I wanted to keep sucking his cock, he didn't have to tie me up, dear God, I like it! I want it!"

The entirety of her crate was shaking.

"When he fucks you, I'm not jealous, I'm envious! I want him for me, in me. Oh Christ, Christine, I'm a faggot. Just like my bastard father said I would be."

I've never heard anyone in such complete distress, and restrained and crated as I was, there was very little I could do. 

"I don't know what you are completely, Jessie Lee, but I know that Gordon cums inside folks he changes them with his cum, we mutate. Since you aren't 100% male anymore, I don't think you can be a fag, or any word like that. Besides, I won't judge you, I don't know what Gordon's spunk is turning *me* into."

I hoped that the sincerity in my voice would ring true, and comfort her. 

"I know he raped you, but you know he was brainwashed into doing what he does, and even now he has no freewill. You know that, right?"

"I don't blame him. I know who is to blame."

"Do you still enjoy it? The sex?"

"I do. I can't stand the moments he's not inside me. I suck his cock while he sleeps, and ride him awake."

"I hope that when I change, I am at least half as beautiful as you are. Futanari. That's what the Japanese call it. You're a little cowgirl futa."

"That word sounds beautiful."

"Just like you, Jessie Lee. When your body changed did it hurt?"

"I thought what I was feeling had more to do with the fact that a massive beast of a man was taking me from both ends, trussing me up every day and night in my own store's bondage gear. I'd had nothing to eat or drink, but his cum. My dry coarse hair fell out, and I thought it was the stress of the situation, my guts twisted, and I assumed that I was starving. 

Most of the time I was blindfolded and gagged, I missed the fur growing in, I missed my tits filling out. I figured my nipples hurt from being rubbed raw against the floor or something. My entire body hurt from bondage, my jaw and ass from the constant overuse. 

Gordon had locked me up in the back of the shop, when he wasn't using me. He doesn't need to sleep, and nobody noticed that I was missing. My regulars kept shopping and nothing changed while I was boxed like a gimp in the back, or under the counter. 

Gordon kept me in a blindfold hood most of the time with a rubber ball gag to keep me quiet. He strapped into one of our small bolero straight jackets, now that I think about it, that's the one with the fucking tit cutouts! Otherwise I was naked, but now that I think about it, I was never cold. 

When Dick Bigsuit showed up, I thought at first it was Gordon, and then I thought I was saved! Oh, my God how wrong I was. 

The footsteps behind me stopped at my feet. 

"Now what do we have here? Did Gordon bring me a bonus surprise?"

The strange voice startled me, but I was still hopeful, maybe I was safe. He pulled me to my knees and unbuckled the strap on my gag. I couldn't talk right away and gasped for air. 

"Nice, nice, firm, solid, round, thin and tiny, not what he usually brings me."

He thick fat cock, easily as large as Gordon's pushed passed my lips and straight down my gullet. 

"Good mouth, we'll trained, Gordon has definitely been working on you."

He fucked my face roughly, and then kicked my knees apart. My seven inches sprang up from between my legs, where I'd been hiding it, embarrassed that I now get a hard-on while giving blow jobs. 

"What in the world? Aren't you a sweet little furry mess? How in blazes did a little wisp like you survive being humped by Gordon?"

He stepped on my cock and tiny balls as he enthusiastically fucked my throat. They throbbed under the sole of his shoe as I serviced his huge member between my lips. He twisted his foot as he approached the point of climaxing, and I came as he crushed my privates. I felt his hand upon my head, and his dick increased noticeably in size as he brutally shoved me backwards. His jets of cum splattered all over my body, but mostly it coated the outside of the hood that blinded me. 

"aw, did you blow your nut on the floor? I might have to find a place for your sweet ass close to me on the trip."

He picked me up by my throat, coaxing me to my feet. He unlocked the straight jacket and peeled the outfit from my body. I stood there, swaying, standing for the first time in a week. 

"Let's get these on you, step in, left, step up, right. Perfect."

I stepped into the high heeled shoes he put on my feet, at this point, I would have argued nothing that anyone made me do. 

"Alright honey, stand here and grab your ankles."

My reaction was a little slow for his tastes, and he punished me by smacking the back of my balls. 

"Spread em."

I did what I was told, as fast as I could manage. I grabbed my ankles, as his cock pushed easily into my ass. He fisted my balls, jerking me around as he started to ream me out. He put his hands on my hips and wrenched my ass on to his dick at a speed that I could never accomplish alone. His thumbs pulled my butt cheeks apart, and his thick cock pulled them back together as he jammed his girth inside me. 

"Look at this vestigial cocklette, I am stunned that you can get it hard and even more flabbergasted that your little balls can still make something that approximates man cum."

He grabbed at the back of my neck under the hood at my hair, and snapped my body back. I felt his cock swell again, and he dropped me on the floor, again he stepped on my balls, and emptied his nut across my back shoulders and hood. I lay on the floor breathing heavy and groaning while he crushed my testicles. 

"Here. Clean up. Leave the mask on."

He tossed a wet sponge at my back, and a bucket of cool water to my left. Laying sore and battered on the tile of the floor I wondered if I could even sit on my ravaged anus. I slipped of my shoes, sponging my tender feet and knees, my skin feeling strange and damp as I cleaned myself. As I worked my way to my thighs I noticed the spread of my hips had changed, my ass more amply padded, and my waist. My cock leaped to attention with just the gentle sponging of my asshole. I explored my anus gently with my finger tips, it seemed thicker, more muscular, and more lubricated than before. My dick and balls, were bruised and battered, but more or less as I remembered them, at least without being able to see them. I couldn't remember ever being able to spurt and then fuck again immediately, not even as a teen. 

I continue to explore the changes to my body, where there was once a soft rounded tummy, it narrowed to a hardened washboard, and then I felt them. My tits, warm and firm, with a bit of a bounce and jiggle that I hadn't processed consciously yet. They had to be at least a C cup and my nipples were hard and thick. I tweaked them, and then my most recent rapist kicked me hard in the balls. 

"No fucking around! I said clean yourself up."

I finished the best I could finding long silky strands of hair poking out the back of my hood. 

"Put on this coat. We have places to be."

The coat landed in my lap, it must have been the red raincoat from the lost and found. His voice sounded from the sales floor. 

"Max, Rex, clean out the register, pack as much of the gear into the semi truck as possible, and hang an out of business sign in the front window. Meet us at the address on the sheet, and bring the large crate to the room."
