 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 38: Revelations

Caleldir watched with desire as Naliira unclasped her dress and allowed it to fall in that now-familiar pool on the floor. His eyes roamed over her body for the first time uninhibited by his guilty restraint. "You are very beautiful, my darling." He whispered, causing her pale cheeks to be filled with pleased rosy color. This may be all an illusion, this marriage, but it was a sweet illusion, and Reality had given him permission to indulge the delusion for one night. And so, as she stretched seductively out on the bed, his hands went to the ties on his own clothing, leaving it in a pool next to the dryad's clothing. He stood there, as naked as she, and his arousal was undeniable. Her eyelashes fluttered at him and her teeth caught the edge of her lip in a playfully demure expression. Such a look might have seemed profane on one of the drow women, but on Naliira it seemed wonderfully natural. A mischievous smile crossed over his face, and he, for the first time since he had met the dryad (aside from that time he had been asleep, which didn't count), dropped the veil over his faerie form.

Naliira's flirtatious expression was replaced by surprise and not a small amount of desire. Had she known that he could do that? It would be ridiculous if she hadn't - he was her husband; she should know every detail about him. She had to have known that he was part fey. Apparently the mundane 'wood elf' that she was did not realize it. She was only surprised for the time it took for her crazed mind to adjust for the new information. Then it was like she had always known. "Sometimes I think that you are more beautiful than I deserve." The dryad teased fondly. Not that she was complaining. Far from it; she seemed enormously pleased with herself.

"That would be hard to be." He murmured to her in reply. With that, he clambered into bed next to her. "Let us enjoy this last night together before my journey." He whispered. "Let us imprint our memories into our bodies that we might not forget again."

His whispered words brought a sigh of pleasure to her lips and a burst of warmth that pooled at her sex. "My husband." She breathed into his neck with all the contentedness in the world. She turned until she was partially on top of him. Her leg entwined with one of his and her breasts pillowed against his side. Her hand began to run across his pale flesh as her lips kissed a line on his chin, across his jaw, and down his neck. he turned slightly towards her, tenderly running his fingers through her leafy hair and around her pointed ear. His hand traveled down the side of her face to her collarbone, then down to her breasts where he lightly rubbed across her nipples. He closed his eyes against her kisses, breathing in deeply, while she purred in blissful satisfaction. Naliira's soft brand of naughty smile brightened her face. Her lips continued their downward trend across his collarbone and down the center of his chest. Her body moved sinuously down as well. Those lips did not stop until they reached their goal. She placed an especially long and warm kiss against the head of his manhood. Her hand moved to caress the base of him. "I will do my best to make this memorable, then." Naliira told him, finally replying to his words.

Although the dryad's movements were not as practiced as the drows', nor as natural as the nymph's, Caleldir still found watching her graceful slide down his body to be beautiful to watch. When she reached his cock and gave it a kiss, he let out a satisfied sigh. Then, his eyes lit up. "Darling, I have a great idea." A naughty smile flowed over his face. Naliira was close to him in height, unlike the shorter drow. That meant that if she reversed her position...

Sitting up a little, his arms went to her shoulders. "Turn around so that your womanhood is above my mouth." He whispered to her. "And I will give you something that you are not likely to ever forget."

Naliira's already aroused, pink face grew crimson. Her whole body tingled at the whispered words from spine to pussy. It must have struck her as a good idea, as she immediately repositioned her body for him when she realized what it was he was asking. Her breasts now pressed against his lower torso, she leaned forward to swirl her tongue around Caleldir's lower head. One delicate hand encircled his dick at the base. That hand began to stroke him up and down while her tongue still danced around his sensitive flesh.

And then, she shifted her body as he had suggested, and her womanhood, already incredibly wet and swollen with arousal, was now within easy licking difference. And that smell... Caleldir inhaled deeply. It was like that of a spring rain on sweet-smelling oaken leaves. She was definitely a dryad down here. He could not believe that he had never noticed before. Teasingly, he reached out with his tongue to give her clit a slight touch, even while shivering against her touch and mouth. After his initial taste, which was positively refreshing, a taste that he had never associated with eating a woman out, he decided to her the full treatment, working at his most skilled. And so, he worked his charm magic into his hands and tongue, and set to work, sticking his tongue deep within her and swirling it around to get to every bit of her pussy before pulling it out and concentrating on her clitoris. Meanwhile, his hands worked their way up and down her back, from her shoulder bones to her buttocks, stroking and massaging. 

Naliira tried, she really did, to keep her hand and mouth working on his cock. At first, when it was just his tongue reaching inside her core, it was easy enough. The dryad finally pushed her mouth down to slide him neatly into her mouth. She didn't go very far at all, instead working mainly on the tip with her lips and tongue. Meanwhile, her hand worked up and down against his lower shaft. But it was safe to say that she hadn't had such a talented mouth up on her sex in a very long time - perhaps never. Naliira wasn't prepared for the charm magic, either.

Her motions grew comparatively graceless very quickly after he began working on her in ernest. She whined and gasped against him to give voice to her pleasure. A smile formed on Caleldir's lips, despite how busy they were. Naliira's reaction was quite gratifying. She would orgasm enough tonight to last her in her memories for years, he was determined. For even if he was able to return and cure her, this would likely be their last night together. It had to be memorable one for her sake. Almost as quickly as Selene usually did, Naliira pulled her face away from his manhood entirely to cry out in orgasm. Then she was too busy panting against him to do more than stroke his shaft absentmindedly with her hand. Already this was turning out so much better than the times she'd forced herself on him.

"You're... too good at that, husband." The dryad informed him in a good-humored tone. "That was literally magical. How am I supposed to compete?"

When he felt, and heard, her orgasm, he stopped his licking and sucking, and pulled his mouth away to join her in heavy breathing. "Lovemaking is not a competition, my dear." He told her with solemn playfulness. "And you have already given me so much, I do enjoy giving you this small bit in return."

"No, I suppose it is not." Naliira replied as she laboriously turned herself around until she could see him face-to-face. 

Meeting Naliira's gaze, Caleldir felt his heart stop. Indeed, for a moment, he almost went transparent. In that moment there was no madness in her eyes. There was only the soft smolder of love and arousal. It was a softer, gentler thing than even Ashyr's. It made his throat dry, and melted any remaining resistance in his mind. Regret entered his heart. How could he abandon such a woman who loved him so much? An illusion, delusion, or madness it may be, but her feelings were beyond obvious. He swallowed, his smile faltering. Her rose-red mouth kissed the side of his jaw with near agonizing slowness. He closed his eyes against the affection. He let out a long sigh, contentment mixed with regret.

That being said, the episode had massively increased his own level of arousal, and he was very much ready for his own release. "So, my dear, what do you desire from me next?" He asked with a twinkle in his eye.

A smile formed on her lips. She didn't have to even think about her response. "I want you inside me, husband." She informed him as she moved her body until her dripping wet entrance pressed against his manhood - almost but not quite to the point of penetration. Her lips moved to brush and whisper at his ear. "I want you to fill me until I can take no more." She wanted him to choose to make love to her, and to make the initial move toward that end. It wouldn't make up for all the times she'd forced him into it, but it would at least be a start down the road to recovery. That was how she saw it, anyway. Naliira had no idea that this might be the last time she would get to share a bed with her 'husband.'

Her quick reply did not come as a surprise to Caleldir. "Are you sure that is what you want?" He teased. But he did not tease her for long. His hands traveled down from her breasts to her hips, and pushed her down onto him as he raised his hips, slowly burying him shaft in her pussy until he was completely inside her, enjoying every second of the drawn-out insertion just as much as the groaning Naliira seemed to. Then, he stopped. Sitting up, he pulled her mouth to his, and gave her a deep kiss that she returned with enthusiasm. Pulling his face away, he gave her a smile. "Like this?" He whispered. Lying back down, he began thrusting up into her, slow at first, but increasing in speed until she was bouncing almost enough to pop right off him. "Or like this?" He finished with mischief in his eyes.

Naliira braced herself against the bed and a helpful branch that casually bubbled out from the wall. A giant sentient tree house was just as useful a tool for making love as it was for raping someone. As his pace picked up, so did her voice. It was almost enough to make her orgasm again. Her voice was thick with it as she tried to respond to his question. "As long... as you are making... love to me." She managed through heavy breath. It was an honest response. She liked the kiss just as much as she liked him thrusting up into her, each for their own special reasons.

As fun as the bucking bronco act was, Caleldir could not keep it up all that much longer without pushing himself over the edge. Tonight he could probably manage more than one go, but he still wanted to delay his release until she was ready again. So, he slowed until he was only gently moving inside her. He decided to pull her down to him again, until their faces were inches apart. "Then I will." He whispered. "My dear bride." Then, he gripped her tightly as he came into her.

His words made her bite her lip hard with the new wave of arousal that washed over her. It was both the promise to make love to her and the way he addressed her that made her body tingle all over. She shut her eyes tight and pressed her forehead against his. By the Eternal, it made her feel so happy that it brought tears to her eyes. It also carried her body over the edge until her core pressed and spasmed back against him just moments after he came inside her.

"I love you." She said softly and with all her heart. Her lips pressed against his until she felt the need to pull away to try to catch her breath. Naliira had already been panting hard with her recent climax; the kiss could not be as long as she would have liked. Then she nuzzled into his neck and basked in glorious afterglow with their naked bodies pressed together and him still inside her. 

While enjoying the quiet intimacy of their mutual afterglow, Caleldir gently wiped the tears of happiness from the dryad's eyes. There were almost, but not quite, tears in his own eyes. He felt joy in her joy, after all. But his joy was mixed in with a bit of sadness that was different from hers, different in that it was sadness for the future rather than the past. "I love you too, lovely Naliira." came his reply. He almost resolved at that moment that he really would come back for her and settle down. The memories of her madness and exploitation were long passed, he could only think about this side of her, the sweetly clingy woman who was almost normal despite her overwhelming beauty and power.

In the following quiet of wallowing in pleasure, the sound of two drow doing something that involved copious amounts of moaning swelled to audible hearing. Far from being embarrassed by it, Naliira laughed lightly out the sound. After all, it was 'proof' that her 'husband's' soon-to-be pretty female traveling companions would be far more interested in each other than they were in him. "I think we have given them ideas, love." The dryad commented lightly. "They really are girlfriends, aren't they?"

The sound of Ashyr and Selene having their own little interlude jolted his mind from fantasies of coming back to stay. No. He had responsibilities towards those two, who had done so much more for him than the poor mad dryad had. He could not leave them behind, whatever his feelings towards his psychotic kidnapper. "They generally do not need much of an inspiration to get those sorts of ideas." Caleldir said dryly. "They can be quite distracting with how often they like to enjoy each other. So yes, yes they are girlfriends. Very much so."

"Good." She said with a contented sigh when he confirmed that the two drow were a couple. For some reason, it didn't occur to her that there were more options than monogamy. Perhaps it was due to obsession with everything being a perfect picture of marital bliss that made her always see things exactly the way she wanted to see them. There was nothing she saw that wasn't overlaid with that picture in her head - not even their home, not even Caleldir. It was not him that she loved, of course. It was the idea of a perfect man he fit pretty well into that held all her affection. 

The two of them shifted their bodies to the side, sure to keep their connection unsevered, so that they were side by side with one of her legs draped across him, rather than her on top of him. Caleldir brushed his hand through her green hair. "But I would rather listen to you than them. Shall we continue?"

A brilliant smile bloomed across her face. She even blushed again in that shy sort of way she had, which was ridiculous combined with the fact that they were married (in her mind) and still literally connected at the hip. "Yes, I think we shall." She agreed. Then she rolled over even farther to her back, pulling Caleldir with her until he was on top. Naliira, with her blossom-dappled hair splayed out in a pool around her, was biting her lip again. It only made the soft flesh redder, plumper, and arguably more inviting.

He followed her rolling with practiced reflexes. Caleldir had never thought himself the type to gain skill in the bedroom, but the two drow had been excellent trainers. He was still a rank amateur compared to them, but he felt almost a rush at the fact that for once he was the more experienced partner. Not that the dryad was not powerful enough to make him do whatever she wanted him to experience or no. For the time being however, their desires were aligned.

Looking down at her demurely seductive face, an almost funny expression given their current position, Caleldir could not help but lean down and give her another kiss on the lips, then trail kisses along her jaw and to her neck. As he did this, he began moving against her. This time, he was not in a particular hurry, pushing into her at a sustained pace.

Naliira purred against the feel of his lips around her face. She reveled in the freely given affection, just as she basked in the pleasure of his steady thrusts within her. Her slender arms came up to caress and massage his back and shoulders. Quickened breath came very gradually as he pushed her towards climax at a much more steady pace than all previous occasions. 

The dryad completely ignored the drow, though they seemed to be in the process of getting more and more vocal. Caleldir recognized Selene's voice as the noisiest - which made sense considering how easy it was for her to climax. The noises that the two drow made had originally been rather distracting, but as they continued and Caleldir's worry about betraying them shrunk, he began to actually enjoy the pleasured noises they made. It was actually rather sexy to make love to one women while listening to two others enjoy themselves in such a way, and that was something that he would never have believed he would think. After a while, though, either dryad or tree made the decision to block off the noise a little with the shifting and tightening of the woven branches that made up the walls. Ashyr's muffled laughter floated through the air as a direct result, finding it only slightly more amusing than Caleldir did. Then the drow's moaning resumed, though this time it was much harder to hear. Good to know that the two of them were having fun and not missing him too much. It soothed his guilt quite a bit.

As this happened, she whispered her professions of love and sex-related hopes for the future she did not realize would not come to pass. That guilt Caleldir felt returned a little. It was almost tragic, really. He felt like such a monster for running away, even if he knew that it was all in her head. The guilt was not enough to prevent his body from enjoying the moment though. He felt his second orgasm of the night beginning to build, and he increased his pace until the bed began to move with them, or at least the mattress on it. Then, he stopped as he came for the second time. Seeing as Naliira craved his seed inside her just as much as she desired intimacy with him, his signs of impending orgasm drove her quickly forward to answering climax. She clung to him as she did, and her fingernails unconsciously dug into his back as she did so. Thankfully her nails were not cold iron and could therefore not do too much damage to him. As soon as she realized she was doing it, she bit her lip in embarrassment. 

After both their orgasms settled down, Caleldir allowed himself to collapse forward onto Naliira, their bodies still connected. Caleldir could have likely put his full weight on her without crushing her. She was extremely study despite the litheness of her form. Her arms moved to hug him closer. Although he enjoyed lying on top of a woman he did not have to worry about crushing, Caleldir soon shifted to the side, not breaking skin contact, but still allowing them both some small breathing room. "I do love you." Caleldir whispered. And he meant it. He loved her even through her sad lonely madness. He really would have to return to cure her soon, or he did not know how he would live with himself knowing that he had left her behind dying of betrayal.

Naliira was quiet for a good long time aside from her heavy breath. A blissful smile graced her lips as her heart soared with the satisfaction of the moment. Finally, finally life was they way she wanted it to be. As the silence stretched, the drow must have also wound down. There were no longer noises coming from the guest bedroom, anyway. 
