 I woke up excited at the new adventure in store for the crew and me. We have trained for years for this and now it was finally here....exploring Venus. We stepped out of our ship and onto the rocky surface. It was barren and dismal looking but yet exciting. As we began to look around this new world I noticed a large rock formation that seemed different from the others. I went to investigate. I scrapped off some samples and placed them in my bag. I turned and began to head back when I noticed a light coming from the rock. I went to see where it was coming. As I stood near the rock the ground under me opened and I feel into darkness.

When I awoke my arms were chained above me and to a wall. It was dark and I was unable to see around me. Fear took over, as I was unsure of my future. Who did this to me and what were they going to do to me? I heard movement around me but could see nothing. I saw a figure moving towards me but could not see a face. Where would the face be anyway? Was this a human, a creature? As it came closer I could make out some minor details. It looked like a woman. A woman like I know them to be. She leaned towards the wall and a dim light came on. I could not see a light but the room was now lit. I was in a cell of some type. 

The woman offered a cup to my lips and I drank. The taste was unlike anything I had ever tasted before. It was sweet and cool. I drank it all. I looked at her and could see that she looked exactly like an earth woman. She was beautiful, blond hair and very bright eyes. She was barefoot and wore a short, clinging outfit that revealed an incredible body. As I looked here over I could feel here doing the same. Then I could feel my cock start to tingle and begin to get hard. As it grew harder I could see her eyes focus on the bulge in my pants. 

Feeling a bit embarrassed I asked her, "What am I doing here? Who are you?"

She looked up at me and smiled. "Do not fear. We have no intentions of harming you. We are only interested in a few experiments and then we will release you"

"You understand me! How can you speak English?" I asked.

"This has been our way for many years. I do not know how it began." She replied.

I noticed that my erection continued and was pushing to be freed. She once aging looked at it and walked over and touched it. "You are ready for the first test" she said. 

"Test? What test?" I said with a bit of fear in my voice. She did not answer. 

My cock was harder than I ever felt it before. She took out and instrument from a bag on the floor and sliced my pants off of me. My cock was sticking out, hard and very stiff. She looked at it and smiled. "That is very large," she said. 

"What are you going to do to me?" I asked.

"As I said, just some experiments, that's all. We will not hurt you. The men here have all been destroyed by an illness many years ago. We have been able to continue by reproducing with sperm that they left behind. We are running low and need to extract some from you and your friends."

"My friends? They are here also?

"Yes, in separate rooms. Now please do not speak any longer as I need to begin."

She reached down and took hold of my cock and began to stroke it. "Wow! I have never felt one of these before. The men here were all destroyed before I was born. This feels nice." 

She stoked it slowly as I stood there chained to the wall. Her strokes felt great but then she stopped. She stepped back and just looked at me. 

"We must let you rest a few seconds to make sure that we get a lot of sperm from you, besides doing this to you has caused my body juice to flow. I need to attend to my girl"

She removed her clothes and stood there before me revealing an amazing body. Perfectly shaped breasts, well groomed pussy and very shapely body. She reached her hand down and began to touch her breasts. Here fingers traced her nipples as they hardened from her touch. Here other hand went to her pussy and she inserted a finger inside. She removed the moist finger and slid it up to her clit and rubbed it. My cock was pulsating at the sit of this beautiful woman pleasuring herself. She laid back on the floor exposing her 'girl' to me. She inserted two fingers into her wet pussy while still rubbing her clit. She shoved them in deeper, moving them in and out. Faster, until her body began to tremble. She moaned as an orgasm raced through her body. She stopped and looked at me as my rock hard cock stood in approval.

She stood and came towards me, staring at my cock. Without a word she pressed her wet pussy against it and let it enter her. My rock hard cock slid easily into her wet pussy. She moved back and forth slowly to feel every sensation as she felt a cock for the very first time. I could not believe that excitement as I stood chain to the wall with this woman riding my cock. I could feel my self-beginning to cum. I moaned and said, "I'm going to cum" and she immediately stopped. 

"You can not do it inside of me. Others need your sperm. We must stop." I could not believe that she was stopping. My cock was throbbing and ready to explode. She reached into a bag and pulled out a device that looked like a penis pump. She slid it over my cock and turned it on. It began to stimulate my cock as she pressed her body against mine. Her breasts were pressing to my chest as her lips and tongue kissed my neck and ears. 

She licked my ears and the said, "Please let me have your sperm, let it go into the unit. Cum for me!" Her hand moved down to my balls and massaged them. The sensation was too much for me to handle as I exploded into the device. She looked with amazement at how much sperm I shot out. I came as she continued to milk my balls. Once I stopped she removed the device and capped it and placed into a box. She dressed without a word and started to walk away. 

I said to her, "Hey are just going to leave me hanging here?"

She turned and smiled at me and said, "I have only just begun with you."