 Please be aware,this is a work of fiction, all the characters, places and events portrayed in this story are fictional and represents no real persons or places. The author, in no way intends this story to be a argument against established history. As far as I'm aware no creatures such as are depicted in this story exist, except in myths and legends, like other well known legends; the City of Troy, The kraken, The flat Earth of the European's world of 1500AD. Let it be known, no females characters in this story under the age of 18, were sexual pleasured by any characters described in this story. Finally, this story also explores the moral dilemma; of power vs responsibility, and the need for intellectual and emotional growth. This is my first submission to Literotica.com, so please bear with me, this story will be divided into 5 chapters and hopefully they will be submitted once a week. I hope this story, will entertain, sexually stimulate and/or provide thought provoking insights or conversations. 

Part 1.                    

      "Crossroads"

Where to be begin? I was born in the year of the Dragon, 1701 B.C.E., around the time of the Bhrata dynasty, in a cave outside of the city of Gandhada. I was born into a secret clan of, what mortal men would surely call; Demons. 

Okay, I hear you laughing, "Demons? Sure buddy, ha ha ha"

Well laughing boy, consider this; when Abraham was being told to put his beloved son on the chopping block, my older cousins were fucking and murdering your ancestors; now before you start protesting...consider a very old human phrase, that dates back to ancients time, which states; 

"In the dark of night lives blind terror, early man huddles in groups around large fires fearful of things that go bump in the nite, hunted by dark things with slobbering mouths and inhuman desires, dark things that stalk and creep, preying on sleeping men and lusting with a insatiable need for human females."

Or read The Book of Creation 6:1-8, which refers to fallen angels; "Who lusting after the daughters of man had sexual intercourse with them, creating a race of creatures called Nephilim, or mighty men of renown. Creatures that populating the planet, were famous for their,wickedness, superhuman lust and immoral carnal desires." 

In one ancient book of tribal history, it writes "The Forces of Light destroyed most of these dark creatures in a great flood, but the Dark Gods saved ten percent of the disembodied spirits of the Nephilim to remain after the flood, as demons, to prey upon the human race, through occult deceptions, sexual assaults and murders, perverted sex acts, and the further creation of additional demonic beings, races of supernatural sex demons. 

Later, my species of sex demons were created, but they were not created with the same evil and murderous desires of our earlier...cousins. We were beings who were powerful yes, but gave pleasure instead of pain and death. I should mention, that having studied all the forms of otherworldly creatures, our species is closer in appearance and behavior to the race of Elf kind. 

Throughout my clan's long history, until my birth there had never been a mating between a human mortal woman, and one of my Sire's kind that resulted in a pregnancy. 

Because this kind of event was suppose to be impossible, my birth as a kind of hybrid creature, was looked upon as a cross between a miracle and a blasphemy, 

During my younger years, I came to understand my rare hybrid nature, and the distrust some of the clan members held for me. Knowing this I worked hard to prove I had a place with in this extra ordinate race of beings.

And as I proved my abilities, my loyalty, and my unusual insights of wisdom rare for one of my youth; and of course my Sire's position in the clan...the male members of my adopted extended family, either treated me with awe or smug indifference. But on the other hand, the females members universally were maternal in their interactions with my training,lessons and upbringing, and generally treat me like a son 

My mother, being a mortal and considered a outsider with in the clan, was none the less the chosen mate of a important clan member; and as such, was treated with a silent polite tolerance. 

After my birth, my mother watched my quick growth into; what to her eyes, must have appeared a alien being, and because I was totally unlike her notions of a normal human child, she found herself giving up, more and more of my care and up bringing to the female clan members; now add to that a lonely isolation within the life and activities of this large, strange and unusual family of shadowy creatures, and of course she found it harder and harder to find reasons to stay. Thus being aware of her loneliness and feelings of not belonging, I wasn't surprising that after my 9th year of life, she quietly departed taking her few belongings and a generous gift of rare jewels from her former lover, my Sire, and disappeared down a dusty road to some distant village. 

On my third birthday, there occurred my naming ceremony, my Sire, after discussing the matter with the oldest elders of the clan, settled on a name that would come to symbolize my future and the dilemmas I would often face. Unfortunately our names, cannot be pronounced by human vocal cords, but the closest interpretation of my clan given name, would probable run like;

   "He, who will forever stand at crossroads"    

My Sire in 1669 BCE, (Before the Common Era.) once told me, when explaining my naming, that I, being of two different worlds, had paths to explore that others of our kind would never have available, or for that matter even consider, and during my lifetime, many choices and possibilities would offer themselves, whether I sought them or not.

My Sire waited for a reaction, when I remain silent, he frowned and looking intently at me, said.

"Child of my loins, even tho you have a place in two totally different worlds, you fully embrace your demon side, yet you deny your human side. Clan elders have noted your sometimes selfish,callous and aloof attitude especially when it comes to your sexual prey. You will not be seen as weak or untrustworthy for showing some appropriate human emotions. You know our code of conduct concerning mortal females, how many women have almost died in your embrace or committed suicide? Usually after you with no further interest in your conquests, simply tossed them aside.

"Sire, it is because of the power, and the confusing nature of my human emotions, that I have to block them and quickly walk away to prevent...experiencing a unhappy conclusion such as you had with my, mother, or betraying my destiny. Its just too easy to confuse the sexual or emotional infatuation of some of my...satisfied females, for the possibility of meeting a woman who I can share a real enduring love with, particularly a love that can deal with the true reality of my existence. I have all these conflicting feeling; and thoughts that could lead me to a choice or new direction I'm not prepared for, or might not be right for me. How do I determine which choice, will reflect my true path or for that matter my destiny?" 

In a moment of reflection he said; "When destiny calls; you always have a choice and the freedom, to answer the call, or to seek a different path; a price there may be, but you will find that freedom to choose is seldom free."               

2009 C.E. Present day, on a bus traveling to a distant city. 

I have had a few occasions to see the truth in that simple statement, yet I still avoid lasting relationship with women I have sex with. 

"When destiny calls." 

Which is why on the strength of a series of vague but compelling visions of incredible pain,terror and frightful deaths, that I've changed plans...I should have been on a jet traveling first class, to L.A. To search for new sexual prey, along with other members of my clan; the House of ~Bacchus~Asura Sexcubi~. 

Clan ~Bacchus~Asura~Sexcubi~; Our species was created about 500 years after Steven and Eve were evicted from the garden of Eternal Bliss. The clan has lived unnoticed for centuries in the shadows along side mortal men.                     

It is thought, that we were created by the dark powers as a counter balance to our older cousins; the more destructive and deadly, Incubi and Succubi. 

Legends mention the threat from the mixed birth children of the Shedim(the Hairy ones) male sex demons of the house of Negev~Azazel~Incubi" They who insatiably lust after human women" better known as the Incubus; 

And the more evil, female sex demons, of the House Liltu~Empusae~Succubi, Hecate's hellish daughters, known by a few as the "Demon Sisters." The head of this most feared clan, was Lilith, Steven's first wife, rejected by him, she left Paradise in a mad rage and proceeded to mate with assorted demons, including the powerful demon God of wrath and lust, the terrible, Asmodeus. The Succubus is a night time sexual temptress, who kills by sucking the lifeforce out of male victims during sex, either all at once or over a number nites, curiously, if they become pregnant,(which happens quickly) with a female child, they will spare the male father, if he lasts long enough. But unlike our better known cousins, The clan of the Sexcubus, was always careful to avoid word spreading about our existence.                

The Sexcubus doesn't kill it's prey like our cousins; well except for the young, or inexperienced clan member. We can fuck women, or for female clan members, fuck men to a point just short of death, and to a point of ultimate pleasure, a level of pleasure the unfortunate female or male will never experience again; unfortunately some women and men have gone insane or committed suicide in their desperate and hopeless attempt, to again experience such mind blowing carnal ecstasy.                                

Besides; great sexual skill, insatiable hunger, unlimited sexual energy, stamina, and control of the elemental forces. We are also graced with; incredible psychic mind powers, we can also control our sexual aura and bodily pheromones to irresistibly attract our desired prey. Finally we also can shape shift to be exactly what our prey will most be attracted to. In other words, the perfect sexual lover, and the perfect sexual predator.                                                        

For the last few days, I have been having premonitions, and faint visions about one of the most troubled city in this land; Chi-Town, also known as "The Scarlet City that crouches by the sea." Visions of cruelty, that are extreme even for the race of Man. Pain and suffering, that seems out of place even in Chi-Town.                              

My dilemma; and knowing this could change my life focus, and the path I presently walk, is why should I care. I can give bad feelings, not experience them. All I ever wanted to do is fuck some desirable female's tight hole and enjoy the pleasure of cumming in her hot cunt.            

Looking back at the long centuries of my life, I can count on one hand, all the times I have ever taken any interest in mortal affairs. 

So to be on this bus for the illogical reason of investigating some perceived suffering of some unknown mortals, in some distance city, is insane to say the least. But then remembering my Sire's reflections about choices and paths, Hmmm...maybe not. 

Its been a long trip on this now; dirty, smelly and some what crowded bus. Luckily, two passengers; luckily for them, suddenly decided they should give up the back row of seats; I have decided, should be mine alone.           

One of the benefits of a long life like mine, is the wise accumulation of monetary wealth, and being worth approximately 49 million U.S.D.s; earned from astute investments, landownership sales, the sales of gold items, ancient silver coins and rare gems, have left me in the position to be able to travel any where I might want to go. Which is a good thing since following my instincts and urges, I never know where I might end up, or what I might need. Thus I have my wealth spread out into; 13 bank accounts, in nine different countries. I could buy this bus. "By Hades' burning fires", I could buy the whole damn bus company! But what I seek now is time to consider my future, a long bus ride offers that time to consider my thoughts; my desires and the range of my options.

So here I am, doing something totally unexpected and uncharacteristic for one of my race. With quiet uncertainty I have to wonder; how will this change my future.   Yes, my Sire's words must surely apply in this unexpected turn of events.                     

The bus finally reaches the end of the line in Chi-Town. I wake up; as I was long ago trained, without any movement, I sniff the air, extend my psi senses to scan for danger, only then do I open my eyes. Well it seem it will take a few minutes for the bus to empty enough so I can get off; so laying back in the padded seat, I relax, and just think, and remember.          

   "The deflowering of my Asian lotus flower."       

Well while sleeping; during this unplanned road trip, I was able to recall, some of my more exquisite, copulations. 

Yes like that little Asian treasure...sad, I cannot remember her name. Hmmm, as I recall she had those conservative, prim and proper parents who watched her like a hawk, but nothing can stop a Sexcubus, when we are on the trail of a targeted female.   I had to watch and stalk her for 11 days to determine the best; time, way and place to get my eager phallus up into her tight sweet pussy.   My china doll about 22 yrs old...I think; and yes she was a beautiful feminine dream, with long raven hair, and a petite 5'-5" figure. The poor girl; was a sheltered, repressed, and home schooled, honey of a young woman, who I had bet was more than ready to be fully sexually schooled.   Finally with Her parents out of town on business, I noticed in her mind, that she had a secret crush on some media action star, Steve Segal, her young pussy would become wet and excited, just day dreaming about her sexual fantasy lover .   

And the timing was perfect too, when you added the knowledge that it was 4 days after her period ended and she was hot, cocked and ready to rock.   Can you imagine her shocked surprise, on that hot afternoon day, to open her parent's front door, and comes face to face, with her fantasy lover. 

"Oh my sweet Buddha, Steve Segal,! no way, I've got to be dreaming!" 

I gave her an excuse about car trouble, and asked her for the use of her phone. Her blushing oval face and quickly downwardly casted almond shaped eyes,hid her eager anticipation to unexpectedly achieve her most unladylike...promiscuous desire. 

Finally, still recovering from her shock; she thought to say, "Yes, come in, the phone is over there on the wooden corner table." 

I passed close by the dumb struck girl; and as I did so, I released pheromones designed to drive my oriental prey; into sexual overdrive , then I targeted her life force with my sexual aura. 

After making my "call;" the hot Chinese maiden, seized her opportunity, the suddenly physically over aroused cupcake; with a shaky voice suggested; I should see all of her ..."etchings" of Mr. Segal. 

After entering the small, and rather plain bedroom, and while standing close to the hot and hopeful young "woman-child." she proceeded to point to her large collection of Steve Segal; pictures, posters and sketches, I could easily smell her deliciously wet innocent cunt, just oozing a clean musky feminine aroma. 

Observing her flushed skin, her increasingly labored breathing and her rapidly beating heart, I could sense her hot smoldering need for sex. I slyly observe her slowly leaning toward my body; the body that would soon be pressing forcefully down upon her vulnerable flesh. Glancing at her flushed sweaty forehead and her body's almost violent physical tremors, I knew it was time. 

Using one long smooth practiced motion, she was forced on trembling knees and elbows, into a doggie position across her small twin sized bed; her brown pleated skirt was bunched up around her slim waist, her white cotton panties effortlessly ripped off her petite but fleshy hips, her firm pale, well rounded, butt cheeks, waving in the suddenly primal musky air, Oh how they trembled in the grip of my heated powerful vise like hands. 

Yes; her only once penetrated body was ready, her tiny cunt's swollen clit, her plumb pink pussy lips opened up, and the sight and scent of her flowing juices, was like a red flag in front of a mad bull. 

Her pleas to be gentle; were a waste of breath, My sex organ magically rose into place Sticking out to a length of 9 inches and was still growing, my proud purple colored member is almost as thick as a man's wrist, hard as a iron pipe, it's many thick blood vessels stand out like purple corded rope. 

As a final move, I send a psychic thought to her sexually inflamed mind 

"You need it so bad; you have waited so long, you're die if you don't get Steve's penis deep in your vagina...right now" 

Wow, no sooner than my lusty dick head touched her hot pussy lips, but the suddenly desperate oriental cookie; lasciviously backed her eager, lewdly inviting opening hard against my swelling erection, and her hoped for, sexual salvation. 

But it was a shocking surprise, when my large cock started it's slow penetration of her tight pussy hole--a hole which was brutally stretched open; and opened much wider than she was prepared for. 

"Oh God...It so big!" She tried to shift her painfully penetrated opening away from the invading cock, to no avail, I firmly held her lush trembling hips, so more of my hard shaft could slither forcefully into her pussy's juicy wet depths, she made one more futile attempt to wiggle free. 

Finally, she surrendered to the inevitable filling of her, by then sore cunt by the surging prick, she started whimpering in Chinese for mercy, but her pleas ended in moans of fear and pain. 

No matter, I knew what she was panting, and I really didn't care. 

Holding on to her soft; franticly squirming hips, my hungry leering eyes glanced down at the arousingly horny sight of her shapely thighs forced wide apart; her slim body helplessly bended over into a sexy, doggie position. 

 The provocative view of her alluringly white ass, hanging high up in the warm air. 

Her impaled, stretched pussy, her straining slender arms stretched out in front to support her body, which along with her bobbing head was being throw back and forth in time to my thrusting into her fluid drenched opening, her small hands tightly clutched the ruffled Chinese spread. 

My desires were fulfilled, this slender girl was totally exposed, impaled on my relentlessly thrusting dick, and vulnerable to my every lustful desire. 

I happily flexed my powerful muscular hips, and in smooth patience thrusts, my gleeful cock relentlessly plowed,into the moaning girl's convulsing flesh. 

"Thanks to the Maker", I thought, as the full impact to my senses by the euphoric nature of all these carnal sensations flooded my consciousness;

The sight of her beautiful vulnerable body at my mercy.

The scent and odors of a man and woman engaged in primal rutting sex 

Her tight, wet clinging female flesh which was barely able to wrap possessively around my rampaging shaft. 

Ahhh--the pleasure pain; not only of her tight grip, but my large dick head pushing deeper into her pussy and hitting with jarring force into her cervix. 

I could just barely contain myself from really thrusting my rampaging sex organ even deeper and brutally harder into my Asian prey. 

By that point as I continue to ram myself into her wide open pussy, the deceived Asian girl was then whimpering and drooling half unconsciously, as her puffy face was dragged back and forth on her bed in time to my horny thrusts; her limp violated body was only held in her submissively vulnerable position by my strong flexing hands. 
