 Please be aware,this is a work of fiction, all the characters, places and events portrayed in this story are fictional and represents no real persons or places.

The author, in no way intends this story to be a argument against established history. As far as I'm aware no creatures such as are depicted in this story exist, except in myths and legends, like other well known legends; the City of Troy, The kraken, The flat Earth of the European's world of 1500AD. 

Let it be known, no females characters in this story under the age of 18, were sexual pleasured by any characters described in this story. 

Finally, this story also explores the moral dilemma; of power vs responsibility, and the need for intellectual and emotional growth. This is my first submission to Literotica.com, so please bear with me, this story will be divided into 5 chapters and hopefully they will be submitted once a week. I hope this story, will entertain, sexually stimulate and/or provide thought provoking insights or conversations.  



     The Cumming of the Sexcubus

       Chapter 2

    A Passionate Interlude, before the Storm 



Its been about six weeks and several days, since I arrived on that muggy May Chi-Town City day. My insatiable sexual lust has found a carnal paradise. yes from sweet innocent college students, eager to experiment, to lonely desperately passionate secretaries; to very experienced and expensive call girls, funny how they always seem to forget to charge me for their services, at least those that are still conscious. 

One early affair was a classic Sexcubus man oeuvre. I stalked the lovely woman for three days.          



"In the dark where I hunt; there lives fear, loneliness, death and horny sexual craving, there you will find me lurking; waiting for the...One."          



   Part 1



 Be careful what you wish for



Once upon a time in a far away, large city by the name of Chi-town, lived a young, attractive; but surprisingly lonely woman, born into a well to do family, she was christened at birth; Heather Stinson, she had just experienced her 28th year since that long ago event. Spoiled, selfish and thinking she was above the common masses, she is about to experience a lesson in humility 

As a very drunk Heather, slowly climbs unsteadily up to her 3rd. Floor, one bedroom apartment and sunk deep in a bitter state of mind, she can be forgiven for not noticing the bodiless bright leering red eyes that floated up the stairs behind the shapely distracted female. 

Deep in thought, Heather is remembering the depressing evening spent drinking, with some of her "lucky" female employees. A girl's nite out, became a personally embarrassing reminder that she would be spending the weekend alone again. 

In frustrating silence, while downing, way too many mixed drinks, she was forced to listen to; Amy, Linda, Maxine and big mouth Ashley, spout on and on about the great relationships, and even worse, the great sex, they indulged in with regular clockwork like precision. And here She was, the owner of a Fortune 500 Company; she is from a old money family, she has breeding, intelligence and she looks like a dream, and there is no man in her life. 

Despite her alcohol dazed mind, while trying to struggle up the last flight of stairs, she was still able to count off her list of immature losers. 

Ill equipped mommies' boys and egoistic macho wannabes, "I wouldn't have minded so much but, 5" dicks and 10 minutes sex...if I was lucky, Please!"

After a long awkward attempt, Heather manages to unlock the 3 locks that safeguard her apartment from unwelcome intruders; except for the invisible sexual spirit, which has also flowed in unnoticed by the disgusted woman. 

With a careless flick of her dainty wrist, her purse lands right on the edge of her, brown leather trimmed sofa, then slides mockingly onto her forest green carpeted floor, spilling it's contents. 

"Oh great, one more fucked up thing tonite, damn, what a fucking shitty life."

Collapsing on her sofa, she absentmindedly reaches over to the sofa table and picking up the bowl of "monster high" producing weed she had picked up yesterday to get her through another boring weekend alone; thinking to herself, I just cannot take any more bars with their cattle calls. Hmmm, at least the smoke lives up to Jose's bragging, cause his lovemaking sure didn't. After a few pulls with her custom made pipe..."Wow this stuff is good." 

Laying back on the soft and expensive sofa trying to forget, "her evening with the girls." Heather turns on her Sony 32" HD. TV and tunes into a MTV music video. Heather's mind, now completely blown wide open with liquor and weed, is finally relaxing, but then remembering the sexual escapades of her co-workers, sexual frustrations release dark hidden sexual thoughts and desires, which activates her repressed passionate imagination, 

But unseen by the tired, dazed and intoxicated woman. 

A Thing in the dark, which possesses a very ancient cunning mind, a mind of unending carnal lust and incredible psychic powers, a mind that pulses with vastly darker sexually desires, is watching her, with it's greedy red eyes. 

The power of it's centuries ancient, mixed human and demon bloodline; it's aroused predatory sexual instincts; it's masculine horny longing for the beautiful lonely girl, inflames it's nature into a state of red hot carnal hunger. 

The Thing, feels it's racing blood singing it's, age old siren call to fuck any available attractive female; and here before it's lusting eyes, is...lush, young female prey, and since she has been so long with out a satisfying sex partner, her passions will be easy to incite, her sweet young pussy will be all the tighter to grip it's thrusting, lust swollen phallus. 

The horny creature grows even more determined to sexually possess Heather, and smirks with wicked images of her eagle spread thighs, and skillfully forcing it's hard muscular sex organ deep into her soft tender cunt. 

Yes let the rapture begin, the sex crazed creature is insidiously caressing her with potent irresistible psychic energy, which flows all around her and penetrate her vulnerable mind and body, from her soft feet, up her spine and to every part of her being. The supernatural energy simulating her emotional, sexual passions and her unsatisfied physical needs. 

Overwhelmed with a building, heighten need for sex, Heather yells out loud.

"Theres got to be a real man out here, some where, cause this sweet little girl is so fucking horny, I wish a real man was here now, he doesn't have to have a job, or money or be a blue blood, just as long as he is a tall; dark, mysterious, muscular stud...with a big thick prick, yeah his cock has got to be long and thick, and rock hard. Oh hell yes, I would pay to have some one like that here to fuck me for hours, all fucking weekend long, every way they can think of, they could do anything and everything to me, come on stud, fuck me, fill all my holes with cum, I'm getting so hot, I would spread my legs for a rutting horse in heat" 

The combination of intoxication, carnal frustration, a natural passionate nature, and finally the powerful presence of a invisible sexual life force of dark elemental energy; which can tempt, seduce and easily control any woman, well beyond her meager power to resist, helplessly Heather fall under the influence and mesmerizing power of the ancient creature. 

The Thing in the dark, senses Heather is now his to do with, as he will. Exerting just a small measure of mental psychic strength, the helpless girl without conscious thought, and not knowing why, rises from the comfort of her sofa and head for her dark unlit bathroom. 

She is being guided by a unseen hidden mind and energy; to shower, dress and prepare herself for a night of vigorous mindlessly horny, sex. Her wish for sex with a strong well hung male stud, is about to becoming frighteningly real. 



Carelessly and without any thought to her actions, Heather drops her expensive fashion trendy gray blouse and matching skirt on the carpet and just as quickly removes her pink bra and then her panties. Panties that are now wet with her hot juicy fluids oozing slowly out of her tight little sex hole. 

Of slightly above average height, Heather's well maintained 5'-9" athletic body, is supple and flexible from daily workouts, and due to her Nordic and American Indian heritage, she was born with a exotic tan skin tone, which give her body a very healthy glow. 

Gifted with near perfect beasts, 34" double C cup, erect finger tip sized swollen nipples crown her dark aureoles, which grace her firm uplifted breasts. 

Looking into the large bathroom mirror, she proudly observes her taut figure. Her long golden blond hair now in disarray, frames her cute and beautifully structured oval shaped face, the almost almond shaped deep blue eyes, the small straight nose, and her cupid lips, so ready to be kissed. 

Her eyes travel down the appealing curves that lead to her small lean waist, then curves out ward again into her 35 inch, rounded hips.

She glances at her nicely trimmed V shaped bush, which fails to hide the slightly jutting rounded Mon of Venus, which guard as well as leads the way to her hidden treasure, the thick pouting outer lips that hide a long, tight, very snug, muscle lined tunnel lined with soft, delectably wet gripping and clinging flesh. 

A pussy which, up to now hasn't been properly stuffed with a dick, worth talking about, turning she glimpses her sexy, well shaped muscled ass checks(no jiggling flesh there) 

"and look at those firm thighs, so why cannot I connect with the type of man, I need?" 

Throughly showering her lush horny body, she finishes with a brisk toweling of her now clean and gleaming figure. 

Padding into her dimly lit bedroom, Heather goes through her collection of colorful; shear and revealing, Adam and Eve, Victoria Secret and Xandria, lingerie. 

"Hmmm...this pink, white and black trim, baby doll set." 

"Any man, would love these, they look so hot; yet innocent, classy, and sexy with a touch of feminine sweetness, all at the same time" 

Dressing as if a real man is lustfully watching her, she does her version of a strip tease in reverse. Not knowing, something with lustful intent, is watching her with mounting sexual desire. 

Finally she turns down the ceiling lite and turns on her MP3 player and picking a favorite, slim black vibrator, she lays herself down on the queen sized bed, slowly, suggestively, she slides her left hand down her eager body, caressing her breasts and stomach, then down between her open quivering thighs, with shaking fingers she gently opens her swollen aching pussy lips revealing their pink glistening folds, which surrounds her small slopping wet pussy opening, with her right hand she brings the small black sex toy down to her tight empty cunt. 

"well Heather, I guess this is the best I can do for myself tonite" 

The Thing in the dark, just Smiles            



The Thing in the dark, it's eyes narrowed to slits, watches Heather play with her vibrator as she caresses her southern hot spot, working the black buzzing toy first slowly around her wet outer lips, she move the head of the black tool closer to her now opening vagina, the gleaming head completely slides around the oozing opening, before pushing into her hungry glistening opening, low moaning purrs fill the hidden creature's mind with her hot desire to come forth.

The creature's patience can take no more of this sexy teasing, and it decides to join the fun. 

Busy working toward a much needed release from her sexual tension, with her eyes tightly closed; visualizing a well hung lover, and with the music playing on her MP3 player, Heather's mind is in a far away place. 

So she neither sees or notices the dark red mist, flowing into her partially lit bedroom. 

Slowly the mist rises to form a indistinct shape, the shape takes the form of a human like body but very tall, very powerfully build, standing 6'-6", the shape was muscular and very masculine in it's details. 

It, has iron hard muscles with not a ounce of flab, weight lifter shoulders and powerfully muscled arms, a broad barrel chest, supported by a lean and trim waist with very impressive 6 pack abs, and is completed by dancer or gymnast like hips that connect equally athletically muscled legs. 

But most interesting and also most disturbing, was the perfectly symmetrical structure of It's inhumanly beautiful but still masculine face. 

If you took a tall 325 lb. Greek statue of say Adonis or Eros, and watched it being infused with the primal spirit of a insatiable sex demon and the erotic, carnal desires of a healthy 21 year old male, then gave it hairless dark tanned skin and bright glowing red eyes, this is what a observer would have seen materialize, and stand in front of the foot of Heather's bed, while the furiously masturbating woman is completely unaware of her uninvited admirer.               

After what seems like a hour of vigorously caressing her now red swollen pussy with the useless vibrator, Heather, is super pissed not to been able to achieve that orgasm she so sorely wanted, and needed. How can she know the Thing in the dark is preventing her from cumming...yet. 

It is only then that she notices, a very strong arousing masculine aroma that seems to be flowing from right in front of her, a sensual blend of equal parts of sexy male musk, a fresh exotic scent of grass and wooden forest, the salty invigorating smell of the ocean at dawn and the unmistakable musky sea/fish odor of...sperm filled semen. 

Startled, scantly clad, Heather's eyes snap open to see her room now impossibly framed in a flicking wall of searing red fames, the ceiling, the walls, even the floor, seem to be on fire, only her large black satin covered bed seemed to be unaffected. 

"Wait a minute, there no feeling of heat, no smell of smoke, the fire alarm should have activated by now, what the hell is going on here?" 

A soft chuckle, and a shocked Heather, finally manages to adjust her eyes to see the male shape that looms unnoticed in the frightening surroundings. 

Towering above her, she first observed the bright shining red dots where a normal human being would have eye sockets, then her widening blinking eyes travel 

down to a sinister smug smile, playing across a inhumanly beautiful face. 

"What kind of crazy dream, am I having? Jose must have slipped me some LSD, this cannot be real!" 

In her dazed mind a booming male voice, announces to her unbelieving mind. 

"YES, my lovely little flower, this is quite real. Everything you wished for and oh so much more; a sexual stud is now here for you to experience and enjoy. A sinfully wicked sexual realty, oh so real, and all for horny you."  

Heather attempts to scream, but no sound escapes her suddenly dry lips. 

"Don't fret, we will communicate by telepathy thought, wouldn't want to wake and alarm the neighbors with our loud cries of sexual passion, now would we, my sweet sexy Heather?" 

Looking up at the Dark skinned creature, who is eagerly appraising her wantonly almost naked, and totally vulnerable shapely body, he is just standing there in total confident, with his massive muscular arms folded in a relaxed manner across his powerful chest. 

Knowing that this; this being in front of her is prepared to do everything she so foolishly wished for in her living room. 

She wonders just how big his dick could be, as if hearing her unspoken question, the lustful creature's smile grows even larger. 

Heather gathers courage from some where, and her questing eyes travel down the creature's strongly build frame, finally settling on his smooth skinless loins, shock and amazement, flood her mind.

There's no Dick! she thinks. 

"Yes there one here, and just for you my slutty angel, you wished for a...Hmmm, how did you put it? A long, thick prick that was rock hard?" 

Heather finally thinks to ask.

"who, are you...what, are you?

"Heather, you should, I guess know a little about me, since I know you, oh so very well now. And you should have a name to scream out your pleasure and pain to, unfortunately, human vocal cord are unable to pronounce, my full given name, but in your tongue it would loosely translate to"... 

"He, who will forever stands at crossroads" 

"So lets see now, I have been given and taken many names through out time, Hmmm, call me, Ravana, the Night Wanderer" 

"As far as what I am, what else...Demon, a being with a large appetite for attractive available females; all races, all classes, all sizes. 

But even Demons have their rules; no married,or engaged women, no virgins...well, I break that one, on a occasion or two for special women. No females on their period, no old hags and no young little girls under the age of 20, none of these, need apply."

"But anyway, I got just what your lusting for, meet Attila, the snake in the grass." 

The creature called Ravana, just stares at Heather's eyes and face. 

Heather's eyes are locked on Ravana's groin, and before her amazed eyes, a slit appear, and as it opens, a clear musky and very slimy fluid oozes out, the slit opens wider to allow the large purple skinned testicles the size of plump lemons to fall down ward. 

Without thinking she yells, "Oh my God, is that 3 balls?" 

"Yes my pretty, the better to fill you up, many times with my cum, ready for, it?" 

Oh I hope I'm ready, she thinks. 

As Heather breathlessly watches, the biggest cock head, she had ever seen, short of a Jon Holmes movie, began it's stately entrance to the out side world, the size and general shape of a large plum, it was already oozing a stream of semen, and the slime coated thick shaft that poured out behind the large head was from the top to the bottom of the heavy tube of flesh, must have been almost 3 inches thick, Hmmm, that would be a 9' all the way around 

Studying the thing it was as muscled as the rest of this fantastic creature. 

"Wow that looks like its at least 10 inches long!" 

"Oh, you impatient nymph, relax, it's not really hard yet, add 3 or more inches and your close." 

"14 inches! Heather moans, Oh God, thats a monster."

"No, it's Attila, my sweet Heather, but it can be a friendly snake...in your tight juicy garden. And I promise, when I'm through it will fit just right in you, of course you may be stretched a little bit." 

"A little bit?" she whimpers. 

Then as she watch the hardening phallus, it raises up and up and extends, like some organic baseball bat, toward her surprise lips. 

To Heather, the air, the very atmosphere in the room seems to be come more primal, more raw, like they have returned to a more primordial time in the planet life. 

To Kim's shocked and racing mind the old saying, 

"Be care what you wish for", come to the forth.

The creature with a sly smile, bend over and then kneeing on the carpeted floor, the Thing's arms stretch out and grab the back of both of Heather's knees and pulls her resisting legs far a part, the grinning Thing forces her legs to bend so her knees are pushed back to her shoulders, leaving her loins spread wild open and totally vulnerable to the horny Thing's lustful imagination.

The Demon lowers it's smiling face between Heather's out stretched thighs and with one long slow swipe of it's wet thick 7 inch tongue, Heather has no doubt to the creature's intention. The snake like tongue begins by tracing circles around her trembling wet opening. 
