 Please be aware,this is a work of fiction, all the characters, places and events portrayed in this story are fictional and represents no real persons or places.

The author, in no way intends this story to be a argument against established history. As far as I'm aware no creatures such as are depicted in this story exist, except in myths and legends, like other well known legends; the City of Troy, The kraken, The flat Earth of the European's world of 1500AD. 

Let it be known, no females characters in this story under the age of 18, were sexual pleasured by any characters described in this story. 

Finally, this story also explores the moral dilemma; of power vs responsibility, and the need for intellectual and emotional growth. This is my first submission to Literotica.com, so please bear with me, this story will be divided into 5 chapters and hopefully they will be submitted once a week. I hope this story, will entertain, sexually stimulate and/or provide thought provoking insights or conversations.

The Cumming of the Sexcubus

Part 3.

A Dark Storm of Justice or

Who I fucked over the Summer!

I heard a story recently, about a wrongly arrested man, a out of towner here to visit his family.. After he was cleared of all charges, he asked the Judge, "what about the policemen who falsely arrested me and used a lead filled rubber hose on me? Where is the justice?"

The stern faced judge looked at the dark skinned complainer, and smirked, "Boy, here we get paid to dispense, the laws of man, we don't have no time for justice, but sonny so you don't go away mad, I think I know where you can get some of that there justice, all you got to do is get killed, and make it up to that there man upstairs by the pearly gates, I hear he's got a shit load of Jus-tice, Ha,Ha,Ha!"

So goes law enforcement, and justice, in Chi-Town.

Now in most big cities, the largest group in most police department, are simple men and women looking for a career so they can afford to raise a family. They don't stick their necks out to make waves or try to be heroes, they just want to do their job and go home in one piece. 

And then there is another group on the force; the insecure bullies, and the power hungry semi-criminal, macho wanna bes. But in Chi-Town, the numbers were reversed, the sprawling city had a greater number of lazy, mean spirited criminally gifted officers, and more officers on suspension for brutality, thieve and filing falsified reports, than any other city for a thousand miles in any distance. 

But almost over looked, is the smallest group, officers who wanted to make a difference, they wanted to help people and get the bad guys off the street.

It didn't take me long to single out a potential ally, and make contact. 

How time flies, when your having fun, its almost September already. Yes, 

there used to be a lot of bad people operating here but I do have this intensive hate for bullies, and when cunning but stupid minds tangle with a cunning and intelligent mind; bodies start showing up in jail or increasing the workload at the local graveyard. So far I have hit a perfect score. At the beginning of the summer I started with what I thought were the worst of the city's thugs, two dangerous groups, of hardcore career criminals. 

First to go, was a white slavery gang from a eastern country, caught, and going to prison. Funny how quickly the cops got in action after a few well placed calls to local news stations concerning a certain rundown building that the city and police were ignoring on the far northwest side of the city. A place where desperate pleas for help and loud screams of pain and torment could be heard sometimes late in the summer nite, and a place some local residents believed was a residence for a large vicious gang of men who had recently arrived in the city to set up shop. 

The gang once set up and organized, had proceeded to; look for the right females, stalk, kidnap, and assess their new "property." Then came the enjoyment of breaking the spirit of these spoiled, lazy and spiritually corrupted unchaste females. This was then followed by the discreet transport of the womens for the sex trade in Turkestan and several middle eastern countries. 

The members of the gang got points for every, virgin or blue eyed blond girl under the age of 21 they could grab without attracting the attention of the authorities.

Of course they were more than willing to settle for other races; ages and non virgins ( as long as the victims were attractive and under the age of 35). 

The men with the most points, at the end of a two week period got to pick any non virgin, or rejected prospect in the captive group of females; and then do whatever they wanted sexually, to their helpless selected women...some of these girls, didn't survive. 

But the brutal gang's luck changed, when first the lowest rated T.V. Stations and then the police were tipped off by reportedly, "anonymous phone" calls. The call to the police going to one of the few honest police detectives on the force, Cdr. John Mackey of violent crimes. Anonymous? No, the detective knew who I was. Once he made the right calls to the right police brass, it was a horse race to behold, the news vans with a slight lead just managing to get there before the speeding army of embarrassed cops in cars, vans and S.W.A.T. filled trucks. 

After a wild shootout between the now enraged police and the sleepy intoxicated gang of slavers, the terrified women and girls were rescued and taken to several nearby hospitals.

Of the reported 29 members of the group, only 13 of them survived and only because of the presence of the news cameras, which prevented the surviving slavers, from being quietly murdered. 

The remainder of the now sulking and really pissed off kidnappers, would now have their day in court, and face the laws of man. 

Fuck the laws of man, in the interest of my idea of justice, I made sure that some of the baddest and meanest jail inmates, mostly leaders of prison gangs, located at the gang of kidnappers' future destination, were informed with a psychic whisper in their sleep, that the soon arriving newest members of the prison, had been planning to kidnap "their" wifes, daughters and girlfriends to be sold for sex. Yes the gang of slavers are 100% double damn guaranteed to receive a real warm and friendly reception at their new residence.

Next on my pre-Xmas shopping list, the worst thugs of the two biggest gangs in the city; the northeast Maniac Gestapo Mobsters, and the 70st street High Supreme Bangers. Within these two gang were separate rogue factions, containing the very worst individuals in the city. Extortionists, rapists, loan sharks, so called pimps and all of them totally cold blooded murderers, these two different gang groups, working separately have kept the crime and murder rate high for the pass several years.

A series of unnoticed psychically directed; small but detailed hints to their equally small minds; and both renegade groups of thugs tried to hit, what they each thought in their confused minds was a well stocked, lightly manned drug house. One group of 21 mobsters attacking from the front and the other group of 26 bangers hitting the rear entrance... 

...of the 933th M.P. Battalion's armory; and unfortunately for our very unlucky thugs, the whole battalion had just been issued live ammo for a day long visit to Fort Patton's target ranges, and were armed to the teeth. 

The large unread signs, the psychically blinded thugs passed at the entrances of the armory, promised; "TRESPASSERS WHO SURVIVE, WILL BE PROSECUTED" 

Well boys and girls, after the massacre there weren't too many gang bangers, still in any shape to be prosecuted. After the smoke had cleared, only three gang members lived to attend very long prison sentences, guests at the most violent Federal prison in the country.

Next on my list to receive my poetic sense of justice, the Dragomir cousins, Daminan and Vlad. At first I thought I was wrong, and they were just part of a family of small time drug distributors and fences for stolen property. But I soon found out what the two cousins did to unwind; homicidal rapists, who specialized in brutal sexual assault, torture and murder of female college students. The cousins coming from the old country; to their twisted minds, these females, instead of being at home, taking care of their men, cooking and having babies, are shamelessly out at night attending school, unchaperoned with unrelated male class mates. 

I would come up with a satisfying plan for these macho bad boys, they would if this worked out, get my Steve Kingston storybook solution; which states, when faced with two really evil nightmarish personalities; simple, set them up for a fatal blind date, with two much more evil and murderess sexual personalities. 

A few weeks after arriving in the city, I started to sense first one then another supernatural presence. Dividing my time between info gathering, sexual affairs and tracking the faint presences, I would pick up mostly at nite. 

I finally found my...cousins, one of each kind. 

One demon, a teacher at a private male school, is a beautiful voluptuous woman during the day and a ravenous incubus at nite.

A note to the reader, a little known fact, a male; or a female may serve as a host during the day, and transform into the relentless Incubus at night. 

three days later, following my instincts, I was checking a quiet remote northeast side area near the ocean, that as I got closer, almost screamed with evil supernatural power. I watched a man seeming getting lucky; but tonite this gentleman has instead gotten a case of fatal bad luck! 

Damn, here was the second evil presence I had sensed...a Succubus, and worse, not just a member of the dreaded Demon Sisters, but a founding member...Akivasha herself, a sexual vampire princess of long ago Luxur, the dark sinister capital of monster haunted Stygia. Just fucking great, and here she was in Chi-Town, in all her lasciviously hellish glory. 

A some what complicated plan soon came to mind, yes simple is always better, but the poetic irony of the scheme was to my mind, well worth the added risk.

I realized immediately without a doubt, I would only be able to pull off this, four for one eliminate match, with a mixture of one part knowledge of my targets, one part skill, one part supernatural powers and lots of luck, yeah luck better suited for the best gambling casino on the planet.

So the players on the other team; two murderous, pathologically sick rapists, one dual sexed Incubus and one ancient, very cunning, totally wicked Demon Sister, a powerful, voracious sexual vampire.

Opposing them, one lone Sexcubus, yeah it wasn't a fair or equal contest, but thats their problem.

I was well aware of the violent and dangerous potential of my enemies, but my advantages included: 1. They didn't know they were in danger, they had been operating with impunity for so long, they are narrowly focused only on devouring their prey, and not looking out for assailants. 2. My psychic powers are greater than all my opponents, of course they are only marginally better than Akivasha, but by keeping my mind blank or shielding my thoughts, she wouldn't be able to sense me unless I was within 12 to 18 feet of her and she was actively scanning for my presence. 3. I'm physically stronger than all of my enemies with the possible exception of the Incubus. 4. Finally, I had a single goal directed purpose, I knew all of my opponents and their strength and their weaknesses, I knew their operating areas and where they lived. They on the other hand, were operating separately, without a unified plan or purpose, and they knew nothing about me.

My first step was to get the Dragomir cousins' attention, having covertly followed them while they made their rounds, picking up meth shipments and stolen property. I discovered, that Daminan, had a 27 year old female cousin living in their house in the New Town neighborhood, she would be my passport to the targets. I changed my appearance to resemble a fellow countryman.

Her name was Zeska, a very passionate and headstrong distant cousin, who being new to this strange country and having poor use of English was forced to seek shelter with her conservative and dominating male cousins. Having been beaten several times for being out without the presence of a male family member, Zeska, had grown used to staying in the house, even during the day. 

Since she didn't have any way to meet a man, she had also grown used to being forced to engage in sex with her always horny, sadistic cousin Vlad, who had a month ago, also got her hooked on crystal meth to help keep her under their control. A password had been arranged so Zeska would know who could enter and hang out at the jointly owned two story family bungalow, what with almost 58, assorted family members who moved in and out of the city. 

Standing out side of the old bungalow in the hot noontime sun, I already knew that the two cousins were on the other side of town, getting work done on their 1999 Ford van, and later they intended to scout tonight's pick, Palmer college, one of 8 different types of colleges located in the city. Tonight was a weekly routine in their search for possibles female victims, usually their searches lasted until 11 or 12 at night. 

From inside the first floor rooms, I could easily hear a eastern version of punk rock music playing. Extending my psi senses I probed the interior of the structure, ok, good no one else was home. I saw in Zeska's intoxicated mind the password phrase I needed to use to get inside the house. 

My appearance was modeled after a image in Zeska's mind of the perfect male face and body. After I knocked on the heavy wooden door, a pale milky white face came to the door's view port. 

In a drunken daze, she yelled "You, what you want?"

"Zahar hitzak, zuhur hitzak" or in English, "Old sayings are wise sayings."

Hearing the correct phrase, Zeska, unlocked and swung open the door.

With a haughty tone of voice, she asked " Name, what is it?" 

"Nickolai Basque, I'm a distant cousin of Daminan,I need his assistance in a task he would find, how you say it, good for his(placing my hand on my crotch) appetite, and his wallet. May I sit?" shouting over the blaring music.

Zeska nodded her ok, then stopped to turn the eastern excuse for music down, I sized up the crank addicted woman, besides being quite high, she also had several bruises and a black eye, she was dressed up in black Gothic clothes, wore black painted lips and black polished finger nails, but interestingly her bare skin showed no tats. Her shoulder length black, red streaked hair was greasy and unkempt, and gave her long square face's pale skin a ghoulish tint. Since she hadn't been hooked on crank long, and despite being tall at 5'-10", she none the less still had a very shapely curvy body. 

If she had cleaned her self up, the long legged girl would have been a interesting fuck. 

Slowly my attention was distracted, I had a almost uneasy feeling like I knew her from somewhere, a feeling of having met her or some one like her before. For a while it was a eerie sensation lingering in the back of my mind. Giving her a second deeper look, I noticed within her red, drugged eyes, a deep sadness and a sense of hopelessness which was held locked deep inside the swaying black claded woman. 

As my aura's energy flowed over the dazed woman's mind, she suddenly focused her eyes on her visitor, and smiled a drunken smile.

"Ah, cousin...uh, Nickie, you very cute...uh, you have...woman?"

"Depends, on why you would be asking, this one"

"Nickie, tell me...don't you think I'm...beaut-iful?" 

"Zeska, you are good looking woman, your man is lucky."

" Sadly no, Nickie, Zeska, without man for long time, Daminan won't permit to meet man who not family. Hmmm...maybe Nickie, you be my man, yes?"

As the she moved closer to me I released a stronger than usual spray of pheromones, to quickly cut through her unsettled mind

I knew I could take Zeska, any time I wanted, drugged up the way she was, and with my stimulating energy and my powerful scent teasing and arousing her consciousness and sexually needy physical body. But at first I was turned off by the unclean look and odors radiating from this mistreated woman, but a feeling more like understanding than either lust or pity moved me to reconsider, I decided to give her what she hungered for.

But first she needed to bath...badly, concentrating I placed the idea in her drug addled mind to wash up or shower in the bathroom.

"Oh...my sexy Nickie, don't move...you sit and listen to Zeska's music...I return, fresh and ready for loving, yes?"

"I sit and wait for loving, you, yes."

Without another word, she turned toward the bathroom, the happy, swaying woman singing off key, almost tripped on trash scattered around the hallway entrance, Righting her self she staggered toward the bathroom. 

Good I had some time to try to sense the location of all the players, centering my self, I astro projected my mind through the many levels of astro awareness, to level 24. On this level one can observe all actions, events, thoughts and sounds ever said, committed or made. Hmmm...the cousins were eating at a eastern specialty restaurant, their van, wouldn't be ready for several more hours, good. There's the demon school teacher, she/it, was...wow, fucking the daylights out of, not one, but two senior football jocks in her locked classroom, well she sure gave new meaning to, after school tutoring sessions. And theres greedy Akivasha, sleeping off her last feeding, talking about lusty sexual hunger, 4 men in one nite. 

Well I guessed I could kill off a little time with miss Zeska. Laying back, I went over my plan and it's sequence of events.

48 minutes later, Zeska, a little less blown but still horny as a young mare in heat, stuck her wet bare arm around the corner and beckoned me to follow her to her shabby and smelly bedroom, pushing a pile of clothes on to the dingy wooden floor. The hot eager woman glowed with pulsing sexual energy, falling backwards on to the full sized bed, she immediately spread her still wet, long healthy legs wide apart and slowly raised her legs, her knees floating higher into the air, until only the soles of her feet and her trim ass were touching the mattress, she moved her slender arms up above her newly washed head and made a come here gesture.

Well I didn't need a engraved invitation, as I undressed slowly, I watched the very turned on woman move her body in lewdly suggestive, and down right promiscuous ways that left no doubt to her high degree of sexual craving.

As I prepared to join her in our own private pagan orgy. I noticed her then clean very attractive milky white skin, not yet scarred by meth use, her sweet vulnerable, long, eastern exotically formed face, and her deep dark eyes that none the less were bright like pools of radiant erotic energy, that looked ...happy. 

She knew I approved of her feminine features; her display of womanly passion and ripe sexuality, without showing any of her cousins' harsh judgments. Her heart shaped pink lips were moving silently as if going through the stages of exquisite ecstasy and they seemed to whisper, "we only require your bruising kisses, to set Zeska's heart free." Oh and her beautiful tits, as I watched, she pushed her tender fleshy mounds together, and boldly caressed her full firm breasts before my delighted eyes, they expressed her eagerness to join our two tautly primed bodies, and...fuck.

For five or more hours, with a few needed breaks so she could catch her breath. I experienced the hauntingly sweet, desperately passionate nature of a true, hot blooded sexually demanding, sexually giving woman. 
