 Please be aware, this is a work of fiction, all the characters, places and events portrayed in this story are fictional and represents no real persons or places.

The author, in no way intends this story to be a argument against established history. As far as I'm aware no creatures such as are depicted in this story exist, except in myths and legends, like other well known legends; the City of Troy, The kraken, The flat Earth of the European's world of 1500AD. 

Let it be known, no females characters in this story under the age of 18, were sexual pleasured by any characters described in this story. 

Finally, this story also explores the moral dilemma; of power vs responsibility, and the need for intellectual and emotional growth. This is my first submission to Literotica.com, so please bear with me, this story will be divided into 5 chapters and hopefully they will be submitted once a week. I hope this story, will entertain, sexually stimulate and / or provide thought provoking insights or conversations.

*

Chapter 4

Clues from the Past, for a Puzzle in the Present

Part 1.

Lady Patricia Dela'Shay

I travel alone, on a path only I can discern. Change and transformation a constant companion, in the dawn of my life I was...That. As the noon of my experiences progressed I became...This. Now as I enter the sunset of days, I grow and flower, soon to be...I. 

Thoughts to myself---26 Aug '09---Sitting in a rent car, in Chi-Town

Sitting in this vintage, black 1970 Dodge Charger RT, I decided to name; "Night Tiger" I reflect on my being inside this old model car, that almost seems to present my past, as I experiencing life in the present, and wonder, how my present actions will effect my future. Two days have passed since Daminan, called and we discussed my proposal. after a few points of disagreement concerning the "hit" on my "wife", were cleared up, the plan can proceed. As I sit here watching the Dragomir cousins, waiting for my "wife" to appear. I wonder how I may change after I finish what ever I'm suppose to be doing here in Chi-Town, and how this will possibly change may direction in life.

The plan, step 2. is in play. The cousins and the Incubus are both being kept in a state of tension and mindlessly eager to fuck some female, perform as expected.

Daminan and Vlad, are sitting in their black 1999 Ford van parked on a dark section of May street across from Bond technical college. With several street light out above the pair of rapists, they can sit in their van, and with a pair of 20x50 low lite binocular, they can watch the students leaving the college building, without drawing any attention and still see everyone leaving the building. Armed with the picture and complete description of Paula Basque, the fictional name I gave my fictional wife, The two thugs are eagerly awaiting their chance to snatch the attractive blond woman off the street and take their time raping and torturing the helpless female, before they murder the shameless western slut, then they can claim their part of 40% of more than 800,000 dollars. 

Pissed that the target is not among the departing students, Vlad; always the more impatient, reckless and sexually impulsive of the two men, fuming in a frustration state of mind, is looking around, when he notices and starts to leer at a young good looking woman waiting alone by the city bus stop. After a long argument with Daminan, who is driving tonight, The van start to move slowly out of it's dark concealment and cruises slowly past the unsuspecting pacing female.

Using their standard routine, the pair check for any stores or businesses close by, that she might be able to attract help from, or run to for safety. Any bystanders who might see the kidnapping of the female target, cops or security parked or maybe driving in the area. Next they size up the victim, approx. med. height, 120 to 135 pounds, blond hair, blue eyes, healthy curvy frame, she looks about 29 to maybe 34 yrs old, Vlad immediately gets a hardon while picturing the godless white whore, being properly punished for her sinful ways.

Watching and sensing, the homicidal pair's intentions, I have to decide, what actions I should take or should I just do nothing at all. 

Consideration 1. Do nothing, but I need to have these two, desperate for sex, tensed up and not thinking clearly, especially Daminan, who tends to be a little more level headed...if the plan is to work. The question is, do I really care what happens to this woman?

Consideration 2. take some kind action myself, and hopefully not mess things up.

Consideration 3. Hope some one else will intervene in time.

"Shit, ok, number 2," Starting up the powerful 440 mag engine, I quickly come up with a list of possible moves. I drive right up to the bus stop and the cousins', intended victim.

Before the Cousins can turn around in their van, which is headed away from the bus stop on the other side of the street, I pull up to the curb, and open the passenger side door.

Using my psi powers to becoming, "instant old friends" with the startled woman, looking in her mind, I find her name and address, and place my "name and a short history" into her long term memory.

"Hey, Kim, its Donald, fancy seeing you here alone, get in I'll give you a lift."

"Ahhh...Donald, oh yeah, we were at college together, well the bus is late as usual, gee, thanks I could use a ride."

With the woman, safely seated, I gun the engine and moving quickly in the other direction, just manage to catch a changing green lite, turn north and make good our get away.

I don't need to have psychic powers, to know that the two cousins are going ape shit about now. Some what satisfied with tonite work, I settle back with a smile, and make the long drive to Kimberly Sterns' near north apartment.

The unsuspecting rescued woman is one of those, sweet girl next door types, that most "good" men dream of meeting and marrying. Sitting in the car's bucket seat, she tries to engage, me in what really amounts to semi-fictional based small talk on my part.

Knowing what she will say before she says it, I can easily do my part to keep up my part of the conversation 

"So Donald, oops, Don, I forgot you hate people calling you Donald.

"No problem,I got over it, so tell me Kim, did you finally marry Augie?"

Kim with a slight sigh explains.

"No...things didn't work out, his mother...didn't approval of me marrying her son..."

"listen, you don't have to say any more, I remember how much power the old battle ax had over Augie, as much as he handled all of his other affairs like a independent man, when it came to his mother he acted like he was just some lost little boy.

"Oh God...Donald...do you know how much he hurt me...when he called the wedding off? And then told me to my face he would never be able to see me again, and for me to continue to think that he loved me was just...female emotional foolishness."

For some reason, without reading her mind, without being there I knew exactly how she felt, and the pain she had to endure, because some how I knew that some one from my past had also gone through a similar emotional tragedy. Some one had suffered like this woman sitting next to me sobbing, and surrounded by her grief and feelings of abandonment by some one; she needed, she trusted, some one she had loved.

The rest of the trip to Kim's apartment building, passes in merciful silence, as we are both consumed by painful private thoughts, we both need this time to deal with the unresolved events in our past.

At stop lites, I glanced over to the still weeping, sad figure in the passenger seat, and more and more, I'm struck by a disturbingly sad feeling of deja-vu, that at some time in my past, I was involved with a woman very much... seemingly too much like Kim. But try as I might, I can't remember a woman that I might have hurt like this. But again that was the only answer that I could see, some where in my past, another woman very much like Kim, had loved me and I had with cruel unconcern, deserted her to suffer like this poor child had suffered.

After parking near Kim's building, we both sit in silent for several minutes. I'm aware of Kim's considering whether to ask me up to her third floor Apt, with the intention of seducing me to help her, at least for one night to attain some sort of peace of mind.

Beyond any doubt, I'm one of the most sexual driven being on this planet, but at this moment, sex was the last thing I wanted to engage in with this very desirable but sadly troubled and emotionally vulnerable...and now in my eyes, a very special young lady. Before she can offer her body, for what really amounts to a combined sexual pain killer and sleeping pill. I place a gentle but powerful feeling of peace, and relief from her emotional distress, deep in her subconscious mind. Slowly she looks up and smiles.

"Wow, Don look what time it is, God I'm so glad you came along when you did, not just for the ride home, but I don't know how or why, but talking to you...it really seems to help, for the first in a long while I feel like I'll be able to get a real nites sleep.

Walking with the magically transformed woman to her front door, Kim suddenly turns, and even knowing what she is about to do, I'm still surprised by the power of her emotional desire...to please me. She confidently places her slender arms around my thick neck and tilting her face up, she gracefully shifts forward and give me a slow intimate kiss which; revisits the wisdom of not fucking this grateful, and now very passionate young woman. Placing my large strong hands on her small trembling shoulders, I pull Kim into me as I return her kiss, and with a sigh, she melts perfectly up against my hard male body. 

As our tongues experimentally touch and explore the new and hot sensations of each others wet hungry mouths, we both simultaneously, shudder, with a intense almost electrically shock, that runs from the bottom of our spines forcefully up to our kissed joined heads. 

Kim blushing a deep red, looks up into my amazed eyes and moving back, she can only grin with the happy expression of having found a wonderful new experience like nothing she had ever felt before with any man including, Augie.

"Kim, I don't want to be a party pooper, but we both need to get up early tomorrow, and some how I suspect we won't make it if we don't stop now."

"Don, you might be right...but frankly, my dear, I don't give a Damn. Boy I've always wanted to say that."

Then stealing one more

quick kiss, with a sensually naughty laugh, Kim turns and goes inside the building's hallway.

On the way to my leased house on north Arragon blvd, I have a feeling I had just received a new clue to why, I have been led to this place. 

So far, I have removed a large number of cruel men who have preyed on and created a state of terror, fear and pain to lash their fellow man with. 

I of course have also had some powerful sexual encounters, which have led to my meeting a number of satisfying sexual partners, including three troubled but interesting, and very passionate women. 

Remembering the emotional; sorrow, pain, and insecurity I felt radiating from the three women; in my own way, I hope I helped to restored something missing from their life's.

The fact that these three ladies have all in one way or another, seemed to represent some forgotten strands of my personal life, are clues to something bigger.

Fascinating, a totally out of place vision that brings me here to a place, I had no intention of visiting, a sudden impulse to battle some wicked people, no one else can, or will deal with, and now meeting three women that impossibly seem to be connected to my past. All these clues, which leads to a puzzle beyond my ability to fit together...yet. 

Well I have never been one to ponder too long on things, with no logical answer, time will undoubtedly provide a solution in the near future. 

Mean while I'm arranging a special final event for four very deserving creatures, which if successful will end their murderous reign over the citizens of this city. 

Then finally, I might be able to figure out the, what and why of all these mysterious events; and remembering the feelings sparked by the sorrow of Miss Sterns, the tragic event in my past, that was so painful I erased it from my mind. Yes, all of these, pieces are parts of this puzzle, "Why AM I Here?"

Again I remember that cryptic quote, "When Destiny Calls." 

I guess it was some where about 3:30 in the still muggy morning, something had awoken me from a sound sleep. 

" No my son, you still lie in slumber, I come to you through a mental astro projection'

"Father, is there trouble with the clan!?"

"No, this visit only concerns you, You are dismayed by a event you cannot recall, an event so devastating, you have only faint wisps of a remembrance of some terrible incident.

"Yes father, tonite I rescued a painfully troubled female, that for reasons I couldn't explain, forced a buried memory to the surface of my consciousness, a memory that some how felt similarly to her own painful rejection from a man she had loved. 

"You are experiencing, one of the most rare occurrences, that any mortal or even a demon could go through. Meeting a reincarnated former lover, one who awakens long ago memories, in fact my son you have recently met three lovers from your past. And even more incredibility they are as closely linked to you, as what mortals would refer to as soul mates. 

Thinking clearly now, my agile mind responds intuitively.

"By the swinging phallus of Priapus, you mean, lets see; Renee, Zeska and...Kim?"

"As I said, this is a rare situation, I had heard from the oldest elders of the clan council, that this has happen a few times in history, but I never thought to see one of my spawn, achieve this singular honor." 

"The one known now to you as Renee; was long ago; Yukio Hatusmi, the young adopted daughter of the Iga Ninja clan leader Hanzo Hattori. She was a gifted Kunoichi, a...

Old forgotten memories stir, yes I know the term, 

"Female Ninja operative."

"Quite right Son, during your visit to Japan in 1583, that was your period of studying Oriental martial arts and philosophy, you earned the right to study with Hattori-san's family, the letter of introduction from the Yamabushi, the mountain warrior ascetics, certainly helped, but your natural talents impressed Hattori-san greatly. It wasn't long before with Hattori's permission, you and Yukio had become a couple, at least until you received a offer to study with the ultra secret sect of Tau-tau, the 'Walkers in Stealth.' It is thought by some that the Art of Ninjitsu originated from northern China; from this very sect. They are so secretive, the only name a very few know them by..."

"Yes I remember...The Vagabonds."

"Sadly, on one level you too eagerly accepted, and after explaining your need to take your leave of Japan, you left for China, I say sadly because a broken hearted Yukio, took on a suicide spy mission into Satsuma clan territory, where 9 of out 10 ninjas never returned. She got and dispatched needed information, but was soon after captured and after being raped and mutilated, was dismembered by being torn apart by four horses."

Sadly thinking back, Renee's feelings of being a inadequate woman, emotionally and sexually, and her tearful reluctance to let me go. 

My face having went totally pale and unbidden tears flowing slowly, my Sire looks away to give me time to recover.

"Life is the only school, that gives the test first and the lesson afterwards. Her death was kept from you. We of the clan were afraid, that her death might too badly effect you, but also we might see it, not effect you at all."

"Zeska, was in another life a, Princess Svetlana Bruce, a distant niece of the Empress of the North Kingdom." 

"In 1785 you were a naval aid to a visiting admiral, you wanted a chance to fuck the beautiful, sexually renown Empress Katherina, but first you had to be approved by her Eprouveuse...or sexual tester, the Princess Bruce gave approval to all male candidates for the Empress' bed chambers. Alas she fell hopelessly in love with you, and the furiously jealous Katherina, first had you expelled, then secretly casted the defenseless woman in prison, after a year in her dungeon, and being the toy of the cruel head of the prison, she was sold to a wandering gypsy tribe, and was never heard from again."

Yes, her deep sadness, sense of hopelessness, and meek acceptance of her crazy cousins' harsh treatment, but also her desperate sexual responds to me.

"Again this knowledge was kept from you...because you had met a young countess in the land of the Franks. You for the first time were as smitten as the object of your amorous desires. So we decided to let you enjoy this mating in peace." 

"So, consider your actions in the present; your acceptance of the "Call" and your, for once unselfish actions to protect the weak and victimized of this city, your tender considerations for women beyond just sexual conquest. For these reasons you have been given this gift of, second chance and the return of your most important past lovers." 

"My son, I'm honored to have played a part in your being here, both in your creation, and your quest you now journey on." 

"I can now reveal a very closely guarded secret, known only to a few, there is said to be a legend, that both the forces of light and darkness, are more closely linked than is commonly realized ...only it is not a legend." 

"The force of light, we know as Yah, and the great dark lord, Yog have been working to aid the evolution of their respective forces, that is why we of the Sexcubi were created, as you once surmised we are a merging of milder lesser demons, the children of Eros and Elf kind. The older demons were too dark and evil to bring about the result that was necessary, and with mortal man showing such promise in climbing the evolutionary ladder. The hope was for a joining of all three races to point the way to a final lasting peace, a bonding,that could open new doors for the purpose of our moving to other realms of existence."

"You my son are that bonding, of light, darkness and mortal man. Do you recall the meaning of your given name?" 

"He who will Always stand at Crossroads."

"But father, I know my bloodline is part mortal, part demon, but I have no connection to the forces of Yah..."

"Your Mother, is a divine herald of Yah, she held within herself the divine essences of light and special genes from the original mortal royal bloodlines, and with the seed of our so called demon clan, you encompass all three races now.

As I listen and attempt to take in all of these fantastic concepts, I slowly can join together many different things that were clues in my past; feelings and desires, questions, my past unconsidered instinctual actions and reactions and unusual events I could not understand when they occurred.

"What then happen to my mother?"

"Why she returned to the realm of Yah, in fact not too long ago she expressed her delight at your development into the being you have become, and she continues to watch over you, which is why three important past lovers have found you, or did you find them? which leads us to the dark question that haunts you now."

"Sire...Father, please tell me, since I have these terrible feelings that I killed Kimberly Sterns in some past involvement, did I lose control during some sexual tryst and take her life, and why can't I remember her or what happen?"

"The woman you know as Kimberly Sterns, was once; the Lady Patricia Dela'Shay, the Countess of Bernadine, she was 20 years of age,in 1787 when you first saw her. Her family was near bankruptcy and on the list of nobles families due to face the bloody guillotine. You had stalked her for a month, a longer than usual length of time for you to wait to have your way with a female. During that time, watching and observing your prey, you saw her deal with all of her looming problems with a kind, sweet innocences, and her gentle concern for the poor peasants, that surrounded her life.
