 Please be aware, this is a work of fiction, all the characters, places and events portrayed in this story are fictional and represents no real persons or places.

The author, in no way intends this story to be a argument against established history. As far as I'm aware no creatures such as are depicted in this story exist, except in myths and legends, like other well known legends; the City of Troy, The kraken, The flat Earth of the European's world of 1500AD. 

Let it be known, no females characters in this story under the age of 18, were sexual pleasured by any characters described in this story. 

Finally, this story also explores the moral dilemma; of power vs responsibility, and the need for intellectual and emotional growth. This is my first submission to Literotica.com, so please bear with me, this story will be divided into 5 chapters and hopefully they will be submitted once a week. I hope this story, will entertain, sexually stimulate and / or provide thought provoking insights or conversations.

Chapter 5

The Reckoning, and Other Second Chances

Part 1

Choices

September the ninth month, a time of changes; back to school for the young, the end of summer, and the second time of every year when relationships have the greatest chance of ending. But on the plus side, it is also the time when many new romantic relationships begin.

Since I was unsure just how long I would be hanging around Chi-Town, I had along with renting my 1970 Dodge Charger Rt, Black Tiger, I had also leased with a option to buy, a nice former warehouse converted house on west Arragon blvd. A beautiful contemporary Euro styled spit level loft home with 2,280 S.F., 3 large bedrooms, a combined office and exercise room, 2 and 1/2 bath rooms. A finished basement, a connected 1 car garage and two outside parking spaces. Also included a sunny west facing upper level deck that faces a well maintained Japanese Zen garden. All this sitting in a tall, brick walled enclosed space. As a further protection of my privacy, a alarm and electronic entrance access system was installed.

Now that the city is quiet I can concentrate on my more amorous pursuits, now who will be the first to grace my bed?

Unknown to me that question was already being decided.

1:36 in the morning, what a strange dream; I'm surrounded by a unknown amount of beautiful and sexy females, usually it doesn't take me long to choose a bedmate, but every time I make a choice, I see another lovely face, even more desirable than the last. this seems to go on forever till I observe one woman in the crowd facing away from me, and she appears to be crying. I decide to find out what is causing her such distress, but as I walk toward her, she seems to always be farther away than before, for what seems hours I walk and run, but I can't get any closer to her. Suddenly a vaguely familiar, angelic voice calls out to me.

"Stop, you expend your energy in vain, your lust and selfish desires are only pushing her further away from you. You cannot possess, that woman or sooth her pain unless you can complete your growth into that which you must become to be worthy of her love and devotion, the question is, are you wise and committed enough, to earn her trust?"

That soft female voice, I should know this being, with a flash of understanding, my sleeping eyes snap open...to a wondrous scene, I'm no longer in my bedroom, or for that matter, anywhere on the planet. I'm surrounded by bright but pleasantly serene and evolving multi-colored lights, and celestial music; that is sweet, calming and at the same time inspiring and spiritually uplifting. I immediately know where my consciousness has been transported to...

"Yes, my now grown offspring, you are in the hallowed dimensions of Lord Yah, your recent accomplishments in the defense of human kind and your attempts, even if for carnal reasons to easy the pain or troubled life's of your recent conquests have been observed and noted as works of a special and enlightened soul.

Looking in the direction of the source of the long forgotten voice, my eyes are greeted by a shimmering constantly shifting blob of radiant light...my mom, a divine herald of the lord of light . 

"By special degree by my lord, you are granted the right to the love of your choice of women, you can have either both your former lovers, now known as Renee and Zeska and experiencing a rich life of peace and abundant pleasure, in all of its forms. Or if you are truly interested in erasing the sorrow of, and regaining, the sharing of life with your former love, Patricia Dela'Shay, now known to you as Kimberly, if you decide for her alone as a mate, a wondrous life awaits you both. You also have the option of refuse these choices and continue taking women for promiscuous one nite affairs, and know you, you will know success with mortal females surpassing any known by any of your race or any other creature that has ever walked or crawled on your planet."

"But also know this son, your choice will signal much more, your future and the future of many more, including your clan. Please know, "All concern," think you have showed much promise, please think hard on this matter. We will know your decision, by your coming actions. My son, know you That I'm exceedingly proud of you, and I know you will continue to, shine brightly your name. Until we meet again, farewell." 

The morning I awaken to; is bright and pleasantly warm, with a cool breeze mildly blowing into my open bedroom windows. Laying comfortably on my back, I recall the unexpected dream that still echoes faintly in my mind.

The answer should be a easy one for a horny Sexcubus, no doubt I should have immediately proclaimed, "Lord Yah I want #...3," and several years ago I would've probably said just that. Of course, the real question would have been, what if I had known then, everything about Pat/Kim? So what should I do? 

"What would you do?" 

What I did was what I was told, think long and hard, about my choice. 

Remembering my recent involvements with; Renee, Zeska and of course Kimberly, and comparing the emotional enjoyment with each of these ladies. And on the other side, the wild bliss of always new, and exciting sex with a varied mix of women. My free spirited sexual conquests of any available pussy I might desire, but Then I would remember their totally lacking emotional depth, that sometime left me feeling empty. Then comparing the feelings I have for Renee and Zeska as opposed to the passion and ...love? I feel for Kim, too bad I cannot have all three. 

Well I guess my choice is made, and not being some mere human male, with my powers it will be fairly simple to win Kim's heart.

Suddenly a familiar, and much too amused voice intrudes on my, now premature pat on the back.

"Oh I'm sorry, how forgetful of me Son, did I neglect to mention that you may use your powers to help you court any of your female choices...with one, small, but important exception...you must convince Miss Sterns of your worthiness...without the use of any of your sexual abilities, you may only show your interest as any "mere" human male would. To be sure you don't accidentally flex your sexual gifts, so to speak, if you choose miss Sterns, your powers will be neutralized till she says, she loves you." 

"Okay, now I believe everything is covered. Hope this information helps you to sleep better, after all, "It should be fairly simple to win Kim's heart." Good night." 

Which is followed by the faint sound of divine chuckling.

Well I guess I could still go after choice #1, Renee and Zeska. Yeah just great, ha ha ha, just fucking great. 

I have in a long life time enjoyed the best parts of male, female sexual relationships; seduce them, fuck them, and leave them. Usually no sad goodbyes, no regrets, and no lingering sense of loss. A few of my women, have loved me, other women have lusted after me and probably a lot more may have hated me. And I have owed it all to my incredible sexual powers over the female sex, but now to win Kimberly I must, court her as any other man would, choosing Renee and Zeska is looking better and if not easier, Yes, I know what I must do.

Its three weeks later, trying my best to deal with what, seemed like at the time the best choice that I could make in my pursuit of love and a long term relationship...time for another date.

"...So 2:30 pm, will be good for you? Don't worry, dress for comfort, that what all of us will be wearing, simple causal clothes and some good walking shoes. Great I'm meet you at the west entrance to millennium Park."

Well my choice is made, I might be taking the easy way out. But do I owe anything to any of these women? May my heart and the Gods forgive me if I'm wrong. 

Part 2

The Courtship and A Date to Remember

Well here I am, I have made the most important decision of my emotional life. But I get two wonderful women for the price of one. I'm sorry thats a hard bargain to pass up. Okay some readers, I bet mostly females will be disappointed. But this is a long term relationship, and I just want to have better luck than my Sire. 

Well I got here a little early to scout the park, old habits do die hard. I have walked around the park, looking for all the world like any other male visitor. My guests should be walking up Washington street by now, I better get in gear and walk a little faster.

And there they are, my first love, and very possibly my last love.

Your late, young lady...no, I'm kidding, have any trouble on the 'L', Kim?

Did you have any doubt about who I wanted to be with, and that I would choose?

After a round of light hearted kidding around, we walk slowly, like some old married couple, viewing all the sights that abound in the bustling park. Its funny how quickly our; thoughts, movements, reactions and emotional responses to each other, and to our surrounding...how every thing just seems to perfectly mesh. From laughing at our distorted reflections at the hall of mirrors to a quiet intimate conversation at the reflection pool. 

Even with out my sexual advantage, being with the attractive; some time innocent, and other times, subtly brazen, but always a lady both sweet and passionate about life, all in all a real woman. Our being together just feels right, yes it all seems so good and near perfect. 

This will mark our 16th meeting since I got that message from my...very wise Mother. I did what I felt was most natural and romantic in a real and serious budding relationship.

No attempts to rush the relationship sexually; there were time when I could tell even without my mental awarest, that she was leaving the door open on several occasions, to my former ultimate goal...hot sex with a willing woman. 

No, just long phone calls on most evenings. Lunching when she has time at a small Italian restaurant, and a very traditional Japanese establishment, we went to only once, that was a quiet and a melancholy reminder of my time training with Ninja master, Hanzo Hattori, and...Yukio, another lost love back in the 16th century. So many places to be with this, once lost now found, captivating woman. 

There are meeting for tea several evening every week at a shop near her apartment, followed by walks along the sea front, a adventurous visit to the local zoo And of course, flowers and stuffed animals. Now this afternoon trek through the crowded downtown area.

Next we catch a free trolley car to see the sights of the Gold Coast and finally wind up at the Shedd Aquarium, while the admission fee is small changes to me, the look of wonderment on Kim's impish face is priceless. Our last section to visit, Secluded bay is the home of the playful white Beluga whales. one of these big hams wants to make sure we get a proper greeting, so Naya, one of the oldest and one of the most active of the small whales, Shoots a cold stream of water directly at us, splashing us throughly.

"Don, you think Naya, was trying to tell us something?"

"The only thing I can think of is, she jealous of you , and she is filing a protest at being left out."

Laughing and holding hands, I walk Kim to the dark Starfish exhibit hall, standing close together, I slowly lift up Kim's chin and look with a long haunted look of longing into her deep blue eyes, I whisper softly...

"Kim, all of my life, I've looked for a woman like you, now that I found you, I...need to go to the men's room. Ha ha ha."

Kim lightly hits me in the shoulder...

"You know what Mr, Traylor...your not so special, I do too, ha ha ha."

But neither one of us wants to be the first to break this welcome intimate embrace. 

Then tilting her face back to it's original position, Kim kisses me and pulls me in closer, warm tongues touch, caress and tease as our embrace becomes more heated. Kim's hand moves through my hair finally resting firmly on my neck, at the same time, one of my hands, moves with a life of it's own rubbing and stroking her lower back, her taut body presses hard and insistently against my hard male frame. Surely she can feel my swelling rock hard extension of my masculine desire for her, and it's powerful need to thrust into her hidden secret spot, by now wet and also aching for my dick to slide into her depths. As Kim's tense body starts to shudder, my other hand caresses and pulls lightly on the back ends of her shoulder length straw colored blond hair, for only the second time, we both experience a strong electrical shock speed up our lower merged bodies and lighting up our dazed, surprised minds.

So its not surprising we don't notice the female aquarium animal care attendant standing seven feet away blushing with mixed emotional feelings of a unexpected surprise and equally a physical wish to be in Kim's place. 

"Uh...hum, did you two get lost, and lose track of time? We will be closing in 30 minutes. I suggest you take your ...uh interesting conversation, outside, okay?" 

Moving quickly, like two teenagers, just caught playing "Doctor," we leave the open entrance to the exhibit hall and remembering the other call of nature we had neglect to attend to, we enter our respected bathrooms.

Later after I retrieve my parked Charger RT, from the grossly over priced parking garage, we stop at Laurence's Shrimp house on south Canal street. 

"Well milady, I certainly hope your time with me on this dashing and entertaining, but recently immorally steamy date, was as satisfying for you, as it was starting to be for me." 

"Dear Sir, I hope you don't think you are any safer from my feminine wiles and charms, and I know your not going to drop little old me off alone to eat this food and refuse me a chance to eat some...thing else I dying to get in my eager mouth."

Me and Kim are standing in the center of the restaurant's crowded waiting area, but at that moment we are the only two people, in the world. Taking her once again into my muscular arms as I once did more than two hundred years ago, burning with a passion like a exploding star, I look down in Kim's radiantly beautiful expectant eyes...

"Miss, I most urgently request your magnificent present at my secluded house of a thousand delights, for a night of righteously romantic love play, followed by a gloriously wicked period of dazzlingly horny sex, and if we are lucky, our two sweaty and lustfully joined bodies will soulfully expand into a long, wild tale of carnal debauchery, a tale I dare say, we can embarrass our children with..."

Suddenly we are reminded we are not alone. Loud hoots of approval, a single "Ah, go get a room already" and a some what aroused wife, smacking her surprised husband in the arm and asking him none to subtly

"Why don't you talk to me like that?"

We quickly pick up our orders. And race each other to my car...where two, 20 something thugs are causally lounging on Night Tiger. 

"Hey mutha fucker, me and my homey have been waiting a fucking half 'n hour for you to bring us "our" goodies, I was just going to do a Jamaican stomp on your punk ass, but seeing your hot little bitch close up, I'll let you go with out beating you down, just drop your money, the food, and leave the little white ho with some studs who can fuck her right.

Kim reacts much as she might have, when she was young countess Patricia Dela'Shay and seeing 30 or more big horny guards coming to rape her in 1787. Looking wildly around for a escape, she drops her bag of fish and falls back against me.

"Look gentlemen, I'm sorry for your inconvenience, here you can have my food...and here is 378 dollars, just get off my car and leave us in peace..."

"Fool, you don't get it, we want your bitch, and this old ass ride too, we got the bad ass mojo and this 9 mill, that says we take what ever we want.

A crowd gathers at the fish house door. One lone female voice, calls out.

"Aren't their any men here, to dust these punks?"

One round fired at the restaurant, quickly stops any further protests.

"okay, last chance asshole, step the fuck back and drop the ends(money)... ok fuck it, I'm busting a cap in your ass."

When forced into a fight I can't get out of, I use one of three disciplines:

Tai-Chi, for purely defensive actions.

Aikido, when I really want to take my time and punish a attacker.

And Ninjitsu, when fast decisive lethal action is needed.

"Death be a upon you" is all I calmly announce.

I assume a yoroi kumiuchi position, very good for grappling with men in armor or modern baggy street clothes. The loud mouth thug's gun was starting to point at me to fire, I step forwards jamming my foot into his instep, a steel hard knee slamming into his exposed groin, in a blur of flowing action, as the pain stricken man starts to bend over, I strike him on the back of the neck, then grabbing his shaking gun arm, force the automatic up under the gunman's chin, and force his finger to close, blowing off part of the back of his stunned head, releasing his arm, I allow his dead body to drop to the now blood and brain splattered gravel parking area.

The second thug, moving into range, attempts to swing a 12 inch lead filled sap at my face, again I'm moving in a blur of lethal motion, I block the right arm attack with a bone shattering Koppo blow to the outmatched attacker's wrist and in the space of 3 seconds delivers a hand mace blow to the left side of the surprised attacker's neck, and three rapid sword strikes to throat, solar plexus and the pit of his now destroyed stomach . Calmly stepping back, the already dead punk fall lifelessly to the ground. 

As I stand there, breathing normally and not even, having broken a sweat, the sound of clapping comes loudly from behind me.

"Well, Mr Traylor, you seem to really enjoy doing our work for us. You know I've been following you around when I could keep up with you, for more than a month now, hoping to see how you perform your..."miracles". I got to tell you, you are just as awesome in person as in all the reports of your, "interventions" that have come across my desk. Just tell me one thing, why?" 

"Cdr. Mackey, tell me...Who can do the hard thing?"

Knowing the Oriental answer, the Police Detective responds.

"Who can do the hard thing? He who can. A Oriental philosopher too, I guess I can understand why the city is suddenly so peaceful and crime has dropped faster than bull shit in city hall."

"We all do what we can, right, Commander? By the way I like to introduce you to my date, that would be the lady relaxing, and now blushing on the ground. Miss Kimberly Sterns, Cdr. John Mackey." 

Kimberly, having slipped and fallen on her cute butt, attempting to stay out of the way, sheepishly smile up at the tall heavy set policeman. Offering his huge hand the amused detective pulls Kim back to her unsteady feet.

Still in shock from the speed of the demolition of the two attackers, Kim can only shake her head in disbelief. 
