 "I love you baby." The young brunette guy reached behind his back pulling out a long black velvet box and sank to one knee. "And I couldn't think of a better way to let you know just how much I think of you than this."

The dark haired brown skinned girl brought her hands up to her face trying to stop the tears before they escaped. "You shouldn't have." She gasped. 

She meant it.

"I'm so sorry." She sobbed looking down at him. It was the first time she'd ever broken a heart before, she didn't think that she'd actually be able to see the exact moment that it shattered but she could. If the eyes were the windows to the soul she'd just hurled a brick through them. "I'm so so sorry." 

She meant that to. She meant it more than she could remember meaning anything ever in her life.

"Why shouldn't I have, why are you sorry?" The boy was far from stupid, he'd figured it what she was about to say immediately but he was stalling. Hoping he'd misunderstood, praying he could find the right combination of words to change her mind. Begging the universe for a favor. He'd give anything for just one more night with his love.

Do you think that qualifies as a wish?

Don't. He's already hurting bad enough.

I'm only going to give him what he wants. Well maybe a little something extra but it's something he'll like.

I'm not going to be able to talk you out of this am I?

Not a chance, not unless you're volunteering to let me out for a night on the town.

Go on then. Do what you're going to do.

"You shouldn't have because I have to break-" The woman stopped right there, she just couldn't go on and it wasn't wasted on her that breaking up with your boyfriend of three years on Valentines Day was about the worst thing any woman had ever done. "I can't be with you anymore."

"Why?" He was still holding the box toward her like some kind of bribe. Without thinking he opened the box revealing the gold necklace with the diamond encrusted heart pendant. The pendant was open and a picture of the two of them at their senior prom was in the display. "Was it something I did? I can change."

"It's nothing you did." She forced a smile. She wasn't lying. It wasn't anything that he'd done, it was something he hadn't done. He just didn't make her feel alive, not the way Sean did. 

"Then what?" He asked. "Tell me, I can change. I can be the man you want me to be."

She had to close her eyes. She wouldn't be able to finish this if she had to look him in the eye and it had to be done.

What are you waiting for?

Oh, me? Just basking. Can't you feel all that delicious agony wafting off the two of them? Hell maybe I won't do anything. I could just let them suff- hey!

The woman thought she heard the twang of a bow string and she certainly felt something jab into her buttocks. "Ow." She turned and looked over her shoulder and saw a pair of floating orbs, one blue, one red but they faded before she could focus on them and then she turned back towards Kevin and smiled. "Come here."

Kevin blinked and rose unsteadily to his feet. "What?" He gasped as Lina leapt forward wrapping her arms around him and kissing him gingerly on either cheek then on the lips. 

"Don't worry about it Kevin. It can wait until morning." She wrapped her arms around his neck and lifted herself up on tip toe deepening the kiss and slipping her tongue into his mouth.

Which arrow did you use?

The one on top.

You're fucking serious aren't you? Well this should be fun, that was lust not love.

Kevin wasn't about to argue with that. He wrapped his arms around his girlfriend, chastely around her waist lifting her up slightly. "No, not like that." She grabbed his hands and brought them down to her khaki clad ass. "Like a man." She urged. Kevin paused slightly before digging his fingers into the pliable flesh of Lina's ass. "Just like that Kev. Just like that." She wrapped one leg up around his waist resting her weight against him.

Lina leapt up wrapping her other leg around Kevin's waist and aggressively kissing and nipping down his neck and over his shoulder. Her skin felt hot and her head a little light, she couldn't understand why but it didn't matter. Lina knew what would make her feel better, she needed to feel his flesh against hers and to do that she needed to rip and tear. Her fingers laced between the buttons of his shirt and tore it open sending buttons spraying across the room. Eager fingers raked down over his smooth flesh and Lina squealed with delight.

"What's gotten into you?" Kevin gasped keeping his grip on her buttocks. He guided his fall so they landed on the couch.

"You will soon enough." She crossed her arms over her torso and peeled her shirt off before leaning back into her feral kiss capturing his lower lip between her teeth. "C'mon take me Kevin."

That boy is in way over his head.

Way, way over his head. What the hell is in those arrows?

Nothing that interesting.

Kevin awkwardly moved to start unfastening Lina's pants and helping her wriggle out of them. "Take me Kevin." Lina was yanking at the clasp on Kevin's pants. After few seconds she simply gave up and slide her hand between his flesh and the fabric wrapping her digits around his cock.

 It might be nicer if you shot him too. 

 He's a guy, aren't guys all rawr all the time?

 You're literally the most pathetic touchy feely I respect women man I've ever met and you're asking aren't all guys ready to pounce at any second? Let me explain this to you just once. No. He's clearly in over his head and a rescue here might be appropriate.

Kevin was shocked into place, he was barely breathing while Lina ran her hand up and down the length of his shaft. "C'mon Kevin, you know you want to. Just like in all those movies you like to watch." She squeezed and smiled.

"Okay." Kevin took her by the hips and rolled her beneath him gripping her panties and yanking them down. She slid half off the couch in the process squealing happily. He pulled his pants off kicking the pants across the room. 

Did you?

Nope.

Kevin reached down and wove his fingers through Lina's hair. He didn't quite yank her by the hair. Instead he aggressively guided her to her knees only inches away from his groin and ground her face against it. "Take off my boxers." When Lina reached up Kevin roughly slapped her hands away. "Hands behind your back, you can do better." Lina smiled and leaned forward capturing the waist band of Kevin's boxer's between her teeth tugging them down to the until his cock sprang free slapping against her cheek. 

"Is that for me?" Kevin still had her by the hair and his answer was pushing his cock between her eager lips. Kevin held her in place steadily pumping his cock in and out of her mouth. Lina gasped and sputtered slightly, drool oozing from the corners of her lips while Kevin continued fucking her face.

"Is this what you've wanted from me?" Kevin snarled spinning her around and pushing her face first into the cushions of the couch. She couldn't speak but the way her hips rose and legs spread answered the question. "Really?" He pushed his cock into her moist nethers and drove his cock into her pussy. His free hand moved to the center of her back pushing her down against the cushions. The couch groaned in protest with each and every violent thrust Kevin gave. 

Lina did not. Protest that is. Her fingers clenched around the soft couch anchoring her small frame so she could push back meeting him every time. Even with her face half covered by the couch cushions her ecstatic cries filled the room. 

The arrows might be contagious.

What?

Contagious.

I heard you. I meant what do you mean?

Well that's a stupid question. Didn't you ever wonder why cupids only shoot one arrow but create two lovers? It's all right there in the manual.

I'm not a cupid, neither are you. You stole that bow.

I did not steal it. I looted it. If I stole it the owner would still be a live and seeking retribution. Instead I sent him to another dimension.

Lina twisted around so she could look Kevin in the face. She wrapped her legs around him digging her heels into the small of his back and leaning up to wrap her arms around his neck slamming her lips to his. The already frantic tempo her hips had built up only increased until the crashing of her hips against his and the couch thudding against the wall threatened to drown out her cries. Lina's nails dug into Kevin's shoulders, as did her teeth as she tried desperately to keep from alerting the neighbors. She howled into his chest tightening her grip until Kevin winced and then she only cinched down tighter. Then all at once her body uncoiled from his and lay flat on the couch. Kevin didn't stop just because she'd gone limp on him. He kept driving into her form over and over again until finally he pinned her down. "Was that what you wanted?" 

Lina nodded.

Well that worked out well.

Wait for it.

"Well that's just not who I am or who I want to be." Kevin whispered slowly untangling himself from his now ex. "If that's what you want in a man maybe we aren't meant to be."

Seriously?

Of course, you thought just because they clearly love each other that they were destined for a relationship? If life were really as simple as that humans wouldn't bother dating.