 Eric walked through the lobby of his large firm and waited at the elevators with thirty other lawyers. He didn't have many fans among his co-workers, and a few of the waiting suits gave audible snorts of derision in his direction. 

Eric sighed ... "I'm sorry my suit came from Men's Warehouse," Eric thought. "Not all of us can afford $3,000 clothes." Jack Wheeler, one of his domestic law-oriented coworkers, ambled over to him with a shit-eater grin on his face. 

"Eric, my man. What is it, laundry day? When are you going to learn how to dress?"

"Not all of us had rich parents to pay off student loans, Jack. Try paying an extra $1,600 a month and see how much you can afford."

"Hey man, I'm just trying to give you some fashion advice. Not that it matters. I hear your billable hours are way down. Keep that up, and I won't have to look at your flea market suits much longer." Eric fought the urge to ram his fist into the meticulously manicured face in front of him.

Jack was laughing as he backed away from him. The billable hour; also known as the bane of Eric's existence. Eric's bosses care about one thing, and one thing only: how many hours could he bill in a week to his clients. The problem with trying to bill as many hours as possible was that Eric had a conscience. He never padded his time and made an effort to try and save his clients money. Eric was popular with his clients, but on thin ice with the partners.

Eric's high from his morning commute was officially erased. He hated that he let these self-absorbed low lives get to him. 

The elevator showed up and a most of them packed in. Eric was pushed near the back and forced to stare at the back of Jack's head. Jack's words were still jabbing at Eric's mind when an idea popped into his mind. 

Eric reached out and grasped Jack's hand.

"What the hell are you...What the...?"

Eric laughed maniacally in his head as Jack tried to stammer out a question. It was no use, as Jack's breath was literally taken away. Within seconds, a surprisingly small tent had formed in the front of Jack's tailored slacks. It was clear that he was not enjoying the experience as his face showed sheer, sweaty panic. Jack let out a small involuntary groan that grabbed the attention of the rest of the elevator.

Someone asked if he was alright. Jack tried to briefly compose himself and answer.

"Yes sir, I just...Oh shit...I just..."

And that's when Jack let out a loud moan. His hips made an involuntary thrust or two, and a large stain started forming on the front of his pants. The others in the elevator stepped away from him in disgust. Eric followed suit and dropped his hand. Jack stood there rigidly, his unborn children dripping down his leg, not knowing what to do.

"Keep that up," Eric whispered to him from behind, "and I won't have to look at your cum covered suits much longer." 

Jack looked back at him in shock as the elevator door opened. Mr. Kendrick, one of the partners, got an eyeful of Jack's ruined suit as he ran to the nearest bathroom. Eric strolled out of the elevator with his mood much improved.

"Good morning Mr. Kendrick," Eric greeted his favorite partner.

"Apparently. What the hell did Mr. Wheeler do in that elevator?"

"Who knows...he must have had one fantastic day dream," Eric joked.

Mr. Kendrick chuckled, but his face quickly got serious. 

"Eric, I need to warn you about some rumblings from the other partners. Everyone knows you're a great lawyer, but you must increase your hours."

"So I've heard," admitted Eric.

"This is a business, Eric. The one's who bring in the money are valued and the one's who don't, don't stick around long. I like you Eric, but my opinion can only carry you so far."

"Thanks, Mr. Kendrick, I appreciate it. Oh...before I go. I ran into a lovely young lady on my way in today. She's applying over in your old litigation department. If you are sitting in on those interviews, look for a Rebecca Lewis."

"I will be sitting in on those interviews. I'll keep her in mind. Now go to work and start billing," Mr. Kendrick said good-naturedly with an enthusiastic finger stuck in the air.

It may have been in good fun, but Eric gave a meek smile and a nod toward his boss. "If only I could help these poor schmucks and not have to bill them $300.00 an hour," he though too himself.

Eric walked down the drab gray hallway to the domestic office suite. The three attorneys that practiced family law in the firm all had offices off of the main waiting room. They shared the lone secretary, Donna, who cheerfully greeted him good morning from her desk in the waiting room. She had always clearly had a thing for him, but Eric kept his love life and work very separate.

It wasn't that she wasn't a pleasure to look at. She had long brown hair and big brown eyes that were slightly hidden behind dark-framed glasses. She always wore sweaters that showed a bit too much cleavage and skirts that showed a bit too much leg; but Eric and the other attorney's in his department weren't complaining.

"Your first appointment is already in your office, Eric. Oh my, have you been working out?"

"Just hold my calls Donna," Eric ordered as he smiled and shook his head at her. 

Eric felt Donna's eyes on his rear as he stepped into his modest office. The walls of his work space were mostly bare; Eric had hung his law degree up so people could see he should know what he was talking about. His desk was habitually a mess; if he didn't keep the files out that needed some work, he had a tendency to forget about them. His favorite thing about his office was that it had a window, a luxury many of the attorneys here didn't have. 

Inside his office sat a blond-haired, blue-eyed man wearing a light tan suit and striped shirt with no tie. His face, although without wrinkles or blemishes, showed his age to be around 40. He smiled up at Eric as he walked into his office.

As Eric went to sit down at his desk, he started apologizing, "I am so sorry for being late for our appointment. I hope that this doesn't reflect too negatively on me when you are choosing a lawyer. This is very out of the ordinary for me."

Eric looked down at his desk and tried to find the man's intake sheet that would tell him the man's name, why he was there, etc.

The man replied, "I would have been surprised if you made it on time. I'm sure you've been having an interesting morning."

Eric snapped his head up and looked at the man's mischievous smile.

The man continued, "That waitress was certainly a gusher, wasn't she? And your performance on the elevator...priceless."

Eric narrowed his eyes, "Who are you. Do you know something about what's happened to me?"

"I do. In fact, I am the cause of what's happened to you. What's wrong?" He cocked his head to the side, "Don't you like my gift?" The man's eyes flashed with a abnormal light. 

Eric thought about it a moment, "I really haven't had much time to digest all of this. Do I like my ripped body and amazing cock?"

Eric answered his own rhetorical question, "Absolutely." 

The man smiled at this. Both at Eric's answer to his own question and at his surprising coping ability.

Eric asked another question, "Do I like that every person I touch skin-to-skin becomes immediately aroused and starts orgasming out of control?"

Eric thought long and hard about this question, "I think it could get old very fast. I imagine it being difficult to have sex while the girl below me is continuously squirming, spasming, and...ejaculating all over the place."

The man laughed out loud, and in spite of himself, Eric could not help wondering at the beauty of the sound.

Eric continued, "So what is this, who are you?"

The man answered, "Those are fair questions. I wouldn't consider myself a God or anything like that. In fact, I used to be a perfectly normal human, much like you were when you went to sleep last night. Around eighty years ago, I woke up and was blessed to be given a new body, a new cock, and some very interesting powers."

"Eighty years ago?" Eric asked skeptically.

"Slow aging is one of the powers, my friend. I age, and now so do you, at a rate about 25% below normal." He continued with his story, "When I awoke, a man greeted me and explained my new situation." 

He looked off into the distance and furrowed his brow trying to remember the old conversation, "He told me that he had been watching me and decided that I was worthy of the gifts and capable of the responsibilities. A distinction that I have found in you, Eric."

"What makes me so special?" Eric asked.

"Your heart is remarkably pure. Despite the adversarial nature of your job, you find ways to bring peace, not only to your clients, but also to their ex-spouses and their attorneys. I am certain that if many of these same couples came to you before their problems were irreconcilable, you could heal their relationships."

Eric blushed, "I don't do anything that a decent human being wouldn't do."

The man stroked his chin for a moment, "There are some decent people in this world, though a lot fewer than you think. But you put everything else aside and take an active role in repairing people's hearts. You don't let the expectations of your bosses, the long hours you put in, or the emotional toll it takes on you change who you are or affect your decisions."

The man stopped for a moment and stared into Eric's eyes, "Eric...you are an amazing person."

Eric broke eye contact with the man and was surprised to find a tear rolling down his own cheek. No one had ever spoken about his empathy as being a good thing, and Eric had always considered it a weakness. It was nearly overwhelming to hear a stranger understand Eric's actions and thoughts...and approve of them...praise them even.

"Th...Thank you," Eric was able to mutter. 

"The world should be thanking you," the man replied. "But enough of the why, I have bestowed on you a number of powers; one of which, you have already discovered. You have the ability to control other people's level of arousal. This goes from stopping someone from becoming aroused all the way to nearly instantaneous orgasm."

Eric was worried about this, "When I stumbled on this ability this morning, it was triggered by my touch on bare skin. Am I going to turn everyone I touch into a drooling mess?"

"No...no," chuckled the man, "I should have assuaged your worry earlier. All of these powers are controllable through your mind. Touch is required, but once you have the slightest touch of their skin, your mind can ignite anyone's passions. You will just need to practice."

"Why didn't you tell me all of this first thing this morning?" demanded Eric.

"I needed to see your initial reaction to make sure I wasn't wrong about you. I had to make sure you didn't immediately jump into bed with a harem. And frankly...it was fun to let you figure out some of this on your own."

Eric thought about that a moment and decided it was fair. After all, the surprises he had faced so far had all been pretty awesome. Then he realized he was missing an important piece of information, "I haven't even asked what your name is."

"You can call me Dan. The small group of people you have now joined is called, to my everlasting objection, Cupid's Deputies. We pass on the power from person to person. Each deputy has the ability to name and train his own replacement, which is where you come in. No one remembers where the powers originally came from, but gods don't seem to have any direct involvement in our abilities, at least not anymore. The group self governs, but the rules are easy ones for you to follow: Use your powers to help others and keep self-directed pleasure in moderation."

Eric looked around his office making sure the walls weren't melting; you never know when someone might slip something in your morning coffee. Everything was holding its structural integrity, and Dan was still sitting in Eric's office. Eric sighed and decided to embrace this strange new reality or his growing insanity, "So what else can we do?"

"I told you we can control arousal and orgasm, but we can also alter sexual appetites and predilections. Sex is really just a piece of a larger ability. All of our powers seem to be directed at finding pairs and creating relationships, repairing existing relationships, and ending dysfunctional relationships."

Dan moved out of his chair quickly and headed for the door, "Well...good luck Eric. I'll be by to check on you from time to time."

Eric jumped up to catch Dan as he ran out of his office, "Wait! Where the hell are you going?"

Dan turned and smiled at him, "Just be a good person Eric, and enjoy the ride." 

And before Eric could say another word, Dan was gone.

Eric sat back down at his desk and stared blankly at the wall in his silent office trying to rationalize his situation. He pushed the intercom button on his phone and asked for Donna to come into his office.

"What's up Eric?" Donna asked while poking her head through the door.

"When's my next appointment?

"Not for a couple of hours. Why?" she asked innocently.

"Would you mind helping me with a little experiment, Donna?" Eric asked.

"What did you have in mind?" Donna asked while arching her brow. She walked fully into his office a lot less innocently.

"Lock the door behind you and sit down," Eric instructed.

Donna did as she was told. She looked almost giddy. Eric couldn't help smile at her; she wasn't doing anything to hide how long she had fantasized about this moment.

Eric stood up and walked to where she was sitting. She eyed him excitedly. Her large chest was already heaving. Eric stopped and appreciated her beauty for a moment. She clearly took great pride in her appearance and worked hard at it; there wasn't a hair out of place.

He walked around behind her and bent down; "Tell me when you want me to stop," he whispered into her ear. And with that, he touched her the soft skin of her slender neck.

The reaction was instantaneous. Her eyes went wide in surprise and a gasp escaped her lips.

"Eric...I've wanted to do this for sooo...Oh fuck...," she moaned.

Eric barely heard her as he was working hard trying to figure out how to control his new-found powers. He concentrated on the softness of her neck and tried to feel out a hidden switch or dial that he could move and lower Donna's arousal and halt her rising orgasm.

Meanwhile, Donna could not believe what was happening to her. It felt like Eric's fingers had made every one of her nerves explode in bursts of unbelievable pleasure. Every inch of her skin was being licked and caressed. Her nipples were being suckled and nipped. Perfect vibrations were coursing through her clit as the most perfect cock slid in and out of her sopping wet pussy. She was instantly wracked with a never ending, mind blowing orgasm. It was the best sex of Donna's life, and all Eric had done was touch her neck.

Donna started moaning a little too loudly for comfort, causing Eric to eye the door of his office nervously. Donna was too far gone to care about where she was.

Eric could not pinpoint anything in particular, but he could feel the waves of passion coming off of Donna. "Just calm down!" Eric screamed in his head.

The effect was instantaneous. Donna stopped moaning and shuddering immediately and looked around almost like she was lost. Just a moment ago, she had never been more turned on in her life, and now the very thought of sex was borderline nauseating; Donna had never been so disgusted by the mere thought of anything remotely sexual. She could feel her soaked panties against her skin and smell her arousal, but the feelings that had brought these physical reactions already felt like a distant memory. All Donna wanted to do was change out of her ruined thong into a nice, comfortable pair of granny panties.

"What the hell just happened?" Donna demanded.

"I guess you're not in the mood after all," Eric replied innocently.

Inside, Eric was silently celebrating. It wasn't some magical switch or dial; he just had to demand a reaction, and it happened. He needed to experiment some more, and he couldn't leave Donna in this condition anyways.

Still standing, Eric went to grab Donna's hand, but she recoiled from his touch. 

"I don't know what you had in mind, Eric, but I am not that kind of girl," Donna announced derisively. 

"Not that kind of girl, huh?" Eric teased.

He quickly shot out his hand and grabbed Donna's before she could get out of his reach again. Eric concentrated and ordered Donna's body to be in a high state of arousal, but not the default, instant-orgasm setting his touch usually initiated. Eric watched as Donna's facial features melted from a look of indignation into a smoldering come-fuck-me gaze. He couldn't help but be turned on by the way she was staring at him.

As Eric sat frozen for a moment by the obvious desire emanating from Donna, he noticed that he knew everything about her sexual appetite. While Donna had been flirting with Eric for some time, he realized that she flirted with nearly every man she came into contact with. She slept with a lot of men, but was always cautious and had no diseases. She loved to be taken from behind, had tried anal sex once and hated it, and rarely gave blow jobs except to guys who reciprocated and went down on her. Fair is fair, and she loved a guy who knew his way around her pussy. 

Knowing these secrets about Donna combined with the way she was looking at him had Eric's revamped cock straining against his slacks. Eric thought about Donna's general distaste for blowing guys and was a little disappointed. Dan hadn't specified exactly what his powers were, so Eric decided to try a new tactic. He thought about Donna's appetite for sucking cock and demanded that her opinion toward the subject change. Eric ordered her to love a good blowjob from here on out.

Donna's eyes immediately flashed to Eric's crotch where the outline of his giant engorged dick was clearly visible going down his right pant leg. Without so much as asking please, Donna was desperately fumbling with Eric's zipper. She got it down fished her hand into the hole, and pulled out Eric's cock.

"Oh wow..." is all Donna said before she hungrily shoved half of it down her throat.

"Oh shit," Eric whispered, trying desperately not to yell out loud. He could feel Donna's arousal increasing further without help from him. She was really getting off on her new fondness for giving head.

Eric was in heaven. He watched as Donna tried to cram more and more of his shaft into her mouth and down her throat. Eric rewarded her effort by setting off a small orgasm as six inches disappeared into her hot wet mouth. She moaned around his dick causing Eric to come to the brink of his own orgasm.

Donna bobbed a few more time up and down and Eric lost control. His eyes slammed shut and he began shooting load after load of cum into Donna's mouth. As Eric started cumming, he forgot that he was filtering Donna's arousal. His control over his abilities was lost and Donna began a new series of orgasms. 

His ecstasy was easily outdone by Donna's unbridled climax. Her eyes went wide and she began convulsing uncontrollably. By Eric's third spurt, she fell back off his dick and passed out in the chair. The last few ropes of cum plopped onto the floor.

Eric came down from his high and opened his eyes. Donna had cum dripping out of her mouth, a smile on her lips, and a literal puddle pooled around her crotch.

Then he heard a knock on the door. "Eric, everything ok in there?"

"Shit."