 Brian couldn't believe his luck. He didn't know what Gypsies were doing at the county fair, but when the old man told him his daughter would blow him for five dollars he had felt sure it was a scam. He'd never been happier to be wrong. Here he was in the darkness of the Gypsy's tent, with his dick sliding between the hungry lips of one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. She had long, wild hair and dusky skin that made her small breasts look even perkier than they already were. The girl was in her early twenties at the oldest, but she had definitely learned how to suck cock like a woman twice her age. She flicked her wet tongue over the tip before taking his whole eight inches, and hummed a dirty tune that sent vibrations all through Brian's thick shaft. Just one thing, she had told him in her broken English before going down on him: "Tell me before you come."

"Sure thing," Brian said, just like he and every other man have said so many times before.

The shadow of her naked, thin hips rocking in time with the girl's bobbing head was eventually too much for poor Brian. He felt himself tensing and his toes began to curl. Brian placed his hands on the back of the girl's head and thrust his manhood deeper into her throat as he came. It had been over a week since his last ejaculation, and Brian gushed what felt like gallons of jizz down the poor girl's throat. She gagged and tried to spit but began to choke. Cock-snot erupted from her nose and ran from the corners of her mouth to fall on those gorgeous little tits. She flashed him a look he knew was reserved for those for whom she truly wished the worst the gods had to offer, and muttered something under her breath in her native tongue. Brian wiped his dick in her raven hair, zipped up his jeans and made for the entrance of the tent, wondering exactly what it was she was saying and why there had been an eerie gust of wind and a clap of thunder just as she finished saying it.

That night at the dance club Brian had a hard time choosing whom to go after; so many of the young women were so hot. He danced his way near a college-aged redhead in a schoolgirl uniform and garters that drew his eyes up the backs of her taut legs toward her firm, round ass. She seemed to like the attention, and bent over a bit to allow him just the briefest glimpse of her milky white cleavage. Brian could already feel the stirrings in his cock when the girl turned in rhythm with the music. She backed against him and gently ground her lovely ass into his crotch. Through the thin material of his trousers Brian could feel the warmth of the girl. He envisioned lifting that little plaid skirt up and bending the redhead over his sofa as he pushed her white panties aside and slid his cock into her moist slit. Suddenly, Brian felt the blood rushing to his cock. He tensed up and looked around him in a panic as he felt his dick throbbing. He had shot a load in his pants, and a dark spot was emerging through the thin material. The girl must have felt what happened, too. She jumped away from him and glanced back over her shoulder, a look of utter disgust clearly visible on her pretty face. Brian went home in shame.

When Brian came to work the next day he was in a sour mood. His shirt was buttoned unevenly and he barked at the receptionist when she tried to discreetly point it out. Susan knew there was something on his mind.

Brian had been trying to get into Susan's panties for months. She was his boss's secretary, and her blond hair and green eyes had been on his mind since the day she had sauntered into the office. She was tall and thin, with high, firm tits that were just right for her slender frame. She favored bright red lipstick, and she had an unconscious habit of licking her lips when she concentrated, sending every man in the office into fits as they imagined that soft mouth wrapped around their shafts.

Susan could tell right away that something was bothering Brian. She walked into his office and asked him if everything was alright. Brian blushed, then said he didn't want to talk about it. Susan closed the door and, leaning closer to him, said, "Maybe there's something I can do to help."

In all the months he had been fantasizing about this woman, Brian had never considered the possibility she might feel the same way about him. He stood up and said, "Well, maybe there is something you could do."

Susan smiled at him and began unbuttoning her blouse. She pulled it free of her black skirt and it fell from her thin shoulders. A white bra held a pair of breasts that didn't really need the support but looked fantastic in lace. Brian fumbled with his tie, and Susan brushed his hands away, pushed him back into his chair, and undid the tie for him. She unbuttoned his shirt and rubbed her small hands over his chest. She locked her deep blue eyes on his as she undid his belt and pulled his pants down, brushing her cheek against his rapidly hardening cock as she did so. Brian grabbed at her skirt and once he had it past her graceful hips it came down easily. Her black thong was showing a hint of moisture, and she unhooked her bra and freed a perfect pair of tits with tiny pink nipples.

The blond gasped as Brian pushed her back onto his desk. He grasped the waist of her thong and pulled it free in one smooth motion, and then paused, mesmerized by the pink folds exposed before him. Brian fell to his knees and pushed his face against her crotch, breathing in the musky aroma and feeling the heat coming off her like a blast furnace. "Oh God," Susan moaned, "quit stalling and put it in."

Brian rose to his feet, forgetting about last night's troubles as he stroked his massive erection. He rubbed it against her shaved twat and watched her face contort in frustrated anticipation. He loved seeing the tip of his man-pole wading between the outer lips of a woman's twat, and he savored spreading the moisture around before taking that initial long slide in. Her pert breasts were heaving, though, and she wouldn't wait for long. "Please," she sighed, "I need it inside now."

Brian rammed it in up to the hilt, and she wrapped her taut legs around him as she gasped. To his horror, Brian felt his cock beginning that tell-tale twitching. He pulled it back out fast, leaving her gaping, quivering hole with a wet pop. She looked up at him, and as he held his throbbing cock it erupted. A rope of cum arched over her milky white body and landed with a slap in her right eye. Susan clamped her knees shut and winced. "Oh God," Brian said. "I'm so sorry." He fumbled around for something to wipe her face with and wound up using his tie. Susan began to pull her skirt back up.

"Wait," Brian pleaded. "Please don't go. It's just that you're so beautiful and I've wanted you for so long."

"Do you mean it?" Susan asked, her eye still watering from the cum. Brian nodded.

They caressed one another for a few minutes and then, still naked, Susan dropped to her knees and kissed Brian's newly hair-triggered cock. It twitched and she giggled, then licked her way up the shaft. Brian began to get harder. Susan took him into her mouth and ran her tongue around the head of his prick, and they both knew Brian was good for another go. "Well," said Susan, pulling back and holding his now rigid member in her delicate hands, "looks like we're back on track here."

Just then, Brian's cock twitched and sent a bullet of cum straight into the air. It landed with a splat in Susan's left eye. She cursed and fell backwards, her little tits turning red with rage. Susan picked up Brian's tie and wiped her eye out with it, then pulled on her clothes and stormed from his office. Dejected, Brian dressed himself and sat down to get to work. One of the other clerks, Ted, came into his office and handed him a five-inch stack of papers. "Boss-man wants these done before you leave today" Ted said. "Dude, what happened to your tie?"

The next several weeks were a veritable massacre of sprayed semen and disappointed women. Brian could barely get his pants down around his ankles before he was shooting his load, sometimes in a pathetic dribble onto his leg, and sometimes in a dramatic arc that sailed across the room to land on the wall. The only constant was that the women were unimpressed. Brian's previously strong sense of self-confidence was shaken at best. He began to go for fat women, thinking that if they weren't attractive he could still perform like his old studly self. He found the only difference using that strategy, though, was that the women's floppy tits jiggled more as they laughed at him. He tried old women, and then old, fat women. Nothing worked, though, and Brian began to fear his sex life was effectively over.

That's when he saw the ad for Margot's Sex Counseling. He had never considered counseling before, having always envisioned such places as refuges for goat-lickers and the chronically unfuckable. He was in dire straits, though, and decided to give it a go.

When he walked into the waiting room he was surprised to see it looked just like any other doctor's waiting room, with pleasant fake plants and year-old magazines arranged attractively around plush furniture. The receptionist was a pretty young woman with auburn hair done up in a bun. She wore a black sweater and had stylish horn-rimmed glasses that screamed art student. She smiled pleasantly and told him to have a seat.

Brian couldn't believe his eyes when the doctor came for him. She had shiny brown hair pulled back in a ponytail, and her white medical coat hung over her thin shoulders in just such a way as to accentuate her thin waist that flared out into supple hips. She didn't seem to be wearing a bra, and Brian could see the nipples on her firm tits beneath her thin blouse. Margot sat down, locked her green eyes on him, and asked him to recount his troubles.

Brian noticed that as he told his story, Margot's nipples became hard. "Mmm-hmm," she kept saying, though he couldn't tell if it was a sign she was listening or if it was due to the way she kept subtly rubbing her thighs together. When he finished she told him to lie down on the couch. "Let's get a look at you," she said, and undid his belt and pulled down his pants and boxers. Brian's wanking-stick stirred immediately. Margot cupped his heavy balls in her gentle hand and caressed his sack. As he became rigid, he noticed a gleam in her eye. "My," she said, "you're bigger than most of my patients."

Brian was now painfully hard. Margot took his cock in her hand and it immediately twitched. He shot a load that landed on her white coat. "I think I know what's going on here," Margot said, "but we're going to need to do some tests." To Brian's surprise, Margot took off her coat, then pulled the thin blouse over her head. Her little nipples were rigid and her C-cup breasts were gently rounded and flushed with heat. She took off her pants to reveal a neatly trimmed bush. Brian wasted no time in losing his shirt.

"Now," Margot said, "what are you thinking about?"

Brian answered truthfully that he wanted to shoot a load into that hot little twat. "There'll be plenty of time for that," Margot said. "But I want you to keep looking into my eyes."

With that, Brian leaned back on the couch. Margot climbed on top of him and straddled his hips. She held his chin with one delicate hand so that his eyes were locked on hers. They were emerald green and the deepest Brian had ever seen. He felt her hot wetness as she slid down, impaling herself on his shaft. "Keep watching me," she said. "Think about my eyes and try to guess what I'm thinking."

Brian did as he was told, and Margot moved gently back and forth, grinding her clit against his pubic bone. Her breath came in little flutters. Brian wrenched himself from her gaze and felt his cock throb as he sent his seed deep into her womb. He blushed and expected her to reprimand him.

"Not bad," she said. "You made it almost a minute." She remained on top of him, with his shaft buried in her depths. "Listen," she said. "I know how to break this spell you're under."

Brian was elated. He felt his cock twitch, already trying to become hard again so he could fuck this beauty again. Then he realized she was massaging him with her twat muscles, gently squeezing and relaxing, urging him back to life.

"The spell takes advantage of your natural tendency to focus on your orgasm," Margot said. "As long as you're focused on relieving your own sexual tension, your cock will accomplish that goal long before you're ready. The spell is like sexual judo, using your own momentum against you.

"Now," Margot said, "we're going to try something. "Amber!" she called. The lovely receptionist opened the door. "Could you please disrobe, Amber?" Margot asked.

"Listen," Margot told Brian, "we're going to make love to Amber. But I don't want you to simply fuck her. You're going to make her come, and I'm going to help you." Margot slid off Brian's semi-hard cock with a wet slurping noise. Amber walked over to the couch. She had a nice, round waist and breasts that were just a little heavier than Margot's. She had pulled her hair from its bun, and it fell in graceful waves around her gentle cheeks.

Amber lay back on the couch and opened her legs to Brian. Margot took Brian's hands and pulled him on top of Amber. She placed his hands behind the girl's shoulders so his face was just inches from hers. She had warm brown eyes and a beautiful smile. "Ask her how she's doing," Margot told Brian. Brian talked to Amber, and before long he had nearly forgotten that he was naked and sharing a couch with two of the hottest women he had ever seen.

They had talked for some time, and Brian found himself immensely attracted to Amber, not just in terms of her obvious assets, but her personality as well. Brian was almost surprised when he realized Margot was at the other end of the couch sucking on his ball-sack. He knew she must have been there for some time, though he had been so caught up with Amber that he hadn't really noticed when Margot had started.

"I think we're ready," Amber said. "Make love to me."

Brian moved his hand down between her legs, and found her wetlands were flooding. Margot moved his hand over her thighs, then directed him to Amber's hardening clit. He rubbed in circles, and listened as Amber's breathing became heavier. Her eyes were half closed and she let out a slow, luxurious moan. Brian felt Margot's tits on his back, and she whispered hotly in his ear. "That's just right," Margot said. "Now, keep your hands on her breasts and move down here with me."

Brian did as he was told, and Margot held Amber's creamy thighs open for him. Brian licked the juices from her outer lips, then ran his tongue up her pink slit. He felt Amber's taut belly flutter with pleasure. Margot watched approvingly over his shoulder as she cupped Brian's balls in her hand. Brian's own hands squeezed Amber's pretty tits, and his fingers traced gentle circles around her rigid nipples.

Amber placed her hands behind Brian's biceps and pulled. Brian looked at Margot and she told him to go with her. Amber pulled Brian back up to face level. "I'm ready now," Amber said. "I want you inside me."

"Keep looking in her eyes," Margot said behind him. Brian felt Margot take hold of his dick and slide it against Amber's blossoming pussy. She covered his prick in girl-juice and then pushed the head into Amber's quivering hole. Brian and Amber both moaned with pleasure. "That's good," Margot said. Margot kept his balls cupped in her hands so she could feel that he was in Amber up to the hilt. "Just stay there for a moment."

Brian looked at Amber and saw the traces of a smile on her inviting lips. He hadn't felt so comfortable in ages. Behind him, Margot pulled gently on his hips, easing him back from Amber's twat, which seemed to flutter and urge his cock back in. Amber guided Brian's hips in a circle as she pushed him back into the girl. Amber threw her head back and Brian could feel her hips rise up to meet him. Margot kept a hand on each of their asses to guide them. The two rocked with one another gently for several minutes. Then Amber wrapped her legs around Brian's waist and pulled him tight against her. He could feel her whole body quivering in the grips of a silent orgasm.

"Very nice," Margot said. "Now you've earned the right to come yourself." Margot pulled Brian off of Amber, who leaned back with a look of satisfied delirium on her pretty face. Margot made him kneel on the floor beside the low couch, and helped him pull Amber's hips to the edge. Margot leaned down and took Brian's cock into her warm mouth to make sure he was still hard, and bobbed her head down a few times for good measure. Amber's twat was still gaping from the penetration of Brian's thick pole, and Margot took his cock in her hand and guided it back into the quivering hole. Amber moaned, and Brian watched as, inch by inch, his cock disappeared into the girl. Margot climbed onto the couch beside her assistant, and held the girl's knees apart so Brian could have a good view of her twat being filled. Before long he began throbbing, and felt his seed shoot deep inside her. It was the most satisfying orgasm he had ever had, and when he pulled out he was delighted to see a trail of cum dripping out of her snatch.

"Thank you both," Brian said. "I think you've cured me. But how did you know what to do?"

"You think you're the first case of this nature I've seen?" asked Margot after licking Brian's cock clean. "No man ever tells that Gypsy he's going to come while she still has him in her mouth."