 Slow breezes blew through the little town of Neverwell. Birds chirped as they soared overhead in the morning sunlight. Many people were busy bustling about getting ready for the work they had ahead of them. Some sat idly on their porches still chewing the end of the tobacco pipes and blowing lazy smoke rings into the air. A man hung sadly in the stocks in the center of the square. His gaze was nearly blank, but he would shift from side to side from the discomfort of his newly growing erection. His friend Kourtney had just offered him incredible fellatio services, but it still didn't seem to stop is growing lust. His skin was pale and sweaty and he could feel his mind growing hungrier by the minute for a new sexual encounter. Kourtney gently walked down the cobblestone path to her house. It was quiet this morning, there was something unique in the air that no one could quite understand. The world somehow felt... different. There were large clouds that soon began to form overhead putting many of the elders who were drinking wine on their porches back inside. 

As Kourtney made her way along the streets she felt her cheeks turn crimson with each step she took. Her dress was rubbing roughly along her pelvis, and the fabric was sending her mind into fits of sexual need. She could feel the dampness between her legs, and that only sent her mind begging for more attention. Luckily the people were moving back inside and closing their shutters to protect themselves from the impending storm. The soft swishing of her dress echoed down the empty path, and it only allowed her mind to wander easier. After a few minutes she found herself barely able to look at anything but the ground in front of her, each object that law before her eyes would remind her of something sexual. Now that she had a first encounter with a man's penis she knew what it tasted like, and felt like under her touch. She shivered and quickened her pace.

She arrived at her door finally and she whipped it open quickly closing herself inside. She didn't have the right materials for travel wear, but she did have a pair of trousers that she used when helping farmers or cleaning up the cobbler's shop. She dug out a blouse from the basket at the end of her bed. She didn't own very many clothes, so she didn't bother with a proper storage for them. Instead she would discard used clothing near the foot of her bed. Kourt began to strip out of her dress and she felt her cheeks flush again. How tempting was it to rub herself in her house? People wouldn't see her behind closed doors and with the window closed. She sighed and shook her head.

"I can't believe that I keep thinking like that. Perhaps that curse really is playing tricks on my mind." She said as she dropped the dress she was wearing to the ground. She removed her shoulders from the loose shift and caught a reflection of herself in the small mirror that was hanging on the wall. The shift fell to her waist but she didn't bother to take it all the way off. The mirror was no bigger than a foot tall, but she was standing far enough away that she could see parts of her body in the mirror. She quickly looked down to confirm what the mirror was showing. Her breasts had grown a bit since she had last looked. Kourt reached up her hands and cupped her now healthier shaped breasts. They were still not quite as big as Missie's, but they were considerably more noticeable. She felt her knees shake when she moved her hands to her nipples. They slowly grew erect and she let out a soft moan as she tweaked them between her fingers.

"Oh god they have grown so much... It's going to be hard not to fall into temptation. I can't fail to that damn witch." She said. Kourtney gritted her teeth and let her hands fall to her sides. She looked back up at the mirror and turned left and right admiring the new changes. They were quite lovely though, she wondered what it would be like to suck on a pair just like that... or what it would be like to suck on Missie's. She shook her head and quickly removed the rest of the shift that was hanging awkwardly around her middle she stretched her arms up in the air and welcomed the fresh feeling of air against her naked skin. She looked left and right and quickly decided that she was going to explore herself for the first time.

"Okay new body this is something I have never done." She said looking down at herself. She smiled as her newly grown breasts heaved with the deeper breaths she was taking. Kourtney walked over to the mirror hanging on the wall and removed it, she then propped it up at the head of her bed that was against the wall. She reached out and closed the shutters that were letting in the little light that was left outside. Inside grew extremely dark and she decided that she needed some kind of light to properly get to know herself. She quickly gathered the wax candle that was at the foot of her bed and placed it on a saucer. She dug around until she found her flint and steel and chipped away until sparks finally caught small wick alight. The room soon danced with uneven glows from the candle and she placed it on the table that stood next to her bed. 

Kourtney quickly settled at the foot of her bed, her legs hanging over the edge. She looked at her side in the reflection of the mirror and gave out a frustrated sigh, "I can't see a bloody thing in here. Let's just hope no one is walking by." She quickly stood from the bed and opened one shutter to the outside letting more light spill in. soon she was seated back on the bed admiring the reflection of her side in the mirror, "Much better, okay self let's see what we can discover." She said and gently lifted one of her legs onto the bed and then the other. She was nearly straddling the mirror so she could see the entirety of what lay between her legs.

Kourt let out a gasp when she looked up in the mirror. The hair that she had grown familiar with was completely gone. The wasn't a single inch of it left. Her skin was completely bare like a baby's bottom, and sitting just above her now exposed female parts was a strange lump of dark colored skin that she was completely unfamiliar with. She breathed out in shock again, trying to hold back a shriek. The curse the witch had put on her was this hideous lump of flesh growing above her perfect lady parts. Gingerly she raised a thumb and finger and picked at the skin. It was a part of her, she could feel the movement of the skin like someone had grabbed the loose skin on her elbow. It was foreign, but she could feel both the flesh below her touch and on her own body.

To her shock a small dribble of something sticky oozed from the center. She shuddered to think what it was. She gently reached her fingers forward and collected it between them. She pinched them together and released them, strands of the liquid stuck to each side creating strings of the goo between them. She raised her fingertips to her nose and smelled. It reminded her of the smell that was coming from Johnny's phallus and she shivered. She wanted to wipe her hand off on the bed, but a sudden urge to taste the new liquid urged her to lick her tongue forward. She gently licked the sticky substance from her fingers and was greeted by a familiar warm and salty taste. It was the same stuff that was dripping from Johnny's thick cock. She reached her fingertips down again and started to move the new patch of discolored skin back and forth hoping it would produce more of that liquid that was so salty but delicious.

The movement caused her to feel a jolt of pleasure she hadn't been expecting. It felt extremely good to roll the skin back and forth in her fingertips. She had to be careful not to pull too much, but when she collected a good piece of it between thumb and forefinger she was able to twist it back and forth gently. There was a new sensation in her nips and more of that liquid began to ooze gently from the center of the flesh mound. Kourtney hungrily scooped it all up into her hand and licked it off her fingertips. She needed more of this. She watched herself in the mirror as she teased and tugged at the strange flesh patch. She decided to give her left hand something to do as well. She slowly trailed it down below where the patch was and she rocked her hips forward getting a clear view of her dainty pussy. She gently touched the edges of the new territory. She wasn't extremely unfamiliar with how a woman's body was shaped or looked, but it was the first time she had seen hers completely nude.

She let out a soft squeak of surprise when her fingers slid across the soft moist opening. Her right hand continued to poke and prod at the pile of skin that was starting to turn a deep red color. Her left fingers opened her gash revealing a dainty hole. She gently pushed her middle finger forward into her welcoming body. The sensation was beyond anything she has ever felt before. She let out a small surprised yelp and bit her lips trying to stay quiet. The patch of skin she was working her right hand against had started to secrete more of that sticky clear liquid. She began to furiously coax her finger in and out of her small pussy. The pleasure ebbed at her body and she shivered in delight eliciting a gentle moan. She felt her cheeks turn red with embarrassment and she turned her head away from the mirror so as not to be more of a pervert. What was wrong with her? She was worse than any of the girls in town who slept around with whoever they wanted. Another jolt of pleasure rocketed through her and she rolled her hips in motion with the movement of her fingers. She turned her head and looked back at the mirror sheepishly.

The sight of her body begging to be toyed with made her spin into a new high of pleasure. She shivered and bit her lips over her teeth trying not to moan out louder than she already did. Her finger dipped and dived into her body furiously. Her other hand worked roughly on the patch of skin that was deepening its red color. The twinge of pleasure made her grit her teeth. She no longer felt sheepish about watching herself but desired to see every inch of her body racked in pleasure. She continued to twist her fingers in and out of her body coaxing each ounce of pleasure she could, something she once found dirty and wrong made her writhe and twist in so much ecstasy that she felt the fool for having judged someone for doing it.

Her hand working at the odd skin pile on her pelvis became a blur as she poked and prodded her wet twat. She clenched her toes her hand working furiously at the new formed flesh. To her surprise that once building pleasure heightened even further. He dropped her chin to her chest and groaned in pleasure no longer worried about who was listening her. Her throaty howl was greeted by the heaviest amount of pleasure she had ever felt in her entire life. Her toes would probably be permanently stuck in the curled position her feet began to cramp and white sticky cream erupted from the mound on her pelvis. Her finger coaxing her orgasm from insider her needy pussy was starting to cramp and she realized that the pleasure spike she felt was beginning to subside. She withdrew her hand away from her wet body and looked at the pool of white cream. It looked exactly like what she had so willingly drank from Johnny's body...

Giving a shiver and realizing what she had just done Kourtney lifted herself from the ground shakily. Her breasts were gleaming with sweat, and she couldn't help but run a finger up across the stiff pointed nipple greeting her vision as she looked herself over. What a fool she was diving into her house and... and... she shivered again. She needed to get dressed and head out for her adventure to fix what was happening to not only herself but to Neverwell. Why did all this fall on her shoulders now? Why couldn't she just be who she was and be content with it?

Angrily she grabbed the nearest cloth she could find and donned the unforgiving ugly dress. That was odd, she never had an issue with her clothing choices before, but there was something itching in the back of her head saying that she needed something a bit better looking and something that wasn't so stifling. She felt a pang of fear and realized what it was that she had just done. Kourtney had pleasured herself, and to her surprise the strange mound of flesh at her pelvis had erupted a white sticky cream that she didn't even bother to clean up. The desire to open the front of her dress and show a bit more cleavage made a cold sweat break out on her forehead. Perhaps she was sick and a quick visit to the town healer could help fix her up. She put a finger to her lips and forgot about her recent fondling in her house. The flavor of her own body was salty and she couldn't help but lick up the rest of her fingers with a new found excitement. There really was something wrong with her.

As she walked Kourtney tugged at her clothing trying to make it comfortable but the need to feel her skin free in the air was growing more apparent. She finally gave up and tugged the top two buttons free from the top of her neckline on her dress and the sweat that was beading on her breasts made her shiver and her nipples stiffened with excitement in her large unfashionable dress. The Lem the healer wouldn't be far and perhaps no one would see her exposed skin. Then again many of the women around this city were known to show off a little more than the base of their neck. Kourtney's face grew red at the thought of wearing such a low cut top to where anyone could see her body.

With a huff she began to walk toward the Lem's cabin. He was normally such a nice quiet man that he wouldn't say anything about her appearance. He perhaps could even reverse whatever it was that was going on with her body. The oddity that her body was stripped of it's hair and that she was flushed with incredible desires that she always viewed as more wrong anything else. Perhaps it wasn't really a curse from a witch but a foolish mistake she had made by toying around with her body that is meant to be kept pure and clean for marriage. This isn't the kind of lifestyle she needed. Kourtney always found herself frowning at Missy and the odd sexual escapades that she participated in, and she was far more dignified than the other woman.

Her hand quickly pushed the buttons back into the fasteners and she adjusted the collar at her neck that was now tighter than usual. She walked with a brisk pace towards Lem's building hoping not to run into anyone else, but right in that moment a slight giggle from an airy voice made her back shiver with disgust.

"How are you doing Kourtney?" Missy's voice made Kourt want to turn around and punch her clean in the face. There was something about it that was demeaning and mocking towards her. She deserved for credit than Missy was giving her. She frowned for a bit and then tried hard to straighten her face. She felt her cheeks warm as she turned on her heel to see the large bosom of her enemy.

"I'm... I'm..." She trailed off as her eyes began to grow entranced by such a lovely pair of breasts. They seemed so much fuller and ready to be touched and licked and rubbed. Missy gave out a small gasp and before Kourtney realized why she felt warmth brushing her fingertips. She grabbed gently at the soft bodice of Missy's clothing getting a warm feeling not only in her face and head but in her nether region. Each time her fingers stroked the edge of the woman's flesh she grew more flushed with sexual need. Missy shivered and she slipped a hand toward the front of her dress and began to rub invitingly at the spot where just minutes ago Kourtney had fondled. 

With a jerk of her hand she backed away from Missy, "I'm... I'm... sorry." Kourtney turned on her heels and ran quickly down the street, it was a wonder that no one else had seen the display she just put on for the world. She was such a fool, perhaps Lem really could fix her before she lost herself to the witches curse. Going north seemed like something that was no longer of importance but rather getting the medical attention she really needed was priority.