 Kourtney felt her hands shaking as she raised a fist to knock at the door. What had she done? She fondled Missie in public for anyone to see, and clearly Missie had enjoyed it or she would have said something or screamed or anything... but the way she responded is what bothered Kourtney even more. Missie began to fondle herself in the same exact way that Kourt had done so . She felt her mouth grow dry as she knocked on Lem's door. He opened the door and greeted her with a wide smile bowing and ushering her to enter. She stepped over the threshold and found herself looking around the quaint apothecary. He had bottles of odd things stoppered here and there along the walls, from green liquids to brown. One wall wasn't even visible past the beautiful array of potions he had mixed together for certain healing.

On the far side of the room was a gentle wooden table that he had a hand resting upon. He patted it twice and Kourtney glided over gently. it was common place to be examined the second you entered into Lem's healing shop, but something about the events of the day made Kourtney almost hesitant to get near the man.

"Good to see you in here today Kourt," his face was complacent but there seemed to be a look of concern shining in his eyes, "You look a bit flushed is there anything I can help you with?" He insisted that she move towards him but her knees were growing weaker.

She found her eyes tracing over the front of his trousers as if trying to see what sexual power he had hidden away by such wretched clothing. Being naked and falling into your bodies wishes was far better than being confined. She shook her head and opened her mouth feeling faint, "I... I..." she nearly collapsed and as she toppled forward, Lem dashed to her scooping her up into his warm embrace. His body wasn't strong but it felt so much stronger than her own. The odd patchy skin on her pelvis began to leak wetness onto the front of her dress and the heat growing on Kourt's cheeks only meant that she was now falling like she had at her house. Unable to resist the urge to strip naked and please herself in front of Lem.

Lem lifted her and carried her gently to the table, and upon setting her down there sprung up on his forehead droplets of sweat that meant he too must have been feeling something that was driving her insane. Perhaps this sexual tension had been shared between them for years and she just was unable to see it past her own innocence. Her fingers gripped at the buttons that held her confining dress, and she began to tweak them to free her breasts from their prison. The healer twitched and his face began to contort as if he was experiencing extreme pain. Kourtney didn't mind whether his erection was causing him pain being trapped in the pants he was wearing, she wanted to see it, she wanted to touch it, she needed to have it.

The front of her dress began to grow unbearably wet with each passing second, and Lem was quick to help her remove it from her body, his face still pinched up in pain. Laying naked on the table, having forgotten her small clothes, Kourtney began to twist her hips from the burning need in her loins. She needed to feel him against her flesh, his warm tender embrace. He had just carried her, and now she needed to feel the same but with his thick warm cock pressed against her flesh. Kourtney's cheeks flushed and she twisted her head to look at Lem and see why he wasn't jumping on top of her.

She let out a faint gasp as she realized why he had been contorting his face in pain. In place of his mouth was a sideways slit that was leaking a pearlescent liquid that smelled faintly sweet. He reached up a shaking hand to the edges of the sideways lips and touched the outer edges, they were ruffled like a flower, and looked familiar to Kourtney, though she couldn't quite place a word on it, not now while her body was on fire. She just wanted to feel Lem pressed against her. Just as Lem's fingers traced the edges of his newly deformed mouth, he let out a shiver and his cheeks burned a deeper red. No sound escaped from between the lips but more of the liquid leaked out expectantly of something more.

Kourtney sat up on the edge of the table, her body shivering and shaking with the lack of her sexual attention. Lem looked down at her and she lifted her hands up to his jaw line. She pulled him close, the overwhelming scent of something sweet and tangy filled her nose. Kourtney opened her mouth and moved her tongue toward the desirable slit that now filled Lem's face. Her tongue collided with the incredible surface of his lips and Lem visible shivered as she ran her tongue upwards along the length of it collecting each ounce of the liquid she could. Lem's throat made a stifled moan and he dropped forward his knees colliding with the edge of the table where Kourtney was sitting.

He tongue now knew what to do by instinct. She ran it flat along the surface of his lips, and her left hand worked forward to the base of his chin, parting the beautiful display to expose a hole. She worked her forefinger forward and pressed it inside gently, feeling the walls flutter anxiously against her fingertip. Each time her tongue brushed forward to the tip of the lips, Lem would twist and moan excitedly. Kourtney pressed her lips against the tip of his lips and felt the skin part and spread exposing a tiny button of flesh that was knotted up but large enough that her tongue could easily flick it back and forth. Each stroke she made Lem would shiver, she heard a squelching sound emit from the edge of the table, but she didn't mind whatever it was. She just wanted to get more of the juices leaking from Lem's newly formed mouth.

She decided to begin to spell Missie's name over and over and the knob of skin that seemed to cause Lem so much pleasure, because each time he felt pleasure more of the sweet juices rolled down his chin and splashed onto Kourtney's exposed thighs. Kourtney turned her wrist and rest her chin on her hand, she worked the digit that was buried inside of the tightened hole stroking the top walls of the parted lips. Each finger stroke would coincide with another letter of Missie's gentle name. Why did her name come to Kourtney's mind? Each time she had a question about any of the events transpiring Lem would give an audible moan through his throat and shift in pleasure and more of the sexual juices dripped into her expectant mouth. She didn't need to think in order to get what it was that she wanted.

Lem began to break out in a sweat, his shoulders were shaking rhythmically in time with Kourtney's experienced licking. She worked her middle finger into the hole and Lem jolted practically screaming through only his throat, unable to speak from the lips that were filling his face that kourtney was so eagerly kissing. He tasted incredible, why was it that kissing someone like she was seemed so... sexual? Her patch of flesh mounded at the top of her pelvis began to twist in pleasure, a finger was poking and prodding against her. More of the extreme juices began to leak across her body and mingle with the ones leaking from Lem's parted lips. Suddenly pleasure began to well up inside of Kourtney's stomach. Each stroke the finger made against her body more of the juices would combine and a twinge of excitement erupted in her belly. Something like butterflies kicking at the insides of her rib cage.

The finger pushed forward and Lem shivered white hot liquid erupted onto Kourtney's stomach and a torrent of the juices of Lem's lips filled Kourtney's mouth just as she finished spelling out the last letter of Missie's name. She shivered and felt the strange patch of flesh erupt with liquid as well combining with all the juices the pair of them had made together. She released her hold on Lem's chin and felt her fingers dripping with juices slide free from Lem's open hole. He fell backward onto the ground his chest heaving excitedly. The fleshly lips that filled his face were still gently leaking that golden liquid that she still had a desire to lap up like a hungry dog.

Kourtney shivered and looked down at her stomach. A rope of white cream had splashed up along her navel, it wasn't entirely white some of it was clear. She reached a questioning finger and scooped some of the liquid up. She popped her finger into her mouth and was greeted by something almost salty and in comparison with the sweet tangy flavor of Lem's mouth she gave out a gentle moan. It was incredible and she needed to have more. Within seconds her body was cleaned of all the juices that had dripped over her, but the spots that had been covered now felt sticky. The room smelt faintly of... of... then she realized it. It smelled like her friend in stocks did after she sucked his massive...

Kourtney let out a gasp and covered her mouth looking around the room in horror. What had she just done? The lips on Lem's face looked exactly like the lips that sat eagerly between her thighs. Lem's mouth was contorted into a Vagina, and Kourtney had taken place in licking and fingering it. She uncovered her mouth slowly feeling her jaw still agape. Lem couldn't fix her. Lem was not going to be able to help her clear her body of the sensations she was feeling. Lem was no longer her savior or her sanctuary from this extremely awkward situation that this witch had placed her in. The only escape she could have was to go north to the castle and confront the woman head on. Kourtney quickly grabbed her dress and latched the buttons in place, leaving her clavicle exposed and she darted from the room forgetting her shoes.

She moved quickly along the hot cobbled street. She was going to have to find a new set of clothes that would let her move easier than this dress. She had bunches of the material in each fist and with a determined face headed towards the blacksmith. He sold tunics of leather that might be safer for her to wear when going against this wicked woman that called herself a witch.