 Her footsteps seemed to echo loudly in her ears with each passing moment as she made her way toward the city center. The images of running her tongue over what have must been a woman's anatomy only made her own nether region begin to burn with delight once again. Her stomach fluttered with butterflies and the newly formed odd patch of skin began to leak once more on her already sticky dress front. How much sex could one person really desire? Had she been this pent up for years from her goal to be pure and clean?

As she neared the Blacksmith shoppe her mind's eye began to replay the vision of Missie hunched forward on her knees sucking down most of the man's meaty girth between her perfect succulent lips. Kourtney found herself dreaming about running her tongue against Missie's around the man's thick member, precum dribbling from the tip into both their mouths as their share a passionate kiss between them. The wet patch on the front of her dress deepened and she quickly covered it with her hands as Kourt tried to push the images from her mind. She needed to find the witch and rid herself of the evil that was overtaking every fiber of her being. With a new determined glare she set forward toward the large bearded man.

She stepped under the tent that hung at the front entrance of his store, he had a simple display of barrels here and there that had an assortment of tools for local workers, from horse shoes to hammers the blacksmith had it all. Kourtney and he were not very close, but she at least could give him business when needed. Either she needed to pick up a back of nails to fix some of the chairs or doors in her own home, or to go through the cobblers place and do some fixing of her own, though most of the time she bribed people nearby with food that she would be preparing. She wasn't a fantastic cook, but enough to get a few people who were smarter at fixing up a wall than she.

The smith turned around and gave her a frown, "Strange stuff happenin' round here today I tell ya. Just a minute ago Missie came in asking if you were around to uh... share some time together between the three of us. Of course I told her no seein' I am married and all." The smith rubbed at the back of his neck, but there was visible sweat beading on his forehead. Perhaps the image that just ran through Kourtney's own mind was something the witch had planned all along. With a shudder he gave her a smile, "Anyway, what can I do you for?" Kourtney's cheeks burned red. He wanted to do her didn't he? The man gave out a chuckle again still rubbing at the back of his neck awkwardly.

"I need some sturdy clothes because I am leaving town on foot. Can't have this dress slowing me down." Kourtney said with a new determination. She didn't know where it came from. All of a sudden she was feeling a lot more confident than before, and seeing the Smith behaving the way he was was enough to get her the advantage of getting what she wanted.

"Somethin' like britches? Girls shouldn't be going around in clothing like that." The smith laughed again though this time much more forced than before.

"I would like something a little more sturdy like leathers, you see I plan on... hunting for a bit. I have an uncle up north that would like me to join him for the next few weeks." Her cheeks burned red, what a blatant lie. Everyone in town knew that she was alone in every aspect, if she did have an Uncle up north why did he not take her in and care for her instead of being an orphan in a city like this? Honestly she was just being a fool and trying to get the Smith off her case. He eyed her suspiciously but shrugged.

"I can find a few things that might be your size, do you mind steppin' over to the chart on the wall so I can get a measurement of you height and such?" His rugged accent and broad shoulders made her feel weak. She could still see the way that Missie looked when she was tickling and touching his stiffened length outside in the alley behind this very building. Kourt's cheeks burned hotter still as the images flashed through her mind. The idea of her and Missie joined in together with his thick meat between her lips made her knees almost buckle.

The blacksmith moved over his large hands carrying a measuring thread that had lines drawn on it to help him measure her sizes. He held the string up to her body at the edge of her shoulder and Kourtney could smell his strong musky scent. He was truly powerful, large, and she could see herself being overpowered by him if he wanted to. At this current moment she didn't think she would resist. She could still taste the sweet and salty mixture of Lem on her lips and tongue and suddenly the room began to spin as the blacksmiths fingers delicately touched her middle, pulling the string here and there around at her soft gentle skin. The wet patch on the front of her dress began to send her mind reeling. The room spun faster and a cold sweat began to break out on her forehead. Her cheeks flushed and she practically toppled forward. The smith caught her with his large strong hands and guided her to a stool in the back corner behind the counter. There was a large assortment of hammers and prongs, and a few leather gloves that made Kourt's hands seem dainty and small in an extreme way.

The smith stood there admiring her tiny form on the chair before he turned back towards the door that lead out of the shoppe and into what she assumed was the work area. He returned with a wooden cup filled to the brim with clear water. He held it up for her, and her eyes settled on this fingers. They were so large, so strong. She quivered as she drew the cup from his strong embrace, and then something overtook her. She held the cup in her left hand and her right hand gently slid up along the backside of the Smith's thumb. He opened his mouth and drew in a stiff breath. She stroked her hand back down along the thick digit and instinctively she opened her mouth. She slipped his massive thumb between her lips and sucked at it tasting the man's salty sweat on her tongue. He gave out another long sigh as she withdrew her lips. Her mind began to buzz gently rolling over the idea of sucking more than just a thumb. Missie passed through her mind once again. She could see the thick cock that this Smith had hiding under those thick trousers. She sucked harder at his thumb, and to Kourtney's surprise the familiar salty flavor of liquid that had been splashed on her stomach greeted her mouth. She hungrily began to slurp audibly on the Smith's large digit. He groaned and grabbed a hand for the counter next to him as Kourtney's left hand discarded the water cup and began to dig furiously through her ruffled dress to find the patch of skin that was toying with her mind so energetically.

To her surprise her fingers were greeted by a stiff nub, no bigger than the tip of her thumb, but each time she brushed the flesh pleasure built up all the way into her throat. She stiffened her legs and began to worked her palm angrily against the new protruding shape on her small pelvis. The Smith's thumb thickened between her lips and to Kourtney's surprise she was greeted by a torrent of wet hot cream injecting between her lips down her throat. It tasted even more incredible than what had been poured onto her smooth tummy. She eagerly drank down every ounce and finally released the thumb from between her lips. Her hand still worked hard at the nub sending rockets of pleasure through her legs and back.

The smith looked down at his hand that was still being held by Kourtney he gave out a gasp. She didn't care what it was he was looking at, she wanted more of that sweet nectar. She grabbed his forefinger and popped the thickened tip between her lips and began to suck. The same slow steady sensation of it stiffening and then injecting cream into her mouth sent yet another shiver up her spine and the pleasure on the protrusion on her body grew even more immense. She did this to each of his fingers, her own orgasm soon crashing over her. To Kourt's surprise her body stiffened even further and the pleasure center welling at her hips erupted. Hot torrents of cream poured onto her palm and down her onto her exposed legs.

Shen the pleasure had finally subsided, she released her grip on the Smith's hand, each of his fingers dangling awkwardly as though broken in the middle. He grabbed at his palm and raised his fingers toward his face. It was in that moment that Kourtney saw the wet stain on the front of his trousers. He must have came all over himself just as she had on her palm. Why did sucking on his fingers feel so good for the pair of them? As the thought passed through her mind she saw why his fingers appeared to be broken. Hanging where fingers should have been were five long but flaccid cocks. Each one looked spent and abused. Kourtney had given the Smith not one, but five subsequent blowjobs, and each one felt even better than the last. Apparently it had for the smith because he was covered in sweat from head to toe. He looked at his other hand and gave out a gasp. Leaking precum onto the counter were another five long stiff powerful erections, ready for more sexual attention.

Kourtney quickly jumped to her feet. She couldn't get trapped sucking cock in the Smith's hut. The smell was incredible and the idea of being here with him for hours pleasuring each of his long powerful erections was enough to make her weak at the knees again. She readjusted her dress just in time to see the Smith pop his own forefinger between his lips reluctantly and give out a stifled moan as he began to orally pleasure his own digit. Kourtney slipped back through the shop slowly facing the Smith the whole time. Each step she took made her cringe as the floorboards below creaked under her gentle weight. She didn't want him to think that she was ditching him on purpose, but the curse of the witch was grasping at anything that Kourtney found safe or could protect herself with. She was a target and anyone around her was going to be affected until she went north like the Witch had commanded her.

As she passed through the door warm sunlight spilled onto her back and she shuddered licking her lips realizing there was still residual seed from her intense blow jobs she had just given. A hand grabbed her shoulder and forcefully wheeled her around. She was face to face with Missie. There was something odd about the woman though, something that she couldn't quite place a finger on. She grabbed Kourtney's hand and tugged her around the side of the building to the ally where she had seen the Smith and Missie sharing in a moment that now seemed so much more innocent than the one that Kourtney just shared with the man.

Just as they moved around the corner behind a stack of empty crates and barrels Missie immediately pushed Kourtney to her knees. She looked up confused as Missie raised her dress revealing to Kourt one of the most beautiful erections she had ever seen in her entire life. There was something different about the shape of the other woman's phallus. It was smooth and sleek, the lack of body hair and smooth flesh made Kourtney's heart jump into her throat. A throbbing in her head made her vision blur. She didn't even realized that the head of the cock was now rubbing against her lips excitedly leaking precum onto her stained chin. Missie twisted her hips gently and popped the thick member into Kourtney's willing mouth.

Instead of a gentle and smooth experience, Missie thrust forward and Kourtney worked hard to suppress her gag reflex. Missie's fingers were dug into the back of Kourt's head and she pulled back and thrust forward again. White spots blurred on the edges of Kourtney's eyes. A new focus came to her. She needed to make sure Missie fucked her face so good and she was a good bitch who deserved to drink her cum. She placed her hands at the base of Missie's ass to steady herself and felt as the woman's rear dimpled with her heavy thrusts.

In a flurry Missie began to pump her thick staff between Kourtney's lips brushing against her smooth tongue and stuffing the mushroomed cock head deep against the back of her throat. Kourt's nose bumped against the woman's pelvis and she felt delighted at how much of the girth she was able to take without even needing to think about her gag reflex anymore. She was a good bitch, a good cum slut. In the back of the alley behind the Smith's hut it was now Kourtney who was doing as a slut should. Doing exactly what she had always wanted to do. Missie grunted as she thrust forward enthusiastically. The cock between Kourtney's lips stiffened hard and a sudden sensation of warmth cascading down her throat announced that Missie had finally finished abusing Kourtney's face, but there was a sudden empty feeling that overcame her as Missie withdrew and splashed a single throb of cum onto Kourt's cheek.

She released her hold on the back of MIssie's thighs and scooped up the remaining seed from her cheek and licked her finger clean. Missie panted and shivered as she fell back against he wall and slid down to Kourtney's level. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily, her hair plastered to her forehead from the encounter. Kourntey sighed and leaned against the wall next to the other woman. The pair of them panted and she closed her eyes as well. After what felt like five minutes Missie stood up and placed a hand on Kourtney's head. She opened her eyes to see the woman offering her a hand to stand. Kourt gladly accepted it. And the two women stood face to face. Something had changed in their relationship. Something was different about them. Missie opened her mouth, closed it, and then turned on her heel to leave Kourtney alone in the ally. Abused and used and just left to think about the events that occurred. Nothing had changed, accept that Kourtney was now the slut that was being used by the town and Missie was no longer the psychotic sexual addicted monster. It was now Kourtney. She shifted her dress and felt the wetness that was now sticky and damp move on her thigh. She had to get north to fix all of this, she needed to clear the curse that was beginning to affect not only her but all of those she encountered and interacted with.

Kourtney stepped from the shadowed ally and into the warm afternoon sun. She raised a hand to shield her eyes from its brightness and gave out a heavy sigh. She had a three day journey ahead of her and she didn't want to be caught wandering the path at night. Not if the curse was as strong as it was, but she had no time to waste and there was no better time to start than now. She gritted her teeth and turned on her heel, heading toward the town gates that lead to the destination where the Witch had taken residence. Kourtney was going to defeat the woman that was toying with her. She would clear her name and be free of this curse, and come back home and live a normal life. She deserved it as much as anyone else did.