 Before you begin reading, know this: This story contains lesbians, pirates, violence, a little bit of gore (but we are not here for guro), and story. It does not contain anyone who is under 18 years of age. 

* * * 

Fog poured past the woman's legs. Her mind was numb, not fully realizing the gray, dream-like world around her. She could feel sand against her broad, flipper-like feet. 

The woman was beautiful, inhumanly so. She was as tall as most men, and her skin was dark bronze and as smooth as silk. Her narrow waist and flat belly led to a strong hourglass figure. Her breasts were firm, large, and enviably full, and her buttocks likewise ideal. Her dark, tight pants were like a second skin, hugging her body so perfectly that they may not have even been there. A light button-down shirt, tucked in her pants, was open past her glorious bust, though it seemed that the shirt was forever caught on the woman's nipples. 

Her face was lovely, diamond-like and defined. Perfect lips, Nubian nose, all very human. Her eyes, though almond, were a solid-sea green, the iris a haunting patch of lighter green and the pupil nonexistent, like the eyes of a creature of the deep. Her hair was like seaweed, green and wavering, sticking together in ribbons, and her fin-ears stuck out past them. As if it were not enough, gills fluttered on the woman's neck, opening and closing faintly with each breath to intake water. A complimentary set of gills fluttered on her ribs under her arms and breasts. 

Her name was Shella. 

Mute and oddly calm, she walked forward, just about blind from the mist. What was she doing here again? What was here? 

A hand out of the mist took hers, smooth, caring, familiar. It tugged her along, beckoning her to follow. Her feet followed in some direction, the mist-covered sand puffing aside from her footsteps. She could almost see somebody in the mist. It was somebody just a few inches shorter than her. 

They walked up an incline of sorts, and the mist slowly poured away from them. Shella stopped as soon as she saw the long, pale hair that hung down like it was wet. It was so familiar to her, and she had abandoned it. 

Once the other person realized that Shella had stopped, they turned their head. Pale skin with pale, frosty eyes, with delicate lips and a thin, but gentle face of a woman. Her gaze lingered on Shella, but turned back and tried to drag her along.  

Shella was speechless. Before her was a ghost. She could remember the clutches of Death that had gripped her in a world of pleasure and comfort, and how hollow it had been. She could remember the ten black pearls she assembled to pay for her way out. She could remember the woman who had helped her, and whom she had left behind. 

Slowly, her steps weighed by awe and apology, Shella followed the woman. The mist parted around a thin, small-breasted body wearing a pale, torn dress. The tops of knee-high fine leather boots popped out of the ground-hugging fog. It was her. It was Lily. 

The sand turned to grass beneath their feet, and they came upon a small hill topped with a flat, weathered rock. Lily went to the rock and sat down upon it. 

Shella slowly stumbled to Lily and collapsed to her knees. Her hand stretched out, afraid to touch, and afraid not to. Lily was sitting right before her, smiling gently. Tears began to roll down Shella's cheek as she tried to choke out words. "Li-Lily, I'm s-sorry, I'm sorry." 

Lily's look was accepting and calm. It always had been, because Lily had been waiting. After so many other, others that Shella couldn't even recall, she finally turned to Lily, used her, and moved on. And all she could do was apologize to Lily. 

Tears ruined Shella's vision as she apologized, blurring the face of the odd angel who cared. A hand was placed on her cheek. Lily slid down to kneel with her, and slowly, she brought their lips together. Gentle, tender, and slightly colder than anything living, it silenced Shella's apology. The guilty plea still tumbled in her heart, but Lily was giving her apology. 

Shella was stunned. She couldn't kiss back, and the tears still ran down from her eyes. She remembered how she had built up Lily's trust, only to dash it in a gamble to satisfy herself. Shella didn't deserve Lily. Breaking away weakly from Lily's tender touch, Shella begged, "Why?" 

Lily didn't answer. She never did; she was mute. She communicated with what she could. Right now, she rested back smiling with her hand on Shella's shoulder. She rose, and gently tried to pull Shella up with her. Shella obliged. 

Standing together in the mist, Shella felt like this never could come real, that this was just feverant wishing. She was a traitor. She could be as nice as she wanted to be, but she just didn't deserve this. 

Ignoring Shella's guilt, Lily pulled her in for another kiss. Lips touched sweet lips, tears falling from bronzed skin to pale skin. Shella felt Lily hug her, hands circling her body and pressing on her back to keep her there. Desperately accepting whatever this was, Shella circled her arms around her vanished love. Every curve of the body was like how it was in the past. Nothing had changed. 

Lily's hand slid down Shella's back and squeezed her buttocks playfully. Shella's eyes fluttered open in shock. She broke the kiss off again and looked into Lily's eyes. Lily's eyelashes fluttered wantonly, her gaze affectionate yet needful. Shella became acutely aware of hard nubs pressing against her from Lily's bosom. 

"Are ye sure? Ye knew wha' happened las' time," Shella murmured, still amazed. How could a woman she spurned return to her like this? 

Lily nodded and spun them around. She gently pushed Shella to sit on the rock, and leaned in to kiss again. The loose neckline of her dress fell open, letting Shella see her body. Small, pale, perky breasts, just like so long ago. A flat belly, and she could see the barest touch of thatch before Lily's kiss blocked her sight. 

Soft lips distracted Shella from hands that plucked at her shirt and unbuttoned it. She was faintly aware of it being slid off her shoulders. She was more aware of Lily pushing her back, making her lie on the rock. It wasn't the most comfortable, but her mind was buzzing and too confused to care. 

A hand ran up Shella's smooth skin. Her body tingled to its touch, surprised but eager for her lover. It caressed the gills on her ribs briefly before pushing up against her breast's flesh. Soft skin buzzed with pleasure as fingers and thumb pressed against it, caressing her. 

Fingers ran across sensitive skin. A thumb ran across the hardening bump of Shella's nipple. Heat radiated into her body, and she began to feel her loins grow warm. Oh god, she had missed this! 

Their kiss grew more passionate, Shella keeping Lily locked into it with one hand. Her tongue slipped out between her lips in a quest of passion, and Lily matched it, her own tongue writhing dexterously. 

Lily's passion had obviously grown since Shella left her. Leaving Shella's lips, Lilly began to move slowly, rising up and then down. Her hungry mouth passed down to Shella's throat, kissing tenderly. Lily's tongue slid out and tickled Shella's gills, parting them sensually and letting them fall back. Every touch sent shivers like electricity into Shella's body 

Shella's loins were blazing and soaked with need. Her nipples hard and erect. Her gills throbbed exogenously. Pleasure seeped into her body and mind through Lily's caring touches and her tongue. She wanted more. She needed more! 

Lily continued downwards, her lips gently smacking on Shella's skin. Her hands slid on Shella's body, highlighting her thin waist, her hips, then back up to tickle her gills and then her breasts. Lily pushed on them and pulled them away from the valley they formed, her enticing touch copied by delirious flames inside Shella's fluttering chest. 

Her attention continued downwards, stopping at Shella's chest. First kissing the skin between Shella's ample bosom, then pushing them together and licking her brown skin, Lily made her passionate mark. She enclosed her lips on one peg-like nipple, gracing it with passion. 

A breathy moan escaped Shella's lips as she felt the warm bliss fire into her. She felt Lily's pearly teeth scrape against her skin, her areolas deliciously sensitive. Lily sucked her teat, pulling it upwards in a delightful edge of pain, before letting it go with a pop. 

Lily continued onto Shella's other breast, dragging her tongue across tender skin and kissing its round, glorious flesh. Gentle pops echoed out as lips parted from kissing her body, in tune with the light moans Shella found herself making. Shella's chest thrummed with pleasure, seeping into her bones. 

However, need of a different sort nagged at her. She was being worshipped... but she shouldn't be. Shella pushed Lily away from her pleasant breasts, murmuring, "No, no, not like this, 's not fair fer ye." 

Lily tilted her head quizzically. Shella's eyes were half-lidded, muddled by pleasure, but she saw what she wanted. Her hand flew up to Lily's dress and tugged at it. It slid off one shoulder half-heartedly, baring Lily's pink, erect nipple. Smiling and blushing slightly, Lily tugged her dress off of her torso, letting it fall around her hips. 

As Lily bent down again to please Shella, Shella whispered, "We're partners. We ain't one o'er th' other, me lassie, we're t'gether." 

Lily smiled and kissed Shella again, short, sweet, and frequent. Shella's hands roved all over the unblemished skin of her fair lover, sliding down to grope Lily's ass occasionally. It was passion, true passion born out of love and loss. Shella never wanted Lily to disappear ever again. 

Thighs pressed Shella's legs apart, and drunk with passion, she spread them. Lily was gyrating slightly on top of her. Lily must've been as needy as she was. Shella gasped as she felt a thigh press against her clothed sex. Her liquid need was going through the fabric, and the lips of her sex were crushed delightfully. 

Lily's thigh began to circle on Shella's sex, pushing against it, dragging up slightly, and then leaving only to return. Every cycle bid a shock of pleasure to rise up in Shella, clouding her mind further and leaving her thirsty for more. 

Beyond that, Shella's breasts were being worked by Lily's expert hands. Flesh pushed together and squeezed by a master, bursts of pleasure dripping into her. Nipples so sensitive a puff of air was a tender grace sang sensuously with the pinch of fingers. Shella was left gasping and murmuring her love for Lily. 

It felt more than wonderous to have Lily touch her again; it was miraculous. The pleasure-bound song of Lily's attentions was only matched by the hopeful throbbing of Shella's heart. It wasn't like anything she ever had. The guilt she had washed away with gratitude and a newfound love for the woman she had left behind. 

Shella's hands roved over Lily, tracing her back. Her mind was a haze of pleasure and wonder. Her fingers slipped through Lily's dress and traced the curves of Lily's small bottom, then rubbed down Lily's thighs. Lily didn't give her much room to move about, but she did with what she had and slipped her fingers between Lily's legs. Lily's kiss broke as she sighed contently as fingers traced the tender skin of her inner thigh. A casual brush along Lily's tight sex got wetness on Shella's fingers. 

"I want ye, I want ye so badly," Shella murmured. Her other hand slide between their bodies and snaked up to Lily's chest. Her own chest felt wonderful and was still being played with, thrumming and pulsing with heat. Lily's meager bosom was still soft and pliant to Shella's touch, and her pink nipples stood out so proudly and enticingly! Shella couldn't help but grope them, to do to Lily what Lily had done to her. 

Lily's face bore her pleasure. She was loving having her breast touched, and it only made her more attractive. If Shella could never be separated from Lily again, she'd take it in a heartbeat. 

Shella's fingers twitched between Lily's legs. They ran along either side of Lily's sex, pressing against her need-moistened flower. Lily couldn't concentrate on Shella, and planted her hands on either side of Shella, chewing her lip. Lily gave a short gasp as Shella's fingers trailed along her open lips. 

Lily took a hand and ran it down Shella's body, following the smooth contours of her flat belly. Fingers pushed at the hem of Shella's pants, and then slipped beneath it. Lily's hand slipped between fabric and flesh, aiming for Shella's sex. Oh god, Shella was so wet down there! Her body sung with need! 

The first touch was a gunshot of pleasure. It was relief and hungering wrapped up together. As much as it gratified Shella, she wanted more. Fingers grazed the hairless skin of her sex, played just around her wet crimson flower petals. She could just barely taste their full embrace. 

Lily's other hand found itself cradling Shella's head, controlling her for another aching kiss. Their lips touched just as Lily's fingers slipped against Shella's wet folds. Another burst of pleasure shocked her. Their breasts pressed together as Lily came in closer, even more needy for touch. Shella's groan was lost inside their moment of lust. 

She couldn't just let Lily take command like this! Shella's fingers twitched against Lily's sex again, flexing and pushing the pale pink flesh there in. Lily stiffened, relaxed and seemed to lose a bit more to their passion. 

Yes, there would work. Shella's fingers twitched again, and then began to stroke the outer lips gently. Her fingers pushed up, pulled down, and dug in to a sex she couldn't see. Their kiss transcribed Lily's shivers and twitches of pleasure, the way she accepted the way her body took this act of love. 

Lily would not take her own pleasure alone, and Shella too shivered as she felt Lily's fingers caressing her flower. Fingers, tracing up and down her soft, moist lips. Each touch brought with it a trickle of pleasure, building up into a steady stream of haze-inducing lust. 

Their kiss was getting sloppy, breaking frequently in breathy sighs and slight moans. Shella brought her spare hand around to embrace Lily, as if to keep her there forever. Lily's hair had fallen around them and gotten tangled in Shella's own wavy hair, shadowing their faces. It was perfection, a nirvana for just them. 

Shella crooked her fingers against Lily's sex. Her middle and ring finger remained together as they stroked. Moist lips parted around them as they petted, digging into Lily's pink petals. Lily's breath became even shakier and lighter, her mind clearly obsessed and consumed by Shella's actions. 

If anything, though, Lily took inspiration from it. Shella found her mind receiving bolt after bolt of pleasure as two of Lily's fingers stroked in between her sex's needy lips. Her occupied mouth let out groans of passion in between their kisses. 

As if their minds were one, they pressed their fingers in harder, their delight rising. Their fingers slid in unison as they pressed against each other's tunnels inwards. Their bodies shivered and pulsed with sensation as their fingers slipped into each other's sex. First knuckles, then second knuckles, then stopping to admire the loving heat filling their bodies. 

Shella was hooked on Lily, and Lily on Shella. Their acts diverged, Shella first pushing her fingers into, out of, and against Lily, but Lily returned her favor. Shella's velvety walls tingled with Lily's touch, her juices coating her lover's fingers, and her fingers covered in turn. 

It felt so good, not only Lily's touches, but to touch Lily! Even as Shella felt her sex parted by Lily's fingers, she felt how she parted Lily's sex! Their bodies were wracked with ecstasy borne of each other, and Shella could feel it oh so strongly, particularly in her hard nipples, pressing together with Lily's hard nubs, and in her clit. That little bean of flesh was aching sorely for the touch of a woman well-loved! 

As Shella dug her fingers deeper into Lily's sex, she brought the palm of her hand in close. It pressed down on skin and wetness ran along its creases. Lily trembled in her grasp, beholden to the sense of touch. Shella's fingers stroked in and out, flicking against Lily's walls and separating her velvety flesh, all the while moving her hand just slightly. She could feel the hard nub of Lily's clit, covered in straining pink skin. 

But even as Shella made her move, Lily made hers. Almost identically, Shella felt fingers push her sex, prodding even deeper and pushing her walls apart. The fingers' palm pressed against her sex, splaying her lips delightfully and, most importantly, pressing in on her own hard, needful clit. Beatific joy exploded in her, forcing an aching groan out of her. Oh god, yes! This was what she needed! 

Her own actions seemed to become hazy, Shella barely aware of her body even as she pushed in and out of Lily, her hand cupping, embracing, tenderly groping Lily's sex. It was Lily's touch on her that became her world. The fingers flicking inside her, the palm pressing on her hooded clit, it all bore down heavily on her with a passion not felt for so very, very long. 

Shella felt the hood of her clit be pulled up by accident with a great bolt of bliss striking her from her hard bean. Her mind was afire with this embraced lust swollen with Lily's willing embrace. What little room she had left for common thought only sang with love for Lily and a need to please her as well. She couldn't control how strongly she was applying her hand to Lily's cooch, only that Lily was loving it - and her. 

More and more, Lily stroked Shella's sex. More and more, Shella stroked Lily equally. More and more, the pleasure rose up in them, between them! In between desperate gasps, lusty moans, shivers of passion, the sweaty need of their caresses brought them higher and higher. Their acts blurred together, melting heat pulsing in their bodies and mind. 

What grew and grew in Shella grew more and more, until she couldn't bear it any longer. With a gratified cry, Shella's body broke out into sense-blanking pleasure. Her toes curled, her fingers dug in harder, as her body arched and sang in climax. Her sex throbbed around her love's fingers, and distantly, she was aware of how hard her love's sex had clamped around her. Heat washed over her, over them, cleansing them in orgasmic waves. 

Her body sang, like it was humming, as sense returned back to Shella. Her breath was heavy, but satisfied. With a sound of wet flesh against wet, she pulled her fingers out of Lily, her love returned. Lily was pulling herself out of Shella, one final tremble of pleasure pulsing its way through as fingers left Shella's flower. 

Fingers left bodies soaked in woman's juices, bodies pulling away from each other just enough to let them pass. Shella licked her hand, tasting the wetness of her love. Slightly salty, but naughtily pleasant. 

Not wanting to be left unattended, Lily brought her fingers to Shella's mouth, dripping with Shella's own juices. Shella licked Lily's fingers clean, her half-lidded eyes gazing up at the woman who seemed to glow in Sapphic bliss. 

After washing Lily's fingers clean, Shella brought her hand up to Lily's cheek and stroked it. So, so beautiful. "Please tell me this is real," she murmured unconsciously. 

Lily shook her head. 

Shella felt her stomach drop. She sat up, almost pushing Lily away from her. "No, no, I jes found you!" she cried out. 

Lily put a finger to her lips, and them pointed at the rock where Shella had been laying. A symbol had been carved on the rock, and Shella hadn't noticed it before. It was a writhing symbol, with a sideways 8 at its core and branches coming off of it with branches coming off of those branches and those too splitting off, almost until eternity. She didn't know how she felt it, but it felt like raw potential itself wafted off of the symbol. 
