 Author's Note: "Custom", a ten-part series, starts the morning AFTER "Luck", another ten-part series, with the same cast. If you haven't read "Luck", I advise starting there first as I cannot guarantee this story will make perfect sense when read alone. All characters are over the age of 18. 

If you're not a fan of slutty sorceresses, medieval fantasy violence, mild mind control, or romance, I advise you to turn back now. For everyone else I give you "Custom", Part 2 in the Talos of Evora series. 

A New Day 

---- 

Casiama awoke to the tranquil sounds of an unmolested forest, the light of the morning sun bursting joyously through the treeline. She rolled gently onto her side as her light green eyes fluttered open, soaking in the beautiful view with a smile before removing herself from her plush bear-fur sleeping bag. 

Casiama danced with a troupe of colorful butterflies to the symphony of cheerful birds as she made her way towards the small pond she had decided to sleep near. She pulled her white, sheer sleeping gown over her head before discarding them on the forest floor with a dainty flick of her wrist. She hummed a tune of a song which she had long forgotten the lyrics to as she stepped into the refreshing water and floated towards the center with little haste. She rubbed a suddenly-present viscous liquid into her cascading, straight hair as she floated. 

She was nearing her goal, she thought, her long brown hair flowing around her lithe, tanned form as she lay soaking in the chilled water of a morning forest. After two months of venturing over freezing mountains and the human-occupied lands of her forefathers, Casiama was maybe two weeks from reaching her family's mausoleum. The complex, a monument to her family's wisdom and courage, was deep within the lands of the so-called "Empire" of the humans. 

Eyes shut, she flicked her head back as the liquid fell away from her hair with the patter of light rainfall on water. She looked down on her form as liquid soap appeared in her outstretched hand, then rubbed her palms together before lathering every inch of her toned body. 

Just two more weeks. Casiama would be the hero of her ancestors, liberating the artifacts of her esteemed family from human-controlled lands. She finished lathering herself, then sunk into the water before rising after several seconds, a light gasp escaping her lips as her naked skin met the cool air. 

Satisfied with her cleanliness, the young elf removed herself from the natural pool and stretched out her hands before a soft, thick bear pelt winked into existence within them. Casiama dried her body slowly as her eyes gazed in the direction of today's journey with wonder, then willed the fur away. She walked casually back to her camp, her thin form swaying in delight as she pointed at her discarded night gown, then her white-furred sleeping bag, banishing them from the world for now. 

Casiama then closed her eyes, opened her palms, and outstretched both arms before layers of delicate white dress, intricate armor, and valued equipment appeared on her willowy form in a white flash. 

-- 

Talos awoke in the comfortable bed on the highest floor of the Four-Leaf Inn, reaching out for his sword and gripping the handle before releasing it. His instincts were still back in the badlands, Talos mused, shifting his eyes towards the soft, curvaceous form pressing against him. 

Alanna was snoring softly under his neck, her alabaster hand resting on his chest as she slept. Talos had several lusty thoughts of what he should do to that naked perfection before casting the thoughts aside for now, gently lifting her arm up so he could escape her grasp. 

He relieved himself in his room's chamber pot as quietly as possible, looking over at Alanna to ensure he didn't wake her. Gathering his brand-new armor and trusted bastard sword, he clothed and equipped himself and headed out the room to find some food. 

He found the quiet hall of the inn largely empty, the city of Rinoc still waking up to meet the morning sun. He walked over to the tired innkeep, greeting the man with his name and a grin, and ordered some fruit and produce from the kitchen. 

Talos pondered over the previous night in a morning fog as the innkeep left the room for the moment, gathering his requested breakfast from the back room. Talos had met his long-time friend, Sigismund, by pure chance in the city as he withdrawing some of his appreciating coins from Rinoc's main bank. They had talked and laughed throughout the day, sharing stories of their latest adventures and opportunities. Talos found much amusement where most wouldn't in the grizzled veteran's stories, knowing the old man to rarely embellish his tales. 

Talos had shared his own sagas with Sigismund as well, of course. He told of his adventures of lifting the curse of Harvath, meeting the sultry witch of Draynor's Leap before revealing her to be a crone, and of course the story of meeting Alanna and slaying the wyvern. Or was it slaying Alanna and meeting the wyvern? 

He employed minor embellishments to his stories, of course. Alanna had rejected his retelling of his battle with the wyvern with a giggle, kindly adding her own contribution in saving his life to Sigismund's laughter. 

He had appreciated Sigismund's extreme patience with Alanna when they spoke. Back in their old mercenary days, Sigismund had been a hound-as had they all-when around a beautiful woman, and Alanna probably topped any beauty he had ever witnessed. It had been a pleasant night of innocent fun until Sigismund excused himself, explaining his new career as a guard on a merchant transport in their never-ending war against piracy. After that, it had been a night of raucous debauchery as Talos and Alanna kept each other up in the inn's 'King' suite for several long hours. 

Talos nodded in thanks as the innkeep returned with his food, silently departing back up the stairs towards the suite. 

-- 

He found Alanna still sleeping on the plush bed with her face pressed into one of the pillows, her voluptuous ass seemingly presenting itself to him. Talos haphazardly placed his supplies on the table before shedding his clothing once more, gently dropping his sword belt to the ground to ensure Alanna remained asleep. 

He crawled along the bed, his cock at full mast as his hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her curvy backside away from the bed and towards him. Alanna moaned sweetly, her head turning to the side, as his fingers slowly stroked her pussy and pressed her button. She was wet in a moment and still half-asleep as he entered her warm cunt, Alanna making a lustful moan in her dream state. 

He slipped himself further inside her while he pulled her butt towards him, pushing deeper and deeper until slamming into her cervix. Alanna produced a cute yelp as she awoke. 

"Ohh, good morning," she purred, pushing her jiggling ass against him as he started fucking her from behind. She was still delirious and let her lover do most of the work, moaning softly as his cock stretched her walls and filled her. She yelped in surprise as Talos smacked her ass, the flesh jiggling profanely when he did. 

Her hands tried to lift her swaying jugs from the bed as Talos had his way with her, Alanna's dreams being completely forgotten except for... 

"Uhn!" she moaned as he fucked her harder, "That's it!" 

Alanna was, unbeknownst to Talos, thinking about a conversation from last night that struck her. She had dreamt of the massive elven tomb that Sigismund had described the night before, and discovered the solution to the old adventurer's problem subconsciously in her sleep. 

Talos, not realizing any of this, found her words encouraging and pumped into her sopping wet pussy at a steady and punishing rate. 

"Talos I, I... Uh!" she groaned loudly as a hasty orgasm swept over her, chest heaving as she panted for air. 

"I figured it out! she exclaimed as Talos pushed into her to the hilt, his cock filling her with another burning load. 

-- 

The pair ate breakfast around the small table in their room, Talos making half an attempt at getting redressed while Alanna hadn't even bothered. She didn't want her new warddrobe to get ruined if he decided on having another run with her body. 

"So you're saying you dreamt that the 'lock' Sigi found may actually have been the key that could hypothetically open the tomb's inner sanctum?" Talos asked incredulously. 

Alanna nodded in the affirmative to his retelling of her vision, and continued, "I don't think he even tried separating it from the wall, at least not in his story. It must have looked nothing like a key!" she explained with a bright smile, still coming down off of her morning high. 

"If her dreams are accurate, a priceless hoard of treasure could still be in that tomb," Talos thought to himself, the buxom girl overhearing the notion and nodding once more. Talos wasn't above grave robbing from elves, although he found it a bit distasteful. He really didn't want to miss a chance to take the old idiom 'follow your dreams' literally, however. 

"Wanna check it out?" Talos replied curtly with a smirk.