 Casiama's Own 

-- 

Casiama stood in front of the two mesmerized humans with her arms outstretched, smiling. 

She had summoned her battle garb from her off-world storage, a plane of existence unreachable by any other being. 

Casiama was wearing a flowing, long white skirt which draped down the sides of her legs to the forest floor. It opened at her front, showing off her shining white steel greaves which rose to her thighs, and her white skirt which lay barely two inches past her crotch, a couple inches of naked skin on display between them. 

An intricate golden belt held the skirt in place, a bright blue sapphire on the buckle. A bodice stretched around her back to her breasts, her chest being covered by a thinner white cloth where the bodice did not meet, which still revealed the top of her bust. 

Her arms held several pieces of armor, all showing naked skin between; paudrons, armlets, and gauntlets all shining in the same white steel as the greaves. Her hooded cloak was the same thick white fabric as her flowing skirt and bodice, all three pieces trimmed with gold stiching. Lastly, a golden necklace with another sapphire lay on her chest, a white choker wrapped tightly around her neck and a intricate shining white circlet sat on her forehead. 

Alanna jumped up after ten seconds of pure amazement as her eyes danced over the elf, running over to her and touching her cloak and skirts. 

"It's real!" she squealed, running her hands over the gauntlets. "Conjuration magic!" Alanna's eyes didn't leave the elf's form. "Talos, Talos can we keep her?" 

Talos, too, was just as amazed as Alanna but attempted to hide the fact, sitting back with a grin. 

"Cass... Princess Casiama the Fourth, right? Of Tor Valliya?" he questioned, attempting to hide his amusement. The elf nodded with a raised eyebrow, perplexed that the man knew. 

"Hah!" he exclaimed, finally failing to hide his astonishment. Alanna stepped back. 

"Princess? Like, royalty princess?" the sorceress asked unblinkingly, her eyes somehow growing wider. The elf smiled sweetly at Alanna before turning back to Talos, still looking confused. 

"You were a young maiden of only eighteen when I visited the city. A long story, but a good one I swear to tell later. Anyway, a parade was being held in your honor for some reason or another." Talos explained to the elf, answering her perplexed look. 

"Which makes her only twenty-seven or twenty-eight now. Young, very young for an elf," he mused to himself. Alanna probably picked it up, too, Talos feeling her presence. 

The princess nodded. "My coming of age ceremony," Casiama reminisced, "My favorite memory. I figured the city would have grown tired of them by then, me being twenty-first in line to the throne." The elf held her white-and-gold cloak tightly, stroking it as she remembered. "I took up magic - conjuration - the following day, just to get the suitors away from me." Casiama giggled softly and swayed side-to-side, a maiden once more. 

Alanna was now shifting her gaze between her two companions, more lost than ever. 

Talos began explaining the situation to a very confused looking Alanna. "Elven kings take multiple wives, so they naturally have many children. The coming of age ceremony basically shouts to all the city, nay, all Elvendom of her being of age to marry. Naturally, a princess receives many suitors." He looked sadly at Casiama for a second before continuing, "and elven sorceresses lose the ability to have children... just like most human sorceresses do. That would have made her off-limits to her own race, I suppose." Alanna understood. Many of her colleagues at the College of Catriona had sought to reverse the condition, once, a condition which had been known since the dawn of magic. The primary downside of magical aptitude. 

Talos noticed the elf taking a small step towards him, her hand continuing to rub her cloak slowly, and shifted his gaze towards her. 

Casiama continued his explanation, pretending to continue for Alanna but was transfixed only to Talos. "The main difference between our kinds is that humans still have relationships even without the chance of offspring," she whispered as she took one step closer. "Elves will not. We marry for life, and results are expected of the union." 

"Hundreds of years of life," Talos added with a smirk. 

He wouldn't be able to stand it. He wondered if Casiama had thought about it, still being young and beautiful. He knew that elven minds simply worked at their own slow pace, a patience that he'd never have. He looked her angelic form up and down again before resting his sight on her eyes once more. 

"Hundreds of years... alone with my magic," the elven beauty purred softly, taking another small step towards the man. Her free hand had fell to her skirt, stroking it with the same sensuality as the cloak. 

"Sounds lonely, Cass," Talos replied curtly to the statement, grinning. 

Casiama took another, limited step towards him as he said those three words, looking deeply into Talos' eyes. The man's portals shone just as brightly as hers, strands of ivy wrapping around a mossy tree, all the beauty of the forests combining, twisting, merging... when Alanna cleared her throat softly. 

Casiama suddenly realized she was nearly touching the man before her and staring in a trance, stroking her cloak and skirts seductively. She looked over at Alanna and stepped back, blushing profusely. 

"It's been, um," Casiama paused, "Interesting. An interesting life," she added quickly, hoping to diffuse the situation. The trio was quiet for a brief, excruciatingly long moment before Talos spoke up, subconciously deciding to get his way before another could reject it. 

"Yeah. So, we're all going the same way. Why not tag along with us?" He asked the elven princess. She smiled, her face still hot with embarassment, as she agreed to the offer. 

- 

None of it make any gods damned sense to Alanna. 

She had seen her man eye-fucking the elf earlier today by the campfire as she crept towards him. If Alanna hadn't been there - and she seemingly hadn't been there for a couple moments - they would have lept on each other and fucked right there with none to stop them. 

And 'Cass' had tried to kill them the day before. Sure, it was a misunderstanding, and she knew the elf was a good person judging by her thoughts. But as she continued to read the two souls, Alanna realized they both shared a respectful yet undeniably lustful attraction towards each other. 

Alanna was furious. She took it out on Talos' cock that night as she rode him reverse in their tent, rising and slamming down on his massive member as her soppingly-wet pussy drooled down his shaft. Her massive ass jiggled lewdly for him as she took him to the base, his hands groping and smacking her cheeks as she fucked him hard. She had moaned like the world's biggest slut each time he filled her, knowing 'Cass' was listening. 

- 

Casiama was snug in her massive white-fur sleeping bag, wearing only her sheer nightgown and a tiny, white pair of panties. She would have been sleeping comfortably, had their not been a raucous display of lust in the tent beside her. 

The young elf sighed lightly as she rolled her body towards the tent. The sorceress had mounted the man, quickly raising and lowering her body as she yelled out in undeniable pleasure towards the night sky. Casiama's hand had drifted lower and lower over her own lithe body subconsciously, resting on her slit, the soft cloth of her panties in between. 

The princess had read stories as a child where a prince discovers a lover in some unexpected place, and lived happily ever after in some marveous castle high in the mountains. Maybe the story goes the other way around sometimes. Casiama had loved those stories, dreaming of her own prince to sweep her off her feet. But the stories all missed something. They excluded the night, the first night when the magical couple finally gets to intertwine in a loving embrace, the soft moaning from both parties as their hips moved in unison. 

Casiama hadn't ever thought that the happily-ever-after might, in fact, look like this instead. She overheard the lewd, wet noises emanating from the tent as her thin fingers began to swirl over her panties, invading her nether regions. The elf closed her eyes and imagined she was the one mounting the man in the tent. Would 'Cass' be forced to scream as loud as the sorceress was now? Her fingers sped up, finding an extra sensitive spot to play with near the top of her slit as she started to sigh softly. 

The elf's legs pushed together without her command as she rubbed against her maddeningly sensitive cunt quicker, getting frustrated with the fabric in between her fingers and womanhood. She lowered her panties to her ankles with both hands, then slipped two fingers into her pussy as the other hand continued to play with the small nub she had just discovered. She was very surprised when a lewd slurping noise emanated from her own pussy as she withdrew her fingers, suddenly feeling the urge to cram them back inside the damp slit and continue playing with her inner walls. 

She imagined herself in limitless positions with the man as she pleasured herself to an orgasm that swept over her innocent body like a tidal wave. She moaned loudly before she could bring a hand to her mouth, not expecting she would make the noise. She waited silently for a moment, but was soon content that the pair couldn't have possibly heard her over their own lustful symphony. 

Princess Casiama of Tor Valliya, Fourth of her Name, drifted off to sleep contentedly.