 Of Gods and Elves 

---- 

Alanna awoke in the morning outstretching her arms with a long yawn, the events of the previous day already pushed into the back of her mind. Talos wasn't next to her, which wasn't any particular surprise as he usually rose long before her. 

Alanna pulled her red undershirt over her arms before fastening a couple of the lower buttons. Her massive tits hung heavily on her chest, and she allowed most of the jiggiling flesh to remain visible in hopes of riling up her man for a quick session before they departed. The voluptuous girl left her tent without putting her pants on and gasped in surprise. 

A huge, carefully constructed tent had been pitched before her, created with the golds and browns of rich bear pelts. Alanna rose quickly to her feet and hopped over to the front of the unexpected structure where she found her two companions. Talos was boiling some water over a small fire while Casiama -- wearing only a sheer white dress and panties -- was perched on her side, her slender legs stretching over comfy white furs as a bright light shone in the palm of her hand. Alanna noticed a handful of black beans appear in the elf's palm before Talos knelt before her, the princess tilting her hand to pour them into his possession. Talos then walked back over to his pot to add the beans to the water, a bright smile on his face. 

"What is this?" Alanna heard herself vocalize incredulously, not exactly sure what she was referring to. Twin souls quickly swiveled their gaze towards her as if they were children caught out by their mother. The elf wore a shocked look on her face, being taken out of the moment. 

Talos replied first, only missing half a beat, "Alanna I am absolutely in love with conjuration magic," he explained with a rushed voice before gesturing towards the tent, "just look at it." 

Alanna's eyes shifted towards the tent, then the practically-naked elf, then back at him, her eyebrows lowering with the first signs of anger. She wanted to ask if that was all he was in love with as he started making his way towards her, grinning while holding his pot of bubbling water. 

"You look positively lovely today," she heard him notion mentally, Alanna forgetting all about the question. 

"Talos did mention a bigger tent last night. I thought I would give it an attempt," she heard the elf pipe up in the background. The elf gracefully swept her hands widely around her thin, naked body, the soft pelt of some animal protecting the interior of her tent from the dirt of the forest floor. "Big enough for everyone," the princess added with a giggle. 

Talos pointed at his steaming pot with raised eyebrows and a grin. 

"She even has coffee," she heard him think to her again. She wasn't sure what coffee was and quickly assumed it to be some horrid elven invention. Alanna cooled off as she read in his conscious that he had been just as surprised as her to awake to the sight of the tent. 

The sorceress decided only then to join in on the amazement of her man and entered the elf's massive abode, sitting crosslegged opposite the elegant princess under the warm dome of cozy bear furs. Talos entered soon after, nudging the half-naked Alanna suggestively with his shoulder as he sat down next to her. The trio discussed the journey ahead together, not in any particular rush, as Talos sipped happily on his piping black water. 

-- 

The party made their way north just along the water's edge just past the treeline, Casiama paving the way as she scouted a hundred-meters ahead of her two human companions. Talos was thankful for the fact that he was now traveling with someone so useful on the road. Or an uninhabited forest, in this case. The elf could accurately shoot a moving target at a hundred yards, detect threats miles away, not to mention she was capable of conjuring supplies -- and their entire camp -- at will. He had already let her 'carry' most of his replaceable things, such as his tent, water, and food. She was also a elegant sight to watch as she gracefully bounded through the underbrush ahead of them, her skirts flowing in the wind as her legs... 

Alanna sighed softly as she read the man's mind, deciding to change his train of thought. 

"So how far is Catriona from here, you figure?" she asked him as they marched through the trees. 

"Oh, right," Talos thought. He was still stuck lugging around Alanna's four ancient tomes from Mschuleft. The sorceress refused for those to go into Casiama's plane, just as she refused to carry the large books herself. 

"Far," he replied tersely. "Really far." 

"How would you get there? If I forced you to," the sorceress giggled as Talos helped her step over a large puddle. 

"Well..." he had to ponder the question for a moment. Traveling northeast to hit the Imperial road network would be the easiest method. From there he could hit the capital, with a straight shot to Catriona along a well-patrolled path. About two, two-and-a-half months. Alternatively, he could travel as the crow flies and climb over three mountain ranges. Maybe two months, if he didn't run into trouble. 

"I'd head to Ferlo and hire a boat," he answered, finally solving the riddle. "Just would need to walk west a good hundred and a half miles, then spend two or three weeks at sea." 

Alanna shook her head and frowned, remembering her last excursion on the waves. She would have picked the first option. 

Talos felt something was amiss and continued the conversation. "I reckon you plan on going back to return the books," he mused, not adding the next part out of courtesy, "and to gloat to all your friends that you were the first mage to visit Mschuleft in centuries." She laughed as she read the thought regardless. 

"I miss them," she smiled, thinking back on all her friends back at the college. They'd hardly recognize her any more. "I was, um, hoping we'd be heading that way once we were done here. Seeing the tombs and all." 

Talos nodded at the sentiment but felt the idea tiring. There wasn't much that interested Talos about visiting the western empire. The most exciting thing he could come up with was wine sampling in the south like some haughty noble, or perhaps hunting one of the few mountain trolls that still lurked in the peaks above Seagard. Almost everything in the region had been explored or done already. Alanna wanted to tell the man that Catriona was comfortable and had good food and good people, but decided to stay her tongue. 

She loved the man but was rapidly growing tired of life in the wilderness. Women like her needed regular hot baths, poetry, and fine wine. The single night they had spent in Rinoc before venturing out once more had been her favorite since she left Catriona months ago. She started to ponder that perhaps they weren't really compatible after all, then got sad. She quelled the notion as they continued their trek. 

-- 

They made camp that night under the enveloping branches of an old oak tree, the boundless ocean to their west, a bit to Talos' chagrin. He noticed that they weren't making very good time, barely covering twelve miles that day. 

Casiama had promptly summoned camp, an action which was so completely mesmerizing to the two humans while being completely routine for the elf. All she had to do was point at the ground in a couple places and will her tent, blankets, sleeping bags, backpacks, and lanterns from their off-world resting places. 

Casiama had then set off to perform a quick sweep of the area, killing an elk and whispering a quick prayer before returning back to camp with its meat, having found nothing else of interest. Talos was a little saddened that Casiama had changed out of her battle robes and back into her simple human garb, then realized the elf liked to sleep in a dainty see-through dress and was once again content. 

"Excellent, Cass, thank you," Talos nodded to her as she returned. 

"Thank the Lady, you mean," the elf replied with a wink before adding, "You're welcome, Talos." 

Alanna had grown bored and jealous reading the man, trading his thoughts for one of the tomes from Mschuleft as she lay on her borrowed furs in the massive tent. She still couldn't hardly understand a thing from them, of course. She never had had the drive to learn Kinglish in school, the language having died out centuries ago when the elves had come up with something better. She pondered what the knowledge the books had inside them as the smell of roasted elk began to permeate the air. 

"So Cass, how exactly does the elven pantheon work anyways?" Talos asked the princess as she settled by the fire next to him. They had some time to kill before dinner, and he was at least somewhat interested if only to hear her speak. 

"Well... It all begins and ends with the Phoenix Lord and his wife the Eternal Lady. The world, um, works in cycles you see," Casiama began, not sure how religious Talos was himself. "Every night in the heavens, the Phoenix Lord has... uh, makes love with the Eternal Lady, causing the sun to be reborn anew when he... well, when they finish." 

Talos grinned as she explained it. Religions always started with the sun. He avoided making a lewd comment about her gods' behavior as she continued, her ears drooping calmly as she talked. 

"They live together in the most marvelous castle in the heavens above, far above the clouds. The Eternal Lady grants all souls of this world with life so that they may experience her creation, while the Phoenix Lord grants the power of self-determination to those souls." 

"And do they mind if their creations end up killing each other? Or if you killed this elk?" he asked, pointing to the fire. 

Casiama shook her head, smiled, and answered softly. "They, um, understand if you take life for good reason. All souls return to the lady after death, their essence returning to a great ring of energy that surrounds us all, far above in the heavens. Their life-force will be used again elsewhere," the elf explained matter-of-factly then paused, "at another time." 

"And if people don't kill in good conscience?" Talos added with a grin. 

"Oh, well there are the children of the Lord and Lady as well, gods and goddesses in their own right, all vying for power on the Lady's great world. Absolon grants warriors with the strength to defeat their foes in single combat. Telacar with the proper use of tactics in wartime. There's Valla, goddess of the hunt, and Eldenyarasse, goddess of the seas!" 

Talos nodded and returned her smile, noting how enthusiastic the princess was about the Elven religion. He found it interesting that one could be so vested in beings that never helped out when you needed them most. 

Grinning, Casiama added, "My family is even descended from the Lady herself-" 

"Sounds like we're all descended from the Lady, Cass. I think?" he interjected unsurely. 

Casiama shook her head, her body starting to writhe as the man next to her questioned her facts. "Not like that. Your life was granted to you by the Lady, certainly," she explained as if he were a child, a light grip on his wrist. "I'm directly descended from her, through her daughter Kianra. The Goddess of the wind and air. Kianra is very much in love with her husband, the god of devotion, but always finds a way to flutter about and... well, produce." 

Talos nodded when she finished her statement, agreeing silently that the beautiful elf at least looked like she had divine blood. The elf swayed her head from side-to-side, reminiscing of her glorious ancestry for a moment before Talos replied with a grin. 

"So she's a slutty goddess?" 

"No! It's just in her nature," Casiama swifty objected, her face reddening. 

"Sounds like a slut," Talos shrugged. 

Casiama huffed, crossing her arms at her breast as if distancing herself from the man's heathenous statement. The elf took a minute to compose herself before attempting to continue conversation. 

"So how do your gods work, Talos? The gods of man, I mean." 

Talos picked up a skewer of elk meat, finally cooked. "Couldn't tell ya," he answered honestly. 

-- 

That night after dinner, Talos and Alanna kissed passionately within the warm furs of their shared sleeping bag. The sorceress moaned in his mouth as she humped his rigid member through her now-slick panties, having already dealt with the man's clothing. Talos flipped the voluptuous woman onto her back playfully and tickled her teasingly before kissing down her neck. He had paused for a moment when he realized their tent had another occupant. 

Talos lifted his head from the sleeping bag and looked over at their companion, lying awake, her forested eyes and button nose pointing towards the ceiling with just a hint of red on her face. 

"Hey, Cass," Talos said in a half-whisper to get her attention. The elf tilted towards him, "Do you mind if we-" 

"No!" the elf quickly interrupted, her hand already under her panties in her own sleeping bag. She had been anticipating their lovemaking for an hour now and had started to get impatient on her own. 

Talos smirked, then dove back into his sleeping bag to devour Alanna's neck and voluptuous tits while she giggled gleefully in response. His hands slid down her body sensually before slowly sliding her panties down her legs, revealing a pussy that needed no additional lubrication. 

He drove his cock aggressively into her, forcing Alanna to groan with a mixture of pain and pleasure. 

"Fuck, Talos," she vocalized, slapping him gently on the cheek, "treat me kindly, will you?" The pair typically conversed via telepathy during their rendezvous around Casiama, but she couldn't help it that time. 

Talos smirked and casually, agonizingly lazily withdrew himself from Alanna's gash. She pouted, then slapped him again when she realized he was toying with her. 

Not funny, she notioned. 

Talos thrust within her once more, his bell pushing against her cervix as she cried with pleasure. He soon began to fuck her in earnest, his ears picking up on the faint, lustful moans of another in the tent.