 Sweet Revenge 

---- 

The trio had halted their progress for the day on a warm hill, surrounded by the songs of a lively forest. Cliffs had begun to rise on the shoreline in the morning as they ventured, a sign that the party was, at last, nearing their destination. Their pace had picked up in the recent days, mostly out of restlessness, and the trio had successfully covered twenty-two miles through the peaceful forest today before Casiama made camp. 

The elf had summoned bacon for an early dinner from her ethereal storage much to Talos' amusement, unknowingly answering his long-forgotten question of the existence of a 'Preservation' spell. The sun still had several hours of life left in it as they finished their meal. 

Casiama invited Alanna to accompany her to bathe in a nearby lake, Talos being denied by both women when he offered to join in as well. 

The women unrobed together before the clear pool, having lost all sense of propriety now that they shared a tent together. Casiama looked over the sorceresses' assets with a blush as the woman entered the water, wondering how Alanna's voluptuous body was capable of long-distance travel at all. Casiama summoned liquid soap in her palm as Alanna splashed the elf in awe. 

"No way!" the sorceress exclaimed. Casiama giggled and rubbed the soap through her own hair before summoning another handful for her companion and doing the same for her, Alanna turning her back to the elf so she had better access. 

"It's been too long," Alanna purred as she once again started to feel the onset of cleanliness. Casiama, feeling a chance to score points with Talos' lover, summoned several more handfuls of rich soap for Alanna's curvy body. The elf was running her nimble hands over the sorceresses assets, absentmindedly day-dreaming of the man back at camp when Alanna spoke up. 

"I know you want him," she said tersely, back still turned towards the princess. She couldn't see the elf blushing, but knew she was as she continued, "I also know that the feeling is mutual." 

Alanna felt her abilities a blessing and curse when journeying with her companions, but she had recently come to an painful conclusion. Alanna knew that it was only a matter of time before Talos broke her heart and fucked the elven beauty behind her back. She had feared it for almost a week now, wondering every morning if the deed had occurred in her sleep as she woke. 

Casiama replied after she had composed herself, having been taken aback by the unexpected statement. "He loves you, Alanna. I would never get in the way of-" 

"You will. You forget who you're talking to, Cass. If there's one thing I know," Alanna explained, "it's how someone really feels." Alanna paused, sighing softly as her voice lost its strength. "Don't worry. I've already come to terms with it." 

Casiama had nothing else to say as she soaked her hair and exited the pool, consciously avoiding the awkward conversation. She summoned a fur pelt in her hands and dried quickly, summoning another for her voyeuristic companion. "I'll see you back at camp," Casiama squeaked as she left. 

-- 

Alanna floated in the pool, alone, for quite a long time after Casiama had left. She wondered if she had been too hard on the elf, then pushed the feeling aside. Casiama's thoughts weren't her fault. 

"She's probably already complained to Talos about my actions. Getting his sympathy," Alanna figured, trying not to care as she swam in the waning daylight. Alanna didn't hear the bushes rustling just beyond the waters edge, and was surprised when she heard a voice. 

"An' what do we 'ave 'ere?" she heard her voyeur shout as he looked over her voluptuous nakedness. Alanna turned around towards the noise and opened her eyes, seeing two disgusting men dressed in cobbled-together leathers and furs, eye-fucking her from the edge of the pool. 

"Why don' you come wit' us young lady," the fatter of the two men offered with the intellect of an unwashed peasant, "We'll show ya a good time I'm sure." 

Alanna doubted his statement unquestioningly, of course, but had to think fast to get out of this. The two both had steel, but had not yet drawn their weapons due to her non-threatening appearance. 

"Well I can't turn down that, now can I?" Alanna replied sultrily as she smiled sweetly at her attackers and fluttered her eyes. Alanna had already entered their minds, finding that their base needs were all that was on their minds. She charmed them gently, testing her limits, as she rose from the pool and strutted over to the pair. Their eyes swam lustfully over her naked form as she strut towards them, tits swaying lewdly with every step she took. Alanna sucked gently on two of her fingers then bit her lip as she slid her lubricated fingers down to her slit. She found her rubbing herself softly, a gentle moan escaping her lips as she reached their position. 

She had, unbeknownst to her attackers, already disabled their desire to take her back to their camp, as well as banishing their desire to force themselves onto her as her jiggling form drew near. This would merely be a hands-on demonstration until she could successfully enchant them covertly and lead them towards her own camp. 

"Well, it won't hurt anyone to go a bit further than that," Alanna thought lustfully. 

No sooner as she reached the pair did she pounce towards the less-disgusting of the two peasants, putting her hands on his shoulders as he squeezed and groped her massive breasts. Alanna stuck her ass out towards the fatter idiot behind her, ensuring he didn't feel left out in the exchange, and moaned like a whore when she felt his rough hands on her cheeks. 

"Mmm..." she continued, playing with their minds like putty in her hands. The man behind her began to lower one hand to her moist pussy as she moaned, not stopping his advances. She found her legs spreading apart to give the rotund outlaw more room to work with, but was disappointed that the man knew nothing of pleasing a woman as he haphazardly rubbed his fingers all over her crotch. 

"Ohhh, yeahhh," she purred as she played along, her back bending forward as her hands drifted to the belt of the man in front of her. She looked into his lustful eyes as she undid his belt and unbuttoned his breeches, exposing his rigid member. 

"Such a tiny, worthless pecker," she thought, her standards far higher than the average woman's. She wrapped her fingers around it anyway and pumped slowly, turning her body to look at the other man. She found him already fumbling with his own obstructions before somehow revealing a more useless tool than the first, the base hidden under his stomach. 

Alanna looked into the rotund man's eyes as she gripped his cock as well, pumping the two pricks at the same, sensual rate. She soon tired of their groping hands and slowly pushed herself onto her knees, moaning like a wanton slut as she worked their dicks skillfully. She teased and jerked them off for another unnecessary minute or two before striking. 

"How 'bout us three find a more... comfortable location," she purred, finally pushing her enchantment on the men. "Know of any?" she added sluttily. 

They hurriedly explained the location of their own camp, and how they found the sorceress in the first place. The outlaws had spotted her campfire from two miles away, before being sent out by their boss to scout it out. They shared what they knew of the outlaw's defenses, who would be on watch tonight, and when most of them would be sleeping. 

Idiots. Cass clearly hadn't performed her near-ritualistic sweep of the area today, but it was no matter now. 

"That sounds too far away. I want it now," Alanna moaned loudly. "Let's head on over to my tent instead..." 

She daintily rose between them, her eyes flicking between the two bandits. Satisfied they were still hers, she led them closer and closer towards her campfire, hoping her companions had picked up on her over-the-top moans. She reached out to Talos' mind, one word sounding out in her own. 

"Duck." 

Alanna immediately collapsed, slamming onto the forest floor as both bolt and arrow found their marks. 

-- 

The two bandits were still gurgling on their own blood when Talos reached Alanna's slumped, naked form, picking her up and shoving the sorceress behind him. He drew his sword and swiftly ended the bandits' suffering. 

Alanna, as naked as the day she was born, handed the knowledge off that she had just gained to her two companions. Talos' furious look proved to Alanna that none of her attacker's friends would be alive by sunrise. Talos hugged her briefly before nodding to Casiama, the elf bounding through the forest towards the location Alanna had just described. Talos looked at Alanna briefly, unreadable as the day she met him, before he followed in the elf's footsteps. 

Not thirty minutes later did Alanna hear the screams and wails on the wind, souls being torn from bodies at a sickening rate. 

-- 

Talos had his sword out as he glanced over at the elf, silently stepping over the corpses on the ground. He could detect no more screams of men foreordained, but awaited Casiama's affirmation before allowing himself to relax. 

"That was the last one," Casiama whispered. She glanced towards him, nodding ever so slightly as she unnocked her bow. 

"Good. Hey, much obliged for the whole, uh," Talos shrugged his shoulders and swept his free hand around him, "making my job easy, I suppose." 

Casiama beamed, stepping softly towards him with thin eyes. She had dispatched five of the six outlaws they encountered, arrows gracefully planted in each neck from a distance. "My pleasure. You'd do the same for me." 

He shrugged, then turned to make his way from the encampment. Talos had already scanned for the bandit's valuables, and hadn't found much more than a couple coppers. He sheathed his sword, then took a knee just outside the ring of tents. 

Casiama tilted her head, having expected a response that never came. She stepped towards him gracefully, as per her custom. 

"What's wrong, Talos?" 

He didn't turn towards the elf. Talos' eyes remained on the soft grass before him, blades swaying gently in a mid-summer's breeze. He furrowed his brow, content that Casiama couldn't read him. 

"Nothing, Cass." 

Casiama knelt beside him, placing a hand on his shoulder. Talos let it rest there a moment. "You're lying to me," she said weakly. Casiama had already lost her smile when Talos turned his sight towards her. 

"Yeah," he replied, shrugging her hand away. "I'm just thinking of Alanna, is all. She's been very hateful the last couple weeks. Mentally, anway. And now this? I think..." 

Casiama frowned, her narrow brows rising worriedly. 

"I think we both know why," Talos declared coldly. He hadn't intended on blaming Alanna's actions on her. Casiama recalled the conversation with the sorceress by the pool. She hadn't yet shared what Alanna had told her with Talos, mostly out of anxiety. Partially out of fear. 

"I won't be here forever, Talos," Casiama said wobbily, quickly shifting her gaze from him. "A few more days and we'll be at the tomb of my ancestors. Though if you think I should... leave earlier, or something," she offered weakly, "I can do that. If you want." 

He glanced at her hurried breaths, then at her reddened cheeks. Both caused by the recent combat, of course. 

"No. That's alright. I'm sure she can deal with a few more days," he lied with a reassuring smile.