 Homecoming

----

With their task completed, the party left the mausoleum of Casiama's ancestors and the forest behind. They traveled nearly fifty miles in two days, the pace of a party both experienced and fatigued of the road.

Casiama had grown wary of Alanna since the night outside her ancestral tomb, and the two women now rarely conversed. Alanna had, to her credit, given Casiama and Talos their space on their march to the northeast.

The sorceress had decided to leave the pair once they had reached the Imperial road network at the small town of Autumn Hill, the road within laid westerly towards the heart of the Empire. She had decided long ago to return to Catriona, to be amongst her peers and the comfort of city life. Most of all, her heart couldn't take being around Talos any longer.

The wind sighed softly around her as she said her farewells, a beating heart promising itself to be strong in the face of a man once loved.

"Casiama. Give us a moment, will you?" Talos asked coldly, his piercing eyes fixed only on Alanna. He didn't see Casiama nod. He didn't see her hesitation. He didn't hear her walk away, either, but knew she had.

"Talos, if you're going to try and convince me to stay..." Alanna said softly.

Talos shook his head quickly, then stepped towards her. He released the lock on his mind, allowing Alanna to see him fully; a fact the sorceress didn't yet recognize, having not read the man for days now.

"No. I'd never ask it," he replied after a moment.

Alanna felt like running away from the moment, or at least as if she should turn from his gaze. She did neither, and brought a trembling hand to her tummy.

"It's been... a journey, Talos. You know, uh..." she shook her head, feigning a smile as she stepped towards him softly. Alanna was always terrible with goodbyes, she knew.

"You know, I'm going to cherish it. Even if it ended like this... Even if you didn't feel the same about me." Alanna cleared her throat and brought a hand to her cheek. Talos kept quiet for her. Alanna's voice became but a whisper, adding its ethereal beauty to the midsummer breeze around her.

"It's funny, though. I was so sure..."

Talos looked on her with a mixture of pity and sympathy. He had to ask for her forgiveness, his soul ached for it. Yet he knew he had not earned it; a man would have to live a life he couldn't, be something that he wasn't, to deserve such a thing from her. Talos brought a finger to his own forehead instead, a wordless ask towards the enchantress before him.

Alanna entered him effortlessly after a moment's hesitation, as she had done a thousand times in the past.

Her eyes welled up. Then she grinned.

"You lied? In front of the tomb?"

Talos nodded, but did not share her enthusiasm just yet.

"You're... you're such a bastard," Alanna declared with a hint of sarcasm through her tears. She chuckled, taking another step towards him, then brought a hand to his cheek. Alanna almost swept a stray strand of hair from his face.

She slapped him against the cheek instead.

"You don't lie to a girl about love, Talos!"

Now Talos grinned. He couldn't help himself.

"I thought it'd help you, really. Help you get over it... Fact is, Alanna, I-" his words were cut off by a soft finger raised to his lips. Alanna shut her eyes.

"Don't say anything, Talos. Let me feel you," Alanna spoke confidently, pondering if she should slap the man once more.

She could now see a hundred combative thoughts flowing through his mind, and Alanna now shared a connection with the man that she never had before. Talos had always kept this bottled up, Alanna knew, only sharing what ideations he had wanted to with the sorceress. With her minutes from leaving, he had decided to let that all go.

Alanna danced through it all, living an entire life of hardship and loss within a half dozen minutes.

She felt a man's sorrow as he slashed through a hundred enemies with his sword. She felt a man's grief at the loss of a daughter. A man's hesitation when he helped an immature sorceress in a Borderland tavern, all those weeks ago. And she saw a man's glee when that same sorceress had joined him the day afterward by happenstance, or perhaps by luck.

"Gods, why did you ever come into my life," Alanna said tearfully, her eyes still shut and a smile on her lips. Talos smiled in return, but remained silent.

Alanna felt a man's joy as he sat on the stairs of a dusty college with a maiden, the building swept over by the winds of time. She felt his dread spiral when he realized she was in danger the morning after, and felt his insurmountable pain as he was struck by a bestial foe a few days later.

Alanna did not want to delve further, knowing what laid ahead. A lonely tear drifted down her cheek nevertheless as she remembered the events herself. She took a step away from him.

Alanna's eyes fluttered open, and she forced herself from his mind. It was a daunting task to separate from Talos just then, truly, as an open mind was all she'd ever wanted from him in the month and a half they'd traveled together.

But he had to hear this from someone. Talos had to see the ruination his actions had caused, and Alanna would not allow herself to remain quiet any longer. Her words were filled with dread.

"I'll never forgive you, Talos."

"I'd never expect it," Talos replied gruffly after a moment of hesitation, then cleared his throat.

"But I'm sorry, Alanna. I'm sorry anyway. If there is a soul in the world that deserves this less, I do not know of-"

"Shut up!" Alanna commanded wobbily. "Sorry, just... be quiet for a minute, will you?"

Talos shut up.

"I may not know you as well as I thought I had, and I'll learn to accept that. But from what I saw, just now, I'm the only person you've met in years who's given an actual shit about you until Casiama. So know this, wanderer who thinks of himself before all else; your actions do matter. You devastate those around you with your insolence, just like you've devastated me."

Alanna shook her head, gripping the man's shoulders to ensure he understood.

"You've been alone for so long because you don't realize that. And you'll wander again once you've ruined Casiama as well, I'm sure of it, unless you listen to a girl who knows you just well enough and you repair yourself. Otherwise, it's only a matter of time. You have to truly care about other people, Talos, for them to care in return."

Her eyes glanced downwards sadly in self pity. "Just as I know you care for me. Cared, perhaps." She released him.

Talos gasped for air, having held his breath without realizing. His eyes were cast over Alanna's shoulders towards trees creaking loudly in a sudden gust of wind, though no clouds were rolling in. A wanderer was silent for a minute as he took a girl's words to heart, and then spoke softly.

"Care. And would you feel better if I told you that I couldn't explain it? That it's just... different, with Cass?" Talos said waiveringly, his ears picking up on the wordless songs of the wind. Alanna looked at him again through squinted eyes.

"Of course not, Talos," she replied, shaking her head.

"But if it is... then prove it. And not just to her," Alanna said seriously, waving a hand towards the elven princess half a world away.

"But prove it to yourself. Don't you dare waste what we had for a fling, for I'll never forgive you if you did." Alanna paused a moment, staring deeply into Talos' eyes and reading him to ensure he felt the gravity of her words. She had more to say.

"And if you do dare to break her heart, I will hunt you down to the ends of the world so you don't destroy another. Of that, I swear to you."

Talos believed her threat unquestioningly as twin hearts beat as one for a fleeting second.

It's not that he was afraid of her, exactly. But in what world would he strike her? In what world would that be just? Her words had shaken him to the core, and Talos knew she was right. He refused to admit it, of course, but the enchantress read it on his mind nevertheless.

"Okay," he muttered instead.

Alanna knew he understood. She stepped forward into his arms, the pair sharing a long, tight embrace as the wind picked up sharply around them. They held on to a fleeting moment of their lives that they both knew had to end eventually.

"I'll see you in Catriona. Someday," Talos whispered into the sorceress's ear. Alanna did not reply with her own words, but merely nodded her acceptance into his chest.

In the end, Alanna still loved him. And she had to let him go.

--

At the next settlement Talos and Casiama passed -- the quaint farming town of Tarama just west of the Dracorange Mountains -- they purchased a pair of bay horses from a destitute farmer for quite the premium. It was little matter to them, Casiama summoning the requested coins for the farmer while he wasn't looking; thirty-three golden Talents from a bygone era, borrowed from her ancestors.

Talos had always been impressed by Casiama's grace, but she had found a way to captivate him further as she rode with the elegance of someone born on horseback. He picked up some tricks from her, laughed with her, and loved her in the waning days of summer.

Talos had been a wanderer for more than fourteen years now, never finding himself comfortable staying in one place for too long. After all those years, the man finally felt as if he were home as he explored the Lady's bountiful wilderness with the elven princess. He wasn't looking forward to reaching Tor Valliya, knowing he could never belong there. He could never stay.

The pair were now settled a half-mile from a windswept dirt road, which traveled northeast towards the elven city. Casiama laid quietly on her sleeping furs, her eyes cast on a man staring at the pleasant night sky. His sword was laid in the grass beside him, glowing softly in the darkness.

"Just a few weeks now," the elf said softly, her ears drooping calmly at the sight of him. Talos turned towards her after a moment with a smile, although he did not share the princess's enthusiasm.

"Yeah. Your family better appreciate the efforts you made for them, Cass."

Casiama nodded. "They will. Nothing is more sacred than honoring one's ancestors."

Talos shrugged, then brought his knees to his chest as he sat with his gaze affixed to hers. He had disagreed with her until the princess smiled sweetly, then swept his dissent aside.

He thought of his ancestors, and how he despised those he had known. But Talos knew Casiama had meant to add 'to the elves' at the end of her statement. Probably.

"Yeah, sure. You know, Cass, we..." he paused, then glanced away from her. "We don't have to go to Tor Valliya. We can just keep going. Perhaps I can show you my hometown, or... maybe the forests of Falinor? Or everywhere, even?"

Casiama giggled at the idea, but shook her head. "These treasures belong to my family," she said, then nodded towards the sword at his side, "all but that. That belongs to you, I'm sure of it. But I must return, Talos."

Talos glanced towards the sword, then back towards her. "How do you know?"

"I just do," she cooed. "How do you know you love me?"

Your perfect features. Your enchanting laughter. Your limitless grace. Your rigid optimism. Your encouraging strength. Your amazing skills. Your confidence. Your unbidden acceptance of my customs.

Talos shook his head with a smile. "I just do."

Casiama had to understand his plight. That none of this was his choice, and he had been swept into the situation at the wrong moment. Or perhaps she had.

"I won't be able to stay with you in Tor Valliya, Cass. They will eventually throw me out, as they have in the past," he explained sadly.

Casiama crept towards him on her hands and knees, brushing a lock of hair behind her pointed ear as she did. Talos' heart fluttered, and his fears were swept aside.

"I will force them to let you stay," she whispered with joyous hope. "You forget that I am a princess."

He gazed upon her swaying hips as she crept closer, her beautiful smile as she neared. He would never forget such a truth. Casiama planted a kiss on his lips once she had found him, then rested on her knees. Talos wrapped his arms around her willowy form.

"Okay," he muttered instead, smiling as he returned her kiss with loving retribution.

--

Casiama and Talos arrived at the great elven city in the middle of fall a month later, a brisk mountain air on their backs. Tor Valliya was situated far beyond the Imperial borders, within a mountain range encapsulated by another range that had defended the long-standing city of elves from all manner of enemy for a millenia.

The city was smaller than Talos had remembered, yet somehow still as majestic in all of its elven splendor. Tor Valliya was situated between within the valley of a half-ring of tall peaks. Where there were no mountains, there was instead a bright wall of white stone above a cliff-side protecting the fortress city from harm. The white stone buildings of Tor Valliya rose sharply beyond those walls towards the heavens, imitating the surrounding mountains with their majesty and complexity. The many rivers from the mountain peaks flowed rapidly between wide city streets for the entire year, supposedly never convinced of the winter's cold or a summer's draught. Farmland spread out for dozens of miles beyond the city walls along a larger mountain valley.

Casiama and Talos were accosted at the gates, no surprise to the human but of great worry to the elf. Talos had tried to calm the princess down until he saw the shining helms and spears of the palace guard, who had prompty escorted the pair to the great hall of Casiama's father.

The palace rose between two mountain peaks, nestled in a far corner of the ancient city. It's elegance outshone all else, its thousands of spires tipped with shining silver, perhaps in imitatation the palace guard itself. Casiama trembled as they neared the Silver Hall, while Talos felt nervous for the second time in a year as he was forcibly marched, flanked by two dozen armored elves. He hoped he didn't show it.

He at least felt fortunate that his new blade, Dawnbringer, was safely tucked away in Casiama's realm... and also a bit unfortuante that he didn't have it on him if it were needed. Luckily, Talos had a trick or two up his sleeve that could be used here.

Talos noticed a bearded human wearing the red-and-gold crest of the Empire looking down on them as they were escorted up the marble steps of the Silver Hall, and realized why they had been stopped at the gates.

--

"Princess Casiama, Fourth of her Name, you have been accused of violating the Elven-Imperial Concordat, article two, which states that persons officially representing a signatory shall not violate the territorial boundaries of another signatory without formal request," the monotonous elf began, reading a scroll that was far too long for Talos' liking.

"You have also been accused of violating the Elven-Imperial Concordat, article three, which states that persons officially representing a signatory shall not violate the life or liberty of the kin of another signatory without consequence," the elf rattled on, Casiama starting to feel the gravity of her situation, "unless that action be in self-defense."

"And may I remind the court that failure to uphold the articles of the Concordat to our fullest extent will invoke article one, which states that a formal declaration of war may be declared justly by the offended signatory," the scroll-reader warned, pausing to look vaguely in the direction of the high judges of the city before continuing.

"Finally, you have been accused of treason via desertion by the Royal Court of Tor Valliya through your failure to formally request a leave of absence from a superior prior to leaving the realm. The combined sentence of all three charges will be no less than the harshest punishment of our realm, permanent exile without appeal. Princess Casiama, how do you plead before the eyes of the gods and of our esteemed court?"

Casiama stood alone in the center of the gilded hall, surrounded by seven ancient elves situated in a high semi-circle before her, a hundred or three elven audience members in attendance flanking her.

One of those elves judging the accused was her own father, the King. His word would ultimately be the deciding factor, but his honor dictated that he follow the judgement of his peers. Talos was merely a spectator to the event. Humans, including the Imperial envoy to his left, were not permitted to speak in an elven court.

Her voice quivered as she spoke. "Not guilty! My lords, my King, I was not officially representing anyone! My actions represented no ones but my own!" she tried reasoning in vain, feeling helpless and betrayed by her own people.

"I'd like to remind the princess that any member of the royal family is to be considered an acting dignatory of the King of Tor Valliya at all times, and should choose their actions wisely for that very reason," one of the ancient elven judges spoke in stern response.

Casiama's eyes darted between each of the judges before settling on her father's stern gaze.

"Not guilty!" she repeated, as if she could judge herself. "My actions were pure and innocent! I acted in self-defense, I had been chased by-"

"Objection, your royal majesty," another judge spoke, looking towards the center of the semi-circle towards the King, "the envoy's testimony brought multiple examples of her aggression inside Imperial territory, near the fortress of Dun Galem and in the settlement of Kenilworth."

The old elf's eyes shifted towards Casiama then, the King nodding for him to continue. "Her personal arrows were found at both scenes, lodged in the throats of several guardsmen on each occasion. Her presence there itself dictates that we must-"

"No! My King, father..." she pleaded waveringly, feeling it all slip away before her.

"Silence!" the King commanded, "Casiama. Did you or did you not take the life of a human's while in Imperial territory?"

Casiama shook and started to weep as she looked on her father's face. "I-I..."

Talos had heard enough of this so-called trial and decided to take action, striding towards the center of the hall beside his shaking elven lover. The elven audience booed and shouted as he walked, the silver walls echoing their defiance.

"The human will not speak in this esteemed audience!" the king's voice boomed over the raucous noise of the crowd. Talos lifted his hood as the room fell silent around him.

"Galalrimon. Is that any way to greet an old friend?" he replied with a smirk.

--

Talos paced back in forth between the King of Tor Valliya and his twenty-first child. He sternly but eloquently defended Casiama, using historical references of the Imperials violating the Concordat without any repercussions to the offenders. He brought up the fact that the accords were more than three-hundred years old, almost six lifetimes for your average human, and aren't likely held to the strict standards in Imperial court that the human envoy had attested to.

Talos defended Casiama's character, testifying that the princess did not have the personality to kill without good reason -- not bringing up the fact that she had almost killed Talos himself -- and that she was a useful member of the Royal family with the skill and courage to serve her people with honor for many centuries to come.

When logic failed, Talos fell back on emotion. He anecdotally told the entire court of his father, the Count of Evora, speaking passionately of despising the man who had forced out all his children but the eldest male. He was looking to stir an emotional response from the King, and failed in that task as well.
