 Note: Ctrl+F ~s~ to skip right to the action (there's two)

*

Cuthbert regretted everything he had ever done that had led him to this moment. In fact, diving out the carriage door and living out his days as a wild man was starting to sound downright genius, but she probably would've just followed him.

They were three days through the four-day voyage to the trade city of Ightwood, and the marksman's partner would just not stop talking. Ziri, a cleric for the mysterious fertility goddess Freyja, was his only companion on the cramped carriage, and he had agreed to travel with her on the promise of adventure and so very, very much sex. If Cuthbert had known how long her mouth could run about her goddess and the order and anything else, he might have reconsidered.

Cuthbert tried to listen, honestly and truly. Since Ziri had accidentally asked for Freyja's blessing and she answered by enchanting his asshole with an everlasting lube job, the marksman apparently had the deity's attention and it would behoove him to learn about her.

What basic information he had been able to retain was Freyja's place as a minor goddess of companionship, fertility, and love. Her order was seemingly made entirely of women, but that was because the initiation process involves her clerics undergoing a transformation to become voluptuous, dreamlike women. Because that brings them physically closer to Freyja, or something, and they all get a magical phallus they can use as their very own dick. Freaked him the fuck out when Ziri surprised Cuthbert with that, but he wasn't exactly in a position to complain now.

He had learned all he could the first day, but damn it all if the rapid-fire assault of the cleric's enthusiastic explanation didn't leave him drained and blankly staring out the window by day two.

"And so it was on the year 238 when the first Daughter of Freyja was officially ordained, a woman by the name of--hey, what's that?" His attention snapped out of the Astral Plane at Ziri's sudden change in mood, and Cuthbert actually focused on the thick forest surrounding the carriage. There ahead on the road, barely visible beneath a bush, could be seen a pair of boots and metal sabatons pointing to the sky. Ziri pounded on the wall of the carriage and shouted, "Driver, pull over! Let's see if anyone needs help, Cuthbert."

He sneered just a bit as the cart slowed to a stop. "Whoever it is they're clearly beyond our help, what's the point?" Despite his words Cuthbert was already setting aside his pack to grab his bow and quiver, being contrarian was just an excuse to get a few words in.

"But it wouldn't be right," Ziri responded, and with the conversation clearly over we both stepped out into the open.

Now Cuthbert had seen victims of adventuring in the past and expected to see an unfortunate highway man with his throat cut, but when they cleared the brush he hopped back with a very unmanly yelp. "What the shit happened to him!? He's nothing but a husk!" Indeed, inside the glinting and elegant armor little more than ashy skin pulled taught over bones remained. There was still enough definition to discern that the poor creature had once been an elf, but otherwise it looked like he had simply dried up.

Looking at the cleric, it seemed she was ready to dry up, too. All the blood had left her face, and Ziri was staring at the husk as if she were remembering a war crime. "Everything drained... and it's too bright out to be a vampire. That leaves... it can't be." She broke off through the undergrowth, and Cuthbert was only barely able to keep up with her crashing strides. Only a few meters through the brush, they broke out into a clearing and they skidded to a stop with mouths agape.

They had stepped onto a field where an outright massacre had had taken place. At least a dozen husks, all elves in the same gilded armor, lay about a toppled carriage, an ornate number of polished wood and ivory that must have been carrying someone important. No horses could be seen or even any sign of life, save for a horribly wet sucking sound from around the other side of the carriage. Cuthbert swallowed the sudden taste of bile and hung close to Ziri as she crept up around the side of the carriage, her warhammer held ready and tight to to her breast. She stopped at the corner, and curiosity getting the best of her partner he peeked over her head...

~s~ To find two women furiously fucking. An elf with skin the color of rich chocolate was sitting back on her haunches and elbows, legs up in the air as another woman was slurping at her pussy load enough to cover the former's moans. Cuthbert couldn't see much of the second woman, save for her milky rump happily swaying in the air, but they were clearly enjoying each other. After a moment the elf let out a wail as her body convulsed with pleasure, and the second woman surfaced for air to reveal an inky black waterfall of hair framing two dusty red horns that curled forward and up from her forehead. Surprisingly the horns didn't frighten Cuthbert, rather they served to accentuate the sharp lines of her angular face as she grinned at the elf and licked the sex off her lips.

Still wimpering from the aftershocks, the elf yelped slightly when the horned woman leaned forward and wrapped an unnaturally long tongue around one nipple and began sucking on it, leaving the elf to helplessly grind her hips on nothing until the other slipped her middle two fingers into the chocolate slit. The elf moaned and her eyes rolled back, giving in completely to the rhythm of the horned woman as her body was prodded and played with like a living toy.

Stars above was it sexy, merely watching them put all previous horrors out of his mind and it almost hurt when Ziri wrenched him back around the carriage.

"Freyja help us, it's worse than I thought," the cleric moaned.

"Worse? That looks pretty awesome to me--"

"Cuthbert, no!" Ziri snapped, the barely-contained rage in her voice serving as a dose of cold water to clear his fogged mind. "That horned bitch is a succubus, and she's slowly killing that poor elf girl!" Cuthbert blinked in astonishment and asked if she was sure. "Of course I'm sure, succubi are the worst enemy of Freyja. Using an act of love to suck the life energies out of a person... and this is a fully-grown one, too. I count twelve bodies she's sucked dry, she must be at least a 5th-circle succubus... I'm too new to fight off a demon so powerful. But we might be able to at least save the elf; take a closer look at them."

He looked back around the carriage to find the two women had moved onto scissoring each other. The succubus' legs were wrapped around the other's waist and she had pulled the elf in close for a deep kiss while their bodies undulated, but beneath all the pleasure he finally noticed that the elf was looking a bit sickly. Underfed, even.

"The demon is toying with her last meal. Eating her slowly and forcing her to love every second of it. But look at how full her curves are, and how engorged the breasts. That means the succubus is almost completely filled to capacity and will soon be satiated, but I fear that if we don't do something the elf still won't survive this."

Cuthbert sighed and closed his eyes. "Don't tell me you want to give the succubus some of your energy to compensate." Enticing as the mental imagery of Ziri fucking the succubus was, the true implications were starting to finally hammer their way into his forethoughts.

The cleric bit her lower lip and gave her partner a long look. Normally that would've been incredibly cute, but now she just looked anxious. "Not quite... it has to be both of us, Cuthbert. Together. We should all survive without any lasting damage, then." The cowardly marksman started to shake his head, but she cupped his cheek with a gloved hand. "Please, Cuthbert. We have to try to save the elf. Plus... you'll get to fuck a demon and live to tell about it. No other chance to do that."

He put on some small show of resistance, but Cuthbert's member was already growing and his mind fogging at the mere image. Quietly they laid down their weapons and removed their clothing, and Ziri inserted her strap-on for added effect. Both of them fully erect and ready, the marksman took the cleric's hand and they walked out into the open.

The succubus was already looking our direction as we came into view, her eyes a piercing red with slits for pupils. "Finally decided to join the fun, have you?" the succubus asked. Her voice was like silk in a cavern, with an otherworldly echo to it that reverberated in their skulls and made everything hazy. "Come, whores of Freyja. Show me what your goddess has taught you." She pushed off the elf, who looked at them with equal parts pleading and intoxication in her half-lidded eyes, and the succubus ran a hand over her own curves as an invitation.

Ziri went to the elf and began chanting a healing prayer while Cuthbert walked to the front of the succubus. The demon's eyes were quite terrifying this close, but when her milky fingers curled around his organ a sensation of pure electricity shot through his body. He suddenly ached to have this goddess made flesh touch every part of his body, and would have gladly committed any sort of treason if it meant pleasing her. She kneeled down and that long, sharp, beautiful tongue snaked all the way around his glans and began to writhe about it, the hot and slick sensation feeling better than any handjob Cuthbert had ever received. She grinned when a moan escaped his lips, showing fangs the marksman would have gladly allowed to sink into his flesh, and she continued to tease him for what felt like an eternity. The succubus never did more than slowly stroke his cock with her tongue, only stopping to lick up any precum he leaked, and the whole while her gaze stayed locked onto his soul.

When it finally felt like he was going to be allowed release, her tongue unrapped from around Cuthbert and a gentle push caused his legs to buckle. When had all strength left him like this? Thankfully the succubus didn't need his strength, as she climbed atop him and with one hand guided his throbbing prick into her sex. The lips were so hot he felt they might scald, but that was nothing compared to her internal heat as he slid inside her; it was like dipping his dick into hot oil, the sensation so intense that it made every nerve ending in his body fire in unison as Cuthbert immediately came.

Some small part of him noticed the semen leaking down his shaft get sucked back up, as if the succubus' pussy was drinking him up, but all Cuthbert could focus on was the woman's ethereal beauty. As the succubus moaned with pleasure he felt true happiness--not for the orgasm rocking his body, but because he, a mere mortal, could bring some small degree of satisfaction to this magnificent being. He could spend a lifetime looking only at her, and when she started to slowly ride his dick the succubus seemed to suck in all the light around her until she was truly all he could see. Maybe it was magic or maybe it was his consciousness starting to fade, but whatever it was Cuthbert loved her for it...

With a blinding flash of clarity, the cleric stepped into his field of view literally glowing to wash away the darkness. Ziri looked more powerful than Cuthbert had ever seen her, muscles showing even through her curvaceous layer of fat, and her brilliance cleared his mind's fog to remind him what this succubus was and what she was doing to them. They were giving this succubus some of their life energies to save the elf, and the cleric played her part by bending the succubus forward and unapologetically pushing her cock into the demon's ass.

"Oh, yes! Don't hold back, dear Daughter of Freyja!" the succubus shouted, clearly relishing on having both of her holes filled. From his place on the ground, he could only watch as Ziri hammered into the demon, each thrust pressing into his own cock through the inner wall. It felt amazing, and as Cuthbert tried his best to match her rhythm the succubus started to get lost in her own pleasure and moan with a horrifyingly demonic growl.

The cleric's presence having returned some of his strength, Cuthbert stood up and together we held the succubus aloft between us, legs held wide as we fucked her pussy and ass. For good measure he leaned over and started kissing Ziri while they fucked the demon, her warm lips filling him with selfless joy that beat back the monster-induced desire for servitude. He don't know if it was Freyja's protection acting through the cleric or what, but it allowed him to maintain a clear mind and merely enjoy the sensation of the demon's supernaturally warm sex.

They kept kissing as they both came again, and after two life-draining orgasms he could give no more and collapsed to the ground. Cuthbert found himself laying beside the unconscious elf and Ziri fell on the other side of her, panting heavily and clearly feeling just as weak as he was. As if waking from a good nap the succubus stood over the trio and stretched, a flowing white cloak appearing out of nowhere to drape over her bare shoulders, and it suddenly occurred to Cuthbert that there was no way for them to fight this demon off if she felt like simply slitting their throats. Instead she grinned at them and mewed, "It's so rare to see a cleric willingly give herself to me. I can't wait to see you all at full strength again, my dears. 'Til then, enjoy this parting gift."

The succubus casually waved a hand in their direction, sending a wave of magic over the defenseless mortals. All three of their bodies were gripped in arcs of electricity; where before the demonic magic had heightened his sense of pleasure, this was more akin to a hot poker jabbing his nerves and forcing Cuthbert into a dry orgasm. Hurt like a bitch and his body didn't stop convulsing until he just gave up and passed out.

...

Cuthbert wasn't entirely sure how long he had been unconscious, but the high sun said it must've been at least two hours. He was dressed back in his tunic, the succubus was gone, and instead two figures were standing in front of a bonfire. Cuthbert walked up to stand next to Ziri and the elf, and there he realized the two had collected the bodies of every fallen elf guard and placed them in a giant funeral pyre. The elf was saying a prayer in her flowing native tongue as the cleric stood in revered silence, and not wanting to be rude the marksman did the same.

Actually, this presented the first actual chance Cuthbert had to give the elf woman a solid look. Skin of vibrant ebony and hair a full-bodied ponytail of black ropes adorned with turquoise baubles, the elf had a slightly angular face and piercing hazel eyes flecked with gold that sparkled in the dancing flame. She was dressed in the tattered remains of what must have once been and exquisite blue and green silk dress that showed off more skin than it hid, and still managed to stand proud and proper despite it all. Tall, slim, and athletic, the elf was effectively the opposite of the buxom Ziri in every practical way. And she was openly crying as she prayed for her fallen comrades.

With a nod, the elf finished her prayer and wiped her face dry before turning to the cleric. "Thank you for your aid and blessings, Cleric Ziri. Oh, hello," she added, upon seeing the man had joined them. "Thank you, too. Ziri explained that the succubus--calls herself Yoellael--would've surely killed me had you two not stepped in." She curtsied, or at least did a passing job in her shredded dress. "It's a pleasure to meet you. I am Inyelw'n, sixth duchess for the royal court of Eiriadhuld, and I am in your debt."

Shit, she really was royalty. Cuthbert responded with what was surely the stiffest bow she had ever seen and mumbled, "And I am Cuthbert. Uh, fighter." Inyelw'n smirked ever so slightly at the marksman surely finding humor in his blasé occupation, but Cuthbert reminded himself that people cut from such expensive cloth generally didn't keep company such as him. Besides, surely returning her to her kingdom would net him a very, very handsome reward.

"And what's your next step, Ms. Inyelw'n?" Ziri asked, placing a reassuring hand on the duchess' shoulder. "Is there anything else we can do for you?"

Inyelw'n gave one last look at the funeral pyre before turning her back on it and facing us. "Well, I am clearly now in need of a new entourage. I cannot promise any payment upfront, save what we can salvage from the carriage, but once we reach the port city I can assure you will receive compensation well beyond your efforts from my diplomats. From there we may do well to go our separate ways, for I fully intend to gather every Eiriandhuld knight and sellsword I can manage, return to this forsaken forest, hunt down that decrepit best, and send her back to the Abyss from whence she came!" The elf's speech had steadily grown in intensity, ending in a shrill scream as the flames behind her leapt up an additional hundred feet in the air.

The duchess may not have noticed what she had done, but Ziri and Cuthbert certainly had.

Naturally, the coach that had brought them this far hadn't been willing to wait or merely assumed they had been killed off, and after Cuthbert was done cursing him for taking his pack they assessed their situation. The small army of elven guards had left behind enough rations that starvation was at least not an issue, and Cuthbert was skinny enough to take some spare clothes while Inyelw'n changed into a new dress, but there was no replacing the cleric's collection of herbs and oils. Ziri remained optimistic, saying that buying replacements in any big city wouldn't be an issue, but he still felt bad for her. Inyelw'n directed the two to pack up anything that was small and valuable--Cuthbert couldn't help but note that Ziri and he each ended up carrying significantly more than her--and without wasting any time we set off for Ightwood.

During the walk Cuthbert quickly took a liking to Inyelw'n, if only because she gave Ziri someone else to tell the complete history of Freyja. And somehow, she was managing to keep pace with the cleric.

"Now I understand that becoming an ordained cleric involves the body transformation, but why does a goddess of fertility let you control how fertile you are? And why does every cleric have an artificial phallus?"

Ziri was only too happy to answer, and in her excitement the tumble of explanations steadily grew to a torrential pace. "Well you see, Freyja isn't just a fertility goddess. As a Life Domain cleric, my job is to spread companionship and healing, and Freyja understands that parents are less likely to become adventurers so she lets us prevent any pregnancies from happening before we're ready. That goes for those close to me, too. But trust him that, should I ever retire from being a cleric and Freyja was pleased with my services she'll certainly reward me with as big a family as I can handle! But the transformation itself... well, both that and the strap-on are to bring us closer to Freyja; I was a skinny lil' thing before I joined the order, and Freyja is a unique goddess in that she has both sown and reared many children. Certainly weird feeling the sensations a man does when I wear it, but I've grown to like it. And I know someone who REALLY likes it!"

Cuthbert grunted as Ziri threw an arm around his shoulders, the cleric beaming at him while Inyelw'n quietly chuckled. He just stared downward and tried to control the spreading blush, leaving him too distracted to notice the ambush.

With a crashing of leaves and loud growls, two fully grown gnolls armed with spears leapt out of the bushes to surround us. Inyelw'n instantly lost her composure and scrambled to the back with a yelp, leaving Ziri and Cuthbert to fend off the monsters. The marksman was quickest, whipping out his bow and letting off an arrow that struck a gnoll on the shoulder and merely managed to draw its ire. The cleric held her warhammer close to her chest and began chanting a prayer, and when the beast swung at Cuthbert he found it surprisingly easy to dodge. The warm sensation filling him meant that Ziri's blessing must be working, and he shot the gnoll again square in the chest.
