 Note: Ctrl+F ~s~ to skip right to the action (there's two)

*

They did not make it to town by sundown. In fact, all the fighting and the fucking from earlier had left them so exhausted they barely made any headway by the time the encroaching night forced them to stop and make camp. Ziri was now in a thoroughly sour mood and whined while she worked, and Cuthbert quietly chuckled at how poorly the world-traveling cleric handled extended camping. Inyelw'n the elf duchess wasn't doing much better, quietly fuming as she tried in vain to scrub off every dirt stain her dress had picked up on the hike. Clearly, he was the only one who had grown up sleeping in everything from horse stables to wet alleyways.

So it befell to him to provide camp for the ladies, and he felt strangely masculinized as he gathered wood for the fire. Cuthbert had been trying not to dwell on the plain fact that both his companions were significantly more powerful than him, and actually taking care of them for the first time felt better than he expected.

These sentimentalities are likely the reason why he was too distracted to notice the ambush. Again.

A dark bag dropped over his head and a dozen tiny hands bound him with rope, sending him crashing to the ground before he could so much as yelp. When Cuthbert did scream out he was immediately gagged, a length of rope around his head forcing the dirty burlap sack into his mouth. It tasted sour, and he was happier for not knowing why. The creatures, unknown beyond their small hands with long fingers and a steel grip, bodily hoisted him into the air like a length of lumber and carried him away, chittering in what was either a hyperactive language or a strange laugh. For all his struggling he couldn't budge an inch and visions of being spitroasted over a fire invaded his thoughts, filling him with a terror he couldn't act upon.

After an eternity of being manhandled about the forest, Cuthbert was unceremoniously flipped and dumped onto a rough wooden floor and a metal clang signaled his completed capture. He could hear further chittering sounds in the distance and what were possibly whoops of victory, but beyond that he was left to his own thoughts. Several minutes of stewing later the chittering grew louder as several voices approached, opening the metal door and dumping two more squirming bodies next to him.

Hoping for the best, he tried to call out, "'Iri? 'At oou?"

"'Uh-ert?" a muffled feminine voice replied. Thank Pelor, his team was still alive. They were all trapped by monsters and surely about to be eaten, but for now they were alive. Inyelw'n was still struggling and grunting wordless oaths, and after a moment her efforts culminated in a flash of heat and the smell of burning fabric. Once she had untied them Cuthbert quickly tried to assess the situation, but beyond the bars of their cage he could see little more than underbrush and the light of multiple small fires in the distance. As for his teammates, they appeared unharmed but Ziri was raking her hands through her auburn hair and looking about with wild eyes--she was actually having a panic attack, and after fighting off a full-fledged succubus Cuthbert didn't think anything would phase her. "Oh no. Oh Freyja, this can't be happening..."

"Ziri? Ziri. Madeline!" He had to shout and grab Ziri by the shoulders to break her concentration, but she stopped her hyperventilating and met his eyes. "Ziri, do you know where we are? Who took us?"

"...Goblins. We were taken by goblins!" Ziri practically shouted, bringing her freak out back in full force. "I've read about when goblins go savage, they're going to kill you and keep Inye and me as breeding slaves. And their seed is so fucking potent, even Freyja can't protect us!"

Hearing her name made Inyelw'n's pointed ears perk up. "Excuse me? I will die before I allow myself to be reduced to cattle! I'm sure I can blow this door open, if we act fast we can likely catch them off guard and escape."

Ziri just shook her head hard enough to send her hair flying. "No good. Do you hear how many of them are out there? Dozens, possibly hundreds! They'll skin us and eat us before we ever make it back to camp. Unless..." The cleric's eyes somehow grew wider as a thought dawned on her. "...We distract them. Cuthbert!" She grabbed onto the marksman, her growing intensity making him more than a little worried. "I have to ask the world of you, but you can save all our lives. I need you to trust me! If they take us we're done for, but if you offer up yourself that'll serve as a distraction and we can all escape when you've tired them out!"

"Uh... offer myself for what?"

"For, um, breeding. But it's okay! You're a man, they can't get you pregnant, and when goblins get too riled up they can't tell the difference anyways... so I've read. Please, Cuthbert. Please." he swear he could see tears welling up in Ziri's eyes as she pleaded.

Ah, hell. If the alternative is death... "Alright, Ziri. I'll do it. But he swear, if you escape and leave me--"

"Great! Inye, trade clothes with Cuthbert! We have to make him look like a woman and make you look like a man." Inyelw'n shrugged and took off her dress, and with great reluctance he disrobed from his chainmail and leathers. "Good, good. Now Inyelw'n, if you tie your hair about your face it should pass as a beard... thank goodness my gambeson hides all my curves..." Ziri quieted as she fussed with the elf, then stopping to pat dirt on her face as fake stubble. "Good thing you already don't have hardly any facial hair, Cuthbert. You look great!"

He grimaced as the feminine garment slid over his head. The shame of having to wear a dress... at least it wasn't constricting. His thoughts snapped back as some bushes next to them rustled and a figure ran off towards the lights. "Damnit! Ziri, a guard must've seen us! It'll never work now!"

The cleric, in her distress, couldn't think of anything else, and a moment later two figures approached to give Cuthbert his first proper look at the goblin species. Standing at likely just a hair over three feet for the taller and a few inches less for the shorter, the most prominent features of the short creatures were giant, pointed ears that fanned out and back from their skulls to catch even the most subtle sounds. Complimenting the ears were large eyes, an upturned nose, and a wide mouth full of sharp teeth. Glancing downwards he saw their proportions were almost-but-not-quite human: with legs that were a tad too short and arms that reached down to their knees, the creatures came together in an image that made him think of flightless bats.

"Um, greetings!" Ziri shouted, lowering her voice to a gruff drawl that would've been hilarious in better circumstances. "We men have a woman here who is willing to give herself up to you if you let us go--"

One of the figures held up her hand to silence Ziri. With an hourglass figure that bordered on the absurd, the female goblin was clad in leathers covered by a cloak that made her look like some perverse fertility goddess, although the crow's feet on her eyes and her reliance on a tall walking stick belied her true age. The other was clearly younger and similarly dressed with short hair and a flat chest, but impressive hips and backside that advertised prime mothering material. With a motion the younger one unlocked the cage door, and without a word Cuthbert stepped out and walked down a beaten earth path flanked by the two green creatures

After they were out of earshot from everyone the older goblin spoke up, "I do not know if your friend is desperate, stupid, or evil, but you cannot survive this." The blunt honesty and harsh, broken Common stopped him in his tracks; he had never heard a goblin speak before and it was less than pleasant. The older goblin glanced back at him with a flat look and continued, "You are to be seen by Chief Dragdalk, who has an endless... appetite? And will not stop until you are either with child or dead of tiredness. We can help you."

"What? Why-why would you--"

"Not all of us are driven by lust, human," the goblin snapped. "Do you accept my help, or do you accept death?" Cuthbert gulped and nodded at her offer, and the goblin began to wave her staff in his direction and chant in a course language. His gut writhed as the spell hit the marksman, buckling his knees from the shock of his intestines doing a flip or three. When the feeling subsided the goblin nodded and said, "There. I have gifted you the resilience of our kind, may it let you outlast my husband." The other goblin unceremoniously prodded him forward, into a clearing where all the other goblins were waiting and he was hit with the full force of their predicament.

A great bonfire was burning in the middle of the clearing, circled by a dozen carriages in various states of disuse as countless goblins danced and cheered on any surface they could stand on. At the far end a crude platform had been built out of scraps, atop which sat a gilded makeshift throne and what must've been the goblin chief, Dragdalk, looking bored until he saw their entrance. The noises of the crowd were drowned out by his focus on the chief as he was pushed onto the platform and the goblin scrutinized him with a piercing gaze. Although still shorter than the human, the chief towered over all the other goblins with a full head of height and managed to stare Cuthbert down with hard-won authority that forced his eyes downward--oh by Pelor, his dick was HUGE! The goblin chief wasn't wearing pants and his green member swung in the open, more than long enough to knock against his knees with enormous fist-sized testicles and absolutely terrifying in his casual dominant stance.

~s~ "I hear you're willing to give yourself up to me," Dragdalk stated matter-of-factually, the spears at his back forcing Cuthbert to take halting steps towards him. "This is good, the willing always bear healthier children. Be good to me and I will make your life here a happy one. Now on your knees, get me ready." Cuthbert's legs buckled at his command and he gulped at the monstrous task before him, not having the slightest clue where to begin.

With an unsteady hand he reached out and gripped the hot flesh, giving an experimental tug that was answered by a happy twitch. Cuthbert could feel Dragdalk's pulse quicken in response to his touch, veins throbbing all along his shaft as the bell end swelled with arousal. Working the shaft with both hands, he was able to get it to half mast where it was pointing directly at his face. Stars above, the musk was overwhelming and he found myself unconsciously licking his lips as a tiny voice far in the back of his mind balked at what he had been reduced to.

*Eat or be eaten,* Cuthbert thought with a mostly sane chuckle, and he opened up to take the green cock in his mouth. To his surprise it didn't taste bad, just like normal skin, and the happy hum from the goblin chief told him he was at least doing something right. Redoubling his efforts he tried to channel the best whores he had ever encountered, working his tongue all about the crown while he jerked him off with both hands. Evidently he knew a thing or two about sucking cocks, because in no time Dragdalk abruptly stood up with a full mast tapping against his lean stomach.

Without another word the goblin gripped him by the shoulder and spun him around, forcing him to stay on his hands and knees towards the cheering crowd. The cold night air hit his skin as his dress was flipped up, exposing his bare ass and very not-female genitals to the chief. One hand leveraging on his hip tightened as the goblin growled behind him, and as the lump grew in his throat Cuthbert realized that this goblin was not nearly as desperate as Ziri had hoped. "Grr... no matter. I've been saving up for tonight, one way or another."

Pressure grew against his backside until his anus opened up and accepted its fate, Dragdalk's cock sliding in until his colon was filled to capacity. He paused and for a heartbeat Cuthbert thought this was the worst he would have to endure--for all his unused length the goblin's meat wasn't exceedingly thick--but his grip on his hips redoubled and he began pushing past his biological limits. With a sickening gurgle his insides shifted, organs stretching and aligning for the single purpose of accepting every inch of this invader.

Pinned and helpless beneath the chief, Cuthbert's mind was swimming just as much as his guts. Not only was this the first time I've ever been fucked by an actual man, but to his surprise the public spectacle of it all was strangely exhilarating, and he found myself growing hard despite the circumstances. The chief would stop and rock back slightly whenever his insides put up any sort of fight, never pulling out but fucking him deeper with every thrust until he felt a pressure bobbing inside his abdomen. he looked down and saw a bulge growing in his stomach, painless but no less amazing as the goblin finally hilted himself inside Cuthbert and let out a contented sigh.

"I must say, I'm impressed!" the goblin chortled. "Few humans are whore enough to take a hobgoblin's full might!" Dragdalk gave his prisoner's ass a hard slap, causing Cuthbert to yelp and jerk against his veritable flesh leash. This only encouraged Dragdalk, who smacked his ass again and again until the skin burned and tears welled up in his eyes. He clenched and flinched, unable to fight back until a rhythm was established that had him rocking back and forth along Dragdalk's shaft.

"Oh, that's a good whore. Show me how bad you want my children." Dragdalk had stopped spanking him, and looking back Cuthbert saw his hands had dropped to his sides and the goblin wore a look of smug content on his face. Well, if it makes this end faster... he steeled his resolve, made a show of biting his lip, and began fucking myself against Dragdalk with every bit of force he could muster. His ass still stung every time his hips connected, but he closed his eyes and tried to focus on the strangely arousing fullness and constant pressure on his prostate. Just imagine it was Ziri taking care of you...

A moan escaped Cuthbert's lips and his hand drifted down to his own stiff prick, and within moments he stroked himself to climax. Still on his knees and still in front of countless cheering goblins, he painted the inside of his dress with a whorish oath and his contracting ass sent the goblin following quickly after. Compared to his wimper, Dragdalk's climax came in a roar and he felt the throbbing all through his intestines as an ungodly amount of seed was pumped directly into his stomach. It was shameful to say how good it felt to be stuffed full, but as he slumped forward he was satisfied to know he had at least survived the whole ordeal.

His head swimming, almost drunk with sex, Cuthbert looked up to find himself suddenly surrounded by a dozen guardsmen... and they were all openly masturbating. A clawed hand gripped a fistful of his hair from behind, yanking his head back until he felt hot breath on his ear. "Thought you could trick me?" Dragdalk hissed. "You'll get treated like the whore you are." The hobgoblin threw his head down, and with a shout the guardsmen jumped him like it was open season on his body.

Turns out Ziri wasn't completely off track, as these goblins were so sex-crazed that they couldn't coordinate and several ended up fighting each other. Those that could focus on the prone marksman pounced without hesitation, plunging dicks into his ass and mouth so fast he couldn't tell who was doing what. In their enthusiasm the goblins didn't last long, giving him his first taste of their incredibly potent seed. Goblin cum is so bitter! And the load was seemingly neverending, forcing him to swallow whole mouthfuls to avoid spilling any and potentially pissing off his captors. With nary a second to catch his breath, the climaxed goblin was pushed out of the way by another eager go-getter and stuffed any available hole they could find.

At one point he was picked up like so much a rag doll, the goblins showing their strength of numbers as they carried him bodily towards the throne. There Dragdalk had seated himself and was idly stroking his massive erection, enjoying the show his guardsmen were putting on, and they practically threw Cuthbert onto his mast. Legs on the armrests and his hands gripping the chair back, he was forced to make eye contact with the chieftain and his smug as fuck smirk while he automatically started to bounce his ass on his meat. "I hope you're not getting tired yet," Dragdalk idly mused. "My boys have so much energy to spend. Now turn around, I don't want you look at me." He obliged, riding the hobgoblin reverse-cowgirl and exposing his humiliation to the crowd in a whole new way.

He couldn't make out what kinds of revelry were going on in the larger crowd, but the guardsmen had been whipped into an even greater frenzy watching their boss violate the human. Some of them crowded around him and struggled for the use of his hands and others madly jacked off until they shot hot ropes onto his chest; a few even got so desperate to breed that they started wrestling amongst themselves, pinning and fucking each other with reckless abandon.

Desperate to focus on something to keep his sanity, he picked out one such pairing and watched them in action. One goblin, with a streak of red hair, tackled another one that was busy masturbating and struggled for a brief moment. The surprise was clearly all the leverage Red needed, for he made short work of pinning the other's hands behind his back until he squeaked defeat. The loser put up plenty of resistance when Red mounted him, but the look of shame was quickly replaced with a lolling tongue and dripping precum as he gave into being Red's bitch. At least Red was kind in victory and gave the other goblin a reach-around.

To his own shame he must've been getting into it, as he was riding Dragdalk's cock faster than intended. The chief dug into his sides with his clawed hands as he brought him to climax again, and he tried his best to not squirm from the pulsing and gurgling his guts felt. By now his stomach was sticking out as if he had eaten a full meal, he doubted he could take much more and he begged Dragdalk to just let it end already. In response the chief openly laughed at him, before casually pushing Cuthbert off his lap and he went spilling onto the floor.

The marksman was immediately flipped over onto his back and tackled with renewed vigor. His mouth was forced open by some invading goblin meat and several sets of hands held his legs open for his back end, but he was so exhausted he couldn't struggle if he wanted to. At least some kind or desperate goblin went to town on his own cock; first hands, then mouth, until he felt the full weight of someone sitting on his crown. Wish he could've seen the show, but his vision was constantly blocked by goblin testicles as he was mercilessly throat fucked. Feeling a cock slapping against his engorged stomach while someone rode him is what finally sent him over the edge, losing himself to the haze of pain and pleasure as he was turned into an outright cumdump until he blacked out.

...

He must not have been out for long, as when Cuthbert came to he was still on the stage next to the bonfire. Only instead of being surrounded by insatiable guardsmen, he looked up to see Ziri, Inyelw'n, and the two female goblins from earlier trying to rouse him. The look of concern on their faces said plenty about how he must've looked, but the goblin chief was back on his throne and looking bored. "Now... what do we do with you lot?" Dragdalk drawled. "I'm still owed children. Bah, leave me, I will decide in the morning."

Without a word of explanation Cuthbert was hoisted to his feet, a loud rumble from his stomach breaking the tense silence. Ye gods, he looked like he was pregnant! His cum-laden stomach strained the fabric of his dress, swaying under its own weight and making it almost impossible to balance. Each of his companions slung themselves under his arms to steady him, and they were shuffled out of the ring of light from the bonfire. It was only a short walk before the dark trees had absorbed nearly all sound from the gathering, and there they found themselves at the glowing mouth of a cave. "Ugh... what're we here for?" Cuthbert managed to slur out.
