 Note: Ctrl+F ~s~ to skip right to the action

*

The city of Ightwood was a bustling trade hub that, from the outside, looked like an uncoordinated explosion of civilization that had long ago outgrown its own foundations. From the inside denizens would use much more colorful vocabulary, words like 'dangerous,' and 'smelly,' and 'the bloated corpse of a twice-dead ogre.' The city was built into and out of a rocky cliff face that tumbled down to the shore, giving the multilayered structures a charming sawtooth look. At the bottom was the main trade connection of the docks at the shores of the Green Sea, although the sewage flowing out the lower levels gave the water an altogether different color.

After spending several days lost in the woods, it was the most beautiful place they had ever seen. The adventurers had been set back another day when Ziri had collapsed from exhaustion and they were forced to make camp, and despite their assurances the cleric was racked with guilt. At least she had gotten some rest and was no longer babbling quite so incoherently. Inyelw'n had kept mostly to herself, her nose in a book about magical theory that she had borrowed from Klivikx. The little goblin, meanwhile, had barely left Cuthbert's side and turned into a bashful, gibbering mess whenever either of the female companions spoke to him. That, plus the wheeled chest of alchemist tools and books Cuthbert wound up dragging, made him regret bringing the little runt along. Still, with his eyes on a warm bed the marksman couldn't complain, and they practically fell over each other trying to get through the gates of Ightwood. If he was quick he might even get a bed with Ziri...

"Empty womb, we don't have enough for even one good room," Ziri cursed to herself. They had checked several inns at the upper and middle levels, but the general price was well outside what little they had left.

"We will be okay once I sell some of these heirlooms," Inyelw'n consoled, indicating the bag of looted elven jewelry with a jingle. "But for tonight, two rooms with two beds and a shared bath should suffice." That was mostly said to reassure herself, as the royal elf examined the lodgings with an extremely dissatisfied eye. The Salty Siren was an inn on the lower side within spitting distance of the docks, and as such they stuck out amongst the clientele like... well, a fish out of water. Sailors and merchants glared at them from over their mugs, and the barkeep looked like an angry sea lion that wouldn't look directly at the group until they plinked down their remaining money for two rooms and four plates of food.

Seeing as how every shady corner was already occupied, they settled at a table under a window shaped like a porthole. The dining floor was dripping with nautical themes, complete with fish trophies on the walls and the entire establishment creaked like a ship at sea--although Cuthbert doubted it was intentional. The food was trash fish with stale bread, but enough beer and hunger makes anything bearable and he wolfed the meal down.

"I... guess I will eat in the room," Klivikx said, looking forlornly at his plate. Goblins had a shaky acceptance in society at the best of times, so to be safe the rogue elected to wear a disguise as they neared the city: a plague doctor's mask covered his face, he had pulled his hood up enough to hide his ears, and elbow-length leather gloves covered the majority of his remaining green skin. Effective enough that any passerby would just see a gnome with a taste for leather, and a female gnome at that--Klivikx had hips and a backside that would've been called breeding material on any woman, and even wore a corset just because he liked the feel. But the mask muffled his voice and made doing much of anything in public impossible, and Cuthbert had almost gotten used to seeing his dark, violet eyes staring at him. Staring at his food like that must have been torture and the marksman did feel a pang of guilt for him, he really did, but the looks Ziri and Inyelw'n were giving him clearly stated that he was expected to do something.

Cuthbert groaned when he realized that everyone had come to an unspoken agreement on the room pairings. "C'mon Kliv, I'm done so let's get this trunk up to our room and you can eat."

Up in the room the marksman laid out what little possessions he still had on the bed. He did his best to clean and repair the bow and chainmail, but he knew the latter would eventually need the attention of an expensive blacksmith. Klivikx, meanwhile, had thrown off his cloak and mask and was relishing in the exposure, airing out his big ears before he pounced on the food. It was almost cute, but when he finished the needy goblin was right back at the other's side and just would not give him any space, constantly asking if he could help or give a massage. Maybe he was just sour for not being able to spend the night with Ziri, but he had to wonder how Yolyu dealt with it.

With a creak the door to their shared bathroom opened and Inyelw'n poked her head inside. "I am going to sell these jewels and pick up some supplies. Come and help me, please." Cuthbert did so, not registering until it was too late that the duchess was talking to him like a servant, but before he could say anything Inyelw'n had already crossed their room and was walking out the door to the hallway.

Klivikx was, of course, right on my tail, but a sing-song voice from the other room said, "Oh Klivikx? Would you mind sticking around and helping me with something, please?" Klivikx looked like someone had gut-punched him, but with a stammer he stayed behind with Ziri while Cuthbert was dragged along as Inyelw'n's errand boy.

Okay, now he really was mad at the goblin.

...

After a moment's hesitation, Klivikx entered the bathroom to find that Ziri had already drawn and settled herself into the tub. His face flushed red and deepened in time to his thudding chest, but he managed to not fidget by merely refusing to look directly at the naked woman. Instead he tried to focus on everything else all at once, taking in the steamed windows, various toiletries, and the clawed feet of the tub in the middle of the room. "Y-yes, Mistress Ziri? What can I do for you?"

Ziri smirked at the bashful little man and said, "Well for starters, you can relax a little and tell me about yourself. Haven't had a chance to get to know you yet, and I just can't be traveling with a stranger." She meant it as a joke, but Klivikx seemed to recoil a little. Well, that was no fun. "Klivikx... do you not like me?"

The shock of the question was enough to make the goblin forget his embarrassment, and he met Ziri's eyes before blurting, "Of course not! M-master Cuthbert trusts you, so..."

"And what's with this whole mistress, master nonsense? You do know that we don't own you, right? Nobody owns you." Ziri couldn't deny that the title did actually warm her nethers slightly, but more so she wanted to make her new teammate feel at ease.

"It is, erm..." Klivikx's hand grasped open air as he searched for the word. "Polite? Is how I treated Mistress Yolyu."

Ziri shrugged and stuck one long leg out of the water to scrub it, causing Klivikx to remember his embarrassment and look away. "Well, if not me, is it just women? Nothing wrong with being gay." The goblin blinked at the apparently foreign word. "I mean, you only wanting to be with other men."

"I-I mean, it is not really what I want. I was just, um, not allowed to be near any of the mares. I could only service the soldiers."

Ziri chose to ignore the insensitive term and asked, "What, they didn't let you even talk to any female goblins besides Yolyu? That's awful! But no wonder you seem to like Cuthbert so much, then."

"Master Cuthbert is a hero, he did to my father what no one else could. And... he is very strong man. I hope I can service him soon." The little goblin's shame had been replaced with an almost dreamy look, along with a noticeable bulge in his leather pants.

The cleric chuckled at the crush and said, "Focus back over here, sweetie. You keep saying 'service,' what do you actually WANT to do? For you?" Klivikx just looked genuinely confused, so with a sigh Ziri explained, "Have you ever slept with a woman? Of any species, ever?"

"No, mistress."

"Do you want to?"

"Uh, i-if I'm asked to--"

~s~ "No no, do YOU want to be with a woman?" Ziri had folded her arms over the edge of the tub now, staring at the goblin with intensity. Maybe watching him squirm was a little fun, too. Eventually, Klivikx gulped and nodded. "Finally, some progress!" Ziri unplugged the tub with her foot and promptly stood up, causing Klivikx to stumble and quickly turn away. The cleric toweled off, put on a fluffy bath robe, and stepped behind her terrified teammate. "Klivikx? Turn around, please." He did, slowly, coming face-to-chest with the buxom woman. She had even leaned forward slightly, pushing her arms together so that her breasts were inches from his upturned nose. "Go ahead, touch 'em."

Klivikx flailed as if he had just been asked to hold a book of exploding runes, his blush deepening dangerously close to purple. "W-what!? But it's not p-proper to--"

Gosh, she shouldn't enjoy this so much. "Kliv honey, it's okay. I'm giving you permission. Go ahead, a nice young man like you should enjoy feeling up a nice, full pair of breasts." Klivikx had fully backed into a corner but Ziri never gave him any breathing room, and was now wiggling her chest enticingly at him. With shaking hands Klivikx slowly reached up and groped at her chest, not knowing how or where to grab but nevertheless eliciting a happy--if slightly exaggerated--moan from Ziri. "Oh my, aren't you eager... oop!" She squeaked when Klivikx's fondling became more frantic, his eyes squeezed shut and his hips thrusting slightly as some long-repressed animal instinct fought its way to the surface. When it seemed like he was about to accidentally claw her bathrobe up in his enthusiasm, Ziri gently grabbed Klivikx by the wrists and he looked up at her with wild eyes. "Come on, this is where you lead me to your bed."

Klivikx took Ziri's hand and led her into the men's bedroom--or rather, he tried to. The goblin's movements were jerky and unsure from all the pent-up lust and anxiety, and the poor thing almost tripped over himself twice in the short walk between rooms. When they got to the foot of the bed Klivikx turned to Ziri and fidgeted, clearly unsure what to do next and in a visible amount of discomfort. "Go ahead, take those constricting clothes off," Ziri instructed, eyeing Klivikx like an instructor while he tore at his leathers. Even with the cool façade she was trying to maintain, a gasp escaped Ziri's lips when the pants came off and an absolute monster of a cock unfolded itself and slapped against his chest. She knew that goblins were extreme breeders, but this... this manhood was nearly a third of the goblin's height and thick as his wrist!

Klivikx noticed Ziri's confidence falter and she hurried to recover, wiping a bit of drool that had managed to leak. "My dear boy, what a fine specimen you are. Now come here and undress me." The goblin lurched forward and stopped just as fast when Ziri held up a hand and said, "Ah-ah, slowly now." Klivikx listened, trying his hardest and failing to untie her robe's belt without shaking. After an awkward moment he finally managed to undo the knot and her robe fell to the ground, and his eyes nearly bugged out of his skull when he finally saw Ziri's naked form for the first time. The goblin froze, not daring to come closer, though a bead of precum formed on the swollen head of his glans. The cleric laughed, she couldn't help it. She had a waterfall of wavy auburn hair that fell to her back, a dusting of freckles that covered her face and shoulders, and bright hazel eyes that most would consider beautiful. On top of all that she had a build of curves and strength that could intimidate just about any man, but compared to the diminutive goblin Ziri knew she could pull off a convincing "Fe fi fo fum" chant if she wanted. Maybe he'd like that?

Ziri laid her hands on Klivikx's shoulders, the little goblin shaking like a deer at her touch as she laid him down on the bed. The poor thing was tense enough to bend steel and nearly climaxed when she ran a finger down his chest. "You goblins, all you know how to do is rut," Ziri teased. Moving down she encircled the mighty shaft with two fingers, loose enough that she was barely touching it. "You need to learn how to relax if you're going to please a woman, Klivikx." She began to jerk him with her feather-light touch, so agonizingly slow that the goblin was left to writhe in need. One tug, two, three, and a shudder shot through Klivikx as white goo was pumped all over his chest and face. He came already!

She let go and scolded the goblin. "Klivikx! How rude of you to cum before me! It's like you don't want to please me at all." She was even wagging a disappointed finger at him, and for all the horror the semen-covered rogue showed she may as well have kicked a puppy in front of him.

"I'm sorry, Mistress Ziri, I'm s-sorry! N-no one else has ever touched it..."

Ziri sighed and patted Klivikx on the thigh, saying, "It's okay, little one, I know you're just over-eager. But you'll never get anywhere if you don't work on that stamina. Now hold on..." She leaned over and rummaged through the alchemist chest until she fished out a length of red silk ribbon, showing it to Klivikx. Ziri told him to stay still with a firm voice and wrapped the ribbon around the base of his cock, tying it tightly into a neat little bow. Klivikx whined in pain as his cock swelled beyond his usual thickness, but he didn't move to stop her. "There we go. Now you don't touch that until I tell you, understand me?" Klivikx nodded. "Good boy. Next I want you to clean up this mess you made, understand?"

Klivikx nodded and a large pink tongue slid into view, lapping up every drop of cum he could reach. The rest of it was scooped up by his hands and eaten just as eagerly, the huge mess taking several moments to vanish. Ziri stood watching the whole time with a look of mild disapproval, though in reality she was fighting against masturbating to this little show. There's just something so sexy about anyone eating seed, especially their own... "Thank you for the meal, Mistress Ziri," Klivikx said, snapping the cleric back into focus.

"You're welcome, Klivikx. Now stand up." He did, wincing a little from the pressure. Ziri repositioned so she was sitting on the edge of the bed and opened her legs, showing off her sex to the goblin. "Do you want to fill up this pussy, little Klivikx?"

"Y-yes, Mistress Ziri." He couldn't take his eyes off it, leaving him to speak directly to her thighs.

"Now I want you to service me, and if you're a good boy I'll service you right back. Deal?"

"Yes mistress!"

"That's what I want to hear. Now come over here and eat me out, like a good boy."

The tension in the room abruptly paused. "Eat... you?" Klivikx asked, his head cocked.

Sigh. Do goblins have no concept for foreplay? "Come here, sweetie. Now stop, on your knees, good boy. And wrap your hands around my thighs..." Klivikx was obedient, albeit confused, and when he got into position Ziri grabbed a handful of black hair and guided his face into her snatch. "Now use your lips and tongue to pleasure me, and I better not see you touching yourself." Clearly, Klivikx had never heard of oral sex before, the poor thing had no idea what he was doing. But his enthusiasm made up for it, and he was very good at following directions. "Start with a kiss, that's right... mmm... Go ahead and stick your tongue in, drink me up... Use your whole mouth, suck on everything at once--eep! That's my clit, every woman's fun button. Focus on it, but be gentle... Oh yeah, juuuuust like that..." The instructions faded away to happy moans as Ziri leaned her head back and enjoyed herself. She had received much better head, of course, but he was so eager to please she could actually get into it. After a few minutes of tireless work, waves of pleasure washed over Ziri and her thick thighs clamped over the goblin's head in climax.

Klivikx was allowed to come up for air after he started to really squirm, face flushed and dripping with Ziri's honey. "That was... wow. Thank you, Mistress Ziri," Klivikx said with a smile, licking his face clean. Looks like he had finally relaxed, thank Freyja.

"Aha, thank YOU, Klivikx. Now come up here, sweetie." Klivikx crawled up onto the bed, and Ziri pulled him in for a kiss. It wasn't a kiss crazed with lust, but rather a slow and steady show of appreciation... at least, it was for Ziri. The goblin was still quivering with pent-up energy, his engorged cock smearing precum all over Ziri's stomach. Ziri broke the kiss to explain, "That was foreplay, helps get me ready. Plus it's fun, huh? And when you take care of me..." Ziri wrapped a hand around the goblin's shaft and guided it down until his crown was pressed against her folds. "...I'll take care of you. Now slowly, slowly..." Ye gods he was big, it would probably help if she untied Klivikx, but that little red bow looked too cute on his green skin.

To Ziri's great relief Klivikx didn't immediately lose his control, restraining himself to gently push until she opened up and he started to slide in. His fist-sized head spread her netherlips just below the point of unbearable pain, and Ziri had to stop Klivikx until she got more accustomed. To the goblin's credit he was focused entirely on his partner's reaction, stopping when she said and pushing more when she let him. A lifetime later Ziri felt the ribbon tickling her taint right at the same time Klivikx reached her cervix and her limit. Damn, and she was so close to taking the whole thing... Still, she gave a throaty moan and said. "Okay okay, that's all I can take, just rest here a second. So how does your very first pussy feel, Klivikx?"

The goblin rogue was a gibbering mess of overloaded sensations, but he managed to stammer out, "It f-feels perfect, Mistress Ziri! Thank you! Can I p-please start fucking, mistress?"

Ziri chuckled and said, "Yes sweetie. Start slow, like a good boy... ohhh, YES." Klivikx had pulled almost all the way out, leaving the cleric with an achingly empty hole, and the steady return thrust was such a perfect feeling of fullness that Ziri almost lost herself to the pleasure. But she was still in control, and reigned herself in enough to keep up the encouraging noises while she locked eyes with Klivikx.

Those violet eyes were staring at her with such single-minded focus that he had forgotten to shut his mouth, tongue lolling out and openly drooling on himself. "Here Klivikx, put that mouth to use." Ziri grabbed around the back of Klivikx's head and he followed without hesitation, the guiding hand pressing his face against her breast. "Now suck on me, use that tongue just like my clit, and wrap one hand around my back, and use the other to play with my other nipple... that's it, goooood boy." This is what she really needed, both nipples stimulated while getting filled to capacity, and with the goblin's focus on her body Ziri could close her eyes and really enjoy it. She kept up the show, but as the pleasure mounted her encouraging words became more mindless until they were both little more than grunting animals in heat.

At the end Ziri had wrapped both legs and hands around Klivikx, threatening to engulf the little goblin into her Amazonian curves, when the orgasm finally hit. "Oh Kliv, yes! YES! Breed your mistress like a good boy!" An earthquake of pleasure rocked Ziri, tensing her up and squeezing Klivikx with every muscle of her body. This forced Klivikx even deeper, bottoming out into the already sore pussy for the first time, and he yelled something out in response that was lost to the muffling teat in his mouth. The engorged dick swelled like a balloon as his own orgasm crashed down, filling Ziri with so much baby batter that excess seed splashed out and between their thighs with every pump. Klivikx might have been struggling or just convulsing, but Ziri was so lost in the heat welling up inside her she couldn't bear to let go. When she did come down from her lustful high she slowly unwrapped herself from Klivikx, who flopped to the bed boneless and panting.
