 "Honey. Have you seen the remote?" Amber asked. "I can't find it."

"The remote is in dock two." Honey, the house's artificial intelligence responded. "Domestic Unit Number One malfunctioned again I regret to say. I have ordered a maintenance review for today."

Amber looked as the dock for her ipod communicator. Sure enough there was the remote. "Honey. Tell them if they do not get it fixed I want an upgrade. This domestic bot has been nothing but trouble."

"Yes Miss." The AI answered.

"Messages please Honey."

"You have one from you mother." Amber winced. They are never fun. 

"Skip."

"You have one from Mr. Davis wanting you to see him urgently. One from you friend Craig from Australia and an apology from Delta Date. They have not found a guy for your specifications."

Amber reviewed the messages and had breakfast. As she did the wall changed, shimmered and started playing an ad for Cyberex's newest range of replica domestic units. "Tired of domestic bots that look like the came from an old 2d science fiction classic?" A square box on legs walked into the shot followed by an old round bodied mech. on three legs. "Why not upgrade!" The bots were replaced by a replicant model. This one female with curves that would have made a 2d actress feel inferior. "With the latest onboard processors, most reliable sensors and new simulflesh the N55 series domestic is ideal as a nanny model. And for a small fee she can easily be fitted with feeding bladders for the busy mother of today who wants her child to be breast feed."

Amber wasn't paying much attention. The commercial featured two other models one based on a handsome male form. "Now why can't they find me a guy like that?"

"Sorry Miss?" Honey asked.

"Sorry. Disregard. Just thinking out loud."

"Okay Miss."

The door bell toned. "Miss it is your driver."

"Okay Honey. Tell him I am coming now."

"Yes Miss." Amber stood up and picked up the latest in ipod's successful range before walking out.

An hour later delivery vehicle with Cyberex on the side pulled up. After a full diagnostic the old domestic bot was declared invalid and shut down. It's useful life over. Returning from the truck the tech dollies in a large box. Hooking it to the access port on Honeys main panel he synced it up to the AI.

"How can I serve you?" A soft, gentle male sounding voice intoned. "Domestic model s3x is online and fully operational. My designation is SAM069."

The box opened. SAM069 was a six foot tale masculine model. One of the first in the series. He, for lack of better, looked and sounded like a healthy male about mid thirties. Tall, slim, brown hair. Caucasian skin tones.

The tech left after downloading the new unit's instructions and override codes into Honey's main frame.

That night Amber came home to a neat tidy home. Everything where it belongs.

"Honey. Lights please." The lights come on. "Entertainment Channel Three please." The wall shimmered. That was when she jumped. "Intruder Alarm." Nothing. "Honey Alarm."

"No need Miss. No intruder is present. That is SAM069 your new domestic. They replaced the old model with an upgrade."

A little embarrassed, Amber looked again. The domestic unit had not moved. She walked closer. She could see the waxy synthflesh. They had considered using medical flesh but they focus grouped it and found that many were uncomfortable with the model appearing too human.

"Oh. Okay Honey." Amber replied as she studied the motionless robot. 

"My data banks contain full operational option instructions. Right now the data says it is waiting for voice printing and activation." Honey explained the procedure which included naming the robot. Amber followed the directions naming the unit Sam.

"Domestic Unit designated Sam now online. Cyberex would think to extend to you our thanks for your choosing this model. This model has many capabilities which may be activated if so desired by the use of codes on the supplied manual." Sam spoke in a clear human like male tone that was vastly improved offer past units that sounded tinny.

The coming weeks Amber was content to let operate in basic mode. It cooked and cleaned under Honey's ever watchful supervision. Sam performed flawlessly. Amber was so impressed she wondered at what other capabilities it had.

The manual was a long series oh computer files. Amber had Honey play them back one by one. Sam was not kidding. Domestic was just one mode. It could function as a personal assistant, a retail or commercial mode; even security and nursing mode. All fairly routine roles for a human. Though not many robots had the ability for more the most basic functions.

One weekend Amber was experimenting with Sam's mode files trying different options. Some were activity modes. Other personality modules. Amber had a few surprises with the personality as Sam imitated old actors, musicians and ethnic background styles.

On more than one occasion he had her laughing. Amber hadn't even noticed she had started calling Sam a him and not an 'it'.

On the Saturday evening after eating, Amber was again at the monitor. File XXX012569783.doc. This file is restricted. Use of this file is not recommended and the file has been disabled, flashing on the screen. To Amber that was a challenge. Telling her a file can't be accessed makes her more determined.

She started trying to open the locked file using all the most common decrypts. Nothing. Now it was personal. The put it on her system. It therefore should be accessible. 

Over the coming days Amber hacked away at the file. Then finally. "ACCESS GRANTED." She was in. Similar to the other doc files this one had Sam's designation and design details. One difference though Sam was depicted with out the uniform he is given to wear. It looked like before and after shots but they were identical. Or were they. Amber studied them carefully. That's when she saw it. The first one there were no genitals. Then second sported an impressive set of male genitalia.

"Wow." Amber said aloud as she scanned the document. As with other modes there are some codes to enter. The usual warning too.

Then a special one.

"WARNING! This mode has not been approved for use in a domestic situation. Installers are instructed to seal this file. Owners are asked to not use this mode at this time except commercially."

What followed was a very long activation code, more warnings and details of the capabilities this modification added.

Amber was fascinated. She had heard of sex clubs having domestic robots with special attachments and hacked operating instructions but this was beyond that.

Here was a man capable of giving pleasure as well as serving as a domestic. A walking, talking sex toy. But Sam needed to be activated to turn on the necessary equipment and software. The decision was hers. She did wonder briefly why the feature was so completely hidden.

There was no explanation for why the function was blocked.

That night was restless. Amber tossed and debated with herself all night.

Morning came and with it the decision to try the code. It was Saturday and she could be home all day. She wanted to see what happens.

Amber summoned Sam to the control panel and started following the instructions. "Sam."

"Yes Miss."

"Disrobe."

"Yes Miss." Sam soon was standing before her. His waxy complexion covering his whole body. She looked at him closely. His height of six feet two inches tall and if he was human he would be described as athletic build. Blue eyes chiseled chin. He would indeed be a handsome man. Amber snapped back to what she was doing.

"Sam. Code Accept On."

"Confirmed. Code Accept On." Sam Replied.

Amber read out the long activation code and had Sam repeat it as per the instructions. "Execute Code."

"Confirm Miss. Execute Code."

Amber was disappointed when nothing happened immediately. She re-read the instructions. She had missed the fact that the system then needed to reboot in order to run the new program. Sam normally rebooted when he recharged. "Sam. Recharge please." She instructed the still naked robot.

A recharge normally took eight hours and should not be stopped early except when there is an emergency. Amber cursed. She should have done this earlier. Should have done it last night in fact. 

Now she would have to wait.

While Sam recharged, Amber paced nervously. Doubt crept in. Did she do the wrong thing? Had she made a mistake?

The charging cycle finished and Sam came online. "New protocols installed. Processing. Warning you may override this install now. It is recommended that this install be aborted by the company of production. The company accepts no liability for loss or damage due to this upgrade."

Amber almost issued the abort but she had gone to far to stop now she thought. "Sam. Continue." She commanded.

The upgrades came online. Amber watched fascinated as Sam physically changed before her eyes. He developed all the necessary genitals for a man. They literally grew before her eyes first as a swelling then extending out to become a perfectly formed male penis complete with testicles. Amber's eye could not get any wider. He was perfect. Even his complexion seemed less cold and more human though still waxy.

Sam started to walk towards her. He seemed to be staring into her eyes as he approached. She sat there motionless unable to guess what he was going to do. Then he surprised her by bending to kiss her. His lips artificially warmed to simulate comfortable human skin. His whole body actually was being warmed to more closely equal the temperature of the human skin. She kissed him back. Taking her in his arms he lifted her up. He carried her easily to the bed room. Amber felt like she was in an old 2D love story.

Setting her down he started to undress her slowly. Agile robotic fingers making short work of her outfits fasteners.

The clothes pealed away easily. Naked, embarrassed to be seen by a robot who had seen he naked many times already, Amber instinctively covered herself with her hands. A man might have smiled at her sudden shyness. Sam just stared. He picked her up again. Her naked flesh pressed against his naked simulflesh. He carried her to the bed and laid her down. He got on the bed beside her his heavy frame moving with human grace.

He started kissing her, following a complex series of programming that monitored basic instructions and her responses. The AI then would adapt his programming to achieve the preprogrammed result. Amber, however, knew nothing of this. All she knew was he was making love like no guy she had met before. Soft, gentle. One hundred percent devoted to her pleasure.

Her hand found the newly formed penis and caressed it. She was surprised when it responded, stiffening and swelling in perfect simulation of the real thing. As she massaged this virgin penis, he began to feel her chest. The synthflesh running against her soft skin. His instructions said massage for thirty seconds then gently pinch nipple between thumb and forefinger. It detailed how much pressure and how ling for. Amber moaned in pleasure and Sam analyzed the responses. He determined it was pleasure.

Amber was indeed in pleasure, she had not had a man make love to her for a while and was relishing the sensations the artificial man was giving her. An artificial hand slipped to between her legs. Parting her lips and opening her up. A covered thumb rubbed at her clit. Soon Amber was screaming. Sam was using his detailed scanners and precision control to bring her from one orgasm to the next. She even notice his thumb had started to vibrate while he stimulated he. Amber was begging him, pleading with him to push into her but his programming said he had to wait until she had peaked. Her virgina not yet sufficiently lubricated enough for his new penis.

Wave after wave washed over her ripping cries of passion from her.

Finally his hands stopped moving and with drew. Coated in a sheen of sweat she gasped for air. She recovered slightly when she felt him at the entrance to her swollen and yearning sex. Pressure, He slipped in easily. Filling her and stretching her. Again sensitive components and detailed software regulated how hard and how fast he moved. Slowly he filled her expanding to fit her exactly. He drew back and started to move rhythmically and mechanically.

Amber could feel him deep inside her as the artificial member worked in and out. Feel his weight even though he was holding himself off her. As he moved he would bend in to kiss her and to nuzzle her neck. He molded to her perfectly.

Amber forgot almost completely, when she closed her eyes, that Sam wan a machine. The illusion almost perfect. Endlessly, Sam and Amber made love. His sensors let him monitor her vitals and he would let her excitement peak before the programming said she was at her limit and then he would stop; giving her time to clam a little before he started moving again.

One thing Amber had not counted on. Sam, not being human, did not experience orgasm. He would just keep going and going unto she could not take any more. One hour, two, Amber was nearing exhaustion yet Sam kept going. Finally drained, exhausted, Amber passed out. Sam stopped instantly and with drew. His programming said it was normal for the human female to rest in the arms of her lover after sex. Sam lay beside her as she slept.

Twelve hours later Amber woke. Sore, good aches flooding back. Sam's hard arm still wrapped around her waist. Her movement started the program again as he was programmed to do. He leant forward to kiss her on the back of the neck. Laying on their sides he shifted slightly and before she could react was back inside her. It looked like it would be a long day.

What was she going to do with a randy robot that's always ready for sex and barely gives her a moment to prepare...