 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 43: 'Massage'

"That was... refreshing." Selene admitted when she and Caleldir reached the bedroom after escaping socialization with the other party. "Doing the rituals and all, I mean. Not that crowd downstairs." She would have gone so far as to call it 'fun,' but not out loud and definitely not to Caleldir.

Caleldir let out a relaxed sigh as he leaned back in a chair by the fireside. "I very much enjoyed working with you, Selene." He said honestly. "By myself, I am quite weak, but with your strength, together the two of us can do pretty much anything. So, I would like to thank you." He gave her a lopsided smile. "We will have to be sure to train up our daughter - I can call her our daughter, right? - to be a powerful magus in her own right. With her ancestry on both sides, she should be among the greats."

Selene gave Caleldir a haughty smirk. The expression only intensified when he went on to say that their daughter could be one of the greats. "You may call her our daughter, I suppose." She allowed. 

A slight smile crossed Caleldir's face. It was nice that the prickly drow would allow him to be a father. "We will certainly do our best to make sure she does not inherit my unfortunate complexion at least." He joked. Then, he dropped the veil and began to be surrounded by that faerie glow. "Of course, we will insure that she gets my peerless good looks." He said, only half-joking.

Selene then hesitated, as if trying to decide what to do with herself. What she really wanted was... fuck it, Selene did what she wanted, Caleldir's opinion be damned. She sat down on the floor in front of the fire. "You should come down here and give me one of your massages." Selene told him in a voice that brooked no argument.

Selene's order took him slightly by surprise, but he swiftly complied. "Of course, milady." He said with solemnity. Kneeling on the floor behind her, Caleldir rubbed his hands together before placing them on her shoulders. For a moment, he simply left them there, before he started artfully kneading her back. Of course, he was not the best at this, but working in some small bit of his charm magic would allow him to overcome that experience deficiency.

The younger drow let out a happy sigh when she felt his hands begin to knead at her flesh. It wasn't precisely the massage she wanted from him, of course. His hands were what she really wanted, and the good feelings he could channel through them. It was a good, dignified excuse to ask for him to caress her. Her clothing melted from her body to allow him unimpeded access to her flesh. She pulled her hair, which she had since let loose from the confines she'd put it in for the ritual, away from her back.

"You're going to have to get used to doing this." She told him idly. "Last time I was pregnant I had a lot of back pain near the end." He couldn't see this, but she bit her lip at the thoughts that came unbidden to her mind when she thought upon her last child. Even a drow could feel a mother's love - it was perhaps the only love they knew - though it was a perverted, self-absorbed thing.

"I think I can resign myself to that horrible fate." Caleldir said with a twinkle in his eye. "I will be sure to keep your back in excellent condition. Which, I can feel that it is right now." He continued his massage on her dark skin, savoring its smoothness. She did have quite a beautiful back and shoulders, just like the rest of her.

The pain in her heart propelled her to turn around to face Caleldir, though his hands had barely been on her for a few minutes. She placed a hand on his face to get him to look her in the eye and hold his gaze. "This one will live past thirty." Selene told him ardently. The words were more for her benefit than his. Perhaps if she convinced someone else, she could then convince herself.

Caleldir was taken somewhat off his guard. She seemed so very serious, and it was quite rare that she would put a hand to his face like that. He met her eyes with a steady expression. Oh dear. He had heard that Selene had had a daughter that had been purged, and apparently her deceased progeny was foremost in her mind. Understandably so. "I will insure it." He said with equal firmness. "And I know about cheating death. You have nothing to worry about." 

Selene took a deep breath, and the intensity of her gaze melted from her features just as her breath slowly escaped her lips. Yes. He would know how to cheat death. Surely he would be able to stop any lasting harm from coming to their daughter. That was part of the reason why she was even letting him be so intimate with her instead of ignoring him as she might have done before learning of her pregnancy. If she could kindle this strange surface world's concept of a father's love for his child in Caleldir, then she could be sure of his protection. She would admit to herself no further connection to Ashyr's mate. For love, if found, was something to exploit. 

The drow then turned back towards the hearth to let his hands continue to rove across her shoulders and back. "They destroyed her, body and soul." She whispered as she stared into the fire. "Made sure that she was utterly beyond me, even while I watched." Her hands fell to her stomach to cover the dark flesh protectively. 

Although Caleldir did his best to continue his careful loosening of Selene's back muscles, as she spoke about what the Duskhaven's had done to her daughter his hands began to shake with anger. So, they were so determined to be evil that they used necromancy to prevent the poor girl from ever being brought back. That was cruelty without reason. He despised those cruel without purpose. "I promise that they will pay." He said grimly. "For justice demands that such crimes cannot go unpunished." He sighed. 

A grim smile formed upon Selene's lips when Caleldir promised that the Duskhaven males would pay for their crimes. She liked the grim tone in his voice, and the way she could feel the subtle tremble of anger as his hands pressed against her flesh. There was a passion there that she, too, felt. It deepened the sort of... kinship she began to feel between the two of them. What could be a better way to unite people than with mutual pain and outrage? Selene's very drow mind could not think of a more effective way.

Then Selene leaned back again, and Caleldir protectively wrapped his arms around her. Sometimes, he forgot how small and slender she really was. He put a small kiss on her hair. "But let us not think of them right now. Rather, let us enjoy this little bit of time we have alone together."

"Yes." She agreed. There was something that she knew for a fact would take her mind off such terrible thoughts. Both of her hands grabbed at both of his. The left one pulled his hand up her body to one of her breasts. The other made him run his fingers through her womanhood. Despite the awful subject they had been discussing, her body had reacted favorably to the feel of his hands on her body and the promise of justice on his lips.

"Pleasure me." It was not quite a demand, but it was clear from Selene's voice that she didn't expect refusal.

Well, this was not a surprising turn of events. Caleldir was rather overdressed for this, though. His clothed melted away, and he pulled her onto his lap. "As you wish, my mistress." He whispered breathily into her ear. His right hand began circling around her left nipple, more teasing than anything else, but his left fingers were definitely not teasing. No, using their newly learned skill with such things, he worked his charm magic into them and slid inside her, working her clitoris with delicately forceful movements.

Selene purred against Caleldir. There was nothing quite like that charm magic that he could channel through his touch. She pressed her body into him in a rolling, sinuous motion that also pushed her breast more firmly in his hand. One of her arms came up to caress the back of his neck, the other shifted to her breast that was not being manipulated by him. She was warmed by the heat of him and the heat of the fire to the point where she felt languidly relaxed. Somehow the arousal that she also felt was not at odds with that relaxation. 

The way that Selene arched into him made Caleldir decide to drop the teasing and go more for the forceful groping that she seemed to want, rolling her fleshy orb in his hand, getting a good feel for it. Of course, his other hand was even busier, pushing two fingers deep inside her, and using his thumb to rub the outside. The way her ass moved in his lap, well, try as he may, he could not keep his arousal down even if he wanted to. Of course, recently that sort of thing had stopped bothering him like it once would have. So instead of drawing away in embarrassment, he gave her pointed ear a teasing, breathy lick before slowly kissing his way down the nape of her neck and along her shoulders.

The feel of his turgid dick against her was a more than welcome sensation. It was always nice to feel someone's arousal against her flesh despite themselves. By this time she knew that Caleldir wouldn't fight how much she turned him on. Perhaps that made it all the better, knowing how adamantly against this he had been at the beginning. She began very lightly shifting so that her hips rubbed against his hardness. Other than that, she gave no sign of letting him have relief just yet. Selene was enjoying this far too much to properly move.

In fact, she was enjoying it so much that she felt the closeness of that familiar and wonderfully welcome build toward orgasm take hold of her body. "Lolth, Caleldir - don't stop; I'm-" But her body finished before her words could. Her breath caught in her throat and her sex clamped down upon him. After a few seconds, her breathing began anew. That deliciously warm feeling she had only strengthened in the wake of her orgasm.

It was not surprising that Selene would chose to shift her hips a bit to purposely stimulate his cock that little bit more, but otherwise pretend not to notice his arousal. It was a very Selene thing to do after all. Eh, he did like that about her. It would still be fun to sometimes pretend that he was her unwilling slave, but sometimes it was also nice to just hold her like this. If 'this' could be possibly counted as 'just holding her'. She was as easy to take to orgasm as ever, though. He could feel it more than hear her, the way she shuddered and gripped down on him was a pretty clear indication, after all. 

"Don't stop what?" He asked innocently once she began breathing again. Of course, he had stopped, or at least temporarily halted, since the feeling of a nude woman convulsing on his lap drove his concentration away a bit. But since she had not told him anything new (and he was pretending to be her slave and all...), well, he would continue doing what he was doing. Sliding up and down her body, his two hands switched places, his left hand rising to her chest, and his right going down to her thighs. Knowing that she was quite sensitive at the moment though, he did not go for her womanhood, instead just stroking the insides of her thighs.

When Caleldir heard the door open, his head snapped away from Selene's neck to see who had entered. He sighed with relief. Just Ashyr and Althaia. They would not really mind seeing him in flagrante delicto or however that phrase went. "Good evening." He said wryly, his hands stopped but not removed. He did hesitate though. The sudden arrival of more people had caused him to lose some of that sexual initiative. He still was not completely comfortable with being watched, as silly as that was.

Selene looked over to her cousin and Althaia when she walked in, but otherwise seemed intent on following the advice of ignoring them. She had absolutely no qualms with having sex in the same room as people who weren't participating. She shifted herself around on Caledir's lap until she was facing him, straddling him. Her hips rubbed her clit against his cock with delicate motions that even still sent electric shocks through her sex. It was not yet in her plans to engulf him. No, she wanted to tease, to feel that little bit of power she had over him.

On the floor, Caleldir was finding himself distracted from his brief awkwardness by Selene's sudden shift in position. Due to the difference in height, even sitting on his lap, legs wrapped around his waist, Selene's face was not much more than even with his, allowing him a good view of her deeply red eyes, strangely reflecting the blue in his own. He shuddered against the way that she rubbed her pussy along his shaft. He did so want to be inside her, but he was still a stubborn fellow. So, he would endure her teasing, as maddening as it could be. 

"You heard what they said." The younger drow murmured at her captive. "Ignore them. They don't matter." Then she pulled his face to hers to kiss him deeply, languidly. Her tongue casually pressed itself into his mouth even as her hips continued that tantalizing, not quite satisfying roll.

"Of course, milady." He said gravely once the kiss had ended. He moved his hands from her waist, where they had ended up during the shift in her position, and up to just beneath her elbows, where he could press just a little against the sides of her breasts. Of course, he could not seem to be too eager. That would interrupt their long standing game. "But doing this in front of others is most improper..." he solemnly protested.

"I think you forget who you're talking to." She responded. "You remember when our child was conceived." Ashyr had been made to watch, and to struggle powerlessly against her own sexual frustration. Selene had reveled in it even as her heart had burned with the betrayal she'd thought she'd seen in her most trusted older cousin. This time was very different of course, but still evidence that she not only didn't mind being watched - she liked it. It was a trait that both cousins shared.

"How could I forget?" Caleldir whispered to her. That particular memory had been growing fonder the farther he was from it. Which was unhealthy and the basis for all his distressing kinks, but oh well. Among those kinks was indeed a liking for being watched, but that was one that he had not yet admitted to himself. So he was slightly disappointed that their audience so soon dropped off to sleep, or seemed to at least.

She took a sort of sadistic amusement in the face that Caleldir could recall that event without much negative emotion on his face or in his voice. How far she had made him fall. She and Ashyr, of course, but she had been the one who'd tipped him down that slippery slope of pleasure. Both drow liked him better for it. The way he had been before had been baffling at best, heartbreaking at worst.

It was rather annoying, in a way, to see Selene's reaction to his recollection. She just seemed so... satisfied about his corruption. It irked him in a way, but there was no helping it now. He understood better why the monks said that sex was a distraction: it was certainly distracting him more and more recently. Of course, sex was something that sought him out whether he liked it or not, so his situation was rather unique.

That thought aside, he could not hold against her teasing for long. He did not know if she wanted him to make a move though, Selene was funny like that. So he simply began to shed his veil, gradually, bit by bit, waiting to see how she would react.

"Your veil is slipping." Selene accused when she realized what was happening. She often had that irresistible urge to sexually maul him when she caught sight of his true beauty. Even now it was almost enough to spur her to finally engulf him and ride him until their minds fell into oblivion. She also took it to mean that his own will was slipping - or something like that. Selene's jaw pulsed with the effort of it, but she managed to keep shifting her increasingly wet womanhood against him at that teasing pace. If his will was eroding now, she would only have to wait a little while longer. Oh, but her body now ached for him to fill her.

"If you want it, you're going to have to ask nicely. Then I might consider it." The pregnant drow breathed into his ear. Her hand brushed across his chest and playfully flicked at one of his nipples.

"I know." Caleldir said cheerfully. She may suspect that he was doing it on purpose. With the way that she was becoming increasingly damp, he could tell that she was nearing the end of her resistance. He could almost certainly outlast her, if he wanted to. But he had nothing to prove to her anymore. No, he was at her service, and was in the mood to indulge her whims. But though he could ask nicely, begging was against his nature. He would simply have to seduce her a little more. 

And so, he wrapped his arms around her back and pulled the drow close to him. Licking along her pointed ear, he whispered into it. "I need you, Mistress Selene. Please sate your hunger upon me."

Selene trembled almost imperceptibly when she felt his tongue against her ear, and the whispered words that followed. Lolth, that was damn well good enough. She would need a lot more time getting used to that faerie face of his in order to properly resist taking him for long. 

Finally, she pushed him back to the floor with slightly more gentle motions than if they were on the bed together. Selene wasn't really in the mood to hurt him, not this time anyway. She let him shift into a more comfortable position before positioning herself just above his swollen head. Her hips undulated again, this time to more thoroughly coat him with her wetness and to make him gasp with pleasure and need. From there it was smooth and easy to press herself down. The look of pleasure on her face was almost pained as she very slowly lowered herself. He let out a lengthy breath that coincided rather neatly with her movement. She did not impale herself completely; there was a good gap to leave room for Caleldir to thrust upwards.

"Now fuck me." The drow ordered. She had no intention of doing it herself - that seemed too much work at the moment. Selene was willing to let Caleldir have that modicum of control. Her body pressed against his to give her mouth access to his neck and collarbone, which she kissed and nibbled at lightly. It had the added benefit of getting to feel his lithe body work under her.

Caleldir stifled a smile. If Ashyr wanted him to do most of the thrusting, she would have him on top. But Selene pretty much always wanted to be in the dominant position with him, for whatever reason. Which was fine: he like that about her. "As you command, my lady." He whispered. And so he did. Putting his hands to her thighs to steady her, he began thrusting up into her. But with her pressed against him like this, he could not really buck her up as much as when she was riding him, and so he had to squirm and shift, varying the angle a bit more.

Selene purred under her breath. She liked that fact that he had to work at it to properly move inside her. It was true that the penetration would not be as complete, but the expanse of naked skin pressed together made it more than worth it. Somehow it seemed such a waste to not fully enjoy his body like that; despite his pale flesh, Caleldir was by far the most beautiful male she'd ever been with. Not just his face - his everything was near perfect. Elves were beautiful, sure, but combined with nymph blood there could be no competition.
