 Darien signed up for the experiment, when he arrived he was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to conditions of the test. 

He touched the screen. It lit up and after asking for his personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description that he was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on his body. Darien clicked the understand button and it went on to inform him that he would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes he would have to be naked. Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' 

Darien clicked agree, and read that the exit door would lead him to the options room and from there he would be able to select what environment he wanted to test. His clothing would be on other side and then he would be required to fill out a short simple survey about his experience. There were safeguards and he would never be in any danger. 

He opened the door seeing a wide range of doors in front of him. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. He walked along the doors noticing a balance of red and blue lettering, and several in gray. He went back to the beginning focusing on blue letters and touched a door that said D: Dark. He had been afraid of the dark as a child and felt a tremble go down his spine as the neutral voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Darien stepped into the darkness, his eyes quickly adjusting to the dim lighting of what appeared to be a mausoleum. He stepped carefully, the air was chill and he swore he could hear someone watching him. He wished he had a flashlight or something as he stepped on unseen soft moss and other things he didn’t wish to think about. 

It was creepy in here and he could feel his pulse racing, and was imagining all sorts of things that could be hiding in the dark. Could they see him, even though he couldn’t see them? 

Darla was cloaked in black and was monitoring his responses. She had excellent night vision and preferred working at night. His heartbeat was rapid, and his breathing shallow. She puzzled over the readings, until she realized he was scared. She wanted to reassure him, to make him feel at home in the dark as she was. “Relax,” her throat was dry and the words came out as a hiss of sound.

“Whose there?” he nearly jumped out of his skin as he turned to the sound. There deep in the shadows he thought he could make out the outline of a figure.

His body tensed, his blood pounding in his veins, feeling the adrenaline rush through his body. He watched as she emerged from the shadows. She was cute, he thought, petite and clad in a form fitting black garment. 

She smiled, forgetting about how her vampire like teeth affected people. 

Darien’s eyes went wide as she flashed her white teeth, seeing the sharp canines. He wasn’t supposed to be in any danger, his body responded even as he knew she wasn’t real, was she? His mind asked as she stepped closer and closer. 

Damn, she cursed herself, when she had signed on for this; she had not considered all the potential for shit like this to happen. He was frozen like a deer caught by headlights.

“Do you know the way out?” his voice crackled with fear and he wondered why he could feel his cock against his belly.

She hadn’t looked at him very closely and now she found her eyes running over him. He must be a business executive, he was well-built and just beginning to go soft. She liked that in a man, and her eyes delighted on his thick cock, jutting up from between his legs. She was compelled to reach out and touch it. 

Darien knew she was real the instant she touched his dick. He wondered what he had signed up for, but didn’t really care at this moment as her fingers wrapped around it and her lips licked his neck. Every muscle in his body was tense with anticipation and need. Fear was mixed with desire, coursing through his blood.

Darla felt free from her normal role and played on his arousal, and how she must appear to him. Her fingers caressed the shaft, feeling every pulsing vein, the tip wet with a few drops of pre-cum. She fed his fear and desire and she licked his neck, feeling his pulse jump as her teeth grazed the skin. She heard his moaned cry and she kissed her way down his body. Letting her teeth rake the soft skin of his belly. Hearing him hiss as he breathed in. She pulled his cock away from his body, noticing how it was throbbing with desire. She licked the tip tasting the evidence of his desire. Darla wasn’t sure what was coming over her as she licked the shaft. 

He was in shock he thought, and undoubtedly delusional, as he felt her tongue slide against his sensitive skin. Then again how would he know how her sharp teeth would feel grazing the skin of his cock as she began sucking. It was the most amazing sensation as he just gave in to her touch. He felt no need to urge her on; she was just amazing in her ability to make him feel like he was the only man in the world. 

She reluctantly let his cock go, in her past guys had shied away from her mouth in every way. It had been easy to tease him, and she now looked at his pulsing slick cock. She wanted him, and she blushed as she had broken a cardinal rule. He had not verbally agreed to allow her touch him sexually.

“Don’t stop,” he whispered as darkness surrounded him, and then faded away as he opened his eyes. He was finally able to move as he watched her unzip her outfit and step out of it. He moved towards her, his large soft hands roaming over her pale, almost translucent skin. He felt as if his senses were razor sharp, as he pulled her body to his. He could think of nothing else but how much he wanted to be enveloped by her. He felt her dainty hands fit his cock against her. Darien was lost in the sensation of her smooth slick pussy surrounding him. 

Darla surrounded him, she was a little surprised at how ready she was and how he let her take him in at her own pace. Her legs wrapped around him, feeling his hands cup her firm ass, holding her there. She let her teeth scrape his neck and felt him stumble forward until she was pressed against a cool smooth wall.

He was out of control, as he let her use him, felt her teeth graze his neck. He moved forward unsteadily finally hearing her body connect with the wall and he begin sliding in and out of her. He latched onto one of her pink perfect nipples and sucked for all his worth. 

She was stunned at how little it took to set her off, normally it was lots of foreplay, slow intercourse, and then she was lucky to get off once. There was something about him and she surrendered herself to the feelings and once she did that her body felt truly alive. She was shocked as her pleasure over took her and she bit his shoulder, drawing blood.

He grunted and switched to her other nipple as he felt her body clench him, and her teeth sink into his shoulder. He had never felt so intensely in touch with his animal instincts as he felt himself flow into her.

Suddenly silence overwhelmed her, and her legs let go. She felt weak, unable to move as she felt him slowly pull back and she looked at the mark she had left on his shoulder. “Yes, I know the way out,” Darla stated in response to a question he had asked an eternity ago. She took his hand and placed it on the wall, guiding it until it reached the door handle. She slipped away, her body felt empty even as she could feel the warm cum inside her. She gathered her costume and headed for her exit door.

The door opened with the slightest push and he heard the neutral computer voice saying, "Thank you for participating. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey." He laid down on the floor, seeing his clothes neatly piled on a chair. He was tired and he stretched out and took a catnap. He woke up feeling refreshed, the memory of the experience still vivid in his mind. He stood up and touched his sore shoulder. She had certainly dug her teeth into him. He smiled as he decided it meant she had been out of control. He glanced down noticing his cock was half hard already. He noticed a small basin of water and a washcloth. He took the time to clean his shoulder and his dick before dressing.

He finally looked at the screen and tapped the next button. He wanted too know who the mysterious woman had been. Though even if he never saw her again, he had no regrets.

'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' He selected, 'I want to do it again.'

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. He selected yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' A keyboard appeared on the screen for him to type a response. Darien knew right away and rapidly typed, ‘The Observer.’

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you. She also enjoyed the experience."

He quickly said, “Yes.” He watched as a door slide open and the petite woman walked out. Her hair was a rich mahogany color, her skin pale as he remembered. 

Darla had been unsure he wanted to see her as she waited for him to fill out the survey. It had seemed to take forever and she felt nervous as the door opened. 

She looked normal, and he wondered how much had been his imagination, filling in the details in the dark. He wasn’t sure what to say as he stuck out his hand, and decided to introduce himself, “Darien.”

“Darla,” her knees felt as if they would buckle at any moment as her small hand was engulfed in his. 

“It’s nice to meet you,” he whispered feeling totally exposed in the well lit room. He raised her hand to his lips and kissed the soft pale skin. Words seemed awkward in his mouth and he pulled her to him. They had not kissed, and now he craved the intimacy of her lips upon his.

She lifted her chin looking at him as she stood in front of him their bodies kept from touching by layers of clothing that seemed so unnecessary. 

“Yes,” she answered to all the questions unsaid as her lips pressed to his.