 Chapter One: Night Break

"Great game man, we really showed them how to play," Justin said as he slapped Dade on the back, "You really showed them with that flag capture, great job." He watched Dade, knowing quite well what tomorrow was, and he was just trying to cheer his friend up.

"Thanks, yeah, it was great," Dade finally spoke up, but he showed little emotion about the win. "You know, its just, tomorrow—its been two years man." He took out cigarette from the pack in his pocket, lighting it up, and walking slowly down the trail. 

"I know, I know. If you need anything dude, you know you can always hit me up." Justin packed up his paintball gear, facing the opposite trail. Dade and Justin had been playing paintball together for years now, and they are well known amongst the state locals. Two years ago Dade's mother died in a car accident, his step father was driving drunk, and he walked away perfectly fine.

"Yeah, I know, thanks. I think I'm just going to rent some movies from Blockbuster and veg out for the day," he began walking down the trail through the woods, yelling back to Justin, "We're still up for next weekend right? We need to get ready for the preliminaries."

"Damn Dade, do you even need to ask? I have already taken off work," Justin laughed, beginning a slow sprint down the trail. "Later bro, I'll give you a call tomorrow."

Dade started walking down the trail, it was a good half an hour walk, but he never minded it too much. It allowed him to reflect on everything, and some time to go through a few smokes. He was on his fourth cigarette when he heard some rustling in the bushes a few hundred feet off to the right of his trail. A loud scream followed with some arguing in what had to be another language, one that Dade didn't recognize, but he started sprinting towards the ruckus. 

Dade's mother had forced him to go to martial arts classes when he was a younger kid, right after he encountered his first bully. When he came home, beat up and bloodied, immediately the next afternoon his mother brought him to a Karate school. After his mother died, he made a promise to himself that he would finish and get his black belt, which he had done not a month prior.

The screaming grew louder as Dade approached, because the sun had just set a few minutes ago, an eerie orange color filled the forest. He finally saw what he was looking for, five men were standing around a bound fair skinned woman. Dade slowed up as he got closer, thinking of what his approach should be, but when he saw the blades the men were holding he did not hesitate any longer.

"Hey, you guys, what the fuck do you think you are doing?", Dade screamed, running full sprint towards the group of men. The five men turned around in unison, they were wearing gray cloaks, and hoods that shielded their faces from the outside. As he approached, Dade saw the other four men drawing their weapons—they all seemed to be carrying similar weapons.

The first went down without much trouble, suffering a swift kick to the jaw, but Dade moved into a defensive position as the four surrounded him. He moved as quick as possible, parrying the attacks from two of the men, and throwing a roundhouse kick towards one of the assailants. As another plunged at Dade from the front, he grabbed him by the arm and flipped him over on his back, disarming him. Dade planted his foot hard into the man's chest as he lied on the ground, a loud grunt escaped his mouth. One of the two remaining fell back as the second started a failed attack attempt. He was quickly taken down by a kick to the abdomen, and an elbow into his upper back.

At this time, Dade stared down the single remaining man, and he started to stride towards him. What came next was never expected, he heard a simple rhyming pattern of words (although he did not understand them) a black energy orb hit him square in the chest. Dade felt his breathe slow, and his muscles weakened immediately. He was writhing on the ground as the world around him came into a slow blur. The man stood over him, reaching down and grabbing a blade from the ground, moving towards the bound woman. 

An arrow hit the remaining man in the chest, a second in the upper back, and a third through the back of his neck. Three, in similar clad, strode over the hill towards the woman and unbound her. Dade struggled to move, watching the scene in front of him unfold as his senses failed him. He began to hear the chatter of an unknown language once again.

"Naiara, we must make haste. The portal could close any minute," the tallest of the three archers said. He helped the woman up and began to stride in the direction they came from, not once giving a glance towards Dade, whom was trying to call out to them for help.

"No, Lathir, we must take him! He was poisoned, for sure he will die out here!", Naiara yelled, running over towards Dade who could barely make out her face. "You, both of you, grab him. Make haste." She began a full stride behind her brother, and entered the glowing portal. The two men followed behind her, just before the portal winked from existence.

************************************************

The world was spinning around him when he opened his eyes, and he leaned over the bed puking. Dade took a few minutes in this position, regaining his bearings, before he took a good look around the room. The room was bare except for a single dresser across from the bed he was lying in, hand carved it seemed, and very old. A heaven oak door was closed to the right of the bed, and he spotted the open window. A soft breeze came in, filling the room with the sweet smell of spring flowers. 

He looked down at himself as he stood up from the bed, and suddenly realized that he was not wearing anything except his boxers. He searched the room as well as he could; the dresser, under the bed, by the window, nothing. It seemed whomever had taken him here, also took his backpack and clothes. He moved towards the door, opening it just a crack to peer outside.

There was a guard on watch outside of his room, although it did not help that he was slumped over in his chair sleeping. Dade decided against going out the door, and instead, moved towards the open window and peered outside. He could not believe his eyes, he was on top of a large hilltop, overlooking what seemed to be thousands of trees varying in colors and shape. He stared down the fifteen foot drop, and draped his legs over the ledge making the drop a little less dangerous.

Dade touched the grass softly, and started to make a break for the village at the bottom of the hill. He avoided the path down the hill, and ended up falling head over feet down the hill. The daylight had just broken over the horizon of the mountains to the eastern border, and birds began chirping their songs of spring morning. He recovered from the fall quickly, and moved towards the empty village.

"Everyone must be sleeping. I need to figure out where the hell I am," he thought, searching for any sign of a gas station, or anywhere he could get a map from. Dade stopped dead in his tracks as two guards spotted him, they began a steady pace towards him. He took this time to take in exactly what they looked like. 

The two of the guards were dressed similar, they both were wearing blue leather shirts and pants. There was a white crest embroidered each of their shirts, and they both carried long bows. Dade could not believe his eyes, he stared at these two men, taking in their features. Both were fair skinned, although one was a little darker than the other, and they both had silver eyes. Their hair stopped just past their shoulders, and was a bright blond color. But what caught him off guard was the ears, both had long ears that ended in a point.

"Elves. Holy shit, they're elves," he said aloud, backing up slightly as these two approached him. They spoke in that same language, the same one that he remembered from a few nights prior, soft sounding but almost song-like. They both grabbed him by either arm, and began walking up the hill looking around to make sure nobody is watching. Dade made his move, grabbing the long bow from one of the elves and swinging it by the shaft striking the opposite on the back of the head. He knelt down and grabbed the other shaft, wielding both bows like they were swords.

The elf yelled loudly just before Dade cracked him across the head, and knocking him unconscious in the process. He hesitated for only a moment, running towards the mountains to the east in full stride—wearing nothing but his boxer shorts—and trying to wake himself up the whole time. He could not believe what was happening to him, and he was just waiting for the punch line, for a friend to step out from behind a house, a tree, a building, but that was not going to happen. This was real.

A horn sounded behind him, and slowly groups of elves appeared from nowhere in front of him. He slowed his pace now, breathing heavily, still awkwardly wielding the long bows. The elves readied their bows, but stood their ground not firing a single shot. He turned around and saw a group of three running towards him—through his blur of a memory, he could remember the one from that same night. He was carrying a lance, and the other two were carrying rope. As the approached they spoke in elvish, laughing loudly at the sight of Dade.

"The creature wears nothing but undergarments. He wields bows as if they were two sword," Lathir said, the other two laughed louder. "Take this slow, my sister wants him not harmed." Lathir stood back as the two approached Dade as if he were a wild steer, holding out these ropes between their hands. Lathir walked forward holding the lance towards Dade, so he could not run forward.

Dade spoke, although not sure if they would understand, but he needed to strike fear in these men, "Stay back! I know fight!" The two stopped for a second and looked at each other, but continued their walk down. Dade moved into a defensive position, holding out both of the shafts to either side of his body. Lathir pushed the lance towards him as the two moved in, and in a quick turn Dade hit both of them hard, but just knocking them slightly off balance. He took this opportunity to hit one in the side of the head with a roundhouse, and following up with a knee to the abdomen on the other. They both fell ground holding themselves.

Lathir stared down Dade, amazed at what he was able to do with two of his best men, but gripped the lance with two hands now. He started to move towards Dade, making stabbing motions in order to get him further back, but Dade was prepared for this. As Lathir stabbed at Dade, he threw one of the bow shafts towards his head, forcing Lathir to parry. Dade grabbed at the lance with his free hand, swinging the second shaft and striking the elf in his ribcage. He pulled the lance from Lathir's hands as he leaned over, winded from the strike. Dade planted a firm kick to the elf's chest, putting a foot on his chest and pointing the lance at his neck.

The dozen or so archers around Dade and Lathir took aim, Dade looked around knowing good and well that they would not miss. He looked down at Lathir, his only bargaining chip, and put the tip of the lance to the side of his throat. Dade heard a faint voice in the distance, and the archers lowered their bows as the person approached the situation. Dade recognized the female from that night, he had saved her from being attacked, and he hoped she would return the favor.

"Disengage your weapons, the creature means no harm," the female spoke, although Dade not understanding one word. He took the time to take in her full beauty. Naiara stood a little shorter than himself (tall for an elven female), her hair was a light blond color and was decorated with flower petals. She had a body that seemed to be given to her by a goddess, firm breasts, a slender but muscular form, and long legs. 

Naiara's heart was beating faster than she has ever remembered, the human looked great, and he was able to humiliate her brother in nothing but his undergarments. Even through this, she attempted to focus the task at hand, and that was their obvious language barrier. She moved slowly towards him, putting her hands up showing that she came in no harm.

"Lathir, are you injured?", Naiara spoke softly, looking up at the human and attempting to signal for him to lower the lance. Naiara put her hands out in an attempt to grab the lance, but Dade just pushed it against Lathir's throat again. She backed off. This might be a little harder than she had originally thought.

"Back! I just want to leave!", Dade looked around at the archers who had all lowered their bows at this female's order. But he knew in the back of his mind that he was not getting out of here, he looked down at his hostage. Dade moved back away from Lathir, but still holding on firmly to the lance. "I'm leaving. I'm going. Don't shoot me."

Lathir slowly rose to his feet, despite being humiliated by this human he was glad that it did escalate further than this, and he made the motion to the archers to back off. His men had already started to get up off the ground, reaching for their blades and rope. "Sister, talk with him, you seem to have some hold. I do not wish to risk anything further."

Naiara made a face towards her brother, "Further than what? You attacked him!", she looked towards Dade who was attempting to ease further back. She took a few steps towards him, and made a quick "I am Naiara... Naiara," she pointed to herself, and then to her brother, "That is Lathir... Lathir."

Dade realized what she was trying to do, and mouthed the names to himself before saying them aloud, "Naiara, Lathir." He then pointed towards himself, "Dade." Dade moved towards the female and put his hand out in order to shake hers, "I hope this is not some type of war symbol in your culture."

Naiara stepped back when he moved towards her, she looked towards Lathir questioningly, "What jester is this? I do not understand brother." She stood her ground and put her hand out just as he had, watching for any different movement. "I think its a greeting ritual," Lathir said, performing the same action.

Dade laughed, moving towards Lathir first, grasping his hand and shaking it firmly. "Lathir." He still held the lance firmly in his left hand, and he turned his body shaking Naiara's hand. Her skin was soft, just as he had expected, and she smiled as he did this. He thought she had the most beautiful smile that he had ever seen.

"Naiara, the lance, get him relinquish it," Lathir nodded towards Dade, and then said his name back to him, "Lathir, La—thir."

"Dade", she pointed towards the lance and then the ground, "I would have stabbed you if I were he."

Dade knew exactly what they were asking of him, but was unsure if he should proceed. This would leave him defenseless, and these people might not be what they appear to. Although, he had saved her from certain death, so he decided to comply with the order. Dade crouched down, laying the lance on the ground in front of him horizontally.

Lathir stepped forward reaching for the lance, he pulled it towards him and stepped back. "Archers, return to your posts." He took a sidelong glance at the human, and decided against binding him. "Come, Naiara, bring your pet. We must see father and sort this out."

**********************************************

Dade followed the two cautiously, the townsfolk walked out of their homes and buildings watching the group as they moved back up the path to the hill. A group of children ran up to him with sticks and poked at his ankles. "Hey, now, watch that!"

Naiara laughed softly, and Dade shot her a grin. She watched him as he grabbed one of the elven children by their torso and tossed them around. The children giggled and soon all wanted the same treatment. Lathir turned and watched the scene, shaking his head, and kept moving up the trail. Dade once again began following the ground, catching up to walk alongside Naiara. She blushed a deep red as he looked at her, and they began the trek up the hillside path.

On top of the hill was the prison that Dade had escaped from, at least, he thought it was a prison. Now as they approached, he had to admire the structure before him, because it was unlike anything that he had seen before. The building was surely a castle of sorts, as there were guards patrolling around the perimeter, but it gave off another type of aura. The intricate stonework is something that not even Greek stonemasons could perform, there were engravings deep in the stone with runes and glyphs.

Naiara pointed towards the heavy doors they were approaching, they had reached their destination. Dade stopped through, he was not sure where he was going, but he assumed to some form of a leader of these people. He pointed at himself, for he was still wearing only but his undergarment. "Clothes" he said slowly, and then spanning his hand across his body, "Clothes."

Lathir chuckled, and continued on his way. "I will be waiting for you and the pet inside, father will wait as well." Naiara cursed under her breathe, she knew well enough that her father hated to wait for anything, and looked back at the human. Naiara snapped her fingers towards some of the guards, and they came rushing over eyeballing Dade. 

"Take off the garments, we must clothe him before he sees my father," she said, watching both of the soldiers fumble at their clothes and hand them to Dade. She grabbed one of their blades and walked over towards him, running her soft hands across his arms. He pulled the leather shirt over his head, and Naiara cut the sleeves in order to allow for more room. She took the pants, and sliced along the sides of the legs, the whole time watching the budge in his pants grow.

Dade watched her work, she was so graceful and quick, he watched her nimble body work at the leather pants. He began to feel himself get aroused, and then noticed her looking towards his crouch. He lowered his hands, looking across at the guards whom were both now standing in only their undergarments. Naiara finally finished with the pants and handed them to Dade, she was blushing a deep red. 

They moved through the archway and into her father's throne room, there she saw her Lathir already in a conversation with her father. The two approached the Lathir and father, Dade looked like a man wearing midgets clothing. Lathir and the King both laughed loudly as caught first glances at the human. Naiara shook her head and scolded the two.

"Manners! All I could perform without haste," she turned towards Dade, "Father this is Dade, human that saved me from Dark elven folk." The king, through his fit of laughter, nodded briefly at the human and took in full notice of him. This was a creature that was merely lore amongst their people, and he was quite interested in learning as much as possible from this human.

"Dade, this is Thaine Lafreth. Lafreth," she pointed towards her father, Dade nodded, once again mouthed the name to himself and said it back, "Lafreth." Dade realized this had to be a king, and he recognized the word "Thain" even though he could not speak their language. 

Lafreth, stood up from his seat and took a few steps down to look at Dade. He examined him, grabbing at his face and noticing the difference in their ears. His green eyes were something of an amazement to him, this was a color uncommon from their own kind, and he smiled. "Naiara, he needs proper clothing."

She nodded, "But father, do you know magic that will fix his tongue? He speaks in another that we have never encountered before."

Dade heard chatter, the language sounded so beautiful, but he did not understand it. For all he knew they could be planning his demise, but he trusted them though. He looked back at Naiara, and then back towards the king.
