 She chuckled as she watched him get bandaged. Now, it wasn't that she was enjoying him being injured, she just thought that all the fuss he was making was hilarious. She and K'Tharen had been fighting together for three years now, and no matter how tough and brave he acted when he had that sword in his hand, the instant the battle was over and he had to report to the healers, he became a whimpering child. 

"Oh just suck it up and be a man," She said, sitting down next to the healer, giving K'Tharen a lopsided grin. 

K'Tharen scowled at her and grumbled, "I'm not a man, remember, Onyx?" 

Onyx rolled her eyes and somewhat returned his scowl, "Fine, suck it up and be a daemon then, is that better?" 

"You're insufferable, you know that?" He turned his attention from her to the healer that was bandaging up some shallow cuts on his flat, hard muscled stomach, "Aren't you done yet?" 

"No," The healer said simply, having been through this several times in the past ten minutes. 

K'Tharen's scowl grew darker and he turned back to Onyx when he heard her muffled laugh, "Well, atleast you made it through this unscathed." 

Waiting for some sort of witty remark, he was surprised at her silence. He searched her face for some sign and noticed a faint look of pain, as well as noticing that she wouldn't meet his eye, "Alright, your highness, what happened to you? And don't even try telling me nothing." 

Onyx sighed, "Just a couple bad knocks, nothing broken, no cuts. Just give me a day's rest and I'll be fine." 

He looked at her, some concern showing on his face, "You sure?" 

"Yes, I'm positive." 

"Then get your arse out of here and go to your rooms for some needed rest. That's a direct order." 

Rolling her eyes and giving him a pat on the shoulder, Onyx stood with an audible groan and left the room to make her way back to her rooms. The castle was still in some form of ordered chaos, everyone running one place or another, people hurrying with messages, supplies, virtually anything. The only sign of her royal status in this kind of situation was that people made an effort not to physically collide with her. 

Finally, after needing to take several breaks to rest her tired and sore body, Onyx made it to her rooms and stumbled inside, closing the heavy solid wood door behind herself. She didn't even bother stripping off her sweat soaked and blood stained clothes, she just got into her bed and pulled the covers over her head before falling into a deep and dreamless sleep. 

At some point, she awoke and a bath was drawn for her, which she gratefully soaked in until the water turned cold. After, she dressed in loose breaches and a looser tunic, her whole body still being too sore to bother with trying anything with laces. As she had known they would, the healers came to see her, not believing her to be able to accurately diagnose her own injuries and ordered her to three days of total bed rest. Before they left, she asked one about K'Tharen, and was told that his injuries had been worse than they had suspected, that he'd had a very bad head injury, and was to be left alone until they deemed him recovered. Respecting the healer's verdict, not liking it, but respecting it, Onyx went back to her own recovery. 

Onyx hesitantly knocked on the door. It had been two days since they had returned from the battle, and just a few hours since she had awakened again. The battle had been hard won, many of Vincenahl's soldiers had been killed, but more of Onyx's had been slain. Still, somehow, Zidel found herself able to claim that it had been a glorious victory on their parts. Many were still being tended to by the now very weary healers, Onyx having only recently escaped their attention. Amazing how royal status carried absolutely no weight with healers. K'Tharen, however, was still being tended too. 

"Enter," A voice, K'Tharen's voice, called out. 

Onyx opened the door, walked in and pushed the door closed behind her. K'Tharen was lying on his bed, his head turned away from the door. He had apparently tossed his blankets aside and was lying there naked, completely naked. The sight of him just lying there like that with the moonlight streaming in from the uncovered window on his pale blue gray skin, glinting on his snow white hair stopped her in her tracks. He looked striking. 

"I'm only trying to give you fair warning, if you are going to try to make me swallow another foul poison you claim will heal me, I will throw both you and it out the window." 

Onyx started, coming to herself and then gave a relieved smile. After all, if he was able to be this ill tempered, K'Tharen must be healing well. She walked silently up to the bed, so silently that his long ears didn't even twitch, "If you do, I'll pull you with me." 

She saw K'Tharen jerk, almost as if he had received an electric shock. He sat up and turned around so quickly that Onyx caught herself taking a step back. A smile lit upon his face. K'Tharen reached out, took a hold of both of her arms and pulled her to him. Onyx half sat half landed in K'Tharen's lap. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close, leaving Onyx seriously wondering if she had accidentally walked into the wrong room and found K'Tharen's long lost twin. 

"K'Tharen? What....?" Onyx said, her voice coming out barely above a whisper. 

"I thought I'd lost you," K'Tharen said, his voice hoarse. 

Onyx felt herself inexplicably near tears, "K'Tharen, I-" 

She wasn't able to finish, that was when K'Tharen chose to kiss her. She was even more surprised to find that she was kissing him back, and just how much she was enjoying the kiss. They stayed entwined like that for sometime, both enjoying what they had been wanting for so long. For some reason, K'Tharen pulled back, and, though he looked at her, he was unable to look her in the eye. 

Onyx, more surprised than anything for the moment, searched his face for answers, "What's wrong?" 

"We shouldn't be doing this," He said simply, releasing her from his embrace so quickly she almost fell off of his lap. 

"And why not?" Onyx demanded, letting him go so she could stand up. Her growing hurt was quickly turning into anger, "I want this, you obviously seem to," She cast a meaningful look at his enlarged cock and then looked back up at his face, "So give me one good reason why not." 

He sighed, "You're a human princess, the ruler of this land, I'[m just a daemon warrior. Think about what it would do to your reputation. What would your people think if they found out?" 

Tears were both in her eyes and her voice when she spoke again, "I don't care about rank or station, and my people already fully believe we're lovers. You're just worried about your own reputation. What would your people think of you if you bed a human, huh?" 

Furious now and openly crying, Onyx turned from K'Tharen and ran from him and his room. She was halfway through his sitting room when she felt him catch a hold of her wrist. Half-heartedly she tried to pull her wrist free, but the daemon was far stronger than she was and Onyx was held fast. He pulled her to him and once again wrapped his arms around her. This time though, Onyx remained frozen in his embrace, no matter how badly she longed to melt against him again. 

"Onyx, I'm so sorry," K'Tharen whispered into her ear, his voice thick with emotion, "I didn't mean to hurt you. I don't care what anyone says or thinks about us being together, it's all I've wanted since I first saw you. I just don't want you hurt by slander and I don't want you to regret being with me." 

Onyx still refused to look up at him, "I don't care what anyone has to say about it and I doubt I would have regretted it if we had done anything." 

Seeing her so upset, and over something he had done, tore at K'Tharen's heart. He had never wanted to upset, never wanted to make her cry. He let her go and went to his knees. Looking up into her hurt filled eyes, he took both her hands in his and softly kissed them. 

"Onyx, please forgive me. I love you, I would never want to hurt you. When you came in, I couldn't help myself. The healers put up wards to keep me in here and wouldn't give me any word about you. I was so scared I had lost you, and then you came in and it was like a dream come true. I've wanted something like that to happen for years now. But, I don't want you to think that I am trying to force my attentions on you, and I don't want you hurt by what people will say once they find out." 

Onyx looked down at him and her tears dried. He sounded so sincere, so painfully honest, how could she not believe him? Smiling at him, she tugged on his hands until he realized she wanted him to stand. When he was towering over her once again, she wrapped her arms around him and held him tight. 

K'Tharen, though more than a little confused, returned her embrace, enfolding her first with his arms, and then with his wings, "Onyx?" 

"I love you K'Tharen," Onyx said, tilting her face up to look at him, "I started falling for you the moment we met, and I haven't stopped yet. There's no one on this world or any other I want more than you." 

K'Tharen leaned down and took her mouth with his. This kiss wasn't as fierce as the first, rather soft and sweet. Soon enough though, their passions started rising and it became known in their kiss. Their hands traveled freely over the other's body, both wanting to reassure themselves that this moment was real. His mouth not leaving hers, K'Tharen scooped her up in his arms and carried her back into his bedroom. Gently, almost reverently, he laid her on his bed. Unable to believe he finally had the woman he had been wanting for so long actually in his bed, he just stood and stared at her for a few moments, enjoying the sight. 

Onyx looked at him and smiled, "Are you alright?" 

"Yes, very." K'Tharen answered before lying down beside her. 

Her raven wing hair was fanned out on his pillow, and he was struck again by her incredible beauty. Never before had he seen a female more attractive, human or daemon. He began kissing down her neck and felt a thrill run through him at just the feel of her lying beneath him. A low growl filled his throat and he moved his mouth back up to cover hers. Leaning on one arm, he kneaded her breast with his other clawed hand. He felt her tense beneath him and pulled back. Immediately, he noticed the faint look of pain on her face. It only took a few seconds longer for him to realize that his hand was wet. He looked at his hand and was horrified to see that there was blood on his claws and then he saw the blood on her shift. 

"Oh Gods, Onyx, I...." He moved off of her and found himself unable to look at her. 

Onyx sat up and ignored the pain, which wasn't too bad considering she had seen K'Tharen rip through an Ogre's throat with those same claws. She reached out and put a hand on his shoulder, "It's alright. It was an accident." 

He pulled away from her touch. At the moment, it didn't matter to him that she was holding nothing against him, he was holding enough for the both of them. Infuriated at himself, he stood up and began pacing. Onyx watched him for a minute, giving him time to vent a little before she stood up and walked in front of him. He stopped only because she didn't leave him any room not to. Onyx put a hand on his chest and he looked down at it to avoid looking her in the eye. 

"I'm sorry," He said, his voice barely above a whisper, "I should have known better than to touch you in this form." 

She gave him a small smile, "But, this is the form I wanted to touch. And the form I wanted to touch me." 

Finally, he looked at her and Onyx actually thought she saw tears in his eyes, "I don't want to hurt you again. I-" He had to stop, Onyx kissed him, wrapping her arms around him as she stood on her toes to reach him. Hesitantly, he gave in to the kiss and put his arms around her as gently as he possibly could. 

Onyx pulled back from the kiss and looked up at K'Tharen, "You can hold me tighter than that, I'm not gonna break." 

"But, I might hurt you, I don't want to do that." 

"K'Tharen, it will be alright, don't worry." 

He looked down at her, his eyes searching hers, "Are you sure you want to do this? I'm a daemon warrior and you're a human queen, what will your people think?" 

Onyx gave a quiet laugh, "I will worry about that when I actually have the kingdom and throne to go along with the title if you don't mind," Her tone changed to one more serious, though there was laughter in her eyes, "Do you not find me attractive, is that the problem? Do you not want me?" 

"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen and I have never wanted anyone more than I want you. I just want to know that you are serious about this." 

The honesty in his voice and his eyes surprised Onyx, she being so used to guys who would say anything to get in her pants. But, K'Tharen truly seemed sincere, "I am." 

He scooped her up in his arms and carried her back to the bed. Handling her as if she were made out of spun glass, he set her down on the pillows. K'Tharen kissed and caressed her and soon enough the extreme gentleness faded as he was cautiously encouraged by the noises she made. The feel of her body moving beneath him while her hands caressed and her nails scratched into his back encouraged him more. 

Starting at her neck, he started kissing her, working his way down. With a taloned claw, he neatly cut her shift in two, his mouth trailing behind to taste the skin he exposed. Her quiet moaning served only to heighten his own arousal. Done for a moment with the top half of her body, he began working on her lower half. He put himself between her legs and began kissing the insides of her thighs, slowly working his way up until he got to her pussy. He paused for a second then flicked her clit with his tongue and heard her gasp in pleasured surprise. Giving a small smile, he started licking and kissing and sucking and nibbling on her, exploring every bit of her with his mouth. 

Onyx was being driven crazy by K'Tharen's mouth, squirming so badly that he had to wrap his arms around her thighs just to keep her from wriggling away. Her moaning was growing louder and more intense, her breath coming out in short pants. K'Tharen kept sucking on her clit, his tongue darting in and out of her hole, the more he did, the louder Onyx got. When her body started shaking and she cried out his name, K'Tharen didn't stop, he just kept licking up her juices, Ecstasy claimed Onyx twice more before K'Tharen moved his mouth away from her still dripping pussy. 

He covered her body with his, kissing up her neck while he used one of his taloned hands to fondle the breast he hadn't injured earlier, and this time much more gently. Sucking on her earlobe, he paused to whisper into her ear, "Did you like that?" 

Onyx, far more aroused now than she had been when they had started, rolled him over and off of her so that she was now on top. She kissed all around his chest, her tongue tracing circles around his slate blue nipples, kissing up the middle of his chest. Making her way to his neck, she bit into the flesh and was rewarded by a low sound that was half growl, half moan. He raked her back with his claws when she bit even harder. Onyx felt his claws go through her skin, but it didn't hurt, rather, it felt good. Trailing her tongue from where she had bitten him to his ear, she lightly nibbled on his earlobe. 

"Do you think I liked that?" Onyx asked, her voice a seductive purr. 

"Aye, I d-mmm," K'Tharen's voice trailed off to a growling moan, unable to concentrate on speech any longer. Onyx had put a hand around his cock and was gently but firmly stroking it. 

Laughing quietly, she bit his ear again, then moved her full attention down to his cock. Seeing it so up close, she couldn't help but moan with growing desire. It was just so big. Unsure if she could fit all that into her mouth, or anyplace else for that matter, Onyx still wanted to try. 

Starting slow, Onyx sucked on the head of his cock. Going so slowly the K'Tharen thought he would go insane, Onyx sucked his entire length into her mouth and down her throat, playing with the underside of his shaft with his tongue while her hands stroked and massaged both his sack and his tail. She released his cock, letting it slide back out of her mouth and sucked it back in again. Gradually, she sucked harder and faster while K'Tharen made use of his tail on her pussy. 

Looking out from behind a curtain of her own hair, Onyx saw K'Tharen lying back against the pillows, his eyes half closed and glowing red. A low growl was the only sound he made, growing louder the faster she sucked. His hands were tangled in her hair and his hips rocked up and down in rhythm with her sucking. 

It took quite some time and Onyx's mouth had already gotten sore, but she finally got her reward. Hot, thick, and delicious, K'Tharen's cum filled her mouth. Onyx swallowed and continued to suck hungrily, wanting to drink every last drop. 

Done, K'Tharen sat up, pulled her to him, and in seconds had her lying on her back beneath him. Onyx wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down so she could kiss him. K'Tharen bit her lip, one of his fangs piercing her lower lip. Tasting her blood, he tried to move back, to get out of her embrace. But, as strong as the daemon was, Onyx wouldn't let him go, instead forcing him to kiss her more, to taste her blood again. 

She wrapped her legs around him and felt the head of his cock just barely touching her pussy. No matter how hard she tried or how much she squirmed, she couldn't move herself enough to get his cock inside of her. Onyx moaned against his mouth and K'Tharen pulled back. 

Eyes full of need, Onyx only whimpered one word, "Please?" 

K'Tharen couldn't resist any longer. He took her legs from around his middle and put them over his shoulders. Wings outstretched, he pushed his cock deep into her delicious pussy. Onyx gasped and her back arched as her hands clutched at the blankets. He went harder and harder, his cock pulling out briefly only to slam back into her while his tail played with her ass hole. Onyx cried out, cumming again and again, leaving her so shaky and spent that long before K'Tharen was even done, all she could do was lie back and let him keep going. Not that she would have stopped him, of course. Finally, K'Tharen came, releasing another load of hot cum with enough force he gave Onyx another orgasm. 

Spent for the moment, K'Tharen let her legs down and lay down beside her. He could use the break and, from the looks of it, Onyx more than needed one. Tenderly, he kissed her lips and brushed the hair off of her face, "Was I good enough for you?" 

There was no answer. K'Tharen sat up to look at her, concerned by Onyx's silence. She smiled at him and he smiled back, comforted that everything was alright. Then, he just looked at her, her raven hair mussed up, face flushed becomingly, her flesh glistening with sweat. There was something else though. Something he was smelling. He sniffed. Sure enough, there was the smell of blood. He looked and saw there was blood on the sheets and on the inside of her thighs. 

"Oh Onyx, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you." 

Onyx shook her head, confused, "You didn't hurt me, why?" 

"There's blood." K'Tharen said, pointing at all of it. 

"Huh?" Onyx sat up and looked down where K'Tharen was still looking. She chuckled and lay back down, "Many human females bleed their first time, do daemon females not bleed?" 

"No, they do, but....," He stopped, then looked at her, surprised, "Your first time? You mean you were a virgin?" 

"Yeah, why?" 

"No reason, I just didn't think you would be." 

"And why not?" 

"Well, most human girls your age are already married with a few children," He gave a small, crooked smile, "It's a little hard to be a virgin when you've had children." 
