 On the night before his ascension, the daemon Diotus appeared in a back alley bar, not too keen on business. The barkeep polished glasses, while his sole bar maid was being harassed by two hicks. The only two other patrons were the gentleman enjoying his newspaper and the subject of interest, Brian Miles. In his early thirties, with a receding hairline and worry marks too many for his age, Brian Miles looked more miserable than any human had a right to. Recently, he had lost his wife along with his dignity to a younger man and whose only company since was the glass of whiskey in his hand. This was the human the millennia-old daemon had chosen to host his final possession.

His companion and youngling, Mira who appeared beside him, could not fathom why he would choose such a deprived human for a sex possession. She looked at the human with vile derision. 

"If this isn't a crude lesson on human psyche then your humour has failed to amuse me." She said to Diotus. Even skimming through the human's thoughts the previous night was an unpleasant task for her. The man exuded so much misery and hopelessness, that the thought of feeding off him made her want to return to the netherworld and never come back. Alas, her mentor was too enthralled to mind her disgust with the whole thought. "You have got to be kidding me!" 

Diotus looked upon his companion with affection. If he were human, this would have been the opportune time to smile upon her. He was quite fond of her. Of all the daemons he mentored, he hoped she would prolong her existence as he had done.

"I would not joke on the last night in this world." He said. She figured he wouldn't. His sense of humour was equivalent to that of a rock and his taste for food was even worse. She tried a different approach, changing her expression from a disgusted little girl to that of a seductive vixen. 

"Forget Brian miles! I know where we can find some lovers who don't mind getting kinky and not in the good way." The lilting words were laced with her potence and a far lesser daemon would have leaped at the opportunity. Her long nails caressed his grey stone chest, running small circles around his nipples. Although daemons being creatures of corporal desire, they lack the appendages to mate, merely because no daemon is ever born. They just descended from a higher existence. This and Diotus's age kept him from succumbing to the young temptress. 

"To be drunk on human emotion is one thing Mira, but drowning in them spells doom for a daemon." He warned her. Soon after, her hands were off his naked body. 

"You are no fun at all!" And the little girl returned. "I should find a more willing mentor once you are dead." The unceremonious statement startled Diotus, so much so that he stood there blankly without a word. Death was not a concept daemons were aware of. It was of mortal flesh and blood and the few daemons who dared to have ventured down that path were now cautionary tales. To compare death to his ascension, where his essence would stay intact was frightening even to the ancient daemon. Mira noticed his shock and responded appropriately or more like inappropriately. 

"Fine! My loins won't ever dream of another daemon, if you promise to fill them tonight." Her blatant attempts were no mere tomfoolery; she desired him in a very earthly manner and she wouldn't stop trying till the last hour. 

"I do not have any hold over you Mira. You are free to choose any mentor and do as you please." However, he did have a hold on her and it was driving her crazy. 

"See! No fun at all." She pouted. "If you are so adamant on continuing, I might as well help." With a sultry gleam in her eyes, Mira did what she does best; she entered the bar maid's body. Oblivious to everyone except Diotus, the change in the woman was instantaneous. A slight perspiration coated her skin making it glow, ridding them of any marks. Her posture lost any signs of fatigue for a woman working this late. There was an extra pound to her stride. The confidence she exuded, carrying the round of drinks was that of a runway model. When it was over, she was a much different woman and the humans started to notice. Mira returned wearing a very human smile. 

"28, single mother and the only sex she'd had in the past six months was with her rubber toy." 

"What did you do to her?" He knew exactly what she did to her but he wanted to hear it from the daemon's own mouth. 

"We exchanged phone numbers... What do you think?" Her sarcasm wasn't well received. "Don't worry Diotus. One way or other, tonight that woman will have a man in her bed; may it be stranger on the road or Brian miles. We both know who is more likely." 

"Haven't I thought you anything till now? You never possess a human completely!" Diotus knew all too well what becomes of the human and the daemon when that line is crossed. 

"What you have taught me is how to feed without devouring and what I have learned is there is no better way than to devour. You don't have to worry about me or my meals." She was right. He had neither the time nor the energy to worry about her. Not anymore. Her path was for her own to choose. All he could do is wish her luck and life. 

"Speaking of meals; I have to find one or maybe two for myself tonight." She placed her hand on his chest, silencing anything he had to say. "I hope beyond hope that I see you again, even if it's a fool's hope." She leaned in to touch her lips on his. A human kiss has so many meanings: love, joy, passion, pain, longing, good-bye. Diotus felt none of these, not because he lacked human sensitivity but because he was physically insensitive. His body wasn't built to understand the slight nuances of a kiss and before he could arrive to a reasonable conclusion, Mira was gone, vanished into the night taking with her his final agape and reason for existence. 

He turned his thoughts to the task at hand: Brian miles. He approached him from behind and laid his hands on his shoulders. Brian did not feel the daemon's touch. He was wondering if this glass of drink would loosen the noose around his chest. For the past six months, he had spent every night in this bar drinking, trying to rid himself of the image of his wife screwing her young lover but when morning came he woke up with the same burning image with the added bonus of a massive hangover. 

Mira was right; it was downright horrible to be in the man's head. He ran through the same possibilities repeatedly, blaming himself for all the likely mistakes he made. He almost decided that it would have been better if he hadn't caught them, that denial was better than the truth. 

Diotus withdrew his hands. He wanted to steer the man away from this asinine line of thought and Mira had provided the perfect distraction.

"Look up and see her." Diotus whispered into his ears. Brian's eyes immediately shot up. 

The blonde maid was enjoying her work, even being flirtatious with the customers. Brian had never noticed her before. She even brought out a smile from the man behind the newspaper, who was another regular. Her smile so lovely, so captivating, so deadly, luring in her prey like a cunning predator. The prey had no chance.

"She's not like your wife." Diotus whispered listening to his thoughts. The sublime notions planted deep within his mind, taking root and eventually changing his whole perspective. It was a tricky gift of daemons to act like the conscience of a human, one that took centuries to master. Who needed possession when there was the power of the tongue, Diotus thought.

Brian noticed she resembled his wife in a way. Granted his wife was a brunette and her hair wasn't this messy but the maid's light features and blue eyes reminded him of her. Her body was also more endowed than his wife. She was flaunting them for all to see, which earned her a slap on her ass. She didn't even bother retorting to the rude act.

Diotus has seen nations fall and men killing over a single primitive emotion- jealousy and he instilled it within Brian. He won't know the reason behind it but he will act upon it, like all men do. 

She came up to him next. 

"Can I get you anything sugar?" She asked in her southern belle accent. 

"Why do you let them treat you like that?" He gestured to the two men slamming their drinks in celebration of their supposed manhood. She looked at them shortly. 

"Because they all are regulars and they tip big. Pride ain't gonna pay my bills Mr. Miles." 

"Just Brian please." He offered. She smiled at him. 

"So Brian, how about another round?" 

"I don't know. Will it put my misery to rest?" He asked before he could stop himself. She stared at him for the longest time deciding whether to be truthful. 

"I would be miserable too if I spent every night in here, drinking myself to sleep."

"You do spend every night in here." Brian told her. 

"Don't be smart with me mister!" She waved her pen threateningly at his face. Brian smiled, really smiled, after how long, he didn't know. "Anyways, you won't find what you are looking for by sitting in here. Like my mamma used to say: If you want apple pie, go outside and pluck some apples yourself." She stated, took the glass from him and walked away. 

"I don't think I know your name!" He called after her. She replied with only a wave. He had no idea what she was talking about but it got to him.

Diotus was impressed with the girl. She made it much easier for him or so he thought. 

After months, Brian found himself not wanting to get drunk. He got up, left a big tip and walked out. It was so abrupt, Diotus could not act and he couldn't do anything while he moved. Brian's apartment was just a block away, so he was already inside before Diotus could do anything. 

"You want to talk to her again." He whispered when Brian had settled on his couch. 

His feelings towards her were still doubtful. He didn't want to take a chance with a woman he barely knew, when his own wife had betrayed him so badly. Not able to think clearly, he raided his personal liquor cabinet. 

Diotus should have kept him under more control. If this kept up, he would have no choice but to possess him. It was not something he wanted to do.

Luckily, nature was on his side. The sky opened up with sudden cloudburst and gave the perfect course of action for Diotus. 

---------- 

Kathy Bo did not want a sermon from the conniving two-headed weasel that was her bar manager Carl. 

"It was just one extra break Carl. Why are you making such a fuss?" Kathy was in no mood to stand there idly. Actually, her mood was quite scandalous. 

"It wasn't only the breaks... "While Carl went on, Kathy's focus was on the glass bottles behind him. Smooth, shiny, she envisioned the bottleneck sliding in and out of her pussy as she fingered her clit. She was getting wet again, the third time that night. If Carl wasn't a repulsive swine, if he was halfway decent, she would have fucked him right then and there. 

That was her queue to leave because when sex and Carl popped up in the same line of thought, she knew something was wrong. Maybe someone had slipped her some happy pills. She wasn't complaining; she was definitely feeling happy but the definition of regret for her, would be to wake up with carl in her bed the next morning. She nodded at the right places and waited for Carl to finish. 

"Can I leave now?" She asked. 

"Be sure to be early tomorrow. I don't want to hear any excuses about your son's this and that." Kathy bid the asshole good night, only to be stopped at the door by the silent downpour. Her reluctance to get soaked and unwillingness to ask Carl for a favour had her sticking to the entrance of the Drunken Joe, waiting for the rain to lessen. 

That's when she saw the man in the long over coat, under an umbrella's cover hidden in the alley's shadow. He was explicitly staring in her direction. He moved out of the shadows, towards her, when her gaze wouldn't falter. She had a sudden urge to run back into the bar and call Carl for help. 

Although her fears proved to be false, once she found out that the man was no creep but her regular customer, Brian Miles from earlier. 

"What are you doing here?"

"Plucking apples." He mumbled before offering his umbrella. She considered it for a brief time, only to be convinced by his nervous puppy dog look. It wasn't an expression a grown man with confidence should have but it was what drew her to him. She had seen the man drunk every night for the past few months but for all his morbid existence, he hadn't once been offensive to her. She clung on to his arms and offered him a smile. 

"Just to be clear, thanks is all you're going to get." 

"That's fine by me." He replied. Even as she said it, Kathy was thinking of offering much more, a by-product of her lost inhibitions. As they walked together in the rain, she was planning to have a wild night and Brian was part of her plan. 

- - - - - - - - - - 

Just as Kathy planned her night, another figure in the shadows stalked her, planning his pleasurable night. He watched the couple walk hand in hand and gloried in the moment. How long he had waited for this and finally this was the night, the night for his feast. Even better, another daemon seemed to be interested in them. If all goes according to his thoughts, he might be having a bigger meal than originally planned. 

Kathy Bo and her newfound man were going to have a night to die for. 

- - - - - - - - - - 

Diotus never liked the rain. He equated the precipitate particles passing through him to a human being poked with needles continuously. Nevertheless, the rain had served its purpose. A few paces in front of him, Brian and Kathy were cosy under the umbrella. They did not talk but he had offered her his coat and it seemed to have done the trick. Diotus felt the sexual energy ebbing out of them, which made their union inevitable. He would still guide the human but this was strictly going to be a hands off affair. 

Brian's jitters had started the moment she wrapped her arms around his. Not because the soft flesh of her breasts were pressing against him or he felt aroused after a very long time, it was because Brian had only been with one woman his entire life and the thought of being intimate scared him. He couldn't think of anything to say to her. His wife's words were still ringing loud in his ear; 'The most meaningful conversations we have had in a long time was about the fucking rug Brian. If I live with you anymore, I will kill myself sooner or later.' Brian still had that rug at his home. 

"We are here." Kathy brought him out of his absorption, to look up at the rundown apartment in the bad part of the city. He guessed this was all she could afford. "Not what you were expecting?" She asked. He looked back at her. 

"No... It's nothing... Thanks!" He blurted awkwardly. 

"I am the one who should be thankful." She said. Brian shook his head. Suddenly it got very warm in the cool rain and he heard the beat of loud drums pounding his ears, in rhythm with his heartbeat. 

"Here." Kathy reached behind him and pulled his stiff neck towards her. She was gentle with her lips, working slowly, until she felt him relax. When they parted, Brian leaned towards her lips wanting more. Once he couldn't find them, he finally opened his eyes. 

"Was that my thanks?" He asked. 

"That was just an appetizer." She flashed him a wicked grin, before pulling him in for a more rougher, wanting kiss. Brian dropped the umbrella and grabbed onto her. They were lost in the moment, getting soaked in the rain. Her hands grabbed his ass and pulled him in even closer. Brian could not process all the sensations she was drawing out of him. 

Diotus witnessed Mira's after effects in full force. She had an innate ability to bring out the inner most desires in humans and Kathy had built up some strong ones. 

He followed them as she dragged Brian up the stairs. The elevator ride was long as neither wanted to press the button. Diotus did not mind; he was content with feeding off their energy right there. 

"Don't you think we should slow down?" Kathy responded by shoving her hands down his pants and stroking his hard member. Brian groaned into her mouth. His hips began to thrust on their own. By the time they reached her door, Brian was already ready to cum. If she hadn't withdrawn to open the door, it would have been a premature, messy end to his night. Brian walked in, to find her already shrugging off his coat. He closed the door, and with his mouth wide open, he watched as she stripped off the rest of her clothes. She never met his eyes but always presented him with an engaging perspective. At last, when she was completely unclothed, she fixed her gaze on him. Brian's cock twitched at the sight of her prowling towards him. Her target, his cock, sprang out as she pulled down his pants. She ravingly took it into her mouth. Brian never felt anything like her tongue, swirling and teasing his sensitive head. He began to rock along with her bobbing head. His eyes fell down and she looked up; the moment their eyes met, it was too much for him. He had no time to warn her as he shot his load into her. He withdrew when she started to gag. He flopped down next to her apologizing. 

"I have never done anything like that." She stated. 

"I have never experienced anything like that either." He replied. 

Kathy knew then it had to be drugs. She never felt so horny in her life and she was yet to be satisfied. She started a trail of kisses down his chest. Her hands reached to grab his cock again, only to find it flaccid and shrunken to its original size. She broke the kisses to look at him. 

"That's it?" She asked shocked and dismayed. 

There was a daemon in the room with certain mutual and more intense feelings. He felt the energy he had been feeding off slowly dissipate and that only signalled one thing, the end. 

"I am sorry. I think it must be all the alcohol." Brian said softly. Kathy offered him a smile but he could see she was disappointed. He began to wonder if all the things his wife had accused him were true. He wanted to jump out of the window and end his pathetic existence. 

Kathy did not blame Brian but her experience with men was that they usually took what they wanted, without giving anything back and sex was no different. She got up to find some clothes and let Brian out. 

Diotus would not accept the change of events. His careful mask of composure stripped away, as he leaped into Brian's body. After a century of disciplined control, on the very last night, he gave into the craving that was his greatest weakness. He felt all of Brian's depressing thoughts coarse through him, pain, longing, misery along with the wish to banish all those away. Therefore, Diotus did do that. He forced him to look at what was before him, rather than what was past. There, bent over to pick her clothes, Kathy offered a great view of her ass. Diotus let all his energy flow into him. 

Like a man possessed and yes he was, he lunged for her. Kathy was at first surprised by the sudden attack, but then the tongue lapping her pussy soothed her. She was against the wall, holding onto his head and driving his face in deeper. Brian was so good; she almost felt that there was more than one tongue pleasuring her. She moaned as his fingers parted her lips and dove in. He knew all the sweet spots to make her moan. She cupped her own breasts and rode his face to a mind-blowing orgasm. By the time she came back to reality, Brian had carried her to the bed. She loved a man who could carry her. He parted her legs and teased her entrance with the head of his cock. Kathy would have sworn that it was longer and thicker than before. Her pussy juices started to flow onto the gleaming head. Then when he was ready he plunged, hands on the sides of her. She looked into the eyes of the man and knew they changed. The cloud of doubt had lifted, only clear and bright orbs pierced her. His entire length filled her completely and yet her pussy wanted more. She wiggled under him, sending waves of pleasure through both of them. He began to pump slowly, as he lowered his head to her tits. His tongue once again worked its magic on her. It was enough to send her over the edge repeatedly but Brian never stopped. The man, who had lost it just a while ago, was giving her the time of her life. It took him longer to reach his own climax and when he did, she was completely sated. Whatever itch had started that night, had been scratched. She was blissfully lying beside Brian. 
