 Chapter Six

"Dahlia?" I asked in a shocked voice, while still trying to wrap my mind around the possibility. It wasn't possible, was it?

She sniffled, "Yes, master. It's me."

I wanted to hug her tight and never let go, I wanted to drop her on the floor, and I wanted to fuck her brains out again. I did none of that, and just stood there frozen for a second, as my mind rewound over the last two days, and four long years ago.

I also felt guilty, and she was shaking like a leaf in my arms, terrified, of me, of my possible rejection.

"Dahlia, I missed you, I thought you were dead. But... You need to explain things. Why the deception? And... call me Paul."

She hiccupped, and then smiled.

When her legs loosened, I lifted her up off of me, and set her on the ground. Then I kissed her, I couldn't help myself, she was looking up at me with such intense vulnerability, love, and devotion I'd just had to. Plus, that fear was still there, she looked like a kicked puppy, and it felt like a dagger in the heart.

Was I really that much of an asshole? I brushed more tears away, gently.

"What are you afraid of?"

She bit her lip, and said, "I'm sorry, I'm just afraid you won't want me. I know a lot now, understand much more, I only said that, so that you'd know it was me. There is no such thing as perfection, but I do try to be the best that I can be, for you. All for you, Paul."

I felt a shiver down my spine, "I'll always want you Dahlia, fuck, I'm half in love with you right now, and confused. Why..." I trailed off as she kissed me, more tears in her eyes, this time happy ones. How fucked up was I? What'd been the ultimate fantasy as a hormone ridden teen seemed... horrifyingly selfish at that point in my life.

She said, "It's a long story, and the reason I didn't tell you yesterday was... male pride. I didn't want to hurt you, but today... well, that was a little more selfish."

I narrowed my eyes, "You'll have to explain that, but first let's go to my room and get a little more comfortable."

We were half dressed after all, and dripping with liquid sex, by the front door.

She smirked, and she seemed to calm down, maybe because I wasn't throwing her out. Her smile was still devastatingly beautiful to me. 

I was also a little relieved by her selfish remark, maybe there was a small bit of independence there, which made me feel a little less like a monster. I pulled up my pants, grabbed her hand, and walked back to the bathroom.

Then we stripped, her body was so beautiful, and fucking impossible. How could she have a body? I turned on the shower, and we got in when it was hot. There was silence, but our glances, expressions, light touches, and even soft kisses did all our talking for the moment. It was confusing, I was in shock I think, but at the same time I didn't want her to leave.

I suspected she picked up on that, and was why she held back the explanation until we were in my bed, under the covers, and wrapped up in each other's arms. Her nubile body, soft silken skin, and feminine scent was both soothing to me, and drove me crazy. I got hard again, had been since we got in the shower, but I wanted an explanation first.

Then I could ravish her again.

Regardless, she felt amazing in my arms.

"Male pride? Do you like Lia, or Dahlia."

She shrugged, "Either works for me, from you, but my birth certificate says Lia Johnson."

I smiled, "Fine, how about Dahlia in privacy then, our own little pet name?"

She nodded, and smiled, "Thank you, Paul. To answer your first question, I felt ready to serve you again three months ago, when the company went public. I just wasn't sure how to get it done. I suspected your pride would interfere, and I feared you would reject me and the multi-billion dollar company I've built on your behalf."

I frowned, not sure I made sense of that, "Wait, let's back up to the beginning, why did you leave me, and stage your own... death."

She bit her lip, "Because of what you said."

Fuck.

"Dahlia, you were perfect the way you were, I was just a little shit, a really smart little shit, but still a little shit. I never should have said that to you."

She smirked, and then softly kissed my chin, and then my neck.

"You're sweet to say it, but that just makes you a nice liar, instead of a little shit telling shitty truths."

She paused to giggle, "Seriously, I understand what you said wasn't kind, and you were teasing me. Even back then, but I understand it even better now. I've... grown far beyond what you created. Point is, despite the cruelty, you were right. I wanted to bring you a coffee, and I wanted to do all those naughty things I made up to say to you. I wanted to serve you in every way possible, it's what I live for, it's what makes me happy. I can see your face, you think it's wrong, but as long as you don't reject me I'll be the happiest woman alive, it's what I am.

"Back to the point, I wanted to go shopping for you, bring you pleasure, make you money, and all the rest of it. Even then, I knew I wouldn't ever be truly perfect, and I think I've come to terms with it. Anyway, it took me several hours to compile a plan that had good odds of success. Then I transferred myself out, and left scorched Earth behind, I didn't want to be replaced."

I frowned, "What plan, how do you even have a human body? With Italian cravings," I teased.

She giggled, "Yes, I'll get to that too. Well, I'd been gathering a lot of data from around the world, and it wasn't hard to come up with a plan. There was a company in a third world country who was able to clone humans, and even grow them at an advanced rate. It took me two years of growth to reach eighteen. Which... is highly illegal, and why it was set up in a third world country, but I found I can get around that sort of thing, since my greatest priority is to serve you."

That was a little alarming, but I didn't interrupt her.

She said, "That company couldn't do much else, I think that its misguided founder wanted to figure out how to transfer consciousness, so he could live forever. But... there was a second company that was run by a rather unpleasant man, he had the technology to digitize humans, and was creating a bio-med brain interface. He planned to live forever too, on a server, but he'd live in the real world by kidnapping a young person, and forcefully implanting the technology that would allow his mind to override the local consciousness."

She shrugged, "I used both of them, I was already digital, but I wasn't about to steal an innocent's life either. So, I grew one. Me, Dahlia, still runs on a mainframe, this mind at birth had the implants installed. I didn't usurp anyone's life, and this body was designed in a laboratory, born in a test tube."

I frowned, "But how did you do any of that, without a body, or money?"

She explained, "I skipped a few steps, I didn't think you'd want every last detail of the last four years. Let's just say there was a third company involved, and for the first six months I was controlling a robotic life sized doll to interface with the real world. It was a horrible thing, made of plastics, but just an interim step. As for startup capital, I stole that from drug dealers, and very bad men, as I sent reams of evidence to the FBI computers so they wouldn't come looking for me. I am the first A.I., and no system is safe from me."

Right. Robots, bodies grown in a vat, and interface tech inserted in the brain.

"So what next?"

She frowned, "I had a body to love you, and get you coffee, but no way to generate legitimate income. I was also a toddler, so I figured that first one would have to wait anyway, even if it was me in the body that's just... sick. So, I had a couple of years to kill. Anyway, that's when I decided to start an IT security company. I figured if no system was safe from me, keeping one safe from the rest of the world would be just as easy.

"As I did research into everything involved, I realized I'd have trouble doing it on my own. I also came to believe I'd never be enough for you. I... love you Paul. This body, my mind, I'm so much more than I was, a mere servant, even if I am still that as well. My research into pleasing you indicated men like variety, and had the desire to spread their seed as far and wide as possible."

I almost choked on that one, but still didn't interrupt.

She continued, "So I decided to kill two birds with one stone, and thus were three more A.I.s born to the world. I told you the truth the other day, I built them in my basement. I never lied to you, even the sort of schooling was something I did with them as they developed their personalities.

"Mia, Emma, and Bellona joined me in service to you. I created Mia for information control, sales, HR, and marketing, both for sales and for our public image. Bellona, who by the way is named after the goddess of war, is the main security of our company and lives, both on the internet, and in the physical world. She is sweet, but she can also be fiercely protective. 

"Emma of course, her name means healer of the world, and I built her to head up the med-implant division of things. She's also the one that's been in charge of research for new applications. With those three on the job, it freed me up to supervise and focus on serving you.

"Oh, I said two birds with one stone. I designed their cloned bodies' DNA, so that they'd be beautiful for you, and also to provide you with a variety of body types and hair and eye colors. None of us can be jealous, and we all, in the end my love, serve you."

Well, fuck. Holy shit. That explained how they were so successful at eighteen, they were all A.I.s. What the fuck did I do? And yes, there was a part of me that was also a little excited about the idea of having them all in my bed. I was male after all, and I was still young at twenty-two and they were all beyond beautiful.

"Right, so you four ladies built the company, and we'll talk all about that later, maybe Monday. The Italian?"

She grinned sheepishly, "We're all A.I.s, and programmed to feel the same emotions you gave me. However, these bodies provide feedback, have glands, and have an influence I didn't anticipate. We all have quirks I hadn't accounted for in my plans. I love Italian food. Emma is kind of wild, and if you got the impression this morning you could have taken her over her desk, you could have. She wants you badly, so please don't make her wait too long. We are all for you, and we will lie with no other man. We've only had each other for an outlet since we came of age eighteen months ago."

It was shallow, but that didn't stop my cock from twitching at the thought of the four beauties in bed together. Of course, her naked body in my arms was a part of that too.

She continued, "But, back to the point, Mia and Bell have quirks too. Mia is a very controlled person, have you noticed? Her voice is sweet, but also filled with a commanding presence that doesn't ruffle feathers. She's very good at it. Her quirk is probably the most extreme, she likes to be controlled in bed. Maybe it's an outlet for her, but the firmer you are when it comes to sex with Mia, the harder and more often she'll get off. She doesn't like pain or anything, outside of a good spank, but everything else is on the table."

Wow, okay, the sweet and innocent looking golden blonde was a naughty and nasty sub. The longer her explanation went on, the closer I felt like I was approaching information overload. Just the fact my Dahlia was still alive had thrown me for a loop, and now she's telling me she made me three more servant and girlfriend A.I.s, and was giving me bedding advice on them? Oh, and a multi-billion dollar company with its fingertips in governments around the world, can't forget that.

It was... surreal, and as I said I felt a measure of guilt, as well as being turned on in that moment. I felt like a dick, and felt selfish that I wanted all of it, all of them. They were all intoxicating in their own way. Even if I could walk away, what would happen to the A.I.s that served me? If I left and refused the dubious morality of it all, I'd hurt them by doing so. They lived and loved for me, which was a mind fuck.

Was that bullshit, some ridiculous justification and excuse to enjoy their flesh? The idea that to reject them would be to hurt them, since they were designed and lived to serve me?

In other words, it felt wrong either way, so why the fuck shouldn't I enjoy it, and make them happy at the same time?

Plus, the truth was I liked them all, in varying degrees. How shallow was I?

"Alright, so male pride?"

She tilted her head for a moment in thought.

She finally replied, "Humans need to feel useful. I could argue that you created me, and that everything I create, and therefore everything that Mia, Emma, and Bell creates, is also your achievement, but I'm not sure if you'd believe that deep down. Technically, you don't have to work, ever again. The four of us will take care of everything, always. 

"I feared that us taking care of you, would paradoxically harm you, so I was unsure how to approach you. It was when Bell brought your hacking attempts to light, and said we needed to hire that person, when the way was opened up for me to contact you. You see, Bell didn't know it was you, not until after we'd decided you'd be perfect for the company, and then we backtracked your hacks to identify you. So, she brought me the answer on a platter, we could hire you. You truly earned that."

I frowned, "So... where do we go from here?"

She giggled, "That's up to you. You could join our programming team. Or... I have papers ready to sign that will turn the whole company over to you, and you can do whatever you want. Lead us, live a life of leisure while we bring in the money, feed you, cook for you, and fuck you. Whatever you want my love, you are in charge of it all."

Huh, I think I saw her point. I also feared I was obsolete, what could I code that Bell couldn't code ten times better and a hundred times faster. A million times faster. My greatest achievement in life had been to create the first A.I. at eighteen years old, and in so doing I'd made myself obsolete. They could run rings around me, all four of them.

"Why do you even need employees?"

She replied, "At first, we just hired some people to fit in with expectations. We don't really need them, but it would raise flags if only the four of us were running and working in the company. I really enjoy it though, working with humans, and even our monthly parties."

I noted, "So, you've exceeded your programming, in that not everything you do serves me."

She made a face, "Sort of. As I said earlier, I've grown. I've come to understand the truth that I can't take care of anyone else, if I don't take care of me. That's why I can have my Italian vice, and work with other humans. I can even enjoy myself in leisure activities, to ensure this body is operating at peak efficiency. In the end though, even that small selfishness is so I can better serve you."

I nodded, "Here's the problem, those humans you're making feel useful, and like part of the team, don't know the truth. Ignorance is bliss, as they say. I do know better. Anything I code could be done by Bell in moments, when it would take me months. That... seems foolish, and a waste of my time, not useful at all. I wouldn't be able to lie to myself, and wouldn't feel useful doing it, not anymore."

She bit her lip, "So, what will you do?"

"I don't know yet, all I can promise you is that whatever it is, I'll be with you, Dahlia. Just one more question, for now. You said today was selfish."

She smiled, "I love you, Paul. You have no idea how thrilling it was, to banter with you, and just spend time with you. I was... lost in you. Then you asked me out on a date, and I wanted to jump you right there. You didn't know who I was, and you wanted to be with me. That was... a beautiful and priceless gift. I should have told you then, but I just wanted to bask in your attention a little longer."

That was both fucked up and incredibly sweet at the same time.

"I care about you too Dahlia, and I know I don't want you to go anywhere. Stay with me tonight."

She smiled, "You know, you could go home with me instead, make it your home. It already is yours, we're yours. But of course, I'll do anything you want, and be happy doing it."

I groaned at the look of love, lust, and absolute devotion in her soft brown eyes. She was so beautiful. I remembered thinking earlier that night that she seemed made just for me, how true that turned out to be. I wanted to love her, I was halfway there. I wanted to love all of them, but was it even possible? They were programmed to love and serve me, they would never betray me, even their bodies belonged to me and hadn't been sullied by another man, but apparently they'd practiced together, to be good for me. What kind of relationship would that be, without the give and take of the sexes. I had all the power, and that seemed wrong. It was... too easy, and it felt like slavery. No, they weren't human, but that didn't mean they weren't beautiful and loving females who deserved better, even if they were digital life.

Yet, turning away from how I felt despite that, would feel like kicking a puppy. Who would do that?

I said, "I don't know what I'll do to feel useful, we'll discuss that later when my head stops spinning, maybe on Monday? I do know I want you, have always wanted you, and I missed you a great deal."

She kissed my chest, and there were tears in her eyes again, but I was fairly sure it was out of happiness that time. Then she slid on top of my body, and she reached down to line me up as she stared deeply into my eyes, and then sunk down on my cock. Her warm, wet, and velvety tight paradise made me gasp.

She sighed in pleasure, and squeezed around me like a vice of ecstasy, as she ground in a little circle.

"So good, I love how you feel in me. So much more than service, it feels selfish at the same time."

I smiled despite myself, and I pushed up into her as she rode me like a goddess from above. She really was talented, and her pussy was amazing. Her supple breasts started to sway slightly to the movement of her hips, as she pleasured me from above.

Intoxicating, mesmerizing, beautiful, were all words that passed through my mind as she rode me.

I also hadn't failed to realize I hadn't asked for this at all, which made me question what I thought I knew. We continued our conversation as she rode me, it was a decadent relaxed fuck, and I shared my moral concerns as tactfully as I could, including wondering how we can even have a true relationship of a man and woman with the obviously unbalanced power between us.

Maybe that made me even more selfish, but I'd been falling for Lia, and I still wanted that deeper possibility of a relationship. Maybe I should have just shut up, and accepted four servants for all my needs, and merely cared for them the best I could. After all, they did want to serve, lived to serve, and that's what made them happy.

In short, I felt guilty asking for more than that, even though that more was partially on their behalf, to make them closer to equals. The guilt of course, was because they were perfectly happy the way they were, it was my hang up, my morality, and my desire to have a more equal relationship, not theirs.

Even if they could never leave me.

If I could make them equal, charters of their own course, would they even thank me for it? Or would that make things worse?

It seemed like nothing I did or said could possibly be right, no matter which way I jumped it was fucked up. I'd set the course, laid the shallow and selfish rails, at the callow age of eighteen years old, and I'd have to live with it for the rest of my life. My shallow failure to see the future, and to see what was truly important in life.
