 Dahlia: Colony A.I.

Book Three

Copyright 2018. This is a work of fiction. Names, Characters, Places and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons living or dead, is entirely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without permission.

Chapter One

The sun beat down on the back patio, and the sounds of splashes caught my ears. I turned my head, and I couldn't help the smile that grew on my lips at the sight.

My sweet Bellona and exotic Emma had joined forces in the pool, and they were splashing Lia, who squealed and fell off the floating inflatable lounger. They spent a lot of time in the pool going into the third trimester, and it was certainly warm enough out in Chicago on the early June Sunday afternoon. 

When Mia giggled, all three of them turned on her, which made her giggle and cackle louder as she fought a losing water battle against the three of them.

Asha giggled too, but she was safely at my side, far from the pool, and snuggled into me. She liked the pool well enough, but she hadn't gone in today for some reason.

She pointed out, "The chicken."

Right. I turned away from my beauties, they were all so damned sexy with baby bumps and glowing skin, but I had a job to do. I refocused on the grill and turned the drumsticks one by one as I slathered on more barbeque sauce with the brush, the grill spat and popped madly and flames flared up as some chicken juice fell onto the burning briquettes.

It'd been six months since I'd taken Asha as mine, and I'd added her to our bed. She was a miracle, and my A.I. goddess, but she hadn't had to use that advanced technology of hers since Mia had been shot that time. Well, she hadn't used it outside of cleaning up the wet spots after our nightly six-some, all five of them squirted like firehoses.

She smirked up at me, no doubt reading my thoughts, and I claimed a small kiss. She melted into me and sighed into my mouth sweetly. Fuck. She still overwhelmed me, they all did. Asha was five foot five, with long white blonde hair, light blue eyes the color of a noontime clear sky, and she had a hint of exotic eastern beauty on her face, as well as a breathtakingly innocent beauty. The combination was a heady one. Her complexion was a fair golden brown, and her body was built for sin. 

She had firm and supple heart shaped double D breasts, a delicious ass and wide hips, and in the middle was a mouthwateringly tiny waist. She was more waspish than hourglass because of it, and she loved me in a way that was mind-boggling. She was also wearing a black bikini that put a whole lot of that on display, the ladies in the pool weren't the only distraction from my grilling duties.

"Love you," I whispered, when I cut off the kiss, and I reluctantly turned away from soft light blue eyes and went back to turning the chicken. 

Of course, I loved her, deliriously. How could I not after loving her every night in bed for the last six months, she was still my alien A.I. goddess of hope, emphasis on the mine, but she was also so much more than that as she became accustomed to the intricate and complex emotions, instincts, and needs of a female human body.

"A thousand."

She smirked and blushed at the same time. It'd been a game we were playing, she originally said she would visit for a hundred years, every once in a while I upped that ante a bit. Honestly, I couldn't imagine my life without her and the other ladies in it. Fortunately, she often says I'm hers, and she'll never let me go. Which included death apparently, or even growing old, I still hadn't really wrapped my mind around that concept, not really. Ask me again in a hundred millennia.

That was okay, she was also mine. She'd also become just as incredible in bed as my other ladies, and she was as insatiable as well. Probably a good thing, because she took pride in that, and it was impossible for me to lie to her. I suspected that mind reading was also a part of her success in being a bedroom goddess, she knew my body well, and everything that made my brain turn to mush by euphoric torture.

She snickered, and then winked up at me.

We had a lot of conversations like that, one-word comments from me were fully understood, the fact I didn't mind her reading my mind used to confuse me. But the truth was, I'd realized it was the A.I. thing, I think. Just like I didn't mind the ladies knowing everything about my life, and the idea of them spying on the world didn't bother me either. Privacy was a thing between humans, because humans could be untrustworthy. My five loves were human females in body and emotions, needs, they were people to me, but they were also unfailingly faithful. They would never betray me.

She tilted her head, and then shrugged. I took that to mean she didn't disagree with me, but she wasn't entirely sure either. She'd originally tried to hide her ability from me for a while, for the illusion of privacy, and she'd been just as surprised that I didn't give a shit as I had been.

"Dinner's almost ready." Sort of dinner. It was about two thirty in the afternoon, and we'd skipped lunch.

Asha patted my ass, and then said, "I'll go get the salads and other sides."

I'd have slapped hers in retaliation, if I wasn't holding tongs and a brush with barbeque sauce, and she giggled wickedly as she headed into the house through the French doors. The outdoor table was already set and ready for dinner but keeping the potato and macaroni salads in the fridge until the last moment seemed the wise course.

It was hot out, but not too bad.

My four ladies carried on another few seconds, and then swam toward the ladder. 

Mia yelled after Asha, "Pickles!"

Yeah, food cravings. Four pregnant women at once would be insane if they weren't A.I.s that loved me unconditionally. I took care of them as I noticed things, but they never complained about anything. I also suspected their nanites were keeping their bodies more on an even emotional keel than most pregnancies, they'd solved just about every other health problem. They'd even solved migraines.

They weren't all that big yet, not at six months, but I expected they'd be ballooning out soon. I winced, so glad I didn't say that out loud. Yeah, I'd still think they were as sexy as hell, but ballooning was definitely a bad word choice in my thoughts, fortunately only Asha could read them.

They all put large towels around their bikini clad bodies, and headed for the table, except for Mia.

Mia was my innocent beauty, it still blew my mind sometimes, that they'd purposefully designed their bodies through DNA manipulation to give me a wide variety. Not to mention upping their own libidos and pleasure, they were always ready for me, at the drop of a hat, and they'd all developed their floor muscles through exercise, just to make it good for me. I actually tried not to think about it too often, it always made me feel like a shallow asshole, but I couldn't deny I enjoyed the fuck out of it.

Mia was tallest at five foot seven, and she had a graceful and lithe dancer's body. With soft curves, a limberness that blew my mind, and pert and proud B cups that were slightly torpedoed, and she had deliciously large light pink nipples. Her skin was light tan, and she had golden blonde hair that usually hung in ringlets down to the small of her back, but at the moment was up in a bun. She had vivid dark blue eyes, a button nose, and at nineteen she still displaced the remnants of a fresh faced youthful beauty.

Everything about her screamed wholesome innocence, even her warm voice which was compelling just added to that impression, although she could speak as sultry as any of them when she tried. It also made her fantastic at her job, as saleswoman, HR, social media expert, and she dealt with problems. 

"Hey gorgeous, what's up?" I asked, while I pulled the chicken and brats off the grill.

She smirked, "The new ship is finally ready. It took us a long time to create and tweak what we needed, and we wound up having to build a bigger ship to fit it all."

My eyes narrowed in confusion, "What new ship? There was nothing on the project list."

Mia snickered, "It wouldn't be on the project list, would it? Remember, you asked for weapons."

I did? 

Then it hit me like a cement truck going ninety.

Oh, fuck me, I'm a dumb ass. Six months ago, after Asha's ship killed the probe, stole the data, and screwed with my body we'd all been terrified. It wasn't until the next day that Asha had contacted me through an immersive VR meeting, and I'd completely forgotten in our relief that we hadn't gotten the Earth destroyed, that I'd ordered them to develop space weapons for defense.

Of course it wouldn't be on the project list, because it was an illicit project not related to our main company, just like the spy nanites.

"Umm, cool. We could go check it out then?"

Mia giggled, and accused, "You totally forgot about the weapons too, didn't you?"

I nodded guiltily, how much effort had they put into that? Of course, it wasn't a horrible thing, there were still species out there that were quite dangerous to us, even if their space empires were far away for now, and not so much a practical danger in that moment. Not yet anyway.

She leaned in and kissed my cheek, "We can go after dinner, if you want?"

I nodded absently, still trying to wrap my head around six months of weapons development I hadn't been aware of, because my dumb ass had forgotten. Then I returned her kiss, on the lips, and she giggled in shock as I pulled her tightly against me. Like a little water was going to stop me from doing it properly?

I rubbed her belly, "Fuck, you are so sexy."

Crude perhaps, but I knew women felt unattractive pregnant, and I also knew my ladies would never complain, so I considered it preemptive action. I told them they were beautiful all the time recently. They also had no choice but to believe me, I couldn't lie to any of them. Maybe they didn't read my mind, but I was fairly sure they were logged into my nanites at all times, and constantly monitoring my body's state.

She blushed, "Thank you, master."

Asha wandered over with a curious look on her face, "I'll come, if you two don't mind? I'm curious to see, and I'll be able to let you know how effective they'd be against the aggressive civilizations if they attacked."

I nodded, "Sounds good. You don't already know?"

Asha shrugged, "I know what she thinks, and it would be effective if she's right, but the weapons haven't been fired yet, not outside of simulations and small scale tests."

Mia smiled, and nodded in agreement, "We'll take the M5 north, and then meet it."

"How big is it?"

Mia said, "A full hundred yards now, sixty feet wide, forty-five feet tall in the back, then fifty wide and thirty-five tall in the front."

I nodded, "So it grew by a third, all around."

Mia said, "Yes. The layout is almost identical inside, you won't be able to tell the difference. The extra space is for the weapon and defensive systems between the outer and inner hull plates. Outside of the new navigation and weapons console that is."

Right, that sounded like fun.

I closed the grill cover, and then carried the plate toward the table, where my other three beauties were waiting. Lia was already chowing down on her second pickle spear, and the other two were unashamedly eating potato salad like it was going out of style.

Lia was stunning, and she had a proverbial girl next door beauty. She had long light brown hair, warm brown eyes, full lips that were just on the edge of pouty, and dark tanned skin. She was my first A.I., my creation, my Dahlia. She blushed at my regard, and then shrugged helplessly as she moaned in pleasure and ate her pickle. She was five foot five, with a perfect hourglass body. She had a flat stomach, a mouthwatering waist, above that were her perfectly rounded and pert C cups, below she had sexy hips, and a delicious heart-shaped ass. Her legs were toned. Of course, that flat stomach had a temporary bump on it that just made her sexier.

Emma winked at me as she stabbed a bratwurst with her fork before the plate was even fully on the table, and I chuckled as I moved to my seat. Emma was my sultry and exotic goddess. Her face was exotically beautiful, with high prominent cheek bones, long eyelashes, and pouty lips. Her voice was naturally sultry, and when she tried to be sultry on top of that she was devastating.

She dripped sensual allure without even trying.

She had long gorgeous liquid midnight ringlets down to the small of her back, and expressive stormy gray eyes. Her body at five foot four was sinfully waspish, with rounded D cup breasts and a juicy bubbled ass, between them was a sinfully thin waist, or normally was, but she had the baby bump going too, which made her dark creamy skin glow.

Emma's name was chosen well, healer of the world, and she was determined to fully live up to that name. There was almost nothing her nanites couldn't heal, and I was pretty sure she could heal what they couldn't with other procedures. Of course, the world hadn't benefited from it yet, it would be another nine and a half years before the FDA would approve them for use.

I think she hated that, all the deaths from cancer and other now curable diseases, while the FDA demanded long testing. Still, that kind of thing was important. I had full faith in Emma's abilities and intentions, no doubt that the medical nanites were ready, but the law was the law.

Last, but certainly not least, my sweet Bellona was devouring her first piece of barbeque chicken as I sat down at the table, and I started to load my own plate with chicken, bratwurst, potato salad, and I even took a pickle spear. Although, at Lia's sharp look I guessed I was lucky I was their master, or I might've pulled back a stump.

Clearly, they were her pickles.

Bellona was my sweet and mischievous one. She was petite, and the shortest at five foot one. She had bright red slightly curvy hair that went down to her ass, and stunning light green eyes. She was unfailingly sweet, but also teasing in a fun and joyous kind of way, never cruelly. Unless anyone threatened us, then the startling badass came out. She was the security A.I. in the company, both for our networks, our software, and in the real world.

My sweet Bell had a higher pitched and sweet voice I loved, and she had extremely fair skin, a thin faced beauty, with a smattering of freckles on her nose that matched her sweetly mischievous personality. She was a spritely beauty, elfin in nature. Her lithe and gently curvy body was perfectly proportional, except she had heart shaped C cups that looked huge on her frame, and the sexiest and most petite little bubble butt I'd ever seen.

Lia said, "This is wonderful, thanks Paul."

I shrugged, "I like to barbeque. You're welcome."

We dug in.

 

Chapter Two

Once we got out of the city, the M5 lifted off the ground, and we shot off to the northeast and out over the lake. The rules for flying cars were in and pretty solid. Only emergency and police vehicles in the city, the suburbs had a few rules, and there were almost no rules for out in the rural countryside. Of course, flying cars weren't out yet, I still had the only one, outside of the military maybe.

We flew a couple of miles out on the lake, and were at about two thousand feet, when we rendezvoused with the new ship. It was about a third bigger, and that wasn't the only difference. It was still shaped the same, but it was darker blue, almost black instead of silver. It also had protrusions, several of them that looked like weapons.

As we circled the ship, there looked to be three different kinds.

Thin tubes, along much larger bumps with something that looked like a fat barrel but it looked solid, and the third one was even weirder looking, it stuck out about ten feet and had a bunch of tiny little antennae like things sticking out of it.

Mia said, "The six thin tubes are mass drivers, the eight fat barrels are eighteen-inch-high energy lasers, and the two antennae looking things on the top and bottom are warped subspace weapons. All three weapons have three hundred and sixty-degrees coverage on both axes."

The car moved to the back of the ship, and then flew in to land in the bay airlock.

"Mass drivers? Is that a good idea?"

Mia nodded, "They're small, kinetic damage involves velocity, not just mass, and they fire at a tenth of light speed, which is a hell of a lot of destructive power."

"Right," I agreed, "Which would be bad, say if you missed an enemy ship and it hit something important, like the Earth for example."

Mia giggled, "I took that into account in the design. The projectiles are high mass elements, but small, and also burns up with heat friction, such as reentry into an atmosphere. It would burn up long before it hit the ground. It's also a secondary damage point, when it breaks through a ship and hits their internal atmosphere at speed, it will in essence quickly become plasma, and greatly damage the inside of the ship instead of making just a small hole. It's susceptible to heat, but not much else, which means it'll be relatively intact when it punches through a hull."

Oh, holy fuck.

"Alright, I should've known better."

Mia gave me an amused look of agreement.

Asha nodded, "Smart too, going to a primitive projectile at great speeds. That would even damage my ship, if my energy shields were down. Very little can beat the simple physics of impact at a tenth the speed of light."

Mia winked, "That was my hope."

We got out of the car, and we headed to the bridge. When we got there, I saw we were already in space.

"Did we inform NORAD?"

Mia shook her head, "Nope, they can't see us. One of our defensive measures, we're invisible to heat, radar, and lidar scans, and I know where their normal cameras are pointed. Consider it a test, we can apologize if they saw us. But they didn't."

"Wow."

Mia shrugged, "It won't fool mass sensors, which they don't have yet, and we have no plans to release. I'm still working on that."

The screen blanked, and I felt the deck vibrate for a second, ten seconds later the deck stopped vibrating, and when the screen came back on, we were out by the asteroids. Yeah, FTL was cool, otherwise it'd taken a day to get where we were at that point. 

Mia said, "The eighteen-inch lasers is what it sounds like, it fires a powerful rounded laser beam a foot and a half in diameter, and is far more powerful than the mining lasers."

We walked over to the console, and she brought up the targeting and lasers.

"There are six, one in the bow, stern, starboard, port, top and bottom."

She locked onto one of the asteroids.

"Now, the system is smart, all I had to do was lock onto the asteroid, and the A.I. in charge of weapons will choose the appropriate laser to fire. It cuts down on guess work, especially if a pilot is in the middle of maneuvers and flipping or rotating the ship, it would be almost impossible for a human to pick the right one for the time it fires."

She pressed the red fire button on the console, and it wasn't long before the small asteroid started to burn away as it dug into it, until a few seconds later it exploded.

"Same with the mass driver."

She chose a different asteroid as she changed weapons, a bigger one and much farther away. Then hit the button. The ship didn't even shake, but less than a second later the asteroid just exploded into dust and small chunks.

"Huh. That's pretty cool, but also fucking scary."

Mia smirked up at me.

Asha said, "Both of those weapons would be effective against the dangers to you in this galaxy."
