 Chapter Ten

We were on the bridge, and had barely entered light speed, with ten days ahead of us.

Well, I was on the bridge with Bellona, the others were in the nursery with our babies.

Bellona said, "It's done," in her usual sweet tone of voice, but I could hear the conflict in it. The future looked bright for us, but I felt that same doubt and regret abandoning the Earth. Still, all we could do is what we could do, we couldn't force them to accept us and our version of justice for the truly evil humans among the rest.

I pulled her onto my lap, and I gave her a sweet kiss.

"You're a miracle. Our new world will be amazing, and a place our daughter can live without fear and will be able to flourish."

She smiled at my attempt to cheer her, "I love you, Paul."

I kissed her again, and sighed as she wiggled to get comfortable, or to tease my cock with her tight ass, it could go either way with my sweet Bell. I loved her long bright red hair, mischievously beautiful elfin face, with that smattering of freckles around her nose. 

Her petite lithe body, with the exception those too big for her frame C cups felt wonderful in my arms, not to mention that perfectly supple and adorably petite and sexy bubbled ass wiggling on my cock.

Her green eyes were filled with lovingly mischief, as she nipped my lip.

"Tease," I accused lightly.

She grinned naughtily, and slid off my lap, and between my legs with a challenging look in her eyes.

I just watched, mesmerized, as she took my half hard cock out of my pants, and she nuzzled it with her nose and cheek.

"A tease, master?" she asked mischievously, and quite provocatively.

She gave my tip a butterfly kiss, and her tongue whipped out to tease the slit for a split second.

"Fuck, yes, I love that about you though."

She giggled sweetly, and she spoke in a sweet voice that for some sick twisted reason rivaled the sexy sultriness of Emma's voice in my mind, when it came to dirty talk. She sounded innocent, playful, and it was just so wrong and so hot at the same time, I got instantly hard.

"Your cock loves my naughty lips, doesn't it? It belongs there I think, in my mouth, sliding along my tongue, and taking its sweet pleasure from my tight little throat?"

She sucked the tip, and then nibbled playfully and very softly.

"Fuck, Bell."

She nuzzled my cock, "Fuck... Bell, what, master?"

She teasingly sucked the tip lightly again, and swirled her tongue around the tip, then popped off and looked up at me.

"I love your sweet lips around my cock."

She bit her lip and looked up at me with those lovely light green eyes, as she opened up wide, and slowly took my cock into her mouth. Her tongue expertly teased the bottom of my ridge, and then slathered my length as she just kept going. She swallowed once to take me into her throat, and then moaned softly in pleasure as her nose hit my abdomen.

Fuck.

She pulled away, and she popped off my cock again. Her hand wrapped around me, and started to stroke lightly, her spittle more than enough lubrication.

"Like that master?" she asked in a deceptively innocent voice.

Fuck, she loved to tease me, and I had to admit I loved being teased. It drove me crazy, and I fought the urge to grab her hair and take her mouth, because if I let her tease me it would be far more intense than that at the end.

Plus, I'd feel like a dick if I did that, Mia enjoyed being used, and got off on a good face fucking. My sweet Bell didn't, she liked it gentle and teasing.

"Exactly like that, please Bell."

She grinned naughtily, "Please what?" she asked, and then licked my cock from base to crown, and back down again, only to lightly suck in one of my balls as she looked up through her eyebrows in coquettish innocence.

"Please, suck my dick, before I lose my mind."

She giggled, and then sucked on the side of my dick playfully, as she ran her lips up and down. It was surprisingly enjoyable, but also a major tease, while technically doing what I asked of her. Still, she didn't do that for too much longer before she kissed the tip tenderly, and then gazed up at me with joy and love in her eyes.

She fucking adored me, and she loved that I let her be herself and tease me when the mood hit. As much as she loved me for putting up with her intense war goddess aspect of personality when we played paintball.

Then I gasped, as she took me into her sweet, wet, and hot mouth, and she moaned in profound pleasure as I popped into her throat. Her eyes lost her teasing look as she looked up at me with adoration, devotion, and there was pure joy in her eyes as she started to bob up and down my whole length. Her lips, suction, tongue, and throat worked my flesh in perfect harmony to blow my mind, as she made love to my cock with her mouth.

"That's it, my sweet Bell, fuck you feel so good around me. Such a sweet and naughty mouth, perfect around me, giving me what I want, what I need."

She moaned deeper at the praise, and she sped up. She stopped taking me as deeply in her throat, as her hand wrapped around the base, and she started to bob her head even faster, as she used her hand to milk me firmly and twist at the top as her tongue swirled my tip.

It was more than intense, and I was lost in her eyes as my hands caressed her head and hair, as I felt myself rocket toward my release. I was so fucking close, when she popped off my cock, and started to nuzzle it again with a naughty teasing smile and adoration in her eyes.

That look was almost enough to send me over, but not quite.

Fuck, my sexy Bellona was going to kill me, but when she finally did let me come, almost a half an hour and four more orgasm denials later, it was one of the most powerful orgasms I'd ever experienced as she lovingly swallowed my seed, and her body shook against me with her own release, triggered by my own.

Then she lovingly cleaned me up, put me away, and crawled back onto my lap to cuddle.

"You really enjoy that," I said contentedly, as I stroked her hair.

She bit her lip, and nodded, "I live for it master, I truly do. To tease and please you, it's my favorite thing. I love the way you look at me, with so much love and patience, so much amazement. The way you feel in my mouth, the way I feel doing it, and the noises of pleasure you make at my touch."

"Favorite? Better than teasing me with regular sex, riding on top? I know you love that too."

She tilted her head, "Yes. And no. Obviously, the latter brings me more physical pleasure, so I like normal sex better for that reason. But the other is more emotionally fulfilling for me, transcendent even. It's a lovingly devoted service to you, while also being allowed and even encouraged by you to express my teasing and mischievous nature so freely. In that sense nothing is better than me being on my knees for you."

I sighed in mock anger, "Now you've done it."

She looked into my eyes, "What, master?"

I shook my head in faux disgust, "I'm hard again."

She giggled, and wiggled on my cock, "I noticed."

Dear god, they were going to kill me. The weird thing, that speech didn't make me feel any guilty twinges at all about how they were made to love and serve me. There'd been far too much joy and dreamy contentment in her eyes and voice, how could I possibly object?

"Master?" she asked.

"Yes, Bell?"

She said sweetly, "Well master, I am wearing a skirt, for your convenience, master."

"Right, good call."

"Master?"

"Yes, Bell?"

She added sweetly, "I'm also not wearing panties, for your convenience, master."

I groaned, and my cock pushed up into her ass hard, as I twitched.

She giggled naughtily, and more than a little breathily, before she straddled my legs, and then reached down to fish out my cock.

It was going to be an interesting ten-day trip, five ladies, no waiting, and four constant babysitters to ensure privacy, with little else to do, outside of spending my own time with the babies of course.

Fuck, they were so going to kill me.

 

Chapter Eleven

Well, I survived the trip, and thanks to Emma's healing and moisturizing cream, and nanites, so did my cock.

We were about to drop out of warp and see our first home for the first time. At least in person, I'd seen tons of survey photos. It was both remarkably like Earth, but also remarkably different at the same time.

The gravity was ninety eight percent of Earth, so I'd probably weight just over three pounds lighter, not really something I'd probably even notice. The axial tilt was a few degrees smaller, which would result in milder seasonal changes, but even that wouldn't matter much setting up near the tropical zone.

The atmosphere was a little thinner at sea level, about like living at two thousand feet above sea level on Earth, but the atmospheric mix was extremely similar. The EM field around Cassiopeia was a bit stronger than the one around Earth, so we definitely didn't have to worry about stellar radiation, the sun was more than stable enough.

Cassiopeia was about three fifths water, and most of the land was a single continent like Earth was reputed to be long ago, with a few island chains elsewhere. As a result, there were some large tropical storms on occasion, large enough that we were avoiding the edge of the continent for now. I was sure we'd eventually put in some resorts, a few hundred miles or even a thousand wasn't far to go in a flying car, but that distance across land would drain the hell out of a tropical storm.

According to the database the flora was as varied on Cassiopeia as it was on earth, but the animal population was limited to water animals and fish, smaller animals on land, and insects. From what was tested, we could eat a number of things safely enough, but it wouldn't hurt us or help us. It'd be like a lettuce diet, all roughage and nothing the body needed or could use.

Which of course, is why we brought seed, and enriched soil mixed with loam for the farms. Still, maybe there'd be a few new herbs and spices down there for a chef or two to experiment with. 

We dropped out of FTL, and a bright blue planet appeared on our viewscreen. It was a darker blue than Earth, but not by much. It was also only blue, but that changed as we made orbit and circled the planet to the other side, where the huge ten-thousand-mile-wide continent had been hiding. It was a darker green, just by a few shades, and there was something familiar about that which tickled my mind.

Asha said, "Yeah, it was terraformed over a million years ago."

My head turned to the side as we got lower, and then my eyes widened.

"To be like Tau Ceti?"

Asha nodded, "Yes."

Right, I hoped they wouldn't be mad we moved into their summer home when they got back.

Asha giggled, "No. It was more of an experiment, they'd be pleased it was being put to good use, otherwise I'd have been charged with protecting it as I protect the home world and the technology and knowledge on it."

That... actually made me feel a bit better. The world, according to the information on it, wasn't quite perfect, there were poisonous plants to be avoided, and dangers, but overall the world was just about perfect to move into with little to no deadly dangers on it. At least, not any that couldn't be avoided with a little common sense. I'd actually been a little worried it was too good to be true, but if it'd been designed that way it made a lot of sense.

"The other four worlds?"

Asha shook her head, "No, but then they have large animal populations, and a few more challenges, none of them insurmountable though."

Two of the bays on the colony ship were opened, and two smaller ships flew out of it and headed toward the asteroid belt about twelve light minutes away. Those ships were basically automated factories of a sort, and they'd start getting our defensive fleet built. It'd take time, they had to build the infrastructure to build before they could build ships.

On the good side, it wouldn't take that long. The ships being built would be a third the size of the family ship we were on, without the need for storage, all of that space would be nothing but engineering, weapons, and defenses. About a hundred feet long, twenty wide, and fifteen high in the back, with the same shaped curved lines to the front that became ten feet wide and five feet high in the front.

We were behind and to the side of the colony ship, as it lowered into the atmosphere. The colony ship was vast, almost two miles long, and it had twenty decks, most of which were very large warehouses. There were also a lot of external airlocks, to facilitate quick loading and unloading.

We headed straight for a spot several hundred miles inland, not all that far away from a wide river. There were dark spots on the ground and a clear area around them without any trees or local foliage. As we got closer to the dark spots, I could see they were shallow holes in the ground a few feet deep in hundred acre lots.

The probe we'd sent had been busy, and I guessed those were the farms. My thought was verified a few moments later when the giant ship paused over the first one, and it opened up a bay on the bottom of the ship. Earth dropped out of it into one of the holes in a big messy pile of dirt and loam, and then as if by magic the dirt was smoothed out and flattened filling the hole perfectly. Of course, it was gravity manipulation that was doing it.

At the same time, several relatively small sheds were dropped from the ship, using gravity to place them carefully near the new farm. Those were filled with the seeds, and with combine machines that could both seed and harvest when the time came. Others were filled with the supplies to build a basic prefabbed farmhouse, real housing could come later, we needed basic shelters quickly.

The ship did that several times, in essence getting the farmland ready. The farmers could start planting as soon as the seed and farming equipment were ready. From what I understood, there were a variety of crops, and even fruit tree seeds for groves of orange, apples, and others. Oh, and coffee beans. Can't forget that, the god plant.

Asha snickered.

Only about two thirds of the holes were filled in, the last third would be filled with the second trip, when the second five hundred thousand arrived to complete that first colony town. As far as I knew, the probe was off digging more holes with its gravity tech, for the other nineteen towns, or I supposed a small sprawling city would be more accurate with a population of a million.

I looked over at the babies, who were all happily nursing on their mothers.

"Are we sure this is safe?"

Lia giggled, "Yes, dad."

"Microbes and all that. Virus, bacteria..." I trailed off.

Emma said, "Not a problem. Just like we can't eat the animals here, because the protein chains are different and our bodies couldn't process it, the microbes on this world couldn't flourish in our bodies. Thanks to the nanite injections at boarding, we also won't be destroying this world's eco system with some disease we take with us."

Yeah, I knew that, but my sons and daughters were about to breathe alien air, I wasn't that sure, at least not in my gut. But, at the same time I trusted my loves, they would know. I blew out a breath.

The ship moved north several miles and we followed it, there were several thousand four acre plots, all surrounding a square mile city center. Of course, the plots weren't really demarcated physically, but I could see it through augmented reality, and so would everyone else. Call it a virtual assay of the area for what could be claimed.

We figured four acre lots were big enough for most sized houses with a huge yard besides, but if someone wanted something bigger, they could live outside the town limits if they wished.

Of course, we didn't bring along enough prefab housing for everyone, only the farmers who needed to hit the ground running, so we'd have food when the stuff we brought with us ran out. Temporary prefabbed barracks would do as temporary housing for the first year while the builders got to work. We planned to stay on the ship.

Along the edges of the city center, the ship started unloading all the equipment and resources the builders would need to get started. Everyone else outside of the cooks and sanitation people would help as they could. There were a whole lot of those small sheds filled with the needed tools and equipment to get started. Fortunately, there wouldn't be any confusion as to what was in what, the augmented reality nanites everyone had would keep it organized.

Just looking at a shed with intent would list what was inside of it, and a mental request for a specific shed would result in walking directions. We didn't have much of an internet yet locally, but we had enough of one to get started. Of course, the ship would move one more time, to drop off the minimum supplies and tools we'd taken to start up an industrial park far from the city center and housing.

A lot of things like flying cars, and other dealers would come in the second wave, but there were enough floating carts and such to move equipment around that things should go up quickly. At least the basic food and shelter requirements for life.

It would take two days to fully unload everyone and everything, and then the colony ship would leave. It'd be back in about twenty-five days after that, with the other half. It was almost an overwhelming overtaking, except of course, there wasn't much for us to do. We'd planned it, built the ship, and while they'd paid money to join us to cover the food and seed, and the first year which would be more commune living until we could kick off a proper economy, there wasn't much at all for us to do.

It was their colony, they were building it. That was essential, the largest danger of A.I. was making human beings obsolete, and unneeded to run the world. We were the government, not their parents.

At least, not in regard to the buildings and houses. We were responsible for piping for water and waste, creating a sewage system, treatment plant, and all that, which we were. Also a jail, government house, and other infrastructure projects.

Or, at least, the automated equipment my ladies had designed were doing all that, just like those mining and building ships out by the asteroids were building our defensive fleet. Once they were done, they'd move on to the next town. We had enough to get it done in less than two months, so we could keep up with the incoming.

In short, there was very little for me to do, which let me focus on the kids, and my ladies. Really, we'd step in if there was a major emergency, but otherwise our job was to make sure no abuse or crime took place.

Our ship hovered over our larger ten-acre government house lot, right outside the city center. It would take time for our automated builders to put up a large mansion, like the one we had in North Chicago, but the ship was comfortable.

It was also relatively small.

"Anyone up for a walk?"

"Yes!" was their chorused response.

The ship lowered us down to the ground. The air smelled strange, not bad, just different. It'd take some getting used to before it felt right. It was also exciting, as I took my first steps on an alien world. Our alien world. The sun looked a bit bigger, Cassiopeia was closer to the sun in the goldilocks zone than Earth was to Sol, which I supposed made sense. Slightly thinner atmosphere wouldn't hold the heat as well as Earth had.

The trees looked odd, and I could hear the chittering of small animals, but I couldn't see any of them. Not at first, until several of them came out of the trees to check us out. They were about the size of a squirrel, and I knew they were herbivores and insect eaters. They looked, alien, although they did have four legs like Earth animals, they also had a very fuzzy coating of short fur, their eyes were separated farther for a better range of vision.
