 "Where do I go from here? " 

"Daisy" contemplated her future while casually strolling through the city of Boston. Born here 30 years ago she found herself tempted to return home but knew well that the Military would be staking out her heritage. Sadly, she knew that she must forever be dead to the past. All family that she knew and loved could never know her presence ever again. Most of them gone these days. 

Her life begins anew. At 5'7, stunningly tanned complexion and perfectly toned body she caught the glance of every man on the street. Her long blond locks tossed about in the sea breeze. Her artificial android skin escalated its sensations tenfold. The flesh was designed to increase all feeling for pleasure. The merest touch attacked her senses. 

Yes, you read correctly.

"Daisy" was part of what the U.S. Government referred to as their "ANNdroid" program. "MANdroid" if they were a male counterpart.

She and her colleagues had built the perfect homes. Their minds transferred over into these palaces of perfection would lead to a life of intrigue and beauty if careful. They had planned for every scenario imaginable in avoiding the military catching up to them. No satellite tracking devices within. No energy signatures. No fingerprints easily traced. 

Each of them had procured a tiny stash of money to begin life. Unfortunately some poor soul had to cough up their finances through mental manipulation. There was no choice. They had to look like the average citizen. Having no money would look suspicious. Still, the vile nature of how they would get it did not settle well with some. In Daisy's case she only took what was necessary. That however would never last long in this bold new world. 

Sooner or later they would need to find ways to replenish their monetary needs. Getting jobs would require paying taxes. Seeing as they officially didn't exist that would be impossible. Cash only jobs would undoubtedly require them to do things they would never ordinarily do. She hoped it would never come to that. Yet, she knew survival would depend on it. Luckily she didn't need to eat. Just put up a good act by doing so. With her brains and newfound beauty she smiled sheepishly, there would be no problems there. It would all be a matter of manipulation. Even if her suggestions overrode the sensibilities of others.

Strolling along the boardwalk she pulled her coats collar closer to her throat. As warm as the sun was this June day, the sea breeze chilled her sensor controlled flesh. She gasped as she felt her nipples stab erect dramatically. Jaw dropped she giggles, "This is going to be exhilarating." 

The last ten years she had been cooped up in the think tank called, "OASIIS". Unofficially non existent to the world. Housed in the Adirondacks beneath a mountain it refrained from public knowledge. She was just happy to have escaped. More than happy. 

Noticing men drooling from every angle she smiles coyly and unzips her coat as she walks along. The chill devastated her nerve sensors forcing her to grit her teeth until her thoughts could agree with what changes she could relate to. She never imagined that such a difference between her birth born flesh and the artificial epidermis of her android body could be so variant. 

It would take getting used to. With a deep breath filling her artificial lungs she pulls her arms free of her coat and stands tall to let the world see her absolutely Goddess like chest. Perfect 36D's with challenging areolas that imprinted her white and blue T-shirt. Glancing down at them she whistled. Her nipples were like guided missiles. She was hardly the only one to notice.

Suddenly, she reflects back to her past life as a scholar forced by the United States Government to assist in perfecting Android Assassins for Black Op and infiltration missions. A life of growing old and overweight. Hardly anything special. Now look at her she faintly smiles admiring herself in a shop window. Only her mind had been transferred from her own physical body into this machine of artificial flesh, bone, and blood. A body so perfect it had no flaws. Unless she mentally told it too. She indeed was a Goddess walking the Earth.

As remarkable as it was, she still shivered at the fact her true body was dead. Deceased along with the other 30 scientists and special people held against their will. Forced to unite in a daring escape inside the bodies of these living weapons. Not only was she now essentially immortal, but with the remarkable research the group managed to secretly conquer mind control and telepathy amongst themselves. Even minor short range telekinesis. They could easily take charge of another human beings actions and thoughts. Mental mirages that made them puppets on a string. Something she didn't care to abuse unless it became necessary.

Each android body had various manipulations to assist in their missions. Such as fingerprint evolver modes which allowed the android to scan another human being and recreate their prints on their own body. Voice alteration. Even the skin could change its tint from lily white to bronze tan to the darkest black. Freckles, moles, etc. could be added and removed at will. Eyes could change color like a chameleon. Hair could modify it's length and consistency. Curls one day, straight the next.

Physical harm had a self repair mode. Bruises, cuts, even gunshot wounds could heal within minutes. Blood was artificial and refueled through bathing in water. Even a digestive system allowed the android body to consume food and drink like a normal human. Waste stored and expelled the same as a human host. Truly a remarkable beast. 

The muscles within were designed for extreme maneuvers. Polymer over metal to avoid detection. There was no tiring and the structure of the bodies were designed for peak physical condition with added adrenalin to spark the strength of 5 men. Amazing indeed.

Daisy, the name she adopted while on the bus coming to Boston had no choice but to embrace a new identity. Having seen millions of daisy patches along the highway she thought it was a beautiful name. One that reminded her of rebirth each year. It suited her.

In her flashbacks she lost sight of her surroundings. To her shock she had not sensed anyone close to her. She would need to develop an early warning system. Currently there was no reacting to oppose this inevitability. 

Daisy bumps head on with a man wearing a leather jacket and holding a cup of coffee. Their unexpected impact splashed his coffee all over her shirt and his hand. The heat burnt his knuckles while she merely stood there without any reaction to pain. He growled glancing briefly between she and his reddened hand until he noted her nipples stabbing toward him. 

Calming down he discovers her eyes and swallows hoarsely, "I'm really sorry for ruining your shirt. Did I burn you?" 

Daisy tilts her head shyly, "No. I guess I'm tough like that." She pulls the shirt up slightly to examine the stains revealing her succulent belly button. A shame he hadn't quite noticed yet. Frowning at the brown spots she shrugs, "It's only a t-shirt. You can buy me another." 

Stunned by her expectation he chuckles lightly, "For what it's worth my name is Glenn. Glenn Mercer." 

She lowered her shirt and shook his hand, "I'm Daisy."

Glancing out over the bay she spots something that assists her identity, "Daisy Lighthouse. Yes, I know. My parents are British. I however was raised here thus no accent. " She was proud of her lie. Quick thinking she thought. 

He merely nodded and shook his head almost embarrassed, "I'm not laughing at your name. Honestly! To be frank I'm having more difficulty not looking south of your neckline." 

Daisy blushed artificially and grinned her perfect pearly whites, "Obvious chill in the air. They have a mind of their own I'm afraid. I'm deathly allergic to bras by the way."

Untrue of course but she wasn't wearing one. It was a good excuse.

He fidgets then gives up staring directly at her chest. "There is a God. Devil too sadly. Anyways, are you from here in Boston?" 

She stammers lightly, "No. Relocating here and looking for work. All of my belongings are in storage until I find a place to live. Seedy motel's for now." Of course she was again forced to lie. Everything she owned was on her person. Stolen clothing to be exact. No motel to call home. She had just hit the city and was playing things by ear. 

Glenn frowned readily, "Motel's can really suck around here. Unless you're rich. If not, then its a Roach Motel for sure." 

She lowers her gaze, "I'm hardly rich. Can I be honest with you, Glenn?" She hesitates studying his reaction. She couldn't bear to lie.

"Of course." As he awaits her extension he sips the remainder of his coffee. 

Daisy casually cradles her removed jacket over her folded arms, "I just got off the bus. I really don't have a thing to my name. No money. No job. No motel. Know of any shelters nearby?" 

He stands shocked by her revelation and frowns, "At least you're honest. The second time around. What's a beauty like you doing without a life? What are you running from?" 

She groans inside thinking to herself, "Only the world. I'm more sought after than Al-Queda." Trying to focus she shrugs, "Nothing really. I woke up one day and needed a new life. Left my dead end job and never looked back." 

"Modelling career that awful?" He jests as she smiles.

"Looks are all I have my friend. But, looks aren't everything." 

He puffs his cheeks then opens himself up, "I suppose I owe you that shirt. How longs it been since you had a hot meal?" 

"Day's actually. However, I'm sorely in need of a hot shower and sleep." She had no true necessity for either yet she knew she needed a place to hold up for a few days until she knew where she was headed. Perhaps this chance encounter with Glenn was her temporary meal ticket. She knew even if this stranger was bad news she could easily overtake him. Besides she thought reflecting back to her past life of loneliness that maybe she could have a little fun with this given situation. After all, she knew she had the looks now. It made zero sense not to exploit it occasionally. Besides, curiosity of her newfound senses needed to be tested. She had to know her capabilities. 

Glenn puckered his lips in thought before speaking further, "Lucky for you I'm not married and between girlfriends. I won't have to hide you." He chuckles then winks, "I'm teasing. No expectations in the least. Let's go shopping. My treat." 

She flutters her eye lashes, "Sure you can afford my tastes, Mr. Mercer?" 

He nods illogically, "Plastic Surgeon. That's why I panicked when I burnt my hand. Got to be careful of these babies." 

She steps closer and removes the coffee cup from his hand to study the markings. "I think you should be just fine, Dr. Glenn." 

Glenn reluctantly stares directly into her eyes, "Good thing the coffee didn't burn that lovely chest of yours I might have had to offer my services to fix them." 

She pouts dramatically, "You just wanted to touch them." 

The man offers a shocked response that turned into a nod of honesty, "That did cross my mind. Anyways, shopping? I can offer at least four things. A clean set of clothing. A hot meal. Hotter shower. And, a spare bedroom with a door to lock for the night. You can decide your next move after a good nights rest."

She steps back, "That's very kind of you, Glenn. I hope everyone in Boston is as nice as you are. For the sake of my sanity I will accept your offer. On one condition." 

"And what might that be?" He reclaims his coffee cup from her.

She turns away from him whipping her coat over her left shoulder before looking back with a blush, "You allow me to fulfill whatever fantasy you might have. Anything goes." 

Hearing this Glenn's eyes bulge, "Please tell me you're not a hooker." 

She twists back to face him with a disturbed look, "Not even. Glenn I'm only in a playful mood. I don't want your money. Even though it might appear I'm needy. I'm a survivor. The only reason I gave you that condition is because I'm--well--needy in a non monetary way. It's been forever since I've--you know--been exotic." She groaned inside at her words, "Like six years." Thinking of her old body and looks. Glenn was a God compared to her last sexual encounter six years ago with a weasel Guard at Project :OASIIS.

Glenn glanced swiftly at his watch, "Do you play cards?" 

She shakes her head, "Not really, why?" 

"Not to make you feel uncomfortable but I forgot that tonight's poker night at my house. Few college friends coming over. I'm not reneging on my offer, just warning you ahead of time." 

With a sly grin she again turns away allowing him a look at her perfect ass beneath worn jeans slightly too large for her he just realized. She once more looks over her shoulder, "Feed me, Seymour. Then, you can at least dress me presentably for your friends." 

He smiles with a nod, "My car's four blocks away. Shall we?" 

Accepting an advanced arm she curls her own within his and lets him lead the way.

During their walk he called his Clinic and told them to cancel his later appointments. This day was too magical to pass up.

Reaching his car she grinned, "BMW! I'm impressed." She indeed had questioned his occupational honesty. Obviously he did indeed have money. Perhaps he was a Surgeon. Then it dawned on her, she could telepathically eavesdrop on his thoughts. Even read his heartrate like a lie detector. No! That would be an invasion. Delores would never do that. Yet, she was Daisy now. 

Opening the door for her she eased in and got comfortable. "Shameless, Daisy!" she considered realizing her new android body was being used to manipulate her way. She knew without this body she would never have gotten more than an apology from Glenn if he had seen her human form. As edgy as acceptance was she knew her guilt would need to go away in favor of this new blessed life. Still it would always rear its ugly head when she least expected it.

Glenn once in and buckled up starts his car then glances over at her. She warmly smiles, "Is everything okay, Glenn?" 

He hesitates for a moment, "Look, I'm not trying to make you uncomfortable but that perfume you're wearing is intoxicating." 

She bites her lower lip realizing the android body's pheromone secretion was adapting to her situation. She knew Glenn must be suffering terribly. A chance glance at his crotch while he looked both ways before pulling out into the street she noted a monster erection beneath his slacks. Her mind exploded with old self/ new self revelations. She waits awhile before replying to his comment, "Thank you, Glenn. For noticing."

Five miles away Glenn found a mall and parked his BMW before leaping out to open her door. Daisy exits and reclaims his arm following his lead. Inside the mall they walked quietly until they passed by a Victoria's Secret. 

She noted Glenn's hesitant curiosity before stopping, "I may be allergic to bras but panties I could use." 

He stops and releases her arm, "Then, let's say hi to Vicki." 

"I feel like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman." She whispers.

Daisy giggles and moves into the store ahead of him scanning about at various styles before settling on G-strings holding up a lavender pair and a red, "What's your favorite color, Glenn?"

He puckers forcing out a nasally whistle, "Both! Why don't you add a black pair. And, a white. And, a yellow. Hell, buy the rainbow." 

She offers unblinking eyes of ocean blue before gathering each color and carrying them to the sales counter. The cashier winked at her, "Great choices. He's a lucky man."

Daisy in turn inhales deeply into her artificial lungs before exhaling, "I don't think they would fit him."

Glenn chuckles, "Not even." 

Credit card claiming to own them Daisy grabs her bag of garments and they move on arm in arm. "Thank you, Glenn. I think real clothing should be next . A simple replacement shirt will do." 

In turn he shakes his head, "No! If you plan on settling here in Boston and looking for work you need to have more than one outfit. Go crazy. I'll stop you when I think you've reached your limit." 

Patting his forearm she smiles, "I will pay you back. Your kindness is very refreshing, Glenn." 

Discovering a clothing store he releases her to examine the racks. She lifts hangers up to show him various possibilities. He winces at some then thumbs up others. Eventually, she see's herself in a nearby mirror and stands in awe of her own beauty, "WOW! Okay, you win ANNdroid. Hiding this body would be stupid. Fashion show it is."

She gathers her mound of choices and discards some lesser revealing choices before turning to Glenn, "Dressing room time. Opinion making much?" 

He motions her to lead the way finding an unlocked room and sets about changing while he holds her bag of panties. 

Her first choices were an array of jeans and slacks. Finding the most figure forming pairs to accent button down shirts which she slyly left unbuttoned half way open to reveal massive cleavage. 

Settling on her first match she opens the door and exits to let Glenn view her. He drops his jaw and stutters, "Daisy--forgive me but I'm not even going to pretend not to notice those."

She grins, "Of course not. Speak your mind. I'm not shy and neither should you be. But, aside my cleavage how do I look?" He nods without a word only a grin. Good enough for her. 

Back inside the room she tries on a pair of white shorts that ride exceptionally high on the thighs and matches them with a yellow tank top that with her 36D's at the moment fit snuggly. A slight thought to decrease her breast size she dropped to a C cup. As ever her nipples punctured outward so much that even she had to roll her fingers around the impressions. The sensation devastated her artificial nervous system which was kicked into overdrive. "Damn! This body is going to drive even me insane sexually. I've never in my life felt this turned on. Glenn is going to bust a nut seeing these." With a giggle and brightened eyes she steps outside for Glenn's approval. 

Glenn leaning on a clothing rack jumps erect and casually moves to hide himself behind it. She wrinkles her nose at his embarrassment, "Too much? I love it." 

In response he puffs his cheeks, "You know I'm hiding back here don't you?" 

She chuckles blushing and palms her breasts together teasingly, "Why? What could you possibly be hiding from? Stick around I might need an extra clothes hanger." 

Winking she returns to the room to disrobe and try a variety of dresses. Choosing length first in an all white dress with more open cleavage but hidden behind a short sleeve mini vest. "This would look awesome with a white or black choker." 

Stepping out he offers a thumbs up before biting his knuckle playfully. Sharing laughs she adds the outfit to her purchase list. Five outfits later she steps out to see him dangling a bikini on a hanger. It piques her interest at his fondness for yellow. With her golden tan she knew it would be perfect. After getting his yes on a pink frontal laced up girdle and a black stretchy mini skirt she claims the bikini. "Certain I'm not bankrupting you?" 

He shakes his head, "No! I do hope after all this though that you won't be a stranger." 

She faintly smiles knowing that inevitably she would have to run if the military closed in on her. "As long as I can. However, for the length of time I can stay I guarantee you have my word that I won't be a ghost. Deal?"

Warm smiles shared she enters her dressing room undressing yet again to stand naked. The bikini was almost non existent. G-string bottoms and eyepatch top as she covered her nipples leaving very little cloth surrounding them. Most of her lower breasts were visible. Stunned by the outfit she once again reflected to her past body grimacing, before a huge glint in her eyes. A sudden burst of excitement made her jump up and down watching her perfect breasts bouncing wildly. Finally stopping she readjusts her bottoms slightly running her fingers over her lower abdomen. 
