 Glenn Mercer pulled his BMW into the garage of his Boston home. 

Daisy Lighthouse as she called herself admired the estate he owned long before parking. Offering her compliments of his gardening skills which he laughed at with a remarked, "That would be the gardener, Jose's job. Once a week." 

Gathering her bags from the trunk and the back seat he showed her the way into the house. Once over the garage entries threshold Daisy stood in awe.

"This is the cleanest house I have ever seen. Maid?"

He chuckles, "No. Just a neat freak." 

She smiles devilishly, "Guess you're not looking to hire a maid then." 

He drops her bags by the steps of a sunken living room and chuckles taking his leather jacket off. 

"I'd have to go over your job references and qualifications." 

She stuck her tongue out at him, "We both know I'd look good in a French Maids outfit." 

He nods leaning over to return his tongue back at her, "And it appears you speak French very well Madamoiselle!"

After a silent stare he clasps his hands together. "Okay. I know you're starving and I'm certain tired. Let's get your wardrobe to the guestroom and I can show you the shower. With the fellas coming over to play poker we usually just order out for pizza. That sound okay for dinner?"

She expresses her delight with, "Absolutely! Actually, I'm not as tired as I was. I guess the excitement of my first new friend and his generosity have opened my eyes. Should I stay in my room while your friends are here so they don't get the wrong impression? They might insinuate that we have something extracuricular if you know what I mean." 

He frowns with a pucker, "Personally I don't care what they say. I'll leave that up to you. You are definitely welcome to join us." She eyes the fireplace to the left of the sunken living room and the picture frames on its mantle. A casual journey to be nosey he spots Glenn and another woman in a picture frame. With an awkward clearing of his throat he opens up, "That's Samantha! Sam as I called her. Ex-Wife!" Daisy notes another photo of a teenage boy, "Your son?" 

"Yes. Liam! He just turned eighteen. Lives with his Mother over at Beacon Hill. I get him every two weeks religiously. Loves sports. Usually hit a Sox game couple times a season. Bruins otherwise. Plays guitar!" 

She smiles respectfully, "As handsome as his Father. Hopefully I won't be a burden long so I don't interfere with his next visitation." 

He puts a hand up to stop her, "Don't sweat it. Liam's cool. It's not like we're lovers you and I."

He blushes lightly as she stares at him without expression. Swiftly changing the subject he looks at his watch, "Three hours til the guys get here. I need to set up the card table out by the pool and make a beer run. You go freshen up and I'll get what I need done." 

She looks around the house, "You have a pool?"

He motions with his head to follow her through the house to a set of french doors leading to an indoor pool. Sliding them open she smiles vividly, "I haven't swam in ten years. Would you mind while I'm here?" 

He chuckles, "Feel free, Rainbow Bright." 

Winking over her array of bikini colors in the bags Glenn rubs his palms together.

She in turn grins, "Yellow it is." 

Nodding without words Glenn shuts the door and returns to the bags gathering them up with her help. Furthering their travel upstairs he shows her a room which contained a kingsized bed and plenty of space. Placing the bags on the mattress he points to the door to an ajoining bathroom. "Bathrooms in there. Fully stocked with everything you might need, be you male or female. I buy in bulk. Not just a neat freak." He rolls his eyes sensing he's being a geek, "I'm going now. See you around 7:00?" 

"Daisy Fresh!" She smiles as her bodies scent expresses a vivid breath of fresh air.






Glenn leaving the room by closing the door she finds herself alone. Sitting on the bed after shuffling bags to make a seat she glances around the room. Silence took over for 5 minutes. Guilt still creased her thoughts. She wondered how her fellow escapees were coping with freedom. It had to have been difficult on some of them. Their luck was hardly as fortunate as Daisy's. Their struggle to create new identities had to be traumatic. Still she wished them nothing but the best.

Deep inside her android body she studied her organic circuitry and learned more about herself. So many facets to this new body she inhabited. What worried her most was her defense mechanisms. This android body was after all built to be a lethal weapon. It dawned on her while subjected to the bus ride to Boston that if this body reacted to being caught off guard she might kill someone. That scared the holy hell out of her. Yet, Glenn was not a corpse after their coffee impact. 

Sure, her brain patterns mastered over the Androids guidance system yet it was designed to react to any emergency. She found Glenn Mercer to be very likeable and to ever hurt him would destroy what little soul she carried over with her thoughts. 

With a sigh she breaks her trance and stands up to find hangers in the closet for her new clothing. Dangling the necessities on rods she closed the door and went about placing her dainties in the dresser to the left of her bed. Finally she crumpled the bags and hid them under the bed for now. In her reflections she lost track of two whole hours.

Her journey ended in the bathroom where she glared at herself in the basins mirror. With a glint of disgust she abandoned her stolen clothing she had worn ever since her escape. "Time to toss out these rags. Moving up to the east side Weezie!" 

Once nude she again admired herself, "There is just no words for what I've become. Getting used to this Goddess effect should be easier than this. I don't deserve to be this hot. A lowly microtechnician who can't even apply her skills ever again. How would I produce credentials for a job in my field? At least not without offering up red flags for OASIIS and the Government hovering over their computers just hoping I make that mistake. No, whatever I do for work it has to be simple and unnoticeable. Hate to say it but I might have to get a job as a stripper. Cash only. Ugh! I see my old chunky butt body swinging on a stripper pole. Gotta close that part of my brain off somehow. Learning to walk Baby."

She knows her android body need not shower or sleep yet her mind refuses to give up such simple pleasures as a hot steamy shower or a bubble bath. Shower it was as she started the water and waited inside as the cold chill adapted to her flesh, converting to heat. It felt lovely. Her nervous system increased its every pleasure as her pores reacted like miniature tortures. With every cascade she felt her senses heighten from ticklishness, too hot flashes, then erotic tension. Gritting her teeth tightly she had never dreamt her first official shower as an android would be so intense. Eying the showerhead she noted it to be removeable and reluctantly clutches it with steady fingers if not trembling within her thoughts. Lowering the cable of the showerhead she dared to expose the torrent to her vagina. The stream of water terrorized her artificial clitoris in such a way all she could do was verbally howl. Constantly! At the top of her lungs!

Downstairs Glenn was answering his front door. Arriving early as usual was his buddy Freddie. At the threshold both heard the shouts. Fred Lipton stopped grabbing the doorjam with a fearful reaction. The six foot blackman with a bald head and spongey beard stood with bulging eyes, "You buy a pit bull?" 

Glenn glaring up the stairs behind him chuckled, "She's no dog. Might be in heat though. Time will tell." 


Fred brightened up, "You and Sammy get back together?" 

Glenn could only frown, "Never gonna happen, Buddy. Hey thanks for making that beer run for me on your way here. Saved me some time getting set up." 

Fred handed him the case of Budweiser under his armpit and walked in to close the front door. "No prob! So if that's not Sammy, who's the She-wolf?" 

Talking over the howls which intensified forcing them to wince from the reverb Glenn stood worried, "Sounds painful." 

Fred swiftly re-opened the front door and looked into the sky, "Whew! No full moon!" Before he could shut the door he noticed another car pull up in the drive, "Dude and Tony are here. Think you should chain up the Hound of Baskerville?" 

Glenn shakes his head disbelieving the echoes in the air, "Naaaaaa! Let her get it out of her system. And don't ask. She's cool." Fred puckers up watching Dude and Tony approach the door capturing the sound effects for themselves. 

"Dude Ramone" winces, "You get a dog?" 

In turn Glenn looks at all three of them, "Yea, you know what? I bought a Chihuahua just to annoy you bastards." 

Fred looked puzzled, "So you did get a dog?" 

Glenn just rolled his eyes, "Never mind! Tables set up, beers going on ice, and the pizzas twenty minutes away. Go on out while I go use the newpaper on the pooch.'

Tony Isabella alias Izzy, let the others step away before stopping Glenn, "You and Sam get back together?" 

Glenn slaps his forehead, "For the last time, NO! I just have a friend over for a few days. Helping her get on her feet." 

With the assist of more howls, almost bloodcurdling Tony pats Glenn's chest, "Hey Glenn? I don't think her feets on the ground. In the air maybe."

The homeowner shakes his head and points to the indoor pool, "Go shuffle already. I'll be out in a few." 

As Tony complies Glenn races upstairs and stands outside Daisy's bedroom door to listen as the howls became whimpers. A challenging knock he questions, "You alright in there Daisy?"

No reply he creaks the door open hearing the shower and carefully tiptoes toward the open bathroom door to catch a glimpse of her silhouette in the foggy shower doors. He could see her doubled over with one palm on the door. Finally he saw her arch her spine and mutter, "Dear God in Heaven that felt good."

He overheard her and stepped back. Spotting her hang up the showerhead slowly he crept back out realizing she had masturbated with it. As the water ceased Daisy picked up on his exit. Suddenly, realization caught up with her, "Shit! Glenn must have heard me. How could he not have. I'm so not used to this body, the audibles must have been deafening. Note to self, search the volume settings on android larynx. God, I'm so embarressed now. I wonder what he's thinking?" Then it dawned on her. Her android body had a built in listening device that could pick up sounds with the range of a block away. Wisping her soggy hair aside she stood erect and listened. 

She heard comments from the pool room. Various voices discussing card strategy and slightly chilled beer. Nothing too sensative. Finally, Daisy closed her eyes, "I told myself this mode was bad news but I have to know. Telepathy is such an invasion. I need to know what Glenn's thinking." Moments pass as she manages this new skill properly when she hears Glenn vividly from downstairs in his kitchen. 

"I shouldn't have intruded on Daisy. I'm such an idiot. She sounded like she was dying though." 

The concern made Daisy smile as she continued eavesdropping. Glenn fret over his friends presuming it was his ex-wife Samantha. Obviously his friends really liked Sam. Which made Daisy tense. They would see her and presume the worst as she feared earlier. Maybe she should just avoid those downstairs and feign sleep. Glenn would understand. 

His thoughts continued into, "I hope Daisy comes down. Maybe she will wear that yellow bikini I bought her. Yea right. Nice fantasy there Mercer. The guys would cum all over themselves seeing her like that. Might have to call 911." 

Daisy giggled at his flippant thoughts then decided to reject any further telepathic rewards. Shutting down the mind mode she gets out and dries off. 

Wiping the steamy mirror she smiles at herself, "Yes Glenn. Nice fantasy there. I suppose I did offer you a fantasy didn't I." Blowing compressed air from her lips upward she steps out into the bedroom and takes the tags off her yellow bikini and begins tying it on. As ever her nipples were twin towers and the areolas were raised all the way around them as if a combination lock. Attaching the bottoms she adjusts it over her pussy as narrowly as plausible without looking planned. A simple twist and turn to peer at herself in a closet mirror she eyed her backside. "Okay, Daisydroid. Forget Delores. Let's enjoy this for new frontiers." Donning a pair of her new flats she took a deep breath and headed down the stairwell.

Glenn stepped from the kitchen with a bowl of chips and dip when he spotted her. She could see in his eyes his thoughts became reality. Before she could say a word while approaching him his doorbell rang. He growls, "Pizza I imagine. Mind taking this tray out to the guys?" 

He hesitates mid pass off of the tray and rethinks it gazing at her near topless chest. "Not safe. Just hold the tray and wait here." She claims the bowl and tray turning to follow his retreat to the front door. Opening it he found a pizza delivery kid who couldn't have been more than twenty. As Glenn pilfered through his wallet for the money the boy noticed Daisy who stood back waiting. The boy dropped his jaw with a flabbergasted smile. His reaction made Daisy raise the bowl to cover her chest. 

Glenn finally looked at the boy while holding his money out. Resorting to fanning the cash in front of the lads eyes to gain his attention the boy gave the three pizzas to Glenn and accepted the bills. Without so much as a blink the boy continued to stare at her even as the door slid closed with a slam. 

Glenn turned, "I think you gave him his tip before I did. You look amazing." 

Daisy smiles, "Should I get dressed? I don't want you to have to call 911 if one of your friends has a panic attack." 

He chuckles then offers a weird expression. She presumed he recalled saying the same thing in thought earlier. Along with his wish of her attire. Shaking his head he summed it up as strange luck. "Follow me but be prepared for drool slinging. Luckily the kid left extra napkins."

 Lowering her gaze she trails behind him yet decides to activate her telepathic region to examine his thoughts. Listening to not only his but those of his friends that witness her enter behind Glenn. Glenn's thoughts were simple as ever, "Good lord my buddies are going to chew this lady up and spit her out. Then turn on me for dessert." 

His friends sat stunned by her beauty and attire as Glenn sets the pizzas on a the wet bar next to the poker table. He then helps Daisy set the bowl and dip tray beside the pizza boxes. She picked up on their obvious thoughts of "Where did Glenn find this hottie?" to "Ohhh yea. He hired a stripper for us." to the off topic of "Nice swimwear." 

Glenn clasped his palms together and turned to his friends, "Guy's this is my friend, Daisy." 

A counter clock wise twist of his wrist he forms introductions, "Daisy? Left to right this is Dude, Tony, and Freddie." 

She blushes, "Hi!" just before Dude stands up and claims her hand to kiss her knuckles, "It is indeed a pleasure." Yet his thoughts were, "Now lets lose this bikini and get down to the real pleasure."

She grins at his unheard response and reaches up to gently slap his face. "Get your mind out of the gutter." 

The others laugh as he too chuckles, "That easy to read? Yea, guess I am. Can you blame me?" 

She in turn puckers, "Of course not. You're a man."

Tony in response scoffs, "Dude was born with a hardon. The Doctor's almost cut it off thinking it was an extra embelical cord." She found that adorable and snorted lightly holding her hand over her nose. "Too cute. Very nice to meet you all. I hope I'm not distracting your poker game. I can go get dressed." 

All three men stood up with their hands held out with a synchronized, "NO!" 

Glenn shook his head and gazed at Daisy, "See what I mean? Drool. Want to join us for a few hands?" 

She fidgets, "I've never played cards. I was never allowed to." 

Daisy begins to explain how her parents pushed constant study over childish games, then stops. The less they knew of her past the better. "Sure. I'll try it. What could go wrong? I don't have a shirt to lose." 

Fred raised an eyebrow, "Good thing its not strip poker. Two hands and you'd be forcing us to fold." 

Again she snorts hiding it, "This is a man's game I think. I don't believe I have a poker face. I'd be a dead giveaway."

Glenn pulls a chair out for her and motions her to sit. She shyly accepts allowing him to scoot her forward. As she closed in on the table her breasts literally slid on top of the table. She felt the sensation of her flesh on the phelt that made her coo under her breath. She sat stunned as she noted the entire table staring directly at her tits. Sighing she bats her lashes, "Who needs a poker face when nobody is looking at it. I might win after all."

Tony shuffles the cards dramatically without so much as looking at the deck. Eye contact toward her chest remained a constant until Glenn snapped fingers at his friends, "Let's do our best to be Gentlemen guys. We all know she's stunning but I'm sure Daisy prefers a certain amount of respect." 

Daisy sighed at Glenn's concern yet picked up his thoughts at the same moment. She winks at him as he thinks, "I'm one to talk. I can't keep my eyes off of her. Where did you come from Daisy Lighthouse? I'm certainly glad we bumped into one another." 

Fred shook his head and slapped his right profile to at least attempt altering his composure. He clears his throat while forming better posture, "So, Daisy. Live around here?" 

She too sits up straight leveling out her bulging chest then takes a deep breath. The lies would pile up. "Actually, no. I arrived here from Florida earlier today. To be honest I'm rather homeless at the moment. My chance meeting with Glenn here over coffee has led me to at least a roof over my head for the night." 

Dude leans his elbow on the table and plants his chin on his knuckles to leer at her, "Florida! That must explain your full body tan. That's definitely not from any tanning bed. I don't even see any tan lines." 

In response she lowers her gaze toward her body and chuckles, "I guess you can say I've had some outdoor privacy." 

Dude nods, "We're not used to that kind of golden here in Boston. And, not a wrinkle one from over tanning. Your skin is flawless. If I were to guess, you've known our resident plastic surgeon here for years. Are those things real?" He lowers his gaze to her bossum.

She raises an eyebrow, "Great genes. The only thing not natural is my hair color. Blond locks but if you look closely I have brown roots." 

Fred scoots back swiftly and bends over to look under the table eying between her legs. She drops her jaw slightly out of surprise as he raises back up, "Looks blond to me." 

Daisy blushes then scoots back to stand up pressing both of her hands on her lower abdomen where her g-string bikini bottoms begin. The hair she grew back at the clothing store was still evident. Fingers frolick lightly in the pubic hair as she looks up at them, "Is it so wrong to dye even down here?"

Each of them stutter their negative reply. Their thoughts open to her cry out for her to take the bottoms off. She gently returned to sitting down blushing further. Her emotions activating the hue programming to compensate for her not being a true living being. She was hardly used to this kind of attention. Her human body she found repulsive. This new form continued to complicate her reasoning. On one hand she was embarrassed, yet on the other she found that little devil tapping her on the shoulder.

A timid glance at Glenn she studies his reaction listening in on his secret ideals. He tried to conceal his desires but even though he was respectful Glenn was torturing himself inside. She smiles at him, "Have I embaressed my Host?" 
