 Strange things go bump in the night.

Tonight it was led by Daisy Lighthouse. With no need for slumber she chose the peace and quiet to meditate in her bedroom. Sitting Indian style and closing her eyelids she withdrew into her computerized brain. Although her thought patterns and persona belonged to Delores Moran she inhabited this brave new world she was forced to call home.

While knowing her body for the most part there were sections that she felt needed to be explored and practiced. Her eyes alone had the ability to go infrared, x-ray, night vision, or telescopic. What truly worried her was the laser capabilities. Should those ever malfunction people could lose their lives. Delores was no killer. Neither should be Daisy.

Utilizing her x-ray vision Daisy opens her eyes and stares toward Glenn Mercer's bedroom. Her ears had picked up movement and hushed sounds. She smiles seeing him laying on top of his covers. Glenn was masturbating like crazy. Hearing his words through volume was one thing. She also narrowed in on his thoughts through her telepathy relays. Her friends from OASIIS were truly geniuses. 

In his mind he was thinking about Daisy. The sexual encounters with his college buddies. Asking himself why he never jumped in and fucked her himself. He answered his own thought. Glenn Mercer wanted more than just sex. He wanted a particular lifestyle. BDSM.

To dominate Daisy. Rule over her sexually through bondage and sharing her with others. Seeing his friends had inspired him. While before bed he did indeed set those plans in motion. He worried that she might not keep her end of the bargain. His orders for the forthcoming morning would test his ability to harness this stunning woman of mystery.

Daisy adored being called the Mystery woman. She was indeed. A mystery in a sense to even herself. She had to sink in deep and study this Android body to it's fullest. There could be no mistakes through ignorance. Daisy would Master this Goddess she had become.

"Enough thinking about Glenn. Let's dig in and see what this baby has."

Her own words stall her mission a moment longer. She just realized that she would never experience Motherhood. Not that her thoughts were to ever have a child. But true love and the reality of childbirth were now impossible. A sadness creeps over her. True love was going to be one lover after another. Immortality was within her grasp. She would likely outlive any human. Even poor Glenn should she stay. Fidgeting in thought she shrugs that theory off. Glenn Mercer was sadly flavor of the month. Six months at best. 

Staying any longer and she might get Glenn arrested or killed. OASIIS would not lose these Android bodies. They were too valuable. Over time they would be hunted down and reclaimed. Their minds purged to accommodate someone more useful. An assassin on their payroll. Someone willing to kill. She was no killer. As of yet. Should that become necessary to escape and survive? Time would tell. She prayed not.

Prayer? Did God do this? Help create this body in his image? It did have most facets that any human being had. Save reproduction of course. It could even self heal itself from sustained damage. Unless of course the damage was too severe. Like losing its head. Hell, who knows. This beauty might even be able to fix that. 

"Okay Delores. Let's dig those nails in and see if that's even possible. "

Gnashing her teeth at her persistence to refer to her real name she knows that she needs to prevent any future slip up. 

"Computer?"

A shrill voice enters her thoughts, "Yes?"

"I want you to stop my vocal chords from ever saying the name Delores ever again. This includes any possibility of accidentally writing my name down. Is this understood?"

"Yes. What do I refer to you as?" The computer in a very feminine voice questions.

"My new name is Daisy Lighthouse. I need you to locate anyone that might forge illegal false identification cards. Fake social security too. Document their address and I'll go find them in person."

"Acknowledged."

"Alright. I also want to overwrite my assassination protocols. Turn off any function that sends out a message to kill. I will defend myself as necessary."

"Does this include intruder alarms?"

"No. You can warn me if someone appears violent. Sense their intentions via pulse and offer an early warning if there is any risk of attack."

"Am I to disarm all weapons systems?"

"No. Keep them ready on my request. I just don't want to hurt anyone by accident. Weapons will only be used when I call upon them."

"Acknowledged."

"Monitor all close proximity alerts from Law Enforcement. Any drones that might pose a threat. Any incoming calls through the Military channels. Even satellite images that might be trying to pinpoint me."

"Acknowledged."

"Sexual protocols. Turn down the sensitivity on my nervous system." Daisy considers her options, "Override last command. They seemed to like my howling last night. As long as I am with Glenn I'll give him my best."

"Acknowledged."

"Decrease my dramatization code. Alcohol and drugs should not effect my brain patterns if I'm artificial of body. I need to know every thing I do. I can fake my own tipsy."

"Acknowledged."

Rewrite your response from Acknowledged to Okie Dokie."

"Acknowledged. Okie Dokie."

Daisy smiles within her thoughts. She almost hated this impersonal contact with her computer. She needed it to be more friendly.

"Computer? You need a new name."

"I do not understand."

"Nor might you grasp the idea of friendship. Yet, you must be my friend for us to get along."

"I am not programmed to create conflict."

"Good. Then you will not resist if I refer to you as "Clara". That was the name of my very first Kitten as a child. I miss Clara. You can be one of the few reminders of my pet and only true friend as a youngster. So, hello Clara."

"Okie dokie."

Daisy giggles within her thoughts. This was fun. Enlightening even.

"Clara? What is my name?"

"As instructed, Daisy Lighthouse."

"I should conceive a middle name I suppose." Daisy ponders, "Any suggestions Clara?."

"Running statistics of all middle names of children with first name Daisy. Most common middle name is Lynn. Followed by Rose."

"Seriously? Parents name their kids after two flowers? Tacky."

"In Alexandria Virginia there is a Daisy Rose Bush."

"Oh that is just wrong." Daisy giggles.

"No. My calculations are accurate." Clara reports.

"That was just how I felt. I believe you. I can see how my humor and emotion might get miscued. I don't want an old school name. If I did that would remind me of my old self. Everything about me should be new. Outlook. Identity. My appearance. Let's try the middle name Rae. Spelled R-A-E. Daisy Rae Lighthouse. I like that. How do you feel Clara?"

"This one is not designed to emote feelings."

"Yeesh. Too cold Clara. I need you soft and cuddly. Like your namesake."

"I am not a kitten."

"No. But, I think we could work together on softening up your responses with words a little less digitized."

"What would you suggest I program to achieve this goal?" Clara queries.

"Okay. Let's start by how your tone can be developed. Answer my next question with a dialect of someone let's say from Georgia. Using slang terms as emotion. Let's try. Clara? How are you tonight?" 

"მე სრულფასოვნად ვმუშაობ."

"What the heck was that?"

"My words were, I am functioning at full capacity. Spoken in the Georgian dialect as you requested. The common language in Georgia is Mongolian."

"Ohh! I meant Georgia of the United States. Deep south. Like from Gone with the Wind with Rhett Butler."

"Ahm functionin' at full capacity." Clara recalculates. In a male voice.

"Getting better. Try that with a feminine voice. Such as Scarlet O'Hara."

"Ahm functionin' at full capacity." 

"That was the voice of Vivian Leigh. Beautiful Clara. I love that. From now on respond in this dialect and Vivian's voice."

"As ya'll wish."

Bonding with Clara would become more fun as time went on. 

Daisy Rae Lighthouse was feeling pretty special right now. Standing up from her meditating she crept into her on suite and eyed her body in the mirror. She needed to know just what this body could do. The only things she had asked of it thus far was to alter her chest size and re-evaluate her pubic hair's length. 

"Clara? Show me how my features can be manipulated. Give me dark brown hair."

"Comin' up, Daisy."

She grins at Clara's attempts to alter her words. The computer was right. Everything was coming up Daisies.

Observing the chameleon effect Daisy admires her brown locks. She looked really nice. The experimentation began to get stranger. 

"Shorten the hair on my head. Bring it all above my shoulders." Her hair retreats within micro pores upon her scalp. "Straighten the hair."

"Change my eye color to brown. Now green. Now back to brown. Okay, keep them blue as before." She loves her transformation. It reminded her of who she was before. Delores had short brown hair and hazel eyes. Hazel that often appeared green.

"Show me bald." Daisy was amazed as her hair literally vanished within the scalp leaving her silky smooth, "Back to the way I had it before I sought change."

Returning to the Daisy she knew she winced, "Create a bridge on my nose. Almost like a beak." As her bone structure rose she bulged her eyes, "This is too cool."

"Make me old. Gray hair. Wrinkles. Almost like a Witch."

Everything about her body morphed. Including her posture. Her bone structure forcing her to bend over from age. Her fingers and toes narrowing as if arthritic. Teeth lower into her gums and create a less than beautiful smile.

"Holy cow."

Then something dawned on her.

"Last time. Clara?"

"Yes Daisy?"

"Turn my entire body into Delores Moran."

"Thought ya'll didn't want to be called Delores."

"This is just a reminder. Do it please."

The morphing in the mirror took Daisy back into the past. Her shorter stature. Her chubby body with large breasts that were less than attractive in their sag. Her hair as it was earlier. Short. Eyes hazel. Her brows thick of untrimmed hair. Even that gross mole on her left butt cheek.

"Oh my God."

Daisy wanted to cry. Clara informed her tear ducts to weep. She was following orders.

Staring at herself for ten minutes Daisy sighs and wipes her artificial tears away.

"Return me to Daisy's body. Thank you Clara."

"Quite welcome, Daisy."

Sad Daisy waits until the transformation is complete. With a pucker she leaves the bath and journey's to her bed. Crawling in under the covers just as some resemblance of normalcy. She needed as much of reality as she could get. Being an Android meant not needing anything. No food. No sleep. No actual hygiene. Yet, Daisy refused to give up those dreams. She decides finally to shut herself down once more.

"Clara?"

"Yes, Daisy?"

"Purr like a kitten."

Daisy and Clara curled up together.

"Purrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"