 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, sat astride her noble steed Snowglide as the mare walked steadily along the dusty road. She was on a journey, although not to anywhere in particular - sometimes she enjoyed simply taking her horse and striking out into the queendom with no destination in mind. Not everyone could travel easily or had a Knight of the Land who lived locally, so Sara tried to travel as much as she could so that she could find those people in need of her help.

In this instance she had journeyed west towards the edge of the queendom where it was bordered by a huge mountain range. The land here was rugged and mountainous and there were not many large settlements. The closest city was a few hundred miles to the north built around the castle of the duchess Lady Brenwick, who Sara knew all about thanks to her friend the knight Sir Jeffrey.

The thought of Sir Jeffrey made her pussy throb with desire and she smiled to herself. She was getting horny and would need to stop fairly soon. For you see, Dame Sara had a curse, or a blessing depending on your viewpoint.

She was imbued with sex magic that lived inside her. It meant she enjoyed sex far more than a normal person and whatsmore it meant that her partners did too. The men, and sometimes women, that she slept with always experienced more pleasure than they ever had before in their lives. In other words, she had a magic cunt.

Of course, such potent sex magic did have its drawbacks. Sara would have to have sex at least twice a day or she would grow delirious with horniness. This could be very embarrassing, so Sara made sure to keep on top of things by frequently indulging her carnal desires. Her lovers did not seem to mind.

Thankfully for Sara's appetite, she was beautiful, so finding partners did not usually prove difficult. She had a stunning and sexy figure, with a slender body, long luscious legs and wonderfully large breasts. She had long blonde hair and shimmering blue eyes which only enhanced her beautiful face. 

Letting her mind come back to the present she noticed a settlement up ahead. She could see a small hamlet with a few thatched cottages and what looked like an inn.

She guided Snowglide towards it and soon enough was stopping outside the inn. A young man took her horse round to the stables and she entered the small tavern. Inside it was warm and welcoming and she smiled to herself as all the heads turned to look at her and their eyes went wide. It was surprisingly busy for such a small tavern.

She walked over to the barkeep and leaned on the counter.

"I would like a room for the night, and the heartiest meal you have, good sir," she said, flashing a beautiful smile.

He grimaced. "I'm afraid I have no rooms," he said sadly. "We're full. All the farm folk seeking shelter here."

"Shelter?" Sara asked. "Shelter from what?"

"From the attacks. That's why you're here, no?"

Sara was alarmed at the news. "No. I hadn't heard of any attacks. Who is attacking you? From where?"

"Gryphons," said a voice to her right and Sara turned to see an old woman standing there.

"Gryphons?" Sara said, startled. "Are you sure?"

The old woman nodded. "Yes I am. Please, follow me."

Sara followed her to a table in the corner of the room, where she took a seat. The old woman smiled at her and sat opposite.

"I am named June," the woman said. "And you are Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land."

Sara was taken aback. "How did you know my name?" she said, surprised.

"I may be old, but I am not stupid. Your fame precedes you, dame knight," June laughed. Then her smile faded. "And I hope to the gods above that your reputation is true. We could use your help."

Sara leaned in, concerned. "What is happening? Gryphons haven't been seen for three hundred years!"

Sara knew that for a fact. Gryphons used to exist all over the realm and in fact many centuries ago had been used by the Royal Guard as ferocious and impressive mounts.

And yet three hundred years ago they had disappeared. Gryphons were aggressive and monstrous creatures and those in the wild had been hunted to extinction. Civilisation could not easily thrive when wild gryphons lived nearby, so as the population grew they had been driven away. At the same time those in the care of the royal palace had not lasted much longer - a series of wars had reduced their number and they bred too slowly to be replaced.

All in all most scholars agreed that gryphons had died out. So Sara's surprise was completely reasonable.

"Have you seen one of these gryphons yourself?" she asked.

June should her head. "I have not, but I know it to be true. I have seen the devastation left in their wake, and I have heard the tales of those who have fled. Everyone says the same thing - they are gryphons."

"Has anyone been hurt?"

June sighed in relief. "Thankfully not. It seems the gryphons are more interested in destruction and stealing livestock than hunting people. For now, anyway." 

Sara leaned forward and reached out to place a soothing hand on June's. "Tell me everything you know."

She listened as the old woman explained the attacks. People were scared and they had flocked to the hamlet for protection. They needed help. There were no guards stationed nearby and so they were depending on a patrol which wasn't scheduled for many months.

"June, I am not sure what is happening, but I swear I will do my utmost to help. Where is the nearest city?"

"We have no cities in these parts, dame knight. The land is too rugged and not enough can grow. We are too wild for cities." She grinned. "But the nearest town is a day's travel away."

"Then I will leave at once."

"No, you won't," June said, grabbing her wrist. "Night has fallen and it is too dangerous. You must wait until morning."

"But these people-"

"Need you here," June interrupted. "Even your presence will calm them. I will let them know you are staying tonight. It will do everyone the world of good."

Sara nodded. "Alright. I can see the logic in that." Then she paused, and a laugh escaped her lips. "Except there are no rooms left."

"I will take care of that. You see, this is my inn."

Sara's eyes widened. "You own it?"

"Yes, I do. Which means I can make room for a Knight of the Land." She smiled, then caught the eye of a young woman serving drinks and waved her over. "My granddaughter will give up her room tonight," she said as the girl approached.

As the young woman got closer Sara was able to get a better look at her. She was gorgeous, and Sara's pulse quickened.

She was in her early-twenties, only a few years younger than Sara herself, and stood about 5'3". She wore her brown hair in a parted bob and warm green eyes sparkled from her beautiful face. She was dressed in a simple brown dress with a white apron like most serving girls, but even such plain clothes could not disguise her lovely figure with its slender body and large breasts.

"Yes, grandma?" the woman said, throwing a glance Sara's way.

"Rose, this is Dame Sara, and she will be staying at the inn tonight. You will have to give up your room. Bring up the spare bedroll and stay with me."

Sara's magic cunt flared at the thought of sharing a room with this beautiful woman and she had an idea. She lifted a hand to interrupt.

"I'm sorry to interject, but I am quite happy to share a room. I have a bedroll and will be perfectly content on the floor - I just need a roof over my head." She shot June's granddaughter a smile. "I have no interest in kicking someone out."

"Dame knight, there's no need for that," June said.

"Perhaps not, but I insist. Unless Rose has an issue...?"

Rose met Sara's eyes and a naughty smile flashed across her face. "No, I don't have a problem." Sara's cunt throbbed at the flirty undercurrent between them.

Thankfully June had not seemed to notice. "Very well, if you're sure," she said. "Still, you can be a good hostess, Rose. I will show Dame Sara to her room. Whilst I do, go fetch her something to eat."

As Rose quickly ducked out with a curtsey, June showed her up two flights of stairs to a room in the roof of the inn. "Thank you, dame knight. The people here have seen that you are staying, and will be reassured."

With that she departed, leaving Sara alone in front of the thick wooden door. She pushed it open and stepped into the attic room.

It was neat and tidy and very clear that this was a bedroom and not a normal tavern room. A bed rested against the wall and a dresser and desk completed the space. A small window on the far wall looked out onto the street below.

Sara stepped inside, shutting the door behind her and beginning to undress out of her armour. Soon she was in her underclothes of a shirt and loose pants when the door knocked.

Rose entered with a steaming bowl of stew and Sara's stomach growled. She was undecided on whether her horniness or her hunger were dominant at the moment, but when the smell of the food hit her nostrils she settled on definitely hunger for now.

"You don't need to knock, Rose. This is your room," Sara laughed.

"Tonight it is your room, dame knight," the beautiful serving girl replied.

"How about we say it's our room, then? And call me Sara."

Rose paused and smiled that cute little naughty smile again. "Alright, Sara."

"Good."

A moment's silence lingered between them as they obviously checked each other out. Then Rose seemed to snap out of it and set the stew down on the table.

"I should get back downstairs. Please, take the bed, dame knight. I will sleep on the floor."

Before Sara could reply Rose had darted back downstairs. She was obviously a busy woman, and with the inn so full Sara could see why.

Trying to shake the serving girl from her mind Sara instead tucked into the delicious stew. It was sublime and soon enough she had finished the bowl. Her hunger subsided and it was only then that she realised how horny she was.

To distract herself she dressed into her comfortable clothes and went downstairs. She spent a little while mingling with the locals and realised that June was right - even her mere presence was enough to calm them. She wasn't wearing her armour but knew she was recognisable nonetheless. It made her glad that she had stayed.

However as it got late she realised that her horniness was getting to be too much. She said goodnight to the many assembled folk and went upstairs. Back in Rose's room she began to undress.

Just as she realised that she would have to take matters into her own hands to find relief, there was a knock at the door and it swung open. Rose entered bearing a tray on which she had two cups and a clay bottle. She smiled at Sara and shut the door behind her.

"I thought you might like something to drink before bed, Sara," Rose said, coming over to her.

Sara watched as she set down one of the cups and filled it, passing it to her. Then Rose set down the other cup and filled that too.

The serving girl grinned. "Really it was just an excuse for me to drink some of my grandmother's wine."

"Well I'm glad of the company," Sara said, taking a sip of her own. She met Rose's gaze. "Very glad."

The silence lingered again before Sara finally spoke. Rose started speaking at the exact same time however and both women laughed.

"You first," Sara said.

"I was just going to say that it's not every day I get to meet a Knight of the Land," the serving girl said. "And certainly not get to share my bed with her." Suddenly she blushed red. "I mean bedroom. Share my bedroom."

Sara stood then, setting her cup down and reaching for Rose's. The serving girl let her take it, her lips slightly parting in anticipation.

"We can share everything if you'd like, Rose," Sara smiled, leaning forwards.

Rose nodded. "I would."

"Good," Sara responded, then kissed her gently.

Rose moved with surprising passion, immediately grabbing Sara's cheeks and kissing her deeply. Sara was taken aback but did not mind. Clearly Rose had been wanting this just as much as she did.

They both collapsed onto the bed and soon Sara was undoing the knots to Rose's dress. She had already discarded the apron and it did not take long for the simple clothes she wore to be loose. Sara slid them from her body and moaned at the sight of the serving girl's perfect naked form. She was as gorgeous and sexy as Sara had hoped.

Rose's own fingers were on Sara's clothes, and Sara lifted her arms to let her lover pull the loose shirt over her head. Her blonde hair cascaded back around her shoulders as the garment was pulled loose and she moaned as immediately Rose leant forward to grasp one of her large breasts, sucking the sensitive nipple into her mouth.

Sara reached up, stroking her fingers through Rose's brown hair as the serving girl expertly teased her nipples. Then Rose pushed her flat and smiled devilishly, evidently pent up with lust. She looped her fingers beneath the waist of Sara's pants and started to guide them down her legs, kissing her way over her stomach as she went. Then the pants were thrown away, leaving Sara naked too.

Sara did not resist as the serving girl pushed her legs apart, a long moan escaping her as Rose's lips and tongue found her womanhood. Within moments Sara was writhing on the bed at her lover's work, and she was surprised by how good at this she was. Clearly this was not Rose's first time eating pussy.

The serving girl stared up at Sara, her green eyes full of lust as she went down on her. Her tongue explored every inch of Sara's cunt and even probed and teased her sensitive entrance. She tongue-fucked her for a short while before finally letting her tongue sweep upwards until she was gently teasing Sara's clit. 

A few minutes later Sara could feel an orgasm building. She stared down at her lover with searing passion, nodding frantically to let her know how close she was. Rose grinned and redoubled her efforts and a few moments later got her wish. Sara cried out as she came, her body twitching in orgasm.

Afterwards, she lifted her head and grinned and Rose climbed her body, kissing her. Sara gently rolled over as they made out on the bed, their naked forms pressed together. She always enjoyed the soft feel of a woman's delicate body.

Then she started to kiss her way down Rose's torso, mirroring what her lover had done for her. First she teased her breasts before moving further down, until at last she had her face buried between the serving girl's thighs.

Rose moaned and writhed at Sara's work, and Sara devoured her with passion, teasing her lover's clit with her skilled tongue. Rose had eaten her pussy with incredible expertise - the least Sara could do is return the favour with as much dedication.

After a few minutes she was close to getting her wish. Rose was moaning loudly, her hands alternating between grabbing Sara's head and sliding over the bedsheets. Sara grinned up at her as she slid two fingers into her lover's pussy and started to very gently pump them in and out.

That was all Rose needed and with a cry she came. Sara slowed her teasing, letting the gorgeous brunette ride out the orgasm, until at last it was finished. Afterwards, she slipped back up alongside her lover.

Rose turned to her then kissed her gently, evidently relaxed and tired in the aftermath of their sex. Sara did not blame her; she was exhausted too.

The noise of the tavern below them was dying down and Sara realised it was late. She also knew she would have an early start the following day.

With that thought in mind she slipped under the covers and settled down to sleep.