 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, breathed in the cool morning air in the courtyard of the inn. It was still early, barely after dawn, and she was preparing to leave.

For you see, Sara had a quest. There were gryphons attacking the local farms and villages leaving destruction in their wake and she needed to alert the garrison in the nearest town. It was a day's travel away so she had to get an early start.

Which was a bit of a shame as it meant leaving the beautiful serving girl Rose asleep in bed. The gorgeous young woman had been Sara's lover last night and Dame Sara had woken up horny as she always did. Sex with Rose would have been the perfect start to the day but Sara was not going to wake her up just to quench her lust so early in the morning.

Instead she finished preparing her mare Snowglide, and climbed onto her back. A voice to her right made her turn.

"I see you are leaving without breakfast, dame knight," said June, Rose's grandmother and also the owner of the inn. "I cannot allow that. Take these."

The old woman stepped forward and offered Sara a small package that was still warm. Sara could smell fresh bread within.

"Are you sure?" Sara said.

"I am," June replied with a smile. "Thank you for everything you are doing. If you see any more helpless people, direct them to this hamlet. I will do my best to aid them."

"You are a noble woman, June," Sara said with a seated bow.

"As are you, dame knight," the innkeeper replied. "Good luck."

With that, Sara turned and edged Snowglide out of the courtyard. Soon she was on the road and as the sun rose she opened the package up and ate some of the bread. It was very tasty and soon she had eaten enough for her breakfast. She knew that she would likely want some later on in the day too so she did not eat it all.

She rode for the morning, always keeping a wary eye out for the gryphons. Though she had not seen them herself she had no doubt that the people hiding in the tavern were telling the truth - or at least thought they were. She passed a few farmsteads and found them all empty. People were definitely hiding.

As it reached afternoon she caught sight of a small collection of buildings up ahead. A large farm was by the side of the road with a couple of houses next to it, probably belonging to people who worked the farm. One of the buildings also housed a small shop which was completely closed up.

Suddenly Sara heard raised voices and she guided Snowglide off the road into the farmyard. A small stone outbuilding was at the far side with the large farmhouse behind. In the yard itself a group of people were loudly arguing.

When they saw her ride in they paused and turned to look at her. An older man waved his hand angrily.

"And who are you?" he said with annoyance. "Someone else trying to drive me off my land?"

"For the queen's sake, we're not trying to drive you off!" shouted a younger man. "We're trying to save you!"

"From what!" the first man shouted back. "Gryphons that I've not even seen? Hah!"

Sara dismounted, walking over to them in the hope she could cool this argument down. As she did so, she noticed the younger man staring at her and she could see his eyes widen with surprise. Clearly he had not expected a Knight of the Land to come riding into the farmyard, and definitely not one as beautiful as she was.

She took the time to check him out in return. He was extremely handsome; broad-shouldered and in his mid-twenties, he had short brown hair and a neat goatee and stood about six foot tall with deep brown eyes. From his tanned skin and physique she guessed he worked the fields.

"Sir, allow me to introduce myself," she said as she approached the older man. "I am Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land. You can trust me."

The man sighed, shaking his head. "I am sure you mean well, dame knight, but I cannot abandon this farm. I do not believe this panic is real - it is a ruse concocted by thieves, eager to see the local farms and houses left empty for them to ransack."

"You have not seen the gryphons then?" Sara asked.

The man shook his head. "Have you?"

Sara had to admit that she hadn't. She had only heard stories about them. Perhaps this man was right.

"Surely you can't be allowing him to stay, dame knight?" the younger man said, clearly horrified.

"I cannot force anyone to leave," she replied.

"Did you hear that Darryl? Even a Knight of the Land can't make me leave!" the older man said triumphantly.

It was decided then that the group was staying, and the farmer invited Sara inside to eat. She had to admit that she was hungry so she graciously accepted.

Sara was about to follow the rest of the group into the house when she noticed that the younger man, whom she now knew was named Darryl, had not moved. She walked up to him.

"You have a good heart, Darryl, but you cannot force him to leave," she said, putting a hand on his shoulder.

He smiled at her, nodding. "Yes, I suppose. It's just... I don't want to see anyone get hurt." He reached up and placed his own hand on hers, then suddenly flushed red and pulled it away. "Sorry... I shouldn't be putting my hands on you."

Sara's magic cunt flared and she smiled naughtily at the extremely handsome farmhand. "Oh no, Darryl, I think I'd quite enjoy you putting your hands on me," she said with a flirty wink.

He opened his mouth to respond but she turned away, grinning at how flustered he was. She walked into the house.

The farmer's wife had laid on a good meal, and Sara took her seat at the table. She took a bite and soon had eaten a good portion of her plate. She had not realised how hungry she was. However, she noticed with disappointment that Darryl had not yet come in. She hoped her words had not driven him away with embarrassment.

There was a surprising good cheer amongst the assembled group despite the threat of gryphons. She guessed that the farmer's assertion that it was all made up had a calming influence on the farmhands. It was only Darryl who seemed to take the threat seriously. Even Sara had to admit she was starting to doubt it. After all, she had seen no evidence of the gryphons, only heard the scared whispers of those in the tavern.

That was until a few seconds later.

A cacophonous screech sounded through the house and the conversation suddenly dropped silent. A shadow swooped overhead and there was the loud thud of beating wings.

Darryl burst through the door frantically. "They're here!" he bellowed.

Another loud beastly cry sounded overhead and the assembled group shrieked. The old farmer's face went white with horror but Sara was pleased to note he was not crippled with inaction.

"Into the cellar!" he shouted, running to the corner of the room and hauling open the trapdoor. "Everyone inside!"

Sara grabbed the little girl seated next to her and handed her over to the nearest person as the group scrambled down the ladder into the dark cellar. Suddenly cold fear washed through her as she remembered that Snowglide, her loyal horse, was still out in the farmyard.

Immediately Sara was running for the door.

"Stay inside!" she shouted as she burst out into the farmyard.

She paused when she was outside, scanning the sky for the threat but also trying to spot her mare. She sighed with relief when she saw that Snowglide had run into the small stone building opposite, scared but thankfully safe.

Then a dark shape swooped overhead with another cry, and landed with a loud thud in front of her. It was huge, about twice the size of a horse and covered in thick brown feathers. It had the head of a bird with a long terrifying beak and from its back sprouted two broad muscular wings. It had four legs tipped with sharp talons.

Well, it was definitely a gryphon.

Suddenly the beast let loose another angry cry, then half-lunged towards her, trying to drive her off. Sara did not budge. Instead she unhooked the Axe of the Mists and clutched it in one hand ready to fight, the other readying her shield.

"There's a second one," a voice said to her left and she glanced over to see Darryl beside her.

"What are you doing out here? You'll be killed!" she hissed.

"I'm defending my people," he replied, clutching a rusty mace. She had to admit, she was impressed.

Just then a second gryphon appeared, landing next to the first. Unlike its partner, this one was ash grey, but otherwise identical.

The four combatants stood staring at one another for a while as if sizing each other up. After a few moments, the grey gryphon exploded forwards like its partner had a few seconds before. Again Sara did not budge, instead lifting the axe higher as if to strike the beast down. She noticed that Darryl barely flinched too.

The gryphon backed off again then chirped at its partner. The brown gryphon chirped back, and a few heartbeats later they both spread their wings and took to the air. Sara watched as they disappeared over the horizon. As quickly as they had come, they were gone.

She stood there a moment as adrenaline coursed through her veins. Then she turned and ran into the outbuilding, finding Snowglide and reassuring the mare who was understandably frightened. However at Sara's comforting the horse soon calmed and Sara relaxed as she watched her steed trot out into the farmyard and start to drink happily from a trough of water, her spirits soothed.

It was only after a moment than Sara realised Darryl had followed her into the outbuilding. She whirled on him, jabbing him in the chest angrily. Her blood was hot with the adrenaline of the encounter.

"Playing the hero like that will get you killed!" she snapped, staring into his eyes. "However impressive it might have been!"

"I didn't do it to be impressive. I did it because it was the right thing to do," he said back acidly.

Sara stared at him a moment in silence as he met her determined gaze with his own. Her pulse pounded in her ears, and her blood was aflame with energy. There was only one thing she could do.

With a growl, she kissed him.

Darryl seemed shocked a moment, but soon his arms encircled her waist and he returned the kiss. Their tongues drove into each other's mouths and Sara's fingers looped under his top, roughly tugging it up. He broke the kiss to let her do so and she groaned at the sight of his hard, muscular chest.

Then he kissed her again and Sara knew her armour was now a hindrance. She reached down, undoing the knots that held on the top, breaking the kiss to slide it from her body, then doing the same with her boots and armoured pants. Soon she was left in only her loose underclothes. Somewhere in the back of her mind she wondered what she would do if the gryphons came back now that she had no armour on, but her lust swiftly pushed that thought aside.

Darryl did not seem be thinking about anything else either, and he stared at her with desire. Sara knew her own gaze matched his, and she roughly pushed his chest, sending him sprawling onto sacks of grain behind him.

She dropped to her knees in front of him, pulling down his pants to reveal his stiffening cock, then gazed up at him hungrily. "You might not have done it to impress me, Darryl, but it was still very heroic. And every hero deserves a reward..."

She took him into her mouth, beginning to tease him with her tongue as she gently bobbed her head and enjoyed the way he grew harder in her mouth until he was at full mast. He groaned and reached out to stroke a hand through her blonde hair. For a few minutes she simply enjoyed the taste and feel of him in her mouth and the way he was obviously in heaven at her work.

"Dame knight, remember when you said you would like my hands on you...?" he breathed, staring down at her.

"Yes, I do. And I think it's time you fulfilled my wish," she grinned back, standing up. Her top was quickly discarded, then her pants, so that she was as naked as him.

She straddled his waist and enjoyed the way his hands immediately went to her big tits as she lined his cock up with her waiting pussy. Then she settled down, a moan escaping her lungs at the incredible feeling of him stuffing her full. His own eyes rolled back.

For a short while she rode him that way, sitting up straight and letting him play with her breasts, alternating between bouncing her hips and grinding herself against him. His fingers lightly pinched and toyed with her nipples and she enjoyed every second of it.

However her pleasure was building quickly and things rapidly grew more intense. She began to grind herself against him more forcefully, and she could tell from his face that it felt as amazing for him as it did for her.

"I'm going to come!" he grunted, staring at her.

She stared at him with burning desire. "Fill me up, Darryl. Please!"

She did not stop her movements, her body grinding against him powerfully now, her tunnel massaging his dick. She could feel her body tensing and from the look on Darryl's face he was seconds away.

He cried out as his cock twitched and she knew he was doing as he was told, his hot seed spraying deep inside her. That pushed her over the edge too and with a whimper of her own Sara came hard, pleasure pulsing through her.

For a while they just rode out their orgasms until at last they were done. Sara sucked in a deep breath and pushed herself upright and slowly lifted her hips from his deflating cock.

Suddenly Darryl's eyes went wide. "They're still in the cellar!"

Sara realised he was right. In the heat of the moment she had forgotten about the others. And whilst she knew she should feel guilty that they were huddled in the cellar whilst she and Darryl were fucking each other's brains out, she had just been far too well-fucked to care. Instead she burst out laughing.

They quickly dressed before hurrying back to the house, where Darryl pulled open the cellar doors and called down that everything was alright. One by one the farmer's family and the farmhands were helped out until at last everyone was standing in the kitchen. The farmer apologised to Sara and Darryl for not believing them about the gryphons.

Less than twenty minutes later they had a cart filled up and Sara watched as they set off down the road, heading for the hamlet that she had left that morning. Darryl stayed behind with her a moment.

"Dame knight, thank you for convincing them to go to safety," he said. "And, um, everything else."

"I just did my duty, Darryl," she said. "Well, in defending them from the gryphons, I mean." Then she shot him a naughty wink. "The sex wasn't my duty. I just really wanted to fuck you."

She laughed as he turned a bright shade of embarrassed red, then blew him a kiss and turned Snowglide away. She heard him set off to catch up with the others and soon she was alone again on the road.

She had a town to reach before nightfall.