 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, sighed with relief as she caught sight of her destination ahead. It was a town, but most importantly it housed the local garrison. She had come to warn them of the gryphons that were attacking the region so that they could take action and protect the local villages. She had hurried here as fast as she could, all whilst trying to avoid being attacked by the gryphons herself.

All in all it had been a very stressful journey.

But at last she had arrived. The town was quite large and definitely the biggest she had seen for at least a week. It was clear to see why it was the seat of power in the local area.

She led her mare to the wooden walls where a guard eyed her nervously at the gate then waved her through. He kept looking up at the sky and she realised that the gryphons must already be known here.

This was further reinforced when she entered the town itself. It was full of soldiers, far more than a normal garrison. They must have been sent here to help deal with the gryphons.

A group of soldiers stood up ahead and she rode over. Leaning down from her horse, she spoke to them.

"Who is in charge here?" she asked.

The closest shoulder, a gruff-looking man in his forties, responded. "Lieutenant Indor, dame knight. You can find him in the town hall."

"Thank you", Sara responded before leading Snowglide to the town hall in the centre of the village.

She stopped outside and started to tether her horse to the nearest post. With another nervous look at the sky she changed her mind however. If the gryphons did attack she wanted her mare to be able to run away. She patted Snowglide on the head and then went inside.

The room was large and quite full, with lots of people scurrying around. Ahead were three soldiers huddled around a table across which was strewn a map and she guessed that one of them was the lieutenant. She strode up to the table.

"Lieutenant Indor?" she said as she approached.

He glanced at her a second, then back down at the table. "Who are you?" he snapped. "Another annoying Knight Errant who thinks she can do better than trained soldiers?"

Sara coughed with surprise. "Excuse me?" she said. "I am a Knight of the Land, sir."

His glanced up again, then his eyes went wide and he immediately straightened. He bowed hastily. "I'm very sorry, dame knight. I hope I did not offend you."

Sara smiled. "Nothing I won't get over."

She let her eyes wander up and down his body. He was in his early-thirties, clean-shaven with sandy blonde hair cut quite short and deep brown eyes. He was tall at about 6'3" and from what she could see of his figure he was was muscular without being overly so. All in all he was very handsome.

After a moment's silence she spoke again. "So, what's going on? I assume by the frantic activity around here that you know about the gryphons?"

He nodded. "Yes. That's why we're here. We didn't believe the reports at first..."

"But now you do."

He grimaced. "Yes. Now we do."

"How many soldiers do you have with you?"

"One hundred."

"Ninety-five, sir," corrected one of the soldiers, a stern-looking red-haired woman in her late-thirties.

He turned to her and nodded. "Of course, sergeant. Ninety-five." Then he caught Sara's horrified expression and smiled reassuringly. "Don't worry, we didn't lose anyone. I left five men stationed in a town on the way here to keep the locals safe."

Sara felt relief flood through her. "Thank the gods. But that is why I am here..."

The lieutenant sighed. "Of course you are. Everyone is here for the same reason, but I don't have enough men to spread around all the villages in the area."

"Yes you do," Sara pressed. "Two men per village is enough. I drove away the gryphons from a farmstead earlier today with only the help of a local man."

"Just two of you?" the lieutenant said incredulously.

"Yes, just two. The beasts weren't interested in fighting - as soon as we stood up to them they fled. You do not need a battle company in each settlement."

"Which is all very well, but what if next time the gryphons come they do want to fight? Two soldiers will not be enough."

"It will be better than no soldiers at all," Sara countered. "Unless you think farmers and shopkeepers are better equipped to defend themselves...?"

Lieutenant Indor sighed again. This was clearly weighing very heavily upon him. He glanced over at the soldier who had spoken. "How many settlements are in the area, sergeant?"

"Including small hamlets, roughly thirty."

"That's sixty soldiers..."

"Leaving you with over thirty. This is important, lieutenant," Sara said.

He met her eyes and seemed to think for a moment. Then he nodded. "Very well. Sergeants, divide our soldiers. In the morning we will send them out to the local villages as a garrison. We will protect these people."

The two sergeants saluted and moved away. Sara watched them go, then turned back to the lieutenant.

"Thank you," she said.

"No, dame knight, thank you," he said. "I was being indecisive. Your arrival has forced me to make a decision. I just hope it is the right one."

She smiled warmly, offering her hand to shake. "I am certain that it will be. And please, call me Sara."

He pulled off his gauntlet and took her hand, shaking it firmly. "And I am Martin Indor, lieutenant of the Sixth Company."

"You are very young to be a lieutenant," she said.

He laughed pleasantly. "And you are very young to be a Knight of the Land, Dame Sara. In fact, you are even younger than me."

"I suppose we must both be exceptional people," she winked.

"Exceptional indeed," he replied quietly and she saw his eyes flicker up and down her body. A familiar thrill of horniness sparked through her. She definitely wanted to spend some more time in this man's company.

Before she could say any more, however, Martin was speaking again.

"I assume you have met Sofi, our beloved Knight Errant?"

Sara shook her head. "I have not. There is a Knight Errant here already?" Then realisation dawned on her - that must be why Lieutenant Indor thought that she too was a Knight Errant.

"Ah, I am surprised. She is very... persistent," he said with a wry shake of his head. "You must have only just arrived."

"I did. I do not even have somewhere to stay. Is the inn next door full?"

Martin smiled. "There will be no need for that. There are guest rooms at the rear of this town hall which my company are occupying for the duration of our stay. I will have one prepared for you."

"I do not want to take a room from anyone else."

"You won't be. There are a few rooms that aren't big enough for more than one person. I can't show favouritism to my troops by giving some of them a private room, so we're are only using them to store supplies at the moment."

"And it won't be considered favouritism to me?"

"Well, you are not under my command. Besides which, I can guarantee no one will begrudge me showing a little partiality to such a beautiful Knight of the Land."

Sara smiled naughtily at his obvious interest in her. "Only a little partiality, lieutenant?"

"Would you like me to show more?" he countered, a mischievous glint entering his own eyes. "I can offer you dinner in my quarters. Consider it my apology for snapping at you earlier."

"I would like that."

"Then follow me," he chuckled, leading Sara to the rear of the hall.

A door opened up into what had clearly been a meeting room but was now full of bedrolls, equipment and soldiers milling around. After asking Sara if she had arrived on horseback, Martin called over one of the soldiers and asked the man to fetch Snowglide to picket the mare with the company's horses, and also to fetch Sara's supplies. The man bowed and hurried off to do as he was asked.

"You command a lot of respect," Sara said as they left the room.

They entered a short corridor where a few rooms to either side seemed to house the officers. At the end were three doors, two of which opened to very small rooms full of sacks and supplies. She guessed one of these would be hers for the night. The other Martin opened and invited her through.

They were clearly his personal quarters, with a large desk on which were spread parchments and an inkwell and quill. Most impressively was the fact that it had a real bed, given that the soldiers and even the officers were sleeping on bedrolls.

"A minor luxury that comes with the rank," the lieutenant laughed when he saw her staring at it.

A few moments later there was a knock on the door and the same soldier from earlier appeared, bearing Sara's supplies. She thanked him then took them into one of the small rooms to drop them off. At the same time Martin asked the man to let the soldiers know to not disturb him unless it was an emergency. He was the company's Lieutenant, and Sara was a Knight of the Land, and as such they had very important, high-ranking matters to discuss with each other in private.

"Important matters to discuss, huh?" Sara teased from the doorway of her room when they were alone at the end of the corridor. "And I thought you were treating me to a lavish meal."

Martin snorted. "A lavish meal? It's barracks food. But I haven't had a moment to myself in days, and I need some time to relax and get my head straight. You're the perfect excuse for me to get it, dame knight." 

Then he left to fetch the food. Sara took the opportunity to change out of her armour and into her more comfortable clothes, a loose embroidered white top that revealed a hint of cleavage and black pants with black boots.

The lieutenant returned a few minutes later and Sara noticed that he couldn't stop himself from checking her out in her new outfit. She met his eyes with a knowing smile and he did not look embarrassed, instead just grinning. Then she followed him into his quarters, where he shut the door and ushered her to the table.

They chatted as they ate. Sara found the lieutenant to be charming and pleasant company, with an easy air and a quick wit. The conversation was amusing and entertaining, and as they finished up their meals it became unmistakably flirty.

Which Sara did not mind at all, because the familiar throb of her magic cunt had begun to ache. It was late evening and she would need to find some relief before she tried to sleep. Thankfully, there was every indication that Lieutenant Indor was very willing to be the provider of that relief.

Sara stood up from the desk, instead walking over to the bed. She pressed her palm against it and nodded. "Comfortable," she said approvingly. "But is it quiet?"

"I don't know, dame knight. I have never tried to find out," Martin chuckled, rising from the desk and coming over to stand beside her.

She turned to him then, reaching out to run her fingertips down his muscular arm. "What do your troops think we are doing now, lieutenant?"

"Important high-ranking matters, I imagine. Discussing tactics, coming up with plans. Generally filling you in."

"That sounds very boring," Sara whispered, meeting his gaze with lustful eyes. "I think I'd much rather you filled me... up."

Then she kissed him. He returned the kiss immediately, wrapping his arms around her and holding her against his hard, muscular body. They remained that way for a short while simply making out until at last Sara could take no more.

She reached for his shirt and groaned as he pulled it off to reveal his wonderful torso. Her own shirt followed, his hands immediately on her tits, and a few moments of frantic undressing later they were both naked. She simply took in the sight of him for a second, her eyes feasting on how hot he was.

Suddenly Martin stepped close and kissed her again, but this time grabbed her ass with his strong hands and lifted her up. She did not resist and instead wrapped her legs around his waist as he walked to the side of the bed and dropped her unceremoniously upon it. She giggled, then he kissed her again but only briefly before he was tracing his tongue down her body.

She threw her head back with a moan as he reached her folds. He licked and kissed and lapped at her cunt and she writhed at his attention until at last he began to focus on her clit, swirling his tongue delicately around the bud. She sucked in deep breaths feeling her body tense in anticipation. A few heartbeats later she came hard against his face.

She lay there for a second collecting her thoughts before she lifted her head with a breathless grin. Without a word she slipped further onto the bed, then beckoned him to follow her with her finger.

The blonde lieutenant did not need a second invitation. He climbed on after her, kissing her again and Sara reached down to grab his rock hard dick. She angled him with her waiting cunt and then moaned loudly as he pushed inwards. They stared into each other's eyes with lustful glee as he bottomed out inside her.

Soon he was fucking her at a steady rhythm, not too hard but not softly either. They were both moaning loudly and Sara realised with a faint laugh that the bed was in fact creaking quite noisily at their exertions. Thankfully the barracks outside were incredibly loud so no one would be able to hear them.

As they fucked she could tell he was drinking it all in. But that was hardly a surprise - Sara knew she was a catch. She was absolutely beautiful, and a Knight of the Land to boot. Fucking a sexy knight was something most of her lovers could only have dreamed about and she thoroughly enjoyed turning those fantasies into memories. 

After a while Martin's pace had grown and she writhed beneath him, her orgasm building quickly. She kissed him deeply, then broke it again to moan loudly. His own face was tight with pleasure and she knew he was close too.

Seconds later the moment arrived for both of them. With a loud cry his eyes squeezed shut and she knew he was coming hard, likely harder than he ever had before. Such was always the way with her magic cunt. At the same time her own orgasm exploded inside her and she twitched with ecstasy at the rapturous shocks of pleasure.

At last they were both done and he slumped down on top of her to kiss her tenderly, before slowly withdrawing his spent dick. She grinned.

"I should probably go back to my room," she said at last. "Otherwise your soldiers will gossip."

Martin looked at her, then nodded. "Sadly, I think you're right."

Sara slipped from the bed, dressing back into her comfortable clothes. Soon she was ready to leave.

"Make sure to call in on me in the morning, if you like," Martin said with a cheeky smile. "To, er... discuss some more very important matters."

Sara grinned. "Of course."

Seconds later she was in the small box room that had been prepared for her. She stripped, climbed into bed and settled down. It had been a stressful day, and only now that she was well-fed and well-fucked did she realise just how tired she was.

She was asleep within moments.