 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, grabbed her plate of food from the makeshift kitchen and took it into the barracks to eat. The food was not exactly gourmet but then again in a barracks kitchen it very rarely was. However, as she sat down to eat she realised it was perfectly edible and that was the most important thing.

She had a long day ahead of her. For you see, nothing could be done about the gryphons as long as they were hiding somewhere unknown in the mountains. So she had set herself a new task: to discover their location. Perhaps if it was known where they were striking from then the soldiers could do something about it.

She was satisfied with her decision and resolved to leave as soon as possible. As she ate however she realised she had to make a couple of stops before she set off. The first was to prepare her horse for the journey and to make sure that she had enough supplies. It would do not good if she ran out of food after only one day in the wilderness.

The most important stop of all, however, was to call in on the lieutenant who commanded these soldiers.

For you see, Sara had woken up horny as she always did. She knew that a good deep pounding would get her day off to the best possible start, and she also knew that Lieutenant Martin Indor was the man for the job. He had proven that the night before. Even better, he had asked her to call in on him again in the morning for more of the same if she so wished.

However she was just finishing her meal when she caught sight of the lieutenant entering the kitchen with two of his officers, animatedly discussing some topic of importance. He looked very handsome in his uniform and the fact that Sara knew what a sexy and muscular body he had beneath it set her blood aflame. Still, she was not going to disturb him when he was busy so as she cleared away her plate she decided to prepare herself for the journey first. She could call in on Martin just before she left.

With that in mind she gathered up most of her things from the small room that she had slept in the night before. She left her armour behind, however, as she was still wearing her comfortable clothing and was not prepared to change into her armour when she knew she wanted to get naked soon. Then she headed outside to her horse, a white mare named Snowglide.

She got her steed ready then went in search of supplies. Between the local shop and the barracks quartermaster she soon had enough food and other basics to last her for at least a few days in the wilderness, longer if she was frugal or was able to find people to stay with on the way.

As Sara was attaching these supplies to Snowglide a young woman wearing chainmail armour marched past and caught her attention. Sara could not help but check her out as she walked by.

The unknown woman had long red hair tied back in a ponytail and lovely green eyes. She was likely in her late-twenties and stood very slightly shorter than Sara at about 5'9". Whatsmore, it was very obvious even beneath her armour that she possessed a slender and gorgeous body, with a tight stomach and big tits.

That armour was practical but quite impressive, with plenty of dyed green leather and a gryphon crest revealing her to be of one of the minor noble houses in the queendom. And not just any noble house - she was of House Falai, the nobles who many centuries ago had been some of the most impressive gryphon-riders in the queendom.

As she passed, Sara guessed that the woman must be the knight errant that Martin had told her about the evening before. He had given the indication that she was constantly pestering him - Sara wondered if she were off to do the same this morning.

She watched as the woman entered the barracks, then she returned to her work and finished preparing Snowglide. Soon her horse was ready to depart and Sara had one more stop to make. She hoped that Martin was not busy and had a little while to spare.

Sara walked into the barracks and made her way to Martin's door, which was firmly shut. Inside she could hear raised voices though she could not work out what they were saying. She raised a hand and knocked but received no response. Realising that the people on the other side of the door were shouting too loudly to possibly hear her, she opened the door anyway and stepped inside.

Martin was standing there as handsome and proud as always. And standing across the table from him, worked up and shouting was the redhead that Sara had guessed was the knight errant.

Sara's guess was proven correct a few seconds later when Martin noticed that she had entered and decided to make an introduction.

"Ah, Dame Sara, good morning. Yesterday you had not met Sophie Maguire, Knight Errant. Allow me to introduce you." He gestured between Sara and the young woman. "Sophie, this is Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land."

Sophie turned to Sara and bowed, her beautiful face lit up in a smile. She seemed genuinely honoured to meet Sara and Sara was flattered by that.

"Nice to meet you, Sophie," Sara said.

"The honour is all mine, dame knight," the beautiful knight errant replied. "I have heard tales of your deeds. Of your wondrous journey to reclaim your family's ancient heirloom."

Sara smiled. It did not particularly surprise her that Sophie knew who she was. When Sara had been a knight errant she had learned the names and histories of many of the Knights of the Land in order to study what they had done so that she could follow suit. It seemed that Sophie was the same.

"So, what is the argument about?" Sara said with a smile, trying to lighten the mood.

Sophie's face darkened somewhat and she pointed animatedly at Martin. "The lieutenant will not let his soldiers search the mountains for the source of the gryphon attacks!"

Martin sighed. "As I have said numerous times before, Madam Maguire, I will not send my men on a wild goose chase in the wilderness. When I have better information on where the gryphons might be, I will react."

"At which point it might be too late! There are people living in those mountains; any one of them might stumble across the gryphons and be seriously hurt. Or even worse they could antagonise them, causing more danger to the region."

"I know that!" Martin said, meeting her temper with his own. "But if I send my men out into the wilderness there is no guarantee they will find anything, and every chance they will get lost in the mountains whilst the gryphons attack with impunity!"

Sara raised her hand. "Enough!" she said commandingly. Both Sophie and Martin fell silent. "I can see you both care passionately about this. You are on the same side, whether you appreciate that or not."

She turned to Sophie. "The lieutenant is right. Sending his men into the mountains with no idea where they are going is a recipe for disaster. You must understand this. What good will they do if they are stuck halfway up a mountain when the next attack comes? How will they defend anyone from the middle of nowhere?"

But Sara was not going to pick on the knight errant. Instead, she turned to Martin. "However, Sophie does have a point. We cannot simply sit idly by. Liuetenant Indor, is there nothing that can be done? No one that can be spared?"

Martin laughed. "Definitely not now that we are sending the troops out to garrison all the local villages." Then he paused, gazing at Sophie with contemplation. At last he spoke again. "However... Madame Maguire, I have a proposition for you."

"Yes?" the gorgeous redhead responded suspiciously. "Trying to get rid of me?"

"No. I want to... make use of you."

There was not meant to be a sexual undertone to that comment, Sara knew. But yet she was horny enough that she picked up on it anyway. And more startlingly it seemed Sophie had too. The beautiful knight errant flushed slightly red.

Lieutenant Indor realised the implication of what he had said and coughed with embarrassment, then carried on. "I am trying to say that your skills should not be wasted here. I cannot send men into the wilderness with no idea where they are going, but if someone were to find the gryphons, then I could."

"You are saying I should find them myself?"

"Yes. I will have you supplied with a signal fire kit. If you find them, light it. My scouts will see it and we will come at once."

Sophie considered him for a moment, then smiled. "Alright, lieutenant. You have a deal."

Sara stepped side as a soldier was called into the room, then watched as Sophie was provided with the signal fire kit. Sophie took it, turning it over in her hands. It was a small vial of green liquid, designed to be poured onto a small campfire. There it would flare brightly a hundred foot in the air where it could be seen for leagues, without actually getting hot or risking setting anything on fire. All in all it was quite wondrous.

"So I just pour this on to a campfire?" the gorgeous redhead asked.

"Yes," Martin replied. "Then my scouts will see it, and I will be informed."

"And you'll come for me?"

"I, ah..." Martin replied, and Sara snorted a laugh at yet more accidental innuendo between the knight errant and the lieutenant. She found their unintended flirtation hilarious.

Sophie blushed bright red and shoved the vial into her pack, then bowed hastily. "I won't let you down, lieutenant," she said, not making eye contact with him. "Or you, dame knight," she added hastily before scurrying from the room.

Sara watched her go then turned back to Martin. He, too, looked a little embarrassed.

"If you two haven't fucked by the time all this is over, then there's something very wrong with the world," she teased.

"Very funny," Martin replied. "Besides, I don't think she'd be agreeable to that."

"Are you kidding? I've never seen two people so obviously trying to ignore the fact that they want to tear each other's clothes off. She's most definitely agreeable to the idea."

Martin chuckled and shook his head. "Well, if you're right, I'll be a very happy man." Then he raised an eyebrow with a cheeky smile. "And speaking of being a happy man, why are you here? Looking to take me up on last night's offer?"

"You have a one track mind, Martin," Sara scolded. "I actually came for two reasons. The first was to inform you that I am intending to travel into the mountains today, to search for signs of where the gryphon attacks might be coming from."

"Like Sophie?"

"Indeed, though I'll point out I had the idea first," Sara said with a grin. "But if you can spare any more of those signal fire vials I would appreciate it."

Martin nodded. "Of course. I will ask the quartermaster to take care of it."

A moment's silence lingered between them and Sara's magic cunt throbbed. She stepped towards him, a naughty glint in her eyes.

Martin also noticed the flirty undercurrent. "And what was the second reason that brought you here?"

"Oh, that one you already guessed. We have more 'important matters' to discuss, if you have the time to..."

"I think I can spare a few minutes."

"Good," Sara breathed, kissing him.

As they kissed they hurriedly undressed one another until they were both naked. Sara took a moment to enjoy the sight of his hard naked body, before pushing him roughly onto the bed. She smiled naughtily at the sight of his stiffening cock and without another word sucked it between her lips. His groan of pleasure was music to her ears and she eagerly began to bob her head, letting her tongue swirl as she did so.

It did not take long before he was wet with her saliva and she brought her fist up to pump on the parts her mouth could not reach whilst she focused on teasing and pleasuring his sensitive head. Martin reached out and rested his hands on her hair, faintly moving his hips in time with her work but obviously trying to not to get too rough.

Eventually however Sara knew she wanted more so she stood back up and kissed him passionately whilst she hurriedly straddled his waist. She placed her knees on the mattress, but her position on his lap as he sat on the edge of the bed was slightly precarious so she looped her arms around the lieutenant's neck for support.

Then she angled herself with his rock hard dick and settled down. Martin's eyes rolled back at the feeling of her pussy swallowing up his cock and Sara enjoyed the sight of his pleasure almost as much as she enjoyed the feeling of his member inside her.

She began to bounce her hips then, her body curving as she rode him in the sitting cowgirl position. His own hands were not still and thoroughly explored her body, particularly her big tits which were inches from his face at the position. It did not therefore surprise Sara when the handsome lieutenant eagerly sucked one of her nipples into his mouth whilst he toyed with her breasts.

After a few minutes she was riding him with passion, her entire body rocking back and forth on top of him. His face was a mask of hungry pleasure and she was sure that hers reflected that image. She could feel her pussy tightening on his dick.

"I'm going to come, Martin," she whimpered, staring into his eyes. "I'm going to come on your cock!"

It seemed like her dirty talk was all her lover needed as he threw his head back with a cry, his dick twitching inside her as he came hard. Sara followed a heartbeat later, pleasure overwhelming her. She wrapped herself against him and they held each other tight as they were lost to the pleasure of their orgasms.

When at last it had faded she climbed off the handsome lieutenant a little shakily and grinned at him. He too looked slightly dazed from the amazing sex and it took a moment before either of them said anything.

"Are you sure you have to leave today?" Martin said at last, a cheeky smile on his face as he watched her dress.

Sara laughed softly as she finished putting on her clothes. "Sadly, yes. There are gryphons to find. But I'll be back for you."

She moved towards the door, preparing to get changed into her armour and head out into the wilderness. But before she left, she turned back to Martin with a naughty wink.

"And next time, I'll bring Sophie."