 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, reined Snowglide in as the sun settled low on the horizon. She had been travelling all day up the mountainside and had seen no signs of the gryphons. However, she was barely beyond the base of the tall peaks so that was hardly surprising - the gryphons would certainly have made their lair further up. She would still have further to travel if she was going to find them.

Still, that did not make the day any less disappointing. She had not even seen the gryphons, only a few woodland creatures and the odd local whom she had directed to the town for their own safety.

As the sun began to set she realised she would go no further today. She would need to make camp.

Turning Snowglide to the side of the path she dismounted in the shadow of a small rocky outcrop. It was sheltered and would be a good place to stop. She dropped her pack onto the ground and was just about to start setting up her tent when she heard a faint gurgling sound.

It sounded like a stream so she left Snowglide in place and quickly climbed the small outcrop. It took only thirty seconds or so until she reached the top but when she did her eyes widened in surprise.

Hot springs!

The gurgling sound was the sound of bubbles rising up and popping at the surface. Sara tentatively reached out, knowing that hot springs were caused by hot water coming up from the ground. Sometimes it could be scaldingly hot, but when it was not... suffice to say many baths had become rich when built around hot springs of the right temperature.

She grinned as she dipped her hand in the water and realised it was perfect. These hot springs were far enough out of the way up the mountainside that most people probably didn't even know they existed.

She stacked a small amount of wood by the water so that she could light a fire there later, then climbed back down the outcrop and finished setting up her tent including a small fire. Afterwards she quickly ate. The sun had gone down by this point and Sara knew she should sleep, but after eating there was one more thing on her mind.

Well, two, really. For you see, she was horny as she always was. She had been extremely well-fucked by Martin earlier in the day but that was hours ago and now she needed release again. Here in the middle of the wilderness she was unlikely to find a partner but she could still take matters into her own hands.

And given there was a hot spring just above her calling out for her to relax in it, she decided she could kill two birds with one stone. Taking a thick branch and making a torch from it she climbed back up the outcrop. Her tent was just below her as the outcrop was not very tall, so she could make sure that no one would start ransacking it without her knowledge. Not that that was very likely here in the middle of nowhere.

She dropped the torch on the small pile of wood she had brought up earlier and smiled as it lit, casting a pleasant glow over the baths. Then she undressed before eagerly dipping her toes into the warm water. The rest of her soon followed.

She relaxed, feeling the soothing heat suffuse her, and closed her eyes. It was so peaceful that she simply enjoyed that tranquility for a few minutes until her hand started to subconsciously trace downwards.

It settled between her legs and she let out a soft moan as she began to pleasure herself. It was not the same as having a partner, but it was still very nice.

"I hope I am not disturbing anything," said a voice to her right and Sara's eyes shot open and she whirled around, half emerging from the water. The cool night air hit her and she had to hold back a shiver.

"Who is there?" she said, knowing that whoever it was would get a good eyeful of her tits but not particularly caring.

"No one who means any harm," said a soothing voice. "And if you are decent I will show myself."

Sara narrowed her eyes, then relaxed slightly, covering herself with her hands as best she could below the water. "Alright," she said.

A man strode into view, dressed in long red robes. He had blonde hair that fell straight to his shoulders but the most startling thing about him were his golden eyes, which seemed to almost glow in the dark night though it was probably just the way they reflected the flickering flames of the fire.

He stood about 6'1" tall from what Sara could guess, and was broad-shouldered and powerfully built. Which was rather surprising given that he was obviously a mage. Only a mage would wear elaborate robes halfway up a mountain - a local would be wearing a more practical outfit, and an adventurer would be clad up in armour.

She relaxed at the sight of him. Silly as it was to admit it to herself, the fact that he was so handsome put her at ease and caused her mind to go wandering back to her horniness.

"I am Kal," he said, nodding at her. "I am sorry to have surprised you. These pools are not usually occupied."

Sara smiled. "I am Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land. It is nice to meet you."

"Did you come all this way to enjoy the hot springs? It is a long journey for a bath."

"I did not," Sara laughed, shaking her head. "I am on a quest to find the source of the gryphon attacks. I stopped here to camp for the night and only afterwards discovered the hot springs."

"I suspect it was a welcome surprise."

Sara grinned. "Very much so. It seems tonight is full of... welcome surprises."

She met Kal's eyes again. He was certainly very handsome and she wondered whether she might tempt him into joining her. With that in mind she uncovered herself and instead settled into the water. His eyes went wide at the sight of her naked body but he tried to conceal it, instead clearly attempting to keep a neutral face. 

"Where you intending to bathe?" she asked, smiling slightly.

He swallowed. "I was. But I will wait until you are finished. Unless you intend to stay here all night...?"

"I am going to be here a little while," she agreed sadly. "You might have a long wait."

"A shame. Still, the springs are big enough for two, if you don't mind..."

Sara grinned. There it was. She knew where this was going now, and she loved it.

"Of course," Sara smiled. "I won't bite."

"I might," Kal winked back, then smiled and began to undress.

Sara did not look away. Their conversation had gone far past modesty, and besides, she had been naked the entire time.

A smile curled on her lips as Kal shed his garments. For a mage he was in remarkably good shape, with a strong, toned body that spoke of physical power. She did not get too long to look at him before he slipped into the water next to her.

"How wonderfully relaxing," Kal said, shutting his eyes and throwing his head back. "I always make sure to stop here on my visits."

"You visit often then?" Sara said, reaching out to run a finger down his arm.

He opened one eye, glancing at her finger and smiling naughtily. "I do. I have a home in the mountains."

"There are gryphons loose."

"They do not worry me. I am... bigger than them," he grinned.

Sara laughed. She did not doubt him, either. Kal gave every impression of being a powerful mage who could look after himself. She thought of asking for his help in tracking the gryphons but sadly he didn't seem too interested in doing so.

Still, there was something that he was clearly quite interested in doing. She let her finger trace upwards until she was cupping his cheek and then stood, throwing a leg over him and settling on his lap.

"Very forward of you," he said, pushing himself more upright.

"Well, what's the use in getting clean if we can't get a little dirty at the same time?" she purred, leaning towards him. Her blood was aflame with lust.

Kal simply grinned, wrapping his arms around her and tugging her down for a passionate kiss. Sara moaned into the kiss, letting her hands slip down to grasp his strong biceps. She broke the kiss then to grin at him, staring into his beautiful golden eyes. 

Suddenly Kal grabbed her more tightly and stood, bringing her with him. He deposited her on the edge of the hot springs, her feet still in the warm water but the rest of her out of it. Then with a naughty smile and knelt down and buried his face in her tits, kissing and licking the mounds before moving lower until he was between her legs.

She moaned as he started to work on her pussy. He had a very skilled tongue and soon she was writhing, an orgasm building quickly. He glanced up at her with a mischievous glint in his golden eyes and pushed a finger inside of her, then a second. They started to pump and as his tongue worked on her clit his fingers moved rhythmically inside of her. It was too much for Sara to hold back and within a minute she screamed out in pleasure and came against his face.

Before she even had a chance to fully recover Kal had stood up again and was kissing her, angling his rock hard dick with her entrance. She did not mind and moaned loudly as he pushed inwards, stretching her full in the most delightful way.

Soon he had bottomed out in her cunt and he rested there a moment to let her get used to his size. He was certainly on the bigger end of her lovers, any bigger and it might have hurt. As it was however he felt amazing.

Then he started to thrust and Sara grinned into their kiss as he groaned into her mouth. Clearly he was enjoying her pussy just as much as she was enjoying his cock. It did not take long before he was fucking her at a steady, potent pace. His hand reached up to cup one of her breasts, squeezing the soft flesh as he drove into her.

She wrapped her legs around his waist as he fucked her, letting her hands explore his muscular and sexy body. His blonde hair was wet from the water, sticking to his skin, and she knew hers was the same. Somehow it only made things even hotter especially when coupled with the droplets of water that sparkled on their wet skin in the dying light. The warm water sloshed noisily as Kal fucked her, churning the surface with his powerful thrusts.

She could feel herself getting closer and she stared at her lover with glee. He too looked like he was nearing release.

"I'm going to come," she said, gazing lustfully into his golden eyes. "Don't stop!"

"Me too!" he said, his jaw setting as he fucked her. "Ah!"

His eyes squeezed shut as he came inside her and Sara could tell from the look on his face that he was coming hard, likely harder than he ever had before. That was always the way with her magic cunt. At the same time her own climax hit and she howled out her pleasure as rapture pulsed through her body.

Eventually both orgasms faded and Kal withdrew from her with a satisfied sigh. He relaxed into the warm water and Sara joined him. They bathed in silence for a few minutes, recovering their breath and simply enjoying the hot springs.

Then Kal climbed out and Sara smiled as he whispered a slight incantation, his skin glowing hot as the water droplets sizzled and evaporated away, leaving him dry. He began to dress.

"Will you camp here for the night?" she said hopefully. Waking up next to this sexy man would get her day off to a fantastic start.

He shook his head. "Sadly not. I have to get to my home as quickly as possible." Then he grinned. "Honestly, I should probably not even allowed myself this little distraction. But I don't regret it."

When he was finished dressing he gave her a final nod of the head and a broad smile before disappearing into the treeline on his journey further up the mountain. Sara found it strange that he would continue travelling so late - he would surely have to stop soon anyway given it was dark.

Then again, he was a powerful mage. Maybe the darkness did not prove as much of a hindrance to him as it did to her. Perhaps he would travel all through the night.

Either way, Sara was alone, which was a shame. But everything had an upside. As she settled back into the water she enjoyed the silence and the brief bit of a respite from the stressful task of finding the gryphons. For the next few minutes at least she could enjoy herself in peace, freshly-fucked and happy. Soon she would climb out of the water and return to her camp to sleep.

But for now, she relaxed.