 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, stared at the broad river in front of her. It was fierce despite its breadth, but quite shallow. A huge waterfall thundered to her right, the water plummeting from a great height and churning on the rocks below. She had to admit that it was absolutely stunning.

It was also completely in her way.

She needed to cross the river or else her journey had been fruitless. For the past two hours since she had risen that morning she had been travelling through an increasingly steep ravine. If she decided to turn around now she would have to all the way back to the start, and there was no guarantee that she would be able to find another route anyway.

She gritted her teeth, dismounting from Snowglide and walking as far as she could up and down the riverbank. The water was shallow, but quite fast moving. There was nowhere easy to cross.

She looked back at her horse and sighed to herself. It would not be fair to ride the mare across - she would struggle for grip enough as it was. Instead she would need to guide her.

Walking back she took Snowglide by the reins and then dipped her toe in the river. She sucked in a gasp at how icy cold the water was then steeled herself and stepped further in. Snowglide followed tentatively but at least the water only went as far as their knees.

Slowly they picked their way across the river. Snowglide actually proved to be surer footed than Sara, who would occasionally slip on the smooth wet rocks beneath her feet. At last they had crossed the river and Sara climbed out onto the other side.

She guided Snowglide forward, helping her up onto the bank. It was quite steep however and mare struggled, trying a couple of times to make it but slipping back both times. Sara could see that her steed was starting to panic, so she jumped back in the water to help her with a bit of a push.

She did so, giving the mare a gentle shove as the horse suddenly lurched forwards, this time clearing the bank and making it onto dry land. However, the movement was quite violent and Sara watched in horror as it dislodged her pack, sending it tumbling into the rapid icy water. Sara lunged for it but missed, landing up to her neck in the water and it was all she could do to clamber back to her feet and escape the river, watching in despair as her pack coursed downstream.

Suddenly a loud cry filled the air and Sara looked up. It did not sound like one of the gryphons and turned out not to be so. Instead a great white eagle, as wide across as Sara was tall if not more so, swooped down from above. It grabbed the pack out of the water, lifting it into the air.

"Hey!" Sara shouted, waving at the bird in anger. "That's mine!"

She did not think it would do any good but suddenly the bird veered around, angling right for her. She flattened herself to the ground as it dived on top of her but at the last minute it angled upwards and dropped the pack by her head.

Sara rolled onto her back and watched with surprise as the eagle cried out again and then circled away over the mountains. She lay there a moment gulping down air not knowing what in the hells had just happened before at last pushing herself to her feet.

Snowglide was snorting but was fine and Sara quickly reattached the pack, making sure that everything inside was alright. It had floated thankfully and very little water had made it inside, meaning that mostly nothing was soaked. Unlike Sara who was dripping wet from head to toe. The water would simply run off her mithril armour without damaging it but her underclothes were not so lucky. They would need to dry.

She climbed back on to Snowglide and angled her into the woods, hopeful of finding somewhere with a bit more shelter that she could rest in. Perhaps she could even build a fire to generate some warmth. Partly to dry her clothes but also to warm herself up after being immersed in the icy river water.

She rode for a few minutes until she heard the a sharp repetitive sound. She paused and wondered what it could be until she realised it sounded like someone chopping wood. Which in turn meant there might be signs of civilisation nearby!

She angled Snowglide towards the noise and very soon after rode out into a small clearing. A roughly made cabin stood there with the trees cut back all around it. A small stack of logs rested against one side and a small area out the front had a few animal carcasses hanging from it as well as leathers left to dry.

What grabbed her attention however was the shirtless man holding an axe who had been chopping the wood. He paused as she entered, turning his head to her and regarding her with curiosity and also a little suspicion in his ice blue eyes. She took the time to really check him out.

He was likely in his late-thirties and very tall at around 6'5". He was extremely broad and very muscular though his physique spoke of days of genuine hard work and not simply generous exercise. His hair was black and messy but not overly long, and he had a thick beard that was nonetheless well looked after and not left to just grow wild. His chest was a carpet of chest hair but that only enhanced his appeal. Sara had to admit, he was an extremely handsome man.

"Who are you?" he said at last, his voice low and gruff. He bounced the axe in his hand menacingly.

Sara raised her palm. "I am Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land. I do not mean to hurt you. I... need a place to rest a short while."

He stood still a moment longer then nodded, before setting down the axe and walking over to her. He held out a hand and Sara took it and let him help her dismount. She did not need the help but it would have been rude to turn him down.

"Sara, you are soaking wet," he said. "What in the heavens happened to you?"

"A mishap with the nearby river," she said with a smile, a little embarrassed. "Can I come inside?"

"Of course. Follow me," he said, showing her to the cabin.

He opened the door and showed her in. It was very sparse and rudimentarily furnished but Sara had to admit it was still very cosy. The man walked over to the bed and picked up a loose shirt, tugging it over his head. Sara was disappointed to see his muscular chest hidden from sight.

"I am Geryn," he said afterwards, coming over to her. "I am a hunter by trade. I'm sorry if my welcome was less than polite. I'm not used to visitors."

Sara shot him a broad smile. "That is quite alright. A soaking wet Knight of the Land riding out of the woods is not a common occurrence anywhere in the world. I do not blame you for being surprised."

He chuckled and they stood there in silence for a few moments. At last Sara spoke again.

"Geryn, is there anywhere I can dry my clothes?" Sara asked.

"Of course. I have a tanning rack outside, and the day looks clear," he replied. "I will set up the rack and leave you in private to change."

"I don't mind if you stay," Sara said, unable to stop herself. Sometimes the sex magic inside her seemed to take control of her.

Geryn smiled. "Perhaps not, but I will leave you in peace nonetheless."

Sara watched with slight disappointment as the handsome woodsman left the cabin. She could hear him clattering around in the small yard and knew he was doing as he'd said.

She took the time to change out of her armour and took great pleasure in peeling her sodden underclothes from her body. She was left naked, and she dried herself on a cloth that Geryn had left out for her. Then she rummaged through her pack, pulling out her comfortable clothes and getting dressed.

Afterwards she collected the wet things and took them outside. Geryn was there and he smiled at her and she noticed that he could not help but check her out in her more casual outfit. She knew she looked good in it, particularly the hint of cleavage that it revealed.

The woodsman helped her load her wet things onto the tanning rack. It was a little tricky given that's not what the rack was meant to be for but soon they had it right. Binding the clothes down with a little rope, she smiled as they billowed in the cool mountain breeze. They would be wearable in an hour or so and she could continue her journey.

"Would you like something to eat?" Geryn said as they both went back inside and he lit the fire. Sara nodded and he began to warm some stew in a large black pot.

Sara took a seat and looked around the cabin. It was sparse but comfortable, but only really big enough for one. Two at the most.

"So do you live here alone?" she asked.

He nodded. "I do. I like it that way. I enjoy the tranquility of the mountains, and I enjoy being self-sufficient. I hunt and fish my own food, I chop my own wood, I built my own tools. I like that."

Sara squirmed slightly. His fierce independence was somehow even more manly than his appearance and very, very sexy.

"You do not have a wife?" she said.

"No," he replied. "Perhaps one day, but I am in no rush. It is difficult to find someone with the same outlook on life."

Sara could understand that. Whilst she found this man very desirable and his way of life impressive, there was no way she could live that way herself. She enjoyed the company of other people too much.

But the most important part about his statement was the fact that it suggested he was not romantically attached. Which meant that Sara's desire for him might come to fruition after all.

Soon he had finished warming the stew and handed Sara a bowl. She eagerly took it, moving over the small wooden table and setting it down. He joined her with a bowl of his own.

"Geryn, whilst I am very grateful to find you here, are you sure it's safe?" she said as she ate. "There are gryphons in these mountains."

He paused. "Is that what they are? I have heard loud screeches. Monstrous calls. I wondered what it was."

"And that doesn't bother you?"

"A little," he admitted with a shrug. "But not enough to drive me away. This has been my home for over ten years, and will be for decades to come. I won't be forced away from it."

"But it might be unsafe."

"Living alone up here is inherently unsafe, Sara. I have to be strong-willed and focused or I will succumb to any number of threats. Gryphons are nothing compared to the chill of winter or the threat of a lean hunt."

Sara squirmed again. Gods, this man was turning her on.

Soon they had finished the stew and Geryn cleared away the bowls. He stoked the fire and as he did so Sara came up to stand beside him. She was so unbearably horny.

"Geryn, I have a few hours to wait until my clothes are dry. I want to give you my thanks for helping me out."

"It was the right thing to do," he smiled. "Think nothing of it."

"Still. I think you deserve a reward, don't you?" she teased. "Besides, what I have in mind is a fantastic way to pass the time."

His eyes opened wide as she dropped to her knees, reaching for his belt, but he did not pull away. Sara smiled up at him as she loosened his pants then tugged them down, his cock springing free. It was still soft, which meant she could enjoy one of her favourite things - feeling it harden in her mouth.

She captured it between her lips and began to suck gently on the tip, bobbing her head slightly as his member responded to her attention. At the same time her hands slipped beneath his loose shirt and found his hard, forested chest. He groaned at the feeling and pulled off his shirt, tossing it away.

As his cock reached full mast she pulled her head from it, instead pumping her fist on his length and taking the time to enjoy the sight of his hard, naked body. He was toned and muscular but through years of using his body, not from training. He had a ruggedness about him that was apparent even when he was naked, his hands slightly calloused, his muscles knotted in places. He had a delightful amount of body hair, too, enough to enhance his masculine appeal but not make him look like a werewolf.

She returned to her work, teasing his dick with her lips and tongue and playing with his balls with her fingers. Slowly he started to gently pump his hips back and she knew he was getting close to coming. She stopped. He would not be coming in her mouth - she had somewhere far more fun in mind.

"Getting close?" she teased, slowly standing.

"How could I not be? You give a superb reward," he grunted back.

She smiled naughtily. "Oh, that's only the warm-up to the reward. The real reward is me."

Then she stepped backwards, undressing as she went. She tossed her clothes aside until she was at last completely naked and crawled backwards onto his bed. Still maintaining eye contact she traced a hand down the front of her body and framed her already-wet pussy with her fingers.

"That is, if you want me..." she purred.

Geryn growled in response, closing up and climbing onto the bed after her. He grasped her head and kissed her, then angled himself with her waiting cunt. He pushed inwards with passion, though not so forcefully that it hurt.

Sara whimpered into his mouth in pleasure at the motion and soon he was moving inside her. It did not take long for their sex to build to a lustful rhythm, his bed rocking in the motions of their sex. Sara guessed that it did not get tested this way all too often.

They fucked that way for a long while, enjoying the feel of each other's bodies. Sara delighted in his hairy chest and muscular, thick arms. She wished that she could stay here for days and she did not think that Geryn would mind.

However, she knew she could not, and as his eyes squeezed shut she knew he would not last much longer. Nor would she as it turned out because seconds later she could feel the orgasm building inside her reaching its breaking point.

Her climax hit a few moments later, her pussy spasming on his length. That clearly pushed Geryn over the edge too because he cried out as his dick twitched. Sara knew he was coming deep inside her, his seed spilling into her depths and that knowledge only enhanced the potency of her already-mindblowing orgasm.

Afterwards, he slumped down on top of her with a soft groan, kissing her neck. She grinned and they lay there for a short while. Eventually however she climbed from the bed and wrapped a blanket around herself as she went to check on her clothes.

They were dry, and she brought them back inside to dress again. Soon she was resplendent once more in her shining mithril armour.

"I best be going, Geryn," she said. "Thank you for the food and the company. Take care of yourself."

She gave him a quick kiss, then she walked outside. Snowglide was waiting patiently for her and she quickly mounted up and rode away. At the treeline she turned back to the cabin and saw that Geryn was already back outside and chopping wood, paying her no attention as she rode away.

She smiled as she led her horse onwards.