 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, sucked an annoyed breath through her teeth as she gazed ahead of her. Her path was completely blocked by a rockslide. She would need to find another way around and the sun was already beginning to lower in the sky. She had already lost time earlier in the day trying to cross a river (and then drying off when it didn't go to plan) and now she was running out of daylight.

A tall cliff face loomed ahead and it was this that had partially collapsed. To her right the mountain fell away sharply, back towards the broad river she had been troubled by earlier. Behind her was thick woodland and buried somewhere in that was Geryn's cabin though she could no longer see it.

That meant her only option was to go left, down into a deep bowl-shaped depression of bare rock and hope that she enough daylight left to climb the other side. If she were stuck down in the hollow when darkness fell she would struggle, as there was little shelter to raise a tent and no water for Snowglide. There was not even wood to make a fire.

She considered stopping where she was for the day and trying again in the morning, but then she would lose valuable hours on her quest and that did not seem fair to the people of the villages to whom an hour could mean everything. With that thought in mind she resolved to try it.

Snowglide had a hard time going down the side of the stony ridge so Sara took it slowly. It took almost an hour to reach the bottom by which time the sun had almost set. As it was the hollow was in shadowy darkness. Sara has misjudged how difficult the descent would prove to her horse and now it seemed like she would be stranded down there for the night.

She led Snowglide across the small rocky plain to the other side. If anything this was slightly steeper and the mare tentatively started to climb. Progress was even slower and in the failing light Sara realised that she could not go on. It would not be fair to her steed to expect her to navigate such difficult terrain in the pitch dark.

Cursing again at her stupidity for misjudging the descent, Sara turned her horse around. Soon they were in the hollow once more and she dismounted. There was nothing here and she shook her head with anger at herself as she took off her pack and started to dig around for her tent. She felt even worse for her horse, who would have nothing to drink and nowhere comfortable to rest.

"You look like you are lost, dame knight," said a loud, deep and extremely imposing voice above her that rumbled around the entire stony basin.

Sara instinctively crouched away from that voice, her hand going for the Axe of the Mists. Behind her Snowglide whinnied and took off running to the far side of the hollow.

Sara glanced upwards and her blood ran cold as she made out a gigantic shape sitting at the top of the cliff-face that marked one side of the hollow, cast in shadow by the setting sun. Suddenly that shape spread huge, leathery wings and swooped down. Sara whirled to face it as it landed in the middle of the hollow, almost filling the rocky basin.

"You're kidding me," Sara hissed as she took it in.

A fucking dragon!

Golden scales shimmered on its hide even in the day's dying light. It was huge, impressive, and more than a little terrifying. It was immensely imposing and her knuckles were white from clutching her axe, though she suspected it would do little against such an ancient and powerful beast.

"Are you lost?" it asked, its voice a deep draconic rumble.

Sara nodded. "I am," she said quietly, admittedly quite scared. "But I will still fight, if I have to."

The dragon laughed, a deep, booming, reassuring sound. "There is no need for that. Behind you there is shelter. I will share it with you."

Sara turned her head slightly then, wary of turning her back on the dragon but intrigued by what he meant. She knew that behind her was nothing but exposed cliff.

Or at least that had been the case.

Now a small cave opened out, winding deeper into what looked to be a cosy space. Light glowed from within and she could see tapestries, carpets and rugs spread out from the small part of the cave that she could see at the end of the long descending tunnel.

"What is that place?" Sara said, shocked to see it.

"My home," the dragon responded. "Or one of them, anyway."

Sara cocked her head, realising this dragon did not seem to be a threat. "Your home? No offence, but there's no way you'll fit in there."

The dragon laughed again. "It is good to see you making jokes. But you are right, I cannot fit in there in my true form. Thankfully, I like my human form almost as much. Perhaps even more."

"You have a human form?" she asked.

"All dragons have a human form, Sara," the dragon responded. "It is how we mix with your kind. Some of us like it so much we rarely turn back. I am not one of them, but that does not mean I don't like to indulge in it frequently."

Sara narrowed her eyes as he used her name. "How do you know my name?" she said suspiciously.

"Because we have met before," the golden dragon said. "Don't you recognise me?"

Suddenly the dragon shimmered, a faint mist seeming to surround it. Its body retreated into that mist, shrinking in size, until it disappeared within the cloud. When the mist dissipated seconds later there was no longer a dragon standing there. Instead there stood a handsome man, his hair long and blonde, his eyes a shimmering gold.

Kal!

"Perhaps now I am familiar," he grinned.

Sara almost doubled over. "Kal?" she said, shocked. "You're a dragon!?"

He spread his hands placatingly. "I am. My full name is Kalexcgis. Does that bother you?"

"But we had sex!"

"And it was thoroughly enjoyable," he said, still grinning. "I mentioned that I enjoyed taking on a human form. Passionate sex is one of the many reasons for that. Dragon sex is far more... glacial."

Sara's head was swimming. "I think I need to sit down."

"Then please, follow me," he said, stepping forwards and taking her arm. "You may want to show your horse to the water that flows in this tunnel."

Sara whistled and Snowglide trotted over, clearly content again and having forgotten all about the terrifying dragon. Sara wished she could share her horse's simple outlook on life.

At the entrance to the cave a small spring gurgled, feeding a stream that ran deeper into the lair. But Snowglide would be content here with water and shelter, so Sara led her to the spring and pulled out some food. Leaving it for the horse to eat, she patted her on the head and then left her alone to rest.

Afterwards, Sara turned back to Kal and let him lead her down the tunnel. She gasped as it opened out into a spacious and welcoming lair. It was too small for Kal to take his dragon form, but easily big enough to be comfortable for someone of more modest size.

"Do you like it?" he grinned. "Please, take a seat."

Sara could still not quite get her head straight. Seeing a dragon for the first time was already mindblowing enough. Having it emerge that the dragon was someone she already knew was almost too much. And knowing that she'd fucked that person before knowing he was, in fact, a dragon made her head spin wildly.

"I see you need a moment to adjust. I will make some tea," Kal said.

Sara nodded weakly in approval as he brewed some tea. She did not know where he got the fire from to heat the water but at the same time she was not sure she really wanted to know.

He came over to her afterwards and offered her the cup. It was a delicious herbal tea but it had a potent kick that almost blew her head off. She snorted back, her eyes wide.

"What is this?"

"A powerful tincture used to clear the mind."

"A draconic speciality?" she said, though she had to admit that it worked.

Kal laughed. "No. It comes from a recipe book. A human recipe book."

Sara took another sip, then snorted again. She handed the cup back. "Ok, I think that's enough."

But it had worked. Her mind was racing but it was clear again. She had her bearings.

She looked at Kal again. "Seriously though, you're a dragon."

"Yes."

"But you can take human form."

"Yes."

"And we had sex."

"Yes."

"Because dragon sex is boring."

"Yes."

"What makes it so boring?"

Kal grinned. He would not stop grinning and it made Sara almost want to throttle him.

"It is just... dull," he responded. "There is no pleasure in it. It is just practical. We need to do it every century or so in order to breed."

"That sounds awful."

"Of course, because you are a human. And sex for you is amazing," he replied.

Sara smiled to herself. Kal did not know the half of it. "And when you take human form you enjoy sex too?"

"Yes. Very much so. When we take human form, we really take it. It's not just an illusion. Most dragons spend a lot of their time like this. Feasting and dancing and laughing and fucking."

"You make human life sound so much fun."

"It is!" Kal beamed. "And it is wasted on you mortals! Think of all the food you could be eating, of all the passionate arguments you could be having! Of all the sex you could be enjoying! Instead you fight one another and squabble over petty bits of land."

"You sound almost philosophical, Kal," Sara laughed, at ease now with the handsome dragon. Very at ease. He certainly was extremely handsome, and she remembered what his naked body looked like, and how he felt inside her. Her horniness flared.

He grinned again. "Is it philosophy if it is the truth? You people spend too much time at each other's throats and not enough time beneath each other's sheets."

"The world would definitely be a nicer place," Sara agreed wistfully.

"Would you like to take another step in making it that way?" Kal responded, a naughty glint in his golden eyes.

Sara stood, sauntering over to him and placing her hands on his shoulders. "Do you promise not to turn into a dragon halfway through?"

"I promise."

"Then yes," she whispered, kissing him.

His arms encircled her waist as they kissed and she moaned. They remained that way a short while as they made out until at last Sara broke the kiss to start unlacing her armour. Kal did not seem to mind and instead he stared at her with delight as the chestpiece fell away, soon followed by her loose cloth top.

Her breast spilled free and his hands were instantly on them, joined moments later by his lips and tongue. He seemed to really enjoy her breasts and Sara giggled in amusement and pleasure as she stripped off the rest of her clothes.

Soon she was naked before him and she had to forcibly push his head away from her tits to encourage him to undress. He looked a little abashed but Sara did not mind - she found it quite flattering that he was so enamoured with her body. And she was soon distracted further by the sight of his wonderful naked form being revealed.

Then he was back to playing with her tits and she ran her hand through his luscious blonde hair. She closed her eyes and moaned at the wonderful feeling of his tongue dancing over her sensitive nipples.

"You really like my breasts," she teased.

He broke his attention and stared at her once more. "How could I not? They are perfect. It is one of my favourite things about indulging in human form: breasts. Lovely soft, pliant, squeezable breasts."

"Dragons don't have them, do they?" Sara laughed, realisation dawning on her.

"No, they don't," Kal responded, returning to his former occupation at her chest.

Sara had an idea, so she pushed Kal's head away, then winked as she led him over to the lush bed in the corner of the lair. She had no idea how Kal had got all of this furniture and opulence in here, but she didn't really care enough to find out.

Then she pushed the dragon onto the edge of the bed and kissed him. His hands immediately moved to her tits once more and she slapped them away, winking at him as she kissed lower.

His cock was already hard and she eagerly sucked it into her mouth. He was thick, and whilst before she had not really noticed it as any more than him being well-endowed, now it spoke of a hidden power that she knew the dragon possessed. Somehow that made it even hotter. Soon he was wet with her saliva and she grinned up at him as she pushed herself up into a kneeling position.

"I think you'll enjoy this," she purred as she pushed her tits together and welcomed the dragon's dick between them.

His eyes widened in delight at what was about to happen then rolled back at the feeling of her soft tits wrapping around his member. Sara pushed herself up and down, rubbing her breasts against his cock. She did not often give titfucks to a partner but in this case it seemed the obvious thing to do. And it appeared that Kal agreed.

Soon he was bucking his hips in time with her motions, fucking the valley of her cleavage. His cock would peep out and then disappear back between the pliant mounds and Sara was equally amused and turned on by the motion. Kal too was obviously enjoying himself, yet another broad grin plastered across his handsome face.

At last Sara knew she needed more, She let go of her breasts and his cock sprang free, suddenly released of its pillowy trap. Kal groaned in disappointment but Sara simply winked at him, standing up to kiss him briefly on the lips before slipping past him onto the mattress.

There she moved to all fours and wiggled her ass at him. Kal was behind her in a flash and with a look of pure pleasure sinking his thick cock inside her. Sara moaned, her head dropping in rapture as she pushed her hips back against him, drawing him in until he was balls deep.

She whimpered as he started to thrust. It did not take long before the steady thumping of his pelvis against her ass echoed around the small lair. She loved it, rolling her hips back against him as best she could as he took her from behind. Her breasts hung down invitingly and it did not surprise her when he reached forwards to cup them, kneading and squeezing them.

Soon he was fucking her with vigour and groaning loudly. Knowing that this was not his true form, but that he had adopted it purely to indulge in the pleasure of fucking her, made this even hotter for Sara and she could feel her orgasm building in her core. It was growing by the second and she could tell Kal's was not far away.

"I'm coming!" he bellowed then, driving himself as deep as he would go. Sara thought she would be split open in the most pleasurable way, and his hands gripped her hips tightly. His draconic seed erupted deep inside of her and the knowledge of that was all Sara took.

She pushed herself back against him with a loud sob of ecstasy, her eyes squeezing shut as her own climax hit. Pleasure seared through her and for a long while the dragon and the knight simply let their orgasms overcome them.

When it had finally passed, Sara slumped forwards, Kal's cock springing free as she did so. Then she rolled herself onto her back and grinned at him. He simply stared down at her with his golden eyes full of awe until at last he leaned down and kissed her gently.

"Yes, you humans definitely have more fun," he breathed softly, before settling down next to her.

With a laugh, Sara agreed.