 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, awoke to the smell of cooking food. Delicious, rich, hearty food, the likes of which she had not had in weeks. She sat upright, looking around for the source.

She smiled as she laid eyes upon Kal cooking in the corner, shirtless and wearing only a pair of loose brown pants. She knew this was not his natural form but that did not make it any less hot, or any less real.

"Good morning," she said quietly as she strode over, making no effort to dress. She knew Kal would appreciate that.

And he obviously did, his eyes roving over her naked body with glee as she came to stand next to him. "Good morning, dame knight. I thought I would be a good host. This is what you humans do in the morning for a lover, no?"

"The nice ones, yes." Sara smiled. "Dragons don't?"

Kal grinned. "No, dragons violently consume their mate after sex. But for you, I made an exception."

Sara's face went white with horror. She took a step back.

Then her eyes narrowed in annoyance as Kal doubled over in laughter.

"Oh Sara, I am joking. You have a lot to learn about dragons," he said, struggling to catch his breath from laughing. "We do nothing of the sort." Then his eyes looked up and down her form again. "We do tend to fuck again in the morning, though..."

Sara wagged her finger. "Not after scaring me like that. You need to get back into my good books first."

Kal smiled cheekily. "How about breakfast?"

"That'll do it," Sara winked.

Sara quickly dressed into her underclothes as Kal dished up the food, a mix of meat and vegetables that he had likely acquired from a local farm. Sara hoped he had paid for it but she was not about to challenge a dragon's morals. Instead she simply enjoyed the food.

When they were done, the dragon took the bowl away, then sidled back over. "So, did I get back in your good books...?"

Sara giggled, not answering him with words. Instead she kissed him and the dragon returned the motion, wrapping her up in his strong arms. She lightly grasped his cheeks as they drove their tongues into each other's mouths. He was so sexy, and there was such power in his body.

Suddenly he scooped her up and carried her to the plush bed in the corner of the lair. He dropped down and moments later had his head buried between her thighs. Sara moaned and reached down run her fingers through his long blonde hair. She grabbed his head, beginning to rub her hips back against his face as her pleasure grew until a few minutes later she cried out as she came.

When that was done she grinned at him and climbed further up the bed, encouraging him to join her. The gold dragon did and they kissed as he kicked off his pants, his hard dick sticking into her thigh as they lay together. She groaned at the feeling then rolled Kal onto his back. Grinning down at him, she lifted her hips and angled his cock with her waiting pussy.

She moaned as she sank down onto him, his wonderful dick filling her up. For a couple of heartbeats she simply sat there and enjoyed the feeling of the dragon's member inside her. Then she started to slowly bounce her hips and she could tell he was enjoying this as much as she was.

Soon however she was moving her hips more quickly and the sounds of their sex were loud in the small lair. Kal reached up to squeeze and play with her tits as she rode him. She laughed, remembering what he'd said about how much he loved breasts the night before.

Then she leaned down to kiss him, still bouncing her hips. Suddenly he let go of her breasts, instead wrapping his arms around her slender body and pinning her against him. His hips began to hammer up against hers, his wonderful cock slamming into her magic cunt.

She sobbed out into the kiss, overwhelmed by the pleasure of his dick pounding into her and his hard, powerful body pressed against her. She kissed him passionately and knew she was close to coming. She could tell that the same was true for him.

With a great bellow he thrust upwards one last time and she felt his cock twitch inside him as it went off like a geyser. The knowledge that she was being filled with the cum of a gorgeous, powerful dragon set her off too and she twitched in the throes of an intensely strong orgasm.

When it finally faded she climbed off Kal with a giggle and set about getting dressed. As much as she wanted to stay all day with him, she still had a quest to finish. Soon she was dressed and her pack was ready. Kal walked with her to the entrance of the cave where Snowglide patiently waited for her.

"Will you stay here?" Sara asked.

Kal nodded. "As long as I'm nearby, this den is hidden. I'll stay here at least until the problem with the gryphons has abated. There's too much potential for someone to stumble upon my home."

"Someone other than me, you mean?" Sara said, shooting him a smile.

He grinned. "Exactly. And I might not be in such a good mood next time," he added with a wink. "It has been a pleasure. Goodbye, Sara."

She gave him a quick kiss then mounted Snowglide and led the mare away from the lair. Turning back she smiled - she could not longer see the cave. Instead it appeared to be a smooth cliff face once more. Clearly Kal's magic was as powerful as he said.

She turned her attention to the task at hand. She had to lead Snowglide up the steep rocky side of the bowl-shaped hollow. It took over an hour of careful climbing but eventually the mare cleared the ridge.

Sara was relieved at what she saw - there was another path up the mountainside, and this one was not blocked by a rockslide. Thankfully, it was only mid-morning too so she still had the whole day to travel.

The day stretched out as she climbed, always keeping a wary eye out for the gryphons. Once or twice she heard loud screeching calls and knew that they belonged to the beasts but she never actually caught sight of them. The air up in the mountains was still and quiet and she knew that such loud noises would travel for miles. Just because she could hear them did not mean that they were nearby.

She stopped for lunch at a nice viewpoint and took in the scenery. Despite the importance of her mission Sara could not avoid noticing how beautiful everything was. The peaks rose around her but she still travelled through thick woodland. However the trees were no longer the oaks, ash and birch of the lower elevations but instead tall pine trees. It was a different world but still gorgeous.

After eating she continued on and made steady, if slow, progress up the mountains. It was just starting to grow into evening when she caught sight of something glinting in the low afternoon sun up ahead. Then she realised it was moving - it was a person in armour!

The person saw her too and stopped and Sara guided her mare towards them. With a laugh she realised it was Sophie, the Knight Errant, and gave her a hearty wave. Sophie waved back.

Soon the distance had closed between them and Sara reined in alongside the other woman. She took a moment to remind herself of just how hot Sophie was, with her red hair tied back in a ponytail and her deep green eyes glowing warmly.

"I did not expect to see you up here, dame knight," Sophie said cheerfully. "I thought I would be alone."

Sara nodded. "And I the same. It is a pleasant coincidence that brings us together," she said, the smiled naughtily. "Very pleasant."

Sophie blushed slightly, then gazed further up the mountain. "I assume you have not found the gryphons' lair either?"

"Not yet. But I won't give up."

"Neither will I, dame knight, you can be sure of that. I won't let these people down."

Sara smiled. "You don't have to use my title. Call me Sara, please," she said. Then she glanced at the sky. "You know, it is getting late. I was going to set up camp soon. Were you planning on stopping?"

"I was going to continue a short while longer..." Sophie said.

"It would be nice to have your company tonight," Sara said. She knew there was a double meaning there, and hoped Sophie picked up on the flirty undertone.

The knight errant blushed again, the smiled. "Of course. I... I would like that too."

With that decided, they led their horses into a slightly sheltered thicket so at least they would not be so easily spotted were the gryphons to pass by. There they set their horses up with some food and water and Sara began to prepare her tent whilst Sophie gathered some firewood. She had managed to convince Sophie that they would only need one tent as hers was plenty big enough for two people.

It had no been too hard to covince her but still Sara was not sure if Sophie was flirting back and just being a little shy, or genuinely not interested. She did not want to push the knight errant into doing something she was uncomfortable with. Still, there was only one way to find out.

Sophie got a small fire going on her return and as Sara cooked some food she realised that the sun had well and truly set. Only the dancing flames lit their surroundings as it was a very dark night.

It was cold too as it often was up in the mountains especially without the sun for warmth. They both huddled around the fire as they ate and Sara chatted amiably with the knight errant. Soon they got on to the topic of her past.

"So you are of House Falai," she said, nodding towards the gryphon crest on Sophie's armour. "This task must feel particularly personal to you."

Sophie nodded, swallowing a mouthful of the stew. "Yes, it is."

"Hoping to find a gryphon and bring it home?" Sara teased.

Sophie suddenly blushed again and glanced away. Sara laughed.

"You are, aren't you!" she said, playfully pushing Sophie. "You devious woman! Bringing back a live gryphon or two would definitely earn you a place as a Knight of the Land."

Sophie met her eyes. "Do you really think so, Sara? I hope so. I admit, I am dreaming of being able to do so, but at the same time I cannot make it my sole reason for being here. I am here to help people - if I also get a chance to improve my chances of being a full knight, then all the better."

"You are a truly honourable woman," Sara said. "But how do you intend to catch and tame a live gryphon?"

Sophie shrugged. "I don't know. But there are two of them, aren't there? Maybe there's an egg or two."

Sara hadn't considered that. If these two gryphons were a breeding pair that put a different slant on things again. What would she do if they were? It would hardly be fair to drive the parents away to abandon their young, especially not when they were rare anyway. She would have to think about that carefully were it to prove true.

But right now she had other things on her mind. She set down her bowl and moved closer to Sophie. The knight errant looked a little embarrassed, but did not move away.

"It is a cold night," Sara said, staring into her eyes. She was sure she saw a glimmer of anticipation in those emerald orbs.

"It is..." Sophie replied quietly, setting her bowl down. "Very cold."

"Perhaps we should share a bedroll. For warmth."

Sophie nodded. "For... for warmth."

"And maybe a little more, if you'd like..." Sara breathed, leaning closer.

Sophie's lips parted and she stared at Sara with desire. Sara took the hint and kissed her, just gently enough that the knight errant could easily pull away if she wanted.

She did not. Instead she kissed Sara back and the embrace quickly grew passionate, the two women's tongues duelling as they lustfully made out. At last the kiss broke and they stared at each other with hunger.

"I did not know if that's what you wanted," Sara giggled. "You are a hard woman to read."

Sophie blushed again. "I did want it. I've wanted it all evening. But I didn't want to be the silly flirty Knight Errant trying to charm her way into your good books."

"Oh, it's too late for that. You charmed your way into my good books hours ago," Sara grinned then kissed her again.

And Sara wasn't lying about the temperature, either - it really was getting cold, especially as the fire began to die down. It was with that thought in mind that she took Sophie's hand and led her into her tent. Moments later they were kissing again and this time they began to undress each other.

Soon they were in their underclothes and Sara enjoyed peeling them from Sophie's body. The knight errant's embarrassment had well and truly evaporated and been replaced with an obvious desire for more.

Sara was keen to give it to her and kissed her way down Sophie's lovely body before reaching her stomach. There she traced her tongue lower, kissing her inner thighs, then pressing her tongue flat against the knight errant's wonderful pussy. She slowly dragged it upwards and enjoyed the beautiful redhead's long moan of pleasure. Within moments she was hungrily devouring her lover's snatch.

Sophie reached down, tugging on Sara's shirt and Sara pulled her head away just long enough to hurriedly disrobe so that she too was naked. Sophie evidently admired the sight, though her eyes soon rolled back as Sara's tongue found her pussy once more.

Sara lapped and licked and teased and sucked Sophie wonderful cunt until the redhead was rubbing her hips back against Sara's face. She knew she was good at eating pussy and the evidence was soon right in front of her as Sophie came with a loud cry, smearing her juices on Sara's chin.

Afterwards Sara kissed her way back up Sophie's body until the two women were making out once more. Sophie rolled Sara on to her back, but just as she started to kiss her way down her body Sara had an idea.

"No," she said, stopping Sophie's descent. "I have something even more fun in mind."

She reached to the side, collecting her pack and laying a fur blanket over the top of it to make it comfortable. Then she put it below her hips so that they were angled slightly upwards. She spread her legs to reveal her dripping pussy and grinned.

"Now sit on my face," she purred.

Sophie smiled naughtily and Sara knew she had realised what was being suggested. The beautiful redhead quickly straddled Sara's face and Sara tugged her down, immediately beginning to devour her pussy for the second time that evening.

At the same time Sophie leant forwards and Sara sobbed out loudly as her lover's lips and tongue found her cunt. The benefit of raising her hips in this position was that it made a sixty-nine possible. Unlike a more traditional sixty-nine with a man, whose cock would stand up proud and easily accessible, with two women there could be... logistical problems. With those overcome, however, Sara and Sophie could enjoy themselves.

And so they did. Sara hungrily devoured Sophie's snatch whilst the knight errant did the same in return. Sophie was an eager pussy eater but Sara was a master, so it was no surprise that she had Sophie closing in on an orgasm within minutes. Her own climax was growing rapidly at the knight errant's work, but was a little further away.

Sara moaned into Sophie's pussy as the beautiful redhead came again, lifting her mouth away from Sara's snatch to scream out in pleasure. Her body twitched as she rode it out and Sara enjoyed the feel of the knight errant climaxing above her.

But Sophie was clearly a committed lover because no sooner had the orgasm passed than she had buried her face between Sara's legs once more. Sara whimpered, her own climax almost upon her and as Sophie swirled her tongue on Sara's clit the moment arrived. With her own cry of absolute rapture, Sara came hard against Sophie's face.

Eventually Sophie pulled away, twisting back around and settling down next to Sara. They were both exhausted but thoroughly satisfied and Sara shared a lingering kiss with the knight errant.

It did not take long for them both to be asleep.