 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, sat astride her steed Snowglide as the mare carefully picked her way up the mountainside. She and Sophie had split up that morning, both agreeing that they would return to the camp that evening if neither of them found anything. Sophie had gone east, and Sara had gone west.

Below her she could see the huge waterfall that fed the violent river in which she had almost lost her pack two days previously. She cast her mind back to that event. It seemed so long ago even though it was not. A snow-white eagle had swooped down to save her pack from the raging waters and then dropped it at her feet, before circling away over the mountains. Sara wondered why the eagle had done that and hoped that the bird was still alive - with the voracious gryphons stalking the valleys the eagle would have to be careful.

After a while the ascent levelled off and then reached a crest of a very sharp decline. She had reached the edge of a valley and Sara stared down into it with wide eyes. It was stunning, with a small river feeding a broad alpine lake and both sides of the valley were steep and thick with trees. The view also allowed her to see beyond the valley and back the way she had come - far below her she could see the town at the base of the mountains and knew that it was full of nervous people.

Sara realised it would be a difficult descent on the narrow path and so she let Snowglide rest, leading her to a nearby stream to drink. At the same time she decided that she should have her own meal, and so she took out her pack and began to eat a small lunch of bread and cheese. Her supplies were beginning to dwindle and she knew that she would soon have to turn back or risk running out of food. She hoped she found the gryphons before then.

She was just finishing up her lunch when a sudden screech filled the air. It was distant but still loud, echoing up towards her, and Sara instinctively flattened herself to the ground. A moment later she caught sight of two creatures, one brown and one grey, soaring through the air. The gryphons!

They were slightly below her, flying through the valley and Sara was thankful as that meant both she and Snowglide were hidden from their sight. Edging forward she was able to give herself a better view and her heart skipped a beat as she saw the gryphons land only half a mile or so beneath her. They disappeared into a rocky outcrop in the cliff-face and Sara realised that it must be the entrance to a cave.

She had found their den!

She waited there for ten minutes, making sure that there were no other sounds. When she was certain that the gryphons were not about to reemerge she crept backwards until she was away from the cliff edge. She sat there a moment thinking of her next move.

She knew she should light the signal fire, but the only way she could do that and know that it would be seen was to light it at the edge of the cliff. That would provide direct line of sight to the town far below but would also make her easy to spot if the gryphons reappeared.

She glanced over at Snowglide, and collected her mare's reins. She led the horse back into the thick pine woodland that they had travelled through then left her by a stream. She knew her steed was noble and would not travel far, but if she did draw the attention of the gryphons she did not want her horse being in harm's way.

With that done she gathered what dried wood she could and returned to the cliff edge. She piled it up and then used her firelighting kit to get a small fire going. A faint tendril of smoke climbed up into the thin mountain air.

Rummaging through her pack she pulled out the small vial of green liquid that would create the signal fire. The quartermaster of the soldiers had given it to her, and explained how it worked. All she needed to do was pour it onto a campfire and it would send a column of bright green magical fire billowing up into the air that could be seen for miles. Even the soldiers in the town below would be able to spot it, and would know that she had found the gryphons and where she was. She uncorked the vial ready to pour it.

Suddenly there was a loud screech directly above her and a sharp talon knocked the vial out of her hand. At the same time feathered wings knocked her flat and Sara lay winded for half a second as she was thrown to the ground. A heartbeat later she scrabbled to her feet, readying the Axe of the Mists. She spotted the vial was broken and useless at her feet, the green liquid already soaking into the ground.

Sara whirled, trying to find the gryphon that had attacked her, annoyed that she had not heard it coming but surprised that she was still alive. Being ambushed by such a large predator should surely have been much worse.

Yet she could not see it.

Then she spotted something that she did not expect to see. The snow white eagle from two days before was soaring out over the valley, slowly swooping back around to face her. She realised it was actually the eagle that had attacked her, not one of the gryphons, and as it closed towards her she gripped her axe tightly.

The eagle swept down on top of her but at the last minute peeled away. Instead it landed deftly at the cliff edge, ten yards or so away from Sara, and stared at her.

Sara was confused. Why had the eagle attacked her? And if it saw her as an enemy then why did it rescue her pack two days before? It was not simply trying to take the pack for itself because it had dropped it at her feet. That suggested an intelligence that she did not think eagles normally had.

Her confusion only heightened when the eagle blurred around the edges and transformed into a young woman who took Sara's breath away.

The reason for that was twofold. Firstly, because moments before the woman had in fact been an eagle, but secondly, because she was absolutely stunning. She had snow white hair the same colour as the eagle's feathers, which was long enough to frame her face but did not reach her shoulders. Her deep green eyes were a contrast to her ivory locks, and her beautiful face was painted or tattooed (Sara could not tell which) with druidic markings on her cheeks. She wore a large wooden pendant which nestled between the cleavage of her obviously big tits.

She stood about 5'4" and was dressed in a white corset with her black pants tucked into tall green boots. She looked to be in her early-twenties, but from her two pointed ears Sara guessed she was much older than that - she was an elf!

"I'm sorry I had to do that," the woman soothed. "I'm not going to hurt you. You can put the weapon down."

Sara stared at her a moment longer, then slowly lowered the axe. For some reason she trusted this beautiful newcomer.

"Who are you?" she asked,

"I am Laryssa, a druid. And it's nice to meet you. And you?"

"Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land," Sara replied. Despite everything, she felt a familiar horniness shiver through her in the company of such a gorgeous woman. "Why did you attack me?"

"Because I know what those vial do. You were going to summon help. I could not let that happen."

"Why not?" Sara said. "There are gryphons in the valley below!"

Laryssa smiled. "I know."

Sara was stopped in her tracks. "You... you know? Then why did you stop me?"

"They are precious, rare creatures. I will not let them come to harm, especially not a breeding pair. They are too important."

"A breeding pair? What do you mean?"

Laryssa gave her a soft smile. "Come with me. I'll show you."

The elf smiled brightly then set off down the rocky path. Sara followed carefully, making sure not to slip - such a misstep would end in a very unpleasant tumble down the mountainside.

"So you came to protect the gryphons?" Sara asked as they descended.

"Not quite," Laryssa replied. "I discovered them a month or so ago whilst passing through."

"Passing through? To where?"

Laryssa laughed. "Does it matter?" She was silent for a moment. "Fine, I wasn't passing through, I was playing."

"Playing?"

She stopped walking and turned around. "Have you ever turned into an eagle, Sara? Have you soared amongst the mountaintops?" She raised an eyebrow. "I didn't think so. It's exhilarating. So I was enjoying myself, swooping and diving and flapping about. Shocking as it may be, I was having a little fun." She paused, then cocked her head. "That is, until one of the gryphons tried to eat me."

"Eat you?" Sara gasped.

"Well, it was hungry, I guess. But I would be a pretty poor druid if I couldn't pacify an aggressive beast, wouldn't I?" the elf grinned, setting off again. "Oh, and if you ever see any other members of my Circle, please don't repeat what I just said. They tend to be a very serious bunch; I'm not sure knowledge of my cavorting would go down particularly well."

"You are unlike any druid I have ever met, Laryssa," Sara chuckled. She found her demeanour lifted by the elf's bright and cheerful disposition, despite the imminent danger of being so close to the gryphons.

"I'll take that as a compliment."

They walked in silence for a moment, and Sara couldn't help but check out Laryssa's amazing figure in the tight clothes that she wore. Lustful thoughts began to race through her mind.

"You know, if you stare at me any more hungrily I might have to pacify you too, Sara," the sexy elf said with a wink. "Then again, I don't think I'd mind you eating me."

Before Sara could respond Laryssa spoke again. "We're here."

They had reached the cave. It was dark and foreboding, and Sara could hear noises within.

"Are we going in?"

"Of course," Laryssa responding. "There's something you need to see."

Then the elf stepped into the cave and Sara hurried to keep up. The way grew darker and darker as they went downwards, the sound of running water getting louder. The cave was broad and open and Sara could definitely see how a large creature like the gryphons would use it as a lair.

Suddenly they reached a bend and Laryssa stopped, then pointed into the room beyond.

"That is what I need you to see. That is why these gryphons must be protected," she said quietly.

Sara moved alongside her and had to stifle a gasp at what she saw.

The two gryphons lay side-by-side, sleeping deeply, but what caught Sara's attention were the dozen baby gryphons scurrying around in eager play. Some were grey, others brown, but all were unmistakably the offspring of these gryphons.

"They have children," she said at last.

"Yes," Laryssa agreed. "Something these mountains haven't seen for three hundred years. So you see why I cannot let them be hunted."

"But they are attacking the region," Sara replied.

"They must feed their litter. It is what parents do."

"People might die!" Sara replied.

Laryssa raised a finger to her lips, shaking her head. "Not too loud, Sara. I do not want to startle these beasts. Come, we can talk more easily at my camp."

"You have a camp?"

"What, did you think I slept here? Amongst these beasts? No, I have far more discerning tastes about who I sleep with."

She let her eyes linger on Sara a moment longer than necessary, then turned and walked off with a naughty smile.

Sara followed the gorgeous druid out of the cave and back into daylight. There they ascended slightly, to the entrance of a much smaller cave. They entered, and Sara found it to be small and cozy. The remnants of a fire rested in the centre and a small tent had been erected in the corner. Whilst the cave was sheltered from the elements it still likely got very cold at night so a tent would be needed.

"Now we can talk," Laryssa said. "And you can chastise me for daring to care about the wilds."

Sara sighed. "That is not what I meant," she said. "But these gryphons are attacking towns and villages in the local area. They are a threat, and it is a miracle they have not killed anyone. Even still, they have caused havoc. People are panicking."

"I do not mean to sound callous, but my duty is to nature, not civilisation," Laryssa said.

"And mine is to the people of the queendom, not beasts," Sara countered, placing a hand on the elf's shoulder. "I am not asking you to abandon the gryphons, but they cannot stay here. It is too dangerous. Surely you can you lead them elsewhere? Deeper into the mountains perhaps?"

Laryssa stared at her for a moment. Then she sighed. "I can't on my own... but with the help of my Circle I could."

Sara smiled happily. "Then that is what we must do! Call your fellow druids and we will bring this all to a happy end."

The elf paused. "I have a confession to make, Sara. I have not told my Circle about these gryphons. I did not want to get in trouble."

"Trouble?"

"I am not supposed to be here. I am supposed to be proving my worth with noble deeds, aiding nature wherever it falters, not cavorting on updrafts and swooping round the mountains."

Realisation dawned on Sara. "So you have kept the presence of these gryphons secret from the other druids? All to avoid getting caught?"

Laryssa nodded sadly.

"They have caused destruction!" Sara said, suddenly angry. "They have terrorised the people of this region, they have driven them from their homes. And you could have done something about it!"

"I'm sorry!" Laryssa said, looking distraught. "I did not realise that! I have been up here, in the mountains."

"Where did you think the gryphons were hunting?"

"I... I didn't think about it. I should have done, I know, but I didn't. Their blood is on my hands."

"Thankfully no blood has been spilled," Sara said, fuming. "You have to tell your Circle, Laryssa. You have to end this."

The druid stared at her, then squeezed shut her eyes. A single tear ran down her flawless cheek. "I know," she whispered at last. "Wait here."

Sara watched as the elf turned and grasped a small brown pouch. Walking back outside the cave, she reached into the pouch and then pulled out a pinch of powder, before throwing it into the air. It sparkled magnificently, crackling with green energy, then dispersed onto the wind.

"It is done," Laryssa responded, coming back in. "They will come immediately."

Sara smiled as relief flooded through her.

"Laryssa, you have done a great thing today. A good, noble deed. We all make mistakes - it is how we deal with those mistakes that is the measure of a person." Then she grinned. "Besides, it breaks my heart to see you this sad. I much preferred it when we were flirting," she added with a wink.

The elf laughed sweetly. "So did I."

Then she came to stand in front of Sara, a naughty smile growing on her face. "And on that topic, my Circle won't be here for at least an hour..."

"I guess we shall have to think of something to pass the time," Sara breathed back, before leaning down and kissing Laryssa.

The gorgeous elven druid did not pull away. Instead she looped her arms around Sara's neck and kissed her back. Sara reached up and stroked her fingers through Laryssa's snow white hair as their tongues duelled passionately.

Both women stood there for a short while simply making out until at last Laryssa led her into the tent at the rear of the cave. There they continued to kiss as the elf's fingers found the knots to Sara's chestpiece and started to undo them. Sara did not mind, and eagerly let the white-haired druid undress her until she was naked.

However, that meant that it was Laryssa's turn to be undressed and Sara eagerly pulled the white corset from her lover, moaning at the sight of the elf's big tits spilling free. Her hands were on them in an instant and she kissed and licked her lover's sensitive nipples. Then her hands dropped lower, squeezing her ass through her black pants and encouraging her to take them off. Laryssa took the hint and a few minutes later they were both completely naked.

Sara pulled Laryssa down then onto the cushions that the elf had spread over the floor of her tent. It was surprisingly comfortable and they lay together still kissing, their hands exploring one another's bodies. At last Sara broke the kiss and grinned her her lover.

"Sit on my face," she whispered, and she saw Laryssa grin mischievously.

"As you command, dame knight," she winked back then hurried moved until she was lowering her hips onto Sara's face.

Sara eagerly began to devour the druid's snatch and enjoyed the moans and whimpers her attentions brought. Her tongue explored the length of Laryssa's folds but slowly began to focus more and more on her clit. Soon the sexy elf was rubbing her hips back against Sara's face until a few moments later she screamed out in orgasm.

Sara let her ride it out until at last Laryssa lifted her hips and gazed down at Sara with breathless glee. Yet there was still carnal hunger burning in her eyes and she leaned down and kissed Sara passionately, her hands moving to grasp Sara's big tits.  

Then her hand traced lower and she maintained their kiss even as her fingers found Sara's pussy. The knight moaned into the kiss as one digit slipped inside her eager cunt and was soon joined by another. Still Laryssa kissed her as she started to pump her fingers in and out, curling them slightly to his all of Sara's most electric spots.

Soon she was fingerfucking Sara at a steady pace, pleasure coursing through the knight's body at the deft work of Laryssa's agile digits. The fact that the elf was still kissing her deeply made things even hotter and Sara delighted in the feel of her lover's wonderful soft feminine form pressed against her even as her mind was distracted by her onrushing orgasm.

It arrived a few heartbeats later. With a scream of pleasure that was muffled by Laryssa's hungry kiss, Sara came around the elf's fingers. Laryssa slowed her thrusts as Sara writhed on the bedsheets in overwhelming pleasure. When the climax had finally faded she withdrew her fingers and settled down next to Sara on the bedroll.

"Thank you for helping me do the right thing," she whispered.

Sara smiled. "Thank you for doing it."

Now all they had to do was wait for the druids.