 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, waited with Laryssa outside her small camp for the elf's fellow druids to arrive. They were coming to lead the gryphons away, somewhere safe where they would not be a threat to the local villages. Sara hoped that they could truly do so.

Laryssa had said it would take them just over an hour to arrive and so it proved. Six large eagles swooped down and transformed into various humans, elves and even one female satyr. They looked at Laryssa and Sara, and then an older human woman stepped forwards.

"Laryssa, why have you called?" she said. "Is everything alright?"

Laryssa bowed. "Elder, allow me to explain. There are two gryphons and their young in the cave below us. I happened upon them and have kept an eye on them, but they are now a threat to the local region and must be moved."

"Why didn't you let us know this before?"

"Because the fledglings could not yet fly. I wanted to watch over them until they were ready to move on."

"That is not your decision to make!"

"I, ah..." Laryssa said, clearly struggling to think of what to say.

"Elder, if I may...?" Sara said, stepping forwards. "Laryssa was doing the right thing for the gryphons. Too much activity would have drawn attention."

"And who are you?" she responded acidly.

"I am Dame Sara Illou, a Knight of the Land."

"A local knight? I care nothing for your rank. It does not bestow authority over me."

"Perhaps not," Sara said back coolly. "But it does show authority over these lands, which belong to my queen whether you like it or not. And your druids, who I am sure are extremely skilled, would nonetheless have drawn the attention of the local garrison."

Sara gestured down into the valley, towards the town which was hazy far below, before continuing. "And unless you wanted your Circle to come face-to-face with one hundred heavily armed soldiers, each one ready to do whatever it takes to stop the gryphon threat, then a little subtlety was required."

The Elder stared at Sara a moment, then sighed. "Very well, though I do not take kindly to threats from the local militia." She turned to Laryssa. "If all of the locals are as warmongering as this woman, then you did the right thing. Come, show me to the gryphons."

Laryssa bowed, leading the Elder to the cave. She caught Sara's eye and mouthed a thank you and Sara only smiled in response. She did not mind if the Elder found her to be rude - the important thing was the the gryphons were taken away and all this was brought to a happy end.

They returned a few minutes later and Laryssa came over to Sara. It had been decided that they would lead the gryphons to their sanctuary - a small island off the southern coast that was hidden from mortal eyes.

"Thank you for everything you have done," Laryssa said.

Sara bowed her head. "No, thank you." Then she grinned. "Did you get away with it?"

"I think so," Laryssa laughed.

Suddenly a call went up from one of the druids who had been circling overhead. He swooped down and shapeshifted back into his elven form. A young woman had been seen nearby, leading her horse to the ridge above.

From the description it was obvious to Sara who that was: Sophie!

"I will talk to her and keep her away," Sara said. "Goodbye Laryssa. Fly safe."

"You too, dame knight," the beautiful elf responded, giving her a hug before breaking it and scurrying down to join the other druids.

Sara quickly climbed the ridge in time to see Sophie approaching. The knight errant's eyes went wide when she saw her and she smiled.

"Sara! I was wondering if I would see you. My travels reached a dead end, so I decided to follow you." She leaned down, talking quietly. "I think the gryphons might be near. I saw them a few hours ago heading into the valley below."

Sara nodded. "They are."

"Have you lit the signal fire?" Sophie said, her eyes casting around. "I did not see it."

"No. I don't need to. There are druids below, who are leading the gryphons and their young away."

"Leading them away?" Sophie said, suddenly horrified. "No, I must get them!"

She dismounted, moving to sprint past Sara, who grabbed her shoulder.

"Sophie, you cannot interfere. This is the best thing for everyone."

"But those gryphons are my ticket to being a Knight of the Land, Sara!" she said frantically. "I have been chasing this for too long. I cannot let this opportunity slip away!"

"You have to!"

"No! You must understand me. How long did you search for your axe? Years? I do not know when I will get another chance!"

Sara grabbed Sophie's shoulders firmly and stared deeply into her eyes. "Sophie, being a Knight of the Land is not about great deeds. It is about being honourable. Doing good. Making hard decisions. Sometimes doing the right thing is not the same as doing the easy thing."

Sophie stared at her. "But my chance..."

"Will come again," Sara soothed, then embraced her. "This is not it."

Sophie sagged into Sara's hug, nodding. Then she sucked in a deep breath and straightened. "You are right, Sara. You are right."

Suddenly the sound of a dozen cries filled the air and Sara watched on with awe as a mix of giant eagles and gryphons rose into the sky. The eagles took the lead and the gryphons followed, the final few druids at the rear of the group.

"They are beautiful up close," Sophie breathed.

When the gryphons had disappeared from sight Sara turned back to Sophie and smiled. The knight errant seemed to have accepted that she had made the right decision and soon was back to her usual cheerful self, though Sara could tell she was a little disappointed.

"Your chance will come again, Sophie," she reassured her. "The fates will not be so unkind as to deny you a second time."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that. I am the unluckiest knight errant around," Sophie laughed. "But I would not change any of it if it meant being dishonourable."

Sara smiled. Soon she had recovered Snowglide and the two women were mounted again.

"We must return to the village," Sara said. "They need to know what happened."

They set off. It was still late morning, which meant they had the whole day to travel. As it turned out, heading downhill was much easier and quicker than the climb up. A huge part of that was because they had a clear destination in mind. They travelled all day but made extremely good progress.

That meant that by sunset they found themselves riding into the town. They made straight for the town hall where they tethered their mounts outside and walked in.

Lieutenant Indor saw them coming and his eyes opened wide. He stood, saluting them as they approached. "I did not expect to see you so soon," he said. "Any news? I hope everything is alright."

"More than alright, lieutenant," Sophie said proudly. "Dame Sara here has saved the day."

"It was a joint effort. Sophie most definitely made it possible," Sara smiled. "But yes, the threat is taken care of. The gryphons are gone."

"Tell me what happened," he said.

Sara glanced around. "Can we go somewhere more private? I do not want to discuss this so openly."

Martin nodded, leading them both to his quarters at the rear of the town hall. Last time Sara had been in here she had been enjoying passionate sex with the lieutenant. The mood was slightly different this time, though Sara secretly hoped things might head back in that direction again soon.

"So what happened?" Martin said, showing them both in and pouring three cups of wine.

So Sara told him, explaining about Laryssa, and about how the gryphons were a breeding pair. She detailed how the druidic circle had come and led the gryphons off to a sanctuary far away, and how they were no longer a threat.

He did not seem to doubt her. "I am impressed," he said. "I will leave things as they are for a few more days, but I will recall my troops at the end of the week."

Sara smiled and a small moment of silence stretched out between the three of them. Sara could not help but notice how attractive her two companions were, and she realised with an internal laugh that it had been all day since she'd last had sex. Her lust was beginning to flare back to life inside her and she would soon need to get one of her two companions alone to quench that thirst.

Then again, perhaps there was no need to get them alone. After all, what she really wanted was both of them at the same time.

Whatsmore, as had been obvious from the first time she'd seen Martin and Sophie talk, they desperately wanted to fuck each other. The problem was that neither thought it was appropriate to make the first move. So Sara decided to do it for them.

"Now, there is one last thing to take care of," Sara said, a naughty smile creeping across her face.

Martin noticed it first, and he raised an eyebrow. "And what is that, Sara?"

"You two need to fuck, of course."

Sophie spluttered, her eyes almost bulging out of her head as she flushed bright red. "Excuse me, dame knight?"

"Oh, don't pretend otherwise, Sophie," Sara teased, stepping towards her. "I see the way you look at the lieutenant. And at me," she added with a wink.

"I... I don't know what you're talking about."

"Then I guess you won't enjoy watching this..." Sara said, stepping towards Martin instead, placing both hands on his cheeks and kissing him passionately.

Martin seemed a little surprised at first but a beautiful busty blonde kissing him was more than enough to overcome any reluctance he might have had. Instead he wrapped his arms loosely around Sara's waist and kissed her back. She moaned into the kiss.

"I'll... I'll show myself out," Sophie said quietly and stepped past them.

Sara's hand shot out, grasping her wrist and twirling Sophie towards them.

"Dame Sara, I-" the redhead started, but the sound was cut off as Sara kissed her instead.

She melted into the kiss, returning it tentatively at first but soon growing more passionate. That did not surprise Sara - Sophie had been an eager lover when they had fucked on the mountainside.

Sara reached out behind her then, grasping Martin's wrist and tugging him closer as she and Sophie made out, until at last she pulled away and let the two of them stare at each other.

"Your turn," she murmured.

Sophie moved suddenly, grabbing Martin's cheeks and tugging him down for a frantic kiss.

His arms floundered for a moment, unsure of what to do until at last he regained his composure. He wrapped his arms round the redhead's back, tugging her close and Sara watched in on lust as they drove their tongues into each other's mouths.

"Much better," Sara murmured, stepping close to Sophie and beginning to loosen the knots to her chainmail armour.

The beautiful knight errant switched back to kissing her, and the two women passionately made out as they undressed each other. Soon both were completely naked, their nude forms pressed together as they kissed.

Then both women turned to Martin with hunger in their eyes and he grinned, hurriedly disrobing. Sara groaned at the sight of his wonderful naked body and was pleased to note the same sound coming from Sophie too. Clearly she liked what she saw just as much.

But despite how good Martin looked it was Sophie that Sara was currently interested in. She grasped the redhead's shoulders, guiding her to the bed and kissing her briefly before pushing her onto it. The knight errant fell backwards onto the bed with a yelp and Sara smiled wickedly before licking her lips and diving in.

"Oh fuck," Sophie breathed, her eyes rolling back as Sara began to eagerly devour her cunt. "I'd almost forgotten how good you were at that."

"You mean you already knew?" Martin said, watching them. "That means you must have..." He gestured between the two women.

Sara pulled her head away and grinned. "Does that make your cock stiff, Martin? How about you put it good use and get on the bed. I'm sure Sophie can figure out what to do."

Sophie grinned broadly at Sara's words, clearly in agreement, then her green eyes rolled back as Sara's tongue found her pussy once more.

Martin did as he was told. He quickly climbed onto the bed and leaned down to kiss Sophie. She looped her arms around his neck and kissed him back with passion, squirming in pleasure at the work Sara was doing between her legs.

After a short while Martin straightened up, moving to his knees. The beautiful knight errant twisted round to capture his cock between her lips without another word. Martin groaned, running his fingers through her red hair.

The sight of the two of them finally giving into their lust drove Sara wild. She eagerly feasted on her lover's pussy and soon Sophie was rubbing her hips back against Sara's face even as her head bobbed luxuriously on Martin's dick.

After a few minutes Martin pulled Sophie's head off his cock. She looked at him with surprise at first, then her gaze became one of lustful understanding as he slipped from the bed and moved behind Sara. Sara wiggled her ass at him, knowing what was coming next, but she still sobbed out in pleasure as his cock pierced her folds and sank deeper. 

Martin started to fuck her from behind but Sara did not let herself be distracted. Sophie had slumped back down onto the mattress, grabbing fistfuls of the sheets, and it was obvious she was extremely close. Her breaths were coming in ragged gasps and Sara did not let up as she hungrily devoured her lover's pussy. A few seconds later the gorgeous redhead's back arched as she came hard against Sara's face.

"That's so fucking hot," Sara heard Martin groan from behind her as Sophie twitched.

She pulled her face from the redhead's cunt and turned to him with a grin. "You'll get to make her do that soon. But first, it's my turn. Fuck me until I come, Martin!"

He grinned, clearly only too happy to obey the command. He started to thrust harder, his hips slamming against her ass, and Sara howled out her pleasure. She bit her lower lip and pushed herself back against him.

Sophie recovered slowly from her huge orgasm and eventually pushed herself upright. She moved to lie next to Sara and then kissed her, obviously enjoying the sight of Martin pounding Sara from behind. Sara responded to the kiss passionately and she loved the feeling of their tongues duelling whilst Martin's cock slammed into her.

Sara could feel her orgasm approaching rapidly now and she broke the kiss to sob out her pleasure. Seconds later the moment arrived and her eyes went wide, her climax erupting inside her. She twitched, slumping forwards and Sophie cradled her head as she spasmed in the throes of orgasm.

At last it faded and she gulped down air, pulling herself from Martin's cock and rolling onto her back. She met his eyes and laughed - his face was a picture of carnal hunger and she could tell he wanted more.

"Time for you two to finally get what you need," Sara purred.

Martin nodded, grinning wickedly as he grabbed Sophie's hips, pulling her towards him roughly. She slid over the sheets with a yelp but did not seem to mind, instead reaching up to grasp his cheeks and kiss him deeply as he angled his cock with her pussy. 

Sara could only moan in absolute bliss at the sight of Martin pushing inwards, Sophie's eyes rolling back at the feeling of him sinking into her. It was so fucking hot, seeing the two of them finally enjoy each other, and Sara could not help but let her hand wander between her legs and start to play with herself.

Then Sophie reached over, grabbing Sara's hand and pulling her towards her. Sara knew what she wanted and was only too happy to comply, throwing a leg over Sophie's face and then moaning as the knight errant wrapped her arms around Sara's waist and roughly tugged her down. The redhead's tongue and lips found her pussy and Sara sobbed out in pleasure.

Her lover eagerly set to work. Sara already knew how good Sophie was at eating pussy but it was still nice to have a reminder. Soon she was rubbing her cunt against her lover's face.

"Gods, I'm going to come... yes!" she cried, her orgasm hitting. She spasmed and jerked as pleasure overwhelmed her. When at last the climax faded she rolled off Sophie with a broad satisfied smile, instead twisting round so that she could watch her two lovers bring things to a close.

Now that Sara was out of the way, Martin grabbed Sophie's legs, holding them apart and using them for leverage as he began to truly fuck the knight errant. She howled out and pushed herself into a sitting position, her arms looping around his neck for support as he pounded her.

Despite not being actively involved, Sara decided this was one of the hottest things she had ever seen. She was satisfied after two orgasms but she needed to see her lovers share theirs. And it looked like she was going to get her wish.

"I'm going to come," Martin said, staring into Sophie's eyes.

She nodded back desperately. "Me too. Me too!"

He grunted, hammering his hips into her until with a cry Sophie came, clawing at his back as pleasure suffused her. The sight and feel of her climax seemed to push Martin over the edge too and with his own bellow of pleasure he joined her. Sara revelled in the sight of the lieutenant and the knight errant lost to their twin orgasms.

Finally Martin withdrew his cock and Sophie slumped back to gulp down air. Sara smiled, moving over to kiss the handsome lieutenant, then doing the same for Sophie.

Eventually they had recovered enough and Sara settled down on the bed, Sophie moving to snuggle up to her.

"I'm afraid I won't be leaving tonight, Martin," Sara grinned. "So you soldiers will just have to gossip."

He grinned, lying next to her on the other side. "I don't care if they do."

Sara and Sophie laughed softly, and before long all three were settling down to sleep. It had been a tiring few days but Sara had done it. The region was safe, the gryphons were protected, and she'd even fucked a dragon somewhere along the way.

Just another week in the life of Dame Sara.

THE END