 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, was strolling in her ample gardens enjoying the morning when she heard a carriage approach. She was not expecting visitors and so she turned and walked briskly to the front of the house, intrigued to see who might be arriving. There she saw a golden-trimmed carriage and she watched on as her servants rushed to open the doors and help out the occupants.

A man and red-haired woman both middle-aged stepped out, looking very prim and proper, and Dame Sara stepped forwards to welcome them. Introducing herself, she shook their hands, noticing that the man's gaze lingered on the very impressive swell of her cleavage in the tight gown she was wearing. She smirked to herself.

Sara welcomed the two of them inside and sent her servants to fetch some food and tea for their guests, and to take the horses to the stables for a rest and a drink. It did not look like the animals had been given much of a break on the ride here.

When the refreshments had arrived she dismissed the servants politely and then turned to her guests. "Now that we are comfortable, what brings you to my estate?"

The woman looked up at her with needy eyes and Dame Sara was immediately concerned. People often came to her for help since she was particularly famed in the queendom for recovering the long-lost Axe of the Mists. She often found her services needed and she was always proud and eager to help.

"My daughter has gone missing, Dame Knight, and we need your help in finding her," she said sadly. Sara noticed her husband nod dejectedly in agreement.

"Where might she be? When did you last see her?" Dame Sara said, leaning forwards. "Tell me everything you know."

The man nodded again. "Of course, m'lady. We last saw her a month ago. She left for the city of Eriport and we have not heard from her since. Normally she would have returned by now or at least let us know that she was fine."

Dame Sara set down her tea a moment. Eriport was a city-state north of the queendom, and not technically part of the queen's domain. Although it was a long-term ally of the queendom it was independent. Her position as a knight held no official power there.

"And you suspect something is wrong?"

"We do, Dame Knight," the woman nodded. "Our daughter has had it in her head recently that she wants to be an adventurer, even though she is our heir. We told her that her duty was to her estate and the people we watch over, but she rarely listens to us." The woman sighed sadly. "She left for Eriport to prove her worth as an adventurer."

"And your family sword, dear," the man gently added.

The woman nodded frantically. "Yes, that too. Our estate is in possession of an ancient and valuable sword that has been in my family for countless generations. She took it with her, claiming it showed that she had the blessing of our ancestors, and I fear that it may have drawn unwanted attention upon her. It is a very valuable sword, but not more valuable than our daughter's life." The woman began to sob.

"There, there my dear," the man comforted. "We do not know for sure what has happened."

Dame Sara stood. She had heard enough to know that she was needed.

"I will find your daughter," she announced, and the woman sniffed back her tears.

"You... you will?"

"Yes. But first, I must know whom I do this favour for. What are your names, madam?"

The woman sat more upright, as if channeling some inner pride. "I am the Baroness of Opuk, and this is my husband."

Dame Sara sighed to herself. She had suspected as much but still did not like having it confirmed. Nobles were never easy to help - they always had some sense of entitlement that no matter how well and quickly you undertook their quest they thought you should have done it quicker and better.

Despite being one of the most famous knights in the land Dame Sara still found herself accosted by haughty nobles who thought themselves better than her. Amusingly, the only noble she had ever encountered who did not fit that description was the heir to the throne herself, Princess Isabel. Indeed the gorgeous princess had even welcomed Sara into her bed with their mutual friend Sir Jeffrey.

Sara tried to stop that line of thought before the memories came flooding back. They would make her horny and this was not the place for that. But the heat that suddenly burned between her legs told her it was too late for that now.

"I will leave to find your daughter this afternoon," Dame Sara said, bowing to the nobles. "I must make preparations now. You are welcome to stay but you will understand if I must leave you - the sooner I am underway the sooner I will locate you daughter."

"Of course, of course," the Baron said as he stood. "We will leave you in peace at once. When you find our daughter, please send her back to Opuk."

Dame Sara walked to the door then paused. She turned back to her guests. "One more thing, it dawns on me that I do not know your daughter's name. It is something I should probably be aware of before I leave."

"Her name is Chloe," the Baroness said, before she bowed low and moved to the door. "She has red hair like mine and blue eyes like my husband. Please find her."

Then she and her husband strode towards the main entrance and soon Sara heard the carriage clacking away again. She hoped that horses had been given enough of a rest.

Rolling her shoulders, she quickly climbed the stairs, resolving to gather her armour and be on her way as soon as possible. If this Chloe was in trouble then she no time to waste.

She called out when she reached the top of the stairs. "Luke!"

A door opened and a good-looking young man of about 6' with messy brown hair jogged towards her. He was dressed smartly in good servant's livery and Dame Sara tried to ignore the throbbing in her pussy. Ever since Jeffrey had passed on his gifts to her she found her thoughts even more dominated by sex than they had been before but she could not complain about that. For all the drawbacks of near-constant horniness the exceptional pleasure she drew from sex more than compensated for that.

"Yes, Dame Knight?" he said, standing tall.

"I have told you to call me Sara," she laughed. Luke still insisted on calling her by her title rather than her name and no matter what she did she seemed unable to break him of the habit. Even repeatedly taking his cock inside her had not caused him to cease.

She shuddered pleasurably at the thought, trying to force it from her mind. She was starting to realise now that doing so was largely futile. If she managed to avoid jumping Luke she would only delay the inevitable and end up attempting to bed someone else instead. Still, she had to prepare.

"I must leave on an important quest, Luke, and I must do so immediately. Could you please prepare my pack and tell Martin to ready Snowglide for riding?" Martin was her stablehand and Snowglide was her favoured steed.

"Certainly, Dame Knight," Luke bowed, then darted down the stairs. She watched him go.

Moving quickly to her bedroom, Sara struggled not to think about Luke. He had been Jeffrey's servant originally but Sara encountered him one afternoon when visiting her friend and lover. She had been intensely horny and when it transpired that Jeffrey was not there she had shared herself with Luke instead. She'd grown very fond of him in the time since.

It was Jeffrey who had suggested she take Luke onto her own staff and when they approached Luke with the idea he had been more than willing. Of course Jeffrey had employed one of Sara's servants in return and Sara often wondered how Marie, a beautiful and buxom young brunette, was getting on at Jeffrey's house.

Images flashed through her mind. Of herself and Luke having passionate sex, and of Jeffrey and Marie doing the same. Shaking her head to try and clear it of those salacious thoughts Sara opened her armoury and removed her shining mithril armour. Laying it out on the bed she quickly checked it for dents and scratches even though she knew there would be none. The Axe of the Mists was displayed downstairs and she would gather it as she left the house.

Deciding that the armour was fine she swept her blonde hair off her shoulder and reached for the knots to her tight dress. Her big tits spilled free as she loosened the gown and she slid it from her shoulders and began to shimmy it down her waist.

A knock on the door at that moment caused her to smile.

"Yes?" she called out.

"I have prepared your pack, Dame Knight," Luke said from the other side of the door. "Do you need me to do anything else?"

Sara grinned wickedly to herself. "Yes, Luke. Please come in."

He opened the door and stepped inwards, his eyes opening wide in surprise at the sight of Sara with her gown bunched around her waist.

"I can come back later, Dame Knight, if you'd rather I-" he started, before she cut him off.

"Nonsense, Luke. You have seen me like this plenty of times. In fact, as I recall, only last night you were playing with my tits whilst you fucked me from behind."

A throb in her magic cunt caused Sara to moan slightly at the memory. Luke too seemed to have taken on a different air as he realised Dame Sara's intentions. "That is true, Dame Knight."

"Then shut the door and help me relieve my tension, Luke," she grinned. "I want to be entirely relaxed before I head off on such a long journey."

He did so hurriedly, then stepped towards her and Dame Sara wrapped her arms around his back and kissed him passionately. Luke responded the same way and she felt his strong hands pressing into her back. Slowly they slid round her sides until he was grasping her big tits.

Her own hands were moving too and soon she had pulled his shirt from his body, revealing his toned chest. Luke may have been a servant not a warrior but his body was still lovely and she always enjoyed the sight when it was pumping away on top of her.

To that end she shoved her fingers beneath his waistband, hurriedly pushing his pants to the floor. Soon he was naked and she grinned at the sight of his cock hardening rapidly. Luke's blue eyes flashed as she sank to her knees.

"Oh fuck, Dame Knight," he groaned as she took his length between her lips. She enjoyed his taste and the way he moaned as she gave him head and she sucked down harder before kissing along the sides of his cock. He reached out to place a hand on her head and Sara moaned at the feeling.

Withdrawing her lips she instead pumped her hand on his shaft, staring up at Luke with a wicked smirk at the pleasure that clouded his eyes. She leaned forwards again to once more suck him into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the tip before taking more of him between her lips. It was a good few minutes before she pulled her head away.

"I really ought to get going soon," she said somewhat sadly, standing. "Otherwise I would do that for hours."

"I think you would get too horny to keep it up, Dame Knight," he grinned. "You would demand I get inside you before too long."

Sara raised an eyebrow. "Would I now?"

Luke chuckled and nodded.

"Then it won't surprise you to know that's exactly what I want right now," she whispered, kissing him again.

This time it was his turn to undress her and he eagerly pushed the elegant gown to the floor. Sara stepped free of it, enjoying her nakedness and pulling Luke onto the bed that rested behind her.

She slumped back onto it and quickly climbed further up until she was fully resting on the soft sheets. Luke moved with her until he was perched above her and Dame Sara wrapped her arms around his neck to kiss him deeply.

As she did so he reached down between her legs, placing his palm against her cunt and beginning to rub softly. She cried out at the feeling and stared up at him hungrily.

"I need your cock, Luke. Don't make me wait," she said almost pleadingly, and her servant complied willingly, grasping his member and gently starting to push inwards.

"Oh fuck," he groaned as her cunt swallowed up his length, and she felt him stretching her sensitive pussy wide with his impressive cock. It felt so good as he impaled her, every inch sending of another spark of delicious pleasure as he slowly but surely filled her up.

Soon he was buried entirely inside her and Dame Sara moaned as he moved his hips. He was fairly gentle to begin with but soon his pace picked up. His strong arms were taut as he held himself above her and she stared happily into his blue eyes as his cock moved in and out of her magic cunt.

The heat that had radiated from her pussy earlier now seemed to fill her whole body and she moaned and writhed at the wonderful feelings that his cock gave her. His eyes were growing glazed too and she knew that he in turn was enjoying the feel of her.

Reaching up to grasp his brown hair, Dame Sara pulled Luke down for a kiss. His hard chest pressed against her big tits and she moaned at the feeling even as his hips sped up. He was thumping his cock into her now with great speed and she moaned loudly at each collision. She could feel her magic cunt narrowing on his cock and knew she was not far away. From his grunts she could tell Luke was near, too.

"I'm going to come, Dame Knight," he groaned, breaking the kiss. His blue eyes reflected his desperate anticipation.

"Me too, Luke. Me too. Fill me with your hot seed!" she moaned, then her mind clouded and she shrieked out as she came. She felt Luke's cock twitch as he joined her in orgasm and for a moment they both lay there twitching in the strength of such huge climaxes.

Eventually it passed and with a sigh Luke rolled to one side. Sara climbed from the bed, looking back at the attractive man with a glint in her eyes. He grinned at her and sat upright to watch Sara dress into her armour. As she reached for the knots to her chestplate he stood up to help her into it.

Soon she was fully-armoured and she gave Luke a quick kiss before leaving the bedroom. He would take a few minutes to dress and she needed to be gone. Taking the Axe of the Mists from its stand where it was proudly displayed on the wall, she strode outside to find her horse ready to depart.

Sara climbed gracefully onto Snowglide's back and gathered her reins before quickly moving off. She had a noble daughter to find.