 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, led her mare along the main road northwards. It was fairly busy, although she had seen it busier. The trading season was coming to a close as it would soon grow too cold in the northern reaches where Eriport lay for much travel.

Towns and villages passed her by as she travelled. She knew that Snowglide could make the journey in two days, especially as she had left early in the morning, but she still had no time to lose. The woman she was looking for might be in serious trouble and she could not afford to be slow.

As the day stretched into afternoon the air grew cooler and soon she had come across a crossroads. A major road running from east to west met the northwards road here and a large town had sprung up at the junction. That wasn't unusual - many towns grew from trade routes just such as this one.

It was then that Sara spotted the carriage turning onto the road she was travelling on up ahead. It had come from the east but was now heading in the same direction as her, and it was not travelling slowly. One figure on horseback seemed to accompany it.

Slowly, Snowglide caught up with the carriage until she was no more than a hundred feet behind. It was then that the rider spotted her and motioned to the driver of the carriage. It slowed down and Sara quickly caught up.

"Lo there," said the rider, and Sara couldn't resist but look him up and down.

He was a very attractive man, and her loins instantly throbbed at the sight of him. It had been hours since Luke had stuffed her full of his cock and she already ached for release again.

The rider was muscular and well-set, and she could tell from the way he was sitting that he possessed a strong and toned body. His brown eyes and brown hair both complemented his strikingly attractive face and even on horseback she could tell he was tall, probably about 6'4" by her reckoning. He appeared to be in his late-twenties.

She shook her head then to clear the lustful fog that had descended, and responded. "Good afternoon, sir. I am Dara Sara Illou, Knight of the Land. I am travelling northwards."

"Greetings, Dame Sara Illou. I am honoured to meet a knight on these roads. I am Dayron, and I am the escort for Mr and Mrs Hatthe, traders of exotic goods," the rider responded, gesturing to two figures who smiled at Sara from the carriage.

Dayron guided his horse out of the way so that Sara could approach the carriage. She bowed and they bowed back.

"Dame Knight," the man said when the formalities were out of the way. "We are heading northwards to Eriport. Does your destination lie on that path?"

Sara nodded. "It does indeed, good sir. I am also heading to Eriport. Perhaps we can accompany one another on the journey? It is always better to travel in numbers."

They heartily agreed and soon they were underway once more. Mr and Mrs Hatthe kept to themselves mostly, Sara realised, although they did not do so in an unpleasant way. Sara did not mind - the noise of the carriage was difficult to talk over anyway.

As it was, she was not unhappy at proceedings. Herself and Dayron rode together slightly apart from the carriage. They were close enough to intercede if anything untoward happened but far enough away that they could hear one another talk.

Dayron seemed fascinated by her status as a knight and she proudly explained how she had attained the rank when he asked. His eyes widened when she showed him the Axe of the Mists at her waist.

At last she had finished her tale and she smiled at him. "But tell me, Dayron, what brings you here? I have talked only of myself."

"That is because your story is far more interesting than mine, Sara," the mercenary laughed back. "I am just a simple caravan guard. In my youth I realised that I possessed a talent for the martial arts, and I resolved to hone that talent in the protection of people. Yet I also wanted to travel, to see the world, so I combined the two and took it upon myself to become a caravan guard. That is the role you see me in now, although not for much longer. I long to return to the city of my youth."

"And where was your youth spent?" Sara asked.

Dayron laughed. "In Eriport, actually. This shall be my last journey as a caravan guard. I intend to apply for the city watch. I still wish to earn a living by protecting people, but I no longer have the itch to travel. A decade on the roads is enough for me." Sara was pleased to note that her guess that Dayron was in his late-twenties was accurate.

Dayron continued. "I was lucky to encounter Mr and Mrs Hatthe as I prepared myself for the journey home. They needed a guard and I was heading in that direction anyway, so it made sense to take up the job. I would be travelling this road regardless."

"You do yourself a disservice when you say that your story is not interesting," Sara said pleasantly.

Dayron laughed. "Perhaps."

Soon they came across a small village. Outside of the inn, the carriage slowed and Mrs Hatthe climbed down and went inside. When the carriage pulled into the inn's rear courtyard, Sara guessed that they were stopping for the night.

"Are we stopping here?" Sara asked Mr Hatthe as she and Dayron reined their horses to a halt by its side.

"We are indeed," the merchant said with a smile. "There are no settlements for a stretch after this village and it is very nearly dark, so we will stay here and resume our journey in the morning."

"Very well, Mr Hatthe," Dayron said. "I will set up guard."

Mr Hatthe smiled, waving his hand at Dayron in a dismissive gesture. "No, no, Dayron. We have stayed at this inn many times before. Our goods will be safe here. Besides, my wife and I shall sleep in our beds in the caravan tonight, and can keep an eye on our own wares. No, you will find that the innkeeper has a room reserved for you. My wife is taking care of that."

Dayron looked slightly surprised, then bowed deeply. "Thank you, Mr Hatthe. I am flattered by your kindness."

"Oh, don't thank him, it was my idea," laughed a voice to their right, and Sara turned to see Mrs Hatthe leaving the inn with a tray of food that was evidently her and her husband's dinner. "You deserve a rest, Dayron. You have been working tirelessly since we left the city. Now, go and get a bite to eat."

Then the merchant paused, a small smile playing across her face. "Though it occurs to me that I have only booked the one room. Unfortunately, Dame Sara will have to make her own arrangements. Although perhaps from the way you two have been looking at one another, booking only one room was the right choice, hmm?"

"I, um..." Dayron responded, although his face had gone red at the undertone in her suggestion. Sara could only giggle at his embarrassment. She had to admit, a night of fun with Dayron seemed very appealing indeed. The throb in her magic cunt told her that it agreed wholeheartedly.

Sara decided to rescue Dayron from the teasing of his employers. "Come, Dayron, let us head inside and find some food."

He coughed, recovering his composure. "Yes, yes, of course."

Then he thanked Mr and Mrs Hatthe a final time and strode through the rear door of the inn. As Sara moved to follow, Mrs Hatthe caught her arm.

"I wasn't joking about the two of you sharing a room, honourable dame knight. The poor boy could use a good ride," the merchant winked. "He's been without female company for the whole trip. Only if you're willing, of course, but from the way you two were flirting on the journey, I don't think that's an issue. Just don't wear him out too much, my dear. He'll need to be back on guard duty in the morning."

She giggled to herself as she strolled back to the caravan. Sara watched her go with a broad grin. Truly a woman after her own heart. Then she followed Dayron into the inn.

The common room was not particularly busy. She scanned the tables and saw Dayron sitting in front of what seemed a pile of food. Clearly the Hatthes had arranged dinner for them too. Sara was very grateful for that, given the way her stomach was rumbling. Being hungry and horny wasn't a particularly nice feeling, and soon Sara was digging into the food with gusto. She and Dayron barely spoke as they ate and Sara wondered if the man was embarrassed by Mrs Hatthe's exchange outside or if he were simply too busy eating.

Soon enough they had finished. Sara's stomach was sated and she was pleased to note that she no longer felt hungry. That just further highlighted how horny she was however and Sara knew that she needed to do something about the throbbing in her magic cunt soon. If Dayron would not supply her with his cock then she would have to find someone else, and she really would prefer it to be Dayron. The mental image of his eyes rolling back as she rode him to orgasm flared through her mind at the thought and Sara realised that she could take no more.

"Come, Dayron, let us see the room," she said, standing.

He opened his eyes in surprise. "You are not renting your own?"

"You would expect your companion to rent their own room, Dayron? Where is your honour?" she teased.

Dayron nodded. "Of course, dame knight. You may take my room. I shall book another."

"What are you raving about?" Sara sighed, rolling her eyes. "We will share the room, Dayron. I would like us to share the bed, too, so that we may also share our bodies, but if you are insistent that we cannot fuck then at least the room will have two beds and we can still save some gold."

Dayron looked stunned. "I... um..." he said.

"Does a night with me appeal to you, Dayron?"

He nodded. "Of course, Sara. I just... didn't think you'd be interested."

"Well, I am. Very much so. Mrs Hatthe didn't misread my intentions, and I don't think she misread yours either. So take me to your room, and let me ride your cock."

He stood in a flash, grasping her hand and leading her upstairs quickly. It did not take long for them to be behind the locked door of their tavern room and it took even less time after that for their tongues to be duelling as they kissed passionately. Clearly any embarrassment Dayron had felt at her teasing had quickly given way to lust.

Her fingers had soon removed his light armour and it did not take much encouragement to have him remove what was left. As he did so Sara took a moment to ogle his glorious naked body. He was as toned and muscular as she had hoped, and his cock stood to attention proud and hard. Her magic cunt yearned to feel it inside of her.

Then she reached for own armour and pulled it over her head, smiling at the groan of delight that left Dayron's lips when her big tits spilled free. His hands were on them almost immediately and she let him squeeze and knead the globes as she peeled off her pants, leaving her just as naked as he was.

Then she dropped to her knees, angling her chest to encourage him to keep his hands on her breasts. She enjoyed the feeling of his fingers sinking into her chest and did not want him to stop but at the same time she really wanted to taste his cock. As his member slipped between her lips she started to suck him with passion.

His face was a picture of pleasure as she stroked his member, making sure to kiss and lick every exposed inch of his flesh. He squeezed and played with her big tits even as she gave him what she knew was an expert blowjob but soon her magic cunt demanded more. Pulling her head free from his cock, she stood up and kissed him. As his tongue pushed into her mouth, she placed her hands on his chest and pushed him flat onto the nearest of the two beds in the room. Then she climbed on after him.

Dayron did not complain as she climbed up his body until she was positioned above him and when she grabbed his cock and lined it up with her cunt he groaned. He groaned even louder when she sank down onto him and her own eyes rolled back as she felt herself stuffed full of his rigid length.

Sara started to move her hips almost immediately and it did not take her long to be bouncing on Dayron's cock. He felt so good inside of her and her magic cunt delighted in the feel of his member sliding in and out of her tunnel. Then he reached up to grasp her swinging tits and she moaned at the feeling of his hands on her chest and his cock inside her pussy.

She rode him for what seemed like hours, enjoying every second as he stretched her full. His brown eyes shimmered with lust as she rode him and eventually she could tell from the way his jaw was starting to set that he was heading towards release.

Sara could feel her own release nearing as her pussy tensed on his probing cock and she leant down to whisper in his ear that she was going to come. That seemed to drive him on because moments later the mercenary was thrusting upwards into her cunt. That was all Sara needed.

"I'm coming!" she shouted as her magic cunt clamped down on his invasive member, spasming along its length. Then she felt his cock jerk and knew that he had joined her in orgasm, his eyes rolling back as his seed sprayed powerfully into her pussy. She knew he was coming hard.

Their twin climaxes lasted a while but in the end it slowly faded. When it had done so she slid her body forwards slightly so that his cock sprang free then kissed him.

"I'm glad you let me stay in your room," she murmured with a smirk as she settled down next to Dayron.

He laughed. "So am I."

She was soon asleep.