 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, woke as the first rays of dawn shone through the tavern room window. Yet it was not the light that had woken her. No, it was the sexy brown-haired mercenary smiling naughtily up at her from between her legs.

Sara moaned as Dayron's lips and tongue swept over her pussy, quickly bringing her fully awake.

"I could get used to waking up like this," she giggled, the sound washed away by another moan.

Dayron murmured something in response, but Sara couldn't understand him since his face was buried in the folds of her magic cunt. He hungrily ate her pussy, smearing his tongue and lips over her folds. Sara could already feel her pleasure quickly building at his expert work, and her eyes grew wide with bliss as the brown-haired warrior slipped two fingers inside her cunt. His tongue found her clit, swirling round the bud and she reached out to grab his hair.

She stared down at him desperately as her orgasm grew closer and Dayron merely stared back up at her, his brown eyes shining with lust. Clearly he was enjoying himself, though Sara suspected she was enjoying herself even more. She rubbed her hips back against his face, grinding her clit against his tongue whilst his fingers pumped into her pussy. It did not take long for her to come, her juices seeping out around Dayron's eager mouth. Her eyes rolled back and she whimpered in pleasure as her body twitched in the throes of a powerful orgasm.

When it was done she leaned forwards, pulling him up for a deep kiss. Suddenly, he grabbed her shoulders and twisted her round so that she was on all fours. She yelped in surprise, though the sound quickly became a moan when she realised what was coming next. She didn't mind her lovers being a bit forceful with her when they were lost in the heat of passion.

Especially when those lovers slid their big cocks into her cunt and moments later Dayron was doing exactly that. Sara delighted in the feeling of his hard member stretching wide her sensitive walls and she grinned at the sound of the warrior voicing his own pleasure.

"Oh fuck, Sara, you feel amazing..." he murmured, letting himself rest there a moment to simply enjoy the feeling of being inside her.

Then he started to move his hips and Sara felt her eyes roll back at the sensation of him fucking her from behind. Soon he was fucking her with vigour and her entire body rocked with every impact of his hips. She pushed herself upwards onto straight arms so that her big tits swung beneath her and she could only moan as her brown-haired lover leaned forwards to grasp them in his strong hands. His fingers found her nipples and deftly played with them whilst his cock ploughed into her.

She felt her torso slump slightly as pleasure started to overwhelm her and she could not keep her voice down. Not that she cared whether people heard her. She was far too close to coming for that.

"I'm going to come," she almost shouted and she heard Dayron groan the same thing. His hips were crashing against hers now, his big cock filling her up wonderfully with each inward thrust as he fucked her powerfully from behind.

Her hands gripped the bedsheets tightly. Dayron still held her large breasts, his fingers sinking into the flesh as his member stuffed her full. The moment grew ever closer for Sara as her lover hammered his hips against her ass. Seconds later, she came.

Rapture filled her mind at the huge orgasm that ripped through her and she felt Dayron' cock twitch as his own release arrived. He cried out at the intense pleasure of what she knew was a massive climax and she swore she could feel his seed spraying against her walls.

Their orgasms lasted a good while as both came hard but at last they slowly faded. Dayron withdrew from Sara with a satisfied sigh, and Sara giggled at the sound.

"I hope that was worth delaying breakfast for," she smiled naughtily.

Dayron laughed. "Very much so," he replied with a grin.

They climbed from the bed and dressed and before long both were in the tavern common room having a small but pleasant breakfast. Mrs Hatthe had wandered in as they were eating and said that she and her husband wanted to be on the road within the hour but they were not to rush their meal. Sara liked the woman - she had a good heart.

Soon enough, however, Sara found herself back atop Snowglide and riding alongside the carriage that Dayron was escorting. As had been the case yesterday she and Dayron rode slightly away from the carriage so that they could hear each other talk over the noise of the horses' hooves and clacking wheels.

She quizzed him about Eriport now that she knew he was from the city-state. Dayron seemed happy to talk about the city of his youth, especially as he was clearly looking forward to returning there. Sara had only the common knowledge that she had picked up from libraries and visitors, so any new information she could glean was especially useful.

They travelled all of the morning, stopping briefly to allow the horses to rest, although Sara knew that Snowglide did not need the break. The other horses were not quite as superior as her mare, however, and did require a moment's respite, but Sara did not mind too much. Although she would rather have kept going and made better progress, the company and safety of numbers more than outweighed that.

When the sun was at its highest point in the early afternoon they were on their way again but Sara noticed with dismay that Snowglide was limping slightly. It did not seem to her that the horse was injured but more that she was uncomfortable.

"I fear that your mare needs to be reshod," Dayron said when he noticed.

Sara nodded. "I think you are right." She sighed, patting Snowglide's neck. "I see a town in the distance, I hope they have a farrier."

"I do not know why they wouldn't. Your mare will be fine."

Sara scanned the assorted shops as they rode into the small town, and sighed with relief when she saw the sign of a horseshoe hanging outside a forge.

"There," she said, preparing to guide Snowglide towards it.

"Would you like us to wait?" Dayron said, preparing to ride alongside Mr and Mrs Hatthe.

Sara shook her head. "There is no need. We cannot be far from Eriport by now." She grinned at her companion. "Thank you for your company. I'm sure I'll see you again in the city."

Dayron nodded, bowing from horseback. "Seek me out in Eriport. Until then, dame knight."

"Until then."

Dayron rode alongside Mr and Mrs Hatthe, clearly explaining the situation. The carriage slowed, but did not stop, and Sara was grateful that she was not holding them up.

She dismounted from Snowglide when the mare reached the building. A man looked up from the forge, turning to her, and Sara's breath caught.

He was gorgeous.

He was tall, probably 6'2", and exceptionally broad and muscular. It was clear he spent the day working with metal just from the set of his gait and his build. Fiery red hair was sweat-matted on his head and blue eyes regarded her with interest. She was sure those eyes flickered up and down her body, and her magic cunt throbbed with delight in response.

"How can I help you, dame knight?" he said.

"My mare needs a shoe, I believe, and your sign says you are a farrier."

"I am indeed, dame knight," he said with a bow. "I am honoured to be of service."

Sara extended her hand. "You must call me Sara."

"Very well, Sara. I am Tobias. Let me take a look at your horse."

The man stepped past her to inspect Snowglide's broken horseshoe. He tutted and nodded to himself every so often until at last he stood back up.

"I am afraid she needs a new shoe," he said solemnly. "That will take me a few hours. I am sorry for that."

Sara smiled. "Do not apologise. A few hours is better than I had hoped. You must be skilled indeed."

"Well, I would not want to boast, dame knight."

"Sara," Sara corrected.

Tobias laughed. "Of course, Sara. I'm sorry, I am not used to dealing with knights around these parts. I do not know how to act."

"The same way you would around anyone asking for your help as a farrier."

Tobias seemed to like that answer. He smiled broadly, then clapped his hands together. Sara noticed the bulge of his biceps as he did so and moaned under her breath. The long journey had made her horny, and Tobias was a handsome man indeed. She could not help but imagine those strong hands holding her hips whilst his cock stretched wide her pussy...

She realised that Tobias had gone back inside his shop, and she moved to follow. She had been too caught up in lustful thoughts to notice that he had gone and she quickly entered after him. Her magic cunt was aflame now and she knew she would get no respite until she sated it.

Tobias was preparing his tools to forge Snowglide a new shoe and Sara could only stare at him with desire. She was sure it showed on her face.

At last he noticed that she was staring at him and he turned to her with a smile.

"I will be a few hours, Sara. I do not know if you wish to explore the town, but you are welcome to stay here whilst I work."

"How much do your services cost?"

"There will be no charge for you, dame knight. You are a Knight of the Land, and the least I can do is aid your mare without recompense," Tobias said firmly.

Sara shook her head. "No, I cannot take advantage of your good nature like that. I must pay you back somehow."

"If you were not in a hurry, I would suggest that you could buy me a drink, Sara," Tobias grinned. "But as you are, there is nothing you can do."

Sara smirked. "Buy you a drink? I am glad to see you have taken my earlier advice to heart." There was a distinct undertone to the conversation now and her magic cunt had picked up on it. It was desperate to be filled with Tobias' hard cock.

She stepped towards him. "I may be a knight, but I am also a woman, after all. And I have a woman's needs."

Sara noticed a smile growing on the red-haired farrier's face as she sauntered closer. She reached up, undoing the knots that held her armour in place, letting it slide to the floor as she walked. Then her hands were hooking beneath her shirt, pulling it over her head so that her breasts spilled free. She wore only her pants now. Tobias gasped in awe as she undressed before him.

Soon she had reached him. She placed a hand on his chest and smiled at him naughtily. "And if you will not let me pay you for your work, Tobias, then I'll have to think of another way to reward you."

She sank to her knees with a naughty smile and slid her hands under the waistband of Tobias' pants. He merely looked down at her with lust as she hooked them over his throbbing cock then pulled them down his legs. His member stood proud and rigid and she licked her lips at the thought of tasting it.

Then she leaned forwards and sucked its head between her lips, letting her tongue swirl around his tip. Tobias groaned and reached out to gently grasp a handful of her blonde hair and she giggled onto his shaft. He groaned again. They stayed that way for a few minutes as Sara made sure to properly give attention to every inch of her lover's thick cock. Soon it was slick with her saliva and she was bobbing her head furiously on his shaft whilst her fist pumped the areas her lips could not reach.

The farrier was clearly enjoying himself but Sara's cunt grew more and more desperate to feel him inside her with every passing second. She decided that she had waited long enough, and so she stood, crushing herself against Tobias and kissing him deeply.

His hands moved immediately, pushing her pants down her legs. Sara stepped out of them, leaving her totally nude, then grabbed his saliva-wet cock and tugged him backwards until she felt her ass bump against the worktable. Reaching behind her, she swept his tools aside to clear a space and then pushed herself onto it so that she was sitting on it.

Tobias clearly knew what it was she wanted, and he grabbed her legs and tugged her towards him until she was perched at the edge of the table. Then he pushed her legs apart and grabbed his cock. Sara could only moan as he thrust inwards. His member felt so good stretching wide her sensitive cunt.

He was still wearing his shirt and Sara did not want that. She reached out and grabbed the garment, tugging it. Tobias got the hint and frantically pulled it over his head. Sara moaned at the sight of his thick chest and then moaned again when he started to thrust.

It did not take long for her pleasure to be building. Tobias thumped his hips against hers, his cock filling up her pussy with each inward thrust. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. Their tongues duelled and she threaded her fingers through his wavy red hair.

Then he broke the kiss. "I'm going to come," he grunted, and Sara nodded at him desperately to show the same was true of her. The worktop rocked with Tobias' eager thrusts and she felt her magic cunt narrowing on his member.

The moment arrived seconds later, and Sara howled out her pleasure as she came, her pussy seizing hold of Tobias cock. His eyes rolled back at the same time and she felt his member twitch as he came too. The knowledge that his seed was spraying into her womb drove her orgasm on harder and Sara thrashed in the throes of such a powerful climax.

When at last they were done Tobias let his cock slip from her pussy, puffing out his cheeks with mock-exhaustion.

"You know how to drain a man," he said with a small smile, and Sara laughed in response.

"Well I hope you've got enough energy left to mend Snowglide's shoe."

Her lover grinned. "For such a beautiful Knight of the Land, I do."

Sara watched him as he dressed, collected his tools and headed outside.

Now she just had to wait.