 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, puffed out her cheeks when she caught sight of the walls of Eriport in the distance. They looked almost as grand as the walls in the capital city of her queendom, though on reflection she realised that that should not surprise her too much. Eriport was a wealthy and powerful city. That was why it had been able to stay independent for so long when surrounded by much larger countries. Even so she was impressed by its grandeur and that feeling did not abate as she drew closer.

Snowglide was walking easily now with her new horseshoe, expertly fitted by Tobias earlier that day. But Sara had lost valuable time waiting for the farrier to finish his work and afternoon was stretching into evening now. She hurried her mount along as quickly as she knew the mare could handle and soon the walls were looming large in front of her.

The guards at the gate stopped her briefly but when they realised that she was a Knight of the Land they stepped aside politely. Although technically her rank held no power in the city as it was not a part of the queendom, the two states had been allies for so long that all Knights of the Land tended to be treated with great respect by the people of Eriport nonetheless.

Soon she found herself within the city walls and allowed herself to take in the sight for a moment. It was truly a magnificent settlement, with great stone buildings and wide cobbled streets. People scurried left and right and she watched them with interest a moment before finally realising that she was probably blocking part of the main street. She moved on, wondering where she should go to start looking for the noble daughter she was searching for. She only knew that the woman's name was Chloe, and that she had red hair and blue eyes.

The first thing to catch her eye, however, was an inn near the front gate. It looked reasonable enough and Sara moved Snowglide towards it. Whilst she did not want to waste her gold staying somewhere too expensive, at the same time she desired somewhere that was still relatively comfortable if she were to be here for a while. She had no idea how long her stay in Eriport would be. She would not leave until she found Chloe, or at least news on her whereabouts.

When she reached the tavern a stableboy ran out to take Snowglide's reins and Sara gave him a silver coin, as she was very generous. He thanked her and took her mare around to the rear of the tavern whilst Sara went inside. The place was fairly crowded and it took her a moment to attract the innkeeper's attention, but when the woman came over to her she was very polite. Sara rented a room for the night and secured a promise from the innkeeper that it would remain hers for as long as she could pay three gold coins every evening. Sara grumbled to herself about how expensive that was but she did not think she would find a better deal elsewhere. Eriport was a city, after all, and taverns in cities tended to be very pricey.

After she had paid the innkeeper she took her packs and set them down in her rented room, before locking the door and heading back downstairs. Whilst it was only early evening she had not eaten properly all day and so resolved to have some food before heading back out into the city. After a brief dinner she was done and she left the tavern to make her first enquiries about the fate of Chloe the noble daughter.

Sara paused once she was on the street, not really knowing where she should go. She was also unsure whether to fetch Snowglide. The mare would be useful for getting around the city, but she also deserved a break after two days of hard riding and so Sara decided that she would let her horse rest for the night. She was quite capable of walking even in her armour.

Indeed, she almost enjoyed the looks that she drew. Some were of wonder and awe from the locals who did not see many Knights of the Land. The other looks were of a different nature and Sara suspected it had to do more with the fact that she was a beautiful woman and her armour, whilst very practical, still did not manage to completely hide her lovely body. She enjoyed those looks even more, unsurprisingly, and her magic cunt flared into life as she let her eyes wander in return. Most were from men, but a few were directed her way from other women, and Sara did not mind in the least.

For you see, Sara rather enjoyed the company of women. Whilst her appetites leant far more often towards a nice hard cock stuffing her pussy, there were occasions when she yearned to taste another woman's cunt and feel a feminine form pressed up against her. She did not get the urge often but always enjoyed it when she did, such as the time she had shared Sir Jeffrey with the wonderful heir to the throne Princess Isabel.

She walked through the city with her thoughts alternating between memories and fantasies of sex and more immediate concerns with how she was going to find out about the noble daughter she was searching for. It was when her mind wandered to Dayron and the previous night's exertions with him that she thought of the city guard, since he had said he wanted to join up with them. She figured that if Chloe had got into trouble regarding her family's ancestral sword, she might have made that known to the city guard whilst here. At the very least they might be able to offer her some directions and advice as to where to start looking.

It did not take her long to find a member of the city guard once she had decided to. It was a young man, barely out of his teens who greeted her when she approached. He seemed slightly flustered to be dealing with a knight despite the fact that her rank held no real power here.

Soon he was leading her to their headquarters in the city and after a brief walk she was shown through into the barracks.

"You'll find our captain up there," the man said, bowing. He gestured up a set of stairs.

Sara thanked him and climbed the stairs. Although this was clearly the barracks of the city guard and thus off-limits to citizens, no one seemed to mind about her being here. She knew she was not the first knight to have visited Eriport so it would not have surprised her if there was an understanding to allow Knights of the Land to enter and leave the barracks like a guard in the watch.

When she reached the door, she knocked. She waited until a voice inside called and stepped inside. A woman was sitting behind a large desk with a pile of parchment in front of her, furiously scribbling with a feathered quill. She looked up at Sara as she entered and her eyes went wide.

When she stood up, clearly slightly flustered, Sara's eyes went wide too. The woman was utterly gorgeous.

The woman moved round the desk, bowing quickly. "Forgive me, Dame Knight, I did not know that I would have such esteemed visitors. I am Naomi, and captain of the city watch." She reached Sara and thrust out a hand.

Sara took Naomi's hand and shook it, not able to stop her eyes wandering over the captain as she did so. She stood about 5'8" tall, slightly shorter than Sara herself although not by much, and her straight brown hair was worn in a tight braided ponytail. She looked a good six or seven years older than Sara, and thus likely in her early-thirties, and utterly beautiful for it. Her hazel eyes regarded Sara with warmth and perhaps a little of something else. Her body was slender and luscious, its curves covered but not hidden by her tight-fitting leather armour marked with the symbol of Eriport that stretched over the swell of her large breasts.

After what Sara realised must have been a couple of seconds, she finally replied. "Do not trouble yourself with my visit, Captain. My position as a knight holds no power here, after all." She smiled.

"It may not hold any official power, but as a long-standing ally of your queendom, Eriport respects Knights of the Land. What brings you to my city?" Naomi said, waving Sara further into the room. She went to fetch a pitcher of wine, filling two goblets. Sara could only watch her move, her magic cunt flaring into life in the company of such a beautiful woman. And had she seen something similar in Naomi's hazel eyes?

"I am looking for a noblewoman from my lands. Her parents believe that she is somewhere here in the city, but as she has not returned home nor contacted them since she arrived they are worried for her safety."

Naomi's shoulders slumped slightly, and she sighed. Then she turned back to Sara with a wry grin, offering her a goblet of wine. "That girl has been nothing but trouble since she arrived. I presume you are looking for a woman named Chloe, yes?"

Sara took the offered drink and raised an eyebrow. "Yes, I am. What trouble has she caused?"

"Oh, nothing unreasonable. I mean hassle more than anything," Naomi laughed. "She arrived here just under a month ago, though she did not make herself known until a fortnight ago. I suspect she was enjoying her newfound freedom in a foreign land before that." Naomi's eyes twinkled. "She brought with her a very expensive, very beautiful family sword. It was stolen."

Sara's eyes went wide. "Stolen?" That would certainly explain why she hadn't contacted her parents. She was too embarrassed. "Can it be found?"

Naomi shrugged. "We have been looking, of course, but I'm afraid I must admit that it is low on our priorities when trying to keep the peace in a city. I suspect it has ended up in the warehouse district, kept under guard by one of the thieves guilds in the area. I'd love to get her sword back, especially since it would no doubt bring with it a haul of criminals and stolen property, but I have no idea where it is and I cannot spare the manpower to search for one item. Please do not take insult at this though, Dame Knight."

"Don't worry, I fully understand," Sara said. "You have more pressing concerns. I, however, do not. Would you be averse to me making some enquiries in your city?"

"Of course not, Dame Knight. You are welcome to do so, and if you require my men for anything do not hesitate to ask." Naomi's eyes scanned up and down Sara's body and she smirked. "I have no doubt they will jump at the chance to help you."

Sara was unsure whether there was an undercurrent to Naomi's words or whether it was just her magic cunt making her imagine things. She took another swig of wine to try and distract herself.

"Please, call me Sara."

"Very well, Sara. And you must call me Naomi. I am a fan of informality. Are you?"

Another moment of silence as Sara took a swig of wine from her goblet. She was not sure if Naomi was deliberately flirting with her, and she could not afford to make a fool of herself by mistaking the guard captain's intentions. It was very possible that Naomi was quite unaware that she was getting Sara so worked up, and had no ulterior motive at all. Sara tried to change the subject before her horniness got the better of her. "Do you know who it was that stole the sword?"

Naomi stifled a laugh in her goblet. "A handsome suitor, I believe. Your noblewoman had been enjoying herself with the young men of Eriport, and one of them took a shine to the sword. She woke up to find it missing and him gone." Then Naomi's smile changed, becoming more naughty as a glint entered her hazel eyes. "Then again, I can hardly blame her. There is something very exciting about sampling the delights of foreign men."

Sara did not get the chance to think about her response. Instead, her magic cunt spoke for her, answering before she could realise what it was that she was saying.

"And what of foreign women?"

Naomi's grin broadened and she lowered her goblet, her voice growing sultry. "If I did not know better, Dame Sara, I would think that you were flirting with me."

Sara didn't answer. Instead she simply stepped closer to the brunette and started to kiss her. Naomi seemed surprised a moment before starting to kiss back and soon it had grown passionate. Sara's magic cunt flared at the thought of spending some time with another woman and she let her hands rove over Naomi's body through her leather armour.

Eventually their kiss broke and Naomi gazed back at Sara with obvious desire. Then she reached for her chestpiece and tugged it over her head. Sara's breath caught at the sight of her perfect big tits coming free of the tight armour and she could not help but grasp the globes. There was nothing quite like a lovely pair of breasts filling the hands.

Naomi seemed keen to achieve the same thing and she hurriedly stripped Sara of her armour. Soon Sara was completely naked and with a quick loosening of Naomi's leather pants, the brunette joined her in her nudity.

They kissed again and Sara enjoyed the feel of Naomi's soft body pressed against her. She let her fingers wander over the guard captain's feminine form until at last they came to the wetness between her thighs. She pressed her palm flat against Naomi's cunt and enjoyed the woman's moan.

Naomi seemed to take that as a challenge and soon had her own hand playing deftly with Sara's pussy. Sara enjoyed her touch and her magic cunt yearned for more. Realising that she had best give in to its demands, she quickly pulled Naomi to the floor and rolled her onto her back. Then she positioned herself between the brunette's legs. Seconds later, she had buried her face in the her lover's pussy.

The guard captain cried out as Sara's tongue found her folds, immediately beginning to work on her dripping cunt. Sara reached up at the same time to fondle her lover's sensitive big tits, squeezing the globes as her lips and tongue pleasured the woman's pussy. Soon Naomi was rubbing her hips against Sara's face until at last she came hard, her juices leaking out around Sara's probing tongue.

When the brunette finally climbed down from her orgasm she sat upright, pulling Sara in for another kiss. Then she rolled over so that Sara was on her back with the guard above her. Naomi grinned wickedly as she kissed down Sara's body, before pushing Sara's legs apart and leaning forwards.

Sara cried out as the woman's lips found the ones between her legs, immediately causing intense pleasure to wash through her. Naomi was clearly no novice at eating pussy and it did not take long for Sara to be charging towards release. She could feel her tunnel narrowing and when Naomi pushed a finger inside of her magic cunt she moaned out loudly.

With her free hand Naomi reached upwards, grasping Sara's breasts as she had done to the guard captain moments earlier. The feeling of her fingers sinking into the soft flesh and playing with her nipples pushed Sara closer and closer to release. Soon she was rubbing her hips back against the guard captain's face.

"I'm going to come," she moaned, and her lover stared back at her with glee in her hazel eyes. Sara swore that Naomi's tongue pressed harder against her pussy then, her two fingers still pumping into Sara's magic cunt. Her pleasure grew, then crested. The moment arrived.

"I'm coming!" she cried out, pleasure overtaking her as pulses of bliss raged through her. She twitched, her eyes rolling back as Naomi lapped at her pussy, letting her ride out the intense climax.

It took a long time for her pleasure to fade, but eventually it did, and Sara slumped back onto the floor with a satisfied giggle. Naomi kissed her inner thighs, then up her body, grinning at Sara before pressing her lips against hers.

"Welcome to Eriport, Dame Sara."