 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, hurried back to the barracks of the City Watch. It was morning, and before she and Naomi had parted the night before the captain of the watch had promised to take her to see Chloe, the noblewoman she was in Eriport to search for.

Soon she had reached the building and found Naomi, the woman grinning at Sara as she saw her approach. No doubt the brunette was remembering the way Sara had made her come the evening before. Sara also smiled at the memory, her magic cunt throbbing with desire even now. She had not had sex this morning and knew she would not be able to ignore her growing horniness all day, but she was not yet so desperate that it would cause problems. She knew she had to speak to Chloe and find out how to help before she could spend time addressing her own personal desires.

"Good morning, Dame Knight," Naomi said with a bow.

Sara bowed, too. "Good morning, Captain."

They left the building, engaged in idle conversation whilst Naomi filled Sara in on the rest of the details about Chloe's stay here in Eriport. Some she had been told the night before but it never hurt to be reminded. It seemed that Chloe had arrived just under a month ago as her parents had said, and had immediately set about enjoying her newfound freedom by bringing a different man back to her room every night. Both Sara and Naomi agreed that there was nothing wrong with that but her problem had been that one of those lovers had stolen her ancestral family sword. Chloe had been far too embarrassed to return home without it and so had reported the theft to the city guard and was remaining in the city pestering the watch until the weapon was found and returned to her.

It seemed to Sara that Naomi found the young noblewoman more than a little irritating. Whilst the captain of the watch fully sympathised with her plight, she could not afford to spend all her manpower looking for a single sword when she had a city to keep in order. Instead, she had to deal with requests by Chloe every day or two asking for updates. It seemed that Chloe had also asked for a permanent guard to be posted to her room in the tavern in case the thief came back to try and steal more.

"Did you let her have one?" Sara asked, raising an eyebrow.

Naomi sighed. "I had to. Denying her the guard was more trouble that it was worth. I think it's pointless, personally, since that thief is never going to come back, but she is not going to be swayed."

"Is someone there now, then?"

"Yes. Today was Jayson's turn to guard her. I only hope that he actually is guarding her."

Sara was unsure by what Naomi meant but did not decide to press matters further. Soon they had reached the tavern in which Chloe was staying and Sara whistled in amazement. It was very luxurious, and clearly far more expensive than the inn in which Sara herself was staying. And given that she was paying three gold coins a night for her bed Sara could only cringe at how expensive a place such as this would be. Still, Chloe was nobility and would therefore have more money than she knew what to do with. The expense of the tavern would probably mean nothing to her.

She dismounted Snowglide, handing the stablegirl a silver coin. Naomi dismounted her own horse but did not tip the stablegirl, but as a member of the City Watch Sara knew she was not expected to. If the guards tipped every stableboy and stablegirl during their rounds the City Watch would be bankrupt within a year. They went inside.

Naomi greeted the innkeeper and immediately began to climb some stairs at the rear of the tavern. Clearly the owner was well-used to the presence of the City Watch since Chloe had stayed here and he did not complain. When they reached the top of the stairs, Naomi sighed.

"And sadly, I am disappointed."

Sara came to stand next to her, looking around then raising an eyebrow. "At what, Naomi?"

The brunette pointed at an ornate door at the end of the corridor. "Do you see anything, Sara?"

Sara pursed her lips. "There's no guard."

"Exactly. There is no guard. Jayson is not doing his job." She started to march towards the door. "Instead, he is doing your dear noblewoman. Again."

"Again?" Sara asked, hurrying to keep up with the stalking guard captain. At the edges of her hearing she could hear moans and grunts of pleasure, clearly coming from behind the door. It proved Naomi right, but it also set Sara's cunt aflame.

"He was posted here a week ago, until I caught him forgoing his duties in favour of being ridden by our dear Chloe." She shook her head. "I actually gave him some leeway. Chloe is a very good-looking young woman, and Jayson is a handsome, skilled man."

"You sound like you speak from experience, Naomi," Sara quipped, trying to lighten the mood.

They reached the door and her companion turned to her and grinned. "Of course I do. But for all the times I have welcomed Jayson's cock inside me, it was never when we were on duty. Or, at least, not often anyway." She grinned. "But I am the captain of the watch, so certain privileges are allowed of me. Yet I told him he was not to let himself be drawn into her bedchamber whilst on duty again. At any other point, he was free to fuck her as often as he wished, but when he was supposed to be standing guard outside her door then he better damn well be standing guard outside her door."

"Let me guess, he wasn't?" Sara said. Inside the room the sounds of passion were growing ever-louder. It was clear that the lovers were reaching the peak of their pleasure.

"I came back the following day to find them in exactly the same situation. He was relegated to the night watch for seven days, until I gave him another chance this morning. It seems I was mistaken in doing so. He's a good soldier, but it's clear that Chloe is just too much of a temptation."

Naomi paused then, fishing out a key from her pack and silently unclicking the lock on the door. She waited a few seconds longer, until the grunts inside the room signalled that both lovers were moments away from climaxing.

Then she threw open the door and stomped in.

Sara followed, her eyes opening wide at the sight that greeted her. A stunning red-headed woman in her early-twenties, slender yet busty, stared at Naomi with her blue eyes wide with horror. She was on all-fours and her large tits swayed on her chest as she was fucked from behind. Clearly, that was Chloe.

As for her lover, he looked immediately sheepish, withdrawing his hard cock that glistened with Chloe's juices and leaping for his uniform as if he could somehow dress himself in the past and avoid Naomi's steely glare. Jayson, evidently. His messy blonde hair and toned, muscular body made Sara's cunt flare with desire and the horniness that flooded through her was not abated by the sight of his hard cock and gorgeous green eyes. He was probably around 6'3" tall and around Sara's age in his mid-twenties.

"Captain, I was just-" he started, until Naomi cut him off with an angry flick of her wrist.

"You were just about to come, yes. I could hear. I warned you about getting distracted on duty and you have disobeyed me again. Could you not have waited the five hours it would take for your shift to finish?"

He stood there silently, accepting his dressing down.

Then Naomi turned to Chloe. "This woman is a Knight of the Land, sent by your parents, Chloe. They are worried about you."

Chloe's eyes went wide with horror for a second time and she snatched up a blanket to cover herself.

"Dame Knight, welcome," she stammered. "My parents sent you?"

Sara nodded. "They did, Chloe. They are worried about you. You have not contacted them since you arrived."

The redhead looked around nervously. "Well, you see..." She trailed off.

"Your sword has been stolen, yes. I know," Sara said. "Captain Naomi told me all there was to know. I am here to help you get it back, so that you can return home."

Chloe looked shocked. "To help me?"

"Of course, Chloe. I am a Knight of the Land. It is my duty to do so."

Naomi stepped forwards. "And that is why we had to interrupt, I'm afraid. Jayson here has a contact in the warehouse district, and I need him to introduce the man to Dame Sara."

Sara turned to her. "You do?"

"A member of the City Watch cannot infiltrate the packs of thieves that operate in the warehouse district. They know our faces. But you are new here and have not been in town long enough to be recognised. You can do it, and find the missing sword."

"A good idea," Sara nodded. She turned to Jayson. "Very well. I am ready."

The man had finished dressing, and he turned to Naomi. "I am sorry for letting you down again, Captain. I shall show Sara to my contact, then report to the barracks and await a punishment that you see fit."

"Good," Naomi said in response. "Show Dame Sara to the warehouse district when she is ready. Wait outside until then."

The man nodded and left. As Sara turned to follow him, Naomi caught her arm.

"If I know Jayson, he'll be pent up with frustration at not being allowed to come," she said with a wicked grin. "I saw the way you were looking at him, Sara. You have my permission to fuck him, if you so wish." The guard captain giggled, then turned to Chloe. "And Chloe, what am I going to do to convince you to stop trying to fuck my men?"

She stepped towards the noblewoman and Chloe, who was clearly still horny and aroused, smiled naughtily. Sara decided to leave them to it, though her magic cunt was practically aflame with lust at the thought of Naomi instead helping to relieve Chloe's desire where Jayson had been interrupted.

She hurried downstairs to find Jayson waiting for her. As she approached she noticed his eyes scanning up and down her body and his jaw clenching. Naomi was right that he was clearly still very horny. Sara did not blame him.

"Shall I show you to the warehouse district?" he asked, mounting up as his horse was brought round from the rear along with Snowglide.

"First you will accompany me to my tavern room, and fuck me," Sara said simply, unable to contain her lust any more.

Jayson looked stunned. "Dame Knight? Are you sure?"

"Very sure. Your captain will not know, and the sight of you and Chloe has me more horny than you can imagine. You were placed under my command, Jayson, and my order is that you fuck me. Of course, I will not enforce it if you do not want me to."

Jayson just nodded, clearly awestruck. Sara giggled and before long they were outside Sara's tavern. She dismounted, tipping the stableboy who ran out, and practically dragged Jayson inside after her.

Seconds later, she had tugged him into her room and locked the door, then turned to face him with a wicked grin. Then she kissed him.

Jayson kissed her hungrily back, his pent-up frustration from being interrupted with Chloe bursting free at Sara's teasing. His tongue pushed into her mouth and Sara moaned back, wrapping her arms around his neck. She felt his hands slip beneath her armour, trying to find the knots.

She didn't stop him as he unhooked her chestplate, pulling it free from her body. The rest of her armour soon followed and soon she was standing naked. Jayson stared at her nude body with lust burning in his eyes.

"I might not be as hot as Chloe," she said modestly, running one finger down Jayson's chest. "But unlike with her, no one will interrupt you before you finish. You can fuck me until you come inside me."

"You're just as hot, Dame Sara," Jayson murmured in response, kissing her again. She let her fingers deftly undress him as he did so and soon his leather armour was discarded on the floor. She broke the kiss to stare hungrily at his naked body, her magic cunt throbbing at the thought of him been buried inside her.

It seemed Jayson had similar thoughts as he pushed her onto the bed. She landed on the soft mattress and immediately he was on top of her, kissing her again. Then the kiss was broken and he slowly moved down her body, stopping at her big tits to squeeze and lick them, sucking her nipples into his mouth as he played with the globes. Sara moaned, the sound growing even louder when he finally moved his attentions further down her body, pushing her thighs apart and burying his face between her legs.

"Oh fuck, Jayson," Sara moaned as the blonde warrior pressed his tongue against her folds.

It didn't take long before he was devouring her with passion, his lips and tongue dancing over her sensitive pussy. He teased her lips and clit, kissing and licking them, bringing her ever-closer to orgasm. Then he slid one hand towards her cunt and she sobbed out in pleasure as he pushed two fingers inside of her. When he started to pump them she couldn't resist pushing herself back against his face, urging him in deeper.

Moments later she came hard, a cry drawn from her lungs as her magic cunt spasmed around his probing fingers and her blue eyes rolled back. Her juices leaked out around his face, and she twitched in the throes of a powerful climax.

When it had passed she stared down at him hungrily, pleased to note a similar look of desire still burning in his eyes. She might have come, but her magic cunt was far from satisfied. It desperately wanted him inside of her.

To that end she pushed herself slightly further up the bed, then twisted round, moving to all-fours. She turned her head and wiggled her ass at him, grinning wickedly.

"I believe this is how you were fucking Chloe when myself and your captain rudely brought proceedings to an end. I might not be her, but would you like to carry on where you left off anyway?"

Jayson only growled, climbing onto the bed and grasping his thick cock. Sara let her torso slump slightly in pleasure as she felt his member pressing against her folds, then threw her head back with a loud moan as he pushed inwards. He sank deeper, stretching her full, every inch sending another thrill through her.

Soon he was buried to the hilt inside her sensitive pussy and he started to thrust with a groan of his own. Whilst he started slowly and gently before long his pace had picked up. Sara enjoyed the way her body swayed with each impact of her lover's hips. Her big tits shook beneath her and her blonde hair fell messily about her face.

"You pussy feels so good, Dame Knight," the guard growled.

Sara moaned, pushing herself back against his thrusts. "Then fuck me hard!" she cried.

Jayson seemed to accept that challenge and his thrusts increased in potency yet again. She could feel his balls slapping against her clit as he fucked her and her pleasure built quickly. Her magic cunt narrowed on his cock and she knew that she wasn't far away.

"I'm going to come, Jayson. I'm going to come..." she whimpered, her climax cresting. From the way his breathing grew more ragged she could tell he was near too.

Then he cried out, his cock twitching inside of her and she knew he was finally coming. From the sound of the groan drawn from his lungs and the way his hands gripped her hips she guessed it was one of the most potent orgasms of his life, though that did not surprise her. Her magic cunt always made sure of that.

She did not have long to think about that though because moments later her own climax arrived. Sara screamed out her pleasure as she came hard, her body twitching with overwhelming pleasure.

At last they were both finished and Jayson pulled his deflating member from her cunt with a groan of contentedness. Sara giggled and rolled over to grin at him.

"Are you glad you finally got to come?" she winked.

Jayson laughed, then nodded. "Most definitely."

Sara's smile broadened when she heard the midday bell sound loud through Eriport.

It was time to meet their contact.