 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, strode into the warehouse district with Jayson. It was already mid-afternoon and the place was packed with people. The crowds parted for a member of the City Watch and a Knight of the Land, however, but Sara hoped they did not draw too much attention.

Yet she could do nothing about that now. Instead she walked briskly on, following Jayson's lead until he stopped outside a rather run down building, part of a row of six side-by-side. He looked around, then knocked on the door. After a few moments there was the scraping of a bar being lifted and the door opened. An elderly man eyed them suspiciously for a while before finally waving them in.

Jayson stepped through and Sara followed, and before she knew it they were climbing a set of stairs to the upper floor of the building. She wondered where she was being led.

At the top of the stairs was a corridor and Sara realised that it ran the length of all the buildings. Clearly these were designed to be more luxurious and secure than they seemed on the outside. Jayson knocked on one door and they waited. A lock unclicked and then the door was opened. Jayson stepped through and Sara followed, her eyes opening wide at what she saw.

It was a small abode but a very pleasant one, which surprised her given how the building looked on the outside. Everything was neat and clean and there was a certain amount of ornamentation that spoke of the wealth of its owner. Clearly whoever lived here did well enough for themselves even if they weren't quite rich.

"It is good to see you again, Jayson," said a smooth voice behind her. "And who is your friend?"

Sara turned to the source of the voice and almost gasped. An incredibly handsome man smiled pleasantly back at her, his medium-length brown hair worn loose but for two braids falling by his temples. Green eyes regarded her warmly and he was probably about 5'9", and lithely built. Yet it was his pointed ears that drew Sara's attention. They were not large enough to mark him out as an elf, so that made him a half-elf. He wore a simple brown tunic and tan pants with black boots.

Jayson nodded at the half-elf and smiled. "And it is good to see you too, Torvil." He gestured at Sara. "This is Dame Sara, a foreign knight here to help a visiting noble in this city. Sara, this is Torvil, my contact and esteemed friend here in the warehouse district."

Sara noticed Torvil's eyes appreciatively taking in her figure. She did not mind though - in fact her magic cunt flared at the look in his eyes. Then he smiled at her. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Dame Sara. Forgive me for being so forward, but would you perhaps be looking for a sword?"

Sara gasped. "Yes, I am. How did you know?"

Torvil grinned and spread his palms wide. "Information is my business, my lady. I know a noblewoman from our allies to the south has lost a sword, and I can tell you herald from the same country. It is not hard to marry the two together. And why else would such a beautiful woman visit my abode?"

"Can you help us?" Jayson asked, sighing. "I must return to the barracks promptly, so I don't have time to watch you flirting with a knight, Torvil."

Torvil smiled cheekily. "I'm not flirting, Jayson. I'll save that for when you've gone." He grinned at Sara. "More seriously, I do know where your sword is. It is being held by a group of smugglers here in the warehouse district. The most dangerous, powerful and malicious of all the smugglers, in fact."

Sara grimaced. That was not the news she wanted. "Can it be reclaimed?"

"I think it probably can, yes. But it will be risky."

"I'm a Knight of the Land. I can handle risk," Sara smiled. "What do you need me to do?"

Torvil strode past her to the window, staring out. "The only way to get into the warehouse is to be invited in. The doors are otherwise kept locked. On top of that, the plundered wares are kept in a storeroom rigged with oil and flame. Even if someone could break past the locks, the stolen goods would be destroyed before they could save them."

Jayson whistled. "A dangerous set up indeed. Do you need my help?"

"I do not think so," Torvil said. "To get Sara inside will require me taking her to meet the captain of the smuggling group, and convincing him to let her join. You will not be able to accompany us, Jayson. I suggest you return to the barracks, so I will know where to find you if I must."

"Is that alright with you, Sara?" Jayson said.

Sara nodded. "It is. I will be fine. I must recover this sword, and I will succeed."

"Very well, Dame Knight," Jayson said, moving to the door. Then he bowed. "Good luck."

He stepped out, shutting the door behind him, leaving Sara alone with Torvil. She turned to him and smiled. "So what's the plan?"

"Exactly as I said," the half-elf shrugged. "I will take you to see the captain, pretending you are a mercenary from the south. You'll have to play along with the deception but the man is so desperate for new recruits that he'll probably hire you. He's been taking on anyone with a sword arm recently. From there, you'll be able to get inside the warehouse and find your sword."

Sara moved over to stand next to Torvil and stare out of the window. He was inch or so shorter than her but that did not bother her.

Torvil revealed that he would have to take Sara to see the captain the following day, as he would have to set the meeting up and would not have time now. Sara did not mind - she was grateful that the half-elf was taking the time to help her at all, even though she guessed he was being paid by the City Watch.

The evening stretched on as they talked. Sara found Torvil to be intelligent and quick-witted as well as incredibly good-looking and despite his dubious morals she knew he was on her side in this. All the time they spoke she noticed he could not keep his eyes from her and that in turn made her horniness grow. She had only had sex once that day and knew that she would need to find release another time or her lust would overcome her.

After they had been speaking for a while, Torvil brought up the issue of her armour. It was far too noteworthy, expensive and mithril, and she would not be able to pass for a mercenary whilst wearing it.

"What do you suggest?" Sara said, pursing her lips as she stared at her attire. She liked her armour.

"I fear you will have to wear something less imposing," Torvil shrugged. "Do you have anything of the sort?"

Sara shook her head.

"Then I will procure you some," Torvil said, smiling. He left the abode before Sara could stop him.

She waited for what seemed like an hour until evening had well and truly rolled in before Torvil returned. He grinned at her, passing her a pack. Inside she found a set of leather armour.

"How did you get this?"

"I borrowed it," the half-elf shrugged. "No, genuinely, I did. The armourer in these parts owed me a favour. I'll have to return it, so please try not to get stabbed and mess it up."

Sara laughed, taking the armour out. It was nice. Not as nice as her mithril suit of armour, of course, but far more inconspicuous. "I suppose I should try it on."

"I will leave you to your privacy," Torvil bowed.

"Nonsense," Sara said. "I'm not getting naked. I have nothing to hide." Then she started to undress, unhooking the knots to her armour and removing it. Soon she was standing in only her underclothes and she could feel Torvil's eyes drinking in the sight of her even if he pretended that he wasn't.

She pulled on the new armour, finding that it was a perfect fit. She had to admit, it was very comfortable, and she actually rather enjoyed the way it highlighted her luscious figure. Her mithril armour did not do much to conceal her curves, but this armour made them even more apparent.

"What do you think?" she said, turning to Torvil.

"I think it looks good on you, and no one will know that you are a knight," he said.

"Good." With that, she removed the armour again, until she was once again standing in her underclothes. She turned to Torvil and grinned. He was staring at her with barely-concealed lust. She knew her magic cunt would not permit her to turn down this opportunity.

"You look... fascinated, Torvil."

He shook his head in wonder. "I apologise, Sara. It is not every day a beautiful knight undresses in my home."

Sara stepped towards him. "I'm not undressed, Torvil, though I could be if you wanted. Yet tell me, how often does a beautiful knight not only undress in your home, but then let you fuck her there?"

Torvil grinned. "Not often enough."

"Well let's do something about that," Sara murmured back, then kissed him. Torvil kissed her back and soon his hands were pulling her underclothes from her body. She let him slide the garments off, enjoying the way he groaned when her big tits spilled free. He grabbed the globes squeezing them with delight and Sara took the opportunity to start undressing him in return. Soon they were both naked, kissing passionately with their bodies pressed together.

Then Torvil grasped her shoulders, guiding her towards the large bed in the corner of the room. With a gentle shove he pushed her down onto it and Sara climbed slightly further up and stared at the half-elf with lust. His cock was already standing proud and she was desperate to have it inside of her.

Torvil clearly had other ideas though, and he climbed onto the bed to kiss his way down her body. Then he reached her legs, pushing her thighs apart to reveal her pussy which she knew was already soaking wet. He leaned forwards and pressed his tongue against her cunt, slowing licking upwards.

"Oh fuck," she said, reaching out to grab a handful of Torvil's brown hair. His green eyes stared into hers as he went to work on her pussy, licking and kissing her folds. Soon her pleasure was growing and Sara was rubbing her hips back against his face, smearing her juices over his tongue and chin. Torvil did not seem to mind - indeed, the half-elf only licked at her cunt more passionately. With a rapturous cry, she came hard, and Torvil delicately lapped at her clit to help her ride through the orgasm.

Yet it was not enough for her magic cunt, Sara knew. She yearned for more. To that end she placed her hands on Torvil's cheeks, guiding him towards her and kissing him deeply. When he was on top of her she wrapped her arms around him and rolled over so that he lay beneath her. His hands slid up her sides, exploring her body, and Sara moaned loudly as they found and cupped her big tits.

Yet she did not stay that way for long. Instead, she spun around so that she was facing his feet, his hard cock sticking up proudly. She moaned at the sight of it, reaching out to wrap her fist around it and enjoying the way Torvil groaned as she did so. Then she lifted her hips, angling them with his member, and settled down.

She sobbed out in pleasure as his cock slipped inside her cunt, filling her up. Slowly she lowered herself onto him, every inch of his member stimulating her sensitive pussy. When he was fully inside her she simply rested there a moment before starting to bounce her hips.

Torvil let his hands rove over her body whilst she rode him and Sara could not help but slowly increase the pace. Her lover did not seem to mind, however, and his groans of pleasure grew louder and louder as her speed increased. Soon her hips was crashing down against his, her entire body shaking with their sex.

"You feel so good, Sara," he growled, starting to meet her downward movements with thrusts of his own. Sara murmured something incoherent in reply, the pleasure that was building inside her too powerful to form proper responses.

She was so close, and she knew the moment was not far away. Torvil, too, seemed on the verge of climax, and his hands stopped roving over her slender body, instead slipping round to her front and cupping her large breasts. The feel of his fingers toying with her nipples was too much for Sara, and she came hard for the second time.

"I'm coming!" she shrieked, pleasure searing through her mind, her magic cunt clamping down on his probing cock. A shout was torn from Torvil's lungs seconds later and she knew he had joined her in release. From the way he was groaning she suspected he was coming harder than he ever had before and she knew that with the demon magic inside of her that was actually quite likely.

Their orgasms seemed to stretch out, but eventually they faded and Sara let herself slump back against Torvil. The half-elf fondled her breasts for a short while and kissed her neck before finally withdrawing his now-spent cock from her cunt.

"An excellent way to start our relationship, I feel," Torvil grinned.

Sara laughed as she settled down next to him. She could only agree, and within moments she was asleep.