 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, woke up in Torvil's bed having had a good night's sleep. A bout of passionate sex and comfortable bed usually meant she slept well, and last night was no exception.

What made the morning even better was the naked half-elf asleep next to her. Sara grinned as she saw the tent in the sheets made by her companion's morning wood, and her magic cunt throbbed with its usual morning desire.

From the noises of the city and the fact that she had not yet heard the first morning bell, Sara knew that it was still early. With that in mind she slowly slipped under the covers.

She moaned under her breath when she reached Torvil's hard cock, then parted her lips and sucked his head into her mouth. The half-elf moaned, shifting slightly in his sleep, and she ran her tongue along his sensitive tip.

He moaned again, clearly waking up, then the moan became a low chuckle. "Good morning to you too, Sara," he said with amusement before throwing the covers back and revealing her to him.

She didn't respond, merely continued to suck his cock. She brought her hands into play now that he was awake, letting her fists smear her spit over his shaft and pleasure the areas her mouth could not reach. Soon she was sucking him more forcefully, enjoying the half-elf's moans of pleasure.

"You'll make me come if you keep that up," Torvil groaned after a few minutes. "And I'm sure you have a better place for my seed in mind."

Sara giggled. "I certainly do," she murmured sultrily, pulling her head from his cock. She swiftly climbed his body, straddling his waist and kissing him deeply. Reaching down, she grabbed his member and guided it to her entrance, settling back onto it and letting him penetrate her pussy.

She moaned loudly at the feeling, and when he was fully inside her she sat more upright, placing her palms on his stomach and slowly grinding herself against him. He felt amazing inside her, and clearly his own pleasure mirrored hers. His green eyes glittered with both amusement and carnal delight.

"You seem to like riding me," Torvil grinned and Sara could only giggle in response, the sound turning into another long moan as a shiver of pleasure ran through her.

Slowly her pace grew until she had reached a steady rhythm. Her hips bounced on his, her magic cunt drawing in and releasing his wonderful cock. She slumped slightly, still riding him but now from a slightly different angle, her big tits swinging with the movement.

Torvil reached up to grasp the mounds, playing with them as he started to thrust too, his clouding eyes indicating how close he was to coming. Sara was not far off either and she kissed him frantically as the orgasm in her core slowly bubbled over.

Torvil broke the kiss the bellow out in pleasure and Sara knew he was coming. His cock twitched inside her and the knowledge that his seed was spraying into her womb pushed her over the edge too. Her eyes unfocused and she sobbed out as a huge climax burst inside her body, shivering all the way through to even her fingers and toes.

Afterwards, she kissed him deeply then climbed from his body.

"I hope you didn't mind me waking you up that way," she grinned.

Torvil laughed. "Do you think it's likely that I did?"

Sara smiled and watched as Torvil slipped from the bed.

"Still, it was good of you to wake me when you did. I must set up a meeting with captain of the smuggling ring. I will return when I am ready," he said, quickly dressing. "Try not to do anything too... knightly, whilst I am gone." He grinned at her before leaving.

Sara waited, lying in bed a while longer before finally deciding to get up. She did not like waiting. She busied herself, making sure to wash before dressing into her underclothes then the form-fitting leather armour. Again she was impressed by how snug it was and the way it revealed her figure. Still, she didn't think she'd ever prefer it to her mithril armour. She made sure that her usual armour and the Axe of the Mists were still safe.

Eventually Torvil returned. He smiled triumphantly at her. "I have succeeded. The captain will be in his usual tavern this afternoon. We will catch him there."

"Excellent. Thank you, Torvil."

"Now, in the meantime, I feel I should show you the warehouse from the outside," Torvil said.

Sara nodded. "A very good idea."

They left Torvil's house and soon Sara found herself crouched on the rooftop, staring at the warehouse across the wharf. She was not used to sneaking around and had to be very careful with her footing, unlike Torvil who seemed completely at home on the rooftops.

Her companion showed her all the entrances to the warehouse and she made a note of the patrol routes. It was not heavily guarded on the outside at least but Sara noticed that there were lookouts on every side that were clearly keeping an eye out for the city guard. She would need to deal with at least one of those lookouts to keep the smugglers blind on one side of the warehouse.

Sara and the half-elf watched the warehouse for a good while until the sun was lower in the sky and it was clear that it was later afternoon. Torvil pointed out the time and they decided to head to the tavern where they would find the captain of the smuggling ring.

Sara grimaced as they walked in. It was dark, dingy and the stink of violence of permeated the air. She would not have been surprised to see a fight breaking out at any moment.

"There he is," Torvil said, pointing to a man laughing loudly with a mug in his hand. He had a few men and women sitting around him and all were clearly at least a little tipsy.

Sara approached, and the man stopped laughing to look at her. He was older, probably in his late-fifties, and had a nasty glint in his eye. Sara shivered unpleasantly as that gaze flickered up and down her body.

He grinned. "And who is this?" he asked. "Come to entertain me, wench?"

Torvil appeared at Sara's side and coughed. "Not quite, Captain Reynolds. This is the mercenary I was talking about."

The man's eyes narrowed at Torvil, then moved back over to Sara. He snorted. "Very well." Then he turned to his companions. "I have business to attend to. All of you, fuck off!"

Sara did not think she had seen people leave so quickly but soon enough she found herself alone with this Captain Reynolds and Torvil. She sat down, and so did Torvil.

Captain Reynolds raised an eyebrow at Torvil. "Are you looking to join my operation too, Torvil? Finally decided to stop skulking in your little hovel?"

"I am quite happy in my hovel," Torvil smiled in response, clearly trying to keep things civil.

"Then you can fuck off, too. This is business now, Torvil. Go on, fuck off."

The half-elf glanced at Sara, then nodded and stood. "I'll expect a finder's fee, Reynolds."

"If she turns out to be any good, you'll get one, but not until then," the captain growled in response.

Torvil glared at him, then stormed out. Sara was impressed by how good an actor he was. Now it was her turn.

"So what do you want with my little operation?" Captain Reynolds said and Sara realised he was talking to her.

"I was hoping for a job, sir," she said simply.

"What skills do you have that we want?"

She gave him the backstory that Torvil and herself had come up with, that she was a mercenary from the south who was looking for work and that Torvil had suggested she talk to Captain Reynolds. They had decided that she choose a different name on the off chance that anyone here had heard of her exploits as a Knight Errant and so she chose the name Freya because she had always liked it.

The captain seemed to buy it, and Sara realised that Torvil was completely right when he said that the man was desperate for recruits. Sara was surprised at how successful his smuggling operation must be to force him to expand his workforce so quickly. Not that she could complain - it was getting her inside.

"Very well, Freya," Reynolds nodded. "I'll take you on. You start tomorrow morning. I'll send someone to fetch you from this tavern at the seventh bell. Be ready. I suggest you stay here tonight."

"Thank you, Captain Reynolds," she smiled, bowing, then stretching out her hand for him to shake it.

He looked at her hand with disdain. "I don't think so. Go away, and don't fuck up tomorrow." He stood and walked out of the tavern.

Sara was left stunned at his manner. Whilst she had hardly been expecting the head of a smuggling ring to be a charismatic charmer, she had been thinking he would be a little less boorish. Still, at least he wasn't hitting on her, which was a good thing.

She caught the innkeeper's eye, approaching him to ask to rent a room. Before she could he had thrust a key into her palm, however.

"A new recruit? I don't charge rates for those," he smiled, clearly nervous. Sara felt a little sorry for him - she got the impression he wasn't keen on having the smugglers use his tavern as a base, but there was probably not much he could do about it.

She took the key and thanked the man before heading upstairs. She found her room easily and unlocked the door before stepping inside. It was already evening and she considered going straight to bed, although she was horny enough that she would probably have to masturbate first.

"So how did it go?" said a familiar voice to her right and Sara jumped in surprise. She spun around to find Torvil grinning at her.

"Don't do that!" she laughed at the handsome half-elf, though she was not unhappy to see him. Torvil would provide her with the method of the release she was so craving. "It went well. I start tomorrow. You acted well."

Torvil smiled. "A lot of practice, I'm afraid. I just wanted to wish you luck, and find out what you wanted me to do."

Sara had an idea. She wanted him to slide his hard cock inside her cunt. But she knew he meant about the warehouse tomorrow.

"I want you to tell Jayson that I intend to distract or take out the guard on the east side of the warehouse - the side with the door closest to the storeroom. If he can get a group of guardsmen to that door by the ninth bell, he won't be spotted and I'll open the door. They can swarm in."

Torvil's eyes opened wide and he nodded, clearly impressed. "A brave plan, but it might just work. I will, of course, let Jayson know." He bowed. "And now I will leave you to sleep. I imagine you'll want a good rest before tomorrow."

Sara reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder. "You don't need to leave just yet. First, I want you to fuck me."

"You're insatiable!" Torvil laughed, but the sound was silenced as Sara kissed him passionately. Her hands explored his body, quickly undressing him, and soon the half-elf was naked before her.

His own hands did not stay still, removing her leather armour piece by piece until she was as naked as he was. His palms cupped her big tits and squeezed them and she moaned into their kiss before breaking it and staring into his green eyes. 

Sara grinned wickedly as she sank to her knees, reaching out to grasp his member, and moaned as she felt his hard cock slip between her lips. She sucked down on his tip, enjoying his delighted groans as her tongue teased the undersides of his head. She brought her hands into play, pumping them on his rigid shaft.

Sara made sure to kiss and lick every inch of his member until it glistened with her saliva. Torvil threaded his fingers through her blonde hair and lightly pumped his hips back against her mouth. Sara did not mind - he wasn't being rough, and knowing it felt so good he couldn't keep still only served to further inflame her lust.

Soon she could take no more. She stood up, crushing herself against the half-elf and kissing him deeply. His hands wrapped around her as she did so, holding her against him, and his tongue pushed into her mouth. They moaned into the embrace.

Sara slipped her hand between their bodies, finding Torvil's hard cock and giving it another few pumps. He broke the kiss to gaze hungrily at her at the sensation. Sara grinned, letting go of his member and instead pushing him onto the bed.

She climbed on after him and threw a leg over his waist. Yet before she could settle down, Torvil had sat upright and wrapped his arms around her body. He rolled over suddenly, leaving Sara on her back and him perched above her.

Sara did not mind, particularly not when moments later he eased his cock into her magic cunt. Her tunnel gripped him as he stretched her full and Sara moaned loudly at the feeling of him sinking deeper. Soon she felt his balls pressing against her and knew he was fully inside of her.

That knowledge alone made her feel great but what felt even better was when he started to move. He thrust gently at first and Sara appreciated that, letting his cock glide into her. His cock stretched her full each time he pushed inwards and she couldn't contain the yelps that issued from her lungs. Torvil's face too was a picture of pleasure and he stared at her with desire, his green eyes shimmering with lust.

As his thrusts sped up a faint sheen of sweat began to form on his forehead. His face also started to flush and Sara found the sight incredibly hot. She rested her right hand on the bicep of his left arm, feeling the muscle moving beneath his skin, and let the fingers of her left hand trace down his toned chest.

The combination of his hot body and the feeling of his member slamming into her pussy had Sara quickly surging towards release. She could see the half-elf's green eyes clouding too and knew that he was not far away either.

"I'm going to come," she moaned, reaching up to hold his face.

Torvil stared back with rapidly-glazing green eyes. "Me too!" He groaned again, tossing his head. "Your pussy feels too good to hold back!"

"Then don't hold back!" Sara said, feeling her tunnel start to clench on his cock. "Fill me up!"

Torvil seemed to take her words to heart and seconds later he threw his head back and cried out. She felt his cock twitch inside her and knew that he was coming. The knowledge that he was pumping her full of his cum set her own orgasm off and her entire mind was subsumed by the extreme pleasure of her huge climax. Her limbs twitched as she came hard and Torvil shuddered through his own immense release.

When at last their orgasms were over, Torvil slumped down on top of her with a grin. She lay there, enjoying the feeling of his body against hers, until at last he rolled away. She stared at his lovely body as he climbed from the bed, then watched him dress.

"I should go," he said when he was fully-armoured. "If I'm caught here with you then your plan will fail."

Sara nodded sadly. "I agree."

"Take care today, Dame Knight. And if you ever need information from me again, then you know where to find me," he replied with a cheeky wink before slipping from the room.