 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, approached the warehouse with slight trepidation. She was a little nervous though that was not overly surprising. She may have been a Knight of the Land and quested bravely to retrieve the Axe of the Mists, but she had never done anything like this before. Yet, it was her duty as a knight to aid Chloe and retrieve the noblewoman's family sword, so Sara intended to see it through.

When she reached the warehouse a man stepped out, looked her up and down, then waved her through. Clearly, they knew she was coming. As she entered the warehouse she was struck by its size but before she could get a real handle on the place a loud shout caught her attention.

It was the captain from the day before. "Freya!" he shouted. "Come here."

She hurried over to him. "Good morning, captain," she smiled.

"Don't good morning me. You're a nothing, a nobody. You work for me now. We're not equals," he spat. "I'm assigning someone to work with you for the day, to make sure you're trustworthy. And don't try anything - he's one of the most skilled swordsman I've ever seen. He'll cut you in two if he has to." He waved over to a figure in the background. "Dayron! Come here."

Sara's eyes opened wide for a moment as she saw Dayron approach, but she quickly concealed her surprise. That was Dayron! What was he doing here? She could not believe he had deliberately decided to work for smugglers and criminals and yet it was quite clear that he was not here under duress. He seemed quite content with what he was doing.

When he saw her his own eyes widened. The captain noticed. "Is there something wrong, Dayron?" he asked, glancing between them. Then his face darkened. "Do you know this woman from somewhere?"

Dayron opened his mouth to speak. Sara knew she had to think of something, otherwise he might incriminate her by telling the truth about her position as a Knight of the Land and her real name. Yet Dame Sara was smart. She immediately had a plan. She cut him off by answering for him. "Forgive me captain, but Dayron and I... had a tryst a few nights ago. I did not know he worked for you."

"A tryst, eh?" The captain looked at her, then at Dayron. His glower became a grin, then he laughed heartily, clapping Dayron on the back. "Good man, Dayron! Freya's a fine-looking woman. I hope you fucked her good!" He laughed again.

"Freya?" Dayron began.

"You've forgotten my name already?" Sara interjected, knowing that Dayron might give her real identity away.

He tilted his head in confusion. "I-"

"You can tell me all about it later, boy," the captain said, cutting him off. "For now, show Freya round the warehouse, but keep it in your pants." He strode off still laughing.

Dayron looked stunned. Sara merely looked at him with a quizzical look on her face. At last he motioned for her to follow him and she walked beside him.

"What are you doing here, Sara? Or is it Freya, really?" he asked after a moment. "And why did you tell the captain about us having sex?"

Sara looked at him. "Because I couldn't have you telling him I was a Knight of the Land. That would ruin everything."

Dayron stopped walking and turned to her. "What do you mean? What would it ruin? Why are you hiding your noble position and your name? And what are you doing pretending to be a guard? Tell me, Sara. I deserve to know."

Sara sighed. "Do you know who you are working for, Dayron?" She desperately hoped he did not.

He furrowed his brow in confusion. "Just a trade company. They import goods from other kingdoms. What do they have of such interest to you?"

Inwardly Sara sighed with relief. Clearly Dayron was a naive fool, but he wasn't a criminal.

"They're smugglers, Dayron," she hissed. "They're thieves and murderers. Nearly everything here is stolen from someone, and you're helping their operation."

Dayron's eyes went wide with horror. "You can't be serious, Sara. I... I didn't know."

"I'm sure you didn't," she soothed. "I know you're not foul-hearted."

"I have to leave for the City Watch at once." He turned, preparing to march straight out of the warehouse.

Sara grabbed his arm. "No, Dayron. You can't. You'll ruin the whole operation. The City Watch are already alerted. They will be here by the ninth bell." She glanced around to make sure no one was listening. "There is a storeroom in this warehouse where they keep their most valuable goods. It is rigged with oil and flame. I need to disable that so that it does not go up in smoke. I need something from that room. Can you help me?"

Dayron listened intently, nodding along. He was clearly shocked by what he was being told but Sara was pleased to note his courageous and noble heart. He evidently had every intention of helping her now he knew the truth.

"I know the room you speak of," he said. "But we cannot get there easily. Yet... I think I have a plan."

"Oh?"

"The captain has taken a fondness to me. I'm quite sure it's simply because he sees my talent as a swordsman. Most of the guards here are quite crude in their skills, relying more on force and violent intent than talent."

"Because they're criminals."

Dayron nodded. "Which now makes complete sense. I had wondered how they managed to find employment as guards." He looked at her sadly. "I am sorry for joining a criminal organisation, Sara. I did not know I had."

She touched his arm. "I understand. If you help me now, I will make sure you are not punished by the City Watch."

"No, I deserve to be. Do not pull strings on my behalf," he said sternly. "Still, I can help you now, and take the punishment I have earned when the time comes. Follow me."

He led her to the rear of the warehouse, where a door opened out onto the wharf through which the boats docked full of their illicit wares. "Wait here. If anyone asks, I've posted you here on guard duty. So try and look, well, guardly."

Sara smiled at him. "And you?"

"I'm going to see about getting you into that room."

Then he walked off. Sara watched him go, hoping he didn't do anything stupid to try and atone for his mistake. She shook her head. As she took up position in the doorway she wondered how he'd fallen in with this smuggling ring and not realised it.

She stood there for a good while, watching the small boats bobbing in the water and the smugglers working on them scurrying about. Her mind wandered, and she grimaced as she felt a familiar throb in her magic cunt. She'd not been able to fuck anyone that morning, too preoccupied with preparing for the day ahead, and had been forced to get herself off before leaving for the warehouse instead. It provided temporary relief but as Sir Jeffrey had told her it was not as long-lasting as actually letting a nice hard cock slide inside her pussy.

Some of the smugglers would shoot her admiring glances from her position in the doorway, and not all of them were ugly. Some were very handsome indeed. Sara was grateful that her disgust for them as criminals was so strong - if she hadn't found their morals so repellent, she knew she'd probably be trying to find a way to lure one of them away to stuff her full of his cock. As it was, she kept a check on her horniness, and focused on her task.

It seemed an eternity for Dayron to return, but when he did he smiled at her. She tried to force all thoughts of sex from her mind, and partially succeeded. Enough to continue with the job at hand, at least.

"Any luck?" she said.

He grinned. "Yes. Come with me." He took her hand, which surprised Sara, and led her towards the rear of the warehouse. "I, um, told the captain I wanted to show you something in the storeroom."

Just then she heard a bellow from behind her. It was the captain. "Don't wear her out, Dayron!" he laughed. "I need Freya back on guard duty afterwards, and she needs to be able to stand." His booming laughter echoed through the warehouse.

Sara shuddered, then paused. "Wait, did you tell the captain that we...?"

Dayron blushed. "It was the best way of getting you in. I said I wanted to show you something in the storeroom. When he asked me what, I acted coy... and he took the insinuation I wanted. The man is a lecherous old fool, and on the condition I told him all about it afterwards, he gave me permission to bring you back here."

Sara's mind was almost lost in a hazy fog of lust at Dayron's words. The thought of letting him take her here, in the warehouse... she was so distracted that she did not at first realised that they had reached a large door, unguarded but clearly sturdy and locked. Dayron fished out a key. He opened it, then stepped inside. Sara followed and Dayron locked the door behind him.

Her eyes went wide as she took in the sight before her. The room was not overly large, but it was stacked to the rafters with loot. Valuable loot. Gems, gold, heirlooms, artwork - everything that could have some value attached to it seemed to be stored in here. The rest of the warehouse had common commodities piled high, things that would keep the operation ticking over but not generate huge profits. The money was in here. And there, right in front of her, was the sword she was looking for. It had the symbol of an owl marked into the hilt - the symbol of Opuk.

"The traps are here," she heard Dayron say, and she turned. Before him was an elaborate system of winches and pulleys, with ropes attached to numerous jugs of oil suspended above the ground. At one end rested a flickering and clearly magical flame. Sara was quite sure there would be no way to douse the fire. One rope was attached to the door, clearly set up so that anyone forcing entry would activate the system, although unlocking it seemed to have slackened that rope. Yet it was quite clear it could still be activated manually. Simply pulling one of the ropes would tip the oil all over the room, and the fire onto the oil. It would be an inferno.

"Wow," she breathed, impressed. A lot of work and forethought had gone into designing the system. She wondered how difficult it would be to disable. "How to we break it?"

"Easily," Dayron said. "The captain showed this to me the other day, boasting about how expensive it was. It is designed to be set off by pulling any number of these ropes, some of which extend to other parts of the warehouse. Only a select few people are giving permission to touch those ropes, and as he has taken a shine to me, he made me one of those people. That was why he was showing me."

Dayron reached up, grabbing a rope and bringing it to him delicately. Sara grimaced as the jugs of oil wobbled at the rope growing tauter. "It is totally protected from being tampered with outside of this room. But it has a severe weakness." He pulled a small knife from his pocket and sliced through the material. The rope went slack immediately. "No one expected it to be disabled from the inside." He grinned, grabbing the next rope.

Sara watched on as Dayron slowly but surely sliced through every rope in the room, leaving none attached to the system of pulleys. Within a minute, the entire system was rendered useless.

"And we're done," he said, pocketing the knife again and smiling at her. "There will be infernos here. Shall we head back outside?"

Sara shook her head. Watching Dayron working had only brought her lust back with a vengeance. And now that the stolen goods were saved, she had nothing to distract her from her horniness.

"So what was it exactly that you told the captain we were doing in here, Dayron?" she said low, stepping towards him. "That you were going to fuck me?"

He blushed again. "Well, yes."

"And are you?"

"Are you suggesting what I think you are?"

Sara reached him, grabbing his face. "Well, we're all alone in here, aren't we? And I'm so desperately horny, Dayron. I mean, if you don't want to fuck me, then fine..."

She giggled to herself when Dayron crushed his lips against hers, wrapping his arms around her body. Immediately his hands were on her armour, undoing the knots to the tight leather and it wasn't long until her big tits spilled free into his waiting grasp. Sara moaned as he played with her nipples for you see she was highly sensitive and loved the feeling.

He continued undressing her and she did the same until they were both naked in the locked storeroom. She stepped over to a nearby crate and lifted herself onto it, her legs dangling over the side and gestured Dayron over.

He moved over and played with her tits whilst he kissed her passionately, then suddenly pulled away and dropped to his knees. Sara watched on with lust as he pushed apart her legs and started to hungrily feast on her magic cunt. She moaned loudly.

She bucked her hips against his face, smearing her juices against his cheeks, but he did not seem to mind. Instead he reached out to hold her ass firmly, keeping his tongue pressed against her folds as he pleasured her. Sara could feel her pleasure building and it did not take long for her orgasm to hit, filling her mind with bliss as her limbs twitched in climax.

Yet even after she had come she knew she was not done. She guided Dayron to his feet, kissing him passionately again. He seemed to know what it was she wanted and he grabbed his hard cock, angling it with her waiting cunt.

"I need you to fuck me now," she whispered, staring lustfully into his brown eyes. She reached up to hold his face.

Dayron nodded, clearly desperate for the same thing. "Of course, Sara." Then he pushed inwards, groaning loudly as his cock slipped inside her.

Sara could not keep quiet, either, and she whimpered in pleasure at the sensation of his hard member stretching wide her pussy. He felt so good inside her, the feeling growing even more intense when he started to move his hips. He was slow at first, maintaining eye contact with her as his hips gently moved, but as their passion grew so did his speed.

Soon he was thumping his hips against hers, the entire crate rocking with the force of his thrusts. Sara wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him again, their moans and groans muffled by each other's mouths. She could feel her orgasm getting closer and she broke the kiss.

"I'm going to come..." she whispered.

Dayron clearly wasn't far off either given the way his eyes had clouded and his jaw set. Moments later, his eyes rolled back and he bellowed out in pleasure. Sara felt his cock twitch inside her and knew that he was coming inside her.

That knowledge set her off too and her orgasm hit. Her magic cunt clamped down on Dayron's cock, spasming along its length as she came hard around his cock. Pleasure seared through her mind and she was lost in bliss for what seemed an age.

Eventually, however, it had faded. Dayron kissed her tenderly then slowly withdrew his cock. He stood up, grinning, before reaching for his armour.

"We should probably get back out there," he said, laughing.

Sara nodded, her horniness temporarily sated and her mind back on the task at hand. "Yes, there's work to be done yet."