 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, glanced around the warehouse. Half an hour had passed since she and Dayron had disabled the security system in the storeroom, preventing the threat of the warehouse being set aflame. Now it was almost time for the final part of her plan.

Dayron had put her on guard duty on the eastern side. Then she'd told him to leave, to retreat to her tavern room and wait for her there so as not to get caught up in the raid that would follow. She hoped he'd listened - she'd not seen him around the warehouse since, at least.

There was one other guard on the door with her, which was locked. Dayron had also given her his key before leaving, and she carefully made sure that it was still in her pocket. The ninth bell would not be far away and that was when she needed to open the door to let the City Watch in.

She turned to the other guard. The man smiled back at her.

"New here?" he asked.

She shrugged. "I guess so. Why?"

"You look tense, is all. Not used to the shady life?" He laughed.

Of course, the man did not know the real reason Sara was tense and she had no intention of telling him. He was a criminal like all the others. "You don't mind the work?"

He looked at her with curiosity. "Not at all. Why would I? I don't know the rich idiots we steal from." He narrowed his eyes. "Why? Do you?"

His hand flicked to the pommel on his sword. "I don't think you're to be trusted."

But Sara was not stupid. She would not have got into an argument that could jeopardise her whole plan without good reason. With the guard distracted she lunged for the door, hoping that she had got the time right.

She had. Just as she hauled open the lock the ninth bell rang. The other guard shouted, trying to grab her, but she was too strong and the door flew open. Before the criminal knew what was happening at least thirty members of the City Watch had rushed in through the doors. One of them grabbed him and put their hand over his mouth so he could not shout for help as they hauled him outside, under arrest.

Jayson followed up at the rear of the group, shouting orders, then noticed Sara. He smiled, jogging to stand next to her. "Good work, Dame Knight. The City Watch can handle it from here."

The guardsmen and women rushed into the warehouse, and shouts went up all around. Sara knew that the City Watch would be fine though, their superior training and arms when compared to a bunch of criminal smugglers would see them through. Suddenly Captain Reynolds, head of the smugglers, burst into sight, his eyes wide with shock as he ran headlong for one of the ropes that set off the trap system in the storeroom. He reached it just as two members of the City Watch apprehended him but he still managed to wrap his fist around the rope and tug it hard.

"Fools!" he shrieked. "Now everything will burn and you'll have nothing!"

But nothing burnt. The rope fell slack in his hand and he screamed in rage as he realised his trap had failed. The two guardsmen wrestled him to the ground, hauling him out of the warehouse. Then his eyes fell to Sara.

"You! Freya! You betrayed me!" he shouted, spittle flying from his mouth in pure hatred. "You bitch!"

Sara narrowed her eyes and stepped towards him. "My name is Dame Sara Illou, and I am a Knight of the Land," she said coldly. "Your operation is over and your days as a crime lord have come to an end, Reynolds. Enjoy your time in prison."

He didn't respond but Sara noticed the fear in his eyes when she announced who she really was. She didn't enjoy terrifying him but at the same time she was not about to let anyone speak to her like that, let alone a criminal.

She watched as the man was hauled away and felt a sense of justice inside her. She was an honourable knight and enjoyed seeing a job well done and a crime lord brought down.

All around her the warehouse was falling silent as the smugglers were arrested and dragged off to prison by the City Watch. Suddenly she remembered why she was there.

She hurried into the storeroom which the City Watch had managed to open and was pleased to see that it was still intact. Disabling the trap had worked perfectly. And there in front of her was the family sword that she had come all this way to help reclaim. She picked it up.

"That's Chloe's sword, I'm guessing?" she heard Jayson say from behind her, and she turned to him.

She nodded. "It is, yes." She held it out to him. "Do you want to return it?"

"You retrieved it, Dame Sara. I believe it should be you who returns it to Chloe."

Dame Sara bowed, and Jayson bowed back. "Thank you for all your help, Jayson," she said.

"And you for yours. We can take it from here."

Sara smiled and left the warehouse, knowing it was now in safe hands. She quickly hurried through the city to the inn she knew Chloe was staying at and it did not take long for her to be standing outside.

She nodded at the innkeeper as she rushed inside and he did not stop her, probably recognising her from her previous visit alongside Naomi. Sara remembered which door was Chloe's and was soon knocking on it.

The door opened and Sara's breath caught in her throat. Naomi answered looking as gorgeous as she had the first time Sara met her, although this time wearing slightly more. A blue dress with a deep v-cut revealing her impressive cleavage, and a belt tight around her waist.

Her red hair was straight and loose to her shoulders and Sara noticed the noblewoman's blue eyes flicking up and down her body. Sara was still only wearing her leather armour after all, which was very form-fitting. Last time she had seen Chloe the noblewoman was on all-fours, so she had not been able to gauge her height accurately but now she could see her properly it was clear that the redhead was about 5'3". She could also see that Chloe was likely in her early-twenties, a few years younger than Sara herself.

It was then that Chloe's eyes fell upon the sword and opened wide. She screamed in delight. "My sword! You found my sword!"

Sara bowed. "I did, my lady." She offered it out.

Chloe grabbed the pommel and whirled away back into her room, holding the sword aloft. She giggled with delight.

"I thought I'd never see it again! I couldn't go home without it, but I couldn't stay here forever. I didn't know what to do!" She turned to Sara. "Oh, Dame Knight, you have saved me. You don't know how much this means to me. You've saved me from being disowned by my parents."

"I must disagree with you there, my lady," Sara said. "Your parents' sole concern is seeing you home safe. That is why they sent me. Yes, I'm sure they would have been angry to learn you had lost the sword, but they would have forgiven you. They just wanted you home safe."

Chloe regarded her a moment. "You are right, Dame Knight. Perhaps I should have listened to you to begin with, but my embarrassment was too strong. I couldn't face my parents having lost the sword. But now, thanks to you, I don't have to." She held the sword up again, delight on her face.

"You must promise to return to your home as soon as possible, Chloe. For the sake of your parents," Sara said, knowing she was pushing her luck slightly. As a noblewoman, Chloe was of higher rank than her.

Yet the noblewoman didn't seem to mind. She nodded. "Again, you are right, Dame Knight." She grinned. "Does it bother you to always be correct?"

Sara laughed. "Not particularly, my lady."

Chloe placed the sword delicately down on the bedside table. She looked at it a moment, grinning, then turned back to Sara. "How can I ever repay you, Dame Knight?"

Sara's magic cunt flared as a thought came into her mind. She was so horny, but she was just about able to stop herself from voicing the idea.

"You do not need to repay me," she said. "It was my duty."

"Nonsense, even duty must be rewarded." Chloe stepped towards her and the look in her eyes made Sara's breath catch. "But I suspect you don't need money, Sara. And I may be a noble but I cannot give you a title higher than that you already have." The redhead reached Sara and placed a hand on her cheek. "But there is still something I can offer you..."

She moved her head close to Sara, her lips brushing Sara's ear. "You can have me, Dame Sara."

Her extreme horniness overtook her then and Sara kissed the noble heir passionately. The woman wrapped her arms around Sara's neck and kissed back, their tongues duelling as they moaned into each other's mouths.

Sara could not resist but let her hands slide over Chloe's body. She was gorgeous and before long Sara had grasped her big tits and was squeezing them delightedly. The globes felt wonderful in her hands and she felt the woman's hard nipples poking through the fabric of her dress.

Chloe broke the kiss then to unbuckle her belt and then grab her dress. She pulled it over her head in one motion and Sara groaned when she saw that the redhead was wearing nothing underneath. Her lover grinned, then stepped backwards until she bumped into the edge of her bed. Sara could only watch in lust as the woman pushed herself up onto the surface, then spread her legs apart.

Sara closed the distance immediately and moments later her head was buried between Chloe's thighs. She kissed the woman's delicious pussy, playing with her lips and clit. She licked and lapped at her lover's cunt and enjoyed each moan that her efforts drew from the redhead. She stared up at Chloe as she ate her and the noblewoman stared back, her blue eyes gazing down lustfully.

Soon the heir was rubbing her hips back against Sara's face and not long after that those blue eyes had rolled back as she came hard. Her juices leaked out around Sara's face and she kept licking Chloe's pussy as the redhead rode out her orgasm.

Yet Chloe did not seem to be done and Sara delighted in that. The redhead sat up, grabbing Sara's cheeks and kissing her hungrily. Then she grabbed Sara's armour, clearly desperate to remove it, and Sara let her. Soon she had joined Chloe in nakedness.

The redhead grabbed Sara's shoulders and guided her onto the bed. Soon Sara lay with her back flat on the mattress and Chloe kissed up her body with a delighted grin before straddling her waist. Sara reached up to grasp the woman's big tits once more before the redhead smirked at her then twisted away. Soon she had positioned herself above Sara in a sixty-nine.

Sara immediately started to hungrily devour Chloe's pussy, moaning into her folds as Chloe's tongue found her own. It felt wonderful, having such a beautiful woman pressed up against her, eating her pussy as well as anyone had ever done to her before. She passionately returned the motion, enjoying Chloe's frantic moans as her pleasure grew.

It did not take long for Sara to realise that she was heading towards release. She knew that she would come soon and from the noises Chloe was making her lover would join her. Chloe's body was tensing fast and Sara knew she was right on the edge.

Sara sucked the woman's clit into her mouth, swirling her tongue around it. She knew it had the desired effect as Chloe forced her hips against Sara's face and threw her head back. The moment had arrived.

"Oh fuck, yes!" the redhead screamed as she came. Sara grinned to herself with the realisation that Chloe was indeed coming exceptionally hard, but she did not think about it for long. That was because less than two seconds later her own orgasm erupted inside of her and she could barely think from the pleasure. It took a long time for their two orgasms to fade.

"I hope that was a suitable reward," Chloe giggled. "Though perhaps I enjoyed it too much for it be classed as a reward."

Sara laughed. The sword was returned, and she had completed her task. Another duty fulfilled.