 Dame Sara Illou, Knight of the Land, awoke to a knock on her door. The light was already streaming in through the window and she cursed under her breath. She'd overslept quite dramatically.

She jumped out of bed and jogged over to the door. She was wearing only her nightgown which wasn't particularly decent so she hoped whoever wanted her didn't mind. She grabbed the handle and pulled it open.

"Good morning, dame knight," grinned Jayson from the doorway, his eyes looking up and down her body.

She smirked back. "Good morning, Jayson. What can I do for you?"

"I came to fetch you. Captain Naomi would like to see you. To thank you for your services to Eriport."

"Tell her that I'll be there shortly."

"I'm afraid I can't do that," Jayson beamed. "I left the City Guard this morning to start a new life as Chloe's bodyguard. She and I get along... very well. It seemed to be a good career choice."

"I'm sure it will be," Sara laughed. "Though remember that you'll have to spend some of the time actually guarding her, rather than just fucking her non-stop."

Jayson smirked. "We'll see."

A moment's silence passed between them. Sara realised then how horny she was, as was always the case when she woke up. All this talk of fucking was doing nothing to help alleviate that.

After a second, Sara spoke. "So if you're not heading back to the barracks, where are you going?"

"To meet Chloe at her inn. Then we'll head off."

"Will she mind if you're late?"

A smile grew on Jayson's face and his eyes ran once more up and down Sara's body through her flimsy nightgown. "No, I doubt she will. After all, she doesn't even have to know why."

Sara's horniness was almost overwhelming at Jayson's salacious grin. "Good," she whispered. "Because I need you to fuck me."

Then she quickly grasped Jayson's tunic, tugging him into the room and shutting the door behind him. A wicked grin had spread across his face as she did so and she immediately kissed him deeply.

Their tongues pushed into each other's mouths and Sara let her hands busily undress the sexy guard, stripping him out of his armour. He did not stop her and soon he was naked before her. 

Sara moaned at the sight of him then giggled at his lustful stare as she grabbed her nightdress and pulled it off in one smooth motion, leaving her as naked as him. As the guard gazed at her glorious naked body with awe she started to drop to her knees but Jayson stopped her and she looked at him in surprise.

"No, I think I should be the one to pleasure you, dame knight," he grinned, grasping her ass and lifting her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist. "After all, I never thanked you for helping Chloe, or saving my city." Then he kissed her passionately and started to carry her to the bed.

When they reached it he dropped her down onto it then kissed her again, this time breaking it and starting to kiss down her body. He paused at her big tits, squeezing and kissing the globes, before travelling further until he pushed her thighs apart and started to hungrily devour her cunt.

Sara moaned at the feeling of him so expertly eating her pussy and it did not take long for her to be rubbing her hips back against his face. His tongue roved over her folds, alternating between teasing her sensitive lips and sucking her clit. His fingers pushed into her cunt, pumping in and out, and that was all the added sensation she needed. With a cry of pure pleasure she came hard against his face, her juices leaking out against his tongue.

Yet when she had climbed down the other side of her orgasm she knew that she wanted more. Her magic cunt was not satisfied - it wanted a hard cock inside her, and she did not think Jayson would mind offering her that.

She grabbed his cheeks, pulling him upright and then let her right hand wander down his body until it had wrapped around his hard shaft. He groaned and she ran her fingers delicately along its length before guiding him further onto the bed.

Soon he was on his back and she swiftly straddled him, grasping his cock and angling it with her magic cunt. She settled down, enjoying the way his green eyes rolled back at the feeling. For a moment she simply rested there but it did not take long for her to have started moving her hips.

Jayson stared up at her lustfully as she rode him. His hands wandered over her body and she enjoyed the feel of his touch. Her own hands were on his shoulders as she bounced, her movements growing quicker as her desire grew. Her breasts shook on her chest and it did not surprise when Jayson grasped the large mounds and squeezed them gently.

Suddenly he started to thrust his hips up into her body. Sara howled out in pleasure at the sudden change in sensation, her eyes opening wide in surprise and bliss. She let her fingers sink into his shoulders as his hips hammered up into her, and she could tell her orgasm was moments away.

She came seconds later, a rapturous cry torn from her lungs as bliss filled her, her magic cunt clamping down on his invasive member. Jayson followed a heartbeat afterwards, his eyes rolling back as he came, his hot cum spraying inside her womb, his hands gripping more tightly onto her big tits.

Eventually, they were done and Sara grinned as she slowly climbed off both Jayson and the bed. Soon they were dressed and she headed downstairs, paying the innkeeper the rest of her tab and informing him that she no longer needed the room. Outside, she collected Snowglide.

"Do you know when you're actually leaving the city, Sara?" Jayson asked when she had mounted up.

She shrugged. "Not really. Soon, probably. I have no other business here now that the sword is found."

"Then perhaps you can join Chloe and myself on the road, dame knight," the ex-guard smiled. "Our journeys will no doubt follow the same path, at least for a while, and I think the three of us could have some... fun."

Sara smirked. "That's a very good idea. I will try and catch up."

They finished their goodbyes and parted ways. Sara guided Snowglide through the crowds until she reached the guard barracks. She was pleased to be back in her mithril armour, even if some part of her had enjoyed how much the leather armour had revealed her exceptional figure.

At the barracks she left Snowglide with a stableboy and headed inside. The place was a hive of activity and excitement, clearly still buzzing with the breakup of the smuggler's ring the day before. She eventually reached the door to Naomi's office and knocked. "Come in!" called a voice from the other side. She stepped through to find the guard captain sitting behind her desk, working through a stack of parchments.

The guard captain was as gorgeous as ever, Sara noted. Her tight-fitting leather armour did little to conceal her slender curves and big tits, and her braided brown hair was back in a ponytail as always. Her hazel eyes regarded Sara with warmth, and maybe a little of something else. Despite having fucked Jayson not long before that naughty glint sent a shiver of horniness running through Sara. She was getting turned on all over again.

"Ah, I'm glad you could make it," Naomi said, standing and striding round the table to grasp Sara's hand and shake it. "I needed to thank you for helping my city." She glanced at the door, smirked, then shut it, clicking the lock before turning back to Sara. "I know just the way to do that."

Sara moaned as the woman stepped close and kissed her, the desire in her magic cunt flaring into burning lust. She hungrily kissed the brunette back, their tongues duelling as they slipped into one another's mouths, and her hands roved over her lover's tight leather armour.

She reached for the knots to the chestpiece and Naomi lifted her arms slightly to better allow Sara to undo them. But just as she pulled the first one loose, there was a knock at the door.

Naomi broke the kiss and glared at the door. "What is it?" she said loudly and irritably, unlocking the door and pulling it open. A young city guard stood there, looking slightly scared when confronted which his captain being so angry. "A shut door means I'm too busy to be interrupted, guardsman. I was in a very important meeting with a Knight of the Land."

"S... sorry, captain," he stammered. "I was sent to tell you that... that a man has turned himself in as a smuggler from yesterday."

Naomi sighed, glancing back at Sara with a small smile. "Very well, guardsman. Sorry for snapping at you, it's just that the meeting was... progressing nicely. Is this man in custody?" The guard nodded at Naomi. She continued. "Good, then bring him in."

"Of course, captain," he said, clearly relieved at her apology. He disappeared for a few moments, then re-emerged with another man in tow before leaving and shutting the door behind him. The newcomer had short brown hair and brown eyes, his hands bound together with rope, and as he came into the light Sara's breath caught.

"Dayron?" she asked, shocked.

He looked at her, his eyes going wide. "Dame Sara! I did not think to see you here."

"I could say the same for you, Dayron."

"You know this man?" Naomi said, facing Sara.

She nodded. "I do. I met him on my journey to Eriport, and then again at the smuggler's warehouse. He is a good and honourable man." She turned back to Dayron. "Why have you turned yourself in? You did nothing wrong."

"Is this true?" Naomi said, turning to Dayron. "Are you innocent?"

"I do not believe so, captain. Whilst I did not know what I was signing up for when I joined the smuggler's ring, I still joined it nonetheless. So I have turned myself in to face whatever justice is appropriate."

"You didn't know it was a smuggler's ring?"

"I was told simply that it involved employment as a guard, and the pay was good enough that I didn't mind taking one final job."

"One final job?"

"Yes, captain," Dayron said, nodding. "I have worked as a caravan guard for many years, ever since leaving this city. I was born here. I returned home to apply for the City Watch, as I wanted to settle down whilst still making use of the skills I had earned. When I arrived, I was approached, and I figured that a few weeks working as a guard wouldn't hurt, especially as the pay was so good."

"And that is when Dame Sara found you?"

"Yes, it is. She told me the nature of the business, and I was appalled. She sent me away from the warehouse, and when I heard the smuggler's ring had been broken up I was delighted, but I cannot simply pretend I wasn't a part of it, however briefly."

"It doesn't sound to me like much justice is necessary, Dayron," Naomi said. "You did not know what you were getting into, and left as soon as it became apparent what had happened. You have done nothing wrong."

Sara spoke up. "Whatsmore, captain, without Dayron we would have recovered none of the stolen items."

Naomi paused. "Oh?"

Sara nodded. "It was Dayron who disabled the traps that would have burnt down the entire warehouse. It was his help that made the whole operation viable."

"So in other words," the captain laughed, "not only does he not deserve to face justice, he actually ought to be rewarded?"

Sara grinned. "I'd say so, Naomi, yes."

She paused a moment, seeming to consider something. "Did you say that you intended to apply to the City Watch, Dayron?"

"I did," he said, nodding.

Naomi grinned. "One of my best guardsmen left today. I'm looking for a replacement. Welcome aboard, Dayron."

Dayron's face lit up. "Are you sure? Thank you, captain! I shall not let you down. Where should I go to begin?"

Naomi laughed. "Well, first we need to get you out of those bindings."

"I don't know..." Sara giggled. "I quite like him all helpless like that."

Naomi glanced at her, then grinned. "Why am I not surprised that you're thinking about sex, Sara? I bet you've, you know..." She glanced between Sara and Dayron. "You have, haven't you?"

"Fucked Dayron? Yes, Naomi. A few times, actually. Including once in the warehouse yesterday."

Dayron looked highly embarrassed. Naomi looked turned on. "Do you know how hot that makes me, Sara?"

Sara grinned. "I have an idea, Naomi, yes."

Dayron looked from one woman to the other, shocked. "Perhaps, um, I should leave?" he asked.

Naomi looked at him and raised her eyebrow. "You will do nothing of the sort, guardsman," she said sternly, stepping past him and locking the door. She started to untie his bonds. "No, I am your superior now, and you respond to my commands. My first command is this, Guardsman Dayron: join Sara and me in passionate sex. I will not be happy if you leave this room before I have come all over your cock."

Then she stepped round in front of Dayron and kissed him. His hands hovered for a moment, now freed, before wrapping around her body and kissing her back passionately. Sara watched on, horniness flooding through her from her magic cunt, before joining them. She started to undo the knots on Naomi's chestpiece, this time hoping she wouldn't be interrupted.

She wasn't and moments later she had pulled the armour from the brunette's body. Naomi broke the kiss and grinned at her, motioning with her eyes towards Dayron. Sara took the hint and moved behind him. Together they started to undress him. He did not stop them and soon he was totally naked in the guard captain's office. Sara moaned at the sight of his already-hard cock.

Suddenly Dayron was kissing her, and Sara pushed her tongue into his mouth. She felt his hands on her armour, then with a start a second pair of hands. She realised that Naomi had joined in. As soon as her chestpiece was removed Naomi's hands grasped and toyed with her big tits, and Sara moaned loudly into the kiss. It did not take long until she had joined Dayron in nakedness, leaving only Naomi clothed. That did not last long either as soon the guard captain was as nude as her companions.

"Get on the desk," Naomi commanded to her new guard, sweeping the parchments onto the floor to make space. "I'll pick those up later," she giggled. Dayron did not need to be told twice. Seconds later he was lying flat on the table, stroking his already-hard cock. Naomi looked at him with hunger then climbed on top of him, kissing him hard. Dayron reached up to fondle her dangling tits and the brunette moaned into their kiss before grasping his cock and lining it up with her pussy.

Sara watched on in awe as the guard captain sat down onto Dayron's cock, her pussy swallowing it up. Her eyes rolled back and she started to bounce her hips, moaning loudly. One the one hand Sara did not want to disturb the two of them but on the other she was so horny she thought she might burst.

"Don't just stand there, Sara," Naomi panted as she bounced her hips. "Dayron seems to have a perfectly good face you can sit on. You wouldn't mind, would you Dayron?"

He shook his head. "Not at all, captain. Sit on my face, Sara, and let me make you come."

She was not about to turn down that invitation and moments later she had positioned herself above Dayron's face. He let go of his captain's tits to instead wrap his arms around Sara's waist and tug her down onto him. She sobbed out in pleasure as his tongue found the sensitive folds of her magic cunt.

Then Naomi grabbed her head and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Sara let her do so and soon the two women were kissing as Dayron pleasured them. Sara could already feel an orgasm building inside her and clearly Naomi wasn't far off either.

The guard captain broke the kiss to moan loudly. "Fuck me, Dayron. Fuck me!" He obeyed, thrusting his hips up into the gorgeous brunette, bringing a scream from her lungs. "I'm fucking coming!" she cried, and Sara could see her body twitch as she came on Dayron's cock. Moments later, Sara came too, pleasure filling her.

Eventually their orgasms had faded and Naomi giggled as she pulled herself from Dayron's cock. He groaned in disappointment, being the only one of them not to have come yet, and Naomi laughed. "Do not be too unhappy, Dayron. It is Dame Sara's turn to have you."

Sara climbed from Dayron's face, then kissed Naomi hard, slipping from the table and pulling Naomi with her until the guard captain was perched on the edge. Sara started to kiss her way down the brunette's body until at last she came to her snatch, which she hungrily started to devour.

"The gods..." Naomi breathed, reaching out to grasp Sara's hair. "You're so good at that." Then she glanced over at Dayron. "Guardsman, I believe Dame Sara has a wonderful pussy that you should be fucking right now."

"I agree, captain," Dayron chuckled, quickly climbing from the table and moving to stand behind Sara. Then she felt his cock pierce her magic cunt and she sobbed out in pleasure into Naomi's snatch.

It did not take long for Dayron to be fucking her passionately and her entire body shook with the impact of his hips. Her big tits swayed beneath her and it did not surprise her when Dayron reached forward to grab them.

Naomi stared down at her with pure lust on her face, her hazel eyes flashing as she neared a second orgasm. She was rubbing her hips back against Sara's tongue and Sara hungrily ate her pussy, knowing it was pushing her towards the edge. Seconds later she was proven right as the guard captain came hard against her face.

Sara could not think about that for long, however, as an orgasmic thrill ran through her. She was so close, and judging by Dayron's groans, so was he. She started to push her hips back against his thrusts, enjoying the feeling of his cock stuffing full her magic cunt and his hands kneading her sensitive tits.

"I'm going to come," Dayron groaned.

"Do it!" Sara cried as her orgasm hit her. Pleasure overcame her and she felt Dayron's cock twitch as he bellowed out his own climax. She swore she could feel his seed spewing deep inside her, her magic cunt making sure that he came even harder than he normally did.

Eventually they were both done. Dayron slowly pulled his cock from her temporarily-sated cunt and she shakily pushed herself upright. Naomi remained sitting on the edge of the table, grinning at them both.

"Well, Dame Sara, all I can say is thank you for your services to Eriport. You are welcome back at any time, as an honoured guest of the city." Then she turned to Dayron. "And guardsman? Welcome aboard. I will expect you here promptly at the fifth bell tomorrow morning for more... training."

Dayron chuckled. "Of course, captain."

Sara smiled, reaching for her armour. If she left now she might be able to catch Jayson and Chloe on the roads home, and having company on a long journey was always nice.

She had enjoyed her time in Eriport immensely, but now it was time to head home.

THE END