 Damien had always loved a filthy woman. Nothing turned him on more than a true cock loving slut. He'd watched a lot of porn growing up and had become totally transfixed when watching a woman take multiple partners. He loved her enthusiasm on her knees sucking all the cocks in front of her. Being moved to the couch to be made airtight. The way the cocks flowed in and out of her ass, pussy and mouth all at the same time, rotating to always keep her working and satisfied.

He'd found he wanted the same thing in the women he dated. Regular sex just didn't satisfy him anymore. He'd been to his first gangbang with a stranger he'd met on an adult dating site. It was the best experience of his life! But the thing that had been nagging him for years was the idea of being the slut. He knew if he woke up a woman the first thing he'd do is find as much cock and suck and fuck his brains out. A real slut's feast! He loved being born a man and giving it to women like the ones in the movies. But he was always intrigued at the thought of being the slut, being the one with all the responsibility. The idea turned him on like crazy!

He was watching one of his favourite, sluttiest, pornstars greedily fit two cocks in her mouth with a large butt plug filling her cute ass. He'd constantly obsessed over the idea of tag teaming her with his mates and watching her smile as they covered her in cum. Or being her. Now that would be such a hot experience, giving herself to those guys. Swallowing them all, satisfying them. Being their little submissive sex puppet with slutty enthusiasm!

He jerked his cock just thinking about it. He was so close to cumming when suddenly the screen flashed unexpectedly and went blank. He furiously shook the mouse trying to get the movie back up but to no avail. The computer began to shake violently. There was a large flash of light and Damien was knocked off his chair and onto the floor. From out of the computer a figure started to emerge. Damien lay there on his back stunned. The flash subsided, in front of him stood a man in robes, completely okay with what had just happened.

"Hello Damien, no need to be alarmed. My name is Trist."

"What the hell is going on?"

"Simple. The galaxy is far more advanced than you've ever realised but we keep Earth the way it is for now, occasionally making ourselves known to a select few. We're trialling some out of body experiments right now and based on your thoughts, which we can read, and your search history over the years, you're our perfect candidate."

"Candidate for what?"

"Experiencing reality through another body. We gather that you clearly would love the experience of being a sexually provocative female. We're here to give you that experience. Not permanent of course."

Damien couldn't believe what he was hearing.

"Why me?"

"Your credentials fit perfectly into what we're looking for. We're planning an industry that allows anyone to experience all that they weren't born with. You'll be a free trial, so no payment is required. Simply ask us what you want to look like and when you want to change back just let us know. For the trial we'll give you one week to enjoy your time in peace, then we will come and change you back.

Damien was too horny to try and piece together everything.

"Sign me up!"

Trist smiled. 'It's all at your control, you can tell us what you want to look like as a female, or we can pick an idea based on your thoughts over the years. You'll then get to do whatever you would like for a week in her body, with your mind completely intact.

Damien thought for a moment but then realised he'd love the surprise of not knowing what sexy little vixen he would be controlling.

"You pick it, I'd love to see what my filthy mind can produce."

"We're all set. Lay down on your bed and close your eyes. You'll be unconscious for a brief time and when you wake you will be in her body"

Damien strolled to his bed and lay down, closing his eyes.

"See you in a week."

Damien woke suddenly unsure of how much time had passed. The change was immediate however. Looking down he noticed his newly defined chest almost immediately. Two large supple breasts stared back at him, completely naked like the rest of his body. His long brown hair nestled around his head as he explored his new arms and hands. He was tanned and extremely well-toned. He got up and went straight to his mirror. Staring back at him was one of the most gorgeous women he'd ever seen. 5"5 with a perfect figure and pornstar curves. This body was made for fucking and sucking, he knew it straight away. No man was going to resist him, he smiled.

And he knew just how to meet them. He quickly made a profile on his favourite adult dating site, took some sexy photos and made a profile calling himself Angelica. He looked up the man, James, who had helped organise the gangbang and immediately messaged him, seeing he was online. He typed.

"Hi sir, heard you were the person to talk to for arranging group events?"

He waited, but not for long, and a reply came.

"Hi Angelica, gorgeous photos! And yes, I have been known to organise wild times!"

"Perfect! Do you mind if I start out small and work my way up? I'd love to meet up with just two men to start with!"

"That can be arranged easily, in fact, I still have another night left over on a hotel we hired recently. If you'd like to meet me and a friend over there tonight that would work out perfect."

"Sounds like just what I'm after!"

"Meet us at 7, room number 149."

"See you there x."

This was it, it was arranged, and he was ready to experience what it was like to be the filthy slut for a change. He'd fed so many gorgeous sluts his cock over the years it was finally time to know what it felt like to be on their end. Clothes had magically appeared in his closet and he didn't question it for a second. He put on a black low-cut dress over some hot red lingerie. To his amazement his makeup had been done already. What perfect technology. And damn did he look slutty. Pornstar eyeliner and shadow with big lipstick red lips.

He made his way to the hotel by car, found parking and made his way to room 149. A little nervous, excited and completely horny, he knocked on the door. Seconds later it opened to the familiar sight of the two guys, James and Andrew, he had previously been fucking a slut with, a gorgeous nasty one.

"Hey gorgeous, come on in!"

"Gladly," Damien said, hearing his sexy female voice for the first time.

He gave him a hug making sure to press his new tits up against him. He led him into the lounge where the Andrew was sitting on the couch.

"Can we get you anything?'

"Vodka with anything, I'm ready to play."

The two men exchanged looks knowing what a hot little nympho they had on their hands.

"So how did you come about the site?"

"Honestly I'm new to town and need to get my cock fix list back on track. I hate going even a day without being filled with gorgeous cocks!"

The two men couldn't believe their luck. Damien new just what these men wanted to hear and played it perfectly. They finished their drinks and the two men sat either side of him. Their hands ran up his new thick female thighs and under his dress. One leaned and began kissing him deeply, his hand running over her tits squeezing, it felt amazing. Damien threw his hands to either side, feeling both their cocks through their pants, rubbing them perfectly. He kissed him back, feeling his tongue inside his new female mouth as he felt them both getting harder in their pants. He knew exactly how turned on both were. But not half as turned on and excited he was to try playing the slut for the first time in his life. He felt a hand rush up his thigh and start playing with his wet pussy, sliding inside while rubbing his clit. The shear pleasure shooting through his body tipped him over the edge. He had to return the favour

"Get your cocks out!"

They didn't need any convincing. They both unzipped in an instant and shred their pants off like they were on fire. Out sprang two equally hard cocks to the delight of Damien. He felt his nipples grow hard and pussy get wet as he dived down on to the first one he could get to, stuffing it down his new throat. He felt the warm feeling of a growing cock fill his slutty little mouth for the first time. And he loved it. He sucked on it over and over, gagging on it as it hit the back of his throat, tasting the first few salty drops of precum as the cock grew to its enormous size in his mouth. On his knees and bent over on the couch sucking cock, his ass in the air presented a perfect target. He soon felt the Andrew's tongue searching deep in his asshole as two hands massaged his perfect round ass. The combination of having his ass licked while sucking a warm cock in his mouth tipped him over the edge. He was ready to be the biggest, filthiest and sluttiest whore. he could ever dream to be.

The tongue quickened it flickering, he felt his ass being spread for better access as the tongue sunk deeper into his ass. A hand grabbed a fistful of his long blonde hair and forced his cock down his throat. The technology must have prepared him for this because her body could take it all the way down her throat with ease. And it tasted incredible. He bounced her head up and down, clearly turned on by her dreamy sluttiness. James took his cock out.

'Open your mouth,' he ordered.

Damien duly complied opening his mouth wide. He spat down his slutty new throat before ramming his cock back down his throat for a further round of throat fucking. A saliva covered finger entered his ass and it felt incredible. He wiggled his ass in anticipation as he felt a tongue connect with his clit. For the first time in his life he knew what it felt like and he never wanted it to end. The tongue flicked in perfect rhythm with the finger in his ass bringing him closer to what he could only think would be an intense first orgasm. His mouth was taken off the cock and he was forced face first into a pair of heavy balls. He immediately began lapping at them knowing full well how good it would feel. James jerked his cock and moaned as he worked his balls. He wanted to do more exploring, he forced the man to spread his legs as his tongue moved lower and deep into his ass. James jerked faster now, completely turned on by this slutty little thing filling his ass with her tongue. Damien looked up at him and smiled, he knew exactly how to be the whore these men desired. The tongue on his clit was soon replaced as a rock-hard cock pushed into his new pussy for the first time. He screamed out at the sudden burst of pleasure. His slutty female voice only encouraged a harder and prompter fucking from behind. His ass was slapped repeatedly as the cock in front of his face was soon reintroduced to his throat. Glistening with spit he wrapped his lips around it and proceeded to suck the soul out it, his perfect tits bouncing around as he was thrusted into from both ends on repeat. This continued until both men sensed he was about to cum. He was denied his first female orgasm however as the both took their cocks out of him and pushed him on his knees. Two hard glistening cocks were presented to him as he eagerly grabbed them, one in each hand, and proceeded to suck them one after the other like a good slut. They throbbed perfectly in his mouth as he coated them in spit, moans erupting above him as the two men tried to hold their cum down. Damien enthusiastically pushed the two men closer together before expertly fitting both their rock-hard cocks into his new mouth. His tongue circled both their heads, pressed together in his mouth, the two men above him couldn't believe their luck.

'You love your slutty little play thing don't you boys?' He said cheekily in between sucking their cocks.

'You're not leaving, we're fucking you forever!'

Enthused by the compliment he began deepthroating one cock while jerking the other, letting its smooth hardness explore the depths of his new well-trained throat. Alternating cocks he maintained a steady eye contact with his two hung trophies, learning his new mouth and what it felt like to have a cock swirling around in there.

'Guys.'

"Yeah?'

"I want your cocks in my ass.'

He had always wanted to know how it felt to take a cock in his ass and now was his big chance. The two men didn't hesitate for a second. He found himself bent over the couch as fingers and lube was pushed into his perfect little ass, helping stretch it open and warm it up. His mouth was soon gagged with Andrew's cock as he felt the head of the other pushing against his lubed-up ass, slowly stretching its way inside his warm treasure. It didn't take long before his body was again soaked in ecstasy as he felt the huge cock swell up as it drove over and over, deeper and deeper into his slutty little ass. Each forceful thrust brought the cock in his mouth further down his throat. He loved the sensation of having a juicy cock to suck on while being pounded in the ass at the same time. It felt incredible having two hot slithering cocks moving in and out of his slutty new body, he'd never felt a rush quite like it. Having a male mind in a hot little female body was a dream come true and he knew it. It didn't take long before both men couldn't hold it in any longer.

"All over my face please!"

He was forced on his knees, closed his eyes, shut his mouth and instantly felt repeated hot streams of cum screaming all over his face, dripping onto his perfect tits and landing in his hair. It felt incredible being the recipient for the first time. A just reward for his slutty efforts. He scooped up the cum in his finger and immediately sucked them clean before doing it again and again.

The two men slumped over on the couch exasperated

"Thanks for welcoming me to the city boys," he teased smiling and naked.

"How about I have a shower and then we go at it one more time?"

The two guys didn't even need to answer, he was already on his way to the shower thinking about round two.

Damien crashed into his bed smiling and worn out, but mostly completely satisfied. The two men had entered the shower shortly after it had started and took it turns fucking his hot little ass before cumming all over his face again before they were both finally worn out. He'd gotten dressed, told the men he'd see them again soon and made his way home. He crashed in bed almost instantly, had woken up to the sight of his glorious tits in front of his face. He smiled. He had a lot more plans to tick off before his week was over.