 Charlene danced slowly with Tom, leaning her head on his shoulder as they swayed to the slow, mellow jazz. They'd been seeing each other for a week, ever since Tom had come to drop off his three year old son at the daycare before going to work in the auto shop. 

He was a widower, ever since his wife had been broadsided by a delivery van on her way home from work one day, a year ago, in Ocala, Florida.

"Tom.... where are we going with this?"

He looked down at her, into her eyes. "Well.... I'm hoping you'll fall for me completely. I know I like everything about you.... and T.J. thinks you're his mommy reborn."

She smiled back. "He's a great little man. I don't think he really understands what happened to your wife."

"No.... you're probably right. He'd just turned two at the... the time of the accident. The hardest day of my life was leaving him with a sitter so he wouldn't have to go to the funeral."

"Are you sure? I mean, about us?"

"Honey, I need to move on, and so does my boy. I want him to grow up with two parents.... and I can't think of a better lady for the job. And I'll never tell Dan this, but the first time I met your sister, I almost asked her if there were any more like her at home." 

She slapped him, lightly, with the hand she had on his shoulder. "You're lyin' to me!"

"Nope. I thought Barb was the prettiest woman I'd ever seen... until you got here. I was attracted to you from the minute you got out of the truck, that first day." The look he gave her was so sincere, it would have put a Saint to shame.

She laid her head back on his shoulder, unwilling to let him see her eyes tearing up. She knew she WAS falling for him, and it wasn't just because he was such a good lover. He was quiet and reserved, and thoughtful to a fault; he was a great dad, from what she'd seen so far, and he wasn't a half bad cook. 

The first time they'd gone out, he'd brought her back to his place for something he called 'seafood sliders'.... patties of a ground mix of crab and lobster, grilled like hamburgers, topped with a slice of cheese and a small squeeze of tartar sauce in a hamburger bun.

"I see Dan and Barb have already left" he remarked as they swayed to the music.

Charlene nodded. "Marlene told me about it.... Dan had her go into their apartment while they were busy here, set everything up.... she says Dan didn't spare the expense. Barb is in for a special night.... he bought two bottles of Dom Perignon, five ounces of the best caviar, a bunch of other stuff. We've been hiding it at our place until tonight. My sis is one lucky girl... I saw some of the receipts for that stuff. This one night cost him a small fortune."

He walked her back to their table as the music ended. "You're kiddin' me, right?"

She smiled up at him as he pushed her chair in under her.

"No.... those bottles of champagne alone cost over three thousand dollars apiece, and Beluga caviar isn't cheap. He got it all off the internet; a bunch of it was imported." 

He sat back, lost in thought for a moment, wondering how he would top that... until he realized he wouldn't have to. Charlene knew Dan was rich, and he wasn't.

The band finished up the number they'd been playing with a flourish, and Tom looked at his watch. After midnight.... time to call it a night. He had a vintage Mustang to color-sand in the morning. 

"Well, hun, you want to go to my place for a nightcap? I think it's time to let Cathy go home and get some sleep."

Charlene nodded, knowing what that meant. She was actually a little surprised at herself... Barb was usually the one who went for white men; she'd always been just the opposite--the blacker, the better. Tom was different, though; he wasn't prejudiced, and treated her like a queen. He cooked for her, something none of the black boys had ever done for her, and he gave great footrubs. He called her beautiful, not 'fine as fuck', which her last boyfriend, back in Detroit, had. He'd held her hand during Barb and Dan's wedding ceremony, and whenever they parted, he'd give her firm hugs and light kisses, never trying to feed her the tongue unless she initiated it. 

She knew he wanted her tonight, but she knew, too, that if she wasn't in the mood, he'd wait until she was. She was in the mood, though, and feeling Very horny. He was in for a wild night.

It was a good thing he was so well hung.

Marlene, meanwhile, had left with Ronnie and was back at his place; they'd been introduced by Tom, who had informed her that Ron was one of his old SEAL team members. She could well believe it; the man looked about as solid as a brick wall. Six feet tall, a slightly darker shade of brown than she was, and a few years older than her, he'd been a refreshing change from some of the men she'd known, back in the suburb of Detroit that they'd lived in. He didn't subscribe to the 'Gangsta/thug' mentality, and he was articulate to a fault; if she hadn't known his true profession, she'd have sworn he was an English teacher, despite his serious physique.

Ron came back to the couch, set the two drinks down on the coffee table, and settled next to Marlene. 

"What kind of drinks are these? she asked, lifting an eyebrow. 

"One of my own concoctions.... I call it a Royal Screw Up."

He'd timed it perfectly; she was just taking her first sip, and giggled just as she was swallowing it.

"A What?!?" 

"A Royal Screw up. Half an ounce of Vodka, two ounces of fresh orange juice, half an ounce of Crown Royal Black, topped off with two ounces of 7-up."

She took another, experimental, sip. "Oh my God.... this is Great!" The juice and soda blended perfectly and masked the alcohol. She took another sip. "Are you trying to get me drunk?"

He smiled and wiggled his eyebrows, doing his best to convey the image of a black Groucho Marx, nodding. "Is it working?"

"Hell, no.... I'll drink you under the table! Besides," she continued, her voice softening, "You won't have to, you know."

"I should hope not. I don't drink to get drunk, myself."

'Something else that sets you apart from most of the guys I knew, back in Michigan', she thought as she took another small sip of her drink. Most of them used to think a forty of beer and a couple of joints were a requirement before trying to get her into the bed. Most of them never stood a chance, no matter how drunk or stoned she got.

"Where did you disappear to, during your sister's reception?"

"I set their apartment up, something Dan bought over the past few weeks.... he ordered an evening to remember for her off the 'net."

At his arched eyebrow, she continued. "Dom Perignon, Russian Caviar, Swiss Brie, a couple of her favorite concert DVD's. My sister's pretty lucky. He loves her a lot."

He nodded. That much had been obvious from the day he'd met the couple.... and while he usually didn't approve of mixed race couples in general, Dan and Barb were different. Ron had been shocked when he learned that the couple had met on the internet, a mere four months ago, and had met in person less than three months ago. The way they interacted, almost finishing each other's sentences, he had thought they'd known each other all their lives. The sign of a good match.

"I couldn't afford that... I'm afraid you'll have to settle for my twisted brand of cocktails."

She leaned over to kiss him on the cheek. "I love your bartending. What else are you good at?" she replied, with a saucy grin.

He turned and kissed her slowly, lightly, nibbling a bit at her lower lip. "I'll let you judge that for yourself."

They continued kissing, and Marlene took his hand, raising it to her breast. She wasn't as big as her sisters in the chest, but at 36 C, she still had a nice handful. 

He took the hint and began to slowly massage her full breast through the thin blouse, realizing she had left the bra behind, and felt her nipple harden through the cloth. She opened her lips, tracing his with the tip of her tongue, and he opened his mouth to recieve it, their tongues tangling in the age old dance as she felt the bulge in his pants grow at her touch. He looked into her eyes and saw that she was ready for him, and wondered, idly, just who was seducing who? 

Charlene sat back on Tom's couch, listening intently to the music he'd turned on. It literally defied description... it had started out sounding like a classical piece, but she could swear she heard a couple of guitars in the background, and the vocalist sounded like he had a blues background. "Who is this?"

Tom grinned. "Trans-Siberian Orchestra. They're kind of a.... fusion group, I suppose you'd call them. They take the best parts of all different kinds of music and blend it together. The guy who started it was in a speed metal band, but he wanted to, sorta, extend his range."

"Well, whatever it is, they're definitely making it work."

"Yeah, they do that... they've got one DVD out, I forget the title, it's a Christmas thing, but I can't watch it without breaking out in tears. It's that moving."

She had a hard time imagining this man crying over a movie, no matter how 'moving' it was, but she'd take his word for it. "Well, it's beautiful, whoever it is."

"Beautiful music for a beautiful woman."

"You old charmer.... " she breathed as her lips reached for his. She kissed him lightly, quick meetings of the lips that quickly became meetings of the tongues, him rubbing her back lightly as they locked lips, feeling her sucking on his tongue as his hands moved lower, pulling her onto his lap as their foreplay got more urgent. 

"MMmm... Baby, you DO know how to treat a woman." she murmured as he continued to massage her back, all the way down to the crack of her ass. Her hands were busy, too, running her fingers through his hair as their tongues dueled.

"Only a woman I'm falling for, hun..."

"How do you think T.J. will take us being together?"

He chuckled. "I think he'll be calling you 'Mommy' in a week."

She gave him a wan smile. "It's funny.... I used to think I'd never be ready for that. I wasn't sure I'd ever want kids.... but if he calls me 'Mommy', I think I might start crying."

"I'll let ya in on a little secret... he did, once, already. I asked him how his day was, one day last week, and he said "Momma Char taught me to paint with my fingers!"

She smiled ruefully, nodding. 

"I remember that day.... took three rounds of shampooing to get the paint out of my hair, and my blouse looked like something out of a Hippie commune!"

He grinned back at her, replying "I didn't know you were into body painting.... I guess I'll have to put that on my to-do list."

"Oh, hell, no! I don't get into all that kinky shit!"

He leaned in and kissed her, long and slow, and said "Well, Dear, what about normal, straight up sex? I'm hungry, right now, and you're looking deee-liscious." as he reached for the buttons of her blouse. 

She started unbuttoning the bottom buttons as he worked his way down from the top, and their hands met in the middle; he squeezed her hands gently for a moment before pulling her blouse back and off, revealing the white Demi-bra she'd worn to support her 34D's.

She, meanwhile, took hold of the dark blue T-shirt he'd changed into when they'd gotten here, pulling it up and over his head and flinging it aside. He returned the favor by reaching behind her, blindly, and unhooking her bra, laying it across the back of the couch, burying his face in her cleavage while his right hand sought out the button of her slacks. She lay back against the couch cushions, enjoying his oral ministrations even as her hands found the button of his dress pants and unhooked it, pulling down on his zipper and reaching in to fish out his hard cock. 

He was busy, meanwhile, insinuating his hand into her dress slacks, delighted by the fact that she apparently hadn't bothered with panties, his middle finger finding and gently rubbing her hardening clit, eliciting a long moan and a slightly tighter grip on his cock from her. He continued to lick and nibble at her dark brown nipples, even as his finger found her unfurling pussy lips and found it's way inside of her, rubbing at her G-spot. "Oh, Babe, you DO know how to treat a woman!"

He pulled his face from her mocha-brown tits and smiled at her, reaching up to kiss her urgently, and replied. "You treat me well, too, hun.... but I think maybe we should grab our clothes and move this to my bedroom... I don't want Tommy getting up for a drink of water and catching us." She smiled and nodded. "You're right... we don't want him getting any ideas."

Ron and Marlene moved to his bedroom, where she quickly shucked her party dress, while he got out of the light suit he'd worn to the wedding, carefully laying their clothes across the desk chair where he did his writing, and hitting the small, desk top stereo, filling the room with some old Motown from a CD he'd burned a few weeks ago. Setting the player to randomly shuffle the mix, he walked around the bed to take her now-naked form in his arms, kissing her hungrily as her arms flowed up to join behind his head.

"You know, I usually don't do this." 

"What? Make love with a man you've only known a few weeks?"

"Yeah.... I usually make 'em wait a bit longer."

"Well, Baby, if you wanted to wait a while longer, you know I would have gone along with you."

"I know.... I think that's part of the reason I didn't make you wait for it."

He smiled, kissing her again, slowly, their tongues twirling together as he turned them both, sitting down on the edge of the bed and drawing her down until she was sitting sideways on his lap. She could feel his hard cock against the backs of her thighs, just at the crease of her ass cheeks, and wondered, idly, if he could feel the moisture dripping from her steaming cunt.

She wriggled around until she was straddling his lap, his hardness poking up between them, kissing him long and slow while he kneaded her left tit with one hand, caressing her asscheek with the other, running her fingers through his short hair while she sucked at his tongue. He laid back on the bed, pulling her back with him and pushing against the floor with his considerable leg muscles to bring them both to the middle of the bed. Breaking the long kiss, he looked deep into her eyes.

"Move on up here, hun... I want to taste you."

She looked down at him, mildly startled... not many of the black men she'd been out with had ever eaten her pussy; she'd usually had to find a white man if she wanted that. She didn't hesitate, though, and the two of them moved around on the bed until they were both fully on the mattress, her straddling his face and leaning forward to take his hard eight incher in her hot and willing mouth.

Ron ran his tongue over her open lips slowly, finding her already very wet, and tasted her for the first time. She had a bit of a strong taste, but not unpleasant, and he moved his tongue to her clit, eliciting a small gasp from her. 

"Oh, yeah, honey, that's the spot! Eat my pussy!" She moaned, before taking his cock back into her mouth, licking slowly as she took more of his length in. 

He fluttered his tongue across the little nub of her clit lightly, quickly, feeling her squeeze her thighs against his ears as her first orgasm approached. Moving an arm around, he snuck two fingers into her hole, seeking and finding the spongy tissue of her G-spot as he continued to lap at her now fully-exposed clit, feeling her shudder as she came. She sucked hard at him as she bobbed her head, fucking her own mouth with his hardness as she came into his willing mouth, drilling him into the back of her throat again and again. Finally, she felt his nuts tense, and took him all the way to the back of her throat as the first jets of his hot cum spewed from the head of his dick, hitting the back of her throat. She swallowed as fast as she could, but it was too much, and a small dribble escaped her lips. After the last spurt, she pulled back for a second, licking her lips, then went back to clean anything she'd missed, licking all over his balls in the process.

Once they were in Tom's bedroom with the door closed and locked, Charlene turned to him, once again unbuttoning his pants and pulling them and his boxers down in one smooth motion, his hard on springing free and catching her in the cheek, leaving a light trail of pre-cum in it's wake.

She smiled and pushed him back towards the bed and unbuttoned her own dress slacks, letting them fall to the floor and stepping out of them as she moved toward him. Laying beside him on the bed, she reached her head toward his, kissing him slowly.

"You know, Char, I'd like to make this permanent."

She stopped and drew back a bit, to look into his eyes. "Are you sure, Babe? I mean, are you really sure?" 

He nodded. "Absolutely. You're beautiful, you're good to me, you're wonderful with Tommy.... and I love the way you feel in my arms. We're good together, Honey." Rubbing her back slowly, he gazed into her eyes and continued. "I'd love to have you all to myself. I love what's in your heart."

"Well.... I love you, too, but I'm not sure I'm ready to be married, just yet.... How about if we live together for a while, first? Give it a six month trial run, see what happens?"

He was a little disappointed, but nodded anyway. "Ok... We'll try that first. I'm going to ask you again, though."

She smiled and nodded. "I know you will... I just don't want to rush things."

He grinned back at her and replied "Ok... now, I thought we came in here for something else entirely?" as his mouth reached for a nipple. As his mouth enclosed her brown peak, he fluttered his tongue across her nipple, causing her to shiver a bit in pleasure. She reached down with one hand, stroking his hard cock lightly as the fingers of her other hand ran through his thick hair.

His own hands were busy, too, one massaging her other breast while the other dove between her thighs, his middle finger probing her leaking pussy as his thumb massaged her hardening clit. She moaned in building ecstasy, knowing her first orgasm of the night wasn't far off, and pulled his face from her breast to kiss him eagerly. As their tongues swirled together, she adjusted her position and mounted him, driving her swollen pussy lips down around his hardness, riding him like a stallion, marveling at how deep he filled her, feeling the head of his cock banging against her cervix at every downward thrust. 

Marlene lay back, enjoying the afterglow of the several crushing orgasms Ron had given her. She looked deep in the eyes of her new lover, wondering, idly, if her sisters felt half as good as she did right now. 

Ron rolled to his side for a moment, grinning slightly. "Ready for round two?"

She opened her eyes about half way again, smiling at him and nodding. She started to roll over onto her back, but he grabbed her leg and stopped her. Pulling her left leg over his shoulder, he kissed the inside of her calf as he guided his hardness between her engorged pussylips sideways, slamming into her to the hilt in one hard thrust. 

"OOOhh! Yeah, baby.... that's gooooodd...."

He started thrusting into her slowly, methodically, making each stroke count, slowly gaining speed as her moans grew in volume. 

"Ohhhh.... fuck me, Ronnie! Fuck me HARD!"

He was panting like a freight train now, sliding in and out of her as fast as he could, one hand holding firmly to her ass cheek as the other set at the top of her pussy, diddling her clit with his thumb. She came again, hard, moaning her pleasure as she did her best to squeeze his cock off from the awkward angle he'd locked her into. Finally, he couldn't take anymore, blasting her insides with his cream as she moaned in yet another orgasm, nearly passing out from the intensity of it.

Charlene groaned as he shifted her until she was on the bottom, then began to hammer into her tight, wet pussy with long, fast strokes, battering the mouth of her cervix as he slammed into her. She came again, howling out her pleasure as he piledrived into her, finally slamming into her as deeply as he could and stopping as his cock exploded deep inside her, leaning forward to kiss her hungrily as he spewed his load. 
