 The next day, in Scottsdale, Dan and Barb made their way through the staging area, closely examining several of the vintage cars. The morning of the first day was always set aside for inspection; giving potential bidders a chance to look over the cars up for auction, talking to the current owners, and checking out the reserve prices. 

He found the cars he'd been interested in, along with a few more, including a fully documented 427 '67 Corvette, a nice '69 Mustang with a big block, and a Hemi powered '69 Charger that was numbers-matched and absolutely pristine. 

He wound up getting all three of the 'Vettes, the Ferrari he'd had his eye on, the '70 Shelby Mustang, and then, on a whim, bought an unrestored '65 Mustang convertible that Barb had gushed over when they'd seen it in the sale line the day before, making a show of presenting her with the keys and paperwork to the baby blue Pony car. 

"Dan, are you serious?!"

"Absolutely, Baby... you gave me the greatest wedding gift you could think of, on our wedding night." He replied, patting her on the ass... and causing her to blush furiously. "This is my wedding gift to you."

He changed his mind, contracting with a car hauler who used enclosed trailers to haul all six of the cars to the warehouse in Wyoming, making sure each one was insured to the maximum amount, and calling ahead and telling Mary Coltrane, who was currently manning the phones in the office there, to expect them and to park them in an out of the way area of the rented space until he and his wife got back. They had dinner at a local surf and turf restaurant, then retired to the motel suite for the evening, though both were too worn out from the day's activities to do much more than cuddle up, kiss a few times, and fall asleep in each other's arms. 

The next morning, though, was a bit of a different story. 

Dan stirred awake to see his wife in the small kitchen, making coffee. Two bags from a local supermarket chain showed that she'd been up for quite a while as he had slept on.

She turned, seeing his eyes open, and said "Mornin' Sleepyhead! I took the Chevy, got us some breakfast." nodding towards the bags on the small table. "Coffee, sugar, milk, and a box of donuts.... plus a few of those microwave breakfast biscuit sandwiches."

"MMMM.... C'mere', babe."

She finished setting up the coffee pot and started it up, then came over and sat on the edge of the bed, where he could wrap her in his arms.... which he did, nuzzling her breasts through her light T-shirt. 

"You're too good to me, Honey."



She stroked the back of his head for a moment. "Alright now, enough of that. Get up and get something to eat first, Dear.... I desperately need a coffee before you start any o' that!"

"Ok.... I just hope you remembered that we didn't bring any coffee mugs with us!"

"Got it covered.... I picked up two nice ones at the Dollar store next to the market, and talked 'em into throwing in a few plastic spoons from the ice cream stand they have inside the store. We're all set, baby."

When she handed him his coffee, he was startled to find that the mug had an inscription on it.... 'Number one Dad'. Looking at hers, he saw that it read 'Cause I'm the Mommy, that's why!'

.

He peered at it skeptically, then shot her a look. "Tryin' to tell me something, sweety?" 

She grinned back at him and replied "Well, honey, we're Preppers, aren't we? Relax, my last shot is still good for another few months. I just saw these and figured we'd need them, sooner or later. Besides, they were the biggest mugs they had, and you know I don't like those little pissant teacups."

They finished eating, threw the trash in the wastebasket, and as Barb was washing the coffee mugs, he stepped up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and nuzzling her neck, just below her ear. Before long, she gave up, whispering "You're incorrigible!"

"Just part of my charm, Dear," he answered, reaching up with one hand to squeeze her breast as his other hand moved lower, caressing her groin, pressing his hardening cock into the crack of her ass. Within moments she was whimpering in lust, and he walked them both over to the side of the bed, tugging at the hem of her T-shirt as they sat down. 

Freeing her substantial breasts, he reached for a nipple with his lips as she stroked her fingers through his hair, moaning in pleasure as he suckled and nipped at her chocolate brown tits, then pushed him away for a moment so she could push her shorts down. 

He, meanwhile, quickly shucked his pants and underwear, and held his arms out to her from the edge of the bed. She took a step forward and pushed him onto his back. He smiled at his wife taking control, wondering, idly, what would come next, as he shifted around until he was lying fully on the mattress. 

He didn't have long to wait, as she got up on top of him, knee-walking until he was staring straight into the winking eye of her already wet pussy. Giving her a short, slow lick, he found her clit and started fluttering his tongue over it, then pulling back a bit to lick up and down her unfurling pussy lips, once again returning to her engorged clit, sucking it lightly between his lips, which brought a deep groan from her. She turned around and leaned forward to take his hard cock in her mouth. Licking and sucking her way down until her nose was being tickled slightly by his pubic hair, then bobbing back up, she proceeded to give him one of her fantastic blowjobs as he tried his best to keep up with her gushing nectar, to the point that his chin and cheeks were covered in her juices. 

She knew he was getting close, but didn't want to end it there, and suddenly jumped off him, moving down until she was straddling his hips, and plunged down on his hardness, taking him, reverse cowgirl, to the hilt in one thrust, riding him hard, until he reached up and grabbed her hips and started thrusting back at her. Soon they were slamming into each other with almost bone-crushing force. She came again, hard, leaving his balls and thighs awash in her juices, and in moments, he unleashed his jets of cum deep inside her, painting the walls of her cervix with his sperm as he held onto her waist for dear life. 

Finally, both of them thoroughly spent, she turned, climbing off of him and laying down beside him, burying her head in the crook of his neck as she sighed deeply. "How did I get so lucky?"

He smiled, kissing her on the forehead. "I could ask you that question, love. I'm just glad we found each other."

After 'breakfast', they decided to go back to the auction, which was in the second day of it's three day run, and see if anything else caught their eyes. 

There was, once again, a wide variety to choose from, but Dan's attention was caught by two in particular, a '69 GTO Ram Air IV 'Judge' convertible, and a '70 Jaguar, XK-E type, both of which had undergone 'rotisserie' restorations. He eventually got both, but the GTO hit him for nearly three quarter of a million dollars... a steal, considering it was fully documented, numbers matching, and one of only five built.

The Jag was much cheaper, 'only' costing him fifty thousand. Once again, he contracted with a shipper who used enclosed trailers, but not before making sure both cars were, again, heavily insured. 

That afternoon, once all of the new cars were on their way to their new home, they bid Scottsdale a fond farewell, packing up and heading to Vegas for the next leg of their honeymoon.

On a few of the long, straight stretches of the deserted highways, he let the big Chevy stretch it's legs, pushing the big engine to it's limit, not surprised that the speedometer pegged at a hundred and twenty miles an hour. If ever there were a time that he could have wished for a digital speedometer, this was it, as he was sure they were topping out at well past a hundred and forty. The three hundred mile trip took them barely four hours. 

Pulling up to the Valet parking area of their hotel, Dan looked on in amusement as three young kids fought over which of them would get to park the classic Chevy, but an older man, obviously a supervisor, overruled them and stepped up.

Handing him the keys, Dan looked closely at him and remarked, "I don't have to tell you not to do any burnouts with her, right?"

The old man gave him a look of mock disappointment, winking at him, and replied, "No sir.... that's why I stepped in. One of these kids clipped a support pillar with a brand new Lamborghini last week. It's costing the hotel nearly a hundred grand to get it fixed."

"I'm surprised he still has a job."

The older man grinned.... "Who do you think is paying the extra insurance premiums? He's on probation now, and he's lost a quarter of his pay. Why do you think he wanted this one? Classic cars usually mean big tips."

Dan grinned, slipped the man a twenty, and followed the porter who was carrying their bags inside, taking his wife's hand as they walked to the registration desk. 

As the Concierge stepped forward, he said "Reservation for Archer."

"Yes Sir... I see you've reserved a suite." he replied as he looked it up on his computer. Shooting a look at the porter, he continued, in clipped tones. "Nine fourteen." handing over two keycards.

Brad Mitchell and his wife, Sally, watched intently as the Native Hawaiian showed them coffee beans, still on the bush, in varying stages of ripeness. They'd been here nearly a week, and had learned a lot. Today was their 'final exam'; they were picking beans that would be roasted overnight and ground in the morning to be the coffee they would drink with their breakfast. They also learned about the art and science of growing coffee; how the coffee bushes were pruned, what they were fertilized with and what were considered suitable alternatives, and the optimal growing conditions. 

When the two week class ended, they moved over to the big island, with school certificates in hand, which stated that they were both now certified coffee growers, and they took up residence in a beachfront hotel, enjoying a week of surf, sun and relaxing on the beach--at least, that was the plan.

The first day there, Brad went to one of the beachfront shops to rent a surfboard, only to find the manager closing up shop. He looked at his watch--it was only 9:30 in the morning.

"Bit early for lunch, isn't it?"

The manager turned to him, a look of mild worry on his face. 

"Sorry, Dude.... I've been shut down by the Beach Patrol. Shark sighting." He nodded out towards the surf. 

Brad turned to look, but saw nothing. He turned back to look quizzically at the store manager.

"Try these." The manager said, handing him a powerful pair of binoculars. 

Putting them to his eyes, he scanned the surf; sure enough, fifty yards or so off shore, he caught sight of a large triangular fin cutting it's way through the waves.... scanning slowly from side to side, he counted three more, widely spaced. They were all big, and they were moving fast.

"What's brought them so close to shore?" 

"They're feeding.... this whole area, there're all kinds of fish. This happens a few times a month. They'll eat their fill, then move on... be gone in a few days.... I hope. They're bad for business."

"Why not just go out, shoot a few of them, warn the others off?"

"Won't do any good.... they'll feed on the ones you shoot, then go back to eating the gamefish. Any human who steps in the water is walking right into their territory. We've had a lot of people get bitten in less than four feet of water. Those are Makos.... very mean, very aggressive.... almost as deadly as a Great White."

"Ok, well, thanks for the heads-up."

"No problem, Brother man... stay safe."

Walking back to where Sally was just laying out their towels, he broke the news to her. She took it well, though. 

"Well, that's ok... we're in Hawaii.... there's lots of things to do. Didn't you say something about going out fishing on one of those charter boats?"

"That's true.... and I want to go to Pearl Harbor, go to the Arizona memorial. How many shots do we have left on the camera?"

"Doesn't matter... I've still got two clean memory cards, so we're good to go."

They spent several hours at the somber memorial, taking numerous pictures, then decided to take a helicopter tour of the island, joining another young couple in the converted 'Huey' military surplus chopper, which had been fitted with plush leather seats, thick carpeting, and extensive sound deadening materials, and seeing the sights from an entirely new perspective. 

The pilot spoke through their headphones as he flew, making a point of flying over the beach area they'd been at a few hours ago, pointing out the sharks that were still cruising the waters just off the beach. He pointed out six, total, some as close as forty yards from shore, estimating them at anywhere from eight to thirteen feet in length. 

"Either Makos or Tigers, folks, and yes, at that size, they're definitely maneaters. Aren't you glad you didn't go swimming today?"

Sally shuddered at the sight of them. "We were at that beach a few hours ago." She said into her mic. "The beach patrol told us it wasn't safe."

The pilot nodded. "Good thing you listened to them.... a guy lost a good chunk of his leg a few months ago, in that same place. Not much more than ten feet from the beach."

They flew back over Pearl Harbor, getting some good shots of the entire length of the Arizona, the stately battleship that was the tomb of many sailors to this day, and the debris fields from other ships that had been sunk, raised, rebuilt, and had gone on to play their parts in hurling the Japanese back to their little island. 

Back on the ground, they learned that the young couple, Jim and Roberta 'Bert' Crenshaw, were staying at their same hotel, and they had lunch together, along with what started out as one drink and turned into several. 

At some point, Roberta admitted that they were swingers, while Jim looked on, grinning.... he knew where this was going. His young wife was obviously interested in the slightly older couple, and it wasn't long before the four of them were headed to Brad and Sally's suite.

The only thing Jim wasn't sure of was which of the Mitchells his wife was more interested in, Brad or Sally. 

He knew which one held his interest.... Sally had a fine ass. 

Once in the suite, Brad mixed up drinks for all of them from the complimentary bar, and they sat for nearly an hour, drinking, listening to the radio, and telling each other their stories. Jim pulled out several joints of some local pot, and everyone was pretty well lubricated by the time Bert came over, settling next to Sally, resting a hand on her thigh while asking if she'd ever 'spent time' with another woman. 

Sally gave her a bit of a goofy grin while replying that, no, she hadn't, but the thought had crossed her mind once or twice, surprising herself almost as much as she surprised her husband. 

Bert leaned over, kissing her lightly, slipping her tongue into Sally's mouth, who returned the kiss energetically. Before long, the two women were undressing each other, while the two men sat and watched, giving the ladies their full attention.

When Bert knelt between Sally's thighs, lifting her legs and kissing Sally's gaping cuntlips, Brad shucked his shorts and moved behind Bert, feeding his now stiff cock into her dripping pussy, while Jim moved around behind the low backed sofa, feeding Sally his own hard dick, groaning as she started deep throating him.

Bert was soon having a hard time keeping her willing tongue in contact with Sally's clit, as Brad fucked into her hard with short, rapid strokes, but she gave it her best.... 

Sally, meanwhile, was close to gagging on Jim's eight inches, which was a bit thicker than her husband's. Jim realized her difficulty and backed off a bit, allowing her to set her own pace. Bert backed away from Sally's clit for a moment, turning her head long enough to tell Brad "Put it in my ass, honey!"

Brad grinned, pulling out of her steamy cunt and sliding slowly into her rectum, going slow at first, until she started bucking her hips back at him, urging him to fuck her harder. He was happy to comply, picking up speed until he was slamming into her as hard as he could, and she gave up on trying to eat Sally's pussy.

Sally moved around on the couch until she was laying on her belly, her ass hanging off the end, and Jim took her up on her invitation, sliding his hardness into her exposed ass, something she hadn't been expecting. She gave a little shriek as he bottomed out in her bowel and started giving it to her in long, fast strokes. Within moments the extra stimulation had her cumming hard and fast. 

He wasn't far behind, and was soon spraying her insides with his cum, before pulling out of her, his shrinking member letting loose one last squirt on her ass cheeks.

Sally lay still for a few moments, them got up, walking to the bathroom to get a wet washcloth to clean them all up with, returning just in time to see her husband slam into the busty young redhead's ass one last time, then holding tight to her generous DD cup tits as he deposited his own load deep in her bowels.

She wiped Jim's cock down slowly, before turning to do the same for Brad, then turning to Jim's young wife... but when she reached down to wipe up the mess leaking down the crack of her own ass, Bert pushed her hand away, burying her face between Sally's ass cheeks and licking up the leaking semen and drilling her tongue in, looking for more. She moaned in renewed pleasure as Bert's tongue invaded her sphincter, spreading her legs a bit and leaning forward, holding on to the edge of the couch and kissing her husband furiously as the younger woman licked her clean.

Brad responded with a renewed hard on, and Bert abandoned Sally's ass to fill her mouth with his hard dick as Jim moved between Sally's legs, licking at her clit with renewed vigor. She responded with a moan, moving around to join him in a long, slow 69, and Bert followed suit with Brad, feeding him her shaved quim as she munched on his hard cock. 

Sally flooded Jim's face with her own orgasm, then jumped up to slide her willing pussy over his hard cock, and Brad, having brought Bert to several moaning blasts, moved over behind Sally, intent on her exposed ass, sliding in her back door, feeling Jim's cock through the thin membrane of tissue that separated her pussy from her rectum.

Bert came over, sitting on Brad's face as Sally rode his hard cock, kissing Sally and fondling her full tits, and soon the four were so entangled that it was hard to tell where one body ended and another began.

Dan and Barb settled in at the hotel/casino, and Barb went in to take a quick shower, while Dan ordered room service. She was more than a bit surprised, then, when the shower door slid aside and her husband stepped in behind her.

"I figured you might want someone to wash your back." he replied to her querying look with a grin. She smiled back.

"Uh huh... and you like it when I'm all slippery."

"There is that, too." he admitted with a sly grin, rubbing a soapy hand between the cheeks of her ass. She thought she knew what was coming next, and he didn't disappoint her, using the slickness to slide his hard cock into her tight ass. She finished rinsing her hair quickly, barely in time to catch her balance by putting both palms to the shower wall as he started putting it to her in earnest.

"Oh, God, honey, give it to me... fuck meeee!" she squealed as he picked up speed. Soon she was bucking her hips back at him with each stroke. He couldn't sustain the pace for long, though, and blasted what felt like a quart of sperm into her impossibly tight ass.

She yelped as her own orgasm overtook her, shuddering in ecstasy as waves of pleasure cascaded through her. He held her tightly, one hand on her breast while another caressed her gaping pussy, his thumb rubbing her clit lightly as they both caught their breath. He kissed her wet shoulder, then her neck, moving slowly up to her earlobe as he murmured "I love you, Babe."
