 Within a week, they had observation posts set up all around the enemy camp, and were gathering large amounts of intel about the place. They knew which buildings were barracks, where the motor pool was, which ones were used as storage of one sort or another, and where the mess hall was. The base Commander's quarters was in, roughly, the center of the compound, with his Lieutenant's quarters right next door.

Still, there was one building whose function eluded them, for more than a week; most of the officers seemed to visit it at least once or twice a day, never at the same time, nor for more than thirty or forty minutes, and usually for not more than fifteen. 

Ron Willis was in the camoflaged tent that was facing this building when it revealed it's secret. 

Half a dozen Chinese walked up to the building, two of them carrying a large covered basket of sorts. As they entered, Ron heard muffled, unintelligible shouts coming from inside.

Outside, another pair of soldiers were hooking up a pump of some sort with a firehose attached, connecting an intake hose to what appeared to be a water tower.

He watched in growing anger as a line of women, seventeen in all, were led out of the building. They were chained together with leg shackles and completely nude. They ranged in age, from what Ron could tell, from about twenty to perhaps thirty five years, and all appeared to be American. 

When the women were all lined up in front of the building, the pump was started up and water began jetting from the nozzle, hosing the women down, most of whom began scrubbing at themselves with their bare hands. After about five minutes of this, they were led back inside, and as they turned their backs to him, Ron could see plainly that several of them had bedsores on their backs and buttocks. He surmised that they were likely chained to their beds most of the time and were there for the soldier's 'use'. 

He eyed the silenced .270 sniper's rifle for a moment, but the words of his CO came back to him.... 'No contact'. He growled in frustration while taking careful note of the faces of the officers.

'Oh, yes' he thought, 'There WILL be a reckoning.'

Ron gave his report to the council, seeing all of them growing angrier by the minute. When he mentioned that he'd wanted to shoot the Chinese on the spot, Jim Archer nodded. 

"I'm glad you didn't, but I know what you mean... not sure I'd have been able to control myself that well."

He took a long, slow sip of coffee and rubbed his forehead with one hand. He hadn't been sleeping too well lately, given the reports he'd been reading and hearing. He knew they would have to act soon; it was late summer, and soon the fall rains would be upon them. He didn't want his teams slogging through the mud; that would mean leaving a trail that a blind man could follow. 

"Ok, folks.... We're going to need a full scale assault, here.... the first thing we need to do is take out these guys in the towers and anyone who's out and about inside the compound. Silenced rifles only, and we need to be a good distance away, just in case. A five minute wait, then, to see if anyone is awake to raise an alarm. If there's anyone in that women's building, we need to know about it before we move."

"Good thing these little yellow bastards don't seem to have much stamina." Ron quipped, to chuckles all around.

Jim favored him with a wry grin. "Indeed. After we take out the guards, we want to shoot out the lights... all of them at once, so we're going to need headset radios, I think. How many people do you think we'll need, for each side of the fence?"

Tom Davidson spoke up.

"I'd say, for each length of the fence, maybe fifteen people. Two shooters for each guard tower, two for each light, and the rest to take out foot patrols, if there are any. Two people armed with wirecutters to take down sections of the fence, then we invade the three barracks, silenced pistols and knives, we kill every soldier in the place, go in to the woman's building, at least five sets of bolt cutters there, meanwhile, have a team setting charges on all of their rolling stock and those choppers, another team rigging the comm shack, the mess hall, and the officer's quarters. We lead all of the women out, get to a safe distance, and push the button, sit back and watch the light show."

Sarah Mitchell was nodding but then frowned. "How do we get the women back here, though? I mean, it's obvious we're going to have to bring them back here for treatment---and clothing. The thing is, can we really expect them to walk six miles in the dark, completely nude, in the shape they're likely in?"

Jim nodded. "Good point. we'll have to take at least four of the pick ups.... and we have to keep them back away from that base far enough that the Chinese don't hear them, too. Maybe some of our people could carry backpacks full of clothes?"

Tom grinned at this.... "We can just call the trucks after the fireworks. Leave them about three miles away, walk our people in the last three miles or so, and once the operation's over, call for retrieval." He concluded, though he was stroking his thin beard.

This, more than anything, told Jim that he had something else on his mind. 

"Y'know, we could always double up on the mufflers on the trucks, while we're still planning and getting ready for this op. Anything that makes them quieter will increase our advantage."

Jim nodded, grinning. Leave it to Tom to point out what he himself should have thought of in the first place. Then a thought occurred to him. 

"I'm thinking of something else, too.... There's a ton of supplies there we could use. Rifles and ammunition, explosives, grenades, field rations and other food... why should we blow it all up, when we could use it to equip the locals?"

Tom looked, for a brief moment, as if he were about to slap himself hard on the forehead. 

"You're right, Jim... and we wouldn't need our own trucks.... we can just load up a few of their big trucks and those Hummers and haul everything, including the women, out in those. What the hell, it looks like they stole 'em from our own military bases anyway." He grinned. "We'll just steal 'em back. We should be able to get away with five or six truckloads of stuff, if their quartermaster has been keeping their inventory up to snuff."

They continued, long into the night, hashing out details for hours until they'd planned the entire operation, down to the finest point. 

The next day, Leeanne walked into the communal great hall and got a cup of coffee and a chocolate muffin, then scanned the room, smiling as she spotted Gar Davidson sitting off in a corner by himself, studying what appeared to be copies of the surveillance photos of the enemy base. She headed that way, and he didn't notice until she was standing by his small table.

"Mind if I join you?"

He looked up, startled, and nodded a bit nervously. "Please. I could do with some company."

She nodded towards the pictures as she set down her coffee mug and muffin, taking a seat across from him.

"Anything new?"

"No.... just looking for anything we might have missed. I know there's something here we're missing, just can't quite put my finger on it."

She took a sip of coffee and nodded. "Jim Archer was saying the same thing. Personally, I think it's something They're missing."

"What do you mean?" "Well, what's the one thing you always see in the old movies, when soldiers are patrolling a military base.... particularly at night?"

He stared at her for a minute, eyes going out of focus as he thought it over.

He shrugged, drawing a total blank.

She smiled at him and answered her own question. "Dogs, Silly! They always have a few dogs.... their senses are sharper than ours. They hear better, smell better.... we see better, because they're colorblind, but other than that, dogs have got it all over us!"

He looked back at the photos, realizing she was right. He'd been looking at the human element; guard dogs had never crossed his mind.

"You're right.... I never considered animals."

She gave him a gentle smile. "Most people don't. Hey, there's something I've been meaning to ask you, ever since the day I left my ex husband."

He shot her a look. "That's official, then? You two are through?"

She nodded, sipping at her coffee again.

"Yup.... I annulled the marriage that day. The love was gone long before I walked out, I just didn't want to admit it to myself."

He took a long sip of his coffee to hide his grin, motioning for her to continue. .. but he almost choked on it when she asked "Why haven't you ever asked me out?"

He set his cup down and regarded her for a moment, gathering his thoughts. "Well, I think it's mostly been a relationship conflict... Whenever I've been alone, you've been with someone... when you've been alone, I've been with someone. I guess our timing was just a bit off. When you were alone, I was with Carla... I broke up with her, you were with Paul. You broke up with him, I was seeing Julie; I broke up with her, you were with Dennis. The day you married him, I figured I'd never get another chance."

"Well, who are you seeing now?"

He grinned, seeing where this was going. 

"Hopefully? You."

"Why didn't you ask me the day I left Dennis?"

"I wanted to give you a little time. Make sure it was really over between you two and all."

"Oh, it's over... I've had it with that fool. I want to be a mom.... and the Doctor tells me that I'm as fertile as a broodmare. If I can't get pregnant in three years, when I'm completely fertile, you know it isn't me. He refused to let the doc run any tests, but he kept tryin'. I think he just wanted a fuck-buddy, and someone to wash his dirty shorts."

Again, she'd timed it perfectly.... he was just taking a sip of coffee, and nearly choked on it.

He grinned at her and replied "Well, Momma Maria's just got a fresh load of mozzarella and parmesan from the cheesery a few hours ago... can I interest you in dinner and a movie tonight?"

She smiled and said "Who says we have to wait for tonight? I haven't had any lunch, aside from this." She waved her hand at the half eaten muffin. 

"Ok.... well, you want to take that with you, take it down to the forest buildings, feed it to the birds? We can take a walk in the woods, maybe go down to the lake."

"That sounds perfect. I haven't been down there in quite a while."

Two hours later, they were sitting together on the strip of grass between the far north wall and the sandy beach that led into the lake. 

"I'd forgotten how peaceful it is down here." He was looking past her, over her shoulder, and whispered "Look over your left shoulder.... slowly."

She slowly turned her head to see a small herd of deer, a big buck, looked like a six pointer, followed by half a dozen does, walking cautiously down to the edge of the lake to drink, perhaps two hundred yards away. Two other, smaller, bucks followed them, clearly yearlings.

Her breath caught in her throat, and she turned back to him, moving closer to him in silence until his arm rested against her side. 

"Dennis never brought me down here."

"I'm not him, hun... and this is my favorite place to come to, when I want to just empty my mind and think over a problem or something."

She lifted an eyebrow and grinned at him. "What are you thinking about now?"

"This" he replied as he moved forward, bringing his lips to hers.

They kissed slowly, just a dry, coy meeting of lips at first, but before long, her tongue peeked out, running across his lips, which he gladly opened for her. Soon the deer were forgotten as their kisses deepend and grew longer. 

She lay back on the grass, and he followed, his lips never leaving hers as his hand rested on her side, her hand behind his head. Finally, they broke the kiss, and he moved an arm around her shoulders and laying down beside her, pulled her to her side, so her head laid on his chest.

"You know," he said, quietly, "I've wanted to do that since we were both about eight years old."

She smiled. "I've wanted you to since we were about ten."

He shifted position a bit, so he could look into her eyes. "Are you serious? Why didn't you ever say anything?"

She smiled a little. "I guess I was just waiting for you to make a move. I'm not really aggressive, myself."

She shifted position, coming to her knees and straddling him. "That ends now, though." she grinned down at him, while pulling her T shirt out of her jeans and over her head, her braless 36DDs springing free. She leaned forward, her lips reaching for his as he took her ample tits in both hands, kneading them as his thumbs tweaked her already stiff nipples.

She worked at the buttons of his shirt slowly, going by feel, while he moved one hand behind her, squeezing a firm ass cheek, then sitting up to bury his face in her cleavage, while his hands moved to the button of her jeans. 

She reciprocated, unbuttoning his pants and unzipping him, reaching in to assess the size of his cock. It wasn't as big as some she'd had, over the years; still, it wasn't too small, at about seven inches, if her feeling hands were correct. 

She stood up for a moment, slipping her jeans and panties down and stepping free of them, and he did the same, lifting his ass off the ground to peel off his pants and underwear in one motion.

She started to lower herself to engulf his hard on, but he stopped her, saying "Not yet, dear.... I want to taste you first."

She was happy to oblige him, and took a step forward, lowering her shaved pussy to his willing lips, gasping just a bit as his tongue slipped out and ran lightly over her unfurled labia, tasting her nectar for the first time. She, he found, had a bit of a sweet taste.

'Might have known!' he thought as he began to work his tongue over her nether lips slowly, occasionally licking up to her engorged clit, which was now fully out from behind it's protective hood of flesh. She gasped anew every time he did, squeezing her thighs against his ears, rocking her hips, rubbing her bald lips into his more than willing mouth, caressing the back of his head with both hands as a small orgasm overtook her, followed by another, this one more intense than the first, leaving his face awash in her juices. 

Finally, she couldn't wait anymore; pulling back, she knee walked backwards until his stiff cock was lined up and impaled herself on him, rocking back and forth on his hardness, looking into his eyes as she began to ride him. He thrust back at her, and they soon had a slow, lazy rhythym going, neither of them in a hurry to finish. She leaned forward, crushing her breasts to his chest so she could taste herself on his tongue, still riding him slowly. 

Soon enough, though, her urgency got the better of her and she began thrusting herself down on him faster, until they were slamming their groins together as hard as they could... it didn't last long, though. He finally grabbed her by the hips and rolled them both over, and it was his turn to control the pace. He started to fuck her at almost a rabbit-like speed, her eyes widening as she moaned in joy at the feeling of him hammering into her. He slammed into her a final time and groaned as his balls emptied themselves into her womb, jets of cum streaming into her tightness.

He rolled them back over so she lay on top of him, his softening cock still buried in her now sloppy pussy, and stroked her back as they both struggled to catch their breath.

While Leeanne and Gar were cementing their relationship, Jim Archer sat at the computer console, watching as the villagers went about their daily business of weeding, harvesting a few vegetables, and occasionally relieving themselves at the bases of some of the plants.

'Smart' he thought. 'No point in wasting it when it will fertilize the plants.' 

He thought about what Bill Dennison and Tom Dorn had told him in their reports from the two families they'd visited, deciding that they could afford to drop off a few storage tubs of dried foods, and one or two tubs of seeds. It could mean the difference between starvation and survival through the winter for the entire village, and he needed as many as possible to survive. Dead villagers couldn't aid in the fight against the Chinese, once it became time for open warfare. Then another thought occurred to him, and he had to rethink his entire plan.

Maybe it was time to meet these villagers.

Bob Gunderson and Herb Dixon compared notes the next day, after Herb noticed the fact that Bob had not only been bandaged, but stitched up, as well. 

When he'd awakened, that morning, he was ready to write the whole thing off as a dream.... until he noticed the two plastic bags full of foodbars on the low table. It really had happened, then.

Two men had entered their home, treated his daughter and given her medicine to ward off diseases, then had left them with a bounty of food and taken their leave. Now Bob was telling him that a second group had visited him, treated his cut forehead, and left His family a bunch of food, too.

After a long day in the fields, the villagers came to the common hall to fix their meager supper. The boy's traplines had been generous today; four rabbits, three squirrels, and a baby fox had fallen to the snares, and were quickly skinned, gutted, and sliced up for the stewpots.

There was enough meat there that a few of the people went back to the fields to gather some more potatoes, beans, tomatoes, and carrots, while another young couple went off to a nearby stream for more water, and a second stewpot was readied. Everyone could easily get a full bowl tonight, and possibly another in the morning, an uncommon occasion, to say the least.

The last of the stew had been doled out, and everyone was eating when a terrifying sound reached their ears... an engine! Could the Chinese be showing up this late in the evening?

Their fears were short lived, though.... a man came through the door, wearing strange clothing, with two more men behind him. His two followers were quickly recognized by Herb and Bob as the men who had come to them the previous night to give aid, and they stepped forward to welcome the strangers, greeting them as friends, and meeting their Commander.

Jim looked around the room, nodding. It looked like the entire village was here, down to the youngest child. The room was abuzz for a few minutes, but settled quickly as Gunderson called for quiet. 

Bill talked with both Herb and Bob in low tones, asking if there was anyone in the village that they didn't trust, anyone who might try to warn the Chinese. Both shook their heads.... everyone in the village had suffered at the hands of the invading troops; none would stab their fellows in the back in such a way.

After a brief discussion with the two men, the decision was made quickly.

Jim stepped to one end of the room, where everyone could easily see and hear him, and began to speak. 

"Alright, everybody. First, allow me to introduce myself; my name is James Archer, and I lead a small city not far from here."

"No, Sir, you don't. I've been huntin' these here lands for the past six years.... there ain't no cities anywhere near here."

Jim smiled. "That's because we didn't want anyone to find us, young man. I assure you, it exists. It's in the last place you'd be likely to look."

The young man sat back down, looking very confused. 'Where is the last place I'd look?' he thought, as he nodded at Jim to continue.

Jim looked around the room slowly, making periodic eye contact with everyone there in turn. 

"We were, originally, going to bring you folks food to hold you through the coming winter; but we have plans which could, quite easily, put all of your lives in danger."

Some of the villagers were looking at him, while others looked at each other, alarm imprinted on their features. 
