 Old Bob Gunderson had asked if they could be brought in, and had, in fact, offered to go with the scout teams to talk with these other villagers. He was the one who'd told Jim about them in the first place, and had already volunteered to guide them to the other villages.

It would have to wait for a while, though.... the old man didn't have the strength for even a half mile hike, and they'd have to leave their vehicles at least that far away in order to keep from frightening the people in these other villages. After all, vehicles, as far as they knew, meant soldiers.

During the ensuing months, Jim kept everyone busy; putting a new roll up door on the mouth of the outside tunnel and camouflaging it to blend in with the hillside, getting the former villagers fed to the point that they no longer appeared as walking skeletons and getting them into training regimens that included physical conditioning, reading and writing, and learning to use all of the technology that they would be exposed to in the Cave, and basic military training, including martial arts and shooting skills.

He also lowered the camera mast back into its hidey-hole in the ground for the time being, figuring that it was better to be blind to the outside world for the moment while they figured out a way to screen it from view, so it wouldn't give away their position. He considered digging up a few tall pine trees to plant around it, and there were suitable trees to be had, to the north of the complex, but it would take more than a week, and the teams doing the work would be exposed the entire time... plus the equipment required to do the work would tear up the landscape something awful. Then, too, there was the possibility that in digging holes for the trees, they might accidentally hit the equipment that raised and lowered the mast itself, or rip up the cables that powered it and ran the video feeds. 

In the end, five people with metal detectors spent the better part of a week, scanning the area thirty feet out from the mast in every direction, while five teams spent time in the woods looking for suitable pine trees for replanting in the area, effectively camouflaging the camera mast from casual view. Jim also had a team carefully digging around the mast itself, seeking, and finding, the plastic conduit that the wiring ran through, running several extra power and coaxial cables through it, and installing a small satellite dish on top of the mast. The mast, the dish, and the cases of the cameras were then given a thin coat of a forest green paint, to blend in with the surrounding trees. 

The effect was perfect... it was difficult to spot the mast, or the dish, even by someone who knew what he was looking for.

More importantly, they could now not only tap into the communications of the Chinese; they could also use the dish to search the skies above for still functioning satellites.

During the same time, the former villagers managed to get settled in fairly well, and, after a few weeks of solid meals and getting healthier, they were assigned jobs within the complex. Most of the men went to the farms and working at the compost piles, turning the huge heaps of organic fertilizer daily and loading up great piles of it into manure spreaders for dumping in the idle fields. 

Many of the women helped out in the communal kitchens, helping to devise new 'ration bars' for the troops who would be taking the fields in the coming conflict and baking bread, 'juicing' fruit, and doing prep work for canning many of the foods that would be moved to the 'grocery store' warehouse. 

Most of the younger children would be allowed to just be kids for the next few years, taking in the forest chambers and the lake, taught to fish, and, as part of the school curriculum, were taught to play softball, football, and soccer.

Later they would be taught to hunt small game, to shoot, track, and some of the outdoor survival skills that they would need when they, too, joined the Cave's fighting forces. They, too, had jobs, though... they helped the Cavedweller kids to take care of the many animals the Cavedwellers raised for meat and furs. 

Jan Archer called her husband and kids to dinner and asked her kids how the village kids were doing, blending in. Jenny and Jimmy nodded. "They're ok, I guess." Jimmy replied. "They didn't understand why we keep so many rabbits, at first, until I explained it to a couple of them.... I think they get it now, though. They're REALLY good at skinning them, though.... and they already knew which parts of the insides were good to keep for soup, too."

Jenny nodded. "They didn't like going to school, at first. One girl called it 'pointless'... but her dad set her straight... he said if she could read, she could learn a lot more about life."

Jim smiled and shot a look at his wife. "Nice to see the parents are engaged. How are you doing, setting up their accounts?"

"No problem... most of them are already racking up credits. That old man, Bob Gunderson-- he's working circles around some of the younger guys in the farms. Not afraid of hard work, that one. If we were charging him for the groceries and clothes his family's apartment was initially stocked with, he would have that paid off and still have credits left over."

"Good.... are they learning to use the appliances well enough?"

"Oh, yes.... although it took some doing to convince his wife that the oven didn't need any firewood!"

He grinned at that. "I wonder what they think of the TVs and the DVD players?"

"Leeanne's been steering them towards the educational materials for the time being. They're actually learning pretty quickly, considering... she says some of the adults are already up to about a second grade reading level. They absolutely love the music videos, too."

"Music hath charms..."

"Yup. Oh.... we need to be careful about giving them too much of the beer and whiskey, though.... some of them like it a bit TOO much, if you know what I mean."

"Have any of them been introduced to pot yet?"

She nodded. "Dan Bradley smoked a joint with that guy who's daughter was attacked, what was his name?"

Jim nodded. "Herb Dixon."

"Yeah, him.... he asked where he could get some more of it right away. I think he likes that better than alcohol... Dan gave him a small baggy and an old waterpipe, taught him how to use it, keep it clean, all that. If he didn't have to work to earn credits to pay for more of it, I don't think he'd ever leave that apartment again."

Jim looked up sharply at this. "Make sure Dan explains to him that it's a luxury, not something he wants to spend all of his credits on."

"He already did. Told him, we all have to work together to keep this place running. I think he understands it well enough."

"Good... the last thing we need is someone who thinks he can just lay around all day, living off the rest of us. We don't want to start up another welfare state, if any of what grandpa Dan said is true. He didn't have much to say about that that sounded good."

"I know... my great grandpa Brad said the same thing. So did my dad, for that matter.... he learned it from his dad."

Over the next six months, the Cavedwellers continued to teach the newcomers necessary skills for living in the bunker, and started training quite a few of them in basic military skills. A good number of them already knew how to build a reasonably weatherproof shelter, how to get a small fire going, and basic food gathering. Hunting animals wasn't so very different from hunting and killing soldiers, so many of them had a head start on that.

In the early spring, just after the thaw, Jim decided it was time to see what was going on outside. He led a team out, looking over the old enemy base and the old village. As he'd predicted, the village's livestock had wintered fairly well, and the chickens had quite a few young chicks running around, pecking around for worms and loose grain. There were several new calves, and it looked like the lone bull was already getting busy this spring. 

At the old Chinese base, they got a bit of a shock.... someone had been cleaning up the place; there were orderly piles of wood and concrete blocks everywhere, appearing to have been neatly stacked for re-use. Jim took careful note of this, and decided that maybe it was time to institute semi-regular patrols in this area, find out who was doing this and why.

In the meantime, scouting teams went out to check up on the other villages Bob Gunderson had told them about; They found them, with some difficulty.

The first one was in what remained of a small pre-war town. They spent several days observing this place; these people appeared to be in a bit better shape than the people from the village that they'd taken in had been. They found this a bit puzzling, at first. 

This group, it turned out, had a good sized farming operation just outside of the town, plus numerous gardens in vacant lots around the town.

Old garages had been converted into barns, and the fences between the backyards had been torn down and cast aside, so the few cows could have plenty of land to graze on, but were still confined by the backyard gates. A few of the backyards had apple and plum trees, grape vines, and strawberry plants growing wild, and the trees that lined the streets showed evidence of being regularly trimmed, probably for extra firewood. 

A large building sat in the middle of this little neighborhood; when they got close enough, the scouts realized it was an old school building. A few more days of observation revealed that these folks all took their meals together in the school gymnasium, where they apparently had set up several woodstoves. Again, the scouts took numerous digital photographs and took their leave, without the townsfolk knowing they were ever there. Jim would want to know about this place before they made contact. 

The second team didn't find quite so rosy a picture. 

The second village was, again, built in the wreckage of a small town, but there the similarity ended. The people here, who numbered perhaps one or two more than Gunderson's village, were in sad shape... their foodstocks must have run dangerously low during the winter; they were digging up potatoes and carrots that were barely half formed, and hunting parties were coming back with any meat they could find, including rats, small dogs, cats, and even mice. They had a mere three cows and no bull to breed any more, and perhaps a dozen chickens, although the team couldn't get close enough to see if they even had a rooster. Most of the houses showed some sort of damage; probably from the war- they'd patched them up as well as they could, taking whatever materials they could find, apparently from some of the more severely damaged homes. 

Again, these villagers took their meals together, in the ruins of what had been, according to the sign, an old thrift shop. A closer look through binoculars revealed that they, too, had set up what looked like an old woodstove in the main room, having moved all of the old furniture and clothing racks back against the walls. The smoke from the stove eventually found it's way out of the building through a hole in the roof. The best thing that could be said about this little town was that the people were warmly dressed; the thrift shop they ate in had piles and piles of old clothing, among other things. 

The scouting team spent several days observing the townfolk through binoculars, taking numerous photos, and finally withdrew without revealing their presence. 

Back at the Cave, the two teams put the digital cameras into two separate boxes, labeled 'schoolhouse' and 'thrift shop', and Jan Archer took them one at a time, downloading the numerous photographs into separate laptop computers. 

The scouts, meanwhile, sat down to write up their reports and personal observations about the two towns.

Jim puzzled over the reports on the first of the two towns--why did they appear to be so well fed?

It wasn't until dinner that night that he got his answer; it came from his son, of all people.

"Geez, Dad, get a clue! You wiped out the people who were stealing all of their food! They got to keep what they grew last summer!"

Jim looked at his wife and grinned. "Out of the mouths of babes, huh?"

Then something else occurred to him. "Okay, smarty... then why isn't the second village in just as good of shape?"

The boy shrugged. 'I don't know.... maybe they didn't have as many seeds to start with?"

"You may be right about that." He rubbed his chin in thought. 

Billie Jean Dixon sat at the desk in the school room, looking over the small book in front of her... It was an alphabet primer, with pictures depicting items for each letter. She followed along with the rest of the class, which included most of the people from her village, as the woman in front of her, the 'teacher', led them through the alphabet, one letter at a time. She wasn't real sure why learning to read was such a big deal, but both of her parents had assured her that it would help her in the years to come. Her new friends, Mickey Miller, Cassie Smith, and Doris Delacroix, had told her much the same thing, and assured her that they would wait for her to get out of school before they all went down to the lake building.

Cassie and Mickey were in forest chamber three, sitting back, watching a pair of squirrels chase each other around a tree. They'd just finished smoking a joint that Cassie had snagged from her mother's stash while visiting her, and Mickey had a small bottle of wine that his dad had forgotten about long ago, in the very back of the liquor cabinet. Both of them were nineteen, so they were technically old enough to drink and smoke, but sneaking it was part of the fun.

"What do you think of her?" Cassie asked. 

"Who?" Mickey asked, his words a bit slurred.

She slapped him playfully on the back of the head. "Who? Billie Jean, dummy.... You know, redhead, big boobs, nice ass, now that she's had a chance to fill out a bit?"

"Hmmmm.... sounds like you've got a bit of a crush on her... Wanting a bit of that, are you?"

He knew that Cassie liked to swing both ways.

"No!" she replied... but she blushed a bit. In truth, she had had a few daydreams about the busty young woman.... but she knew, also, that Billie Jean had had a pretty rough life. From what she'd let slip, the few times she'd talked about it at all, she'd been raped by those soldiers more than once.

Mickey grinned at her, sure she wasn't telling the whole truth. 

"I don't know... I've tried to talk to her, but she seems to be a bit afraid of me."

"Well, can you blame her, after the way those soldiers treated her? I'll be surprised if she doesn't go the other way, never has sex with another man again."

"That would be a waste."

"For you, maybe."

"I was right... you're already stakin' a claim." He said, as he lay back on the grass, putting his hands behind the back of his head.

She grinned down at him, swinging a leg over his middle and reaching up to pin his arms down. "No, THIS is stakin' a claim." she replied as she leaned forward to kiss him.

"Honey, I don't have any protection along."

"Don't worry, I do.... I brought the little birdie with me."

"Huh?

"You know, the little birdie that prevents pregnancies?"

He waited for a chance to get a word in between her light kisses. "What the hell are you talking about?" He asked, his fogged mind struggling to comprehend.

She nibbled at his earlobe and whispered in his ear. "What kind of bird stops a girl from getting pregnant? Swallows, baby."

His eyes grew wide as the implications hit him, even as she drew her light blouse over her head and cast it aside, revealing her 32C's. He massaged her firm tits as she reached for the button of his shorts, while they stayed joined at the lips. She was beginning to moan as he moved one hand to her skirt and under it, running his middle finger up and down her opening pussy lips, finding and gently rubbing her hard little clit with his fingertip. Slipping his finger inside her, he found her G spot and massaged it, changing her moans to outright panting as he slid his finger in and out of her already sopping pussy.

"MMmmm, baby.... I want your tongue there."

He kissed her again, smiling and nodding.

She got up off him, shedding her skirt, leaving her nude except for socks and sneakers, which she kicked off before reaching for his shorts and dragging them off his hips, revealing his seven inches. He shed his T shirt at the same time. He didn't have the biggest dick, but he knew how to use what he had. She stepped around and knelt down, bringing her leaking cunt down on his waiting mouth and leaning forward, taking his hard cock in her lips, licking all over the head before sucking at him hard and taking him all the way in, his head just reaching the opening of her throat, then bobbing back up, getting into a rhythm.

His lips and tongue were busy as well, licking and sucking at her unfurled lips, fluttering over her exposed clit, feeling her thighs clamp down on his ears as her orgasm approached. She shuddered as her juices flooded out to engulf his chin and cheeks.

She jumped off him, moving down to take him into her pussy, thrusting down hard, and rode him unmercifully, hard and fast, for long minutes. He thrust back at her, flexing his cock to hit the sensitive spots, pushing up even as she came down, holding back with some difficulty before grunting out "Gonna cum, Babe!"

She jumped back off, taking his cock back in her mouth just in time to catch his spurts of seed. She savored the taste of her and him together, the saltiness of his cum mixing with her own semi-sweet juices, and swallowed as fast as she could.

"MMmm... yummy!" She reached for the forgotten wine bottle, taking a small swig and swirling it around in her mouth before leaning down to kiss him. 

"C'mon, lazy.... it's almost time to go pick up Billie Jean. Doris is probably already there."

He reached up for her, missing the mark as she backed away out of his reach. "No, no more.... get your hairy butt up and get dressed."

"Oh, alright.... but we're gonna have a round two.... after I stop off at my place and grab some rubbers."

" 'Some' rubbers? Got a rather high opinion of yourself, don't ya?"

He pulled up his shorts and fastened them, then reached for his T shirt and shoes. He faked a stumble in her direction, catching her unawares and slapped her on the ass firmly, bringing her up on her toes with a squeal.

"Keep it up, woman.... next time I might just miss and shove it in that other little hole back here!"

"Oh no you won't! You'll never get any off me again if you try it!"

They both knew she was lying through her teeth, of course.... he was the one who had introduced her to anal, and she demanded it from him at least a few times a week.

He grinned at her and said "Don't worry about it, hun.... I'll pick up my little pipe, while I'm at my place.... I've got plenty of credits built up. We can swing by the dispensery and I'll get a quarter of that new hybrid Mike's been raving about."

"Oh, that'd be perfect! Do you think Billy Jean smokes? "

"No idea.... but she's old enough. Hey, do you have your phone on you?"

Cassie reached into her pocket, revealing her little flip phone. 

"Perfect... call Doris, tell her to collect Billie Jean, then stop by the kitchens and grab some juice. What do you think? Apple?"

"I like that orange-strawberry-banana mix better."

"Ok, that's cool.... what the hell, have her get both."

Jim spent most of the day, reading the reports of the scouts, trying to figure out how to approach the two small towns without appearing too pushy. Taking Bob along might help; he had been to these villages in the past, and they might remember him. That would give them a big advantage.
