 Billy Jackson smiled to himself as he and his team of scouts worked their way closer in to the Chinese base. All twelve of them were carrying the silenced .270 caliber sniper rifles that were so popular with the Cave troops, save for Billy himself; he'd recently upgraded to a .308 Winchester that could reach out nearly three quarters of a mile. After half a day of building up their blinds, getting set up to shoot from total concealment, they were finally ready. Now they merely had to wait for the right opportunity.

That opportunity finally came in the midafternoon.

Two large trucks rolled into the compound, just after the noon lunch hour had passed; replacement troops and fresh supplies. 

The last of the daily patrols returned, and Colonel Kwan called for a general assembly in the parade ground, closest to the fence on the north side of the compound... with the replacements that had just come in front and center.

Which suited Bill Jackson and his team just fine; they had, basically, an unobstructed line of sight to the troops they were targeting. Some of their rounds would, undoubtedly, hit the fences, and be sent off in unpredictable trajectories; this didn't bother them too much, as it would merely add to the enemy troop's panic.

Billy waited until just the right moment, when the Chinese CO was closest to the fence, before clicking the throat mic, murmuring "Ok, guys... everyone pick two targets, center mass shots only. I'm taking the Commander, but every other trooper is fair game. On three... two... one... fire!"

In less than ten seconds, the Commander and eleven troopers dropped like so many rocks, and a few seconds later, a dozen more joined them. 

Jackson's team pulled their rifles back into their blinds and sat back, looking on in amusement as the Chinese troops were thrown into an utter panic.

Twenty three of the Chinese troops lay dead or dying, and the Commander was missing half of his head; Jackson, sure of his abilities, had chosen to put his round squarely in the ear canal of the enemy commander, with devastating results. Quietly, they waited, watching as Chinese soldiers organized into patrol groups and headed out the front gate... all of them headed in the wrong directions.

Thirty minutes passed, and the troops who had stayed in the camp began to relax a bit, thinking that the enemy snipers had left the area to avoid discovery.

Jackson whispered into his throat mic. 

"Gentlemen, those guards in the towers look entirely too comfortable; what do you think?"

A dozen rifles whispered through their silencers; a dozen guards died, and a dozen scouts sat back to wait once again.

Jenny Barlow held Bob's head as he nuzzled at her large nipples, squirming all over his lap as she felt his hardness growing under her. It didn't feel like he was huge or anything, but she had a feeling he knew quite well how to use what he had... and since their flight, she was feeling Very horny. She threw her arms back, shrugging out of the old uniform blouse she'd worn, and reached down, unbuttoning her pants as he continued his oral exploration of her full 34Ds.

Reaching between them, she started unbuttoning his shirt, pulling it out of his trousers, pushing it back and off to reveal his moderately hairy chest, before reaching for his belt buckle and then his pants buttons.

He stood suddenly, lifting her to her feet so they could both shed the uniform trousers they were wearing, leaving him in his briefs, while she was completely naked, save for a pair of multicolored socks.

She smiled at him wordlessly and knelt at his feet, pulling the briefs down in a quick tug, taking his hardening six and a half inches in her mouth in one swift motion, and started bobbing her head, licking up and down his shaft like an old pro. Within minutes, she was rewarded with more cum in her mouth than she would have thought possible, and was hard pressed to swallow it fast enough to keep up.

He smiled down at her as she licked her lips, making sure she didn't miss a drop, then pulled her to her feet, pushed her gently back to the couch, pulled her knees apart, and dove face first between her spread thighs, tongue leading the way, and soon had her moaning as he drilled his tongue as deep as he could get into her streaming hole, licking all around her wide open pussy lips, finally settling on her stiff little clit. He shoved two fingers into her tight little hole as he fluttered his tongue over her little nubbin, turning his hand and finding her G-Spot with his fingertip and massaging it lightly as her thighs clamped down on his head.

Soon she was shuddering under him, as waves of pleasure rolled through her body, the orgasm ripping through her as she flooded his tongue and face with her sweet/tart juices. She was vocal about it, giving several small cries as he continued to eat her sweet cunt, until he couldn't take it any more and stood, lifting her up with him, sliding his cock into her while she clung to him. He started walking about the room, slamming into her with every step, and she came again as he backed her up against a wall and began to pound into her in earnest.

"Oh, God... fuck me, honeeee! Harder baby, harder!"

He merely grunted as he slammed into her, balls deep... and he thought, for one crazy instant, that he felt his full nuts slip inside along with his shaft.

Finally, he couldn't hold back anymore, and unleashed his second load deep inside her, kissing her roughly as his balls drained themselves.

They settled back on the couch, both gasping for breath, and his cock slowly shriveled and pulled out of her on it's own. He reached up to kiss her lightly again, and grinned.

"Remind me to take you flying again soon, hun."

"MMMmmm... Babe, after That performance, you won't need to take me flying!" 

Billie Jean and Jeff showed up at the apartment shared by Cassie, Doris, and Mickey, Jeff carrying a cooler full of juices and a bottle of whiskey, while Billie Jean held a small wooden carrier with a crock pot inside, full of a noodles, venison, mushrooms, and cheese sauce concoction she'd had cooking all day while she was working at the daycare center. Doris met them at the door and welcomed them inside with a kiss for each of them.

"Hi, babes... do you guys know Barb and Lenny?"

BJ shook her head, but Jeff nodded. Len Ryan was one of the guys from his training class.

Cassie came out of the kitchen, another young woman in tow, eyes lighting up as she spotted BJ and Jeff.

"Hey, guys! Do you know Shandra?"

BJ nodded, eyes lighting up at the sight of the light skinned black woman, who had come in a few months ago, after being held captive at a Chinese base for more than six months. She'd been in counseling with Mrs. Davidson for the last few months, and BJ had bumped into her there while helping Leeanne out, telling the new women about her own experiences with the soldiers and assuring them that they were safe here, among other things. She'd volunteered to do it, but Leeanne had made sure she got credits for it anyway.

In the living room of the spacious apartment, they met another young couple, Fran Mitchell and Mark Wellston. Both were cave raised, and longtime friends of Cassie, Mickey, and Doris.

Once everyone had a plate of the various foods that each had brought, they settled in the living room to eat and gossip while a concert DVD played in the background. 

Most of the talk surrounded who was leaving, going to the new village by the rebel base, and who was staying here. Fran and Mark had decided to relocate to the rebel base, which got a frown from Cassie; they were good friends, and she'd spent a few enjoyable afternoons with her face buried between Frannie's thighs while Mark had plowed her from behind... and she was hoping for a repeat performance tonight.

Shandra sat next to BJ, looking to the older girl for some reassurance. BJ realized this early on, and slipped an arm around the young woman's shoulder, leaning over and whispering "Don't worry, hun... you don't have to do anything you don't want to... just go with it."

"Are... are we going to have sex here tonight?"

"Beats me, dear... just stay by me, and I'll take care of you." BJ replied, kissing her on the neck, just below her ear and giving her left breast a playful squeeze.

Cassie took note of this and gave BJ a mock frown. "Not yet, babe..." she said as she reached into the pocket of the man's T shirt she wore, pulling out a big joint and a lighter and firing up.

Mickey grinned and started pouring whiskey into glasses, topping them off with various juices, and nodded. "Yeah... let's get a little lubricated first."

Doris smiled at him from the floor by Jeff's feet and replied "You know I'm Always lubricated, hun." with a leer and a wink.

Lenny and Jeff both pulled joints from their pockets, lighting them up and passing them around, and soon the whole group was enjoying the feeling of a mellow buzz.

By the time the last roach was burning itself out in the ashtray, Doris had dragged Jeff to his feet and was dancing with him to the tones of an old Rush tune, while BJ was doing the same with Shandra, and Cassie was sitting in Mark's lap, playfully squirming all over him, feeling his cock growing hard under her ministrations. Fran came over and sat next to Mickey, shedding her thin T shirt before straddling him on the couch. 

Before long the clothes were flying, and BJ had begun kissing Shandra passionately; something the young woman wasn't entirely ready for. She was trembling a bit as BJ caressed the young woman's tongue with her own, but soon, instinct began to take over, and she was fondling BJ's full breasts with something approaching enthusiasm. BJ swung around until she was straddling the young woman, cupping her full ass cheeks as she continued french kissing her.

Cassie pulled Mark's shorts down, diving face first into his lap, taking his cock to the back of her throat in one gulp, while Lenny moved up behind her, spearing her dripping cunt in a quick thrust, and she moaned as he bottomed out inside her. The vibrations in her throat caught Mark just right, and he began thrusting his hips, fucking her mouth even as Lenny thrust his cock into her tight cunt from behind.

BJ worked her way backwards a bit, taking one of Shandra's chocolate brown tits in her mouth, bringing her hand down to carress the woman's rapidly unfurling pussy lips, while the black girl ran her fingers through the young redhead's hair, if a bit nervously. She'd never had sex like this before... up until now, it had just been a soldier, coming in, unzipping his fly, and jumping on her.

Jeff, meanwhile, was soon between Doris' thighs, diligently licking at her freshly shaved pussy, while Barb was squatting over her face, thoroughly enjoying her overly active tongue and fondling Doris' firm breasts.

Mark could no longer take it, and blasted his cum down Cassie's throat, but she didn't let up, licking and sucking at the head of his cock until he was hard again, then moving around until Lenny was under her; Mark, sensing what she was after, moved around behind her, feeding his hard-on into her rectum, and soon, the two young men had a rhythm going, double fucking her as she cried out at the pleasure of being filled from both sides.

BJ pulled back a bit, looking deep into Shandra's eyes and murmuring "Honey, do you trust me?"

Shandra nodded, obviously still a bit nervous, as BJ backed up a bit, lifting the young woman's thighs over her shoulders and diving into her neatly trimmed muff, licking quickly, lightly, at her hardened clit.

Mickey lifted Fran up, positioning her over his hard cock, lowering her until the head slipped between the open lips of her steaming cunt and began to fuck her from the bottom up, but she soon took control, bucking her hips back against his.

Shandra closed her eyes and threw her head back, actually enjoying sex for the first time, barely noticing when Jeff moved up behind BJ and slipped his cock into her ass. BJ noticed, though, and clenched her cheeks together, making her rear hole as tight as she could.

He just grinned and kept thrusting into her, soon blasting a load of cum deep into her bowel.

The room was soon filled with moans, grunts, and small cries of orgasms, drowning out the music from the multi speaker home theater system.

Shandra was gasping for breath as BJ continued her relentless assault on her clit, driving the younger woman to multiple orgasms before Jeff came over and took her place.

BJ grabbed a wet washcloth and cleaned his cock off before taking him in her mouth, getting him hard again and wrapping him in a condom. She moved up and lay on her side next to Shandra, kissing her neck before whispering "Are you ready for a man, honey?" 

Shandra nodded, nervously eyeing Jeff for a moment. 

BJ knew this was a turning point for her; she kissed the younger woman's ear before breathing out "Don't worry, hun... he's going to be very gentle with you. We know you need to see the other side of sex... from a man who cares about how you feel. Mickey did the same thing for me when I got here."

She shot a look at Jeff, who was licking and kissing his way up the chocolate brown skin of Shandra, paying particular attention to the caps of her breasts, before slowly sliding up between her thighs and into her well lubricated pussy. He pushed in slowly, until their groins met, and just held there for a moment, letting her get used to him as he reached down to kiss her, lightly, just quick pecks on the lips and cheeks at first. Soon, though, nature took over; he slid his tongue into her open mouth as he started slowly thrusting into her, and she, feeling good with it, wrapped her thighs around him, locking her ankles behind his back and trying to draw him in as deep as possible. He picked up a little speed as she began to moan underneath him, breathing harder as his motions triggered several orgasms in her.

Mark, once again hard, zeroed in on Frannie's ass, which was still bouncing on Mickey's cock, and grabbed ahold of her hips from behind; she realized his intent and held still for a moment, gasping as he bulled his way into her tight backdoor. She began rocking back and forth, pulling away from one cock as the other slid into her. Soon she was shuddering in orgasm, followed closely by Mickey, and as she collapsed forward on him, Mark took over and began to pound into her ass in earnest, soon blasting ropes of his cum deep in her bowel.

Lenny grunted as he came, deep in Cassie's womb, and slowly pulled out of her... BJ moved over, pushing Cassie onto her back and licking the gobs of semen out of her pussy as he grabbed a drink and recovered. 

He lay back against the front of the couch for a moment, eyes closed, but they shot open as a mouth closed over his now-limp cock.

It was Shandra, bobbing her head down on him even as Jeff continued fucking her from behind. He smiled, running his fingers through her thick, curly hair as she gave her first consensual blowjob. She had obviously learned a bit from watching the other young women here; she was using her lips and tongue quite well, if not expertly. Her small hand closed around the base of his dick and began to stroke him slowly as she sucked at the head, and soon, he reached for her shoulder, grunting out the words "Gonna cum, Babe!"

She moaned around his cock and took him all the way down to the root, just in time, as he blasted several ropes of cum down her throat. She coughed a little, but managed to swallow it all, as Jeff came, filling the rubber and grabbing her tits as he did. She grabbed ahold of Lenny's hips, holding on for dear life as another orgasm ripped through her.

Frank Bergen sat back in his office, going over the inventory of the new equipment. After cleaning up the old diesel engines and a little rebuilding and refurbishing, they now had twenty two working generators, big enough to run small villages, and another fifteen that could do the same job if they doubled up.

This would prove important, as they already had four new bases to work on, including the second base they'd attacked. It now seemed like ancient history, but in reality, had been a mere two years ago. The old buildings were a complete loss, of course, but the runway was almost intact, save for a couple of small craters where mines had gone off when a small plane, carrying Chinese investigators, had tried to land there. The wreckage, with the bodies still inside, was still sitting off to one side of the old runway; feral dogs and other animals had found their way in through the broken glass to pick at the rotting corpses.

Jim sat back in his living room with Johnny Corcoran, who had been elected to run the city, now that Jim had reached the end of his term.

"Jim, you know I'm not happy about this." It was a statement, not a question.

"Oh, hell, John, you know you're up to the job, just as well as I do. You were my right hand for years."

"That never meant I wanted this job. I never envied you... I'm lousy at all of that fuckin' paperwork, man!"

"Well, shit... that's why you get a staff together. You know how to delegate. Just go with it. Besides, you know you can always call on me for ideas. You've still got to pick a council, too, and you know they'll help you out anyway they can. I will make one suggestion, though..."

Corcoran raised an eyebrow.

"For the council, pick out a few of the older villagers... Bob Gunderson, Herb Dixon, and Mike Cromwell would be good choices. They'll give you good advice about dealing with the other villagers we've got here, and about who we should relocate to the new villages and bases we're setting up."

John nodded. "I expect you're right about that. It'll give the villagers a voice on the council, too... that'll go a long way to integrating them into the population here." He paused in thought for a minute.

"You know Frank wants to start fixing up some of the roads, right?"

Jim nodded. "I like the idea... we've got a lot of things that can't handle the roads around here, as they are. Rebuilding them would be a big plus. I guess you heard about that old Ford dealership Tom Dorn and his team found."

"The one with all the old pick-ups? Yeah, I heard about that... A good thing, that. If we can rebuild some of them, get them up and running, we can use them to equip some of these villages, give them a way to trade some of their produce with the bases we're setting up."

"How many men do you want to put on that?"

"I don't know... might want to split 'em up, ten man teams on each road, working on a few miles a day. Frank said he had three teams, working at those old heavy equipment dealers we've found, but most of that equipment is well over a century and a half old... probably gonna need some major league rebuilding to bring it up to snuff... might be awhile before we can get anyone on the trucks."

"True... but we needed the 'dozers and loaders anyway... getting the engines flushed, relubed, and running again won't be that big a deal. A lot of those dealers used fuel preservatives and layers of inert gasses in their fuel tanks as a matter of course, so we may get lucky there too."

"Actually, we already did." Jim replied, cryptically.

"What do you mean?"

"Tom Dorn and his team were out on a long range patrol, while you were at Juniper."

"Ok... what does that mean? Did they find something special?"

Archer nodded. "They were poking around in northern Colorado, near the southern edge of Wyoming. Found a little bitty refinery... said it looked like a place that was set up for small scale, regional work. He also said there were wellheads all around the place, all of them capped off."

"And you think there might be oil there, just waiting to be pumped up and refined into new gas."

"I think it's possible. They've been sitting, idle, since before the great war... that's a long time for oil to flow through the cracks and fissures, deep inside the earth's crust. it wouldn't hurt to set a couple of pump heads, see if there's anything there."
