 The troops withdrew, first to Juniper base, to rest for a day, then to their respective bases, to inventory their new supplies and get them situated in storage rooms and armories.

John Corcoran sent a small truckload to the newly rebuilt Greenwood base; it was the second Chinese base they'd hit, over two years ago, renamed for the first man of theirs who had been killed in this war, Bob Greenwood. 

They'd basically had to rebuild from the ground up, but it was now finished, with well over thirty buildings, a hanger full of choppers and planes, and a growing population of villagers who came in by ones and by fives from the surrounding countryside, all looking for a safe place to get away from the Chinese soldiers. 

Most were put to work clearing and planting fields with all manner of vegetables and seed grain, while all of them spent at least an hour or two each day in a class room, learning to read, write, and the other basics they'd need. 

Tony Mendoza fired up the big diesel generator, and lights came on all over the new town. Greenwood, once again, had electricity. Karl Greenwood, cousin of the town's namesake, would stick around to keep the equipment running, though it didn't need too much in the way of care; between the generator, the two acre field of solar panels, and the three massive windmills, and the room full of storage batteries, power was pretty much taken care of. He and his team would, eventually, set up half a dozen more of the big wind generators, leaving the big diesel engine to serve as a back up. 

By the last day of June, all of the fields were off to a good start and guard patrols were established, and many of the newer refugees from the surrounding countryside were established in homes in the small community-slash-military base.

A small team of techs moved in, set up several drills, and soon hit ground water, which they routed through purifiers. Within another year, they would set up an overly large waste water treatment plant, capable of handling three times the five thousand houses that had been built, rebuilt, and repaired there and in the surrounding countryside. 

They wanted plenty of room for expansion, as refugees from other areas around the state kept coming in, not large numbers, but enough to raise concerns.

Gar Davidson ran his current class around the track, building their endurance. He and Leeanne had taken up some of the training duties at the Cave, mostly symbolic now, considering how many of the newest villager-refugees were moving into the newer villages they were establishing; still, enough came through the Cave to keep them both busy. 

Leeanne, of course, was busy enough as it was... she and Gar had twins; precocious little boys who were currently two years old. Still, she took her other jobs seriously, working with the young women who had been freed from the assorted Chinese bases and teaching school for the incoming refugees, often with her boys, Timmy and Tommy, playing in the corner behind her desk.

After three miles, Gar called a halt, and gave the class of farmers a chance to rest, although he knew he could probably have pushed most of them a bit further. 

This group had been here a week, and hadn't really had enough time to overeat and build up a lot of fat; they'd mostly been working in fields and with animals all of their lives, and considering how much of the food they'd grown had been stolen by Chinese troops over the years, it was a miracle that so many had survived this long. 

As he was writing the class time on his clipboard, one of the older people caught his attention. 

"Sir, could we get some water? Runnin' in circles tends to dry us out."

A few others in the small group nodded in agreement.

He grinned. "You folks need to be more observant. Look behind you."

A silent golf cart had pulled up behind them, a hundred yards away, towing a small, refrigerated trailer... full of bottles of water and assorted fruit juices.

The entire group of sweaty, panting trainees got up as one and ran to the small cart.

Gar watched, mildly amused. They were running to the drink cart faster than they'd run on the track. 'Nothing like a little incentive' he thought. 

George and Sherice were, once again, working the serving line for the young women who had come in from the Chinese base west of Juniper field.

Sherice's heart went out to them; she remembered all too well being in the same dark place most of these women were in, not so very long ago. She tried to offer a few words of encouragement to each one, and found herself, more than once, telling them of her own experiences with the little yellow men.

A few didn't believe her, at first, but the scars on her arms and legs from the whips some of the Chinese had favored convinced them. Her post-pregnancy weight was what threw some of them off; she still had an extra twenty pounds on her since she'd given birth to Julie Anne. Their child, in fact, often accompanied her parents to the serving lines, sleeping in her stroller behind them as they handed out food and drink.

George hadn't been wild about her trying to lose all the weight she'd gained during her pregnancy; he still thought she was a bit too skinny, to be honest, but he'd made a deal with her... he wouldn't say anything about her losing the weight so long as he went with her to the gym and tried to lose a bit himself. 

The result was he had lost well over twenty pounds, and was back to the weight he'd maintained during the time he'd worked at the composting piles. He also felt better than he had in several years.

She stood in the kitchen, cooking a small buffalo roast for them, while he sat at the kitchen table, peeling potatoes and chopping onions and garlic. 

"Honey?"

"Hmmm?"

"Are you really going into the field again?"

He turned in the swiveling kitchen chair, catching her by the waist. Pulling her into his lap, he kissed her lightly.

"No, dear... I'm just going to take my class out, run 'em through their paces in a natural setting. I want them to get some real-world experience before they start trying to fool the real thing. The forests near here are pretty safe, but still, I want to see how they do when they know that the possibility of running into Chinese is there. I can't have them getting cocky... humble and careful would be my preference."

"Well, still, you be careful out there. Baby girl needs her Daddy."

"Don't worry, dear... we're all going to be armed, me included. Julie Anne will grow up with a father."

She gave him an impish grin, replying "Who's talking about her? I meant Me!"

He smiled, kissing her again, this time licking along her lips til they opened, sliding his tongue in between and caressing her own while his hand reached up for her full breast.

She slapped his hand, playfully, reminding him that the baby was right behind them in her playpen. 

He grinned and gave her a playful squeeze, reminding her that Julie was too young to remember anything at this point, anyway. Besides, she was fast asleep. Reaching up under her short skirt, he gave her hardening clit a quick rub.

She jumped out of his lap, her breath already coming in short, ragged gasps.

"Damn it, George, let me get the roast in the oven, at least! I don't want to wait until midnight to eat!"

He grinned back at her. "I just felt somethin' I wanna eat, Baby girl."

"Well, I'm gonna make you wait for that, too... You're a dirty ol' man, you know that?"

He grinned and nodded. "Yup! I'm not a dead ol' man, though, Babe!"

She smiled back at him at that... Hell, she knew That... a fact for which she was eternally grateful.

Leeanne sat back in her office, gazing at the young woman who was her latest subject. Missy was twenty two, as far as she knew, anyway, and had just come from the camp that the joint operation had taken the week before.

"I'm still nervous, Mrs. Davidson... every time I hear a man's voice, I want to jump out of my skin."

"Don't worry, hun... that's normal. If I told you how many women have told me something like that, you'd think I was kidding you. Billie Jean and Shandra, two of the women here that I've talked to, could tell you all about it... those soldiers-don't call them men, by the way- they were nothing more than animals, and you have every right to hate them, and what they did to you. You just have to remember... real men don't do that to a woman. A real man will love you, and yes, may want to have sex with you. The men in this base, the men you'll meet here, they don't force a woman against her will. If any were to try, it would be considered a crime here. He would be punished."

"What do you mean?"

"My dear, it's never happened, to be honest, but if it did, I'd think at the very least, he'd be banished from this place... if the other men didn't beat him within an inch of his life. I would be partial to horsewhipping such a man, myself, but then, I'm biased. I know our current commander, John Corcoran, is a bit hot tempered, and might just shoot him and be done with it. This is a zero-tolerance city, you see. Criminal behavior isn't something we put up with."

"Well, I like that... it's just..." The young brunette looked down into her lap.

"It's just that what the Chinese did to you has wounded your spirit." Leeanne replied softly.

The young woman nodded without looking up.

"Honey, don't worry about it too much. It happens to every woman those bastards have done this to. I promise you, it will pass. Listen, next week, we're having a party in the Great Hall... we have them every month or so, for all of the singles in the Cave, to give the new people a chance to meet and get to know the people who already live here. I want you to come, meet some of the people here. There are a lot of good men here; some were born here, others came from nearby villages and towns. I want you to meet BJ, and Shandra, and Sherice, and some of the other women our own soldiers have freed and brought here to live. Women just like you, who were prisoners of those bastards for months, sometimes years."

Missy looked up, tears in her eyes. "Women like me?"

Leeanne nodded. "Yes, dear. Young women exactly like you. Girls who were torn from homes and family because some Chinese scumbag had an urge. Women who were raped repeatedly, by punks who wouldn't have a chance with most women, considering the way they behave. You'll also get the chance to meet some young men, who will treat you well, who will respect you, who will talk to you, who will ask you out for dinner or drinks, who will ask before they touch you. Young men who will treat you like a Lady, because that's the way they were raised."

"They just do that to get into my pants."

Leeanne nodded, remembering her first husband.

"Some will, yes. But there are others, hun. Young men who will want to get to know you, who will want to spend time with you, who will wait until the time is right... and keep in mind, even those men who just want you for your body, those who just want sex... many of them aren't happy unless you enjoy what you do together. They will do everything they can to give you an orgasm."

Missy looked at her quizzically. "What's an orgasm?"

Leeanne just stared at the young woman for a moment, not sure if she was joking or not.

Thinking it through, though, it made perfect sense. Missy had been held prisoner by the Chinese since before she'd turned fifteen; and the soldiers weren't well known for giving a damn about the pleasure of the young women they raped. Of course, by all accounts, most of them weren't known for their stamina, either... none of them stayed in the saddle long enough for the young women to get their rocks off... and of course, there were some poor women who, no matter how good and loving their partners were, just had a hard time cumming. She thought it through, and mentally thanked God she wasn't one of them. 

Somewhere, on a higher plane of existence, a Being on a high, Golden throne heard her silent prayer, and smiled. He looked into the young brunette's head for a moment, saw the mental block that had grown up there over the years of abuse she had suffered, and quietly removed most of it, leaving only enough to allow her to live a normal life. 

She would soon find out what an 'orgasm' was. She was, after all, one of his children; he wouldn't want her deprived of some small amount of pleasure if it was an easy fix.

Leeanne smiled gently at Missy. "An orgasm is kinda hard to describe, hun... it's different for every woman, I think... all I can really tell you is that you'll know it when you feel it. It's one of the most pleasurable experiences you'll ever have. Some women have a hard time having one... others, well... I've met a few that can have them just by riding a bicycle, or just from sitting on their lover's lap, kissing and caressing each other. I've known others who need to be in certain positions, or need long periods of foreplay; Like I said, it varies from one woman to the next. You just need to find the right man-or the right woman."

"WOMAN!?!"

"Sure. There are women here who can't stand to be near a man, babe, but have women as lovers instead. They're called lesbians. There are others who, I know for a fact, enjoy the company of both. We call them bisexual."

"But... but... how do two women...?"

"Like I said, dear... come to the party next week, I'll introduce you to some young friends of mine. They'll be happy to help you."

"Could ... could you... show me... "

Leeanne smiled sadly at her. "Honey, it isn't really my 'thing'... and even if it was, I have three more sessions scheduled today. I'll tell you what though, give me a sec, I'll see if there isn't someone who could help you out tonight. Hang on."

With that, she pulled out her cellphone, reached for the phonebook on her desk, looked through it for a moment, and dialed a number. 

Jeff answered his phone, surprised to hear Leeanne's voice.

"Oh, hi, Mrs. Davidson... how are you doing?"

"Ok, Jeff, but I have a young lady here with me who could really use some help... and it's the kind I can't really give her. Would you and Billie object to having a dinner guest tonight?"

"Well, you know I wouldn't... Let me give my girl a call, I'll have her call you. I'm a little busy at the moment, but I can make time for it."

"Oh! I'm sorry! I hope I'm not getting you in trouble!?"

"No trouble at all... the cornfield won't mind." he replied with a smile she couldn't see.

She grinned. "Ok, I'll wait for her call... she isn't doing anything time sensitive, is she?"

"No, as a matter of fact, she took the day off to go do a little grocery shopping and stop off at the clinic. I could just tell her to swing by your office as soon as she gets done."

"Oh, could you? That would be even better!"

"Sure, I'll call her right now. I'll talk to you later, Mrs. Davidson."

"Ok, thank you, Jeff."

Ten minutes later, BJ pulled up in the corridor outside of the clinic building. Jumping out of the golf cart, she walked in, not quite sure what to expect, only to find Leeanne talking in quiet tones with a young brunette woman about her own age, who glanced over at her nervously as she entered the small, two room office.

"Hi, Leeanne! What's up?" she asked as she reached out to give a warm hug to the woman who had helped her out, so many months ago.

Leeanne returned the hug, whispering in BJ's ear for a moment.

BJ sat down in the other chair facing the desk, while listening as Leeanne explained that Missy was a refugee from the base the latest operation had occurred at, nodding as she began to understand. While she did, she examined the young woman from the corner of her eye.

Missy was a medium height, slender brunette, who hadn't had time to really fill out much just yet. Small breasted and petite, she looked, in truth, like a teenager... until one looked into her eyes. Her eyes were old beyond her years.

She turned to look at Missy for a moment.

"Hun, have you been assigned quarters yet?"

Missy shook her head.

Leeanne cut in. "Missy and the other women from that base just arrived yesterday. I was going to make arrangements for her after this interview."

BJ smiled and shook her head. "Don't worry about it. I'll take her home with me. Jeff and I are going to try to start a family, and having another young woman around would be a big help... that is, if you'd like that, hun?" she replied, looking towards Missy. 

The young girl's eyes lit up. "You want me to stay with you?"

"Sure... we have three bedrooms, and right now, it's just the two of us. I can always use a bit of help around the house. I'm sure Jeff won't mind."

Missy pulled back a bit.

"You have a husband?"

"No, dear, I have a boyfriend. We live together. We might get married, but not just now. We're... well, we love each other, but neither one of us has mentioned getting married, just yet."

"I... I wouldn't get in the way, would I?"

"No, sweety... Don't worry, I think you'll fit right in with us. Trust me. Jeff and I both come from a village where the soldiers raided us regularly. We know what you went through; we've been there. We've got a lot of friends here who've been through it. We'll see about getting you into school, get you a job in here, and work on getting used to being free again."

"A job?"

"Oh yes... hun, we all work, here. I help out in the kitchens and at one of the daycares. Jeff works at the farms, and he's learning gunsmithing. A friend of ours works in the vehicle shop. Another works in the hospital, he's a nurse. Everybody here has some sort of job to do, and we all take the military training, of course."

Leeanne nodded. "The military training and the martial arts are voluntary, of course, hun... but most of the women we've freed from that slavery go for it. I think they like the idea of being able to fight back. In fact, about half of Sarah's squad, currently, are young women like you, who were once refugees from Chinese military bases. Sarah Jennison is the woman who leads the squad that freed you."

She scratched at her chin for a minute, and continued.

"I think most of them are just taking the training so they can get revenge, comes to that."

Billie Jean caught Leeanne's attention. "Can she stay here for a few more minutes? I have to go next door to the lab, have some blood work done. It shouldn't take more than ten minutes or so."

Leeanne nodded. "No problem... and thanks, dear. You're an angel."

"Well... half, maybe." BJ replied with a wink.

Missy went home with BJ, and was soon happily working in the milking barns... and learning to shoot a rifle. Hearing BJ and Jeff making love every night took a bit of getting used to, but she managed, and just being around the young couple did a lot to help her get used to being close to people again... particularly people of the male persuasion. Sometimes, laying in bed at night, listening to the moaning and smal cries of lust, she would find herself with a hand between her thighs, touching her most sensitive spots...

She also filled out physically, given the fact that she was finally on a good, steady diet. Jeff and BJ liked to eat well; some of the meals they put before her seemed to be too good to be true. The first night she was there, BJ had a slow cooker making beef stroganoff... although the 'beef' was actually venison. Jeff advised her to start out with small portions; he didn't want her to eat too much, too soon, and make herself sick. 

Still, within three months, she'd filled out nicely, and both Jeff and BJ were complimenting her on her new curves. After some experimenting, BJ soon had her fitted into a thirty four C-cup bra, and her hips widened out to thirty two inches.

A month after this, Jeff decided she was ready for her first party. He knew several of his friends who were attracted to the young brunette, and he invited a few of them, along with a few others, over for a party, splurging at the dispensary for an ounce of Hawaiian and an ounce of Thai pot, while BJ brought home several bottles of whiskey, a case of the Cave brewed beer, and several gallons of assorted fruit juices.
