  Yes, folks, I'm at it again; welcome to my latest chapter. I'm using this one to address several points that I glossed over before, and expanding on a few things that I felt weren't adequately covered before. Hope you continue to enjoy my tale.

*****

Over the course of the next three months, Jeff continued with the physical therapy prescribed by Dr. Karlson, sneaking in extra time in the home gym whenever BJ and Missy weren't looking. He knew he'd already missed out on a few small skirmishes, but he wanted to be back up to snuff for the next serious battle. 

Both of the young women knew he was doing it, of course. The new definition in his arms and legs was hard to hide, after all. 

Doctor Karlson noticed, as well. 

"Jeff, you've been cheating." It was a statement, not a question. 

Jeff gave him an embarrassed shrug. 

"I can't just sit around, Doc. I can only read the same book, watch the same movie, the same concert, so many times. When I'm bored, I hit the machines, try to get some extra time in. It's either that or cook, and I don't want my girl to see me getting fat, do I?"

"I suppose not. What's your diet look like these days?"

"Oh, the usual... cheeseburgers, pizza, lots of noodles... "

The doctor grinned. "No wonder you're worried about getting fat. Are you getting anything in the way of vegetables?"

"Some, yeah... BJ makes sure of that,... and I drink a lot of juice."

"Well, that's something, anyway. I hope you cut down on smoking a bit."

"Just a couple of joints a day... it helps with the soreness after a workout. Helps me sleep, too."

"Ok, well... most of your wounds are healed up nicely, and those that haven't are well on the way. I'll inform the Colonel that you're ok for light duty. You can go back to a regular schedule at the target range, too. Just don't overdo it. How many miles are you doing on that elliptical thingamabob?" 

"I don't know... there's no guage on it."

"Well, guess."

"Ummm... I don't know, maybe four or five at a time."

Karlson gave him a skeptical look... "Ok,... how many times a day?"

Jeff flushed a bit. "Five or six."

"Uh huh... or eight or ten, by the look of it. I want you to cut back on the breads and noodles a bit, get more in the way of protiens. More meats, fish, roasted or baked, not fried. Get some good venison and some of the buffalo beef... better for you than regular cow. What about this pizza? Mama's? "

"No, I make it myself. BJ found a recipe for 'Chicago style' with the toppings in the middle, crust on the top and bottom, both; kinda like a big sandwich. I make it with that sausage that Ronald's butcher shop makes, mushrooms, chopped onions, and banana peppers, lots of garlic, and three kinds of cheese. Provolone and parmesan in the middle, mozzarela in the edges of the crust."

"Damn! Next time you make that, call me! That sounds good!"

Jeff returned his grin. "Drop by this afternoon... I've got a half a pie in the fridge. It's just as good fresh from the microwave."

"You're on."

Jim and Jan awoke to find some of the lights working in the office of the small research base; this was a good thing, as now, perhaps, the elevators would work, as well.

The door opened, and Lieutenant Pete Grover poked his head in. 

"Colonel, Ma'am, we've gotten one of the Geothermal generators back online. We're cooking breakfast in the conference room on this floor, should be ready in about ten minutes. Coffee is ready now, and the rest of the supplies have been brought in from topside."

Jim thanked the younger man, choosing to ignore the furtive looks the boy had given to his wife's semi nude form. Hell, he'd been young once. Jan had stripped down to bra and panties before laying down with him, and he knew that she'd attract attention from a younger man... she had, after all, never failed to catch his eye.

The two of them dressed and set off in search of the conference room, following the smell of fresh coffee and warmed muffins, settling into seats there and enjoying a prolonged breakfast while discussing their plans for the day. Jim idly mentioned his dream of the night before, of an office on level five, and a safe there that they might want to have a look in.

His wife had a rather strange reaction... "I had that kind of dream, too... only it was level three. A hidden door, and a bunch of computers, labeled as a control room."

"Which one do you want to check out first?"

"I don't know... you said yours had a safe?"

He nodded. "I even remember the combination."

"Ok, let's go there first. I want to see what's in that safe... if it's really there."

Five minutes later, they were in the office, and Jim walked up to the painting, which matched his dream image perfectly, took it down... and it was there, exactly as it had been in his dream.

He tried the combination, half expecting it not to work. With a 'click', the lock disengaged, and he turned the handle, and the door swung open.

The only difference from his dream was the.44 magnum revolver laying on top of the notebooks, with three boxes of ammunition beside it. He took that out, checking it... fully loaded, with an extra hundred and fifty rounds. He stuck it in his pocket, then passed the notebooks to his wife.

John Davidson sat back and relaxed for the first time in several days. He was just back to the Militia base after an extended run to the southeast, and it would be nice to get a solid night of sleep without some raider crew trying to steal his horses and wagon. He and his crew had mapped three small towns, one of which had thought he was leading a new kind of bandit gang and had kept him under guard until they'd looked in the various boxes in the wagon... and even then, he'd sensed eyes following him and his two guards as they dickered over the goods he carried. Finally, though, the amount of goods he was carrying convinced them of his sincerity, and he and his men were welcomed, albeit grudgingly. 

When they saw the things he had to trade, they really opened up. Two crossbows and sixty quarrels for them, along with five boxes of candles and four big bottles of aged whiskey netted him several dozen still-sealed cans of pre-war coffee and three boxes of good, well seasoned firewood, along with a couple of dozen fresh tanned rabbit furs. He didn't want to look too easy, so he'd held out for a dozen fresh-baked corn muffins and a big blueberry pie to go along with it, and dinner for himself and his crew.

While he was there, he settled in the common hall for a bit, drinking small glasses of home made wine with some of the locals and gathering rumors of the local landscape. Over the course of the evening, he learned that there were two other villages nearby; one was in the ruins of a small suburb, while another was hidden in a pre-war factory of some sort. He tried to keep his face neutral as he gently prodded for more information on that one. He was polite about it, and discreet, and those who figured out what he was doing thought he was just looking for future business opportunities.

As the sun started to set, he and his two men, who were getting ready to set up their tents, were approached by a small group of couples... men with their wives and mates in tow... or so they thought.

One man, who they took to be some sort of village elder, stepped forward.

"Gentlemen, we're hoping you'll do us one more favor tonight."

John lifted an eyebrow... he thought he knew what was coming next.

"We're a pretty close community. A little too close, if you know what I mean."

John kept his face neutral, motioning for the man to continue.

"Yes... well, that kind of gives us a bit of a problem... most of us are related, one way or another... and we can't really breed any more. We were kinda hopin', that is... would you gents be willin' to bring children back to our village? These here women are all good breedin' age, none are less than twenty winters old, so they're matured enough to care for a child, but none of us can get them pregnant anymore. We're too closely related, y'see. If you would be willing, well... we'd be grateful."

Mike Sanderson looked at him as if he'd just hit the lottery. "You... you want us to get your women pregnant?"

The older man nodded. "It'll get some fresh blood into the village without getting new neighbors. We don't want anyone new movin' in, but you men ain't doin' that. You'll be movin' on in the mornin'. All of these women are gettin' close to their time of the month, so we know they're most likely fertile right now. They're all clean, and healthy, and they're all old enough. We wouldn't turn ya loose on our younger daughters... but we need more children, to keep the village alive. "

A quick head count totaled ten women... John looked over at Mike and Dennis and saw big smiles. "Ok... we'd be happy to. I have to say, it wasn't something I was expecting when we set out, but what the hell. How are we going to do this, though?"

The older man sighed in relief. "Don't know... I guess you and your men can pick women, or let the women pick you. We'll let you work that out."

Three of the women had already gone over to Mike... no surprise there, as he was called 'Big Mike' for a reason. At six foot seven, and two hundred and forty pounds of lean muscle, he was easily the biggest man amongst them. Dennis Jefferson was next in line, at six-four, and John was actually the shortest of the team, at five-eight. Four of the women walked over to Dennis, and the remaining three came over to John's side as the men of the village turned and left.

The young women led the team to what they called the 'guesting house', a sprawling, split level ranch that was set up for travelers, and upon getting inside, the young women drew lots, to see who would be getting into bed with who first, leading the three men to guess that this wasn't the first time they'd done this.

A young, buxom redhead stepped up to John, taking him by the hand. "I'm Charlene... but most people call me Charlie."

"Hello, Charlie... tell me... are you... okay with this? I mean... this isn't exactly... normal, is it?"

She giggled a little. "Well, the last time a stranger came through, the older women got him... so it's our turn. It's kinda normal. I don't want ta be havin' kids with my daddy, or my uncle, so I had to wait for someone like you to come through town."

Dennis was deep in conversation with a young woman who'd introduced herself as Darlene, who was apparently Charlie's sister, while Mike was talking to Lori, a chunky little brunette. Two of the young women had gone over to the fireplace in the big living room, building a fire in the hearth, and another reached to a shelf for a bottle of the home made wine.

John watched all of this with a bit of amusement; the thought crossed his mind that he'd best leave this out of his report. His girlfriend might not understand, and she wasn't exactly the forgiving sort. Then another thought occurred, and he looked outside towards the wagon.

Three men were standing around it, bows in hand, apparently as guards, while another was busily feeding the horses from a large plastic tub full of fresh cut grass. Another man walked up with two big buckets of water.

"Our goods will be ok?"

"Oh, yes, Sir. We want you to come back again... we don't get enough visitors here. My daddy doesn't take much to stealin', especially from traders. If we let anyone steal from you, you might not come back!"

As she said this, she was fondling his cock through his pants, and he returned the favor, reaching for one of her plump breasts. 

"Are you wantin' to go somewhere private, or were you planning on staying in this room?"

She smiled at him. "We can stay in this room... how else is Holly going to know when it's her turn?" she asked, pointing at a slender blonde, who looked like she was getting herself ready for him; she had one hand up under the thick sweater she wore, fondling her own small tits, and the other down the front of the loose sweat pants that she was wearing, apparently busily fingering her clit.

Charlie stood up abruptly, and dragged the thin shirt she was wearing off, followed by her pants, not the least bit self conscious, and the rest of the women in the room followed suit, leaving John and his team feeling like it was Christmas morning, and all of the gifts had just unwrapped themselves. She knelt down at John's feet, tugging at his boots, then his socks, then reached for his belt buckle, which he helped her with, feeling his dick spring free as she tugged his pants down.

He stood up then, lifting her to her feet and spinning her around to a seat on the old sofa, and smiled as she sat back and spread her legs wide. She had her eyes tightly closed, but they sprung open in surprise when he put her thighs on his shoulders and his lips closed over her exposed clit.

"Oh! I didn't think you were gonna do That!"

He didn't answer, just began licking her pussy intensely, fluttering his tongue over her clit one moment, licking all around her puffy, engorged pussy lips the next, driving his tongue into her exposed hole for long moments.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Nobody's ever licked me down there! Oh that's goooood"

He grinned and went back to fluttering his tongue over her clit as he stuffed a finger into her tight little hole, sawing it in and out of her for long moments before turning it, feeling for, and finally locating the spongy bit of tissue of her G-spot, massaging it lightly as his tongue continued it's ministrations.

Charlene lay back against the couch cushions, certain that she was about to pass out from the pleasure... and he hadn't even stuck his cock in her yet! She was no virgin; her cousin Ronnie had seen to that the previous winter, but she hadn't been with a man since then. Ronnie had been pretty disappointing anyway... he hadn't exactly been big on making sure she was wet enough, the night he'd popped her cherry, and hadn't lasted very long afterward before he blew his nut inside her.

This man, though... his chin was covered in her juices, when he finally came up for air; he stood up on his knees, leaning forward to kiss her slowly as he fitted the fat head of his cock to her now-slick entrance, and with a grunt, forced the first two inches of his hardness inside of her... she groaned as he entered her, then held there for a moment so she could grow accustomed to his intruding member, his hands busily fondling her soft, spongy tits for long moments before he gave a hard push. The rest of his cock slid into her, leaving her feeling stuffed, and once again he stopped, allowing her pussy to stretch out to hold him.

She looked across the room at Lori, who was happily bouncing away on Mike's cock; even from where she sat, she could tell that he was huge. Little Lori was grinning like a cat in a roomful of mice, as she rode what appeared at first to be a tree trunk. She was a little jealous, at first.

Then John began thrusting his own rather substantial piece of meat into her. He took long, slow strokes at first, then began to pick up speed as she started thrusting back at him, crying out in pleasure as he rammed into her.

On the other couch, across the room, her sister was on her hands and knees, holding onto one arm of the sofa as Dennis plowed into her tight little muff from behind; she was grunting like a little pig with his every push.

"Oh, God harder! Fuck me harder! Oh! Oh! Oh yeahhhh...!" she moaned as he slammed into her doggy style... 

He just smiled as he sped up his thrusting hips, pounding into her with an almost rabbit-like speed. He couldn't last long, though, at that pace, and was soon basting her insides with his cum, even as she experienced her first orgasm.

Charlene felt John painting her cervix with his own load, and locked her ankles together behind his head, holding him inside her for long moments so that his sperm could do it's work, making her a baby... not that she really cared at this point... that had been a fuck she'd remember for the rest of her life!

Mike maneuvered Lori underneath him and began pumping into her hard, finally losing control and sending jets of his cum deep inside of her, looking on in amusement as her eyes rolled back in her head. It was not exactly new to him, her reaction; his last girlfriend had been almost as small as she was, and the first time he'd had sex with her, his monster dick had made her cum so many times she'd passed out from sheer pleasure. He just smiled, lifting her in his arms and carrying her to a recliner, laying her in it to recover.

When he turned back to the couch, there was a tall redhead sitting in the spot Lori had just vacated. She smiled, curling a finger at him. "My turn, Big Boy."

He grinned, thinking idly that he could get used to this.

Joanne moved over to where Dennis had just pulled his cock from Darlene and stood at the head of the couch.

"C'Mon, Dar... help me get ready for him."

Darlene looked up at her with a grin. "Honey, there isn't much that'll get you ready for That... he's GOOD!" She replied; still, her tongue snaked out, licking away at her friend's clit. 

The redhead looked up at Mike and winked, saying "I'm Debbie." before taking his cock in her mouth, cleaning off the residue of his joining with Lori and getting him back to full hardness before he surprised her, pulling his cock out of her mouth and diving face first between her thighs to lap at her pussy like a thirsty pup. Within moments, she was practically gushing; he continued his oral ministrations for long moments, knowing she needed to be well lubricated before she could take his twelve inches. She lay her head back, moaning as she squeezed her own tits, feeling her orgasm building as he continued to lap quickly at her clit.

Charlene got up, without getting dressed, and walked to the kitchen to pour glasses of wine, while the slender blonde named Holly settled next to John, reaching for his lips with her own as she took his mostly soft cock in one hand, squeezing him lightly and releasing over and over again.

John reached for her small breasts, squeezing and fondling her, tweaking her hard little nipples as she began stroking him lightly. She licked her lips and bent forward, taking his cockhead in her mouth, sucking lightly, tasting his cum and Charlene's juices as she did, feeling him grow inside her mouth.

He reached for her shoulders, pushing her back against the couch, and returned the favor, settling between her thighs, finding that she had a bit of a stronger taste than her friend Charlene. He took to her shaved quim like a starving man at a feast, nibbling at her full labia and clit for long moments, until she was dripping wet. She let him continue until she couldn't take it any longer, until she moaned out the words "I need you inside me!"

He got up, sat back on the couch next to her, and grabbed her by the hips, spinning her to face him and pulling her into his lap, sliding into her as naturally as if they'd been doing this together all of their lives. She smiled down at him as she began to ride him, slowly, lovingly, increasing her speed a little at a time, until she was bouncing along on his hardness like there was no tomorrow. He nuzzled at her breasts as she did, nibbling and sucking at her thick, puffy nipples as she squeezed the muscles in her cunt to try to make him cum faster.

He took hold of her hips, rocking back up into her, feeling the familiar tingling in his nuts but not really wanting it to end.

Debbie leaned forward, moaning uncontrollably as Mike drilled into her from behind, his thickness stretching her nether lips as she'd had only once before. She wasn't a virgin, either... one of the boys in her village had seen to that.

She'd since had sex a number of times, with some of the traveling traders, and with a few of the young men from the next village over, when she'd met them at the local swimmin' hole... she'd fucked three of them one day, at one point taking two of their cocks into her pussy at once... stretching her wide, something she hadn't really recovered from, not completely, at least. Neither of them had been anywhere near as big as Mike, but the two of them together had stretched her sufficiently to make it easier for her to take him now.
