 Kylara stood dancing in her corner of the ring, her long, emerald green hair spiraling around her shoulders, and the red pupils in the center of her golden eyes tainted with fury. She let out a screech and clawed at the air in front of her as sweat dripped from her forehead and ran over her orange, scaly skin.

She was always one of the favorites in any tournament, but this was only the first bout , and she was already taking a beating from a lesser opponent. She had cuts on her chest just above the white cloth wrapped around her perky breasts, and she scratched at her face with one hand as blood flowed freely from under her left eye and her top lip was swollen to three times its normal size, but she vehemently refused any attempt I had made to patch her up.

The tiny lady in the corner, wearing the square pink hat, smacked three separate gongs signaling the third round, and the fighter on the other side of the ring dropped to all fours and bounded toward Ky in full attack mode, growling viciously as she came.

Toria was one of the newest fighters in the circuit, but it was becoming obvious to the critics and fans that even though she had minimal talent she made up for it with heart.

Ky met her in the center of the ring with a thunderous spin kick to the rib cage, it connected, but Toria's momentum sent them both tumbling to the ground as her teeth tore through the skin of Ky's thigh.

Ky hit the ground fairly hard, but popped back up immediately, and towered over the smaller girl as she lay sprawled out on the ground holding her side. Ky glared down at her knowing she could finish her right then with one crushing kick to her skull. She lifted her leg, cocked it at the knee and pointed her toes at Toria's jaw as the crowd erupted and begged for blood. 

"Get back to your corner!" I screamed but she pretended not to hear me. She raised her shoulders and her foot exploded downward. Toria tried to twist away but she didn't have the strength, or presence of mind. Her eyes bulged out and she howled painfully as Kylara's foot tore through the bottom of her face, crushing bone and tearing tissue. 

The tall skinny man with the floppy hair in the center of the ring raised his hands calling the fight, but Ky added one more kick, a blow to the midsection that left her opponent motionless on the ground. The crowd exploded with appreciation as Ky hoisted her trembling opponent into the air by the scruff of her neck, then booed as the official lunged across the ring, wrapped his wiry arms around her and wrestled her back to her corner.

On the inside I was bursting with pride, but I couldn't let Ky know that, not yet anyway. I secured her collar and shackles and led her back to the cage.

When I first found Kylara crying uncontrollably over the bodies of her fallen family members in the ashes of their hut on my maiden trip to the planet Nechteria, she was shy and small, with a remarkable anger problem. Most Nechtrins seem cold, incapable of deep emotion, but Ky was different her sense of feeling seemed to be at an extreme high. 

The first word she ever said to me was "Bah". At first I understood the interpretation to mean "father", but under deeper investigation I found it to mean "dear one" or "adored one", something you would say to a romantic partner. Despite the endearing words, she had kept herself distant, both physically and emotionally from me, only approaching when I was slicing up lemon or lime rinds for my daily brew.

I would learn later that she preferred the whole fruit, sucking it into her mouth as her narrow tongue slithered inside and sucked out the juices, and then she would retreat to the corner and munch on the peel. She also liked tender, overly ripe peaches.

Right now she stood, with her hands on the bars, shooting me her best attempt at a smile. The snorting sound coming from her nose and the slurping noise she made with her tongue let me know she was gloating over her crushing victory, but I could tell by the quiet in her eyes that she was also a bit ashamed. Ky was far from being completely domesticated, but I knew that more than anything she wanted to please me. 

I tossed her a couple handfuls of fruit, kissed her gently on the cheek and ran my hand over her long hair, down her spiny back, and under her fairly short, but extremely powerful tail and gave her a pat on her backside. Then I returned to my cabin.

I had a lot of thinking to do before our next bout. Ray'Na was the current champion and a devastating fighter. I was afraid that after the show Ky just put on, she'd be looking for blood. Ray'Na was a princess on her home planet, Sha'Nore, and the perfect fighter on this one. She was tall with broad shoulders and rippling muscles and would definitely be in a higher weight class if it wasn't for her short, tiny legs. She had a large powerful head with a curved horn jutting out from between her eyes and she used it with devastating force and precision.

I was afraid, not just to lose the match and be eliminated from the tournament, but at the possibility of actually losing Kylara. Over time, she had become my life, my friend, and my lover. 

We didn't usually have intercourse before a fight but I was actually considering it this time, because it could realistically be our last time. The better option would be to just not let her fight, but I knew there was no possible way she would let that happen. She was a fighter, and an entertainer and I was convinced she'd rather lose her life then spoil the show.

We definitely had a lot of training to do over the next week, but now, tonight, I just needed to rest, and I figured that even though it was the last thing on Ky's mind, she could probably benefit from it as well.

I fixed myself a pineapple, mango, brandy slushy, and after a few puffs from the willowy pipe, I sat meditating in front of the fire. Then I fell asleep to thoughts of the first time Ky and I made love. It was definitely scary, making yourself vulnerable to someone you knew could destroy you without much effort, especially since we were still learning to communicate at that point. Kissing was definitely frightening, but letting her take me into a mouth that could probably crush a coconut was mortifying, especially the thought of her tongue fucking my piss hole and sucking my balls back up through it, like walnuts through a straw. 

Kylara's main strengths in the ring are her agility, deceptive power and quickness in her legs, and leaping ability, but the scary part is here main weakness is taking a punch. There seem to be plenty of those to go around when you are in the ring with Ray'Na, so we spent most of the day working on dodging blows to the head.

I always enjoyed how focused Ky was, even just in the practice ring. Her eyes studied my every move, her hips seem to be in position to allow her to block each punch before I even decided which attack I was going to use. I love the sleekness of her hips, her perfect cut abs, and the way her breasts jiggled seductively even when she was dodging and feinting. It was the dance of death, and I was convinced no one could make it more appealing.

When she was done playing around, she turned, jumped up and swatted me across the chest with her tail. I stumbled backwards and fell in a seated position against the ropes, apparently right where she wanted me, because she snorted, skipped and then sat down beside me. She poked me playfully with her elbow, and flicked her tongue over my neck and ear. 

Most people, in this day and age, would agree that Nechtrins are the most beautiful species, by far, in the so far discovered universe, and Kylara was at the top of the list. Her skin, or hide, as most would call it, glistened like a jewel in the sun, and her hair smooth as corn silk, seemed to flow even when the wind wasn't blowing. She laid her head on my chest and I could smell her fragrance. 

When they are in heat, a female Nechtrin not only tends to shine like a neon light, and make high pitched screeches and squeals, but she emits a scent sweeter than a honeysuckle, that will break the will of any man. I have tried over time to build a tolerance, but have had little luck so far, and try as hard as I want to fight it, for Ky's sake, I don't see this time being any different.

Just when I thought, she was going to wrap me in her arms and smother me with kisses; she took my hand and stood. I jumped up, gazing into her eyes, but before I could say anything, she was leading me out of the ring, across the field, and up the hill.

"Where are we going? I asked as she raced forward and I huffed and puffed behind her. She stopped just long enough to look at me and say. "Eetz bu ti ful dere!"

She was right it was beautiful. The sun filtered down through the trees, and sparkled on the water from the creek which cut through a field of daisies, then spilled over the edge in a waterfall which filled a small little basin below.

Ky ripped of her sports bra and shorts and jumped in, causing a giant splash. "Cum een, da wata fine." She said giggling. 

I hesitated at first, but soon enough I was butt naked and jumping in after her. She chased me, splashing me with what seemed like waves of water as she trapped me against the waterfall. She grabbed my arms and pulled me underneath. Now, the kisses came, pouring down like raindrops. 

She pulled my head towards her chest and I took one of her nipples in my mouth. She squealed and stomped causing waves in the water around us. She took a step back and jumped up on a rock leaving her legs spread open for me. I could feel my mouth salivating as I walked towards her brushing my fingertips against her knees as my hand ran down her thighs spreading them further.

One major difference between a human woman and a Nechtrin, is the size of the little pleasure button under their hood. It's even smaller and harder to find if you can believe that, but when you do it doesn't take long to make them scream. Fortunately for me, I am über familiar with Ky's pleasure spot and within moments I had her singing a lovely song. She trembled beautifully, and as she dug her claws gently into my shoulders I entered her. I buried my cockf inside her letting myself and the world around us be soothed by her song. This was the woman I loved and I tried to make her remember it as if it was out last time.

After she came for the second time, I let her turn around and place her hands on the rock, then I rested her tail up on my shoulder, yanked back on a fist full of her hair and jammed two fingers straight up her asshole. She lunged forward letting out a snort and a howl, but I didn't get smacked by her tail so I figured she liked it. 

When we were done frolicking in the sun, I picked a daisy and placed it in her hair. After a few moments of holding each other we walked back down the trail, hand in hand. 

I had just finished putting Ky back in her cage and was kissing her good bye, when her smile turned to an angry scowl. I turned around and saw fear in Ray'Na's eyes.