 As always, nobody under eighteen is involved in any sort of hank-panky in this story, and any similarities with real life are purely accidental. 

-[::]- 

As Jack Terrence stepped through the front door of his apartment, he dumped his jacket on the hat rack he'd picked up... somewhere, barely noticing the way the lights came on unbidden and the soft sound of music began to fill the air. 

"Good evening, Jack," a feminine voice said from seemingly nowhere. "A good day?" 

Running a hand through his short dark hair, he ambled into the lounge and dropped himself into a sprawl on the couch. 

"Meh." 

"The same as usual, then." 

Jack smiled tiredly to himself, glancing over at the screen that took up most of one wall and shrugging. "Pretty much, yeah. Did I miss anything whilst I was at work?" 

The household AI, though definitely of the non-sapient variety, was still very efficient and well programmed. The wall screen came to life, various windows shimmering into life on its surface while behind them an image of some rainforest or other provided a backdrop. 

"The latest episodes of your selected shows have been recorded and are ready to watch at your leisure. Three mails await your attention from official sources, as do fourteen calls from your mother." 

Jack snorted at that last part. With a week or so left until she got married again -- for the fourth time -- his mother was demonstrating all the calm and serenity of a hamster on amphetamines. 

"Monthly bills have been paid," the AI continued, "and the dinner order you mailed me earlier has been passed on. Estimated delivery time is 43 minutes." 

Absently, he nodded, muttering a "thanks" as he kicked off his shoes, hauled himself to his feet, and shuffled off toward the bathroom. A short while later, freshly showered and feeling moderately more human after a day at work, he took a moment or two to study himself in the mirror. Working construction was not the sort of job to promote physical fitness, these days. Not when most of the job involved bossing drones around as they did all the heavy lifting. 

That didn't mean he wasn't going to let himself fall out of shape, though. There was a gym only a few minutes from his apartment, and he saw no reason not to use it... And besides, it actually worked out cheaper in the long run than body sculpting, and had even become a pretty major part of his social life. 

With that thought in mind, he tapped the corner of the mirror, glanced at the time/date display that appeared just under its surface, and nodded to himself. There was plenty of time yet before he was due to meet up with a bunch of his friends, and with dinner on the way, he was going to be able to fit in at least one of those recorded shows before heading out. 

As he tried to decide which one to watch, he shrugged into a bathrobe and wandered back to the couch. "Gimme Void Hunters please, Amy." 

"Of course," the AI replied, and the wall screen blazed to life with the opening credits of the show. 

-[::]- 

Pleasantly stuffed by good pizza, and dressed in a ratty jeans and t-shirt combo most places would have tossed him out for daring to show up in, Jack stepped through the door and into the breezy, open plan bar. Off to one side, the counter stretched across one bamboo wall, whilst tables, stools, and chairs dotted the bare wooden floorboards. A pleasant breeze wafted in from the beach outside, and something cheerful and bouncy warbled out of the old-looking jukebox in the corner as he nodded amiably to everyone that was already there. 

"'Sup guys," he said loudly enough to be heard over the music, then stopped and blinked in surprise at the sight of what was standing behind the bar counter. Of all the things he might have expected to see there, a two meter tall cartoon rabbit with pale blue fur and a fat cigar in its mouth was not one of them. 

A couple of chuckles sounded from around the place at his reaction, then he sighed, shook his head in bemusement, and ambled over that way. 

"Your kids get at your avatar settings again, Duke?" 

The rabbit grinned, pulled a frosted bottle from under the counter, and handed it over. 

"And I suppose that's how you look in meat space, hmm?" 

Jack just shrugged again, twisted the top off of the beer, and took a swig. In fact, his appearance was pretty much accurate, though probably a bit more attractive than he figured he was. That was one of the perks of cyberspace, of course, and there was no way at all anyone here was going to be able to tell that he was actually laid out on his couch at home, still in his bathrobe, with a wireless 'trode headset resting on his brow. 

Just like there was no clue as to where anyone else in the bar was in reality, in fact. 

"Yo, Jack!" came a call from one of the tables, and he grinned as he walked over. A hand was waved at one of the empty chairs, and he nodded in friendly greeting at the trio of guys already sat there. 

"Gentlemen," he said, then his smile turned sly. "For want of a better word." 

That got him a couple of laughs, and one of the three -- Sahim -- grinned back at him and started shuffling a deck of cards. Laying a hand on the tabletop, Jack concentrated for a second, then lifted the hand away from the stack of poker chips that had materialised on the wooden surface. 

Things dropped into a well-worn groove at that point, with friendly banter, casual insults, and the latest domestic gossip from four widely scattered parts of the world, flowing with ease as hand after hand of cards was played. It was easy to loose track of time, and Jack did -- though the occasional breaks for someone to head over to the bar for refills gave at least some measure of how long they'd been at it. 

Eventually, though, things wound down, and with Sahim and Carl saying their goodbyes as they took their leave and logged out back to reality. Christoph was soon engaged in a cheerful argument with a couple of other bar patrons over... something, and Jack leaned back against the bar, sipping at a fresh bottle as he gazed out at the sunny beach that lay outside the bar's open walls. 

After a while, he became aware that he wasn't the only one doing so, and glanced over to one side at the person next to him at the bar. His immediate reaction was to wonder just how much the illusory buzz of the beer had dulled his senses, given that he'd somehow failed to notice when someone who looked like that had set herself so close by. 

In keeping with the tropical décor, she'd clothed herself in a bikini and sarong, both in shades of deep red and doing an excellent job of highlighting a figure with skin the colour of good, dark coffee and was definitely worth more than a passing glance. He had to remind himself not to pay more attention than was polite, but the smile in her lips, humour dancing in the brown eyes looking back at him, suggested she might not really mind... 

"Hi." 

Her voice carried the faintly musical sound of the Caribbean, and Jack couldn't help but return her smile with one of her own. "Hi," he replied, then immediately felt a bit stupid and offered a hand. "Jack." 

"Sparrow," she said back, giving the offered hand a shake before brushing a hand through an artfully messy mop of short, dark hair and nodding toward the beach. "That's a hell of a view. Not one I get to see that often." 

"Oh?" 

Sparrow gave him a lop-sided grin and a shrug that had him concentrating on her face instead of where he felt his eyes wanting to wander. 

"Yeah, not a lot of beaches where I work." 

He was torn between asking and not when a small window appeared in his vision, the digital equivalent of a business card, and the information she'd just sent him explained a lot. 

"UN Aerospace Force, huh? That's... a hell of a job." 

And not the sort of thing that had ever appealed to him... But he wasn't dumb enough to criticise anyone who signed up for the Peacekeeping forces, especially not the part that tended to involve spending very long stretches of time cruising in deep space. 

"It's got its moments," Sparrow replied, then glanced over her shoulder to give Duke a nod of thanks when his fuzzy paw deposited a coconut shell of something on the counter for her. Jack nearly rolled his eyes at the tacky, over the top collection of little paper umbrellas and such sticking out of the top, but kept his mouth shut -- mostly so the daft-looking rabbit behind the bar wasn't tempted to give him the same thing. "Including some very impressive sights." 

He could imagine, and felt maybe just a tiny bit jealous of the fact he could only ever see such things on TV or online. Still, he wasn't going to complain, and instead raised his bottle to his lips and took a swig as Sparrow got a faraway look in her eyes. She shook it off after a second, giving him a lopsided grin, picking up her coconut and eyeing it as if she was trying to figure out how to get past the decoration to the actual drink. 

"What's the furthest out you've been?" 

Jack didn't really expect that to come out of his mouth, and very nearly apologised for it before she shrugged easily and simply pulled the assorted junk out of her drink, dropping it on the bar. "Let's just say that you don't get decent sunsets on Charon." 

After a moment to place the name, Jack's eyebrows went up at the realisation of what her answer implied. He might have kept an eye on the news, but he'd never really registered the idea of people going that far... 

"That's..." 

He wasn't sure how to continue, but that didn't seem to matter as Sparrow laughed softly and shrugged again. "I prefer shore leave in this sort of place, though. More fun -- and more new faces that I haven't already pent a few months getting sick of the sight of." 

They both sent a sidelong look Duke's way, then they were both chuckling. 

"I take it you're on vacation, then?" 

Sparrow answered his question with a 'so-so' waggle of a hand. "Last night before we head out again. Thought I'd get a little action in beforehand." 

The rather frank way she looked him over as she spoke had Jack swallowing his drink rather awkwardly, and he had to take a moment to catch his breath. Sparrow left him to it, watching the waves lapping against the sand outside as she sipped at her coconut with a small smile on her lips. 

"That's, uh... Not what I was expecting." 

"Does it bother you?" 

Jack shook his head quickly, and she gave a satisfied little nod before putting her drink down on the bar. Slipping a hand into his, she looked up at him with that same hint of a grin and a playful glint in her eyes. 

"Well?" 

"Well what?" 

The moment it came out of his mouth, Jack wanted to kick himself for being that damned dense. In his defence, he hadn't actually had that much experience with this sort of thing, but that was no excuse for uttering something so... dumb. Sparrow just grinned, though, and a notification flared in the corner of Jack's vision, a message from the server hosting the bar telling him that she'd requested a private instance be set up, and inviting him to join her there. 

"Want to help a sailor out?" 

-[::]- 

As the shimmering blur of the transfer faded, the first thing Jack noticed was that it was night time. Stars speckled the darkness above, and a quick look around showed that he was now standing on the deck of what looked like one of the boats that could be seen from the bar. 

In fact, when he looked around a bit more, he saw lights spilling over the beach that lay couple of dozen meters away, illuminating the same bar that they'd both been standing in a moment before. Music drifted across the water, something low and rhythmic, and a flicker of movement in the corner of his eye had him turning to see what it was. It turned out to be Sparrow, a smile on her lips and her eyes closed as she swayed in time to the music. There was just enough light reaching them from the beach for Jack to be able to see clearly, but her dark skin blended better with the shadows than his own, which meant he felt himself watching more closely than he might have in better light. 

Or maybe not, given the way her hips had started to sway, hands rising over her head as the sarong she wore billowed with every movement. 

"Wow," he said softly. "You're good at that." 

"Practice," she shot back, grinning as she span on a heel. A moment later, Jack found himself catching the sarong as it flew toward his face, accompanied by a giggle from its owner, and he grinned back. As Sparrow carried on dancing, he thought for a few moments, then his smile turned sly as he ran the fabric through his hands. 

Her playful mood was almost infectious, and he stepped closer, quite obviously enjoying the show as she began to run her hands ever so enticingly over her skin. Something about how she was doing it had him wondering if the show was for him or herself, but when he got close enough he stopped thinking about that and acted. 

"Oh!" 

Sparrow's exclamation was surprised, but also amused as he whipped the sarong around her, holding an end in each hand and trapping her close to him with the material. The dancing paused for a moment as she looked him up and down, then her lips twisted in a cheeky smirk as she started to turn and say inside the circle made by his arms and body. 

This close, Jack couldn't really see as much of her as before he'd moved in, but seeing her wasn't so big a deal when she turned her back on him and stepped backwards, pressing herself against him and shooting him a flirty little grin over her shoulder. 

"Enjoying the show?" she asked, and there was really only one answer he could give. 

"It's worth watching," he replied, then suddenly became rather aware of the fact that a particular part of him was starting to show its own appreciation as well. He started to move back a bit, but Sparrow simply followed him, carrying on with her slow, fluid dance -- and making damned sure that her backside was grinding against the fast-hardening bulge in his jeans. 

"Hmm..." she purred. "Seems like you're getting into the spirit of things." 

"Hard not to," popped out of his mouth, then winced a little at the unintended pun. Sparrow giggled again, her hands moving behind her to rest on his hips, and when she tilted her head to one side there was only an instant's hesitation before Jack lowered his head and brushed his lips over the soft, dark skin of her bare shoulder. 

When that was met with a low hum of approval, he carried on, tracing a line of gentle kisses up to the side of her neck. Dropping the sarong, he put his hands around her waist, and Sparrow's response was to push her hips backward, making them both well aware of the way the hardness in his jeans was pressing into the crack of her ass. 

"Keep going," she breathed, her movements slow and deliberate as she carried on her sensual dance. Happy to oblige, Jack ran his hands up over her belly, carefully stroking his way up her body until they reached the satiny fabric of her bikini top. He paused, waiting to make sure she was okay with what he had in mind, and her answer was to arch her back, pressing her backside into him even harder whilst offering easy access to what that top semi-concealed. 

As he cupped her covered breasts, she purred again, and he could feel the hardness of her nipples through the fabric. Stroking through the material, he teased those peaks even higher, feathering a few more kisses across her shoulders as his fingers hooked under the top and pulled it gently open. With her full, round breasts exposed, he went back to the gentle, teasing touches, and Sparrow let out something that sounded like a sigh. 

"You like?" she asked softly, a smile in her voice, and he gave her tight nipples a gentle tug by way of an answer. "I guess so," she chuckled, then her slow dance stopped as she turned herself to face him. 

Slipping a hand around the back of his neck, she pulled his head down until their lips met, and there was little more than a second or so of that touch before their tongues met and the kiss turned hot and hungry. As Jack's hands found their way to her butt, stroking and squeezing as he probed her welcoming moth with his tongue, Sparrow's went between them, grabbing at the fly of his jeans and working them open. As soon as she had enough access to do so, she shoved a hand down the front of his boxers, and he groaned as her fingers wrapped around the length of his dick and began to stroke him. 

When they came up for air, the pair of them stood there, brows resting together and breath mingling as they carried on exploring the others' body. 

"This is insane," Jack said softly, and he felt Sparrow smiling back at him. 

"You complaining?" 

"Not at all," he chuckled back. 

"Good to know. For a moment, I thought all the blood had drained down here..." 

A squeeze made it abundantly clear where she was referring to, and he had to grit his teeth as a spear of pleasure spiked through him. "Not all of it," he managed after a moment, then lifted her head to look around briefly before kissing her deeply once more. 

Shifting his hands, he boosted her up, getting a good hold on her backside and grinning against her lips as she let out a little squeak of surprise. She certainly didn't complain, though, if they way she put her arms and legs around him was any indication. And he was hardly going to object to the fact that holding her like this just so happened to make sure her hot snatch was pressed against his half-exposed cock. 

Carefully, he carried her over to the rail at the side of the boat's deck, then reluctantly broke the kiss so he could speak again. 

"Down again," he told her softly, and almost groaned when she unfolded her legs again and regained her feet. Pulling back a bit, he smiled down at her, then put a gentle pressure on her hips to turn her around. 

"What you got in mind, hmm?" 

Her voice was teasing, but she turned, hands resting on the rail as she looked back over her shoulder at him. 

"I thought I'd go exploring," he grinned back, and when she raised a questioning eyebrow at him, planted another kiss on her lips before lowering himself to one knee -- which happened to put that beautifully curved ass right in front of him. 

"Exploring, huh?" she asked, then laughed happily. "Let me just help you with that..." 

Sparrow shifted her feet, spreading her legs a bit so he had a perfect view of the way her bikini bottom stretched across her backside, and the little damp spot that stained the red fabric where it lay across her sex. 

Leaning in, he started planting tiny kisses across the insides of her thighs, and as the delicious scent of her wetness filled his nose, he could hear the little sound of pleasure she let out at his touch. Working his way toward her core, Jack finally pressed his mouth to where satiny material stretched over her slit, and the nectar seeping out of her soaked through to his lips. 

"Ohhhyeah..." Sparrow breathed, then wiggled her butt a bit in a pretty clear hint he should stop messing around and get on with things. 

He was more than happy to oblige, and slipped a finger under the bikini's fabric, pulling it aside and exposing the slick heat of her pussy. With deliberate attention to detail, he traced the tip of his tongue along her slit, savouring the taste of her before pressing it against her folds. As his mouth probed her, Sparrow let out a low moan and pushed herself back to meet him, her scent and taste nearly overwhelming him as he put his hands on her ass and spread it as wide as he could. 

Catching the hard nub of her clit in his lips, he nibbled and sucked at it until she cried out, shivering as pleasure rushed through her, until eventually she reached back to put a hand on his head and push him back a touch. 
