 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 51: Back

"That seemed like a good one." Observed Ashyr's amused voice once her lovers ended their roleplaying of Selene forcing Goelon. She flopped onto the bed beside the other two. There was a lazy look in her eye, and her breath was heavy. She might have climaxed while watching the other two and touching herself. Ashyr hadn't made enough noise to know for sure; she didn't want to interrupt or distract them from the show they were putting on, of course.

Selene let out a breathy laugh. "Yes." The younger drow confirmed. The younger drow actually let herself be pulled down onto Caleldir's chest. Another time, a few weeks ago, she would have not allowed it at best and, at worst, freaked out. She shifted only enough to get more comfortable before relaxing into his arms. Her body still shuddered occasionally with pure pleasure. It also made her core unintentionally twitch and flex against him for as long as he remained inside her. "I think I like that game." She admitted further. "Almost makes me wish it was the real thing. Almost." He could have wasted her if it was the real thing. She would have to get some sort of restraint that would hold him without depending on her own magical power... which led to an interesting train of thought.

Caleldir chuckled. His first instinct was simply agree with her, but her knew how her fetishes worked. "I will not admit that I like it. I know that I should not like playing the rape victim, but you make me like it despite myself." He paused to hear Selene exhale out of her nose more forcefully than usual. It was a lazily amused sound, not quite a laugh, but approaching such a noise. "But as for doing it with my real alter-ego... I am not sure how you would do that. I almost got into his mindset, but straight-up killing me to summon him is probably not something that we want to bring into the bedroom. If nothing else, we would give Ashyr a heart attack."

"That's too kinky even by drow standards." Ashyr agreed as she entangled herself with the other two.

Another amused sound came from Selene. She was feeling strangely... good, just staying connected as they were. It was something she never did before; it felt too intimate. Instead of contemplating the implications, she focused her mind on an easier subject: restraining Goelon. "Caleldir? Do you think Goelon can phase through cold iron? Does it hurt to touch it, or just hurt really bad if used as a weapon?" Selene asked. "In case, you know, we have to keep Goelon from doing anything bad." And totally not for molestation reasons. Mostly.

"No. He cannot phase through Cold Iron, and, like with me, it is only slightly painful. More uncomfortable, really, like rubbing up against unpleasantly tingly sandpaper. Not fun, but not all that awful either. The real issue is that his telekinesis is powerful enough that he could simply unlock it, or rip anyone nearby to shreds, unless they were heavily protected." He sighed. "I really doubt that Goelon would ever attack you, despite his prickliness, I am still him enough that he likes the people I like, and dislikes the people who I dislike, although when I am him, his perspective is really quite skewed. The main danger is that he has a tendency to life-drain everything until I am back, because he likes me more than he likes himself, whatever I say about my own weakness while I am him."

"I wonder if Althaia still has that collar we used on Caleldra. It suppressed her mind magic. If that could cover his life drain as well as his telekinesis..." Selene mused aloud.

"We'll have to ask her." Ashyr said, cutting off her cousin's thoughts. 

A look of confusion passed over Caleldir's face. "Wait. What collar?" Caleldir asked in the tone of one not quite certain as to the turn of the conversation. "Althaia had a psionics-suppressing collar? Did you mention that in your story? I do not remember that..." He had no reason to disbelieve it, but to him that detail had just sort of come out of left field. 

"Yeah, there was a collar. Caleldra agreed to wear it so we wouldn't be all jumpy around her. But we took it off when we fought the mechanical guy and I don't think we ever put it on again. She ended up behaving anyway." Ashyr explained. 

"So far it hasn't been an issue - but we may need to think of something if you ever die in the Underdark, as we'll effectively be in a moderately large town. If you die down there, we have to figure out a way to keep him from draining my people."

"I do not think that Goelon would go around draining allies. He has my memories, even if I do not have his. He generally is not the type to do things that will have directly negative effects on me. Unless he is bored. More than likely, he would drain any nearby enemies, and then head out of town. Then again, that is only what my instincts say. I have no way of verifying."

"It's the 'more than likely' and 'unless he's bored' that we have to prepare for. Selene's right - if not exactly for the right reasons; we'd be foolish not to have some sort of plan in place." But they could discuss it when the whole party was present and they knew what tools they had at their disposal.

He made a noncommittal sound, and the conversation fell silent. After a few more minutes of cuddling with both of them (Caleldir reached out one of his arms to wrap around Ashyr, still not willing to break his connection with Selene) Caleldir finally sat up. "We should get going." He said as he watched Selene get off of him Caleldir let his arm trail down hers for a moment, breaking contact only at the last moment. Then she disappeared into the bathroom. "We have a city to conquer. Or an estate to reclaim. One of those."

"As much as I would love for Faust to pay, I guess we probably should address the Duskhaven problem." Ashyr said with a good deal of regret in her voice. "But, like I said, we should stop by the druid town first. Then we can either send a message to or go visit the mercenaries. I did make a deal with them; they want a piece of my brothers themselves."

"Agreed: head for the druid town and get a bearing of events. I think in our Spider-Tank we can get there in two days. Two and a half if we avoid major settlements." He leaned over to give Ashyr a small kiss, but instead Ashyr grabbed him by the back of his neck to kiss him more thoroughly. A look of surprise passed briefly over Caleldir's face. He returned it though, of course. When it was over, he stood up, stretching. Because Selene was using the bathroom, he began to magic himself clean. He made something of a show of it for Ashyr's benefit, taking a bit longer than strictly necessary. 

"We should try to avoid settlements. I'd rather not terrify people with the spider thing and give some guards the wrong idea. And we need to avoid Naliira's forest - no need to distress her further (or lose you again.)" Ashyr responded as she freely ogled Caleldir.

Caleldir nodded. "I agree on every count. The spider-tank is a bit on the intimidating side, but Naliira would still be able to take it out and take me, if she was still inclined. Dying or not, she is still a demigoddess. So the next settlement we'll stop at is Dria's town. Seeing as it has been a little over a month since we set out from there, I am interested to see what has happened in our absence. I would also like to pay a call to Carlotta. Not that kind of call, Ashyr, do not give me that grin." Caleldir was not looking at her expression at the moment, so he did not actually know if she had 'that grin' on her face, but took a gamble that she probably did. "Carlotta is not into men, I gather. If you want to pay that sort of call though, I certainly do not mind." Having finished cleaning himself, he dressed in his ordinary outfit.

Ashyr laughed aloud. "The little human likes you well enough. Even if you are male." She commented. 

He shrugged. "I am probably just that pretty." He noted. "I mean, stick a wig and a dress on me, and I could pass for a flat-chested woman." He thought on that for a moment. "Actually, that would explain why 'Caleldra' would be able to impersonate me so well. Anyway, Althaia might want to meet Carlotta too. Speaking of which, where is the nymph? It is not like there is a townful of people to seduce around here..."

Ashyr gave him another broad grin and pulled out R.I.S.A's figurine. "I may have put a succubus and a nymph in the same room and locked the door." She explained with an enormous amount of mischief in her expression. "Last I checked, the nymph was passed out. We should wake her up if she isn't already awake."

Now dressed, he sat back down at the table. "Err... a succubus and a nymph together... that sounds like a bad recipe." It was clear that he had begun imaging what had probably happened, and suddenly his pants were a little bit tighter. He shook that thought from his head.

"Don't lie to yourself; it's an amazing recipe." Ashyr laughed. She couldn't see his pants tighten, but it would not have surprised her to know about it. By that point, she knew the look Caleldir got when he found something at once arousing and awful. "Gets us lots of power to expand or do... whatever else she's capable of." Ashyr shrugged. She wouldn't be surprised if their A.I. didn't quite know her capabilities. After all, this was the first time she'd been able to get her 'hands' on living beings since becoming a fake succubus. 

"So, a nymph and a succubus get together, and the result is the world's most sexy power plant." Caleldir said dryly. "I suppose that there are worse things in life." He thought about what R.I.S.A. might be capable of. "Well, she can power and repair the Spider Tank. Maybe even adjust its design, and manipulate its size. That would be useful." 

Contemplating that, Ashyr activated their pocket dimension. "Remember: R.I.S.A. can't handle your disapproval. Do try to accept her as she is."

"Of course I will accept R.I.S.A." He said shortly. "I am not a monster." All the same, he swallowed as Ashyr opened the pocket portal, and stepped in with caution.

Althaia stumbled out of bed. She was naked and disheveled, but being physically incapable of looking anything less than perfect, that hardly mattered. "Oh! Good morning!" She said cheerfully. She sniffed. "I see you two have been having fun as well!"

R.I.S.A.'s voice echoed through the dimension. [Good morning, Mr. Hissael and Ms. Duskhaven.]

"Good morning, Althaia." Ashyr said with her signature mischievously wicked grin. "R.I.S.A, you don't have to communicate with just your voice if you don't want to. I told Caleldir about your nature. He doesn't hate you for it. It may take some getting used to, but that would be true for any big change." There. She felt that her part in it was finished now. The A.I. and her only surviving creator needed to talk the rest out between themselves.

Selene wandered out of the bathroom. The mage chose to be a silent observer to the goings-on. By that point, she was dressed and looked ready to go for a terrifyingly fast spider ride. As ready as she could be, anyway.

[Is... is this true, Master Librarian?] R.I.S.A. said hesitantly.

"That is the case, R.I.S.A." Caleldir in a solemn tone. "I have been made aware that you are now truly a female not just feminine, with sex as well as gender. I am proud of you, that you were able to grow so powerful and keep yourself together so well in the absence of all of us."

[You flatter me...] R.I.S.A. said with obvious pleasure. She appeared in the air in her normal form: detailed but for the naughty bits. She seemed rather ill at-ease, striking a self-conscious pose. So, you are not mad?

Caleldir relaxed, giving her a smile. "With my luck, I feared that you would either go mad and try to murder us all, or take me by force, or something equally insane. The fact that you have evolved beyond that is a testament to the strength of your soul: a strength that you built for yourself, not one we built for you. I could not be more pleased."

R.I.S.A. made an undignified noise that was something like a squeal, and pulled Caleldir into a tight embrace. It was hard to tell, with her pressed into him like that, but it seemed that she was becoming more material, and certain... details were appearing. The man looked shocked for a moment, before returning the hug somewhat awkwardly. "You feel real." He said incredulously. After a few seconds, where R.I.S.A. showed no sign of letting go, he pulled away. An embarrassed look crossed the A.I.'s face, and she warped away, striking her ordinary, professional pose as she returned to her ordinary appearance.

Meanwhile, Ashyr went to the paladin and smoothed down a part of the nymph's hair that was particularly disheveled. "Isn't she an amazing find?" The ranger commented about R.I.S.A.

Althaia tittered lightly. "I could not agree more"

The ranger looked pleased. "Anyway, looks like we're sticking with the plan to go to Duskhaven by way of the druid town first, unless you have any objections. I think that's the only thing you missed. Oh, and some speculation about restraining Goelon - for safety purposes, Selene - still got that collar we used on Caleldra, by chance?" Everything except for the part where she addressed her cousin was soft enough not to disturb the other conversation going on between Cal and R.I.S.A. The younger drow must have heard her older cousin, because she scoffed at Ashyr's side comment.

"I have no objections to going to a town full of druids. That is nearby my home, right?" Althaia thought for a moment about the collar, before shrugging. "I still have it. Goelon cannot drain my life energy (literally, he cannot. It would poison him) so if he gets out of control I will slap it on him. Satisfied?"

"That works. I'm not sure it'll even be necessary... but it would be foolish to just assume something like that." Ashyr shrugged. She glanced over in time to see (partial) creator and creation hugging - Caleldir looked sort of awkward, but R.I.S.A seemed delightfully overjoyed. And... a little on the... detailed... side. The older drow looked nothing but amused at the exchange. Good. That was one party dynamic that she didn't have to worry about.

"Are we about ready to get going?" Selene asked the rest of the party with a haughty sniff. The mage was not so keen about the A.I. embracing her male... er, Caleldir without so much as asking permission from anyone who had a claim on him. At least she returned to professionalism soon enough, and gave her an apologetic look. It was for that reason that Selene chose not to say anything. Besides, she was still sort of happy that they had finished their mission so successfully. Her hand fell to her stomach, a common enough gesture these days. The child she carried would now be without a doubt one of the greatest drow to ever live. It was hard to feel truly hostile with that so fresh in her mind.

"Yeah, we should get moving." Ashyr agreed. Bard jumped up from his corner of the room at those words and began his usual routine of being way more excited than was probably healthy. 

--

And so, the party made a much quicker, spider-aided journey through the cursed lands of Deusterra and the vastly more pleasant terrain of Clachleom. The drow seemed happy enough to keep up the routine they'd set while going towards the monastery. They'd push to start early for travel, stop for meals and to rest their mount, then Ashyr would try to get more combat practice in with Caleldir and/or Althaia, finally the drow would retire to R.I.S.A's bedchamber and couple with anyone who was interested in doing so/asked nicely enough. 

Caleldir had lots of sex with the two drow, and once or twice with the nymph, who each time made a big show of it for Ashyr's benefit. R.I.S.A. had sex with Ashyr and Althaia only when Caleldir was, for whatever reason, not around, while Althaia, of course, had sex with everybody as often as they allowed. She did not leave the group again this time through. But though R.I.S.A. only acted perfectly professional when Caleldir was looking, Ashyr noted at several points that when he was not looking, she (and her sensors) were rather obviously ogling him. The A.I. certainly watched very intently when the drow and Caleldir were going at it (though she did so invisibly) and a few times while Caleldir and one or two of the drow were having sex, the entire pocket dimension shuddered as it did whenever R.I.S.A. orgasmed. Althaia certainly noticed this fact, and once when she and Ashyr were alone the nymph speculated on how, exactly, a hologram could masturbate. It was apparently a topic she had spent a disturbing amount of time thinking about. 

Despite everything, Caleldir remained oblivious. He spent a lot of his time trying to create a cure for motion sickness (which Selene was still suffering from), and unless directly addressed, tended not to notice anything but his research. Eventually, round about halfway through the second day, he suggested that Selene just remain in the pocket dimension while they were moving. After all, there was no reason why she had to ride on the spider. Selene absolutely refused to stay inside R.I.S.A's dimension even though at least Ashyr and Caleldir both suggested that she stayed there to avoid the motion sickness. She mumbled something about being trapped alone with a succubus, being treated just like they had treated the human who had temporarily been in their party. Apparently it was a matter of stubborn pride with the younger drow. She endured riding the spider tank, and managed to never quite lose her most recent meal in the process. Selene simply acted more grumpy than normal.

For three days this went on, which was a little longer than Caleldir's estimation due to all the people they had to avoid and the times Selene made them take a break.

They were halted unexpectedly just outside the territory of the druid town. Trees that Ashyr swore adamantly were not there before blocked the massive tank from being very useful. It was as if the whole forest went through a massive growth spurt that covered any roads or pathways they might have used. The forest floor was now absolutely choked with undergrowth to the point where even walking would be annoying. And it was incredibly wet. The rain started half-way through the last day of travel and went from miserable steady trickle to complete deluge then back again to start the process anew. 

"This is... disturbing." Ashyr told the rest of the party. It wasn't so much the rain she worried about - it was pretty normal for this time of year - but the forest had changed so much that she didn't recognize a damned thing. 

"Agreed." Althaia said cheerfully. "In fact, it looks like some faerie woman laid another trap for mister kidnap victim over here. Overgrown forest? Seems like something my sisters and I would get up to." Despite her dismissive words, the nymph seemed worried. "The magic here is strange..." she whispered.

Caleldir rolled his eyes. "I think that plotline has been done to death. No need for re-runs. Any way, Althaia, as the world's only paladin/druid, can you help us through the forest?"
