 Danielle groaned as she adjusted her bra once again. The straps cut into her shoulders and the band bit into her breasts, which overflowed the cups. Her new shirts weren't much better, several rode up and didn't touch the tops of her hips anymore, and others failed to reach her navel. All they had in common was how they stretched taut around her bust. Pants weren't an issue yet, though her underwear sank deep into her sides.

Tightness wasn't the issue. She had dealt with undersized clothes for most of her life, but the speed at which she'd outgrown them was disconcerting. Almost everything in her current wardrobe was bought a week ago. If this growth spurt continued, even another day at this pace, and she'd be buying another set. The store wouldn't let her return them after she'd already worn them several times.

"Honey, can't you wear something... nicer?" Her mother asked in Swedish. They preferred it when in private, determined to keep hold of their homeland, and to hide how bad their English was compared to their daughter's.

"This was the best I could find," Danielle said and plopped down at the table. It was the first day of the school year. She was a senior in high school now, her final year before college. Her parents had made it clear that her appearance was crucial now. 'You never know who's watching', they'd tell her. Surely a college dean or recruiter would appreciate it more if she didn't appear as a shy girl, but as an outgoing woman who could speak her mind? They didn't think so.

"Didn't you buy new clothes?" Her dad asked, flustered as he scoured the kitchen before he had to leave for work.

"I did. They're already too small."

"Hmm," he grumbled and fished out his wallet, then tossed her a pair of fifty dollar bills, "I expect the change back."

"Thanks Dad," Danielle said, relieved that her video game funds wouldn't be exhausted on something as trivial as clothes. Maybe Bethany would be around again? She wondered and leaned into her hand, sighing at the memory. Such a strange game, but it was wonderful all the same. Even the mess was worthwhile. She just wished she knew what it was called. Perhaps Holly did?

A knock at the door launched Danielle to her feet. She grabbed a slice of jam slathered toast and her bag, "Bye Mom!" She called and exited the home into the outside world, and into the embrace of her closest friend, Holly Hemlock.

"Hiya Dani," Holly said and separated, beaming as they started down the driveway, an umbrella in her hand, "How was your vacation?"

"Eh, so-so," Danielle shrugged, reciprocating her friends striking smirk. Summer was an amazing time to observe Holly, whose ashen skin almost shone in the sunlight. It couldn't last, though. She burned easily on duller days than this, as such the umbrella soon went up. Regardless, she was an amazing sight to behold.

Pink eyes shimmered beneath the portable shade, while her anaemic hair floated on the subtle breeze and framed her long lashes. Crimson lipstick juxtaposed her pallid complexion. If she put blush on, or had some black makeup and hair dye, she could pass for a Geisha. She'd had her own spurt during the holidays, her once loose clothes now tight around her body, though not uncomfortable like Danielle's.

"I see you filled out a bunch," Holly said with a nod to Danielle's bust.

"Yeah," she groaned and tugged on the straps yet again, "It's such a pain."

"Hey, you look great at least," Holly said. She flung her free arm around Danielle's waist, pulling her close, while her hand squeezed at the Swedish girl's chest, "Still so soft. It's amazing they don't just pour out. How's your other friend?"

"Casey?" Danielle frowned.

"No, your... you know?"

Danielle wracked her brain, searching for any friends she might've made recently that Holly wasn't on a first name basis with. None came up. She didn't consider many people her friends, most were just amicable to her. Holly and Casey were the sole exceptions for the time being.

"Jesus, your penis, Dani," Holly eventually sighed, exasperated.

"Oh! It's fine. I think it got a little bigger too though," Danielle said, sparing a worrying glance for her pants. Aside from loose sweatpants and shorts, anything she wore presented a visible tube along the length of her thigh. Most people didn't look that low, as if they were trapped by something further up. They rarely looked her in the eye, though.

"Damn," Holly breathed and removed her arm. A slight flush was on her face now.

"Is the sun too much?" Danielle asked.

"Huh? Oh, no. No, it's fine. It's not as bad as it was in Miami. I thought I was going to melt there."

Danielle giggled, "I'm glad you didn't."

"Me too. How'd you handle the heat? Still not used to it?"

"It's alright. I'm getting better with it."

"Good, good."

"You mentioned some auditions before. How'd they go?" Danielle asked. Her friend was a fantastic dancer, able to flow from move to move with a grace she couldn't hope to possess, and put her voluptuous hips to excellent work through the art.

"Horrible," Holly lowered her head, brow creviced and lips tight against each other, "I've got another one after school, but... I'm not sure about it."

"Want some support?" Danielle offered.

"I guess so. Thanks," Holly forced a smile.

"Not a problem. I love watching you dance," Danielle said and made a clumsy effort at a waltz, almost tripping in the process.

Holly laughed and steadied her, "I look like a pro next you."

"Way to spare my feelings," Danielle chuckled, unconcerned that she had made a fool of herself. It put Holly back at ease, which in turn soothed her own worries. She had enough of those from her parents and the threat of the upcoming exams, anything more was excessive.

"It starts at four, in the gym."

"So it's a school show?"

"Yeah. Nothing major. Really, I should be able to ace the audition," Holly said, though her tone belied her words.

"Just do what you always do and wow them," Danielle said, took her hand and gripped it, "I can always try out before you. It'll make you look awesome by comparison."

Holly squeezed her hand in return, "Don't do that. You're so hot they might take you anyway."

"Why does everyone say that? I'm not any warmer than normal, I think," Danielle checked her forehead. Stable temperature, and her palm wasn't any different.

"No, I keep telling you, it means you've got a great figure. See? Huge boobs, cute waist and a butt to die for."

"Please don't die for my butt," Danielle said.

Holly couldn't restrain her laughter, "It's a figure of speech."

"I thought speech didn't have a figure."

"You're really clueless, you know? How're are you top of the class again? That's a rhetorical question," Holly quickly added.

"Don't blame me. English is so confusing. You Americans have weird words that mean so many things," Danielle complained.

"Hey, try living in England for a bit. You'll go insane."

"Thank goodness Dad doesn't like the British," Danielle chuckled.

School was a short walk away. It was a private girl's school, Margaret's School for Gifted Ladies, though its reputation had dwindled as of late, with its students either becoming complacent or forsaking their usual passions in favour of popularity. Now, the school only laid claim to high test scores and college successes, and a large number of extracurricular activities. Theatre, sports, mathletes, literature, beauticians and many others, it gave all its students the best that it could. Whether they used these facilities was up to them.

Danielle didn't. Nothing seemed to fit her. She liked to read, but her parents were selective about her material, only permitting her books that they had read and approved of, and sports were nigh impossible with her body as is. Mathematics, while not her weakness, were a nightmare better left in the classroom. So she settled for being an above average student with nothing all that extraordinary about her.

Though Holly begged to differ. Any chance she got, from the moment they met in middle school, she would complement or hug Danielle, often squishing her chests together. Some people had asked what their relationship was and, though Holly's snowy skin would turn a deep red, Danielle was certain they were friends. How no one else understood that was a mystery.

Then again, Danielle thought as they separated for that morning's classes, what did it mean to be more than friends? She cared for Holly like her own family, or was it something else? No one had talked to her about relationships, aside from the general meaning, but she recognised her parents'. They loved each other, so they slept in the same bed, smiled and talked together at all hours, even made sacrifices for one another. But she wondered if there was something missing from her knowledge.

People are confusing. Danielle put the thoughts aside and settled into the first class of the semester, ready and eager to learn. She made idle chatter with those around her before the teacher arrived. Ever since she was young, few people held animosity toward her. It made life a far nicer experience than what she sometimes heard about on the news.

Lunch came and she met up with Holly, who used the chance for a hug. It was tighter than normal, and her hands came dangerously close to Danielle's bottom, as if she wanted to touch the cheeks. They parted before she did so. Why anyone would want to touch a butt was anyone's guess. It was just globes of fat after all, nothing remotely interesting about them. Just like breasts, though they served a greater purpose in adulthood. Did people mistake the gluteus maximus for breasts? Is that why they often talked about how nice they were?

Danielle stood behind Holly in the que and spent the time observing her albino friend's rear. A subtle frown and pout creased her features as she tried to understand what others saw. It wasn't an unappealing sight, nor did it entice her. The fat had distributed evenly around Holly's muscle, giving a full, firm curve to her lower body that rested on her thighs and bled gracefully into the rest of her legs.

"What're you getting?" Holly asked.

"I dunno. Probably just a burger and fries," Danielle shrugged, returning her gaze to elsewhere.

"Seriously? I wish I had your metabolism," Holly said with a despairing glance to her bowl of salad with minimal dressing, "Gotta watch my figure and all that."

"But you exercise plenty," Danielle said as she took her fast food option from the nice lunch ladies. They always gave her an extra helping without her asking for it. Good thing too, since Danielle's body processed food faster than most.

"That doesn't always help. You gotta eat right, drink right, sleep right to be a dancer. One mistake to your form and you're out. At least that's what it looks like. Never had anyone tell me they didn't like me putting on a few extra pounds, at least where it counts."

"Doesn't it always count, it's just fat?"

Holly giggled, "I missed you, Dani."

"Me too," Danielle said and smiled, though she wished Holly had answered her question.

Lunch and the subsequent classes closed out the day. Danielle's parents had enforced a study regime on her during the summer. She'd long since covered several of the key topics the teachers had divulged would be appearing throughout the year, so her attention was allowed to shift between the lesson and her own wants, such as the new indie horror game she wanted. Few things titillated her better than suspense or gore of those games.

The final class left her with a new thought; what did she want out of life? What would her profession be after she graduated high school and college? It was an open discussion so others had freely announced their plans. One said they wanted to be a 'pawn star', though why they'd want to be a shellfish made no sense. Danielle had kept quiet during the class, uncertain of her future.

Holly had hers already set. She would a performer, entertaining people with the grace and ferocity of her movements. Their other friend, Casey, had said she wanted to be a model. Both were in high demand, more so in the past decade. That left Danielle undecided.

"Hiya," Holly said when they met outside the main building. Most of the other students had filed out already, leaving the school occupied by the clubs and teachers, "You alright?"

"Yeah, just thinking. What about you?"

"Nervous."

"You'll do great," Danielle smirked and pulled her in for a hug. Maybe a bit too tight, as Holly's breath caught in her throat, "Sorry. Thought you'd like one."

"It's okay," Holly said, though her gaze met nothing but the ground, "Let's go. Don't want to be late."

Minutes later and they were sat in the school gymnasium on the bleachers, overlooking the other auditions. A table with three smart-dressed people sat at it judged them all, each jotting down notes as students twirled, flipped and kicked they way around. Some were no better than Danielle, others were captivating to observe. One of them was a contortionist, able to bend her legs all the way around her back to her head. She knew how to incorporate into her routine as well. She was popular.

"Holly Hemlock?!"

"Wish me luck," Holly said and made her way down, an anxious quiver in her steps. 

"Blow them away," Danielle said, hoping to infuse all her confidence in Holly's ability into the girl herself. Still, Holly glanced about when she came to a stop and the judges interviewed her, unable to meet their eyes or steady her hands. They eventually fell silent and told her to start.

It was a disaster. All her grace had fallen, leaving her making awkward moves that otherwise would have mesmerised everyone present. She jerked to and fro, as if pulled by invisible ropes in a tug of war, her short hair whipped across her stressed face and her legs shook with the easiest step. People on the bleachers groaned in pity.

"Excuse me?" Danielle said as she hurried to the table, grimacing as her breasts bounced and threatened to escape her bra, "Sorry, could you do Holly last? I just remembered something really, really important we need to do. It won't take long."

The judges looked her over, their eyes lingering on her torso, and shrugged. They raised a hand for Holly to stop. She panted where she stood, gorgeous skin alight in the sunlight that streamed from above, though her eyes screamed distress. Danielle grinned and walked over to her.

"You have twenty minutes, any later and we can promise anything," a judge said.

"That's plenty, thank you," Danielle said and beamed at them. Several looked away with flushed cheeks. Strange, since none of them were dancing. She led Holly into the nearby locker room. It went underused on most days, this being one of them, as the school was originally a co-ed institution. This was reserved for visiting sport teams.

Holly sat on a bench and slumped, head in her hands, "I fucked up."

Danielle didn't recognise the word, only that it was a negative one, "No, you're fine. Just nerves."

"If I can't dance in front of thirty people, what am I gonna do about a hundred? Or a thousand?"

"Hey, hey," Danielle cooed and pulled her hands away, "You're great, you just have to let that show."

"I tried," Holly said and looked up, eyes wet, "When I get in front of that many people, I just... I start to sweat and I forget everything. It's just me, alone in a suffocating darkness."

"Could always try for poetry?" Danielle offered.

"Yeah, right."

"Look," Danielle pulled her up, easier than should be possible with Holly acting as dead weight, "You just need to relax. Here," the blonde assumed a waltz pose, "How about I lead you a bit?"

"You can't dance."

"I can do a few steps," Danielle defended, "Earlier was just a fluke."

Holly snickered and assumed the role of follower, "Lead on, Maestro."

Danielle did. The space was cramped, but they made it work. Step, step, step, a cautious twirl, back to step, step, step. They swayed together, fluid as gentle waves at the beach. Holly relaxed and leaned into Danielle, breathing softly. Her hands left their hold and came to rest upon Danielle's hips, then slid around to cup her butt. Strangely, it was a pleasant feeling that she reciprocated.

Holly leaned in closer, head coming to rest above Danielle's bust, as if to listen to her heartbeat. A sigh escaped the albino. She sank her fingers deeper and pulled Danielle closer, the softness of their bodies mashing together. They circled the lockers, side-stepping down the alleys the metal containers crafted and twirled around the corners, until they came to a stop. Both were flushed, Holly a stark red compared to her usual tone. Danielle ran a hand through her friend's alabaster hair.

Something warm built within her. It spread from her core to the rest of her being and turned electric, buzzing along her limbs and centring in her groin. Her own fingers gripped Holly's derriere tighter. The shock rose in response, sending a faint shudder up her spine. Was this how her parents' felt when they embraced so closely? She didn't want to let go.

"Dani, I..." Holly pulled her head up and lurched forward, catching Danielle's lips. She jerked back and stared at their feet in shock, "Oh god, I shouldn't have done. I'm sorry..."

"It's alright," Danielle hugged her tighter, grinning at the spark doing so provided, "Close friends do that a lot, don't they?"

"Yeah," Holly nodded and returned the hug, "But usually only when they're more than friends."

"Like husband and wife?"

"There's a few more steps before that," Holly chuckled, the reverbs transitioned into Danielle's breasts, causing them to quiver against her body, "Like being girlfriends. Then getting engaged."

"Then marriage?"

"Yep. But I don't know how your folks would react to, well... you and me."

"You want to be my girlfriend?" Danielle asked.

"S-sort of... maybe... yes."

"What do we do?"

"You're so clueless," Holly giggled, "Not that I don't love that about you. Um... we'd do a lot of stuff. Like this, or, uh... kissing and the stuff that comes after."

Danielle frowned, "What comes after?"

Holly stepped back at the query, "You know? Sex." The frown remained, "How haven't you heard of it?"

"I know that's the general term for penises and vaginas," Danielle said, "Don't tell me it's another word with another meaning?"

Holly shook her head, unable to restrain her laughter, "It also means to procreate, to create a child. Intercourse. Wow, your parents didn't tell you anything. H-how about a demonstration?" Holly blurted.

"Actions do speak louder than words. And a portrait speaks a thousand words. So it makes sense," Danielle said.

"Yeah," Holly breathed, "Yeah, it does. So, just sit down and I'll walk you through some of it. Can't believe I'm doing this." She added under her breath, then sank to her knees in a familiar sight from a week ago. Danielle tilted her head in curiosity, a slight grin dimpling her cheeks. Was this like Bethany?

"Do you... do you mind if I undress you?" Holly asked, clear so as to avoid any misunderstanding on Danielle's part.

"Sure," Danielle shrugged, though she wondered why Holly asked to do it. Was that part of 'intercourse'? She looked up at the ceiling, hiding the cloud of worry that drifted into her mind. How much were her parents keeping from her?

"Holy fuck!" Holly gasped when she pulled down the baggy jeans Danielle favoured for the day. They had hid the bulge of her penis admirably, drawing only a few eyes that she had expected from the freshmen. Few people seemed capable of just glancing at her, usually her friends and family, such as it had been since middle school. Not long after she met Holly in fact.

"'Fuck'?"

"It's a curse word. A big one... like this thing," Holly explained, "It also means sex."
