 Why did so many people know about sex, yet she was blind to it? Danielle wondered the same thing again and again, more so now as she sat in the shadowed corner of a restaurant, a random woman atop her just as Holly and Bethany had been. A week had passed since her friend did this for the first time, but only a couple of days since she last did it. Yet, despite the frequency, she was no closer to understanding it.

The game felt great. A cacophony of sensation that she couldn't pass up whenever the chance arose, yet she hadn't found the time to research it. None of the women who played with her told her anything new, nothing that Holly hadn't already divulged. To her detriment, Danielle hadn't pressed for answers, preoccupied by the game itself. And the reason she was at the mall.

Her bras were a cloth dungeon torturing her poor breasts. The band wasn't an issue, a little snug, but the cups were monsters. Her panties were all too happy to follow such an example, cutting into her skin and leaving stark indents. Once she was done playing, her wallet would once again be emptied.

So much for getting Shadow's Redemption next month. She'd been looking forward to that game since the demo last year. It had promised everything she looked for in horror; an atmosphere of dread, suspense as she walked around a corner, jumping at shadows. That was why she didn't care for sex. It was fun, but little else played into it. Also she wasn't one for two-player games; the other players usually got in the way.

That said, there was little to mess up with sex. So long as her partner - currently a middle-aged woman with a strict uniform - continued to bounce or grind against her, it was great. Even without that factor, she found herself basking in the natural soundtrack of wet squelches around her penis, the slurping of the woman's vagina, her moans, the clap of flesh, and the white noise of restaurant patrons unaware of what was happening within just a few feet of them. All of it made Danielle's pulse quicken, and her hips jerk to the rhythm of her partner.

The woman's moans rose higher and higher. Her insides convulsed, each undulation gripping Danielle tighter, wringing the slime from her member. Danielle pulled her down and buried her face in her breasts, muffling the burgeoning cries as this stranger - Danielle thought her name might be Michelle. The introduction had been quick and mumbled - had an orgasm.

Moisture trickled down Danielle's testicles. Michelle ground into her crotch, shuddering with the ricochet of pleasure as what seemed like multiple tiny orgasms echoed the initial one. Such a strange thing, Danielle thought as she took the woman by the hips and aided her, thrusting in short jerks. To think that having something inside you could give so much joy. It was a marvellous, if unusual concept. Who even thought about putting their penis in a woman?

But the answer was obvious. Holly had told her time and again that most people were just like that. They wanted to have sex all the time, sometimes even when they're asleep. Danielle was the odd one out, not a novel idea by itself. She was a foreigner after all, being the 'black sheep' had been her identity for years as she adjusted to America.

"Oh god, I think... y-yeah, gonna cum again," Michelle rasped and hugged Danielle tight with her arms and insides, lower lips suckling with a desperate thirst.

"I think I am too," Danielle said, recognising it as her stomach clenched and her balls grumbled, eager to release their burden, and the constant flow of pleasure now. It tingled on her skin, desynced her thoughts, and made her moan as well. Every touch became a massage, her nerves exploding as she worked toward her own climax.

"Inside. P-please? Oh, fuck, please cum in me," Michelle said through gritted teeth, struggling to contain her moans without Danielle's boobs to quell them. She, instead, grabbed a handful of her own shirt and stuffed it into her mouth as her body quivered, her hips rolled in extravagant waves and her snatch slurped louder. Out the corner of her eye, Danielle caught someone staring at them. They didn't seem perturbed by the disturbance, so she carried on.

"Yeah, sure," Danielle said. She'd long since given up on asking why they always wanted that. The answer was always the same, to some degree, 'it feels amazing'. Really? Having all that thick, white gunk inside, and pouring out of you feels good? She couldn't imagine, but she wasn't one to argue. Besides, she'd be a liar if she claimed not to enjoy the sensations of her penis swimming in it.

Michelle's hands found the futa's breasts and groped them, pinching the nipple. Sharp shocks of energy leapt throughout Danielle, surging to her hips, which snapped up and forward with a slap, sinking every inch inside. Michelle squeaked then moaned hoarsely as her womb was forced to conform to Danielle's phallus, before it was flooded in cum.

In random intervals, her penis swelled and thinned with each tide. An extra inch of girth slimmed to the normal shaft, which pulsed, then expanded again. What looked like balls passed through Michelle's vagina, up her canal, past her cervix before gushing into her womb. Again, and again. Splurge after dense, jellylike splurge erupted until the woman's flat gut slowly filled out into a round semi-sphere.

With every spurt, Danielle moaned and held her current partner tighter. Another oddity from sex was the sense of completion she felt when a woman's gut swelled like this, turning from a soft but smooth surface into a ball of nothing but her fluid. It pulsed in growth, pushing into her body, lifting her breasts. She'd seen pregnant women walk around with smaller bellies than what Michelle now sported.

"I've, uh... gotta go," Danielle said and pulled free.

"Hold, ooh, hold on. Can't let you go out there covered in filth," Michelle said with a soft chuckle and sank down, one hand at her privates to stem the flow, to lick every inch of Danielle clean. A trial by itself, as her penis had grown even larger. Holly had made a big deal of measuring it a few days ago, declaring her to be two-feet long, a fact that quickly led to another game of sex.

"Thanks," Danielle said and pulled her pants up, though they did little to obscure her phallus from public view, especially while her erection had yet to fully reduce. The one who had spotted them earlier gave her a wink and made a strange gesture with her hands, one was a circle and the other had two fingers pushed into it. Danielle frowned and shrugged, then left the restaurant.

Minutes later and she was back in the clothing store where she'd met Bethany. She recognised the employee checking a set of bras and approached.

"Hi, um, Joan, right?"

"Yes, how may I...? Oh my, you were here a while back, right?" Joan asked, recognition sparking within her eyes as she took in Danielle's figure once more, only glancing to her face as if to confirm it was her. Understandable, as her figure had changed since they last met. Her breasts, for one, had made their way down her torso as if in a bid to smother her waist, which remained unaffected, though her hips weren't so kind. The sweatpants she wore, once loose and comfortable, were now taut around the sides, behind and crotch.

"Yeah, I went through a growth spurt," Danielle said. She turned away and glanced outside, catching other people staring at her. They'd done so for most of her life, either enamoured by her clothes or her near-white hair, but it didn't feel that way anymore. Their eyes made her skin prickle, as if they were trying to drill into her. She pushed it aside, certain she was imagining it.

"I'll say," Joan murmured, then shook her head and resumed her semi-professional manner, "Another measurement, then?"

"Yes, please. And I think my hips need to be measured," Danielle said, already headed for the changing rooms.

"Of course. I'll be right there," Joan said and left to get her tape.

A few minutes later and they were done. Joan had improved since last time, making fewer mistakes and only rubbing Danielle's nipples once, though she seemed adamant that getting an estimate of her breasts weight was integral to bra selection. Most of the time there was spent with Joan weighing Danielle's chest in her hands, before she rushed off to find some items. In the end, Danielle left with two pairs of S-cup bras, several shirts and pants that still didn't fit that well, and an empty wallet.

She tried everything on again when she got home, making sure she hadn't made any mistakes, modelling in the mirror. What was it that made everyone want to play with her? The fact her penis was rarely concealed anymore might be a factor, though perhaps it was her overall appearance. It could just be that her breasts and phallus were a ridiculous size that attracted people. People didn't look in the eye as often anymore.

Investigations were necessary. But said investigations were impossible with her current resources, and she wasn't about to make Holly take the time to tutor her on it. Her friend, now girlfriend, needed all the time she had to practice. With their regular sessions together, a good chunk of any day was spent recovering. Holly didn't need another distraction, nor did Danielle want to rely on her for something like this.

For now, though, she was stuck with her parents. The internet was carefully monitored, her phone plan didn't allow for any data, and they refused to let her stay over at Holly's place. School was no help. Any lesson pertaining to sex was handled by her parents, who took time away from their jobs to teach her, as if desperate to protect her from it. Like the idea of sex would turn her into some kind of deviant. 

Which was ridiculous! She hadn't turned into one of those crude punk girls from school, the ones that never attended class or respected the teachers. And yet her parents were adamant. Sex, as Holly had explained it, seemed something shared between people who at least liked and cared for each other to some extent. Did her parents not love each other anymore?

She banished the thoughts and booted up her computer, intent on finishing a recent purchase. Along the recommendations of her Steam account, she saw several titles that intrigued her, but were prohibited by her parents. Everyone raved about Outlast - now so cheap it was practically free - and yet, for reasons she couldn't fathom, she was forbidden from playing it. Danielle didn't get angry. Frustrated, yes, but never to the point of anger. Yet each little injustice she now recognised was piling up.

The next day, she once again walked to school with Holly. Her albino friend stood closer now, hand entwined with Danielle's. It was an overcast day, ideal for the pale girl, who could leave her umbrella and sunscreen at home with such weather. Danielle enjoyed the closeness, silently basking in how soft her friend was and the smell of her shampoo. Was this how girlfriends felt around each other?

"So, how did the clothes shopping go?" Holly asked.

"Awful," Danielle grumbled and pulled at her shirt, gaining half an inch of material before it became taut and snapped back into place, "They only had a couple of bras in my new size, and the pants don't really fit. And my poor wallet..."

"I wouldn't mind buying you some," Holly said with a sly grin, "So long as I could pick them out, that is." Danielle cast an eye over her girlfriend, noting the inches of snowy cleavage on display and the lack of length to her skirt. If she wore anything so revealing, her parents would likely keel over.

"I don't think so," Danielle said.

Holly pouted, "Aww, fine. Someday I'll dress you up. Maybe when your folks finally let you come over?"

"Like that'll happen."

"Something wrong?"

"No."

"Did your parents do something?"

"No."

"Then what?" Holly pressed, brow creased and lips set in a firm line.

"Just the usual," Danielle said, "I can't even bring up 'sex' without them cracking down on me."

"What about the library?"

"Nope. Whenever I want to go there, 'something' always comes up and the computers are in use. Or the books are checked out."

"School?"

"Hah!"

"Why not just ask me about all this stuff?"

"Because..." Danielle didn't have a logical reason. Whatever she said, Holly would try and insert herself into it, insisting that nothing took precedence over her.

"Hey, I get it. You wanna figure this out for yourself, is that it?" Holly chuckled as Danielle's look confirmed her query, "We've been friends for a while Dani. I know you. But if you ever need a helping hand, let me know."

"Thanks."

"That said, what the hell do your parents do that they can just 'make the computers unavailable'? In a library of all places?!"

"I have no idea," Danielle said, "Maybe my dad's in the CIA or something? Or my mom has dominion over all libraries?"

"Would explain how they always know when you're going there," Holly said. They walked in silence for a few blocks, enjoying one another's company while they marched toward the school.

"So, hey..." Holly started, ghostly cheeks doused in a lively red.

"Yeah?"

"Well, I know you're new to this, and stuff, but, um... do you have sex with other people?" Holly asked.

"Hmm? Yeah. I mean, they always approach me. Some of them don't seem eager until it actually starts though. Is it embarrassing?"

Holly giggled and hugged her sideways, "It's showing off your privates to someone else, of course it's embarrassing. Unless you're really horny."

"What do horns have to do with sex?"

"You're adorable," Holly said and leaned up to kiss her lips, parting with a flick of her tongue, "Mm, I don't know what it is, but you smell and taste better every day. I've got practice this afternoon, but I'm free tomorrow. Is that okay?"

"Yeah," Danielle said, frowning, "Why wouldn't it be?"

"Geez, Dani," Holly laughed and moved to her ear, then enunciated, "We are going to have sex."

"Oh. Okay, I get it now."

"Another thing for you to research is 'how to recognise when a girl wants to fuck'."

"Which also means sex, right?"

"I've been saying it for the past week. How haven't you gotten used to it yet?"

"Hey, English is my second language."

"Yeah, and it's my first, but you still score better than me on tests. Speaking of, I could use a bit of tutoring in that department. Is it cool if I come over tomorrow? I'll wear something nice."

Danielle sighed. 'No' wasn't an answer for this moment, or any other when Holly seemed 'horny'. Was that the right context? Perhaps it meant something else and Holly was teasing her, which fit with her usual demeanour.

"I think my parents won't mind," Danielle said.

"Awesome. I can't wait."

"But you have to. Unless you can speed up time," Danielle said, smirking.

"That was on purpose," Holly said.

"Yep," Danielle pulled her close, "See? I can tease you too."

"Oh, you have no idea," Holly mumbled and separated as they reached the school, "Right, I'll see you at lunch. And, uh, before I go... it's okay if you have sex with others. Just, you know, tell me afterwards or something. In detail. And if you have any questions, tell me."

"Okay," Danielle said, frowning as the albino retreated to the building. They only shared a few classes throughout the week, and Mathematics wasn't one of them, leaving Danielle to ponder Holly's words. Everyone became flustered when discussing sex to some degree. She had mentioned the word during a book report the other day, and saw several of the students jerk to attention. Such power within a single word. She had to wonder who elevated it to such a pedestal of awkward reverence.

Classes drifted by her on a conveyor belt. She paid enough attention to keep track, and to respond if the teachers ever called on her, which was naturally often. Of course they would ask a top student to answer, though they rarely seemed to hear her answer as they often repeated it back. No one else seemed upset by the blatant favouritism though.

"Gosh, these are annoying," Danielle later said at lunch. She was sat opposite Holly, tray pushed several inches away so she could rest her bosom on the table. The bra helped, and her natural musculature kept their pull from getting painful, but the weight was always there. Just standing became a chore, more so when her classes involved her standing and sitting two or three times. They jiggled when she walked and when she sat, and the bra already constrained them.

"Don't complain," Holly said, looking to her own chest.

"You're fine," Danielle said. While her bust wasn't mind-boggling like Danielle's, they were perky and the size of honeydew melons. No reason for her to complain. Average was better than freakish.

"I know," the albino leaned forward, hunching over to squash her breasts as Danielle's were, "Fuck me, your tits are seriously huge." She straightened up and dug into her cheeseburger, eyes lost in the hike of cleavage Danielle displayed, regardless of intent.

"Has Casey told you anything?" Danielle asked, ignoring the strange sentence. Holly was shocked, clearly, so she wanted to have sex? And what did birds have to do with this?

"Nothing since Sunday. Think she's okay?"

"I think she's just recovering," Danielle said, "I hope she comes back soon." Casey was a fun presence to be around, given her growing Bimbo lifestyle and the difference of her body to those Danielle was accustomed to.

"Who've you got next?" Holly asked as lunch came to an end.

"Mrs. Rider."

"Science," Holly winced. While she succeeded academically, for reasons they could only theorise, Danielle fell short in the subject. How certain elements reacted, or how they were created in the first place didn't add up in her mind. Though Holly believed it could be the fault of the teacher.

"I'll live," Danielle said and headed to the science hall; three classrooms side by side used for chemistry, biology and other assortments of science, the names of which escaped her. Of the numerous variations, biology was the only one that clicked for her. To her fortune, today was one such day.

"Afternoon," Mrs. Rider said as she became situated behind her desk. Unlike most preconceptions, she was a stunning woman, no older than Danielle's mother, and dressed to impress, despite her profession. Science was rarely a glamorous subject, though she added a certain charm to it. Even Danielle wasn't blind to the effect of her smile.

"Afternoon," the class replied. Danielle sat at the front, wriggling on the stool to try and accommodate her broadened hips. She glanced around to make sure no one was watching when she tugged on her panties, which were biting into her privates. No one's eyes were on her for the moment. However, as she gave a final, cursory glance around, several gazes were stuck to her seat. She checked in case there was some gum or paper there and saw nothing.

"Right, today we're going to be looking into a bit of history," a collective groan rolled through the class, except from Danielle. History was fascinating to her, that of human's biology in particular, "Alright, cram it. We're going to be doing paired projects here, and there's some info you're gonna need for it. Your partner is the person to your left. Say hi, don't be rude, and let's get to work."

Danielle looked to her left and recognised Gretchen Fink, the top science student. They sidled closer together, each smiling gladly to the other, though why Gretchen would look happy to have Danielle, who barely reached an average grade in the class, was a mystery.

"I'll try to help as best I can," Danielle said.

"Don't worry. I'm used to doing all the work," Gretchen said, then shook her head, "Err, sorry. Most people just tell me to 'do it all'."

"That's awful."

"Yeah."

Mrs. Rider silenced the chatter, "Alright, let's get started. We're going to be looking at how the human body has evolved in recent history. As I'm sure Mr. Rickman has taught you, human women used to be skinny little things. They were lucky to have B-cups..."
