 Her clothes were tighter yet again. Flesh squished against the cloth, bulging from the neckline as she struggled to keep her bra and shirt on. She sighed once the worst was over and worked on yanking her pants into place. They slid over her calves then staggered at her thighs. Fat squeezed over the waistband. Danielle scowled at the sight. Perhaps that was the reason for her most recent growth spurts? She had been eating junk food more than usual, and her neighbour, Mrs. Pinkerton, had given her an entire batch of double-chocolate chip cookies all for herself just last week.

There was a gym near the school. She'd go there afterwards and sign up for a trainer. Maybe then her ridiculous changes would end, though she wandered if her poor diet was the reason her penis had grown as well. No one had mentioned that it did, and she had met fat guys before that didn't seem any better endowed than the jocks they envied. It was just her fate she supposed, then yelled in victory, her pants now in place.

She wore a casual outfit. A blue t-shirt with a few silver patterns embroidered into the hems, and a pair of jeans that had fit her well enough a few days ago. In fact, they were the only pair that still fit over her hips. Everything else was too tight or revealing for her parents' liking. Her father had looked on the verge of shouting if she hadn't gone back up and changed.

Why? Danielle held up an 'inappropriate' shirt. It was a simple yellow, great for the warm weather, and had a high neckline compared to most modern clothes, yet the base didn't reach past her navel. Was that the reason? Strange, since what was inappropriate about her belly? Was it because of the womb?

No point in pondering the reason. People confused her, as they always had, whether they were related to her or not. She grabbed a summer jacket, so her skin wouldn't burn, and jogged back downstairs. Each step made her bust bounce and jiggle. Her butt was too constricted to do so with the same exuberance. 

"Better?" Danielle asked once she was in view.

"Much," her father said, though he still had that disapproving look on his face. Her mother was kinder, as if she'd already accepted that nothing would look as she would like. Danielle kept her expression neutral, despite the odd surge in annoyance she felt at them. Before she could let her emotions show, she said goodbye and left the house.

"Hey Dani!" Holly said as she walked up the driveway. The albino had an umbrella overhead as always, yet she looked radiant under the shade. It may be due to their relationship, and frequent sex games together, but Holly looked nicer every day. Her hips had widened from what Danielle could discern, yet, unlike on her, they looked great. As they shared a quick kiss in greeting, a sudden urge grabbed Danielle's hand and brought it to her friend's butt. Holly giggled at that.

"Someone's finally picking things up," she said, "Remember what I told you?"

"Um... you like having your bum played with?"

"Yep," Holly beamed at her and turned, shaking her rear, "Guess you're not an old dog yet."

"Why would I ever be an old dog?" Danielle asked.

"Don't worry, you'll always be beautiful to me," Holly said.

"Thanks," Danielle grinned, glad that her friend didn't think she'd gotten fat. They walked down the neighbourhood, headed for the school, when a familiar voice had them pause.

"Wait up!" Casey yelled, running as best she could toward them. Running was a stretch, as her thighs and boobs made it difficult, not for the same reasons that Danielle struggled though. Where hers bounced like huge bowls of jelly, Casey's chest remained steady in their spring and her thighs carried more muscle than the futa's. She was unfortunate in that regard, as they threatened to crush the slight bulge under Casey's skirt.

"Casey!" Danielle walked up to meet her and pulled her friend into a tight embrace. She raised an eyebrow at the peculiar flush of heat that warmed her body. Sunlight bore down on her, so it wasn't a mystery as to where it came from. It must be one of those days. Danielle released Casey and gave her a better look.

The summer vacation had treated Casey well. Once pale-pink skin was now a deep bronze, not the unnatural tone some obtuse people got, but a rich colour that blended everywhere Danielle could see. And she could see plenty. Casey had also gotten some additions. She'd mentioned it before the holiday, so the futa wasn't surprised to see her friend's bosom had filled out several inches. They almost matched her own chest in sheer size, yet they had a solid consistency to separate the two.

"How're they?" Danielle asked, curious about what having implants was like. The mounds felt peculiar to her, but perhaps it wasn't the same for Casey, since they were on her chest at all times. A summery blouse concealed the majority. Like most clothes, however, it had no intention to hide her cleavage or the tops of her bra. The top somehow made them look larger, which wasn't helped by their sheer firmness. They seemed bigger than Danielle's at a closer glance.

"I love 'em," Casey said and grabbed the dense mounds, receiving only a slight give at her firm grip, "And what do you think about the hair? Does it look alright?" She referred to her new dye, a brilliant crimson styled into a straight, long bob that framed her strong face and hefty lips.

"It looks great," Holly said, then gave a low whistle, "Finally happy with them?" she asked and nodded to Casey's breasts.

"Probably," Casey shrugged and giggled, "We went down to California. You wouldn't believe how big the Bimbo scene is there. It, uh, got me thinking actually... um, I might go Bimbo myself. So... what'd you guys think?" She diverted her gaze to the ground, stealing hesitant glances at Danielle and Holly.

"You're halfway there," Holly said and slung an arm over her shoulders, "And yet we're still friends."

"I like it," Danielle said, mind going back to the changing rooms and Bethany, now two weeks ago. It seemed longer, however, like her first time playing that game was years ago. Because of how many people she'd played with, she assumed. How many had it been? At least a dozen, maybe more.

"Thanks," Casey said and hugged them both. They started walking, though Casey made every conscious effort to strut like a Bimbo would. She exaggerated the sway of her hips, the bounce of her breasts, even the way she looked at everything. Her act faltered constantly, but it was a start. 

"How's everything? I didn't miss much, right?" Casey asked.

"Not really," Danielle said.

"Well, Dani and I are sort of dating now," Holly said.

Casey started at that, eyes darting between them with a look between happiness and... regret? Danielle held back a frown, certain she'd been doing so too often in the past two weeks. A lot of people had a similar reaction when they found out she was dating someone. Glad for her, yet also disappointed, which vanished after they realised she was happy to play with them. Did Casey want sex? Horny, she reminded herself. That was the word.

"Are you horny, Casey?" Danielle asked. Both her friends paused, went quiet for a moment, then burst out into giggles.

"You can't just ask someone that, Dani," Holly said through her laughter.

"I can't?"

"No, it's rude," Casey said, though she had a peculiar tint to her voice. Another mystery. The amount was becoming ridiculous. Last thing she needed was her friends to be enigmas for her to worry over, not when most people and her parents were already adequate.

"Okay. When should I ask?"

"Usually when you're about to have sex," Holly said, "Or if we're alone together. Then again, I'm pretty much always horny around you."

"Really?" Danielle's frown slipped through, "But that means you want sex all the time. Aren't you bored yet?" She didn't miss Casey's wide-eyed expression as she walked beside them.

Holly shook her head, "I'll never get tired of it." That, at least, Danielle understood. Despite all the times she'd played with Holly and others, the game hadn't become dull, despite her knowing how it would end each time. Because everyone was different, or was it just that enjoyable? She shirked the query, either reason was plausible.

"What about you Casey?" Danielle asked, curious. She'd meant to ask her about it, but Casey had been away for so long. The reason for her absence was obvious, given her new bust size.

"What?" Casey jolted at the question.

"Is sex boring to you?" Danielle elucidated. Between Holly and Casey, she was interested more in how Casey felt about sex, given their bodies' closer resemblance. Danielle had a cock, so did Casey, though the former was a shemale, not a futa. The Bimbo-to-be flushed and averted her gaze. She nibbled on her over-inflated bottom lip, an action Danielle found herself intrigued by. It made Casey look... more attractive? Perhaps? It could be simple separation, after all they hadn't seen each other since summer started.

"No," Casey said, "It's not boring. Don't know how it could be."

Danielle shrugged and smiled, "Just about everyone says that. It's like no one has a bad view of it."

"Well, some people do," Casey said, lips curling into a grimace, "They're a minority now though. Wasn't always that way."

"Yeah, those religious nuts are pretty strict about this stuff. They'd probably lock us up just for existing," Holly chuckled, gesturing to their outfits, though Danielle's was mostly plain and concealing. Her body was simply too extravagant to be reduced by any garment, even a cassock would fail. In fact, it might accent her figure more than diminish.

"I think Mom and Dad are religious," Danielle said, ignoring her unusual thoughts. People's forms affected what they wore, of course, though she hadn't lingered on how her own figure altered it. She nursed at her bottom lip as she'd seen Casey do, wondering if her parents would force her to dress as a nun to hide her body. That might be the final straw if they did so. Encouraging conservation was one thing, demanding that she hide, and in essence be ashamed of, her body was another.

"Seems like it," Holly nodded, "At least they're not super strict about it. I read about some of the shit they used to do in the old days," she shuddered, "It's not fun, safe to say."

"Yeah, in the old days," Casey said. Danielle turned her attention onto the shemale, whose face was downcast, eyes on the sidewalk instead of the world around her. People called her oblivious all the time, referring to how she rarely understood people's emotions unless they were melodramatic about it. Here, however, she understood Casey's discomfort and pulled her into a hug.

"Hey! What're..."

"It's alright," Danielle said, recounting how her own mother would comfort her when she was younger. Especially on the first days after they moved overseas, when she had no one to call friend, or anyone that she understood well. It was hugs like this, arms clasped tight around her waist and the softness of plump breasts squished into her back, while a separate heartbeat drummed along with hers, that carried her through it. Now she had a chance to repay that kindness to another.

"I... thanks," Casey said and pushed away, though she had a broad grin and the bulge in her skirt was better defined now. Danielle ignored it, certain that it was a positioning issue, and returned the smile. The school came into view and, shortly thereafter, the three were separated to their classes.

Time away hadn't done much good. More bad, really. Before Casey had left, people would stare and make the occasional comment about her, but now, with her latest changes and budding attempts at a Bimbo persona, she was a target for everyone now. The world was an accepting place, given how vicious the backlash to discrimination on social media could be, but that didn't prevent it. And Casey was the easiest target at school.

She was a shemale, for one. They were a growing populace, one that had gained a solid foothold in society as a genuine gender, but had yet to be wholly accepted. Many of the older generations, the people who still clutched onto different times, where sexual freedom was considered depraved, derided them with vigour. It was those mindsets that wormed their way into several students. Others, out of an inane need to belong, latched onto it as well.

It was worse at Casey's school. The headmistress was an older woman, but she was the sort who believed she was tolerant and accepting, hence why she didn't kick up a storm at every student who wore a tank top or mini-skirt to school. That only extended so far. She overlooked several of the times Casey was bullied.

And now she was trying to be a Bimbo. She wanted to be another societal minority, one both loved and detested in equal measures. No one mistook her appearance for anything else. She had huge, balloon tits that defied gravity, though she still wore a lacy bra that peeked out from her blouse, and she'd had some injections into her ass to help it stand out further. For all the problems she faced, Casey loved having a fake body, so long as it represented what she wanted.

"Jesus, what did you do to yourself?" Someone asked, their tone dripping with disgust. Casey set her bag down. It was frilly and pink, designed to be as 'girly' as possible. She didn't respond and sat at her desk. Her lips twitched but she held back her grin as her breasts mashed into her table, despite that she sat a several inches away from it. Once her face was a bit softer, no one would mistake for anything but a woman, albeit a Bimbo. Then she could say goodbye to 'it'.

She sat in the centre column, forced there. The back corners were her ideal places, but they were taken. If she hadn't committed to her implants so late, she would've been back in time to stake a claim. That wasn't an option now. No one there would acquiesce to her.

Casey took a deep breath and folded her arms before her monumental tits. She had to focus on something else, anything but the horde of judgemental eyes on her, each of them scouring her body for ammo. Were the pickings really that slim without her there? Did they withhold their despicable personalities for her return?

Whatever. Let them be so sad as to pick on her. It was senior year, after which she wouldn't see them ever again, and wouldn't have to risk college either. Bimbos had but a few life paths, at least those who devoted their entire lives to the lifestyle. Porn was the obvious one, though modelling had picked up as they grew in popularity. The last was, well... Casey had no intention of going down that path. She just wanted to be feminine and no one looked more womanly -- if fake -- than Bimbos.

Just a few more things and it'll be done, Casey thought as the teacher came in. They contained their surprise when they called her name, though disdain was in her eyes. What teacher wants a Bimbo in their class after all? Or perhaps it was the fact that, though blatant fakes, she now had the biggest tits in class. Mrs. Clemens' chest stood out even among the most well-endowed, though Danielle still shamed her.

Danielle shamed everyone. Casey's mind wondered while the teacher covered something they'd done last year, and drifted its way to her friend. Something had changed about her. It wasn't that she'd mentioned sex out of nowhere, or that she and Holly were dating, though that made Casey's gut clench. Her thoughts turned to the hug.

She'd wanted to stay like that. Even now, reliving the memory fresh as it was, she wished she could go back. What was it? Danielle was friendly to a fault, so Casey and Holly had been subjects to her many hugs since meeting her, but she hadn't experienced this. What was it? Her mind repeated the same question over, like a racetrack. When it seemed she made it some headway, she turned and found herself back where she began.

Several factors could play a role. Casey sank her gaze into the expanded cleavage her parents had paid for, with a small contribution on her part, and exhaled as she imposed Danielle's own bust over it. That was part of it. The boobs. Someone laughed and she glanced up to see one of the girls was jumping to show off her own tits, above average but still small by comparison to some. They jiggled like two gelatinous globes in an earthquake almost in spite of the bra. Yet Casey suspected Danielle's were softer.

Two pillows, that's what they were. A pair of feather-stuffed pillows, so soft and inviting, yet firm enough for the eye to appreciate and lust for. So unlike her own pair of rounded orbs filled with a mixture of saline and other fluids to maintain their form. The doctor had said they would sag after a while to look more natural.

But they never would, would they? Danielle had the epitome of a natural pair. No matter how Casey augmented herself, she couldn't reach that peak, only blow past the size. Something would be missing. She didn't mind that. Long before she began saving and begging for surgeries, she had loved the plastic look on tits and asses. They looked so unreal that it made her cock ache.

As did Danielle's. So huge and lush and enticing and... were they perfect? No, impossible. One had to be bigger than the other, or at least one nipple was a different shade. Perfection didn't exist. A fact she'd long since accepted, until she met Danielle.

The teacher caught her attention, mercifully, and redirected her thoughts from Danielle. Another student was beside her, performing a series of jumping jacks. Her breasts jumped with her, offering a tantalising view for all. Casey clenched her thighs and looked to the teacher.

"As you can see, physics dictate a lot in society. From sensuality, to something as simple as how long it takes to walk. For Jessabelle here, her breasts are so large and buoyant that physics make her jiggle like pudding," Mrs. Clemens said, gesturing to her own chest and giving a slight bounce to demonstrate. Then her eyes found Casey and a cruel glimmer, the kind usually subdued in the corners of a teacher's mind, shone in them.

"Casey, perhaps you could come up and demonstrate the differences?"

"Um, no. Thanks?" Casey said and sank into her chair. Her breasts caught on the desk, however, and prevented her slipping any lower. Already, her heart was in her ears, shrieking in a bass tone for her to shrink away and disappear.

"You've missed two weeks. You don't get a choice," Mrs. Clemens said.

Casey nodded and did as asked. Someone slapped at her ass, sparking an awkward mixture of pleasure and embarrassment. Her face burnt, her nipples twitched, even her cock pressed against its bonds. It was strange. The bigger her implants, the more sensitive her skin became in those areas. Just showering with her new tits in the morning was a trial of control. She wouldn't give her dick the satisfaction. Ever.

Which, of course, made standing in front of the class after a mortifying yet delightful spank a true nightmare come to life. Whispers dampened the air and all eyes, most half-turned as people leaned toward one another, were fixed upon her. Casey gulped. This is where a Bimbo would flourish. So many stares. If she struck a pose here, then it'd be a massive step in that direction. If she could just act like nothing here bothered her.

Tremors rocked her muscles. Her knees almost gave out. They locked into place, defiant of the ogling crowd, yet her arms refused to be still. She grabbed at her shorts, which pulled the material flush to her penis. Her breaths shortened. Was any oxygen getting to her lungs? It didn't feel that way. Her head was clouding.

She looked to Mrs. Clemens. She was talking about something, but her words were muddled. It was like water was rushing through her ears. Then her vision started to blur. Was the world shaking? No, that was her. Stop it. STOP IT. Casey's silent pleas plummeted from her mind. They weren't welcome anymore. It was a party exclusive to terror. Was her bladder empty? Please let it be empty.
