 "Come on! It's my turn!" Casey whined. She leaned against the bathroom stall, watching and stroking herself to the scene before her.

"Sorry, ahh, it's so good," Holly answered from her prized perch, though she didn't move from it. A train of complaints and insults danced between them, all while the albino bounced, swayed and clapped her body against a mighty set of thighs. From those legs, extended a heaving trunk of masculinity, which was swallowed and released by Holly's slavering pussy. Danielle leaned past and offered a shrug for Casey.

"We're running out of time," Casey said, checking her phone.

"Don't worry," Holly puffed, internal muscles clenching and rippling. She stopped bouncing and ground her body into Danielle, undulating her sleek abdomen.

"Fine," Casey grumbled and walked around. She stroked faster now, eyes fixed on the sight, nose flared and penis streaming a clear slime, "Then I'll cum on your ass."

"Whatever," Holly said. She pulled Danielle into a deep kiss, quenching a moan as she resumed her usual rhythm. It wasn't long before she cried out. Her body twitched and rivulets of cream gushed from her stuffed hole, pouring across Danielle's balls to drip upon the floor. Casey's breaths rose and Danielle's gut clenched.

A minute longer and both let loose. The shemale went first, jerking to her phallus's wishes. She launched several streaks of white across Holly's rear and back, though they faded into her natural skin. As if to mock her release, Danielle came next. Her balls gurgled, a powerful rumble that rippled against Holly's rolling butt, and her penis distended. The albino almost screamed but was silenced by a hard kiss, even as the first wave gushed into her womb.

"I better be next," Casey said. She pouted, even as she cleaned Danielle's member with her tongue. Holly struggled to find her senses, sat upon the toilet as her inundated body drained.

"I promise," Danielle said and grabbed some paper towels. No matter how careful they were, they often left a mess. She wiped up all the evidence that escaped onto the floor and toilet rim, flushed and waited for Holly to finish.

"She won't be done in time," Casey said, which brought Danielle's head down to inspect her body. Regular gym visits, a better diet and still her body persisted in its inane growth spurt. Breasts the size of basketballs, hips that bumped into others in the halls, a butt that acted a cushion wherever she went -- though she appreciated that part -- while her male aspects hung egregious as ever. They had jumped in size since yesterday, when Holly had finished draining after just a few minutes.

She glanced at the time then at her bloated friend. She couldn't walk around like that, not without people jumping to conclusions. Given the trail of cum she'd leave behind, everyone would assume Danielle and her giant member were responsible. Without options, beside leaving her there, Danielle placed a hand on Holly's prodigious, semen-embroidered gut, then pushed. Holly yelped and shivered in pleasure as a sea of white exploded from her.

The toilet struggled to handle such a viscous and excessive load. Each flush made it gurgle from the strain, until it couldn't take anymore and stopped, clogged by Danielle's fluids. The bowl came close to overflowing when the flow dwindled, now mere drips. Her clothes should keep it contained.

"We should get out of here," Casey said.

"Yeah. Come on, Holly," Danielle said and helped her friend up.

"Oh god, that was great," Holly sighed and kissed her again, "Can't wait until we don't have a time limit." Her legs quivered, threatening to give out, so Danielle swept her up into a bridal carry.

Danielle grinned and shook her head. Her friends were insatiable, but she enjoyed it. They provided a fantastic distraction from the onslaught of stares she still received, though she handled them better. If anyone tried anything like Joan had, then she could push them away, simple as that. And the game had improved.

She couldn't say if her new musculature was the cause. It helped, as she could hold her friends up while standing, lifting and dropping them onto her member, and they were happy to worship her. That couldn't be the reason, however. Was it a change in mentality? Confidence could do wonders, as dozens of internet videos claimed, however that didn't seem probable. Not that it mattered. Sex was free, a great workout, and she got to hang out with her friends during it.

"Me neither," Danielle said.

"Miss Olsson, please put Miss Hemlock down. She's perfectly capable of walking on her own."

"Oh, sorry miss Yukihiro," Danielle said. The teacher's assistant regarded them past her grey-rimmed glasses, eyes stern and cold as the glass itself, before turning away. Her luscious rear swayed with each step, while hints of her breasts jiggled from the front.

"Geez, what's her problem?" Casey said.

"She's always been like that," Holly shrugged and walked on unsteady legs, "One sign of affection and off with your head."

"But she only told us off," Danielle said.

"Figure of speech, Dani," Holly chuckled, "Shame that she's so hot."

"Is she?" Danielle looked again and caught a glimpse of the staff member turning a corner, offering a better view at her curves. She glanced back to her friends, "Hm, I like you guys better."

"That's because you fuck us," Casey said, "And because she's a stuck up bitch."

"Casey!" Danielle admonished her.

"Sorry. It's true though."

Danielle sighed, "Yeah."

Later, they reconvened for lunch at the secluded tree. The sun cast its brilliance upon them, lush on Danielle and Casey's skin, while Holly glistened from the shade. A fine coat of sweat clung to them from PE last period. After the morning, Casey had staked her claim on Danielle, so the two laid on the grass, with the bimbo's limbs tangled in her own. They didn't risk sex since most had seen where Danielle had gone. Random admirers tended to show up when she least wanted them. A group hung on the fringe of her vision, watching in envy.

"Ah, you smell so good," Casey said and nuzzled deeper into Danielle's breast, sniffing like a curious pup, even rubbing her cheek against sweat-slicked flesh.

"I don't get it," Danielle sniffed at herself but didn't notice anything.

"That would be your pheromones," Holly said.

"My what?"

Holly retrieved a textbook from her bag and flipped to a dog-eared page, "Pheromones, a chemical generated to attract a mate. To put it simply, you smell so fucking awesome it makes us want to fuck."

"Oh, okay," Danielle frowned at her language, "Do you have to swear though?"

Holly shrugged, "I says it how I likes."

Danielle ignored her strange speech and gathered a drop of perspiration on her finger. She took a long sniff of it, jaw fixed in concentration, yet she detected none of the greatness her friends purported. It was just sweat. Musky and strong, almost unpleasant. Perhaps it was the association with sex? They often finished with a fine layer, and Casey did have an erection.

"What are you doing?" A sharp voice sliced through. They looked and saw Miss Yukihiro approaching. The group of onlookers had fled in her presence. She maintained an icy expression, but her body seethed with indignation.

"Um, we were..."

"Being inappropriate. Yes, I see that. Young people these days," Miss Yukihiro muttered, casting a critical eye over their choice in clothes. Casey and Holly dressed by choice, revealing their shoulders, cleavage and legs for all to see, though Casey also displayed her navel and sported a bulge in her pants. 

Danielle, meanwhile, didn't have many options. The clothes she'd bought, whether conservative or not, stretched over her body. Her shirt was forced low, stretched by several inches of cleavage, and her pants, designed to accommodate a far heavier woman, appeared as nothing more than leggings over her hips and penis. With the slight perspiration, it all clung to her like a second skin.

"What're you gonna do?" Casey snickered, "No dress code here. Long as I'm not nude, it's all good."

"Why you..." Miss Yukihiro glared at the bimbo, "That may be, but that type of closeness isn't tolerated here. Not by me."

"Fine," Casey said and released Danielle, then took her hand, "What about this?" The teacher's eye twitched.

"Sorry, Miss Yukihiro," Danielle said and retracted her hand, "We'll be more careful. Promise."

The teacher turned with nothing but a grateful smile and left. Once she turned the corner, Casey grumbled at the futa.

"Why'd you do that? I was teasing her."

"She's a teacher."

"Assistant," Holly interjected.

"Still," Danielle said, "I don't like getting in trouble."

"Says the futa who fucked me in broad daylight a few weeks ago," Casey pointed out.

"And who fucked me repeatedly in the lockers," Holly added.

"And who fucked her fitness instructor in the showers."

"And who said she got fucked in a café."

"Okay, okay, I get it," Danielle laughed. When had her life become so focused on sex?

"Not to mention that time I sucked you off in class," Holly said.

"You haven't done that," Danielle said, frowning as she scanned through her many, many lewd escapades.

"No, but next period is History, and Mrs. K's off this week. So, that means it'll be movie time."

"You can't be serious?" Danielle asked.

Half an hour later and she realised how devoted Holly was. The movie had started ten minutes ago. The lights were low, everyone either focused on their notebooks to doodle or take notes, and the substitute teacher was on her phone. Holly and Danielle sat opposite in the same column toward the far-right corner. When the time was right, Holly vanished from her desk and appeared beneath her lover's.

Danielle shot her worried glances, but didn't object as her near-useless pants were tugged down and her penis was released into the open. It remained calm, flopping over Holly's hand as she grabbed it with a deep inhale. Her fingers failed to circle it, requiring the other hand, while she faced the head. Blood flowed as she stroked. The shaft stiffened and bumped into her face. She kissed it in return, tongue snaking out to trail across the slit.

"Hmm, tastes so good," Holly whispered, then gagged herself by stuffing it past her lips, allowing it to swell into her. They wouldn't get away with it otherwise. As pleasure caught from embers, Danielle's member gained speed, distending her jaw and pressing into her oesophagus. From its already monumental stature, it bloomed into a giant, forcing Holly's fingers apart and diving deeper into her body. She worked her mouth to and fro, sliding her tongue along every inch she could manage, while her hands went to the dual spheres.

"Oh no," Danielle breathed, "What about when I orgasm?"

Holly said nothing. She gave a soft moan, obscured by the noise of the movie, and went deeper.

"Holly! I'm serious. What if we get in trouble?"

"Shh!" Danielle jerked at the shush, while Holly quivered in laughter. She raised her hand and made an 'OK' sign, then patted her belly. How greedy was she? Then again, Danielle hadn't seen her eat any lunch. She'd planned it from the start!

The realisation sucked any resistance from her. Danielle leaned into her chair and looked at the movie, even as her penis was all but inhaled by her girlfriend. It had reached her stomach now, yet much of it remained out in the open. The sensations were exquisite and intoxicating. She let out soft moans when Holly moved just right, or when her fingers squeezed her heavy balls. Pre-cum flowed now. She felt it moving through her shaft, down Holly's gulping throat.

Holly pressed forward until her chin met the straining sack. Danielle twitched and grabbed with her thighs, pulling the albino further still and holding her there, impaled on over three feet of feminine penis. No, what was it that Casey sometimes called it? Girl-cock? It sounded filthy, unnatural, yet it fit.

"Ooh, do you like it?" Danielle whispered, recalling that the two always dogged her to 'talk dirty'. Casey gave her frequent coaching sessions on it, often with messy results, "Do you like sucking my girl-cock?"

Holly huffed and shook with laughter. She waved her hand for Danielle to stop. It couldn't have been that bad, but she didn't try again. Holly kept going, now rocking back and forth on her legs. Spit clung to Danielle's length, turning the air cool against her skin, while Holly's lips massaged it.

"I think I'll, uh, cum soon," Danielle said. She hoped so. The lesson didn't have long left, much as she wished it could last another hour. Holly winked at her and resumed her motions with greater vigour.

"Sorry," someone said. Danielle looked up and saw Miss Yukihiro in the doorway. Why? The teacher's assistant went to the sub and spoke with her. Danielle held still, worried that she might be caught. It didn't matter. Holly remained unaware and moved too hard, setting off a wet gag during a lull in the movie. All eyes turned to her and Miss Yukihiro walked down the aisle. The film went dark, letting narration take place. Danielle shoved Holly off. She rushed back to her seat before light returned.

Danielle wasn't so quick. She stared at the staff member, who gawked at the impossible sight of a phallus sprouting from beneath a desk, so huge that it almost poked Holly's chair.

"Detention," Miss Yukihiro said, "Now leave and take care of that... thing."

"Should I...?" Holly spoke up but was silenced by a glare.

Tara collapsed into her chair in the teacher's lounge. Classes were over and the students were filing out, but a teacher's work didn't end there. She took a long swig of her coffee and checked her emails. After that, she would get to work on grades and reports. At least she had a friend to keep her company.

She grinned into her mug and pulled out her phone. An app was open, plain and unassuming aside from the dial on it. She turned it and a shiver ran up her spine as her 'friend' came to life, vibrating gently within her. If any of her colleagues heard the sound, they ignored it. Everyone was aware of her habit. She sighed and turned it up another notch. Moisture brimmed at her lips and her walls worked with the subtle motions.

Nothing quite beat the thrill it gave her. Blind eye or not, the fact that she sat there with a vibrator up her snatch, and a bullet taped to her clit, threatened to push her over the edge already. She bit her lip as she stood to retrieve some documents. Each step shifted the toys and rubbed her engorged mons, hitting delightful parts of her. The only consequence was how needy it left her.

A perpetual source of pleasure was fantastic, yet it couldn't provide the same relief of a real cock driving into her, or the wild motions of a new lover. Why did she have to think that now? Tara returned to her desk, a tiny, messy square sequestered amongst others, and fished out another toy from her purse. Her snatch clenched and drooled at the weight of it. This was her favourite, so huge most women quivered in fear. Not her. She shook with desire.

"Miss Song!"

"Ugh, not her," Tara groaned and returned her favourite. Violet Yukihiro approached her, flustered.

"I need you to hold detention with me."

"Why? No one is scheduled today," Tara said and checked, "Oh, tell a lie. Danielle Olsson? She's a damn angel. Girl doesn't even say 'damn' without apologising."

"Yes, well, I caught her masturbating during class."

"Really?" Tara grinned and wriggled her brows to the squirming of her vibrator, "She's shemale isn't she? Can't have been that easy to notice. Looking for it, weren't you?"

"No! Don't be ridiculous. Anyway, I need a teacher present or I can't keep her."

"Just let her go. So she rubbed one out, what's the big deal?" Tara said, thinking of her own high school life, spent with one arm taking notes and the other fingering her always unsatisfied cunt, "I bet you did it once or twice when you were her age."

"Ugh," Violet twisted her face, then shook her head, "Please? I'll look stupid otherwise."

"Fine," Tara sighed, "Gets me out of paperwork anyway. How long?"

"Just an hour."

"Jeez, it's not like she got cum in your coffee or something."

"No, but I've reason to believe she's been fornicating on school grounds."

Tara rolled her eyes and headed out, "You really need to relax, you know that?"

"No," Violet said and escorted her to the classroom responsible for holding Danielle.

"Hey," Tara said once she entered. She didn't have Danielle for any of her classes, though no one in the school hadn't seen her. It was impossible to mistake her after all. Hair so light it crossed from blonde to white and shone in the descending sun, a face divided in equal measure between adorable innocence and lurid sensuality, and a body that leaned to the latter. Oh, what a figure.

"Hi," Danielle said.

"No talking," Violet snapped.

"Lighten up. She's already being kept here against her will," Tara said and took a seat opposite the teen, trying not to gawk at how Danielle rested her bosom on the desk, "So, done in for jerking off, huh?"

"Uh, yes?" She sounded uncertain. Tara had heard that Danielle was never present for Sex Ed at the request of her parents. What hadn't they taught her? The rumours didn't give a lot of credit.

"I figured someone like you would get laid all the time."

"I mean, I lay down a lot at home."

"Holy..." The rumours were true, "I meant 'have sex'."

"Oh, that!" Danielle giggled, "Sorry. Yes, I do that a lot. Uh, don't tell my parents, please?"

"Not planning to," Tara said and leaned forward, placing her own, respectable bust on the wood. They almost touched. A little more pressure and they would, "So, tell me, why'd you do it?"

"Masturbate?"

"Yeah. You must've been pent up to let it out in class. Don't you have a girlfriend?"

"I have two."

"Nice!" Tara chortled, ignoring the grunt of disdain from the desk up front, "But that makes it even more unusual."

"I, uh, just had to. One of those times, I guess?" Danielle said.

"Hmm," Tara leaned deeper, their breasts touching, until she was inches away. She shouldn't be getting so close. Even she had standards, and students were off limits until they graduated. But something, an alluring enigma pulled her in, like the tempting come hither of a gorgeous lover, naked and dripping wet. The smell was similar too.

"What were you thinking about?" Tara asked, then thought better of having Violet hear and leaned in, offering her ear.

At the front of the class, Violet watched the two. Why did Tara Song, of all people, have to be the only teacher available? Anyone would do better. They'd treat Danielle's violation of school policy with the gravitas it needed. And to make it worse, the room had a busted AC. Her shirt suctioned to her skin as moisture brimmed. She wouldn't remove it, of course. That would be inappropriate.

But Tara had no such qualms. While talking with the student, at much too close a distance, she unbuttoned her top and set it aside, allowing her splendid skin into the open. A white bra highlighted against her ebony complexion, which glistened under a blossoming sheen. Violet stood and opened a window. A peculiar scent was building, one that inspired a separate heat within her. It was better left cold.

Her preference made no difference. Each inhale through her nose brought the scent back to her attention, despite the waft of fresh air from the windows, or the remnants of her deodorant. Disgusting. She knew this smell. She'd caught it when she stepped into the history class earlier, where she had caught Danielle in the act. It was the odour of sex.

The temptation to leave and find a can of air freshener almost overwhelmed her. Tara kept her there, however, for fear of what might transpire if she left. Unlike her, Tara had no issue with sex, rather she encouraged it. As did several of the faculty. If not for Violet, half the student body would be a breeding ground.
