 "So, how's the, uh, problem?" Holly asked. She and Danielle sat on a bench in the local mall, bags beside them, stuffed with the latest in a line of soon to be useless clothes. A week had passed and she still grew, faster than ever it seemed. She grimaced at how her breasts bellowed over the cups of her old bra, swallowing them in the sensitive flesh. It was a miracle that her nipples remained inside as they leaked.

"Annoying," Danielle said and tugged on the straps again. Should have changed in the store, she thought with a glance at Holly, who was partly responsible for her not doing so. The fact they were in public hadn't dissuaded the albino, instead it bolstered her to new heights. She'd all but emptied Danielle's balls, though they already surged with a fresh batch. The evidence lingered on Holly's belly; a pudgy gut squished by her belt.

"Can't be that bad. It's kind of sexy if you ask me," Holly said and licked her lips, eyes boiling with desire once more.

"You're worse than Casey," Danielle giggled, "Is there anything you need while we're here? We've only looked at stuff for me."

"Hmm," Holly surveyed the shops, "Not really. But I think I know something that might help you," she gestured to a maternity shop, "I've heard those bras are super stretchy and absorbent. Plus they should have breast pumps."

"But I'm not pregnant."

"So? We'll just say I am," Holly adjusted her belt so it no longer crushed her belly and instead gave her a slightly rounded bump, as if she were in early pregnancy. Warmth tickled Danielle's skin as she looked at the sight.

"Looks good," the futa said and stood. She carried all the bags, their weight was a comfortable reality for her, distracting from the other burdens she sported, which reminded her of their presence just by breathing. Her breasts jiggled if she respired too suddenly, and her butt was omnipresent, either forcing her underwear to wedge between it, or lifting her several inches from where she sat. Their masculine counterpart needed no reminder.

They headed into the store and all eyes strayed to them. Rather, they turned to Danielle. Holly required no further attention once they took in her skin and faux baby bump, but the egregiously endowed futa was another matter. From her friends' testimony, they could spend days, even weeks just looking at her. Such was her beauty.

Even her added musculature had no effect. Danielle hunched slightly to diminish her presence, though that only caused the bra to bite deeper. She shouldn't bother with it anymore. The weight wasn't a problem, not when her entire body rippled with strength. It honed her once soft form into a hardened statue, yet her curves remained prominent, firmer than before but still enormous. She passed a woman who saw no issue with gawking straight at her boobs. Danielle tensed and hoped the display of muscle would put her off. It didn't.

What good was being strong if it did nothing? Holly continued unabated, combing the hooks for bras that might fit the voluptuous futa, though few seemed vast enough. One was close, just an inch short. She approached an employee, wresting their attention from Danielle. Please hurry, she silently begged.

The stares were transitioning to lust. After so many times with her friends, and several strangers, she easily recognised it. People had different tells. One woman was obvious, her lips parted, her eyes became heavy-lidded and her thighs clenched. Another was subtler, with a slight brush of her tongue over her lips, or a sharper breath. It wouldn't be long before they approached her.

"Holly?"

If she heard the worry in Danielle's voice, she didn't show it, "They said they should have something. Maybe a couple even bigger than you. Isn't that great?"

"Hmm," Danielle moved to stand behind her, aware that it seemed ridiculous. She stood several inches over Holly, and her physique made the buxom albino comparable to a stick. If she could just shrink and hide -- not even hide, just shrink -- then she could be a normal girl again, or close enough. People were always kind to her, she recalled. Most claimed it was just how she was. Now she suspected another reason.

"Still though," Holly continued, eyes glimmering with intrigue, "Bigger than a fucking U cup? That'll be a sight."

"Yeah."

"Are you okay?" Holly asked, finally noticing.

"I... yeah. I think?" Danielle wished she sounded convincing, but it was impossible. The entire store, even those in the middle of a transaction, were fixated on her. She didn't meet their eyes. They were all the same, each with their own twisted glint that lust perpetuated. Holly looked now and huffed.

"Geez, get a life," Holly grumbled and stroked a hand through Danielle's hair, "It's alright. I'm here."

"I'm not a kid," Danielle said, but smiled gratefully. The fingers felt nice across her scalp, soothing like her mother's touch was years ago. A touch she hadn't known in years.

"Might as well be. You're too naïve to be anything else," Holly chuckled and gave her a peck on the lips, "But I love that about you."

Someone cleared their throat. Danielle looked and saw a young man holding several massive bras, a look of disbelief on his face. Not lust, but shock. He said nothing as Holly took the underwear with a smile, then it turned mischievous, and said, "Let's see if these even fit you. But who knows how long they'll last. Bet you'll outgrow them in a week." The man went wide-eyed and turned away. His pants had looked strained, like Danielle's always were.

"I hope they don't," Danielle said as they settled in a changing room.

"I think you're in the minority there," Holly handed her one of the bras. The smallest of the lot.

"What even attracts you to them?" Danielle asked as she stripped down, sighing at the relief to her chiselled body. The straps had left their mark, though they'd heal in a few minutes. Released from their prison, her breasts fell to slap against her abs and dripped milk to the floor. She wiped it up with the old one, intent on throwing it away regardless. Her nipples poked out a full inch now, despite her unaroused state.

"It's hard to put into words," Holly said and stared at the hulking masses.

"They're just fat," Danielle sighed. Fat that wouldn't burn off no matter what exercises she tried. Megan had exhausted all their options and, barring a radical, unhealthy diet, she saw no means to reduce their size naturally. Danielle was stuck with them.

"Hmm, but they're beautiful. The way your skin just flows, it's like a stream. So calm and fluid, then it spreads into an entire ocean, where anything can happen," as she spoke, she hefted one in both hands, "Not just that, but the feel of them. It's kind of satisfying, like a giant water balloon, you know. But there's more. I feel like, when I'm holding them or their pressed against me, like you're with me, Dani. So close that you're in my very soul."

Holly laid her head against one and sighed. She enveloped the pair in a hug, ignoring the streaks of lactate that landed on her, "Although, I guess that's just you in a nutshell. I love you, Dani."

"I..." Danielle hugged her back. It was a strange sensation that urged her penis to swell this time. Not stimulation, though the pressure against her boobs felt great. Something she recognised but wasn't familiar with. Dozens of emotions seemed to swirl and combine, from the anxiety that had threatened to send her running, to a blanket of calm. Through it all, Holly remained forthright, and beyond her were the others.

"They really don't look stupid?" Danielle asked once they parted. Sex lingered on her mind, and on her crotch, which pulsed against its garment. This was, perhaps, the first time she desired it. All the other times had seen her in a passive role until the game started, even then she only responded to what her partner wished, and acted on her own instinct. Something about orgasming in a womb seemed so right compared to anything else.

"No," Holly laughed and gave them a lingering squeeze, "Now quit worrying and try some on. I love a good show." She handed a bra over. It could easily fit over the girl's head, even so, Danielle had her doubts.

Several minutes passed in valiant struggles. Bra after bra tried and fell to Danielle's breasts, though some band sizes were simply too large for her, until only a couple measured up to the task. Her breast size itself wasn't unheard of, but was certainly uncommon for such a slender form. Bimbos often went to such a stage, by then, however, they forewent underwear in favour of showing themselves off to the fullest, nor did they need the support. Neither did Danielle. If not for her milk, she would gladly be rid of the tortuous clothing.

"How'd they look?" Danielle asked once she fitted herself into a suitor. Pregnant women dealt with a great deal of weight to their front, so the design offered maximum support and lift. The hooks sat snug between her shoulders, tight against muscle. She turned this way and that in front of the mirror, trying to decide for herself. The bra also had heavy padding to deal with lactation and made her gigantic bosom even grander. Or perhaps she had grown in the past minutes.

"Enormous," Holly said and came to embrace her from behind, staring at their reflections, "Jesus, they really are bigger than my head."

"Hmm," Danielle relaxed into the hug. Her eyes drifted shut to savour the closeness. Holly's fingers traced along her abs, softly defined against her stomach, and down into her underwear. Through half-lidded eyes, Danielle watched her girlfriend's hand slip inside and felt it brush her member.

"Really? After last time?" Danielle asked.

"Definitely," Holly kissed at her neck, teeth offering teasing grazes as she worked around until they were face to face, "You can't expect me to see my gorgeous, futa girlfriend strip and not get horny. Besides," she paused to yank the stretch of Danielle's penis from its prison. On release, it slapped heavily against her thighs, "Someone else is just as worked up."

"Oh yeah? Who?"

Holly rolled her eyes, which flickered to the door, "Get a clue. But... this time you're not that dumb." She stepped away and opened the door, revealing Casey, hunched over and her ear pressed to where it once was. A moment of stillness passed, before she realised she was caught. To Danielle's relief, she quickly shut it and came inside.

"Think I'm just gonna let the two of be alone?" Casey asked. 

"Meh, I already got a solo turn earlier. Figured player two should get a chance," Holly looked to Danielle, "Unless you want some three-way co-op?"

Danielle snickered, "Okay, stop that. I don't even do multiplayer. But I guess this is an exception." The futa strode toward them, powerful legs rippling as they propelled her, and trapped the two in a vice-like embrace.

"I'm still dressed here," Casey said.

"Me too," Holly seconded.

"Sorry, just... I really appreciate you guys. I want you to know that," Danielle said and let them go, "If I was dealing with this alone, I don't know what I'd do."

"I can think of a few things," Casey giggled as she shimmied out of her scant clothes, each no more than strips of cloth compared to Holly's also trim belly-shirt and shorts.

"Like what?"

"Like going mad with lust and fucking the entire school because you don't have a group of sluts begging for cock every five seconds," Casey explained and stroked herself to erection. Her other hand darted to her rear. The second her finger slipped inside, her penis leapt as if shocked and pre-cum beaded at its tip.

"I... yeah, I think that'd probably happen," Holly said.

"Really?" Danielle frowned, trying to imagine herself being so proactive.

"Well, you give off a certain vibe. Even if you didn't start fucking people out of sheer, pent up need, then people would flock to you. They already do. Just think about if you were really horny twenty-four-seven, and you had women lining up to get a shot at you," Holly said.

"Yeah, I guess that makes sense," Danielle nodded.

"Less talk, more fuck!" Casey whined. She fell to her knees with all the grace of a self-proclaimed slut and turned, presenting herself to Danielle. After their weeks of playing together, Casey's hole had customised itself to Danielle. Always parted, malleable and framed in a dense ring that stimulated them both. The bimbo hooked two pairs of fingers inside and pulled it open, revealing the juicy insides.

"You heard her," Holly shrugged, "Better get ready to play."

"Then hurry up," Danielle said and nodded to her half-erect phallus. Given time, it would rise on its own, raring to slam into Casey's swaying behind until the skin was red and raw. However, Holly often insisted on using her mouth, even having Danielle finish inside it multiple times. She'd noticed her friend sometimes had a lollipop on hand and sucked it suggestively. Perhaps it was practice, Danielle thought as her penis was engulfed, lathered in spit, then swallowed again by a different hole.

"Are they alright?" The cashier later asked when Danielle went to pay for her new clothes, and explain the damages to some of the smaller bras.

"Oh, yeah. Just bit off more than they could chew," Danielle chuckled with a glance to her friends. Both struggled to stand, supporting one another's weight, which had a stark addition in the form of their swollen bellies. In a maternity store, it'd be easy to mistake them for heavily pregnant women. Casey offered a mystery, however, as her puny pants, barely above a set of panties, made clear that she was shemale. Eyes followed them for once and left Danielle mostly alone. But one glance and they knew what caused those bulbous stomachs.

They parted ways at the bus. Danielle got off first and strode down her familiar street, satisfied that she wouldn't dampen her shirts anymore, and that her balls felt lighter. It wouldn't last. Perhaps a few hours before they ripened once more, eager to have her play again. The sun had almost set though, taking with it her chances of leaving the house.

For that reason, Danielle slowed her broad steps to bask in the warm air. Gentle wisps toyed with her hair as they passed, rustling leaves and grass as well. Brilliant streaks of yellow and red broke past the tree branches, slicing through shadow before fading. Several houses reflected the glow, white paint dazzling in the sunlight, while windows turned opaque. Some of her neighbours were out, tending to their front yards or fussing over their cars. Mrs. Pinkerton caught her eye and smiled warmly.

"Afternoon Danielle," Mrs. Pinkerton said once they were in earshot of each other. She was a pleasant woman, full bodied from her well-known baking habit. Danielle returned the greeting and paused to talk. Her neighbour was crouched before a short bush, trimming it, and wore a low shirt. Not unusual by itself, but today it seemed to capture Danielle's eye. And Mrs. Pinkerton had clearly seen something as well.

"I see you're still growing?" The older woman said. She had to be in her forties, based on how her eyes creased and her brown hair shimmered with silver.

"Yeah, it should stop soon," Danielle said, though she had no idea, not even a hint as to when this growth spurt would end. When it did, she doubted her body would be recognisable beyond boobs, butt and penis. All so massive that they dominated her very life. Doors would need widening, pants custom fitted, all clothes actually, and all her loved ones just to keep her member satisfied. What Casey had said earlier flitted through her mind.

Was she really capable of sleeping with so many people? Complete strangers at that. The answer laid in her memories, before she and Holly got together, and even afterwards, of how she'd met and played with random women. Bethany, the Bimbo and her first lover, that woman at the café whose name she never got, came to mind and others filtered among them. Without Casey and Holly, she might have continued like that.

"I would hope so. You've got enough chest for the whole country," Mrs. Pinkerton chortled, but her gaze lingered on the cause of her laughter. Like everyone else, she seemed incapable of looking away. Enraptured by globes of fatty tissue and milk. This was how it always started, wasn't it? Danielle watched her neighbour's cheeks, noting the flush that came to them.

"I've gotta go. Mom and Dad worry if I'm out after sunset," Danielle said.

"Oh, those two. Really, they should trust their, uh, daughter."

"Yeah, but..." Danielle shrugged and left with a final wave. Any longer and it would have gone horribly wrong. So much more was at stake for someone like Mrs. Pinkerton. She had a husband, a family, people who might get hurt if she was found playing with Danielle. Not that it made sense. Sex was something beloved, so it should be shared. If two people want it, then why stop them. She was sure Holly had explained it to her before, but the memory eluded her.

Danielle took a long breath as she stepped back into her house, "I'm back!" She set her bag down in the foyer and kicked off her shoes. Around the corner, she saw her mother sat at the kitchen table.

"Oh, good. We were just about to call you," Her mother, Hanna, said by way of greeting. Worry crinkled her face, which transitioned to Danielle's. She stepped into their kitchen, finding that Lucas, her father, was also there. Two cups of coffee rested between them, cold and untouched.

"Is something wrong?" Danielle asked. Lucas usually worked late, coming home in time for dinner and never earlier. Both glanced to her and back to each other, as if unsure about her presence. She glanced over herself, certain her clothes were appropriate, a term that was loosely applied now. Anything she wore had no hope of maintaining modesty. Finding nothing, she waited in silence, frowning at her parents.

"We need to talk," Hanna said after an eternity.

"About?"

"You," Lucas answered and took a sip of his drink, grimaced at its chill, then turned his attention to her. She had inherited her azure eyes from him, a deep blue that could be mistaken for a secretive ocean or the open sky. Today, his were darker, more akin to the depths of the Atlantic.

"What about me?" Danielle asked incredulously. She'd done nothing wrong, of that she was certain. What her body did was beyond her control. Unless they knew about her and Holly. And Casey, Megan, Tara, and Miss Yukihiro. She'd amassed too many lovers to properly keep track. One could have mentioned something and it reached her parents. Indignation flooded her cheeks as she anticipated what they'd say.

How dare they try and control her?

"It's about your body," Lucas said, clearly reading the anger in her eyes. His gaze remained locked on her face, away from her figure, "It's... have you been taking anything?"

"Like what?" Danielle deflated a little, the burn of anger replaced by a colder form.

"I don't know! Have kids at school been giving you things? Pills? Drugs? You just... you don't seem healthy, is all," Lucas flicked to her body then averted his eyes.

"Not healthy?" Danielle scowled at him.

"Well, dear, you are, uh, very muscular and that's... just not normal for a girl," Hanna said.

"I'm not a girl," Danielle turned to her, face bunched in concentration, trying to decipher everything they were saying, what they implied, "In case you forgot."

"No, no. Of course not," Hanna blushed and looked to her husband, eyes pleading for him to handle it. Handle what exactly? They couldn't just talk to her about this stuff, could they?

"Are you on drugs?" Lucas finally sighed.

"No!" Danielle said it louder than she meant but swallowed her apology. Something about this was off.

"We can't take that chance. You're going to the doctor tomorrow morning," Lucas said.
