 Pleasure wreathed her cock. Velvet walls undulated against the shaft, while the cervix and womb suckled the head as it slid back, then buckled on the return thrust. The room reeked of sex, a heady mixture of sweat, pussy and dick. Tendrils hooked into her sinuses, compelling her to create more. Moisture spattered her thighs and drooled from her cock when it slid away. Her moans echoed in her partner's, punctuated by the viscous squelch and slap of their bodies meeting.

Danielle retroactively chastised herself for how she'd acted. She had treated sex as something almost tedious, and to be feared. How dumb could she have been. Nothing compared to the sensations permeating her at that moment. Sweat glistened on her skin, which stuck to Allie's as she hilted inside her, and her hands were full with spurting nipples. Her own tits jiggled against the other Hyper's ass.

The sweet scent of milk filtered through their musk, calling her. Danielle licked her lips and, cock still buried inside, flipped Allie onto her back. She paused for a moment, staring at the woman who had done so much for her, and in a fraction of the time anyone else knew her.

Allie panted and stared back through half-glazed eyes. Her mouth hung open, rivulets of drool escaping down her neck and collarbone and into the valley of tits. Twin mountains spilled onto and over the queen-sized bed, gushing milk with every throb of Danielle's cock. Fat, bottle-sized teats twitched, longing for her touch. She grabbed them both and bore down on Allie.

"Ready?" Danielle asked as she inched back. She glanced to their groins, watching as her lover's insides clung to her shaft in desperation, before giving up. Perhaps she could pull the womb out if she went too hard, however the prospect didn't hinder her. For her, a Hyper, it seemed ridiculous to worry when she still had five feet of cock bulging through Allie's gut. Pre-cum rounded the shape, ounces pouring by the second.

"Always," Allie said and reached under her tits to hold her glorious thighs up and away. Danielle stopped as her head tugged against the cervix. Getting in was easy, the opposite required her to cum first. Sometimes multiple times. She flattened her body against Allie's and pulled the nipples to her mouth, opening wide to accept the endless streams of milk. Her hips stood high, ready to plummet and send both into bliss. She swallowed the mouthful and engulfed the teats.

Hyper fluids carried chemicals that few people, if anyone understood. Danielle knew the basics. Aphrodisiacs, elasticising agents and pain inhibitors were the most prevalent, but other effects underlined them all. Even Allie couldn't say what they all were.

They'd discovered one over the past week. Danielle filled her belly until it bulged before she reared back, panting as her body shivered. Her stomach flattened and her muscles throbbed. She trapped Allie between her rigid arms, thighs rippling with strength as her balls bellowed across the bed. Bigger and heavier until they matched Allie's tits in majesty, then kept going. Veins crawled across their surface.

She slammed her lips against Allie's and plunged every foot of her cock inside. The bulge surged and separated them. They licked at the flesh, before locking lips as Danielle reared back. The room echoed with Allie's scream on the next thrust. Her body quivered, curves jiggling, and her eyes rolled in their sockets. Drool spilled from her crazed smirk.

Again, Danielle slammed into her. No matter how her cunt tried, how its walls squeezed her, she powered through. The bulge rose and fell, never smaller than a melon. Allie released her legs as her strength gave out. She floundered beneath Danielle, trying to reciprocate the ecstasy despite her mind turning to mush. The muscled futa paid it no mind and pushed herself high before gravity took hold.

Through it all, Danielle kissed and licked and nibbled at her supple lover. The tang of sweat mingled with the sweet aftertaste of milk on her tongue, while she devoured the visceral aroma of their coupling. She ignored the bed squeaking and squelching beneath them, and the constant gush of Allie's juices. All that mattered was sating her own desires.

That's what a Hyper does. They crave sex, they satisfy that need, and incidentally send their partners to a blissful oblivion. She wasn't a selfish lover. Everything she did was for pleasure's sake, whether her own or others. None would complain.

Sex with a Hyper meant finding pleasure above most others. Some might find fulfilment elsewhere, but few things compared to the ecstasy of sleeping with a Hyper. The feeling of their bodies, how they found and toyed with places others weren't aware of, and the mere experience of being bathed in their presence, it all crafted a moment none could forget. Even Danielle's naiveté couldn't prevent it.

Allie howled as she orgasmed again. Several more came and went over the minutes, enforced by Danielle's ceaseless thrusts. Pre-cum continued to pour and round out Allie's gut, held inside by the futa's cock-plug. Her belly jiggled and smacked against her tits, forcing milk to spurt free, a glimpse of what was to come.

"Harder..." Allie slurred between climaxes, despite the brutal smack of flesh on flesh. No pain. The redness of her crotch from Danielle's thrusts, or the lingering crimson on her ass from earlier, stung pleasantly. Any bruises would heal quickly, as Allie had demonstrated several times.

As such, Danielle shuffled away from the bed, pulling her along. Her feet met the carpet. She bowed her legs to keep level with Allie, whose ass soon came to hang off the end, while her toes stretched to touch the floor. The change didn't register to her until Danielle's thrusts resumed. Standing, Danielle infused every ounce of force she could muster.

Her balls swung wide and her tits bounced with her ferocity. Allie's lower cheeks cushioned the blow with a heavy slap, sending stunted ripples through the flesh, and her pussy clenched at every blow. Danielle angled her hips, using her crotch to crush and grind into her lover's clit. Hoarse cries issued from the prone Hyper. Orgasms collided and merged, never ending, always flooding her body and mind with pleasure. Milk spurted from her tits as they heaved on her chest, splattering them both.

"Gonna cum," Danielle grunted. In her bliss, Allie's thighs had closed around Danielle, hoping to find a reprieve by slowing her. The futa crouched and hefted Allie's legs in the air, clearing an opening for her hips. Brutal claps ensued. Flesh turned scarlet and glistened from juices, sweat and milk. Danielle's muscles hardened in preparation. Veins throbbed across her form, turgid around her balls and cock, while her own pussy suckled on thin air, desperate for stimulus. If Allie was conscious afterwards, then she'd sit on her face.

"Give it to me. I need it," Allie mumbled.

"Don't worry, it's all for you right now. Every drop... every gallon, straight into your womb," Danielle said. She thought of using some curse words, but they still felt foreign on her tongue. And Allie had told her they weren't necessary. All that mattered was the sentiment, and she meant every word. Perhaps with a slight change.

Her cock throbbed. Pre-cum shoved past her urethra, loosening it for the waves to come. Allie's gut swelled, so full now that it oozed off her sides and her belly-button popped out. Both panted, eyes fixed to one another, each glazed over in burgeoning ecstasy. Despite dozens of orgasms, Danielle knew her lover hadn't reached the precipice. Nothing made Allie cum like having her womb flooded with life-giving jizz.

Several quick thrusts later and Danielle fell upon the woman. She lathered her tits in spit, basking in the suckling motions around her cock, before arching her back and crying out. Both their tits shot milk like geysers, trying to outdo the other, while Danielle's balls clenched tight. All held silent for a moment, broken by the constant patter of milk drops.

Then Danielle came. Semen roared up her shaft, stretching the belly of it until exploding forth. Danielle mauled her own tits as she released, licking up her own milk and heightening her pleasure through the twenty-second long spurt. She couldn't take her eyes from Allie, specifically the plump belly that soon resembled a late pregnancy, and distended into a fecund mountain.

Filled with cum and elastic from Danielle's fluids, the skin bellowed over Allie's sides and hips. It dipped low to devour her thighs, before pouring to the bed. All from the first shot. The second followed on its heels, eliciting another squeal of bliss from the Hypers. 

Pressure assailed Danielle from all corners, so great that pain sifted in with pleasure. She changed grips and latched to Allie's hips, holding on tight to keep from being evicted. It almost felt as if her own seed was trying to return to her, pressing on the still shooting opening. Allie continued to swell, vaster than usual on the second load.

Not a surprise, Danielle thought and decided to change it around. She jerked away before the third shot could be unleashed. Without her cock to keep her up, Allie fell to the floor in a moaning husk. Her pussy squelched as dense cum was pushed from it. She looked to Danielle in time to be blinded by cannon blasts of semen.

Layer upon layer coated her from head to toe long before Danielle had finished. She eventually moved to shove the tip in Allie's mouth, forcing the older woman to gulp it down. The amount was too great and spilled from her lips and nostrils. Every breath would taste and reek of cum, yet she didn't seem perturbed. In fact, her hands toyed with her belly while she moaned. Danielle eventually pulled free and let the rest cover Allie.

Once her orgasm diminished, the futa sat on the bed, semi-flaccid member and balls draped over Allie, who licked and kissed them while her body drained. Cum still dribbled from Danielle, pooling upon Allie's rotund gut.

"Back to school tomorrow," Allie later said. The two sat side-by-side in the luxurious bathtub, specially built by Greta, who proved far handier than any contractor. In just the week Danielle had lived with them, the shemale had reinforced much of the house and even written up plans for other improvements. Her old bath had no hope of fitting her voluptuous form, let alone Allie's often vaster curves.

"Yeah," Danielle said, absent-mindedly. She thought of her friends and other lovers, which brought her mind back to her parents. They hadn't taken her decision well, though better than she'd expected. Her mother had called and visited on occasion at least. She wasn't sure she cared that her dad hadn't made any such attempt.

"It'll be fine," Allie said and leaned her head on Danielle's shoulder.

"I know. I'm just anxious, I guess. What'll Holly and Casey think?"

"Of what?" Allie chuckled and stroked her fingers along the futa's ever more curvaceous form. As if awakened by her acceptance, and dedicated sex lessons, her body had 'bloomed' as Allie called it. When they first met, the Hyper mother held the largest breasts and hips in the household, possibly the world. She still did, but only while aroused. Danielle had an inch on her in both aspects, though she didn't make anywhere close to the same amount of milk. She made up for that with her cock. 

"What if I'm too big now?" Danielle asked.

"No such thing with Hypers."

"They might get scared, though," Danielle pulled her member above the water. Soft, it resembled a small, flesh coloured python, easily two maybe three feet long, with the head protected by thick foreskin and covered in docile veins. She licked her lips at the memory of Allie's tongue toying with it.

"Easy babe," Allie said, noticing the swell in her shaft.

"Sorry." Much as Hypers were born for sex, control was a necessity. Without it, they might lose themselves whenever the urge struck, which was frequent, and go on a rampage. If not for Bethany, and then her friends and other random acquaintances, Danielle might've suffered such a fate as her urges built up. She willed her shaft back to softness and let it go.

"Given any thought to what you'll wear tomorrow?" Allie asked. They'd finished the bath, having relaxed long enough for their fingers to prune, and stood in the bedroom. Danielle slept with the married couple, both more than happy to share. Their marriage wouldn't have lasted one month if Greta minded every person Allie slept with.

"Um, not really. I'm still not sure about what's 'hot' and 'sexy'."

"Anything that gets the imagination working," Allie grinned and rummaged through her wardrobe. They'd gone shopping for Danielle during the week, deciding that none of her old clothes would work at all, except perhaps her shoes. Now nothing she owned was without elastic or reinforced in some way. She didn't grow as Allie did, however her ongoing development was still an issue. Even Allie couldn't guess when Danielle might stop.

"Like this?" Danielle asked and grabbed a monumental tank top. It didn't fully cover the sides of her breasts and, like all tops, it bared at least a foot of cleavage. She didn't have any bras, since the support was unnecessary for her. Muscles lined her form, back to front and top to bottom, and none of it for show.

"A good start, and maybe pair it with this," Allie presented a sheer skirt.

"Um, that won't hide my cock," Danielle said and grinned at the word. How someone decided to repurpose a word into such a lewd thing would never cease to amaze her.

"Remember, we're not looking to hide, we're looking to entice. But you're right," Allie sighed and set it back down. Public decency had degraded in recent decades, but having her penis on blatant display still broke the law.

"Oh, what about these?" Danielle snatched a pair of shorts with a large pouch at the front. Her dick and balls would slot into it, a somehow 'clean' way to show off the sheer size of her endowments. Not to mention how the fabric would hug her ass, and sink into the plushness of her thighs, an obvious statement of how luscious her body was. So long as she didn't get an erection in them, the shorts might survive.

"Good choice," Allie said, "I'm wondering if some stockings would work, but maybe not. For now, we should get to bed. Big day coming up."

"Yeah," Danielle grinned and cradled her phone, a picture of her two closest friends looked back at her. She'd texted them both last week, apologising for ignoring them and asking for time. They understood and left her alone. But tomorrow, she would see them again. She could feel Casey's fake breasts against her softer pair, and bask in Holly's delicious ass once more.

Allie might be a Hyper, her body like a dream few people admitted to, but something about a normal figure enticed her just as much. Perhaps because of her 'dominance', the thing she most excelled at. Looking back, while she hadn't instigated any encounters, all women just worshipped her. Even Joan had in her own way.

"Oh, Dani," Allie sighed, bringing the futa from her reverie. She blinked and looked down to see her cock lifting her towel, eagerly stretching to its full glory. Last time Allie had measured, she came to just over five-feet, and her balls matched beach balls during erection. Strangely, while the rest of her grew, they seemed to shrink until she got hard. No larger than volleyballs on average.

"Um," Danielle offered her a shrug. Greta entered the room at that moment and immediately noticed.

"No early night for us then."

"Can't say I'm surprised. She's probably excited about fucking her friends," Allied grinned at Danielle's blush, though she didn't refuse the statement. It was inevitable after all, though she wouldn't just wait for them anymore. She wanted them as much as they wanted her.

"Unfortunately, my pussy took a real pounding earlier," Allie sighed.

"And my ass isn't really up for another round since yesterday," Greta said.

"Guess we'll have to get inventive." Allie's giggle sent shivers down the futa's spine and up her cock.

Danielle didn't remember much of what happened after that. She recalled the two toying with her urethra, but they kept her from seeing clearly, then being blinded by a pleasure she couldn't fully process. She passed out soon after. 

"I'm shitting myself," Danielle whispered the morning after. She sat in Allie's car, upfront with the voluptuous woman, while her children rode in the back. They didn't gawk at the Hypers as others did. To them it was just another day. They stopped at a red light, less than a mile away from her school. Not even a minute away from Holly and Casey, and others that she would doubtless fuck during the day.

"Don't worry," Allie patted her thigh, just below where the shorts ended, "Just let your body do what it wants. Everything will go fine."

"Yeah. Yeah, I know. I'm just... worried." What happened with Kelly returned, vivid as a nightmare.

"It won't happen again," Allie said.

"But..."

"No 'buts'. If you think it'll happen, you'll make it happen. Simple as that. Just focus on enjoying yourself."

"Okay. Thanks Allie."

"I should be thanking you. Greta and I haven't had this much fun in weeks. And for the new buns," Allie caressed her soft belly.

"Buns?" Danielle understood the phrase, but wondered how Allie knew she had multiples.

"Just a suspicion. I mean, you do blow me up like a blimp every day."

"What?" One of the girls exclaimed.

"Figure of speech," Danielle said, smirking at the change in roles. Not long ago and her friends would've corrected her. She traced her abs, lingering over her womb. Could she get pregnant? Everything seemed in order, but her body was a mystery to herself. She might understand it all one day, but she needed to focus. The school building loomed overhead, the same as always yet forever changed. Within those walls, her closest friends and lovers waited.

"Ready?" Allie asked, having parked at the curb. People passed by, some glanced in and gawked, but moved on soon after.

"Yeah," Danielle smiled, "Yeah, I'm ready."

Fresh air nipped at her skin. She breathed it in, relishing even the scent of gasoline, and tugged her shirt down. Unsurprisingly, her breasts had grown overnight. The fabric normally went no further than her waistline, but was forced to stretch by her boobs, not that anyone would notice its plight. Her tits extended the fabric down to her hips, the majestic mounds rising and falling with her steps. A constant stream of pleasure matched by how her dick shifted.

Running was impossible. Walking should be an awkward affair, with each movement as momentous as the last, no matter how subtle, yet she moved with ease. Her muscles all bore the strain as if it were just more clothes. She stopped at the stairs leading into the building. Others walked around her, gawking and blushing. Several waved at her. She returned the greeting with a sensual grin.

Her friends waited somewhere inside. Danielle fiddled with her shorts, trying and failing to pull the legs past the bulge of her member. The fabric sank deep into her thighs and ass, as she'd intended, concealing only enough to entice the imagination. Judging by the dazed stares she received, it worked.

"Okay, I've got this..." Danielle said under her breath and walked through the doors. It's common in movies for the bombshell girl to silence everyone. That didn't happen in reality, not without a better cause. Danielle was that cause. Footsteps and conversations slowed and stopped until all eyes were fixated on her, mouths agape, some mid-sentence. She swallowed her nerves and smiled. People would look and talk, they always will so just enjoy it.

Danielle headed down the centre, heedless of how her hips brushed people aside. She walked with a hook in her steps, flicking her ass to and fro. No other style came to her. Her hips demanded that she strut, her butt screamed to be admired, and her breasts lusted for the lift of her thighs. Already, her nipples tingled and pushed against the tank top.
