 Daphne managed to sleep through most of the day, snuggled close to her boyfriend. She only woke up when Idon did.

"I really wouldn't mind a second round", he told her, "but unfortunately, I have to work soon. These nightly guarding times are quite inconvenient. I really wouldn't mind if you would hunt at nights. We would spend more time together."

Daphne could not help but sigh. They have had this conversion multiple times already.

"Unfortunately, nocturnal animals see quite a bit more at nights than I do. Ever tried shooting a bow when you can't even see your own feet? You would barely hit the broad side of a barn."

They dressed up quickly (Daphne blushing as she skipped over her still wet panties, preferring to go commando instead) and headed out. After giving each other a goodbye hug, Idon seemed to remember something.

"I heard an interesting rumor from one of my colleges. You know the southern hill, where the rich people live, do you? Well, one of those bastards is aging not-so-well, and is struggling to satisfy his wife. He offered a huge sum of money for those potency increasing fruits. Pears of potency, are they called? Or just potency pears? They grow in the forests, you probably know them. Nevertheless, if you happen to find some, bring them to him, he would pay a whole lot. Certainly enough so you could skip hunting for a while. Maybe we can spend more time together that way. Either way, take care!"

After they separated, Daphne walked straight home. Despite getting late, she was not tired - she just woke up, after all. She also mused on the pears that Idon mentioned. She only saw those pear trees once in her life - she took a detour once with her father in the deep forests, forests that were unknown to her. If she could bring a handful of those to the old impotent rich guy Idon mentioned, she could make a bank. 

She was not surprised to find Merdon, her brother, still up and reading. After greetings and pleasantries, she asked him about the fruits.

"Do you happen to know about these... potency pears? You know, the one that gives males, well... more stamina in the bed?"

Merdon answered with a smile. "I certainly don't need any help with that yet, sis, however, I do know about them. I believe there was a copse of trees around the altar where we went with father once, a few years ago, in the deep forest. They are quite rare otherwise. I could draw you a map tomorrow if you want to travel there."

"I would appreciate it, thank you. I would be able to sell it for a boatload. Have a good night, I will try to sleep as well."

"One more thing, sis."

"Yes?"

"Don't forget your panties tomorrow."

Daphne heavily blushed as she rushed into her room. How could he tell?! She wore leather pants (made from animals that she, herself, hunted) - they were tight, but not THAT tight. Merdon was awfully perceptive in some things. She gathered her stuff that she needed tomorrow - it's going to be a two-day journey.

She left early the next day. She felt home in these known forests, but she would be crossing into unknown territory soon. Luckily, she had a general idea where she was going - she would have possibly found the spot even without the map her brother drew for her. She will be fine.

She also took comfort from the presence of her bow, and her well prepared arrows. She saw a couple of animals that were worth hunting, but not right now - she had more than enough food prepared for her journey, and she intended to carry as much fruit back as she could, hunting down anything would just add to the burden. She intended to really milk this opportunity.

She found the fork in the small path that she had to follow without any troubles. The flora and fauna slowly changed as she went into the deeper, denser parts of the forest, but she encountered no problems whatsoever. She finally found the mentioned altar about the time the Sun was setting - just in time, because walking all day totally drained her. She decided to make camp near the shrine.

It was a small, petty thing, barely more than a pile of stones with some religious symbol at the top. It was totally neglected, moss and lichen covered most of the surface. Still, it was the best point of interest around here - she decided to look for the trees tomorrow, in daylight. She fell into a dreamless sleep, her exhausted muscles demanding rest.

A sudden, sharp pain on her shoulder awoke her in the middle of the night. She was awake and ready with dagger in hand in a couple of seconds, but despite her awareness, she couldn't see anything in the pitch black. She could barely make out... something in the dark, something long but close to the ground - like a giant snake, but with a totally different movement. As far as she could tell, it moved like a worm as it inched away. It was not the first time she was bitten in the wild - she was a huntress, after all - but the fact that she had no idea what bit her was more than concerning. 

She was awake for a long while after the... something left, but in the end, she was able to fall asleep, intending to tend the wound tomorrow. It didn't hurt much.

She examined the bite in the morning, right after waking up. During her time in the forest, she learned how to identify most animals by their bitemark. It looked nothing like a wild animal.

It looked like a human's bite.

Luckily, it wasn't deep at all, and it didn't even hurt. What was also strange that she felt... horny. She always had a healthy sexual appetite, but right now she felt like a nympho. Her whole body was on fire, and when her hands sneaked under her shirt, she felt electrified by her own touch on her nipples. She also felt her pussy starting to moisten. Despite the fact that there was nothing nearby that would resemble eroticism of any kind, she wanted sex.

In the back of her mind she knew that her sudden increase in sexual appetite was probably because of the recent bite - since nothing unusual besides that happened to her - but she was simply unable to stop her hand from going straight down her pants, then panties. Her other hand remained on her nipples - they seemed swollen, and more sensitive than usual. She quickly stripped topless - her skin was just too sensitive. Her hand quickly found her pleasure button down there, and only after a few not-so-gentle touches, she already reached her orgasmic peak.

Except it wasn't like her usual orgasms. It still felt incredibly good, but unlike the usual ones, this one was not satisfying - she craved more, much more. She continued pleasuring herself until she reached her second, then third one.

After climaxing three times in a row, she cooled down somewhat - she was far from satisfied, but at least she could think. What the hell was happening to her?! Masturbating in the middle of the wilderness, in unknown territory, with a tight schedule to keep? She had to get a hold of herself, find and bring back those pears, then examine that bite later. But first things first - she should examine the trails of the mysterious animal that bit her.

She was not really surprised when she couldn't find any ordinary footprints. The imprint in the grass seemed like a giant snake's. The only real difference was some kind of strange, white liquid that was splattered all over the place. Examining it further, then finally tasting it with the tip of her tongue, she came to the astonishing realization that it was... milk...?

Deciding to postpone solving the current mystery, she forced herself onto her main objective: the fruits. Remaining topless for now (the skin on her chest remained awfully sensitive to the touch), she scouted around, and quickly found the trees she was looking for. They were filled to the brim with pears - an easy harvest. After filling every single one of her bags with freshly picked fruits, she headed home, getting as far from this strange place as possible.

Everything was going according to plan - except the bite. She was sure that the thing infected her with something... strange. She had no knowledge of any animal that was even remotely similar to the one she found. Maybe her brother could tell her more?

Merdon, her knowledgeable, reliable brother. Weak in body, but strong in mind. He also had no need for any potency increasing methods, including him. Daphne begin to wonder how long and thick his penis might be... is it bigger than Idon's?

She caught herself offguard with that thought. What was she thinking?! With her own brother? She would never do that!

She continued walking in an increased pace, but try as she might, she couldn't get the thought out of her head. She tried to ignore it, but her need for even more sexual satisfaction increased with every step she took. She also continued to remain topless - hopefully this infection would heal soon, because it was impossible for her to wear anything up top.

She continued her descend into a deep, primal state as she forced herself to keep walking instead of masturbating. She was barely more than an animal when she finally arrived home around dusk.

Her only concern at that point was to get her fix, her share of cock, whatever it took. Despite her extremely horny state, she was cunning enough to grab a handful of the freshly picked fruits, and slice them up into easily edible pieces. Two birds with one stone - besides turning her brother as horny as she was, she would also test the potency of the fruits before selling. A perfect plan. She didn't even care that she entered the house still topless.

"Hello, sis! Oh... What's wrong with u...? You seem to... Hmph!"

Her brother was no match to her frenzied might - she easily forced down a couple of slices of the pears down his throat. He had no choice but to chew and shallow.

She watched with satisfaction as her brother struggled and failed to keep his eyes off of her chest. The fruits were definitely working. To charm him even easier, her hands went to right to her nipples, surprised to find... actual breasts on her chest. She actually had boobs for some reason. She didn't - couldn't - really grasp the seriousness of the situation, all she did care about was that it felt amazingly good to touch and grope them. 

Shredding her last rational thought, her hands went straight to his brother's pants - not surprised to find quite a bit of erection down there. Merdon seemed well endowed for his slim frame - his dick might be even greater than Idon's!

She released the caged beast from his brother's tight breeches, then dove in to suck on it. It's length prevented her from totally engulfing it in her mouth, but she tried her best. Her hair has come undone some time ago, her tidy ponytail turning into a scarlet curtain framing her lust crazed face and eyes. She realized with satisfaction that the groans her brother were making were of pleasure, and nothing else. The fruit was working, and working well.

Quickly tearing the rest of their clothes from themselves, they started their mating season. It was not sensual, measured, calculated act of passion - it was hard, basic fucking.

Daphne took her brother's huge member easier into her sopping wet pussy, and started riding it, bounding up and down in her brother's lap, letting the ironhard organ leave her almost completely before slamming down again. Merdon was doing work on his own - his hips meeting hers halfway, squeezing every inch of his penis in her sister's hungry vagina. Incest or not - they didn't care.

Merdon, even in his revved up state, noticed the swelling on his sister's chest. When his fingers went to touch them, he grabbed soft breasts instead of the usual bony flatness. They were not big by any standards, but they felt amazing, soft, malleable, feminine. They were capped with extremely hard nipples, pushing into his palm.

Grabbing the recently discovered tits, he begin to use them as handlebars, trying to control the female beast her sister has become. He was in for an another surprise - as he saw her sister's body tighten up in her orgasm, followed by the rhythmical tightening, then loosening of her vagina, he also felt the breasts under his palm swell and expand. 

Not being able to comprehend what it all meant, the did the only reasonable thing: he came as well.