 When Daphne awoke the next morning, her mind immediately switched into damage control. She was fairly calm considering the circumstances - she got bitten by an unknown animal in the forest, sunken into a sexual craze, drugged her brother, then fucked him silly. As she looked down on her shoulder to examine the bite-mark, she couldn't help but notice - she had actual breasts. What is going on?

Sure, they were small, but they were THERE - about lemon sized. She figured she would be about an A cup. They felt really nice to her touch - not just like her nipples used to (although they more than kept their sensitivity), but having actual mass on her chest made her feel strange and... feminine? It would take some time to get used to them for sure. Why were they even there? She was sure that getting bustier has something to do with the bite. 

She continued to grope herself. Her new boobs, regardless of their small size, gave her an entirely new type of sensation. She wondered if her growth would be permanent. She certainly wouldn't mind if was, but she needed... specifics. Maybe her brother could tell her more...?

Oh right, her brother. Merdon was still sleeping right beside her, naked as the day he was born. Daphne's gaze wondered towards his crotch even without thinking, finding the surprisingly large and erect penis. Either he was having a wet dream, or the pears were still working to some extent.

Daphne was still reasonably calm, considering her position. They both enjoyed the sex, right? No one was harmed, no damage was done, and... no one else needs to know. She just has to sort it out with Merdon.

She gently shook his shoulder, then, when she got no answer, tried again a bit harder. This time he opened his eyes, then, after a few seconds, hastily covered himself.

Daphne had to giggle. Despite their recent lovemaking, Merdon went back to his usual, normal self. She wondered why didn't she, herself felt the need to do the same - she felt slightly embarrassed as well, but felt daring for a change. Her nakedness was not a big deal after all they just went through.

"Merdon, I... we need to talk."

Merdon cocked his head to the side. "Yes, I believe so. Are you... okay?"

"I... I don't know. I mean, I can think clearly right now, but in the grand scheme of things... I'm not okay. You have seen this bite-mark on my shoulder, didn't you?"

"Yes, I wanted to ask you about it, but things got... well... quite steamy yesterday."

"Yes, about that. Since I have gotten bitten by this... something... Well, I'm just gona say it: I have been insanely horny ever since then. Spending a whole night with sex lets me cool down somewhat, but I already feel the heat rising within me. Merdon, I'm so sorry! I have been infected, and I am out of control!"

"Yes, and on top of that, you tested the fruits on me. I have to say they are working really well. Any clue what kind of animal bit you?"

"I have no idea. It was something like a snake, but it moved differently... It was dark, so I didn't get to see it. And the bite-mark is... scarily like a human."

Merdon took a big breath while assessing the situation. "I think your best cause of action is to sell the fruits as soon as possible, then use the income to get yourself examined. We are in the red, we definitely need money. And I definitely need you to... well, get normal again. And... what about your... well, breasts? I haven't seen you naked since we were kids, but I'm fairly sure that they are a new addition as well. In fact, I felt them... well... growing under my palms yesterday, so to speak."

Daphne couldn't help but grope her new boobs again. She was embarrassed by her own shameful behavior, but the mere mention of her new assets caused an overpowering urge to feel herself up. Something was very wrong with her.

"I... I don't know. They practically grew out in a day! I will do as you told me, and will get myself examined as soon as possible. I mean, you just mentioned them, and I couldn't help but feel them up. Something is very wrong with me right now. Please, try to forget what just happened! I will get this mess fixed, I promise!"

Merdon was always the more clear-headed of the two, and this time was no different. "Don't worry, sis, we will get over this. Just do as I told you, while I will do some researching about the possible causes. And... it might not be appropriate for me to tell you this, but... you are amazing in the bed. Let's just... keep it a once-in-a lifetime experience, shall we?"

Ironically, this comment was the one that made Daphne blush. She had no idea how and what to reply, so she just hurried out of the room, her nakedness still on display.

She wasted no time - she already felt her need for sex rising. She wanted to be productive before her horniness got the better of her. After eating (she was ravenous), she quickly put on one of her usual leather attires. Out she went.

She knew exactly where to go, but she encountered an unusual problem. Her leather vest was... painfully tight. It wasn't really a size problem - more like a friction one. As she casually jogged to her destination, the increased size and sensitivity of her newly grown boobs was more than felt by her - in an arousing way. Moreover, her breasts moved - not really jiggling, they were too small to really do that (yet? it crossed her mind), but they constantly reminded Daphne of their presence. 

Nevertheless, she arrived at her destination fairly soon, and after a little bit of asking and questioning, she pinpointed the exact house (mansion, really) where her soon-to-be buyer lived. She knocked on the door.

The man who opened the door did not look like the guy Daphne envisioned in her mind. She expected an old looking, overweight geezer, but the male before her was tall, fit, and handsome - and apart from his grey hair and a few wrinkles, he didn't look too old. Daphne guessed his age around 50. Was this really the guy she was looking for? She intended to find out.

"Hello, I'm Daphne, and are you, by any chance, Phemedes? I am looking for him."

The man eyed her up and down before answering. "It's me, alright. What can I help you with?"

Daphne decided to get straight to the point. "I have something that might interest you - potency pears, to be exact. My... sources say that you are in need of these." And with that, she presented one of the mentioned fruits. It looked tasty.

Phemedes looked at the pears with doubt and a hint of anger. "Gossips are spreading like wildfire these days. Oh well. I guess there's no point denying it - yes, my maleness could use some help these days. However, these fruits look like normal pears to me. Can you prove their effectiveness?"

Daphne could not help but smile. Oh, these fruits work well, and work fast - they turned her shy brother into a sex crazed monster for a time. She held out her hand with the pear. "Have a bite or two. They DO work."

She watched as Phemedes chomped on it. She... really wouldn't mind experiencing yesterday's events yet again, but this time, instead of her brother, it would be this handsome, veteran guy... or did she...?

She shook her head as Phemedes gulped the rest of the pear down to clear her head. She needed to cut a deal as soon as possible - her self-control was beginning to fail. She needed the money, then needed out.

Phemedes looked at her with curious eyes. "I... I can definitely feel something. But I heard that these things can turn anyone into a... well, fuck machine, if you pardon my language, and I'm not feeling that. But they are definitely doing something. What's up with that?"

Daphne could not answer in her confusion. They worked on her brother wonderfully yesterday, even better than she imagined they would. Was this guy totally impotent or something...?

Their awkward silence was interrupted by a female voice coming from the house. "Honey, you have been standing in the doorway for a while now. Is there a guest or something?" And with that, she walked into Phemedes's (and Daphne's) vision.

She was a woman with a forgettable face, slightly plump, brown hair, and... huge boobs. It was pointless to deny it - the first thing you noticed about her was the size of her chest. She was busty as hell.

Phemedes's mouth curled up in a smile. He turned back to Daphne. "Never mind what I just said. Them fruits are working just fine. You just need a woman with actual curves to... activate it. Leave all those pears here; I will be here in a minute."

The confused Daphne placed all the pears down on a nearby table. Phemedes came back with a handful of gold coins in his hand - and a huge tent in his trousers. "There, it should be plenty. Thank you for the delivery, but now, if you don't mind, a woman with actual breasts is waiting for my performance." And with that, he slammed the door.

Daphne felt puzzled and ashamed as she walked away from the house, the gold still in her hand. Was she just... outclassed by that below than average looking woman?! And even more than that, she, Daphne, was unable to cause even as much as an erection from that man? Despite pretty much drugging him?! That old bastard! This city's breast obsession is ridicolous!

She huffed and puffed as she stormed down the hills. As she pocketed the money, she realized her whole crotch was wet - she wanted that dick inside her more than she cared to admit. Or at least her body did.

She was desperate. Was she really that unattractive?! Surely not! Tight, fit body, amazingly round butt, beautiful face, lush, red hair - the whole package! The only thing she missed was a pair of cow udders apparently.

She grabbed her recently developed chest. According to her brother, they grew slightly during their recent lovemaking. It also might have grown when she masturbated in the jungle. If it were to be true, and her breast expansions were tied to her orgasms, all she needed to do was... to fuck. A lot.

Checking her bags, she was happy to discover a lonely pear sitting in one of them. She was sloppy when emptying her bags, apparently. It still might be of use - some extra...juice for her partner. Her boyfriend.

She found herself in front of Idon's house without thinking. Her primal mating instincts kicking in again, her body just straight up brought her here, wanting a pity fuck. Or a revenge fuck. For what exactly? She didn't even know. It didn't even matter.

It was around noon, so he was probably asleep - but not for long. She went in without even knocking, a plan in her mind, and a rope in her hand. She used to make traps with it, and never left without it, but it will serve a different purpose today. As expected, he found Idon sleeping on his back - he always slept on his back when he was really tired. It would suit Daphne's purposes just fine.

She quickly shed her clothing, then, without waking Idon up, she tied his hands to the corners of the bed. He only woke up when Daphne pulled down his underpants.

"Wha... what's happening? Daphne, is that you? What are you doing? Hmmph!"

His protests were quickly silenced by Daphne's hands roughly pushing a slice of pear into his mouth. After feeding him the whole fruit, he gagged him quickly with her very own panties, silencing any kind of protests.

The whole fruit-thing would have been pointless if she were in for a quick fuck - they did that on a regular basis anyways. However, she wanted a longer, wetter, better session this time. Her body needed it. Her ego needed it. She needed it.

Totally naked, Idon's cock was already showing signs of life. Daphne didn't even wait for him to fully awake - his dick was fully functional even if his mind was still groggy. She decided to take the matter - and member - into her hands, then her mouth.  

The penis in her mouth got hard in a record time, making her proud. Deciding that the time was right, she quickly made a quick, tight knot around Idon's erect cock with her rope - her plan was to delay his orgasm as much as possible. After making sure that everything was positioned correctly, she spread her thighs, then dove pelvis-first down onto the waiting maleness. She took him deep without a hitch, then started riding him. 

In her extremely revved up state, she reached her first orgasm pretty damn fast. It excited her that Idon was totally unable to do anything about anything she was doing to him. He wouldn't be able to come for a while, and he certainly won't be going soft anytime soon in his drugged state.

Her hands quickly went to her budding chest. She usually just pinched her nipples, but this time, she laid her palms on her newly grown breasts. She felt each tightening of her pussy paired up with... a growth spurt of her breasts! It was glorious!

Ironically, her first orgasm only served to make her hornier on the grand scheme of things. It didn't just simply felt good - it felt amazing, and it also felt like... progress. All she needed to do was to ride this glorious cock under her, and she would be blessed with bigger breasts each time she came. Even though the increase was small, and normally she wouldn't have wanted any changes to her body anyway, her sexed up mind overpowered any rational thoughts in her mind. 

Continuing on, she changed positions - it was up to her to spice things up, because Idon was unable to do anything except taking it. She turned sideways while bringing her legs together, then continued riding. What she lost in speed, she made up in tightness. She came within seconds.

Her right went down to her clit as she turned even more, this time riding Idon backwards. Her pleasure button certainly felt enjoyable below her fingers, but it was inferior to her insanely sensitive nipples. Mashing and smashing her tits even more with two hands, she slammed her pelvis down without a care in the world, her tight buttocks making contact with Idon's hips below. 

This went on for a while. Her breasts certainly weren't just itty-bitty titties anymore - they certainly filled her hands now. They also started to move, to jiggle on their own, adding additional pleasure to Daphne's ever growing orgasms. Her legs were getting tired now, so she had to use her hands to hold her up and move her around - but she did not stop. She wanted more.

When she finally collapsed from exhaustion, right next to the still tied Idon, she quickly copped a feel of her new breasts before falling asleep. She felt something wet on her nipples. She suckled on her thumb like a baby. 

She tasted milk.