 Chapter 1: Seduced From His Vowel

This is the first story of Darius. He goes from a relatively safe and simple life to an uncertain but heroic future, filled with love and lust.

It was the beginning of a new day. The first real winter day. Only two days ago a little snow had begun to fall. And now, all was white. The sun came up, reflecting it's beams on the snowy ground and trees. Above the little rivers and streams, fog struggled for survival in the rising sun. 

Lord Darius the third, master of the church aligned order of the knights from Hollard castle, overlooked the scenery from his room in one of the castle towers. Assigned to his position only last summer, Darius was still a little uncomfortable with his new role. When he took over the Order of Faith from the previous Lord, it had come as a total surprise. Lord Shatoy I was in his early thirties when he suddenly died from some strange but extremely lethal disease. Only 24 years old, and Darius was leading an entire order of highly trained church knights. 

He was called back from his thoughts by a knock on the door. Teodus, one of his lieutenants, entered the room. 

'Lord Darius, sir. A messenger from King Leo has arrived. It's for your introduction at the court as the new master of the order.'

'Thank you Teodus,' Darius replied. 'I'll meet with him in a minute'.

Teodus left the room immediately. Darius turned back towards the window. He wondered why the King didn't have these meetings in spring or in the summer. King Leo never would. For some reason he liked to organize his official parties, celebrations etc. all in the winter. In the higher classes, they tend to refer to the Freezing King, when talking about Leo. Darius turned, got his official gear, and went down towards the guest's hall. 

'Greetings Lord Darius III, new master of the Order of Faith.' The messenger stated. 

'Greeting to you too …?' 

'Tomas sir'

'Well then, Greetings to you too Tomas.' Darius said. 'How are things in the King's castle?'

'Quiet sir, we haven't heard of the barbarian savages in months. Nor is there any trouble in the cities. Our faith is well established throughout the land. The King is pleased with the work of your Order.'

Feeling a bit proud at these words, Darius answered. 'We only do our work here. Most of the credit should go to Lord Sjatoy. He worked hard to form a bigger and better trained Order of Knights. Well, enough about this. What's the King's message exactly?'

Tomas took a step back. He pulled a piece of paper from his pack. He cleared his throat before he started to read.

'Honored Lord Darius of the Order of Faith. It must be known to you that I am pleased with your devotion and dedication to the church and the Order. It is now time to make you official introduction in the capitol of Bregoria and my castle. You will be expected on the third day of the new moon. The celebration will begin at mid-day. Keep up the good work. There's still a lot of crime in the land. Show them that it is not wise to cross the Knights of the Order of Faith. Signed: King Leo I of Bregoria.'

'I will leave today' Darius said. 'Show the messenger to a room where he can rest. He will be our guest for the next few days.'

Teodus gave a quick sign to two of the soldiers in the room, who immediately showed Tomas the way.

'Teodus!' Darius called, 'You and Pardor will accompany me. Inform him and get ready.'

The faithful lieutenant did as he was told. After he left the Lord of the Order of Faith went to work. Preparations needed to be made. It was a two-and-a-halve day trip to the capitol, even with the fastest horses. He fitted himself with his finest armor and took his sword. 

Later that day, the party left. In front it was Lord Darius. Riding in shiny armor, his helm beside him, leaving his long blond hair flowing freely in the northern wind. His ears red from the cold blow, his bright blue eyes watery. On his right walked Teodus. With a grim look on his face, he was the biggest man in the group. Nearly 6'5'' tall, with broad shoulders, he's the only one in the Order today to use an axe instead of a sword. His short dark hair was standing wild on his head. On the left there was Pardor. One of the oldest and most experienced Knight of Faith he was. Almost 47 years old, he had seen a lot of action. A big scar ran almost entirely over the left side of his face. His short curly brown hair was beginning to grow gray, and his eyes betrayed the amount of pain and slaughter they had witnessed. 

After a quiet start of their journey they set camp for the night. Somewhere off the road in a small forest they made a fire and a place to sleep. Then, as the fire burned and they were enjoying a meal, the three hear a scream from inside the woods. They immediately dropped their food and draw their weapons. Lord Darius in front, the party started into the woods towards the place where they heard the scream. In just minutes time they reached an opening in the forest. An elven woman was lying on the ground, struggling to keep two men away from her. Beside them stood four other tugs. They were yelling at the woman and the two men with her. 'Come on Fred, show her how a real man takes care of his business. Behind the tugs lie two brutally slaughtered elves. Obviously surprised by the attack, since both of them had their weapons safely put away in their sheets. 

Darius didn't hesitated for a second, and charged right at the tugs, screaming for the glory of all good and the God. Followed closely by Teodus and Pardor. The tugs jumped up, and the four turned. The first one was too slow. Darius' sword drove effortlessly in the man's chest, leaving him gurgling on the ground. The others were more careful. Weapons already in hands they met the attacks from Teodus and Pardor. Teodus let go a mighty blow with his axe, the tug narrowly able to dodge. Pardor was having more trouble. Two of the four men in front aimed their attention at him. With all of his experience the gray Knight hold them of, parrying the short sword attacks. Darius turned to help out his friend. He slashed his large sword at the back on one of the tugs. Not able to raise a defense there he too fell on the ground, turning some snow from white to red. Teodus pushed another attack with his axe. Flying to the air, it was destined for the tugs' head for his defense was broken. But the axe never reached its goal. The two men that were attacking the elven women walked around him, and now stabbed him cowardly in the back. His eyes widen at the strike, as the axe dropped in the snow.

Darius roared in agony, for he witnessed the death of his closest friend within the Order. He let Pardor alone in his fight and went for revenge. His sword now flashing with unbelievable speed, killing the tugs one by one, leaving them bleeding on the ground without a chance. For his battle skills were the main reason Shatoy had named him his successor. 

He heard a flying sound going by his ear. When he looked up in surprise, he saw the elven woman with a bow in hand; she had just released an arrow. He only realized what had happened behind him when he turned around. Right behind him was the tug who had fought with Pardor. He lay still on the ground with an arrow planted firmly in his forehead. Then the second shock came to Darius. Pardor lie almost decapitated against a small tree. 

While he was getting his revenge for Teodus, Pardor just saw his last fight.

Darius fell on his knees. The elven woman now came to him. She laid a hand on Darius' shoulder.

'He fought bravely.' She said. 

'I know,' the shaken Lord answered, 'he always does.'

'I owe you my life,' the woman replied, 'I want to thank you for that. Those two over there are my brothers. We were collecting food when they ambushed us.'

'I am sorry for your losses,' Darius declared, 'had we been here sooner…'

'…then you would have been ambushed too, and we would all be dead.' The woman finished.

Darius looked at her for the first time. She was a marvelous creature. Her bright green eyes spoke of life and vitality. She had long curly brown/red hair hanging over her pointy ears. Her arms were scratched and her clothes torn. Her left breast fully showing. 

'Your dress is ripped.' Darius said. 'You should cover yourself.'

'It's not important.' The woman answered. 'I am Eiliandra, and I want to thank you again for saving my life.'

'My name is Lord Darius III of the Order of Faith,' he answered, 'and saving you was my duty in the eyes of God.'

'Well Darius, well met. But I still am grateful to you. I would like to offer you something in return.'

'Later.' Darius said. 'We have to go somewhere safer. We have a camp nearby. We'll go there for the night. It's warmer there and now there are two tents extra. And please do cover yourself.'

'Why, do you feel troubled by your faith, good Lord?'

Darius was a bit caught off guard by that remark. 'Ehh, um, no. But you might catch a cold. It's freezing you know.'

Eiliandra just gave him a knowing smile and followed him to the small camp. Darius offered Eiliandra some food and a blanket. She threw the blanket over her shoulders, but intentionally left the front open so the Church Knight could still see her exposed breast. They weren't really big but the shape of them was stunning. Firm and in perfect proportion with her body they stood proud. Her nipple was as hard as it possibly can be from the cold. But it was never proven it wouldn't be if it were in the middle of summer. Eiliandra was obviously attracted to her savior. 

When the time came to go to sleep she moved a little closer to Darius. 

'Please good Lord, I'm still shocked by the events of this night. Could I sleep with you in your tent.'

While she said this, she 'accidentally' dropped the blanket from one of her shoulders. Her other breast was in the open now too since she secretly ripped the dress even further. Darius now again looked in amazement at her marvelous breasts. He never had sex of even thought about it. As a Knight of Faith he was dedicated to serving God and good around the land. He led a protected life in the castle, leaving it only to fight or on official business. And now for the first time in his life, just after losing two of his friends, he stood before his greatest challenge. He wanted to say no. Wanted her to cover herself and to go to sleep in another tent. But she didn't. She looked him in the eye, with her life-filled green gemstone-like eyes. Full of desire. Desire… something he never experienced. He couldn't resist. Her charms were too strong for the young and inexperienced Knight. Without thinking of the consequences, he said, 'sure,' and he held his tent open for her. Eiliandra smiled at him, knowing she was winning their little game.

'I'll make sure that the fire keeps burning.' Darius said to her from outside. He put some more wood on the fire and shook it a little. Then he looked up to the skies and mumbled, 'Please Lord, give me the strength to get through this.'

He received no answer.

Darius opened the tent again and went in. He nearly choked. Eiliandra was lying on his bed, fully naked! In the dim light of the fire outside it was still an amazing sight. Darius had before today never seen a naked woman, let alone one this extremely beautiful. 

'Let me thank you my good lord,' the elven beauty whispered, 'and reward me as well for saving your life too.'

Darius' defenses where gone. His mind was filled with only one thing. This wonderful creature, obviously carved out by God personally. With a certain amount of trouble he removed his armor and the rest of his clothes. Recognizing his inexperience, she turned him on his back. Then she covered his body with hers. Giving him a slow kiss on his lips. Darius' excitement reached new hights in more than one way. 

'Just relax,' she said softly while looking at him with her loving emerald eyes, witch in his mind seemed to actually emit a green light reflection, 'I just know you'll be good at this.'

She rose her upper body as he digested her words. She seemed even happier than before when she saw his natural equipment fully in battle position. Lord Darius wasn't small in any way. Eiliandra decided his cock could be called 'Lord' as well. She was now even more excited about the coming night. 

The marvelous forest creature grabbed the cock and led it to her wet and waiting pussy. It took some trouble to push it in. But she loved every inch of it. Darius' mind was swirling. His brain couldn't keep up with the thoughts that rose. He let it all happen, to dumbfound to realize it all was real. Eiliandra held one hand on his chest as she started to move up and down. She was herself slowly moving to another dimension. With her other hand she cupped her own breast. Her index finger circling over her nipple. Her head fell back as she sighed in pleasure. The virgin Lord was regaining some of his self-control. His breathing went faster and heavier now. The image above him was indescribable. Only the sharp features of her chin were visible. Her head still arched back as she continuously moved up and down over his large cock. Looking down a little he saw her breast in perfect balance with her body. Moving up and down just as she did. He finally managed to take a little action. His left arm went up and moved slowly from her leg over her body towards her marvelous breast. At his touch she looked up again, arching a little to the front now.

'You're breasts are very beautiful.' He naively declared. 

She smiled. A sparkle went trough her emerald green eyes again. 

'They are also very sensitive,' she said, 'I enjoy your touch there.'

That was all the encouragement he needed. Learning fast he copied Eiliandra's movement earlier and circled his finger around her nipple. The elven beauty let out a soft moan. Leaning over to the front a little more, she crawled her hand trough his hair. Darius rose his head so his lips could meet again in a deep kiss. A to him unknown sensation was rising in his crotch. His mind went blank again. Eiliandra's movements on his dick were going faster. She too was having a sensation in her underbelly. She moaned louder and louder as she felt all her body tingling. When she came violently Darius' thoughts went into a blur and it made him release his cum deep into the elven beauty with a loud groan.

With this Eiliandra dropped herself onto his body. She kissed him while they both tried to recapture their breath. Her hand moving slowly over his cheek, she looked him straight in the eye with a satisfied look.

'I knew you would be good at this,' she whispered in his ear, 'I loved every second of it.'

'Your faith in me was the trigger I guess,' he smiled already regaining his self-confidence again. 

'Don't get cocky now my Lord, she grinned at him, 'the night is not over yet!'

She placed her head on his shoulder and placed his hand over her body.

'And then there's tomorrow,' she whispered right before falling asleep in his arms. Darius was awake a few minutes more, thinking about what on earth just happened, and then fell asleep too.

The next morning they awoke with a kiss. That is, Darius did. Eiliandra awoke before he did and she decided to wake him.

Darius got dressed and found a tunic in Teodus' tent that Eiliandra could wear. 

They stood quietly next to the tent for awhile. Then the Elven woman stepped before Darius.

'Come with me,' she pleaded. 'My home is only half-a-day away. Come live with me in the forest.'

Darius hesitated. 'But my work in the Order. I have a job to do here.'

Eiliandra grabbed him. 'But we can't be together in your world. If I come with you I would be punished possibly executed even, and you'll be removed from your position! I want to be with you!'

The Knight of Faith digested her words. He too wanted to be with her. More than anything in the world. But all he had learned… chivalry, honesty, justice and purity. He looked deep in her bright emerald green eyes. Then, all his doubts and reservations disappeared. She was right. The only thing he could do was to go with her. His face brightened.

'You are right,' he said, 'I am going with you. My only real friend is gone and you are all I have left.'

She jumped in the air in excitement.

'Really, Oh yes!' she cried out. And she kissed him.

'We should go now,' He said when she stopped, 'I'll leave my helm and a glove at the battlefield. I'll be declared dead in Bregoria. We can never return here.'

They kissed again. Darius left his helm and one of his gloves near Teodus and they left together to a new future in the Elven forest. Away from his vowel, towards more sex and love.