 Mia Rodriguez walked down the dark streets in her red high heels, black see through fish net stockings, and velvety red dress. For the first jon who catches her on the street, he was fortunate enough to taste and experience her clean, sweetie, goodness. After that first jon, the others didn't get a chance. Still ignorance was bliss and the men were so horny enough they didn't care that her shower was eight o clock in the morning. Besides, these sick bastards actually deserve it. They look down on her like she was nothing but trash. She figured it was her fault since she didn't better herself, but what was she suppose to do? She was born into this world with no skills, no family, and no help. So what is a pretty, helpless Puerto Rican girl to do? So far she was pretty; she had big tits, and nice round ass. She can fulfill men's fantasies just by flaunting her goodies and get crazy paid for it. Men (And sometimes women) pay her to fulfill their most perverted desires and she goes home with major cash in her pocket, a roof over her head, and nice food on the table. Everybody is happy. 

The morning and afternoon was good. Trying to get men to pick her up was like fishing. She was the worm on the hook and all men had to do was come swimming after her so they can do one of the most disgusting and weird things not even she could think of. Everything except eat her. But that didn't mean there were no strange as men into the occult or something. That's why she carried mase and a switchblade with her. If a trick started something that she didn't approve of she would give the crazy bastard a warning. If he didn't listen she would blind his ass with mase and while he is screaming in agony trying to wipe away the poison from his eyes and hopefully his mouth, that's when Mia would pull her bestfriend and ultimate protection, Sharp Betty. Just thinking how to introduce Betty to some crazy jon put a big smile on Mia's face. Hell, some of these horny, pathetic, bastards actually need lesson or two. They probably had wives cleaning up at home naïve enough to think that her faithful, loving, husband she shared two or three kids with would be out working late so they can keep their house in the Hamptons or some other rich and privileged place. 

After the sun went down and the stars took over the streets were still busy like always but the work was dying down. Mia figured that enough men got their nut off early making her figure that she had made enough money to pay her other perverted, sleazebag of a landlord so she wouldn't have to give him free head every month so she could find a decent place to sleep. 

As Mia walked the rest of the way home with her red purse strapped to her shoulder, she couldn't help but wonder if maybe she needed to up the price of her clients. Yes she made enough money to reach one thousand dollars. Half of that was going to that fat ass, sleazebag, landlord who, by coincidence, up the price of her stay saying that other people that live in the building are having problems with her day job. Yeah right. Half of those so called, "Hard working," citizens are convicted felons, drug addicts, or probably selling their asses too so at least they have a roof over their heads. 

Mia walked down the street and took a turn towards a dark alley. Of course the old saying of haphazard shortcuts is to never go down a dark alley alone. You didn't know what type of freaks may pop out of nowhere. And even if she was used goods, she did look pretty fine. As if she just came straight out of college. 

As she hurried on her way home Mia turned at the sound of something clinging like some can falling and rolling on the ground. But there was nothing there except for trash and heavy smoke from the heating grate most homeless people sleep on to stay warm. 

The whole scene looked pretty gothic as well as scary, so Mia turned back to her destination and kept walking. Suddenly she heard another bump, but this time it sounded like it was ahead of her. 

Not easily scared, Mia reached into her purse to unlock the cap of her mase and put her finger on the button in case she needed to whip it out on these freaks. Soliciting men and women on the streets for 3 years taught her that no matter how dangerous it is to be in close proximity in their car taught her that she needed to stay calm in case they start acting up. Unlike some of these naïve kids selling their pathetic asses thinking every man that gives them money for indecency was a nice man, Mia always knew better. There are no nice guys. At least none she met. If that was the case, she probably wouldn't be walking the streets, risking getting arrested because of her inappropriate attire, and jumping in and out of cars with strange men. 

If only she met a nice guy when she was born or as she was being raised maybe she would become one of these stuck up, stick in their ass, people who worked hard to become lawyers, doctors, corporate leaders thinking they give a damn about the economy and the people who have no choice but to take their bullshit if they wish to live. 

"Hello?!" Mia yelled out the darkness. Despite being a normal reaction, it did sounded pretty stupid to yell out for a greeting. "Is anyone there?" Nothing. Silence. Mia wanted to continue forward but heard another banging sound, like something accidentally tripping over some object while trying to sneak up on her. "Listen assholes," Mia threatened, "I don't know what game you guys are playing but if you think I'm some normal whore you can force yourself upon without paying, you figured wrong!" 

Still, there was no sound. 

Trapped as she may felt Mia had three choices. One, she could continue forward and hopefully not run into any freaks along the way. Two, risk going back the way she came hoping she would not run into any freaks on her way back. Or three, stand there like a deer in the headlights and wait for the crazy bastards to come to her. Risk that she is really to take if it meant she would hurt one of them and give her the chance to get away to sell her ass another day. 

Holding onto the mase as hard as she could, Mia made her way down the dark alley already planning out how she was going to kick this psycho's ass if he even existed. She came to the side of the building where there was stone steps leading up to a doorway that was opened and pitch black inside. Mia wasn't a fan of horror movies, but one thing she knew is don't travel or go into dark places where anyone or thing is hiding. Mia made sure she was a few steps away from that. 

Mia wanted to see the look on the perv's face when she whips out her mase, but she was getting tired of the mind games. She took out her mase in one hand along with her Sharp Betty in the other. 

"Okay you losers," Mia yelled, "you wanna play? Let's play. You don't who you are fuck'in with!"

Just like that something covered her nose and mouth. Mia tried to scream but whoever covered her face held on so tightly that it muffled out her screams. Plus, Mia smelled something really sour and strong and inhaled it in as much as she tried to let out. Mia thought about spraying the attacker backwards with the mase hoping to hit him in the face as much as give a taste of his own medicine. But both her wrists were held tightly and forced behind her back. One hand covering her face to drug her, the second gripping her wrist holding the mase, and a third gripping the other wrist with the switchblade. Either this man was some type of freak of nature or her paranoia was correct. There was more than one man stalking her. 

With both her defense and offense restrained, all Mia could do was struggle and hope that she was strong enough to break free. But the men were so strong that she could hardly even move an inch. Then there was the chemical that was freely flowing up her nose and mouth and hitting the brain causing her to see blurred visions of what was a dark alley. Now it was just complete darkness. 

