 Sorry it took me so long to post this chapter, but life as usual had me away. Hope you like it,and please don't forget to give me your opinion which I apreciate more than the actual votes. ;)

*****************

Chapter Seven

Anniel startled awake and tried to sit up, but she was wrapped in a heavy blanket—a blanket made of black feathers. She frowned and gasped when muscular arms pulled her back against a sculpted chest. Against her ass, she felt a hard cock.

She couldn't help the groan that erupted from her lips when teeth nipped the back of her neck. Without even thinking, her hips automatically tilted back in invitation.

Ashriel gripped her leg and draped it over his hip, opening her. Excitement zipped through her at the hard male feel of him.

"Ash, baby," she whispered with a shiver when his hand slid up her belly to cup one full breast. Immediately his fingers trapped her tight nipple and pulled making her gasp with pleasure.

Anniel turned to gaze into his smoldering grey eyes as he pressed the head of his cock against her wet slit. His sable hair was sleep tousled, but his expression was anything but, sleepy. He bit his lip and arched into her.

She felt swollen, throbbing, her pussy resisting his penetration for a moment. He slid his other hand up her ribcage to palm her breast and pinch her nipples, making her writhe against him. She whimpered when he gripped her harder, trying to force his way inside.

Anniel clenched her teeth, feeling almost as if she were giving birth backwards. Seraphs were built bigger, thicker—a foot long cock to go with their seven foot statures.

"Ah—god—it feels so good," she panted, wiggling her hips, desperate for his penetration.

It burned for a moment making her whimper, but then the head popped past her protesting opening. When he finally began to fill her, she cried out in bliss, "Oh, Ashriel, yes, fuck me."

He rolled them over until she lay on her tummy with him draped over her back. His thighs shoved hers apart and his hands gripped her wrists, effectively pinning her. His wings began to flutter in excitement.

Anniel panted and moaned, unable to do anything but lie there and let him fuck her, which he was doing quite exuberantly. He was so thick, she felt him dragging against every sensitive nerve within her quivering channel. Her body began to tense up. She wanted to move, but all she could do was tilt her ass up and feel his weight press down hard on her. His knees widened more, making her own legs ache from how wide he was spreading her. She felt him angle his hips back and her eyes gaped when his cockhead began rubbing something brutally exciting deep inside. Anniel opened her mouth, unable to breathe, unable to think, just feel. Her nails dug into the bedding and her lungs felt ready to explode as a pleasure so intense threatened to make her black out. When Ashriel bit the curve between her neck and shoulder, her body convulsed and she howled in rapture. A second howl erupted on the heels of the first one when he rammed harder, making her clit rub back and forth against the mattress, evoking a second orgasm much stronger than the first.

Heat shot up into her, filling her. Ashriel groaned, his hips jerking in short hard thrusts, so tight, so deep, his tip forcing his scalding seed into her womb to overflowing.

"I need you, Anniel," he growled, his cock still working in and out of her.

She could feel his cum bathing the bud of her clit in a warm trickle, overflowing from her womb. It felt so good she clenched around his plunging shaft. She heard his sharp intake of breath and felt the hot splashes of more seed deep within her. Anniel bit her lip and arched her back, letting him fill her again.

He was possessing her completely. The wet sound of her pussy being stuffed with his cock had her mouth watering. She turned her head, searching for his mouth and was rewarded with a deep tongue-filled kiss. Her body spasmed with another toe-curling orgasm, milking his cock as he filled her yet again.

Her head dropped on the bed as she panted, reveling in the glorious feel of Ashriel plowing into her with no restraint. She already knew when he was about to come because his beating wings would falter, and when he did spill, his abdominal muscles would clench, his body quiver and his wings stiffen straight back. His deep groans and snarls of pleasure in her ear had her biting her lips. Her throat was already sore from howling so much and her body completely spent, but, still, he managed to wring orgasm after orgasm from her, until she finally blacked out from so much pleasure.

*** 

The light, though dim, was enough to awaken her. Before opening her eyes, she sniffed and the scent of sex hung heavy in the air.

Anniel opened one bleary eye and saw a wall of shelves filled with mesh crates containing various pieces of equipment.

She closed it again with a whimper. Had she actually let Ashriel take her down into the storage level and let him fuck her within an inch of her life? She winced when she closed her still spread legs. Her whole body felt sore.

"Oh, yes you did, girl," she sighed. A warm flow of fluid let her know she was leaking enough Seraphian sperm to populate another planet.

Anniel cursed inwardly.

Now she had to crawl up the ramp and use Devon and Angel's hygiene unit. That meant facing the morning after.

Had he actually said he loved her?

She snorted, running a hand through her disheveled hair. He'd probably blurted it out in the heat of the moment.

A lump formed in her throat.

Oh-no-you-don't, girl—she thought angrily, blinking away her tears. She refused to shed one more tear for a man. She'd fucked him. She'd face the consequences with her big girl panties on.

Her gaze lit upon her shredded clothing, noting that her big girl panties had been decimated by the sexy reaper last night. She groaned, closing her eyes.

"Up, Anniel," she told herself.

Anniel winced when she sat up. The bedding next to her was still warm from his heat, but he was nowhere in sight.

She grimaced at the sticky feel between her thighs, but then hunger hit fast and hard, pushing away all other thought.

Luck was with her when she rushed up the ramp and into Angel and Devon's cabin—no Ashriel in sight. Ignoring Devon and Angel's grunting and panting on the upper bunk, she just headed into the hygiene unit and leaned her head against the wall as the cleansing beams engulfed her.

Behind her, Angel cried out and Devon growled, marking their conjoined climax. It wouldn't be the first time Anniel saw or heard them in the throes of passion, so it didn't faze her in the least. She had her own problems to worry about.

She needed clothes, but her carry on was still out in the lounge, stuffed beneath the couch. Maybe she could send Dev out to get it. They were quiet now, so they'd probably finished having their morning sex.

She felt his presence behind her and turned her head to stare into his face a foot away from hers.

His eyes took her in from head to toe before settling with disturbing intensity on her face again. Behind him, she could see Angel still sprawled out on her back, trying to catch her breath.

Anniel's stomach growled, and she looked away from them as her lip beaded in sweat. She began to shake and placed her hand over her stomach.

She saw what Devon was thinking clearly. Her belly swollen with child...Ashriel's child.

Anniel shook her head, trying to dispel the image. "It can't happen that fast, Dev. It took me almost six months to get pregnant from Garethiel."

He didn't say a word.

Not wanting to look him in the eye, she pushed past him.

She closed her eyes and tried to visualize her carry on. Concentrating, she willed it to her. It moved a little. Anniel huffed in frustration.

Devon's power flowed over her, reaching to her bag until it appeared right before her.

She frowned down at the carry on. Seth had always pestered her to work on her powers since awakening from suspended animation, but she'd done absolutely nothing to strengthen herself.

Jazriel began to fuss in his crib and she watched Devon, still stark naked, walk over to the crib.

She turned her eyes away from the sight of his jet-black hair spilling down the middle of his back and tight ass to dig through her belongings. There was nothing but silence as she pulled on a black tank top, panties, and cargo pants She could feel their eyes on her, even the baby

Her face heated up remembering how loud she'd howled...and how many times. Her and Ashriel's sexual marathon must've had the entire starcruiser up all night.

Slipping her feet into her boots, she pressed the closing button to allow the straps to tighten around her ankles and legs.

Taking a deep breath, she finally faced Devon and Angel.

"Good morning," she breathed out shakily.

One of Devon's brows shot up as he smirked. Angel just looked worried. Jazriel sucked his thumb looking at her blankly as he played with a lock of his daddy's silky hair.

Anniel pulled her shoulders back, stuck her chest out, and with her chin up, she stalked out of the cabin.

The dining area was to her right. She grinned when she found it empty and began looking to see what she could prepare for herself and Seth. She always made Seth breakfast.

As she punched in ingredients and directives, a bronzed, heavily muscled arm wrapped around her waist. She gasped when her hair was gripped gently and her head turned.

Ashriel covered her mouth with his, his tongue pushing into her mouth demanding a response. His hard erection rested against the seam of her ass and he did not hesitate to roll his hips against her.

Anniel arched back against him, the area between her legs growing moist and hot for him.

"I want to take you right here—right now," he growled against her lips, his hands already stealing under her top to stroke her breasts possessively.

Suddenly the image of Seth walking in on them made her panic. Seth was no virgin, but she'd raised him from a cub and it would just feel awkward to be caught being plowed by Ashriel in the dining room.

She wiggled and tried to pry his huge hands from her boobs. "Not here. We can't fuck here."

He would not release them though. "Why?" he asked.

Her stomach grumbled, embarrassing her. Ashriel stepped away, turning her to face him. He was a sight. His lips were reddened from their kisses and soft, his grey eyes dark with passion. He lifted one hand, his finger stroking back a lock of her hair tenderly. "You're hungry."

Her stomach growled again, and she pressed her hands over it, feeling her cheeks grow warm.

Ashriel smiled. "Prinut is very nutritious."

Anniel frowned. "It's gross."

The machine behind her dinged and the smell of food had her turning to retrieve the plates of food.

Food. God—she was starving.

Ashriel backed away, giving her space.

Pancakes, bacon, an omelet with onions, peppers, ham, tomato and cheese, buttered biscuits, hash browns, and a pitcher of ice-cold orange juice filled the counter before her.

"You're going to eat all that?"

Anniel looked over her shoulder at his shocked face. "Try to stop me."

Remembering to divide everything in half to share with Seth, She grabbed her platter and turned.

"Let me help you," Ashriel said taking the food from her. She almost snarled at him, but tamped it down.

He turned and headed toward the lounge. Setting the platter down on the table before the couch, he took a seat next to her.

Anniel barely noticed when Seth came down from the helm, the scent of food luring him. He peered in on her and Ash before walking toward the dining area.

After she'd wolfed down almost half the food, she remembered Ashriel.

She looked up into his face. He stared at her wide-eyed, making her feel embarrassed. She was stuffing her face like a pig.

"Want some?" she offered around a mouthful of pancakes.

His eyes lowered to the food. "I...shouldn't," he whispered.

Anniel remembered what Seth had said about Ashriel's tendency to fast. Her heart clenched wondering if he did it to punish himself. Shame filled her when she realized she hadn't even offered him anything. Had he even eaten this morning?

Without thinking twice, she offered him a bite of omelet.

Ashriel's grey eyes looked into hers a few seconds before he opened his lips.

She fed him the bite of omelet, and then offered him a bit of the sausage.

She forgot her hunger, or perhaps she felt sated, because she became fascinated with feeding him, watching his white teeth close on the fork as she pressed it passed his lush lips.

He seemed so sweet, his eyes on her face as she fed him, it made her want to cry.

When she offered him orange juice, the bob of his Adam's apple had her almost groaning. She wanted to sink her teeth into that sexy throat.

Ashriel licked his lips and stared at her. Anniel growled and leaned forward, needing to kiss him more than taking in her next breath.

The sight of Seth standing in the doorway made her jump.

"Everything okay, Sweetheart?" she asked him.

Ashriel scowled and turned to look at Seth.

"Don't mean to interrupt, but the princess from Utuduo already contacted us. She should be here in about half an hour for rendezvous."

"Right," Anniel sighed. She'd forgotten Angel and she were to board the Utuduodian royal vessel for the final approach to Rhylos. Ashriel and she would be separated for a day. "Half an hour, baby. Got it."

Seth nodded and left. He was always virtually expressionless, but there was some emotion in his eyes that made her want to go after him. Was he sad? Why? She usually had breakfast with him. Was that it? Did he feel abandoned?

Anniel pouted. Poor baby...but then she noticed Ashriel's thunderous expression.

"What?" she asked, concerned.

His lips tightened into a hard line. "Why do you address him with endearments?"

Anniel stared at him in confusion. "I raised him since her was a tiny thing." The memory of Seth's tiny size despite his age flashed in her mind. He'd been nine-years-old, but looked more like a five-year-old. He'd been neglected and deprived of affection.

"He's no longer a tiny thing. He's a man," Ashriel snorted.

Anniel put down her fork and frowned at him. His jealousy was absurd. "I love Seth like a son. He's my baby. He's like a son to all of us. We all raised him."

"He is neither your son, nor your baby."

"Ashriel, I don't like that you're jealous of my Seth. I won't allow you to separate me from any of my family. I love Devon, Angel, Remien, Rowie, Zachariel, Alluna, and Sethaliel. What happened between us won't change that ever."

Ashriel narrowed his eyes. "You're forgetting one more." When Anniel frowned in confusion, he spat, "Lucien."

Anniel's eyes widened. She stared at his angry countenance and nodded slowly, whispering, "Yes. I love Luke too."

The anger left his face and he looked at her, eyes full of hurt.

*** 

She'd named so many, and even admitted to loving Lucien, the dark prince...but she hadn't mentioned him.

Ashriel felt like the biggest fool. Maybe it was too soon for her. He'd been watching over her for so long, he knew her intimately. He knew she was strong, hard working, but she was also very feminine. Pink and black were her favorite colors and she was very maternal. He loved that about her. He loved her.

But she really didn't know anything about him, except that he was a Seraphian born reaper.

Ashriel turned away, realizing there really was nothing more to know anyhow. His life had been solely dedicated to honoring his holy vows as a reaper...and now he had no future.

"I'm sorry," he said in a low voice. "I have no right to demand anything from you." He wanted to add he knew he meant nothing to her, but it would make him sound like a lovelorn idiot.

Her fingers caressed his face, trying to get him to look at her, but it hurt too much to do so, knowing his love was not returned with the same fervor he felt. Served him right for steering away from his calling. He had no business trying to live the life of a normal person. He was not normal. He was an implement of the Divine One's wrath against the forces of darkness. His black wings were a reminder of that.

Anniel tipped his face to hers and kissed him, chasing away his gloomy thoughts. He drank from her lips like man dying of thirst, the bits and pieces of affection tossed his way greatly appreciated...as pathetic as it seemed. He'd fallen low indeed.

She pulled away, leaving him feeling bereft. He opened his eyes to see she was mere inches from his face, looking at him with a little frown marring her beautiful face. Her eyes this close revealed flecks of gold, brown, and green.

She bit her lip and shook her head a tiny bit, almost imperceptible.

Anniel stood and rushed out of the lounge, taking the platter with her, mumbling something about getting rid of it.

The silence was deafening.

Taking a deep cleansing breath, Ashriel rose and strode up to the helm. Sinking into the co-pilot's seat, he set about rechecking coordinates and fuel and air gages. He could feel Seth's eyes on him.

Frowning, Ashriel turned to glare at him. "Do you need to tell me something?"

"Actually..." Seth stopped short, pursing his lips. "Never mind."

Ashriel clenched his fists, and opened his mouth to demand the weretigri speak his mind, but a starship hailed them over the com unit.

The Utuduodian vessel had arrived before time.

*** 

Rhylos was nothing like Anniel had expected. From space, it looked like a moldy, rusted ball wrapped in a cloud of glowing green gas. When they entered the atmosphere, the cityscape below didn't change her first impression of Rhylos.

The city was divided into layers, and looked like a meshwork of pipes and glass tubes.

"See those floating islands?" Angel said. "The upper most citizens live there. The farther you descend the less wealth you will find."

Many air transports zipped about below between the meshwork.

Anniel strained to see down into the streets on the surface of the planet, but it was so dark, she couldn't make anything out. Spires of grimy metal and glass stretched down into an abyss of total darkness.

"Spooky," she murmured to herself.

"We're almost there," the Utuduodian princess said in her husky voice.

Anniel turned to princess Glory. Her name fit her well. The female was taller than Anniel's six-foot-six and her body was lean and muscular, crowned by a head of long red hair that reached mid-thigh.

The princess smiled at her, her green eyes sparkling. They'd all dressed in common Rhylos fashion that, to Anniel, looked very cyberpunk, complete with big goggles and bulky respirator. The planet boasted high technology and the ultimate living conditions—a virtual Utopia—but from what she could see, virtual was pretty much the operating word here. The supposed Utopia was not real.

The connecting shuttle from the Utuduodian starship to the spaceport leveled out to enter the busy spaceport. Anniel looked around, wondering which shuttle contained the reapers...and Ashriel.

"They won't be using this spaceport," Glory stated as if reading her mind.

"Why not?" Angel asked, fussing with her fake dreadlocks. The plastic tubes were a lime green and matched her outfit—a lime green mesh bodysuit with a vinyl corset and tulle miniskirt in black. Her lime green stockings had holes all over them and stretched over another pair of black fishnet stockings. Black vinyl boots rose to her knees and had lime green ties threaded through chrome grommets.

"The merchandise for the black market has their own spaceport. It's heavily guarded just in case someone wants to abduct merch for slavery."

Anniel shivered and immediately worried about the reapers, even though they were with Seth.
