 The others headed into the elevator ahead of them, with Eriel hanging groggily onto the white cyborg. The reaper moaned and whimpered, practically dragging his feet. Chameleon tipped Eriel's face to his to exam him with a frown, obviously concerned. Eriel sighed with a pout, batting his dark lashes as he leaned more against the tall cyborg. Anniel rolled her eyes when Eriel's naughty hand slid from Chameleon's waist to cup his ass while the other inched slowly up the cyborg's chiseled torso.

Natanael snickered. "Don't let him fool you. He's just trying to feel you up."

Chameleon's frown deepened in confusion.

Ashriel slipped his arm around her waist again, one wing sliding forward to cocoon her against his side as they walked into the elevator. Every time she looked up, his eyes were riveted on her.

She couldn't believe this beautiful seraph wanted her. The legendary Ashriel of Angelos.

Hugging him around his waist as well, her fingers stole up the center of his back to stroke the soft flesh between his wings. He shuddered, looking down at her with smoldering eyes. Anniel grinned up at him, rubbing her cheek against his pectoral. The feel of his beaded nipple so close to her mouth tempted her to turn her head a little and nip it...lick it...suck it. The thought of sucking had her eyes drifting down his glorious body, past his hard muscled abs, indented belly button, enticing jut of his hip bones to the tenting fabric of his soctanal. His dick was pointing almost straight up making her eyes gape and her feet trip.

His deep chuckle had her looking back up into his beautiful face. Anniel bit her lip to stifle a moan. Oh, hell, she was so angel-struck it was stupid.

Finally inside the elevator, he bent and scooped her up into his arms.

"Um," she said nervously, looking around at the others. No one said anything, so she just wrapped her arms around Ash's thick neck and began playing with his hair.

He still looked hot as fuck with it falling just past his shoulders, but she still had to ask. "Why did you cut it?"

His smile vanished and he became thoughtful. "I've never let it grow out."

"Oh." It really didn't matter. The dark, rich, chestnut brown strands gleamed in the harsh lighting of the elevator. They felt soft and luxurious as she sifted her fingers through the heavy fall.

"I will let it grow if it pleases you."

That perked her up a bit more, the memory of how utterly hot he'd looked with it tumbling to his waist. She always was a sucker for a guy with long hair and couldn't help the grin that curved her lips. "Really?" Feeling naughty, she leaned closer and whispered in his ear. "The longer it is, the hotter it makes me."

Ashriel's eyes widened. "Then I shall let it grow to my ass." Anniel threw her head back and laughed. "Perhaps I'll let it grow down to my ankles," he continued.

"Stop," she laughed, peppering his mouth with sweet kisses. "Down to your sexy ass is fine."

Too late she remembered her son shared the elevator ride with them and her face grew hot.

"My hair is down to my ass," Natanael said peering over Ashriel's shoulder, blocking her view of Cyneolle when she would have peered at him. Natanael's grin was wide and some of his blue hair fell into his eyes as he winked at her.

Ashriel frowned and flicked his wing out, sending Natanael into the wall with a loud bang and grunt.

"Ow. That hurt," the reaper protested.

"Good," Ashriel growled.

The elevator rose to the highest level of the section they were in. Anniel supposed they were going to fly back to the silver comet and the starcruiser where Seth, Abdiel, and Rayne awaited their return.

The prospect of being carried in Ashriel's arms as he flew excited her. He must've felt her emotions because he looked at her again and smiled. God-he was so beautiful. She couldn't stop gawking.

But she did when they ran right into Her son's back.

The scent of wolf hit her nose full force then, making a snarl erupt from her lips before she could stop herself.

Standing before them, blocking their path, was a large group of men, their skin twitching with the onset of a shift. Their alpha stood, arms crossed over his chest, pale blue eyes narrowed on Anniel. He grinned, his tongue sliding out to wet his lips before sliding back in past feral canines.

A low growl rumbled in his throat before he said, "So we meet again, gorgeous."

Anniel felt Ashriel's body stiffen. He let her down slowly and then gently moved her behind him. Despite her protest, his black wing helped move her solidly behind him.

Light startled her when she would have shoved his impertinent lovely black wings aside to stomp back in front of him. Looking up, she realized Ashriel was unsheathing his divine sword. Her jaw dropped at the sight and her eyes went round. It materialized from a pocket of bright, blue-white light a few inches away from the back of his neck.

Snarling and howling ensued.

"You can't defeat all of us with that archaic sword," an animalistic voice snarled.

"I have defeated legions of demons and devils with this sacred sword. You are naught but a handful of weak mongrels," Ashriel spat with disdain.

The Alpha laughed as Anniel tried in vain to peer over Ashriel's shoulder, but he kept her block by raising his wings and trapping her in between.

"These are my best warriors," the alpha said.

"Then be prepared to lose them all if you don't let us through."

"I'll let you all through...but I want the bitch."

Anniel felt the change in Ashriel. He became so still, it was as if he'd turned to stone. Only his wings moved. Every feather ruffled, lifting, as both wings slowly spread open wide...and she was standing between them, at his back. The growling in the room grew, but mixed within the growls were whimpers of fear. A reaper in kill mode was a terrifying sight, even to a werewolf.

"Natanael, guard her with your life," Ashriel said.

Anniel blinked in confusion. "What?"

Before she could say anything else, Natanael wrapped his sinewy arm around her middle and hauled her against his chest.

Anniel scowled up at him, but her words died in her throat when she saw that his eyes were completely black, his wings spread wide behind his back too, and in his free hand he held his own divine sword. His usually animated face was completely blank, and with the entire inside of his eyes a glittering solid black, he looked downright evil.

"Shit," she huffed looking back at Ashriel. The plasma lasers on her son's forearm guards began to glow and he too approached the group of werewolves slowly. His wings were spread out, one white the other shimmering silver metal.

"Get out of the way, Cyneolle," the alpha growled, showing fangs.

"I stand with these reapers," Cyn replied.

The alpha snapped his teeth ferociously, his skin beginning to fur over. "Then you can die with them."

Before anyone could move, Cyneolle and the alpha slammed into each other. Anniel screamed as she watched her son and the alpha fight savagely in the center of the room. Cyn's skin ripped and bled beneath elongated claws and fangs, but he still delivered punishing blows into the alpha's body. One punch knocked a canine, making the werewolf leader howl in pain. To Anniel's dismay, another tooth stretched out to replace the lost one.

Fangs sank deep into Cyn's bloodied forearm, sending a shower of sparks shooting out.

"Oh-god," Anniel gasped when her son's arm seemed to go dead.

He struck out with his white wing, sending the alpha flying twenty feet. The plasma firing forearm guards Cyn wore glowed brighter as he aimed his left arm at the fallen alpha...and hesitated.

"Go on, you coward," the alpha snarled, spitting blood. "Use your cyborg weapons. You can never defeat me as a wolf, because you're a filthy, worthless, half-breed shit. You never were—or ever will be—pack worthy."

Cyneolle panted, his good arm slowly going down.

Ashriel stepped closer now. "Cyneolle is so much more than you. He doesn't need a pack that turns their back on one of their own. He has his real family now. The Alpha Angels...and the Dark Angels. He's one of us."

***

Anniel struggled against Natanael when both her son and Ashriel ran into the multitude of snarling werewolves. "Nooo," she cried out in terror.

Ashriel's sword slashed with blinding agility. Some wolves were maimed, others killed. He looked like a berserker, sending blood and gore flying all around him. Cyn used his wings to make up for his limp arm, fighting valiantly. Eriel and Chameleon also joined in and in a matter of seconds, the few wolves left ran away in terror. The alpha, along with about one hundred werewolves were dead...torn to shreds.

Cyneolle stumbled and Anniel wrestled against Natanael, wanting to go to her injured son. Both Ashriel and Chameleon gripped him between them.

"My neurosensors and transmitters are damaged. The hydraulic fluid short-circuited them when he bit into my arm. Would have torn it off if my radius and ulna weren't made of Ainrodondron Scraale."

Ashriel's spooky black eyes widened. "The Divine One's sacred metal? Only divine swords are made from it. Where did you get it?"

"The last time I was refurbished, my makers discovered the original skeleton they were going to use for my body had been substituted by another. They were unable to open my stasis chamber during the whole process of my third birthing."

Anniel blinked in confusion, looking as baffled as the reapers.

"It is a long anecdote, but we have no time for my telling it. We must leave, now," Cyneolle insisted. He drew away from both Chameleon and Ashriel. "I can manage on my own. The nanos in my system are repairing and stabilizing my homeostasis. I'll be fine."

Anniel watched her son trod off toward the end of the long cavernous room. Ashriel strode purposefully back to her and swept her up in his arms again, thanking Natanael.

Green flames exploded from Cyneolles forearm guard, blasting a gaping hole in the glass wall that looked out to the myriad of crisscrossing glass tunnels and metal towers.

"Wrap your legs around me, baby," Ashriel instructed her.

With a gasp, she did as instructed, wrapping her arms around his neck as well.

His arms held her tight and he began to run, his wings lifting.

Anniel closed her eyes and buried her face in his neck. She felt his body tilt slightly and the loud thundering hum of his wings. The wind blew against her back, making her shiver a bit. Not from cold, because Ashriel was like a furnace, but from a bit of apprehension. They were literally hundreds of feet from the ground.

"I've got you, my love," Ashriel crooned into her ear.

His arms were like steel bands wrapped around her back and waist. Feeling a bit brave, she opened one eye. Natanael and Eriel flew just above them. Ashriel's wings were a blur of black behind his back and she snuggled tighter against his hot, hard body. He felt so good.

They began to descend.

"I thought you'd never get back," Seth's voice said relieved. "We need to get out of here, now."

A loud explosion rocked the ground."

Anniel looked up. The sky, visible about a mile above the very top of the highest pillars of the city was reddish grey, reminding her of Megdoluc's turbulent skies.

Ashriel rushed into the starcruiser, carrying her all the way. He didn't stop until he'd reached the helm and placed her into one of the seats. Crouching, he strapped her in and tested the belts before kissing her deeply.

The helm was a flurry of movement as the others strapped themselves in. Ashriel gripped one side of the pilot's chair as Seth gripped the other.

They stared at each other for a few seconds.

"Let Ash fly," the reapers chorused, "please."

Seth snorted and took the co-pilots chair grudgingly.

Anniel watched Ashriel strap himself into the pilot's chair and began barking out commands. His big strong hands gripped the throttles and the craft started to lift.

"Hold on," he breathed.

Anniel closed her eyes, her teeth clenching together as a whimper escaped her. The starcruiser shot up at an incredible speed. Gravity tried to suck them back down, but they continued to rise.

She felt Seth's power roll out. Linking to him, she felt when he cleared a path above them. The starcruiser did not slow down until they hit space.

Anniel's head spun a bit and she closed her eyes as a wave of nausea struck.

She moaned, hearing the sound of straps being undone.

"You have the helm now, Sethaliel," Ashriel said just before she felt his hands on her.

Gently, he lifted her from her seat and kissed her cheek. "Come. Let's get you settled down below. It's going to be a long flight."

"Where are we going?" she asked letting him lead her toward the ramps.

"Where ever Seth deems safe," Ashriel answered.

*** 

He led her down to the cabins below the helm. Her dark brown skin looked ashen and he could feel a slight tremor in her body when he pulled her against him.

"Are you in any pain?"

She gave him a baffled look. "No. I'm fine, just a little shaky."

"Have you eaten?" He scowled then. "Of course you haven't. You were too busy risking your neck and that of our unborn's traipsing through hostile space and a war-ridden planet looking for me." When hurt and anger tightened her features, he realized belatedly he shouldn't be upsetting her further. Stopping before she could blurt out the protest already forming on her lips, he pulled her against him and ravished her sweet mouth. "I was so afraid of losing you, my love," he said between luscious strokes of his tongue against hers. "Of not having you in my arms again." She melted against him, her fingers going into his hair, his wings. He ruffled his feathers for her, knowing she loved their soft feel. She sighed, and he stooped to pick her up.

Walking quickly, he kicked open Natanael's room. It was the only cabin with a big angel-sized bed sitting in the middle of the room. He laid Anniel carefully on the white sheets and untangled her arms from his neck. He grinned when she pouted adorably up at him.

"I want to get you something to eat first. You need to nourish yourself or our child will drain you."

His hand cupped her rounded belly. After she ate, he intended to remove all her clothing and embed himself with her tight silky depths until they reached their destination. She licked her lips, making him shudder as her eyes drank him in. Her evident attraction to him made him feel elated, but he wanted so much more than just to appeal to her physically. She'd said she loved him, but then she'd also told him once she loved the other Alpha Angels as well. He wanted to matter more than the others, not just another Alpha Angel she cared about. He wanted her in love with him, just as he was in love with her.

"What's wrong, baby?" she asked breaking him out of reverie.

He shook his head. "Just wondering what I should bring you."

Her eyes grew molten. "I could eat you," she purred as her hand cupped his straining length. "God, you look so hot in that get-up, baby."

He leaned away from her until he stood straight and looked down at himself. She had purchased him. He was hers...her slave. Ashriel looked back at her feeling his lips stretch in a grin. Her eyes widened, pupils dilated with lust. He was her sex slave...but he needed to feed his mistress first.

*** 

Anniel watched him leave and felt bereft. Letting out a loud sigh, she looked around. The sight of a hygiene unit had her smiling again. She could use a little cleaning up. Besides, her scalp was beginning to hurt with the tight hairdo she had.

Stripping quickly out of her clothes, she stepped into the cylindrical hygiene unit.

The soothing rays engulfed her, unraveled her tightly wound hair until it laid in a gleaming auburn mass against her back. Pursing her lips, she added a few more instructions to the unit and raised her face to the beams. Light engulfed her from above and below. She spread her feet wider and let the unit's soothing rays penetrate her core.

When the machine was done, the sweet scent of chocolate and champagne wafted around her. She opened her eyes and slipped her fingers into her thick hair. Her once auburn locks gleamed dark gold, like her son's hair. The loose curls wrapped playfully around her digits and she gave them a light tug, just to feel them bounce back into place. Sticking her ass out and tilting her head back, she gave her curls a shake, feeling the heavy silk caress her backside.

A low groan had her turning with a surprised squeak.

Ashriel stood at the door with a large tray in his hands. His eyes glittered with raging lust and his soctanal was lifted high with his erection. He took a few steps toward her, but stopped when he realized he could not touch her with both hands currently holding the food-laden tray.

His hair and wings contrasted sharply against the stark-white, bare sleeping cabin. Circling around the ridiculously large bed in the center of the room Ashriel placed his tray on the long dresser next to the hygiene unit. She trembled as he stalked toward her.

Taking a handful of her hair, he let the thick curls slide through his fingers.

"You're blonde now."

He was so serious, it worried her that he didn't like the change.

"I was tired of the red." His eyes met hers. She nibbled her lip. "Don't you like it?"

He pulled her against him and took her mouth. She smiled when she felt his jutting arousal poking her belly.

He released her, their breathing much quicker. "You could shave your head and you'd still be beautiful to me." When she arched her brow and smirked, he added with a frown, "but don't."

Darn, he was so adorable...and sexy.

"Not particular to bald women, eh?"

"I'm only particular to you. No other woman," he growled kissing her deeply again.

Anniel moaned against his lips, pushing up on her toes to get closer.

Slipping an arm around the bottom of her ass, he lifted her.

"You know, you're going to get me really spoiled with all this carrying me around everywhere."

"I need to feel you," he said kissing her neck now.

The feel of the cool laminated dresser top met her ass when he gently lowered her upon it. His hands gripped her knees and spread her legs wide, allowing him to step between them.

She saw how his eyes darkened when he traced her kiss-softened lips with his fingertip. Playfully, she nipped at his finger, making him gasp and bite his own lips.

Reaching over he grabbed a three-pronged fork and speared a food morsel with it.

"Open wide and eat," he said.

She took a bite and hummed her approval at the tastes of real meat, tender and juicy.

He continued to feed her, alternating between bites of meat and some vegetables. After she'd had plenty to eat, he offered her drink. It was a clear pinkish fluid that had a sweet tart taste to it. The drink was fizzy and refreshing and she gulped it down.

Ashriel smiled again, making her breath catch. "You have a good appetite," he said wiping a small drop of juice from her lower lip with his thumb.

She gripped his hand and nipped his thumb before latching onto his index finger with her lips. She sucked his finger deep into her mouth, wishing it were his cock instead.

His eyes smoldered, and his jaw grew slack as he focused on her lips. Ashriel swallowed, his Adams apple bobbing in his throat.

He pulled his finger out and inserted his two middle fingers. She moaned and sucked enthusiastically as he pumped his digits between her lips. His own lips parted and she could see his moist tongue past his white teeth.

His fingers left her lips with a soft pop. "Lean back. Put your feet up on the edge of the counter," he instructed with a deep-deep voice.

It made her shiver. Shifting her weight onto her hands, she rocked back, lifting her thighs so that her knees pressed up to either side of her breasts until her heels rested on the edge of the counter.
