 So this is it, the final instalment of Dark Angel. Different from The Witch and the Dragon, this story's scores were MUCH higher, but the comments were less too. I guess that's because there was less controversy with this story. Zak was into BDSM, and Ashriel couldn't have been more straight laced. Anyhoo, the next story will more than make up for DA's lack of controversy. It'll showcase Lucien and his 'Raynes'. And God knows Lucien is anything but straight laced. Bad boy to the core, but hurt and in some serious need of redeeming.

But enough of Redemption.

I leave you with the last of Dark Angel. Thanks to everyone who voted and especially commented. I really enjoyed the emails sent. They spurred me to keep posting because I hate to disappoint. Love you all and toodles for now.LH 

*************

Chapter Thirteen

Seth was adamant about all of them staying together, so they remained in Garethiel's big media room.

Of course, that meant Ashriel wasn't able to view the damned vid-crystal burning a hole in his boot. Natanael and Eriel had gone back to the starcruiser, despite Seth's protest, but had come back hours later empty-handed.

Natanael kept giving Ashriel suspicious glares, but while he was gone, Ashriel had bound the small crystal to his divine sword and sent it away. There was no way Natanael could ever retrieve or find it. The silly reaper had even barged into the hygiene room when Ashriel had gone in to use the facilities.

Ashriel looked over his shoulder and continued to shed his clothing as Nat pretended to admire the hygiene room's décor.

Pressing his clothing into Natanael's arms, Ashriel asked him with a smile if he could please toss them in the clothes cleaning unit.

Natanael narrowed his eyes, but then Anniel came in and began unabashedly disrobing too.

Ashriel scowled and with a snarled "out" shoved the disgruntled reaper out the door.

The third night, Ashriel felt a little stir-crazy. The only privacy he had with Anniel was when they used the hygiene room together, and even then, Seth was telling them to hurry because Devon might summon them.

"For the last time, Ash," Seth sighed, "If he opens a portal to call us through, we need to hustle before other Master Guardians pick up the energy pulse and lock onto our positions."

"But it takes a powerful Master Guardian to be able to accomplish that," Ashriel argued.

"There are powerful ones out there, Ash. Make no mistake about that."

"Ash?" Anniel called.

He looked over his shoulder to where he'd left her sleeping moments before.

Anniel laid on a thick, white, round rug. The flames of the fireplace behind her made her tousled dark blonde curls look like a halo around her head. She smiled and pulled back the cream colored blanket over her curves, inviting him back to her side.

Ashriel stood, a slave to her will, and went to her. Kneeling first, he lowered himself until he too was beneath the blanket with her. One leg and her arm went around him and his cock immediately stiffened against her belly.

"Mmm," she sighed before pressing an open-mouthed kiss to his lips. Their tongues dueled lazily for a while. Long enough for him to ache and wish they were alone. It didn't stop him from palming her round ass beneath the blanket. Her sleep shirt had ridden up and the poor excuse for underwear she wore barely covered the full mounds of her backside. He recalled with agonizing clarity that it actually barely contained the slit of her plump sex. He'd know because she'd shimmied into it only moments before when they'd finished their cleansing and quick bout of fucking in the hygiene room.

"You're going to be the death of me," he groaned feeling his balls tighten up against his shaft.

She snuggled tighter. "You smell good, baby."

Ashriel frowned, remembering his annoying brother had insisted on splashing him with some new cologne he'd purchased. Why he persisted in acting as if they'd never exchanged blows would always mystify and annoy Ashriel. It had been that way since they were chicklings.

Anniel's tongue running up the side of his neck had him sucking in a harsh breath between his teeth.

"My love," he whispered, "please stop teasing me. Unless you mean for us to go back into the hygiene room." He rolled his hips against her, hoping she'd say yes.

"No," Seth said behind them.

Ashriel scowled, turning his head to glare at the weretigri. Seth leaned back in a lounger, hands folded behind his neck looking up at the ceiling with bored indifference. The sound of Anniel yawning loudly had Ashriel turning back to her.

She rubbed one eye before grinning at him again. "You can love me here, baby."

Her hand caressed his cheek as she lifted her leg tighter against his waist and wiggled her hips.

The offer was more than tempting, but Ashriel still couldn't bring himself to make love to her in front of the others.

"My shy dark angel," she cooed kissing his lips.

"I am not shy," he claimed indignantly.

"Yes you are," Eriel snickered.

Ashriel ignored him. "Anniel, I will not besmirch our love with public displays of intimacy."

Anniel frowned. "But, baby, how can something so pure and beautiful, as showing our love for one another be...besmirchie?"

She looked clearly puzzled.

Making and effort to ignore the reapers sniggering, he insisted, "Sharing our bodies is something that should be done in private".

He turned to glare at the reapers when their laughter grew, and was surprised and chagrined to see even Seth rolling his eyes with a shake of his head.

Anniel tipped his face back to hers. She smiled, her eyes soft while her fingers stroked his cheek. "Ashriel, there is nothing shameful about our love. We're among family, people we trust and care about."

She put her palms on his shoulders and made him lay on his back as she straddled him.

Ashriel watched mesmerized her hands gripping the edges of her sleep shirt. Slowly she pulled it up her glorious body before tossing it just above his head. Her nipples were dark, tight buds decorating her big round globes. The fire light made her flesh look rich golden brown. Dark blonde curls fell in disarray over her shoulders, partially covering them. She looked absolutely breathtaking.

Realizing how bare she now was, Ashriel's eyes flicked to the reapers. They watched with mild interest, and Seth had slumped down in his big chair, looking up at the ceiling as if in deep thought.

Anniel sliding down his legs brought his attention back to her. He sucked in a shocked breath when she began undoing his pants.

"W-what are you going to do?" he gasped.

Again, the reapers snickered.

"Inexperienced." Natanael sighed.

"Yep, totally inexperienced," Eriel agreed.

Anniel turned before he could protest their teasing and growled low in her throat.

"Sorry," both reapers murmured.

She turned back, fully intent on putting her mouth to him but he covered his engorged flesh with his hand. "I'm not ready to do this," he confessed feeling his face heat.

She looked disappointed, but caressed his hand before sliding back up next to him, dragging the blanket with her to cover them. "That's okay, baby. When we get home, okay?"

He nodded, wondering if he was being too much of a prude. Anniel yawned again and he tucked her against him so she could snuggle down and let sleep take her.

The soft crackling of the fire as well as Anniel's deepened breathing when she finally dozed off again lulled him. Before long, his eyes drifted closed and sleep finally claimed him too.

He knew it was a dream, still he moved forward in the darkened cave. Wavering light ahead beckoned him.

At the end of the rocky tunnel was a large, cathedral-like chamber. His attention was immediately engaged with the presence of a devil with satiny jet-black skin. The creature sat tall upon a large boulder, his tail and wings twitching nervously as his big, golden, catlike eyes regarded Ashriel. When Ashriel reached for his divine sword, the devil lifted his hand and pointed off to the side. Moving his gaze to where the creature gestured, he saw a large ornately framed mirror. Only it really wasn't a mirror. It was the portal to the realm of shadows...and Davariel stood just on the other side of the glass, his hands smoothing over it as if looking for a way out.

Looking back at the boulder, Ashriel discovered the devil had vanished, so he approached the portal with Dava carefully.

Davariel noticed him and smiled.

"Ashriel, help me."

Ashriel scoffed. "Help you?"

Davariel placed both palms on the glass and nodded. "I can't find a way out of here. I need to help my sons."

Ashriel approached the mirror, clutching his sword tight. He would bash the portal to bits. The angel of destruction could never be unleashed upon their realm again.

When he stood before the portal, Luciel stepped up next to Davariel. Her ice-blue eyes stared intently at him, making something within him quiver. Lucien looked just like his mother. He had her eyes, her sweet mouth, but his hair...his hair was like his father's.

Ashriel's eyes went back to Davariel who looked at him expectantly. Wings opened behind his back. To Ashriel's utter shock, they were black. He had his reapers wings again.

Davariel suddenly reached through the glass, grabbing Ashriel's forearm.

"Wake up, Ash. We need to go."

Ashriel wrenched his arm away, bringing up his sword, but Dava's other hand gripped that arm also.

"What the hell is wrong with you?"

Ashriel blinked as Davariel's face transformed into Remien Fyre's.

"Come-on, dude. Let's get moving," the red weredragon snapped finally erasing all traces of the dream from Ashriel's now alert mind.

Blue-white light suffused the media room, making it hard to see anything else around him.

"Anniel," Ashriel said rushing to his feet when he realized she was no longer next to him.

"Already on the other side waiting for you," Zachariel informed from the end of the long tunnel of light. His voice echoed eerily.

Ashriel stumbled a bit, making Remien grip his forearm. They both rushed through the tunnel followed by Eriel and Natanael.

Alpha 7 appeared at the end of the tunnel, as well as Devon.

Ashriel stopped short and stared at him. It was the same face. Davariel's face, but with inky straight black hair, like Luciel's.

***

Anniel frowned.

Ashriel stared at Devon as if seeing him for the first time.

"Ash, baby?" She touched his arm and he flinched.

Lowering his bright grey eyes to her, he placed his hand over hers reassuringly. "Why didn't you wake me?"

She felt her face grow hot as she smiled sheepishly. "I had just gotten up to use the hygiene room when Zak intercepted me."

Remembering her original destination reminded her she still hadn't relieved the annoying urge to pee. As her belly grew bigger, she felt the answering consequences in her bladder.

"Swept her right off her feet," Zak chuckled wrapping a big muscular arm around her.

When his palm spread lovingly over her rounded belly, Ashriel's eyes narrowed. Anniel noticed right away when his jaw tightened, making her frown. He was, by far, too jealous, and she knew this would be a big problem between them. She didn't want to be separated from the others because of his insecurities, because that's what they were to Anniel. Why couldn't he understand?

"Well, I see things have progressed quite nicely between you two," Remien said with a smug grin on his face. He crossed his arms over his chest expectantly standing between her and Ash.

Anniel sighed, knowing what he was getting at. She'd been so angry with him when he'd tricked her and Ash into drinking Liquid X that she'd stopped talking to him for a few moon cycles. Looking down at her belly, she wondered what would have happened if he'd never played matchmaker between them. Her baby wouldn't be wiggling in her tummy right now, and Cyneolle...

"Where's my son?" she gasped in alarm.

Devon grinned. "He's up in his quarters on our level. We had to assign him another room because we weren't sure you'd approve of undoing his nursery."

Anniel hadn't touched a thing in his room since he'd disappeared...or since she'd reawakened from her three hundred year suspended animation.

"Go to him, my love," Ashriel said taking her in his arms for a light kiss on her lips. "Spend a little time with him. I know you want to."

"What about you?" It wasn't lost on her how Natanael hovered close by. He'd been stalking Ashriel since they were in Garethiel's condo. She shot him a puzzled frown over her shoulder.

"I need to talk to Natanael, but I'll go to your quarters in a few hours to freshen up afterwards."

"Will you let me know?" She grinned up at him, wanting more than anything to be able to strip down and share a cylinder with him. Getting clean had never been so much fun before. Maybe they could fill the sunken tub in her hygiene room. A nice hot bubble bath with him would be fantastic. She could already imagine how hot he'd look all naked and soapy and horny, black wings sparkling with bubbles.

A shiver went through Anniel.

"I will summon you before I use the hygiene unit," Ashriel promised with a knowing smile

Anniel's grin grew wider. She was already growing used to his beautiful smiles and was glad he showed them more often now.

*** 

Remien Fyre decided to accompany them. Ashriel didn't care. The red weredragon insisted they check in on the babies first, so Ashriel followed him into his rooms.

The twins slept fitfully in their bassinets. Ashriel stared in awe at the tiny red-haired boys. They looked almost normal, except they had their father's outrageous hair color.

"Aren't they cute?" Remi grinned proudly.

"Very," Natanael agreed grinning also.

"Alluna gave birth just this morning, but Zak doesn't want anyone in there yet until they're sure the girls are okay."

Ashriel frowned at Remi. "Were they born sick?"

Remi shook his head. "No. They're perfectly healthy, but they've got powers. Amadashiel stepped in there to see them and they lit her wings on fire."

Ashriel gaped and Natanael choked.

Remien shrugged. "Guess they didn't like her or something."

"Is Amadashiel okay?"

"Sure. She was just scared shitless, if you know what I mean."

Ashriel looked back down at the baby boys. "Are they dragon or vampire?"

"Dragon," Remien answered proudly. "Any babies I sire will be most definitely dragon."

"So why does the Vildminorian council hunt you and your offspring?" Natanael asked.

Remien scowled, his lip piercings glinting in the soft glow of the nursery lights. "Because they're assholes."

"What are their names?" Natanael questioned looking at the babies once again.

"Kaden and Kylen." Remi's grin grew. "Kade and Ky.for short."

Ashriel nodded. "Sacred names. Good choice. Hopefully they will honor them."

Remi looked down with pride at his offspring. "Oh, they'll honor them alright. My boys are special. Just wait and see."

Having seen the red weredragon's offspring, Ashriel now wanted to get moving. He needed to confront Natanael about what was on the damned vid-crystal, but he didn't want to do it near the innocent sleeping infants, just in case he needed to beat the shit out of Natanael.

They exited Remien's quarters and strode past Anniel's rooms to the end of the hall. A few of the reapers were there playing a holographic video game off to one side of the large room. The other side of the room had an array of power guitars hanging on the wall over comfortable looking couches. Ashriel recognized most of them from the concerts he'd seen Zachariel perform in with Draconius Imorteus. There was even a holopic on one wall of one such performance on a silent loop. Zak, playing one of his power guitars with amazing speed, his long blond hair blowing in the wind on stage with millions of lights going off behind him in a display of color. There was also a holopic of Rowie, dressed in an elaborate black gown, singing. It too was silent, but Ashriel knew all he had to do was step in front of either holopic and he'd be privy to a private performance.

Unfortunately, it wasn't the reason he'd wanted to come here.

Remien plopped himself on one of the couches and propped his boots on an ottoman.

Ashriel turned to Natanael and unsheathed his sword.

Ashriel saw Remien Fyre go tense and lower his feet. Natanael just stared at him, face impassive. The other reapers stopped their play to watch them.

Ashriel gripped his sword by the blade, carefully, and pried the vid-crystal from the hilt.

Natanael's face paled.

"Ash, please...don't..."

Ashriel raised one brow. "Why not?"

Natanael gulped. "It's just an old vid. Toss it, man. You're happy now."

Natanael's words only intrigued him more.

"What's on this, Natanael?"

The reaper's lip pressed together, his eyes flashing in anger, but he did not answer.

"Tell me, Natanael," Ashriel insisted shaking the crystal in his face.

"I want nothing to do with this, Ashriel. If you want to look at it, go ahead. But don't say I didn't warn you."

Just then, Eriel, Abdiel, and Reiven came in. They halted, looking from Ashriel to Natanael as if sensing the tension.

Ashriel whirled and stalked to the holographic vid projector. Slamming the crystal into the unit, he commanded it to play.

The enviro-level appeared, its lush foliage a splash of vibrant color. Sobbing drew his attention and the sight of Anniel running through the thick forest had his heart almost stopping. Lucien ran after her.

Ashriel's palms began to sweat. Anniel was very pregnant with Gareth.

Behind him, Ashriel heard Remien Fyre slowly murmur, "Oopsie."

Ashriel's eyes remained fixed on the images projected by the crystal vid.

Lucien caught up to Anniel and grabbed her arm, turning her to face him.

"I can't take it anymore," she cried.

"Shhh, it's okay, baby."

Ashriel winced. He called her baby too?

"No," Anniel exclaimed hysterically. She gripped Lucien, her fingers digging into his shoulders, her body almost wrapping around his. "It's too much. I can't take it."

"Maybe you need the machine a little longer." He held her tight, his hands roving her lush curves. He closed his eyes. Lucien looked shaken.

Anniel let out a long anguished howl. It made Ashriel feel desperate, his heart pound at her obvious suffering. He began to pant and moved to turn the damn vid off, but Lucien's body began to glow with power.

Ashriel's feathers ruffled in agitation when their clothes disappeared. He snarled in rage when Lucien took his Anniel down to the ground. Anniel turned over with a snarl and Lucien gripped the back of her neck with one hand and snarled back. Anniel went still, panting.

"I'll relieve you myself, baby. Let me," he said in a low growling voice.

Anniel tilted her bare ass up with a whimper, and Ashriel stared horrified as Lucien proceeded to mount her.

"Fuck, Annie. I love you so. Tell me you love me too."

Ashriel roared, insane with rage. He sent his sword through the vid-crystal replicator making fire and sparks shoot everywhere. Turning to wrap his hands around Natanael's neck, he encountered Remien instead.

"I know that looks bad, Ash, but just calm down and let me explain," the idiot had the nerve to say in the face of Ashriel's wrath.

Everything happened in slow motion. Ashriel launched himself at the offensive Alpha Angel, taking him to the couch. He gripped Remien's head and stared into his eyes.

Where?—he thought into his mind—Where is he? I demand you show me where the dark prince is.

Remien Fyre resisted, but ultimately, Ashriel felt his mind open up and he rushed in. He saw Megdoluc clearly. The portal was near the center of the frozen whirlpool. Through it was a maze of tunnels, tunnels that led deep into the heart of the planet and ended up in the large chamber he'd dreamt about. Lucien sat on a boulder. The same boulder the black skinned devil had occupied. Before him was the portal to the realm of shadows, and guarding the portal were...Dominatios.
