 Greetings again everyone. First things first thank you all for your wonderful feedback, it was greatly appreciated. I hope you all enjoy this next installment as well. As with many stories this series will span multiple types of sex and could fit into several categories. Because it is set in a futuristic world however the chapters will all be posted here (or such is my plan anyway). Those who have read my first three chapters know that there is already a strong D/s leaning in the relationship sexually. I know some of you have expressed concern about that and how it will impact the relationship between them. All I can say is please trust me on this. There is a story and a direction to these submissions, and while all parts won't please everyone I believe the end result will be satisfying for all

Secondly I want to advise you all that this chapter is a bit shorter than my last submission and a little light on the action side of things. This particular chapter is all about backstory for Erillia and setting the stage for upcoming chapters. I had time to crank this one out during break, so I have done so and am leaving it at the logical stopping place in the tale. Future chapters will likely come in pairs or more and will take me longer to get out as school ramps back up. I have also found an editor and am extremely greatful for all the help with this work. Anja I cannot thank you enough for taking on this project. That being said there is one thing I need to add, and that is a caveat for this chapter.

Normally I would like my readers to be surprised by what I post, and to discover things for themselves. However I feel I would be remiss if I did not issue this warning. This particular chapter contains a scene with Erillia reliving her rape. It is not the only sex in this chapter, but it does dominate the first third of the chapter. If you are not into nonconsent I hope this does not offend you. It is part of the character's story, and I feel it is needed to expand the character development. If you are so offended by such writing as to be adamant in not reading it I suggest skipping the first two pages. The scene is over by page 3, and in fact, ends part way through page 2 for those looking to skip it. However should you do so, be aware that you are missing plot and character development and that some incidents that occur will be referenced later

Again thank you for your feedback, and I hope you enjoy chapter 4. 

Sincerely ~ Dark Terra 

==========================

Chapter 4 

Erillia stirred and grumbled as she readjusted and tried to go back to sleep. She'd been having a wonderful dream, and she wasn't ready to give it up and rejoin the waking world. She'd dreamt of feeling safe, of being somewhere she belonged. She wasn't sure where it was, but the warmth of the feeling left her feeling raw as she started to waken. So, despite that fact that she knew she'd slept far longer than she was accustomed to, she fought to return to that dream. Only the bloody cat kept licking her, nuzzling about between her legs.

Her eyes flew open suddenly as she remembered one very important fact. She didn't have a cat at all, and certainly didn't have one here at her cabin. Starting up she found she was quickly stopped by a pair of handcuffs that were looped around the rail of her headboard. Her forward momentum arrested she flopped back on the bed, and glanced in horror at the shock of black hair just barely visible between her legs. Then the head moved and a face she tried to banish from her mind rose before her.

"You thought you could get away from me did you," she heard him say in that lush tenor that had once made her weak in the knees. Memories flooded through her, and her adrenaline kicked in full force as he rose above her. This couldn't be happening. Not now. Not after all these years. How was he still alive! Those brown eyes that had haunted her nightmares for so long laughed at her now out of his narrow face. His features were slight, almost effeminate, and his pointed chin and thin lips did little to change that image. For the life of her, she couldn't remember now why he had been considered so handsome. 

His chest and torso covered her as he moved up and placed a swift kiss on her forehead. When he moved back however he made the mistake of allowing enough space between their bodies for her to get a leg free. She brought what force she could muster to bare, and felt her shin make solid contact with his balls. He grimaced, and let out a shout of indignation and pain as he reared back away from the offending leg. Though in doing so he gave her enough room to switch targets, and she capitalized with a vengeance.

He was still moaning from the first blow when her foot connected with his chest, cracking ribs and driving the air from him in a wheezing rush. The force of the kick was enough to throw him backwards, and she was grimly pleased to see him stumble and crack his head into the wall. To be honest she expected him to go down from the blow, but he righted himself far too quickly for her taste. Shaking his head to clear the cobwebs he advanced on her again.

"What the bloody hell do you think you're playing at Erillia," He snarled as he reached for her again. She could feel the blood pounding in her temples, and knew she was practically hyperventilating at this point. The smart thing to do would be to calm herself down and approach the situation through tactics, but there was something about the sneer on his face that sent shivers down her spine. He deflected another kick aimed for his ribs, and frowned at her. While he held her one foot prisoner she twisted for all she was worth and brought her free leg crashing into his skull.

Pain shot through her foot. It was so intense she couldn't stifle a yelp and squeezed her eyes shut, quickly biting her lip to stop any further outbursts. She soon realized that it was a wasted effort. By the time she had refocused her vision he had dropped her leg and was swaying drunkenly as he reached for the bed. She snapped another kick off directly to his face, and was rewarded with the sight of blood streaming from his nose as he collapsed backwards groaning.

"Fuck you Leo, you sorry bastard!" she shouted. "One tied up girl too much for you?" He only groaned in response. "That's right. I'm not drugged and clueless this time. This time you're going to have to fight me." She tugged furiously at the cuffs, but she had made this bed. The wood was strong and in good condition, giving her little hope that she'd be able to break free easily. She glanced frantically around, expecting to see others coming to her attacker's aid.

"Where are your buddies you lip dick mother fucker?" she hissed as she struggled with the cuffs. "I thought you got off on watching more than you did on actually fucking me. Who'd you get this time? I bet it was hard to find people willing to play with you after your last party ended up with all your friends dead. So how did you survive, huh? Tell me how, you fucking asshole! I know I shot you. You should be fucking dead right now."

Her eyes frantically roved the cabin, expecting to see someone rush in any second to help Leo. She wasn't sure she could take whoever he'd brought with him, but she'd be damned if she was just going to lay there and be raped a second time. If she could just get the right angle she could twist around and use her feet to kick through the board. The moans from the floor had died down though, so she was running out of time. She rolled up over her shoulder, frantically trying to kick the rail that the cuffs were looped around.

"Erillia, close your eyes!" His voice thundered out from the floor. She gasped as that voice washed over her, and to her consternation she relaxed slightly and her eyes slid shut. "Good girl." A thrill shot through her at the endearment, and something about the situation tickled in the back of her mind. This was wrong. She would never roll over and listen to Leo's orders. Even before they were married she had been too strong willed and independent for his tastes, and he'd told her as much with glee as his friends raped her. 

So why now was her body taut as her bowstring; waiting to see what he'd ask of her next? Why was she laying here with her eyes closed when she should be trying to escape? Had he drugged her? Was that why she was so willing to obey his order? She was running out of time to figure this out. She could fight her instinct to do what he asked her, but even a moment's hesitation could be fatal here. She was going to have to completely shake off her urge to listen to his commands, but for some reason the idea of doing so didn't sit well with her. There was a groan from the floor, and she heard him lever himself up. She shivered and her eyes started to crack open, knowing she'd wasted an opportunity to escape.

"Don't!" His voice washed over her again, and her eyes snapped back closed. "I am sorry little one. I'm not sure what happened, but I need you to just relax and listen to my voice." She shuddered as he spoke. There was something off about this. Leo didn't talk like that, and he had never apologized to her in his life. "Shhhhh little one, just breath. It's me, Ren. Keep your eyes closed, and just listen to the sound of my voice. Work your way back. Remember Bicormish. Remember how we had to get out of the city." 

At the mention of Bicormish's name images and memories flooded back through her. Nathan Bicormish, steel mogul and her first high profile assassination contract, but what did that have to do with now. She replayed the job. The failed first attempt, and then her brazen attack behind the police line. That's right. Someone had interfered, and then... She gasped as memory flooded back. Ren had stopped her first attack, and then knocked her out and hauled her off to his safe house. Only to drag her along with him on a mad plan to escape over the wall.

It was mad, except... They'd made it! They'd gotten over the wall, and then evaded the police search despite her damn near breaking her ankle. And then... then she'd made a bet with him, just as he'd made a bet with her while they hid in the sewers waiting for nightfall. She'd bet him he couldn't catch her before she reached the cabin, and she'd offered herself up as the prize. He had caught her, and her body twitched as her pussy spasmed remembering just how thorough he'd been in claiming his prize. She was his for the next month, and she had looked forward to every second of it yesterday. A slight sob escaped her lips as the last of the pieces clicked into place.

"Oh god Ren..." She broke off with a choked cry, as she started to shake and the tears fell freely from her eyes.

"Shhh little one," he murmured. "It's ok. There's no permanent damage done. I'm going to let your hands free now though, are you back with me?" She nodded, not trusting herself to open her eyes yet. She felt him lean over her, and after a second her hands came free. She rubbed her wrists reflexively as she fought to calm down.

It was Ren here with her, not Leo. She had to remember that, because if she didn't... Well the consequences of her freaking out again didn't really bear thinking about. Slowly she opened her eyes, and glanced around. The sheets on the bed were in disarray, but surprisingly nothing else gave away that there had been a vicious struggle in here moments ago. Then she glanced at the floor. The rug she had gone to such lengths to procure was kicked off to the side of the room.

Her first reaction was anger that her prized possession in the cabin had been tossed around like that, but a second later she noticed the blood. She remembered kicking Leo in the face, and seeing his nose began to bleed. Not Leo, she shook her head to clear the image. It wasn't Leo here with her, it was Ren. Oh god... that meant it was Ren's blood. She'd done those things to him. She shuddered and a sob was wrenched from her. God, how could she have been so stupid.

Her eyes rose from the floor, tracing up his body to rest on his face. Those green eyes captured her like they had before. They pulled her into them like they had their own gravitational field, one which she had yet to be able to escape. He smiled at her, and she nearly lost it. Those full lips, and square chin set into his rugged and weathered face bore no resemblance to Leo. The only part of him that at all correlated was his black hair. She opened her mouth to apologize again, not that she really knew how one apologized for beating the tar out of a lover you just invited into your bed a few days ago. 

Before she could get a word out he pressed a finger to her lips. She repressed a shudder as she remembered the last time he'd held his fingers to her mouth, dripping with her juices, and how she'd sucked them clean. God what was wrong with her! How could she not remember that it was Ren in her bed and not Leo?

"Stop beating yourself up over this little one. It happened, and I learned a valuable lesson. I should have been more cautious waking you up like that. You are, after all, one of the best assassins in Terra, and the only one that has ever bested me." His dark bass tones rumbled through the room. She licked her lips, which had gone as dry as a bone, and sat up.

"Where's my bow?" She asked softly, scanning the room for her weapons. She'd assumed it was in the other room, but then he swore under his breath. "What did you do with it?" she asked alarmed, starting to feel panic setting back in. That bow was more to her than just a weapon. She didn't think she could adequately explain just how much it meant to her, but the thought of it being lost had her ready to climb the walls. He glanced at her, seeing her control balanced on the razor's edge and swore softly again.

"Easy Erillia, it's not lost." She relaxed slightly at his reassurance, but remained keyed up as he retrieved his clothes from the far side of the room. "With what happened after I caught you I wasn't exactly thinking clearly. I scooped you up and brought you in here after we were done and you passed out, but I forgot about your bow completely. It's been outside overnight, which to someone like you I'm sure is a cardinal sin." He was right. Her terror over the loss of her weapons turned to righteous anger in an instant.

"You left my bow outside! In the fucking grass!" she screamed with a force and pitch even she didn't know she was capable of. He grimaced, but merely nodded his head as he began pulling on his shoes. "What the fuck were you thinking?" she bellowed at him. He didn't answer right away. Instead he finished securing his boots before turning to face her.

"I was thinking," he said in a husky voice, "that I had the most beautiful woman in the world in my arms. I was thinking how I couldn't believe that I had a whole month to enjoy you, in every way you can possibly imagine. I carried you in here with my cum still leaking from you, and the second I went to put you down you started squirming. You didn't settle down until I lay down with you." She bit back a moan as his words washed over her, igniting a sudden heat in her that disconcerted her.

"I'm afraid I probably did not have the proper amount of blood flow to my brain at the time little one," he murmured, holding her gaze with his. "I am sorry, but all I can say truthfully is that your weaponry was the last thing on my mind when I brought you in here." She swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat as he continued to hold her gaze.

"Clothes!" she rasped. He cocked an eyebrow at her and a small smile played across his face.

"I'm afraid I was... a bit hard on your clothes. I can get them for you, but I am relatively certain they are beyond saving," he chuckled. She frowned for a moment, before remembering he had cut her clothes from her yesterday. Right before he had spanked her, and then fucked her until she'd practically passed out. She felt heat rush to her face as she blushed at the memories, but pointed to a chest against the far wall. 

"I keep a few spares here. Accidents happen while hunting. You're not the first animal to cost me a set of clothes" She wanted to groan the moment she said it. The quip was so childish, but it was out before she could stop herself. His eyes widened and she wanted to vanish from sight, but then he burst out laughing. She leveled her most withering glare his direction, but he was doubled over laughing so hard he was wheezing for breath.

The laughter was infections. Deep, rich, and smooth, and as it rolled over her she felt some of her tension began to slip away. A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth, and had he kept laughing she had little doubt she would soon have joined him. He regained his composure though and quickly rifling through the chest, he tossed her a pair of pants and a shirt. She muttered curses to herself about not stashing a few bras and panties as well, but until now it had never occurred to her that she might need extras. She'd never encountered a situation where more than her exterior clothes were damaged, so commando it was.

She ignored the moisture that had begun to collect in her pussy at the memories of yesterday, and his description of carrying her to bed, and pulled on her pants. When she straightened up he was gone from the room, but before she finished pulling her shirt on he reappeared with her bow and quiver in hand. She reached out and took them from his grasp. Moving to the chest she drew out a cloth and oil that she always kept there. Almost mechanically she took the bow apart and began cleaning the pieces.

He sat near her, but didn't offer conversation as she went about her task. She had been worried about the string more than anything, but the titanium weave resisted the moisture and dirt as well as the rest of her bow did. One of the biggest draws with using steel for her bow was that it was relatively impervious to the elements. Unlike a wooden bow she had less fluctuation in performance with steel, and with the new string there would be even fewer issues. She could probably take a shot in near 100% humidity and have no change over a day with almost no humidity. Finally she put the parts aside for a moment, and breathed out a sigh.

"Ren, we need to talk about this morning."

"No we don't." She glared at him but he held up a hand and continued. "If you want to talk about what happened then I will be glad to, but I'm not going to force you to. I can hazard a guess as to what happened, and that's good enough for me at the moment." She eyed him, as she considered her options.

"Are you planning on leaving soon?" She asked softly. He rocked back on his heels and crossed his arms over his chest as he pondered her question. Finally he blew out a breath and his shoulders sagged down a bit as he ran his hand over his face and through his hair.

"Do you want me out of here Erillia? Is this your way of telling me that?" She opened her mouth to deny that, but snapped it closed as she considered the question. Did she want him out? Her life was so much simpler when she was on her own. She wasn't used to considering someone else's needs and desires. Not to mention she was an assassin, and having ties to people was a liability she could ill afford. By all rights she should have told him yes in an instant. It had been fun, and they had scratched each other's itch, an itch she would have sworn she didn't even have, but now it was time to move on.

So if everything logical said she should want him gone, why did she hesitate? More importantly why was her first instinct to do everything she could to keep him with her, even if just for a little while longer. She couldn't explain it, but everything in her screamed that she needed him. Maybe it was just lust and would run its course, but right now she wasn't ready to be done with Ren. If she did the smart thing and let him walk away now she'd just be distracted and end up trying to track him back down. Assuming of course that her preoccupation with that didn't wind up getting her killed first.
