 ~*~Prologue: Thieves' Valley~*~

High in the stony mountains that bordered the Dark Ocean was a foreboding castle that nestled between two jagged peaks called the Twin Daggers. The peaks were called as such because they pierced into the sky rather than rose gently, and because the men who had discovered them thousands of years in the past had not been very creative. What the men had been were two criminals that had finally fled as far from the King's wrath as they could and figured that the unforgiving valley between the Twin Daggers would make a good place to fight their pursuers and hopefully not die. But when the King's men had finally caught up with the two criminals, they had fired flaming arrows into the valley relentlessly for hours until both men were nothing but charred corpses. 

The leader of these vengeful men had been a prudent one, and knew that Thieves' Valley, as it would later be called, could be a strategic point of power to secure his King's conquest of the continent. He had lost many men riding through the Elfish lands to the east in pursuit of the criminals, and having a base from which to gather strength and wage a two-front attack on the Elves was very appealing. 

So the leader, who's name was Kane, sent half of his men back to inform the King of his discovery while sending the other half west to find a good port if there was one to be found. When the King sent more men, and Kane knew he would, it would have to be by sea. Marching an army through the Elfish lands would have been suicide. 

And so men had come, and a castle was built in Thieves' Valley and then a town around it. When the King of Men launched his campaign against the Elves, he did so from the east and from the west simultaneously, pushing the Elves south until he had them backed against the Summer Ocean. There they had surrendered and swore their fealty to the King. 

Uneasy peace lasted for almost a century, until families of men began fighting amongst themselves, as men will do, and the Elves were able to win back their land during the confusion, pushing the humans east and west until they were backed against the Dark Ocean in the west and the Gold Ocean in the east. 

Once again the Elves held sway over the middle of the continent, and the men began to unite in their hatred of the immortal race - at least in the east. Western men were too busy fighting Goblins and Dwarves, who had taken their eons-long war above ground and into the mountains the men had thought was theirs. Over the next century, these men retreated further and further into the mountain range to avoid the Dwarvish battles, their towns and holdfasts swallowed up by destruction as they ran. 

Now, only the town of Thieves' Valley and the formidable castle in its center remained to the men of the west. The tall walls that had ben built to shelter the valley were forever closed and the people of Thieves' Valley scraped a meager living growing what they could in the hard mountain soil and tending flocks of hardy goats that provided them with meat and dairy. Winters were brutal, and summers brought little relief when the ice began to melt and the mudslides came crashing down from the Twin Daggers onto the town. 

The castle that Kane and his men had built centuries ago now stood cold and abandoned in the center of the town. No lord had occupied the crumbling building for over fifty years - the last had been rooted out and hung by the townspeople when he had suggested that they try to fight the Dwarves and Goblins that had plagued them for all those years and try to win back the mountains for mankind. 

A small council that met once a month to do little but drink and tell stories ran the town now. There was not much governing to do after all - Thieves' Valley was a poor and peaceful place despite its name and everything seemed to run just right all on its own. Trouble rarely found its way inside the walls. But sometimes it did, and this is where Elaine's story begins. 

*****

~*~Chapter One: The Dark Elf~*~

Night had fallen in Thieves' Valley and Elaine slipped silent through the streets of the town. Her destination was the long-abandoned castle in its center. What waited for her there, she did not know, but the weight of her father's dagger against her thigh reassured her that whatever trouble she ran into, she could get out of.

One week prior to her midnight run, Elaine had received a mysterious note that had said simply: 

"If you want to leave, meet at the castle in seven days." 

The handwriting had been neat, but not lavish and Elaine was almost sure it was a man's. It reminded her a lot of her father's handwriting. Her father had taught her to read and write before he had died, and Elaine was certain that she was one of the last in Thieves' Valley able to do so beside the old men of the Town Council. 

Because of this knowledge, the note had immediately roused her attention. Who had known that she wanted to leave Thieves' Landing since she had been old enough to know that there was a whole world outside the tall walls? And who had known where to find her? Elaine had moved from job to job since her father's death and was currently working as a shepherd for an old blind farmer near the north wall. Those who knew that were limited to the blind farmer and his sheep. So how had she been found? 

Coming to a stop before the entrance to the castle's overgrown courtyard, Elaine pulled her dark cloak tight around her body and shivered in the cool night air. It was spring at last, and the weather was much fairer than it had been just a few weeks earlier. But Elaine had grown up hearing about the violent ghosts that roamed the halls of the castle and there memory sent a shiver down her spine. Just over twenty years old, Elaine had never seen the building occupied and it was more legend than anything to her generation. No one ever dared enter lest the vengeful spirit of the last lord hung you from his rafters like the townsfolk had done to him so many years before...

Taking a deep breath to dispel the childish fears, Elaine stepped into the courtyard and moved quickly toward the gaping hole in the east wall that had once been the main entrance. It was dark inside, but Elaine's father had taught her a number of useful cantrips right before his death, and her hand glowed with a soft, blue light as she moved through the wide foyer, deeper into the castle. 

"What are you doing, girl?" she whispered to herself as she moved slowly toward the crumbling grand staircase in front of her. 

What WAS she doing? Meeting a stranger in the middle of the night in a haunted castle with nothing to go off of but a note was incredibly reckless. Was Elaine's desire to escape the dreary town that intense?

Perhaps it was - she had nothing to stay for since her father's passing. Her mother had been some mystery woman her father had met during his travels. He never spoke of her and Elaine had learned not to ask him to. There was deep pain in the memories of her mother, and Elaine loved her father too much to inflict it needlessly. 

Elaine was ascending the staircase to the second floor landing when a deep, hushed voice called out. 

"Who's there?" it said, seeming to come from all directions. Elaine froze mid step. 

"E-Elaine," she stammered weakly. Her voice felt frozen in her throat, and she chastised herself for acting like a frightened child while at the same time she gripped the hilt of her dagger with tight, white knuckles. 

"Daughter of George?" the voice spoke again. Elaine wished she could tell where it was coming from, but it could have been anywhere and nowhere. 

"Yes," Elaine nodded, forcing her own voice to stay steady, "How did you -?" 

She was cut off by the voice, "Come to the top of the steps and I will meet you there." 

Something in the air changed and Elaine knew that if she responded to the voice, its owner would not hear. It was a simple spell, and she felt foolish that she had not realized that was what it was to begin with. 

Climbing the rest of the stairs, she waited anxiously for the stranger to appear, her hand never leaving her dagger's hilt. 

"You have nothing to fear, Elaine," a familiar voice, this time distinctly emanating from her left, said, "Your father and I were old friends." 

Elaine turned and gasped as a tall, thin figure strode out of the shadows and into a ray of moonlight that was streaming through a large crack in the ceiling. Hair as black as ink was tied neatly behind his head that contrasted sharply with the pale white skin of his face. The ears his hair was tied behind were long and pointed. Most shocking of all, however, were the blood red irises that glittered in the moonlight as the stranger regarded Elaine from where he stood. 

"Who...what...are you?" Elaine asked, and immediately regretted how rude it sounded. The stranger might have been intimidating, but her father had taught her better than that. 

The stranger's expression remained unchanged as he bowed shallowly and said, "My name is Zinfer. I am a Dark Elf." 

Elaine's mouth gaped as she stared openly and a rush of questions spilled forth, "And Elf? In Thieves' Valley? Why? How?" 

"I'm afraid there is no time to explain all that right now," Zinfer responded, taking another step forward, "If we are to leave, we must do so tonight. Time is of importance." 

"Forgive me if I'm a little hesitant about just running away with a total stranger in the middle of the night," Elaine said with intended sarcasm, "But I'm going to need a little more information first. You can understand?" Everything was happening too fast. Just over one minute ago, Elaine had never even seen an Elf and now one was asking her to just run away with him? Was this a crazy dream? Perhaps she had had too much to drink before bed...

Zinfer's face remained neutral, "As soon as news of your father's death reached me, I came as soon as I could. Your mother and father were very dear to me, Elaine, and I made George a promise long ago that I vowed never to break." 

"My father died over three years ago," Elaine pointed out, "Why are you just hearing of it now?" 

"News travels slow as sap out of these walls," Zinfer said sourly, "Had I even known he was sick..." 

"What promise?" Elaine interrupted. The less they spoke of her father's illness, the better. 

Zinfer frowned, "I cannot tell you yet but," he reached for a hidden pocket inside his cloak, which was as black as his hair, and pulled out an old and tarnished piece of paper, "He left me this as proof of our friendship." 

Elaine took the paper and read it, tears brimming by the time she reached the signature at the bottom that was undoubtedly her father's. "He wrote this?" she asked, wiping the moisture from her eyes. It had been a poem - a short one, but the words were as sweet and sincere as if her father had spoken to her directly from the page. It was more than enough proof of her father's and Zinfer's friendship. He did not hand out his work to just anyone. George had always been modest of his gift for words, and even Elaine had to goad him into sharing his creations with her. 

Zinfer bowed his head, "Your father was always writing songs and poems during his time with our people. He said that this was best work. And that you were his greatest inspiration." 

Elaine tried to hand the paper back to the Elf, but Zinfer shook his head, "It was always meant for you, Elaine - keep it. But the time for sentiment is over. We must leave now. Have I offered you enough proof of my sincerity yet?" 

After a brief moment's hesitation, Elaine nodded. Zinfer was a bit terse in character, but sounded sincere in his intentions. Elaine wanted to make sure that he kept whatever promise he had made to her father. It was the least she could do for the only man who had ever loved her like she deserved. 

"This way," Zinfer instructed, turning from Elaine to go back the way he had come. 

"Wait," Elaine said impatiently, "What about my stuff? " 

"We do not have time," Zinfer said again, "I have procured proper traveling attire and supplies for both of us. They are waiting outside the town. Now come." 

The Elf proceeded to lead the way without another word on the matter, and Elaine was forced to follow or be left behind in the dark. 

Soon they were winding through narrow tunnels and down ramps and staircases. This went on in silence for what seemed like hours and Elaine was sure that at one point they had crossed underground. Once or twice Elaine tried to ask Zinfer where they were, but the Elf had never responded, and appeared to be concentrating on leading them down the correct path. The passages branched often, and Elaine soon came to realize that they must have made a complex system right beneath Thieves' Valley, unknown to any of the residents. Gods forbid any Goblins discovered it. If the tunnels led out of the town's walls, as Elaine suspected very much they did, they would also lead inside them and that would make invasion of man's last stronghold in the west very easy indeed...

Zinfer came to a complete stop suddenly and Elaine almost ran into his back. The blue light still coming from Elaine's hand revealed that they had reached the end of a tunnel. Huge boulders blocked their passage and there had not been a split in the path for a very long time. 

"Where do we go now?" Elaine asked, suddenly feeling very claustrophobic. 

"Up," Zinfer said simply and turned to his right, "Follow me. The darker stones are footholds." 

And with that the Elf was scaling the twenty-foot wall of the tunnel with limber ease while Elaine watched in awe. And as she watched, Zinfer disappeared and she was suddenly alone. 

"Come," he called from somewhere above, "The climb is not hard. You can do it." 

Spotting the darker stones of the wall, which jutted out a little further than the lighter ones, Elaine began to slowly ascend. Zinfer had been right, the climb was surprisingly easy, and Elaine hoisted herself up when she had reached a ledge through a narrow hole in the ceiling of the tunnel. She emerged inside a cave and faint moonlight could be seen coming through a small entrance about thirty feet away. 

Zinfer was waiting for her and two packs leaned against one of the cave's walls. 

"You have to change," the Elf said and held out a bundle of dark cloth for Elaine. 

She looked down at her attire and had to agree with Zinfer. She wore shepherding clothes - a thick brown skit and white blouse, both wool, and a dirty old cloak above a pair of used boots that had almost no sole. They were no traveling clothes, not like the dark tunic and tight breeches that Zinfer wore beneath his own cloak. 

Elaine separated the bundle and found that the clothing was almost exactly like Zinfer's aside from the extra support and padding in the tunic's chest. She had removed her cloak and belt and was about to pull her blouse over her head when Elaine realized the Elf had not turned away from her and was waiting patiently for her to finish. 

"Excuse me?" Elaine said with a frown, "Do you mind?" 

"Mind what?" Zinfer asked with a cocked eyebrow. 

"Turning around?" 

"So as not to see you naked?" Zinfer asked, "Would that bother you?" 

Elaine blushed, "Of course it would! Have you ever heard of modesty where you are from?" 

Zinfer shrugged and turned his back, "It is not seen as inappropriate to view another naked, no," he explained as Elaine continued changing, "We Elves are a sensual race." 

"Right," Elaine said as she pulled up her breeches and fastened her belt around her hips. The clothes clung very tightly to her body, and Elaine felt exposed as Zinfer turned back around and eyed her openly. 

"You are a lovely woman," he observed, "You should not feel embarrassed if I admire you. It is a compliment." 

"Gods," Elaine blushed while she took a new pair of boots that Zinfer offered her, "Enough." All the men of Thieves' Valley were crude and Elaine had never wanted anything to do with them. There had been catcalls and comments plenty, but Elaine's father had taught her how to rise above such clumsy advances and eventually the whole town had given Elaine up as a spinster and left her alone. This was not ideal either, but to Elaine it beat the alternative. 

But when Zinfer spoke to her...called her lovely...she could not help but feel a pleasant fluttering in her belly. 

"Are you ready?" the Elf asked, shouldering his pack, "I would like to get as far from these lands as possible tonight. Goblins have been circling your walls for quite some time." 

"They have?" Elaine was startled, "Are they planning to attack...we can't..." 

Zinfer approached Elaine and placed a strong hand on her shoulder, looking her in the eyes, "Your town will be safe so long as they remain in their walls. The Goblins have no interest in what they refer to as 'the human pen'. It is simply a strategic spot to fight against the Dwarves." 

"Still..." Elaine was hesitant to leave the town to the Goblins' mercy. No matter how much she loathed living in Thieves' Valley, Goblins were vicious creatures that would inflict horrific atrocities on the town if they felt like it - and no one deserved that. 

"Thieves' Valley has held strong for centuries, Elaine," Zinfer pointed out, "It will not fall now." 

Grimacing, Elaine nodded and strapped on her own pack. It fit well and was surprisingly light for all the supplies in it. Elfish magic no doubt - she would have to ask Zinfer to teach her some new tricks. Cantrips were helpful, but Elaine had always thirsted for new knowledge and her father had died too soon after her training in magic. 

They set out from the cave together. Zinfer led them around rocks and cliffs as they moved first north, and then slowly turned eastward. Neither talked and Elaine jumped at every sound in the night, afraid that it would be a goblin, come to torture them before eating them alive. But Zinfer never reacted to the falling rocks and rare calls of birds as Elaine did and she felt silly for her actions after a while and began to look to the Elf for any signs of danger. 

Elaine watched as the full moon slowly made its way across the sky before fading as the sky in the east began to lighten and turn purple. They had been walking for hours and further than Elaine had ever traveled before and she was exhausted. Thankfully, he soon stopped on a wide ledge and announced that they could rest. 

Removing her pack, Elaine leant it against a boulder and collapsed onto the ground with a groan. Zinfer was more graceful, but ended up siting next to her and offering a piece of what looked like bread. 

"You did well," he said as Elaine took the food, "I know that was a hard night, but we are safer here than we were a few miles back." 

"You can say that again," Elaine groaned as she bit into the bread. It was sweeter than she expected, and she was half full after only two bites. 

"Sleep for a while," Zinfer said, "I'll keep watch." 

Elaine leaned her head back and closed her eyes, thinking that she would never get to sleep in this position. 

She awoke two hours later which her head resting against something firm and warm. It was like she was a girl again, and she had fallen asleep in her father's lap. Opening her eyes, Elaine was startled to see that she was lying on the ground with her head not in her father's, but Zinfer's lap. The Elf was staring straight ahead but looked down when he noticed Elaine was awake and said, "I was just about to wake you." 

Elaine sat up quickly and blushed crimson, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..." How had she even gotten into that position? 

"Don't be sorry," Zinfer interrupted, "In fact, that was rather pleasant. I only wanted to suggest that we start moving again." 
