 "So, let me get this straight. You have a girl that you were charged with protecting and you want us to babysit her?" Jeff asked looking at Tom with a raised brow.

"I suppose that's one way of saying it. She is experiencing a strong heat cycle and I have had to save her once already, so I fear that she will not be safe if she stays where she currently is." Tom was very matter of fact about this. He had swooped in to save Lizzie from an awkward situation already as she was grocery shopping and now it was imperative that she be kept safe. 

"Tom, why haven't you told us about this girl before? We didn't know you still had charges." Kerry asked him.

"Until now she was able to hide relatively easily; however, her heat cycles have become progressively problematic." Tom shook his head looking concerned.

"Okay, I'm just a little stuck on this heat cycle concept. What the hell does that mean?" Jeff held a hand up to interject as he spoke.

"I don't have time to explain all of this now. I have heard chatter that a demon is looking for her and I cannot watch her throughout her whole cycle this year. I understand this will be a burden, but there is no one else I trust. I can go there and protect her while you drive out." Tom was frustrated with them and didn't feel like explaining himself when he had helped them so much.

"We can go out and protect her from the demon, but I don't know about the bunker Tom. It's not really something we advertise. Plus, we haven't cleared bringing her here with Oz yet." Kerry chimed in offering help.

"What the hell, maybe we'll get a good meal out of this. You better give us the full story though, because we're not babysitters." Jeff put a finger in Tom's face as he spoke, only to have Tom disappear in front of him. Jeff and Kerry jumped into action, leaving the library where they were working before to get bags together and head out. It was a full two hours before they would reach this girl and they were hoping to make quick work of it before it got dark. 

The two of them weren't used to assignments like this, especially after having rotated into bunker duty almost a year before. They were set to be here for three years unless they were rotated out, which meant no direct cases just support and selective housing for Dark Division agents. 

Tomas, or Tom as they called him, was a friend of theirs from an old case they worked on. He was an angel, formerly a guardian angel for special beings. Now, he worked some overseer position in Heaven and only checked in with them on occasion. He was calling in a favor that they did not appreciate too much, particularly with the limited information he had provided thus far.

*************************

"Tomas, hey, thanks for coming back. I think I'm okay, though, you don't have to stay. I mean you've been here over two hours and nothing has happened yet." Lizzie smiled at him thankful her angel was always there when she needed him.

"Lizzie, you know I will always keep you safe. I don't think you appreciate the danger you are in right now." Tom walked to her making her look him directly in the eye. His face was grave as he spoke.

"What are talking about, it's no worse than it was last year. I just lay low and stay in my apartment as much as I can. Then, when the clock runs up I go back to life as normal. The supermarket thing was stupid I know. I just figured I had some time before it got strong, but I know better than to go out during the day when there are a lot of people around. I won't do it again if that's what you're worried about." Lizzie didn't want to be any more of a burden on Tomas than she already was. 

She really cared about him, and he had been charged with protecting her since she was 15. He had helped instructing her and explaining her situation, and he had been there to check in with her several times every year. He was always great, and every time she had a moment in her heat cycle where she freaked out or needed a break he came to her rescue taking her away for a little bit. He was always nice enough to make it somewhere beautiful so they could sit and chat too. Tom was like a big brother, and mostly immune to her heat although at times she wondered.

"I have heard some chatter this year Lizzie both demonic and from above that this is a critical time for you. So, I have enlisted the help of some friends to assure you are safe. I have some other important matters to tend to, so I cannot watch you all the time. I think it would be prudent for you to pack a bag for the next month and go stay with them." Tom held her hand, the concern on his face obvious.

"What? No, no way, I'll be fine here, don't worry about it Tom. What did you hear though? Is this like that weird demon that came after me a few years ago? I just led him down toward that agent's house and poof that was done."

"No, this is different. I believe that you will need to be away from the general public during this time. I.....I heard something. Stay here." Tomas disappeared instantly.

Lizzie heard a knock on the door and walked towards it to look outside. She knew it wasn't Tom because he never knocked like that. He usually just appeared in front of her; after all he would never catch anything happening. She had only dated a few people and he had known never to manifest with another person there. As for herself, well he had seen her naked many times and she never even thought twice about it.

She looked outside and seeing no one there, Lizzie opened the door to take a closer look. Immediately she was shoved backwards by large hands. A dark haired man stood in front of her a full foot taller than she was. Her breath caught as she looked up at him.

"Hey there pretty little girl, I've been looking for you all year. I knew I was close though when I started to smell you. What do you say you come with me and we make things easy on both of us?" He licked his lips sending a shiver down her spine.

"No way you creep, now get out of my apartment before I call the police." She tried to be forceful thinking this was just a regular guy and he needed to be convinced she wasn't interested.

"Aw, aren't you cute thinking you have a choice in this. You see my boss has big plans for you, so you're coming with me whether you like it or not." His eyes flashed completely black in front of her and she realized this was a demon.

"You don't want to mess with me buddy, I have an angel friend that is coming back any second and he'll smite your ass. Tell your boss to fuck off." She pumped herself up walking backwards trying to make it to her bedroom so she could lock herself inside.

"Oh, Tomas, he's a little busy right now with my friends. You know my boss said only he gets to fuck you, but he didn't say anything about getting a little taste." His tongue darted out as she backed up to get further away. She was freaking out and had no idea what to do without Tomas to help her out.

"No way asshole." Lizzie shoved hard at his chest before running towards her bedroom, turning and slamming the door behind her. She grabbed her armchair and shoved it against the door and under the handle hoping that would hold him off long enough for Tomas to come and help.

He tried the door and then bumped it making her shudder as she sat on her bed cradling her knees. When it went silent outside she could only hope that he had given up or that Tomas had come up to end this. It seemed like an eternity went by before she heard the sounds of two men talking outside of the bedroom. 

She waited there by the door cursing the fact that she had never bought a gun or any weapons for that matter despite Tomas' attempts to get her to learn to defend herself. 

"Last chance darling, this is taking too long. Open the door and come along now or we'll break it down." A new voice called out to her.

"I'm not coming with you, so just leave." Lizzie called out backing up towards the back of the room.

"No can do dear, my friend told you our boss wants you. You are far too important for us to let you go. Now, I have an axe and I will get in there, so be a good dear and come along." 

She looked around wondering if she could escape. Tomas had been gone too long and she had no idea how many more friends this guy had outside of her apartment. It was then that the axe blade came crashing through her bedroom door. She screamed out for Tomas but no one came. A few more crashes and she was crying and hysterical backing towards her bathroom in the corner. No escape seemed possible and all she could think about was buying time until Tom would help. It was either that or give up to these maniacs.

Another hit had the door wobbly and the chair shifted backwards as it was struck from the other side. Her mind reeled and she went into her bathroom throwing the meager lock once inside. She knew it wouldn't hold them off long, but it was her only hope.

Lizzie stood waiting for the next horrible sound to indicate what was going on outside. Soon enough she heard a crash and a lot of noise filtered to her. She screamed ducking inside her bathtub and pulling the shower curtain closed as if that would prove any sort of barrier.

The sound of a shoulder colliding with the bathroom door a few minutes after shattered her thought that the quiet was indicative of Tomas' return. Tears streamed down her face as she huddled in the tub hoping to not be found by some miracle. Tomas' name was on a repeat loop inside her brain, hoping that he would hear her prayer and appear.

When the door crashed inward she screamed out, not knowing what was coming next, but positive it would not be good. The fact that she was somehow an important being had never been lost on her and the realization that a demon was about to be the one to show her what her importance was terrified her. 

"Now, about that little taste." Strong hands grabbed her pulling her up from the tub. She kicked and screamed, fighting with every bit of strength she had but realizing it was futile. There was simply no way she was going to overpower this man. 

A strong hand gripped her around the neck pulling her up off the ground. Tears streamed down her face as she clawed at the hand. It was the monster from the doorway. Lizzie tried to scream but only a croak came out as her tank top was torn open from the collar. 

Darkness creeped into her vision on the sides as she felt cold hands rub on her skin and nails dig into her throat. 

"Hey asshole, drop the girl." A deep voice came from somewhere in the apartment and she registered it only faintly.

The grip loosened only a little as she heard a scuffle in her apartment. Lizzie heard another noise and felt a spray of liquid across her face. She was harshly dropped to the floor in the next instant and the grip loosened completely. She sucked in a harsh, ragged breath and lay on the floor stunned and unsure of what just happened.

"You okay? Can you stand?" A set of hazel eyes stared down at her between locks of dark brown hair. Any other time she would have thought he was gorgeous, but right now she couldn't even answer him.

"Just pick her up Kerry and let's get her out of here before we get more trouble." The deep voice she had heard before chimed in. 

The tall man looming over her reached down to pick her up, and as much as she wanted to fight she couldn't even move. He pulled her up bridal style in his arms and navigated her out of the bathroom and towards her front door. Who knew where this would end, but for some reason she felt safe suddenly.

The next few minutes came in flashes before she blinked out completely. Lizzie was carried downstairs and saw Tomas in the distance. The next she knew she was being placed in the back of a car and the tall guy that carried her put his jacket under her head. 

*******************************

"We got her Tom, now let's go." Jeff called out to Tom still baffled at what importance this girl had and why demons had singled her out.

"I have to stay and fix her apartment Jeff, or others will think something is wrong." Tom realized he had to also preserve her privacy and her life outside of what she was.

"Fine, but hurry and meet us at the bunker. Let's just hope sleeping beauty doesn't wake up and freak out on us." Jeff said to him hopping into the car and heading off with Kerry in the passenger seat. 

********************************

Lizzie woke an hour later to the sound of AC/DC playing in the speakers. She looked around trying to take stock of where she was. The cold leather beneath her and the sounds of the car made her realize that her flashes of being placed in a back seat were not a dream. She could also tell the car was moving, but had no idea where they might be taking her.

It dawned on her as the cobwebs cleared in her mind that she had no idea who these men were, but they had definitely kidnapped her. She wasn't sure if they were other demons, or humans or what. There was nothing she could do, but lay there and contemplate her options. 

She decided her best option was to pretend to be asleep and rest up for when they stopped and she could make her get away. The exhaustion set back in then as she fell asleep once more rolling onto her side in a fetal position.

*******************************

The creak of a car door opening woke her from sleep. She tried to ready herself, but noted that her entire body was stiff and sore after the earlier events. Lizzie cursed herself for being taken like this after being attacked. Tomas was going to be so upset with her. 

"Alright, let's wake her up and get her inside and then we can figure out what the hell is going on." The driver of the vehicle spoke before getting out of the car. She saw the passenger - the guy who had carried her - get out too and come around opening her door. She closed her eyes pretending to still be asleep.

When she felt his hands on her shaking her, Lizzie took the opportunity kicking out and connecting with his crotch. She heard him grunt and she struggled to get around him as he stood in the doorway of the car. Another two steps was all she got before being grabbed around her chest in a bear hug.

"No....no." She groaned out, her voice still raspy. It hurt to talk.

"Hey calm down, we're not going to hurt you." A deep voice spoke calmly in her ear. 

"Let me go." 

"Hey, hey we're friends with Tom, he asked us to come get you. Let us explain." The tall one who was just standing up and still half-cradling his crotch spoke to her with a hand up signaling that she should calm down.

"Tomas said never to trust anyone unless he introduced me, so why should I trust you?" She asked panic in her eyes at the thought that she could not escape these guys any more than the ones from earlier.

"If I let you go, can we chat....we can stay here in the garage if you want." The deep voice spoke to her calmly loosening his grip around her body. She sucked in a deep breath. She noted her surroundings then. It was a concrete walled huge garage with only one other car inside. That was a Chevy Blazer, and it looked to be in fairly good condition. The car she just emerged from was a 70s Ford, probably a Torino if she knew her cars. It was in pristine condition with a shiny coat of navy blue paint. She also sadly realized that there was only one visible door out of the garage and both men stood in front of it at this point.

"Fine, but if you try anything, Tomas will smite your asses." Lizzie huffed and the arms released her completely.

"Trust me, we're not interested in hurting you, we just want answers." He spoke again.

"Tom will be here soon and you'll see, he asked us to come get you because you were in danger." The tall one spoke to her smiling and raising his brows. He stood about 6'2" with a burly build. He had dark hair that hung long to the tops of his shoulders and he had bright hazel eyes. The man looked like a statute, but had the most caring eyes. 

"Okay, first of all, why don't we start with names. I'm Jeff and this is Kerry, and you are?" The man who had held her from behind spoke. He had a short buzz cut of blonde hair and green piercing eyes. He was beautiful too, although a solid 2 or 3 inches shorter than the other man. He was just as muscular, but his face was much more stern. The stubble that graced his jaw only accentuated the strong jawline. Both men were beautiful specimens and looked like they could definitely do some damage if she challenged them, so she decided to go for option two of getting more information.

"Lizzie. Wait.....Kerry and Jeff? Are you agents with the Dark Division?" Lizzie suddenly recalled prior conversations with both Oz and Tomas and those names coming in. Granted all the stories weren't good, but at least she could place them then.

"Yes, we're partners." Kerry spoke and it made her relax instantly to know that at least they weren't demons and they came from the good side. Dark Division was something Tomas had told her about and it was the group that Oz worked for, although he was a supervisor of sorts. It was some sketchy CIA group that dealt with the not so natural things in this world.

"Oz and Tomas have talked about you before, but you could just be telling me that. Those guys are infamous to good and evil. Where are we?" Lizzie had herself pinned to the side of the car trying to stay as far away as she could from them both.

"We're in one of the division's bunkers -- we're stationed here. We figured it would be safe for you until we talked to Tom." Kerry spoke again; Jeff had a serious look on his face as if eyeing her and trying to figure out the great mystery.

"My turn, what the hell is that smell, we've been dealing with it for the whole trip. Is it you? And, can you turn it off?" Jeff spoke sounding harsh and making her not want to answer.

"It's me. When I'm in heat, I smell like that to men. And, I can't turn it off, just mute it sometimes. It gets stronger when I sleep." Lizzie tried to explain feeling like an idiot and worried that if they had noticed it then she wasn't very safe at all.

"Look, can I at least give you my jacket? Your shirt is...." Kerry muttered to her.

Lizzie looked down finding her shirt hanging open and her white lace bra exposed. Blood was caked on her neck and she realized it was from the nails of that monster digging into her. She clutched at herself instantly and blushed red.

"I guess, but don't try anything. Why are you helping me?" She was guarded still. Kerry pulled his jacket off and reached out his long arm to her so he only had to take two steps and she reached grabbing it and pulling it around her shoulders.

"Tom asked us to, that's all. He said you were his charge and he couldn't watch you but you really needed help. How long have you been his charge?" With more details coming from the younger, much less ominous of the two, Lizzie started to relax a little. His jacket around her was warm and smelled strongly of him. It filled her nostrils. This year her ability to smell men had grown heightened for whatever reason.

"It's been 13 years now, since I was 15 years old and the heat started. The angels that raised me gave me to him because he was more powerful." Lizzie let the information flow freely.

"Ok, princess, I'm tired and hungry, so I'm going inside to sit down and have a beer and some food. You can join us and wait for Tom or you can stay out here." Jeff was gruff seeming irritated with the whole situation.

"What my partner means is you are welcome to come in and make yourself comfortable." Kerry chimed in with a soft smile.

"Okay, but when Tomas comes I'm leaving." Lizzie followed the two of them through the door and down a couple of long corridors. They passed what looked like a full exercise room, a gun range, and then a door labeled showers. God, she could really use a shower right now. 

Another turn and she was following the guys through a library into an industrial looking kitchen. It felt very sterile and she could tell that no women lived here. Once in the kitchen she took a seat at the table and watched the two carefully.
