 Within a few minutes, she was being ushered to a hallway on the other side of the shower room that had a line of wooden doors. 

"These two are ours, so you can have any of the other ones, plus there are some down the corridor to your left heading to where the garage is." Kerry pointed. He could smell her in front him somewhere between fruitiness and musk. It was really intoxicating.

"I'll take the furthest from you guys that should at least make things easier." She walked to the end of the hallway and the last door on her left. 

Opening it, she noted how austerely it was furnished. The bed had no mattress, which Kerry indicated he would remedy as soon as he went to the storage area, where they apparently had spare ones. She was only hoping it would be somewhat comfortable. After all, this was an underground US government agency. She wasn't expecting luxury accommodations.

Opposite of the bed was an antique wooden dresser that she would dust out later. Next to it was a nice roll up wooden desk, where at least she could work in privacy. At the far end a wardrobe stood next to a small door. 

"That's the uh, toilet and sink. You'll have to shower in the shower room unfortunately." Kerry chimed in gesturing towards the other end of the room. 

"Ok, I'll need some things tomorrow if one of you can take me into town." Lizzie started to think practically about how she was going to make this work for a full month.

"One of us can go for you, and I'll um put one of the tvs in here tomorrow. I wired up the rooms one day, so I can totally hook it up. And, we have some extras thanks to a good job we did. They give you perks when you save certain people in high places from the nasty things in this world." Kerry was trying to make her comfortable.

"Thanks, I'll shower after Tomas brings clothes for me if that's okay?" Lizzie asked him sweetly.

"Yea, and um, I'll go get that mattress and some sheets. It's a queen so not too small." He turned leaving her in the room to look around. She supposed it wasn't too bad and could certainly make do for a month. It was like an old school hotel room.

*********************************************

Tomas had returned with sufficient clothes, her laptop and plug, her vibrator and a few other essentials. With a quick shower to rinse off, Lizzie fell asleep quickly on the new mattress. Her dreams that ensued were of the nightmare she had endured earlier, but quickly turned to very interesting things she wished to do to the two men she was staying with.

Despite the seemingly cold exterior and minimal decoration of the interior, the room turned out to be quite comfortable. The heating in the place definitely worked and served to keep her cozy for the night. With her things in the room, she felt like she could definitely make her home here for the next month without too much effort. Now, it was just a matter of finding a way to make things work with the two men holed up in the bunker with her. She decided to start on that the next morning when she woke up.

***************************************

"Hey I hope you guys don't mind. I thought I would make breakfast as a sort of olive branch. Do muffins work? I saw some blueberries in the fridge." Lizzie was in the kitchen when Kerry and Jeff wandered in. 

She had thrown on her usual t-shirt and pajama shorts after leaving her room not giving it a second thought. She had not lived with anyone in a long time and Tomas had never cared what she wore. A bra wasn't even a thought, but judging by the way Jeff was staring at her chest when she turned around she wondered if it should have been.

"Wow, don't take this the wrong way, but your smell is intense this morning. I mean we could smell it when we went to shower and now, wow." Kerry's brows went up as he spoke. He was trying to keep looking at her directly in the face, but her legs were an obvious distraction.

"Yea, it can be really strong when I first wake up. I'll try to take it down a notch before I go shower." She blushed. These guys knew what was going on with her and she wanted desperately to try to trust them as Tomas did, but she was still embarrassed by how they were looking at her.

"Do you always, um, sleep like that?" Jeff's voice was a little ragged.

"Actually, I usually sleep naked, but I figured that wasn't a good way to make breakfast. I kind of have to, because I sweat like crazy with the heat at night." Lizzie answered without a second thought. Both brothers stood frozen staring at her.

"You can make breakfast naked any time you want to gorgeous." Jeff smirked.

"Okay, maybe now is a good time to go through a few ground rules. Let me get you muffins though, do you take butter? And, do you want coffee?" She turned reaching to grab mugs from the cabinet where she found her own. Her shirt rode up just enough to reveal the skin above her shorts.

"Sounds hot...I mean good." Kerry croaked out.

"Yea, coffee and um butt...er." Jeff followed.

Lizzie poured coffee and put it on the table in front of them; both had now taken seats and scooted into the table. She went back to the fridge and grabbed butter; turning back she caught Jeff staring directly at her crotch. She sighed, knowing this would not be an easy month.

Once the muffins were on the table, and they were eating, it all seemed to get a little better although it was clearly not the easiest atmosphere and even she could smell the guys, knowing it was really their excitement that she sensed.

"Alright guys, if I am staying here, we need some rules. First, I noticed the shower stalls doesn't go to the ceiling, they're actually kind of short. So, can I ask that if we are showering at the same time we put a stall between us. I mean you guys are just a bit taller, and I don't feel like giving up privacy that much." Lizzie ventured out with an easy one.

"Sounds good, we can do that." Kerry agreed trying to act normal despite the fact that he was visibly excited beneath the table.

"Second one, I don't intend to try anything sexually with either of you, so I would appreciate it you guys didn't try anything either. I know I smell good, and trust me both of you do too, but I'm just not interested in a repeat awful time in my life. I'm going to wait until it's forced on me." Lizzie put the hard one out there. Sure they were hot, but sex really wasn't worth the strings for her.

"Absolutely, you can trust me, I won't try anything. But, it is going to be hard not to notice the smell and everything." Kerry was quick to jump on it.

"Are you sure, because I mean we are safe, you can trust us not to bite." Jeff tried his luck.

"Jeff, please, I can't avoid you guys for a whole month. I really just want to get through this the best we can." Lizzie pleaded with him looking into his green eyes. His stare was full of lust. 

Jeff sighed heavily. "Alright, I won't try anything. But, then I have a rule." 

"What, name it?" Lizzie was pleasantly surprised.

"You can't walk around like that." He gestured to her clothes. "It's a little much to ask us not to do anything and then have to look at those legs and no bra, I mean come on - that's not fair." He seemed flustered suddenly.

"Okay, fair enough. I will try to wear more and a bra, but then you guys can't walk around indecent either. Like no topless either. It makes my heat go crazy when I can smell one of you and see too much. I won't act on it, but it's only fair." Lizzie felt like they had reached a good middle ground.

"And no going out of the bunker without us. We'll pick up whatever you need today to make it this month, and we don't want to draw attention here. So, stay inside and enjoy it. Make yourself at home." Kerry smiled at her.

"Okay, so that's settled then, well I can only eat one of these before I'm stuffed, so I will leave you guys to it. I am going to dial my scent back and then take a shower." Lizzie got up leaving the guys alone.

When she was safely out of the room, both men breathed a sigh of relief. 

"So, are you...?" Jeff asked raising his eyebrows as he looked at Kerry.

"Yep, that would be why I'm sitting under the table. I hope we get used to this otherwise, I'm going to have to start carrying my trapper keeper around again." Kerry laughed, seriously wondering how he couldn't keep himself from getting aroused. 

************************************

A quick few minutes with her vibrator and Lizzie could tell that her scent had become lessened. She showered and afterwards put on a modest pair of jeans and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt. She could at least be comfortable if covered up and there was something about her classic rock t-shirts that made her feel safe.

Heading out to the library, she brought her laptop, hopeful to get some work done. 

"Hey Lizzie, so did you want to make a quick list and one of us can pick things up for you? I saw Tom brought some stuff, but do you need more?" Kerry was already sitting at the table working on his own laptop.

"Yea, that would be awesome. So, what are you up to?" She asked plopping herself down across the table. 

"I'm actually researching a case that some other agents called in about. It's a lair of werewolves. Your smell is definitely down some by the way, so thank you. Sorry about earlier too." He was so sweet, a stark contrast from his brash partner.

"Cool. You know I loved the stories Oz told me about hunting things, but I could never do that. I never learned how to fight really." Lizzie smiled, enjoying talking to someone for a change.

"The stories are better than the reality usually. You know we never asked you, but what do you do for work?" Kerry asked her, there was something in those cute little dimples that made him adorable. Lizzie was surprised at herself, she hadn't been attracted to a man in a long time and now here she was sitting across from a hunk and feelings she hadn't even expected were coming back.

"Oh, I'm an attorney. I do mostly writing stuff, like motions and all that. Sometimes I represent companies, but it's usually drafting. I used to be a criminal defense attorney, but with the heat cycles getting so bad, I kind of gave up going to court." She sighed.

"Really, I was going to go to law school before, well this life sucked me in I suppose."

"Well, my stories are usually better than the reality of my job too, so don't feel so bad." 

"So, what exactly do you guys do here? I know Oz told me that there were agents in the field all over, but I don't remember him mentioning any bunkers." Lizzie was ever curious and the Dark Division had been very intriguing to her, but of course, she only knew what Oz told her and what Tomas had spoken about.

"We were in the field investigating cases and such, but then you can opt for a rotation into a bunker. There are twelve total around the US and a few more international. The CIA doesn't really like to advertise, though. Oz is one of our supervisors and he is centrally located. Here, we do supportive research and storage of certain items in protection. I can't really show you the stuff, sorry. Most of it is classified and also crazy dangerous."

"That is so cool. I might have to nose around in your books a little bit at some point and see if you have information on me. I only know what the angels and Tomas have told me really. Jeff doesn't strike me as the intellectual type, though, why is he here?"

"Our last rotation in the field was pretty rough, and we both needed a break. Jeff is pretty awesome at practical advice and well we both have to protect everything here. We also house agents sometimes and have a dungeon for other unsavory beings. It's pretty nice to have a home of sorts, instead of going from hotel to hotel in the field."

"I get that. I guess I wish I could have an exciting job like you guys do, but I could never go too long without some kind of home. I enjoy having my luxuries. Anyways, sorry I'll let you get back to research." Lizzie smiled at him and saw Kerry grin happily at her interest.

"No worries. I'm happy to answer any questions I can. As you can tell, Jeff is not much of a conversationalist. Although, after you get used to him he is a lot of fun and he'll always have your back. He's a great partner." With his last comment, Kerry went back to being buried in his work.

The two worked in silence for a little bit before Jeff strolled into the room.

"Oh God, now I have two of you buried in computers. Hey, that smell's a lot better, huh? Is that Zeppelin on your shirt?" Jeff stopped dead as he looked at her chest.

"Yes, but it's not an excuse to stare at the goods." Kerry chuckled when she said it.

"You can't wear that if you don't like them you know. It counts as too hot." 

"Are you kidding, they're only one of the greatest bands ever...and I'll wear any band shirt that I want thank you very much." She retorted, not letting him even challenge her a little bit.

"As if you weren't hot enough...what's your favorite song?" 

"Probably Ramble On, but it's a tough one. Wait, you like them too?" Suddenly Jeff's attractiveness became apparent.

"Uh, yea, who doesn't? Wait, did your scent just go up?" Jeff raised one eyebrow.

"Sorry, I just got a little turned on when you said you liked Zeppelin. We should probably talk about something less interesting because if you say you like Metallica, I'm going to need a break." Lizzie felt her heat creeping up.

"Princess you are speaking my language. And, on that note, I will volunteer to go out shopping because wow I need a break now." Lizzie looked down to see an obvious bulge in Jeff's pants. 

"Shit, I'm sorry. I'm not normally attracted to guys, but the metal thing...ugh." Lizzie blushed.

"Hey, this is nothing. It's more the music than your smell. I told you we can handle this. No one is going to try anything; we just might need breaks is all." Jeff smirked.

"I have to go and work somewhere else for a bit, I can feel it getting stronger. But, trust me you can't handle me, without some tempering." She sighed flustered that her short rather unsatisfying orgasm hadn't minimized her pheromones for long.

"Aren't you full of yourself? I can resist any woman." Jeff's cocky grin suddenly pissed her off and she decided to show him what she meant. She smiled at Kerry, who she was pretty sure had scoffed under his breath at his partner's comments.

"Oh, yea, try this." She stood up defiantly walking over to him. Standing only an inch away, she reached out placing her hand flat against Jeff's t-shirt in the center of his chest. Her eyes locked on his and she let her mind wander to thoughts that she normally staved off - filthy ones at that.

Jeff groaned softly as sweat beaded on his upper lip. He felt his cock fully engorge as he inhaled her essence. She was so close and the feel of her skin so near made his mind race with thoughts of pinning her to the table and having his way with her.

"I told you, it can be too much. Now let me make that list of what I need." Lizzie walked past him to grab a small notepad on the corner of a table nearby.

"Jeff? You okay man?" Kerry smirked at him.

"Whoa, it's gonna be a long month." Jeff shook his head suddenly deciding to button up his flannel some. He was hard as a rock and definitely needed to get away from that scent.

************************************

A knock came on the door as Lizzie sat typing away. She had been forced to use her vibrator again just to think. Now she knew - no talk of metal unless she was prepared. Apparently, that was Jeff's weakness. A good tidbit, if she was trying to turn him on.

Once he had left on the supply run, Kerry had told her about their gym and sparring room. It was a welcome distraction and she had even talked with him a little bit about possibly training her to defend herself. He had suggested that they wait a few hours considering her increased scent, and she was more than happy to oblige.

"Yes, come in." She called out. Kerry poked his head in as he opened the door a crack. 

"Hey, just thinking maybe you'd want to do a little sparring. I figured we both had some time apart so it might be okay now." Kerry was dressed in shorts and a t-shirt with his sneakers on.

"Sure, let me get changed and I'll meet you there in like 10 if that works." She smiled at him. Already she knew that they would be friends. Kerry was an easy guy to get along with and he was brainy just like her. It made her feel somehow comforted to be able to just act normally around someone for a change.

Once he was gone, Lizzie settled on a pair of long tights and a loose fitting t-shirt, figuring everything was pretty well covered as per their request. Her workout gear was pretty much all grey except for the occasional purple, which tied it into her purple and grey shoes. She preferred to blend when she was at the gym, so nothing too bright or flashy. Her whole life had been about not being seen very much. It was quite the opposite of her supposed importance as a vessel, but it gave her a feeling of normalcy.

Putting her hair up, she headed for the gym. It was down the hallway towards the garage, but instead of turning right you made a quick left. Opening the door she was greeted by a huge room with several cardio machines and free weights. It was amazing. Blaring over the radio was modern hip hop, which Kerry apparently enjoyed. It wasn't her first choice, but it would do.

She found him in the back on top of several mats and he had gloves on his hands with the fingers cut off. He smiled when she approached relaxing her instantly.

"Let's start with some punches, what do you say?" Kerry turned around grabbing two pads to put on his hands. He handed Lizzie a set of gloves that were thankfully elastic judging by the size of these two guys. She put them on and then waited for him to be ready.

"Okay, I'll try, but I've really never done anything like this." Lizzie smiled as Kerry prepped for her to hit him. Lizzie balled her right fist up and punched into the pad on his right hand with all her strength. Her knuckles cried out as she connected and she grunted shaking her hand.

"It's okay, just um...close your fist a little more and firm up your shoulder." Kerry was so encouraging, but the reality was Lizzie had no idea what he was talking about. 

Hauling back with her left hand and trying to get her fist as tight as she could she punched into the other pad. Her knuckles felt a little better, but she couldn't help but notice that Kerry's hand had not even moved. If she couldn't move his hand, then how was she going to hope to do any damage to a real enemy?

"Sorry, I kind of don't get it." She sighed dropping her hands down.

""You're not getting as much force because you're trying to just use your fist. You have to put your shoulder and hip into it more. Let me...let me show you." Kerry took the pads off and walked around to her side. "Pull your arm back like this." He positioned her arm back slightly tightening her shoulder. 

"Oh, ok, and then like this?" Lizzie punched out from her shoulder feeling slightly more power in her punch.

"Yea, but try putting your whole body into it until you get stronger. So, loosen up your hips." His hands went to her hips as he moved behind her. He jiggled them and she relaxed her stance a little. "Now punch out, but from your whole body." She did as he asked feeling his fingers guide her right hip in the motion. 

"Okay, show me again." She felt Kerry against her suddenly as she spoke. His fingers on her hips made her suck in a deep breath taking in his scent. It brought back memories of being carried by the giant man from her apartment. Her heat grew a little at the smell and at the touch of his fingers on her hips through the tights.

"Sure, punch." Kerry let his breath out. Touching her had been instinctive. This wasn't the first woman he had touched after all, and he was training her. He didn't think twice. When her ass shifted so close to him grazing the front of his shorts is when he first noticed that he was so very close to her. The smell of this woman...something musky and fruity had turned him on instantly. 
