 Breakfast was somewhat tense at first. Both guys looked a little disheveled as they came out to find her cooking. After they started eating, things seem to resolve to some extent.

"I'm sorry you guys found me like that. I hate waking up that way. I'll try to avoid it in the future. I figured you know getting off in the morning would be enough, but now I'm not so sure. It seems to be worse this year than before." Lizzie broke the ice as she took another bite of eggs.

"It's okay, we just are still adjusting and everything. You have a lock on that door and we both will try to not violate your privacy from here on out." Kerry looked at her level and smiled. He seemed to smile with his whole face bringing a calm to her almost instantly.

"Were you having a good or bad dream?" Jeff raised his eyebrow and she wasn't sure if he actually cared about her well-being or if he was hoping for some more material to get off too. As always, Lizzie figured brutal honesty was the way to go.

"It was bad, they're almost always bad during the heat. You'd think they would be incredible sex dreams, but mostly it's being imprinted in some horrific manner or being forced to mate to some monster. I hate it." She sighed and looked down almost picturing those red eyes from her dream earlier.

"Does anything help?" Jeff's concern caught her off guard and she lifted her head to see a set of deep green orbs scanning her face for emotions.

"Drinking sometimes does, and sleeping with Tomas if he can. Otherwise, I just try to think good thoughts before I fall asleep." She smiled back at him and he laughed a little. "What?" 

"It's just that I can't imagine Tom as the cuddling type. We never see that side of him." This was the first non-tense conversation she was having with Jeff and she felt her body relax as she looked into his eyes.

"He's always been like that with me, kind of like a big brother. When I was younger, I was so scared and he would just hold me for hours while I slept until the dreams were gone. I don't know what I would have done without him. Then, he was reassigned, but he kept me as a charge. I guess we sort of bonded together. Honestly, it's funny to hear you call him Tom. It makes him seem so...human." She smiled at him.

"You know I'm usually up a few times a night. If you ever need somebody to have a drink with or watch some crappy late night TV, just come find me." Jeff smiled at her and reached a hand across the table placing it on hers.

Lizzie felt the comfort of his heat and also a surge of her own pheromones. It was a tense moment, but was eventually broken as the timer for the oatmeal went off. She broke away and moved to start dishing it out. They ate in silence for a while, and it was nice. Lizzie sensed a change in the room as if she was really starting to belong there.

After breakfast, she went to grab a quick shower. Today she was due to hit the shooting range with Jeff, and she was pretty pumped. Kerry had confirmed that Jeff was better at this part than he was. Jeff had a military background and knew a lot about weapons of all kinds, guns being his favorite. Taking him up on his offer to show her how to use them seemed like a no-brainer.

*************************

"Okay, that was a little better than the last clip, but now try holding your hands a little different. Here, let me show you." Jeff's hands were on her then placing her left and right hands on the gun in a different grip. 

He had actually turned out to be an amazing teacher. The man had perfect patience when it came to guns. From the moment they stepped on the range, he turned into a different person. He was reassuring and allowed her to mess up time and again. Just loading the bullets had taken her a few tries to learn, but now that she was actually shooting, he was all about making sure that she learned this and learned it well.

"Alright, I see, so then this is better to steady it?" Lizzie asked hoping to learn from Jeff. His hands were crazy warm as they held on to her own.

"Yeah, now pull back with the hand while you push forward with this one. See what I mean?" Jeff's breath was a little heavier than she expected. Lizzie pulled the trigger watching the hole appear in the paper in the 7 circle instead of off to the side as it had before.

"Awesome Jeff, but um maybe you could back your own gun up from my ass." She couldn't help but notice that Jeff was rock hard and pressing into her ass. 

"Shit, I'm sorry Lizzie...I just...being this close to you and all. Plus, the room is kind of small and we've been in here for a while."

"Jeff, look, I talked to Kerry about this while we were training. Unfortunately, I think you guys are going to get hard around me. I can either lock myself in my room or we can be adults and laugh about it. I suggested to Kerry that you both keep count and see who has more - like make a game of it, because otherwise this is going to be impossible and I for one don't feel like having a horrible month."

"Damn, how come I like you more every time you act like a guy? You crack me up. Well, I guess if you are going to have a sense of humor about it there's nothing else to do. So, let me see you load another clip and we'll try again." 

"Thanks Jeff, that's surprisingly mature for you."

"Well, stick around, I can be surprising sometimes. But, you're right. If I'm not going to have a shot at you at least I know you aren't falling for Kerry, so maybe he and I will just have a side bet. I'm not going to lie though, if you ever changed your mind, I'm in. Otherwise, let's at least get you shooting bullseyes before you leave."

Lizzie smiled at him appreciating his sense of humor and strange maturity. He was actually really surprising her right now, and she wondered if he wasn't more than the shallow dick she had imagined. The month would tell she supposed, but firing his gun sure as hell was awesome right now. 

************************

As the two weeks progressed, Lizzie felt more and more at home each day. She would spent time training with Kerry at least a few times a week, and also spend time learning to shoot with Jeff. They both turned out to be great teachers with patience abounding and she felt like she was really starting to learn to protect herself in more ways than one.

The feeling of belonging - of actually having friends for a change only increased as the days turned into weeks. Before long, she was hanging out with the guys and watching movies in the evening. That seemed to relax her, and they also were up for drinks anytime things were too tense. 

When the nights were bad, Lizzie had started to wander the halls a little bit, and on more than one occasion bumped into Jeff doing the same. He explained that he had some PTSD type of issues and it made him restless a lot. They spent hours sometimes talking, playing board games, or just sitting in front of a movie. Lizzie really came to appreciate him, in a way she never figured she would.

With Kerry the comfort was more spoken. He was always willing to listen to anything on her mind, and offer advice where he could. They exchanged notes about research sites and interesting articles they found throughout the time the two would spend buried in their laptops in the library. She and Kerry had that in common, and she adored it. Tomas wasn't much of a conversation kind of guy, although he did offer her emotional support like neither of them ever could. 

At the end of the third week, Lizzie had become completely relaxed around the two men. The tension they had in the beginning had now been resolved into a juvenile betting game. Any time one of the guys got a little too cocky with Lizzie, she just did the old magic and touched them a little too much or whispered in an ear and they got excited making her the victor. It was kind of awesome to feel like her heat was a weapon somehow instead of a curse. 

She had gotten into a habit of jerking off after dinner so that she could hang out with them and watch TV or movies before heading to bed. It may not have always cured her breakfast heats, but for those sometimes she just showered and took care of herself beforehand. In any event, things seemed to be getting better. Something changed as the first day of her last week approached, and she felt the heat growing stronger. 

It was one particular night that she fell asleep watching a movie on the couch. Kerry had gone to bed, but she had somehow crashed with Jeff. Perhaps, it was the several drinks she had with him, but in any event she had crashed out.

Truthfully, Jeff hadn't meant to fall asleep on the couch, but here he was waking up with Lizzie draped across half of his body. He heard her soft breathing and felt bad waking her up. They had been drinking, perhaps a little bit too much and both fallen asleep during Dumb and Dumber. Now, here they were in the living room of the bunker sharing a couch. A lamp across the room was on, but the TV was firmly on the menu screen for the DVD player.

Lizzie smelled so magnificent right now, and something about the way her arm was draped across him gripping onto his side made him feel so at home with her. In another life, he would have loved to date the woman, but he knew that wasn't a possibility right now. He couldn't even see her that way considering her express desires to the contrary. 

She was cuddled up on him completely with her legs wrapped around one of thighs and her nose nuzzled into his neck just below his ear. Jeff took the opportunity to smell her hair and was greeted with an all too pleasant floral fragrance. He loved the smell of a woman, and Lizzie's was particularly intoxicating. His haze from the alcohol had already worn off, but he could smell a light scent of it from her breath as she lay there. 

One of his hands was tucked behind his head and the other lay at his side. He decided to just stay there and try to fall back asleep, when he suddenly heard her whimper. His eyes opened focusing on nothing in the near dark. And, his ears tuned into her breathing, searching for signs of the nightmares she had described.

"Mmmm Jeff, yes right there." She softly spoke the words as she snuggled into him a little further.

Jeff's stomach tightened. He froze in place waiting to see if she was awake or sleeping. If she was awake, it might be his only chance with her, but if she was sleeping it would be a grave mistake for him to touch her.

"Oh, yes...taste me." Lizzie's moan solidified it, she was sleeping. Unfortunately, it also meant that she was having a dream about him and doing so while wrapped around him. His cock started to get hard instantly and he considered if he should wake her or if he should let her enjoy her dream.

In Lizzie's mind it was all flashes. She had Jeff over her and they were naked as he savored the taste of her whole body. His breath on her made her pussy get wetter by the second. She could smell him through her every pore as his hands explored her. This dream was so vivid and she was deeply caught in it. Her scent was radiating from her in waves as her imagination filled in the gaps of how it would feel to have the man's tongue on her thighs.

Jeff wanted to wake her, knew he should to spare her the embarrassment, but he also wanted her. He felt her fingers grip into his side a little stronger as her breathing grew heavier in his ear. Her thighs stiffened a little against his leg and she pressed her crotch against him. Her yoga pants provided little barrier as he felt her on his shorts. Her pussy felt like fire against him and he closed his eyes imaging what she might be dreaming about. His cock stiffened further when he felt her wetness reach his skin. 

"Oh, I'm so wet baby...take me there...please..." She moaned out softly her hips starting to shift up and down on him as her fingers dug in. When she groaned, Jeff couldn't take it anymore and let his free hand move resting on his own hardness. 

"So good, oh God...yes...unh...let me taste it...oh Jeff." Lizzie's words were killing him. He held his cock afraid to move his hand and end this excitement. She was using his body to get off, and it was one of the hottest things he had ever experienced. Sure, he had been with tons of women, who had any number of kinks, but a woman in heat riding his leg to get off was at the top. He had only had a few girls that would jerk off for him let alone against him. This was amazing.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum, please don't stop." He bit onto his bottom lip to keep himself from groaning out as he slid his hand slowly up and down his shaft. Her scent was killing him and she was moving faster as her words came out. This was so hot and he just couldn't stop himself from picturing her mouth sliding down over his head. That beautiful filthy mouth of hers, being filled by his cock as her green eyes stared back into his.

"Oh...oh God...oh Jeff...so close...so close." She moaned out as her thighs gripped even tighter. His own hand moved faster while he desperately held back any noise. He started to sweat as he felt his cock get harder, he was drawing in on his own release as he heard her breath stutter and felt a pulse against his thigh.

"UNHHHHH!!" She groaned out in her sleep as she came. It was enough to send him over the edge, his abs seizing as he came in his briefs. He tasted blood as his teeth sunk into his bottom lip to keep him from making a noise.

"Ahhhhh!" His sigh came out audibly as his body came down. He felt her shift.

"Oh crap, Jeff, hey Jeff..." 

"Uh, yeah?" 

"We fell asleep watching TV. I'm sorry. I'm um going to bed."

"Um...okay, I will in a...um...minute." He tried to sound as drowsy as she did. She opened her legs from him, and rolled herself up to a seated position.

"Jeff, I'm so sorry, I kind of got excited in my sleep and got your shorts wet. I'll wash them tomorrow if you want." Lizzie felt horrible. The guilt was incredible as she tried to focus. All she knew was her pants were soaked through after the dream she just had and when she had moved, she was sure she felt some moisture on Jeff's leg as well. How could she have been so stupid? It was so wrong of her to have dreams about him let alone leave wet all over him from it. 

"No worries, Lizzie, we're adults right. I'll live." He said groggily.

"Thanks for understanding Jeff." Lizzie leaned down and gave him a peck on the cheek before getting up and heading to bed. At least he hadn't freaked out, and thank God he hadn't said something to embarrass her any further than she already was.

When Lizzie left, Jeff let out a huge sigh. He was so glad she didn't realize that he had cum just from hearing her. He didn't want to break the trust they had built over the last few weeks. He almost felt bad letting her think that she had dirtied his shorts, when he had wanted it more than anything. And, all he could think now was how he was going to bury his nose in her scent the moment he got back to his room. There was nothing more that he had wanted then to bury his nose in her pussy since the day at the gun range. 

**************************

The next day, she woke up with a lot less heat, not sure what had happened, but she had slept more soundly than usual. Putting on her usual sweats she made her way to breakfast, knowing it was a morning of sparring with Kerry, which she was finally getting better at, but still took a ton of energy.

"Good morning guys." She walked into the kitchen to a smiling Kerry, who turned to grab her a cup for her coffee.

"Hey Lizzie, are you ready this morning?" Kerry was chipper as always. It took her at least two cups of coffee to even be able to compete with his happiness. He was definitely the morning person, where Jeff was quiet and groggy until he got a few cups in him too.

"Ugh, what do I have to be ready for?" She groaned out pulling the cup to her lips for a hearty swig.

"We are going to get you into hand to hand wrestling today. I want you to be able to get out of a hold no matter who has you in it." He was happy somehow. Truth be told, Kerry was nervous to be in such close contact with her, but at the same time he knew this might be the most valuable training he would give her. This was that last ditch training where if you failed at doing anything else, she could at least get out of a hold and run away. He knew that as a smaller woman she might be in just such a position.

"Coffee and breakfast Kerry, then pinning me to the mat, okay?" Lizzie smiled at him, only then looking over at Jeff who she swore had been staring at her before that.

He looked away suddenly and seemed to blush. Lizzie wondered what the hell was up with him. Then, she remembered that she had fallen asleep and wet his shorts the day before.

"Ah, shit Jeff, I forgot, if you want I'll wash those shorts with my laundry later today." Lizzie looked at him full of guilt.

"Uh, um...no it's all good. I'm doing laundry tomorrow probably so I got it." He answered gruffly not looking her in the face.

"Did I miss something guys?" Kerry asked his eyebrows raised looking at Lizzie. She blushed, knowing she was about to be honest and only hoping it didn't make everything too awkward.

"I got a little too hot in my dream last night and ended up dampening Jeff's shorts while the poor guy was sleeping. Anyways, let's just say that puts me up to at least 3 times of getting too excited around you guys. Jeff was nice enough not to make fun of me, but I guess I was just not expecting it." 

"Ah, well if he was awake I'm sure it would have put him ahead of me by 3 is it now on the boner scale. Too bad Jeff, you missed the excitement again sleeping off the whiskey." Kerry teased him a little somehow making Lizzie feel better instantly.

"Yea, just my luck huh?" Jeff grabbed his coffee mug, got up and put his mug in the sink heading out of the kitchen to his room. He didn't know if he was upset or happy that she didn't know he was awake. In any event, after being in the room with her and having the memories of the night before come back into his mind he was going to need to take care of himself. He had done it already last night with his nose buried in her smell on his shorts. Now, he was off to do it again before being forced to wash his shorts before she tried to wash them and discovered his cum all over them.

"I guess that made him more uncomfortable than I realized...shit." Lizzie sighed once Jeff left.

"Don't worry; he's just being a baby. He'll get over it, now eat your cereal and get dressed; I got your number this morning." Lizzie groaned as Kerry left her alone in the kitchen. On his way back to his room, Kerry stopped dead in his tracks outside of Jeff's door. He heard a familiar grunting and groaning that made him realize that he was being weird with Lizzie because he was turned on and not uncomfortable. He chuckled to himself as he made his way to the gym to set up.

*********************************''

A few hours later and Lizzie and Kerry had been going round and round, with her ending up on the mat every time. She just couldn't seem to get the leg sweep or anything that he was showing her. She felt so stupid trying over and over and seeing him always find a way to put her on her back.

Then, it dawned on her; she was giving him too much space. The next time he grabbed at her arms, she pushed herself closer to him. He was taken off guard instantly and she wrapped her leg under his. He immediately fell down and she fell on top of him. 

"Ugh, nice Lizzie." Kerry was breathing heavy, he hadn't expected her to win, but she had finally done something different.

"Thanks, should we do it again?" Lizzie asked breathing heavy. 

"Yeah, but I gotta tell you I'm up one closer to Jeff. So, if you want a break I get it." He was hard and he couldn't' hide it. Lizzie had fallen right on top of him and ended up with her face even with the top of Kerry's shorts. He couldn't help getting excited with the feel of her on him and her smell already filling the room. He wondered how he had avoided her smell any other morning with it as strong as it was in his nostrils right now.
