 Lizzie dodged one bullet, but her heat seemed to increase again the next day. Jeff had to go out for whatever reason and it delayed their gun range time. She had jerked off in the morning, but now it was almost 4 and she was starting to feel her heat creep back in. As much as she wasn't sure that she could come again, she decided it was worth the try before being trapped alone with Jeff in another small room. After all, the gun range had started to kind of excite her.

BOOM...BOOM...BOOM... The knock came at her door just as she started into a steady rhythm on her vibrator. 

"Lizzie, come on range time." Jeff's voice came through the door.

"I need like ten minutes." She called back trying to refocus on her efforts.

"No way princess, Kerry said dinner's at 6, so we have to get in there now." Jeff croaked back. 

"Alright fine, I'll be there in a minute." Lizzie pulled the vibrator from herself and took a deep breath. After being here with them for a few weeks she knew this was one Jeff was not going to let go. A few quick adjustments and she headed to the gun range to meet him.

"Hey, that was more than a minute. Now, let's go." Jeff stood before her, stripped down to his t-shirt and jeans. He was impatient today, and it made him almost smolder as he crossed his arms in front of her. Lizzie's mind couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to take that shirt off. It wasn't right to think this way about him, but her heat had skyrocketed. 

"Fine, give me the gun." 

"What's wrong princess, did I catch you jerking off?" 

"Fuck you Jeff, so what if you did?" 

"Good, you should learn to shoot when you're distracted. Now, aim and shoot." Lizzie picked up the gun and aimed it downrange focusing as best she could. The anger of being interrupted and being judged had her on edge. Instead caving and letting it show, though, Lizzie took a deep breath focusing on that target and pulling the trigger. Feeling the first bullet made her calm somehow and with each subsequent she felt more and more steadied. Her shooting had become more and more second nature as time went on. It was nice to know that she was learning to protect herself. Besides, Jeff had promised that if she got a bullseye he would buy her a gun with a nice purple handle. That bullseye had become her goal as she practiced with him more and more. 

"Okay, let's see what you did." The clip was empty soon enough, and Jeff stepped up to the button pushing it to pull the target in so they could review her results. 

As it came closer it became obvious that her distraction had been exactly what she needed. There were three bullet holes in the bullseye and several others in the number one ring. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. This time last week Lizzie was just centering on the number 3 ring and he was just hoping she would be good enough to get one in the center so he could buy her that gun. He wanted her to succeed. He had come to really admire Lizzie and wanted to know that she would be safe if she decided to walk out of his life forever after this month. The thought of her dying made his chest hurt for some reason.

"Oh my God Jeff, I did it. I did it. Yes." Lizzie was jumping up and down and then she leaned up to Jeff kissing him on the lips. It was quick and she hadn't meant to do that, but there it was. She put her hand to her mouth as soon as she pulled away, feeling instantly bad for what she had done. Her eyes grew wide and she stood frozen just waiting to see what his reaction would be.

Jeff said nothing. His eyes had closed instinctively when her lips pressed to his, and now as they opened he saw the look on her face. It was the cutest blush that went down her shirt and completely up her cheeks. Her hand was on her mouth and she could not have been more attractive than she was right then. Now, he stood there, not sure of what to do, but he knew that he wanted her. The smell was overwhelming, and he just knew it was because she was excited and he wanted nothing more than to touch her, taste her, anything she would allow. But, he also knew that if he violated her rule than he would never be able to have anything with her. That's what had him paralyzed, the thought that he would push her away if he did anything.

"Jeff...I'm so sorry...I didn't mean to...I was just excited." Lizzie stuttered looking at Jeff for any reaction.

"Um...it's okay, I get it. No worries, didn't mean anything right?" He was breathy as he spoke.

"Right, and I'm sorry if I caused that." Lizzie pointed offhandedly at his straining cock. Jeff seemed to blush somehow as she did. 

"This, babe, this is nothing. I...well it's not like you're the only one that's ever gotten me excited."

"I know Jeff, but I know that it's not fair making you like that and then you're stuck."

"Ah, you're not that special princess. I haven't cum in my pants yet, and it certainly won't start with you. It's just an erection." Jeff tried to play it off trying not to think about Lizzie naked and how her skin would be so soft to his touch.

"Jeff, you should know better than to challenge me. If any woman would be the first to make you cum in your pants, you know I could."

"Please. I would take that bet. No woman has ever made me cum without using her pussy, mouth or hands, and none of those can happen as long as I'm dressed. I have incredible self-control." Shit he had to say that. There was no way she could let Jeff win a bet. He was such a poor sport. If he won, then he would never let her hear the end of it. She smiled; it was time to put this big talker in his place.

"What will you give me if I win, because I bet fully dressed I can make you cum in those jeans without using my hands." Lizzie puffed her chest out and gave him a defiant look. At least the awkward kiss was resolved and now they were back to daring each other.

"I'll wear your panties until the end of your heat cycle. So, four days. And, you can even tell Kerry about it. You can pick the panties." Jeff offered.

"No way, you will just get off on that. I tell you what, if I win, you make me breakfast in bed for the next four days and you have to tell Kerry you lost in detail. Oh, and in case you get any ideas you have to knock and get permission before coming in with breakfast." Lizzie quirked an eyebrow, just waiting for his response.

"Fine, you get five minutes and if you lose then you wash Stella, and I get to tape it for my records in the future." Stella was of course the name he used to refer to the Torino. He said she was a classy lady, and she should be treated that way. It was kind of cute the way he talked about her like that. 

"For your records? Like your spank bank?" 

"Maybe, but you know if you win you don't have to worry about it." Jeff was so cocky she couldn't wait to put him in his place.

"Deal. You ready big man?" Lizzie called his bluff turning around and asking over her shoulder. Jeff wasn't sure what she had in store, all he knew was that he was winning this bet. Despite all the times she had gotten him excited, he still had to use his hands in some way to get off. This was going to be a piece of cake.

"Any time you are." Jeff put his hands out to the side welcoming her to try.

"Lean against the wall, you'll need it." Lizzie warned ready to win this bet.

Jeff backed up so his back was against the wall on the side of the lane. Lizzie backed up against him. She shoved her butt directly against his crotch and he inhaled. Suddenly, Jeff knew this was not a sure bet. She leaned her head back against his chest and slid her ass up and down his cock once slowly, and he immediately got hard again. He had hoped the time it took to work out the bet would allow him to get soft, but that hope just got lost.

Once Lizzie pressed her ass into his cock, she almost didn't care about winning any more. Suddenly she could feel him grow hard and leaning her head back she got a nostril full of his scent.

Jeff moaned softly trying to stifle it as she put her hands on his hips and pressed harder into his cock. Her ass felt so incredible grinding into him and he couldn't escape her. There was no leaning back as the wall was unyielding behind him.

"Oh baby, your cock is so huge." Lizzie moaned in her most seductive voice as she turned her head so he could watch her face. 

"Not fair, you're talking." Jeff groaned as he felt his cock respond to her words.

"You never said I couldn't talk about what that beautiful hard shaft was doing to my pussy." Lizzie sighed feeling her own pussy get wet as she ground into him. She felt him exhale against her ear and it made her realize this was more than a bet. How in hell did she get in this situation? Her stupid ego had prompted this and here she was giving in to what she didn't even think she wanted.

"Oh fuck baby...fuck." Jeff moaned out hands palming the wall behind him. He looked up at the clock on the wall. How the hell had it only been 30 seconds? His dick was getting so hard. He had not anticipated her talking while this happened.

"Ooooh daddy. It's too good, I just have to." Lizzie exaggerated her feelings before pressing harder and spreading her legs slightly more so she could get a better angle against him. Her chest stuck out and then she decided it was time to end this. She made sure Jeff was able to see the front of her body, and she reached her left hand up and grasped her breast through her t-shirt moaning in response to the introduction of her own hand over her bra.

"Oh God...that's gotta be cheating." Jeffs breathing increased and she felt him press his cock towards her.

"But I have to daddy." Lizzie used her other hand to unbutton her jeans and unzip them. Her hand quickly disappeared inside her jeans and down into her panties. She found her own clit and she used her wetness to moisten herself. Rubbing in circles, she realized that it was already hardening under her touch as her body tensed. She was nearing her own orgasm. The feel of Jeff's body behind her and his smell surrounding her made her breath catch in her chest. This was way more intense than anticipated.

"Oh fuck...Lizzie...that's so goddamn hot." Jeff groaned out, his hot breath gracing her ear as she ground her ass into him. He was drooling from his tip with precum and the thought of her fingers on that wet hard nub of hers made his mouth water. He wanted nothing more than to run his tongue across that pussy and taste her sweetness. His cock grew harder at the thought as he tried to focus on anything other than the beautiful woman jerking off against him. He was halfway to five minutes now, and he never wanted it to come.

"I'm so close baby...do you want me to cum for you? I want to cum all over my fingers for you baby." Lizzie let her thoughts come out freely as she grew more excited seeking her release. The thought of Jeff hard behind her made her so excited, but she still realized that it was too complicated to go there. The tease was drawing her release closer though. It was only with a vibrator that she had cum until yesterday and then Kerry drove her over her edge. Now, the thought of Jeff throbbing behind her made her pussy water.

"Oh please baby...please...make that pussy pulse for me." Jeff couldn't help the words as he grew close. The clock had long escaped his attention as he focused on her ass and how incredible it would be to trail himself along that wet pussy and then take her from behind. He thought about his own hand on her clit making her moan like she was now. He leaned down hovering his lips on the back of her neck and willing himself not to taste her.

"Fuck...Jeff...oh fuck...I'm...oh God ...I'm... .unhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!" Lizzie moaned as her core pulsed on her fingers her face going blank as she came against her own hand. 

"Shit...unh...unh...unh...shit." Lizzie felt Jeff pulse as he grabbed her hip with one hand. She knew he was cumming and it was the hottest thing in the world. It was as if his scent pulsed through her. She was not into men like this; she tried to remind herself over and over in the back of her mind. 

"Jeff, did I just win?" Her breath was still rough, but she had to find a way to make this something that didn't violate her rules. She had to make it about a bet and not that she was starting to question swearing off men.

"Ah, fuck...4 minutes? Fuck...you're a helluva woman Lizzie. I...ah fuck...I hate losing." Jeff barely formed the words. 

Lizzie turned around looking at him. His face was flushed completely and a glance down showed a large wet spot on his light colored jeans. She couldn't help but smile. She started to redo her jeans, but was abruptly stopped. 

Jeff couldn't help himself, he reached out grabbing her right hand. She watched helplessly as he pulled her fingers to his mouth and then took them both in sucking her wetness off of them.

"Jeff, what are you?" She was confused as she stood there, not knowing what to say. His mouth was so warm and his lips trailed along her fingertips.

"I earned that taste." Jeff's eyes were even on hers and it took every ounce of strength to pull her hand back.

"You can tell Kerry at dinner that I won." Lizzie mocked him before hurrying out of the room. Of all things she didn't want Jeff to know that meant more to her than it should have. 

**********************

After a fun dinner together, which included Kerry laughing hysterically at Jeff, who he referred to as the big talker now, they went back to normal. It was as if neither incident in the past two days had happened. Lizzie was relieved to not have either man think of it as a big deal. She felt like she could really trust these guys. It almost made her sad to think she would be leaving in a few days. Hopefully, leaving wouldn't mean losing touch with them.

The following day, she sparred with Kerry and really felt like everything was fine. It was two days until her heat was over, and as high as it was still nothing happened between the two. Plus, she was finally get the hang of a lot of the moves that he had instilled in her. Sure, she wasn't as strong as him and certainly didn't gain the upperhand often, but then again Kerry was a big guy. So, maybe when she was against normal guys she could hold her own.

The tension was even gone between her and Jeff as she had another shooting lesson later. Lizzie was much less distracted, possibly because it seemed like her heat was starting to dissipate. At this point, she had one full day left and then it would probably be gone by nighttime because it had started up at night. It meant that she had one more night of not sleeping well and things would be back to normal. Plus, half the time she was shooting, Jeff was asking her questions about how she wanted her gun, promising he would ship it to her once he found the perfect one. It was nice. The breakfast in bed was enough to help them along too, with Jeff even respecting her boundaries. All things pointed to no more awkwardness before she left, or so she thought.

**********************************

That night, Lizzie was up late watching movies, and then went to bed thinking that she could sleep through her ever increasing heat. It was only one more day until she was done after all. Jeff and Kerry stayed up as they were in the middle of a "kung fu marathon" as they called it. 

Once in her room, Lizzie tried to lay down to rest, but the dreams seemed to start the moment she closed her eyes. After twenty minutes of that, she decided she was going to have to get off. Maybe then, she would be tired enough or sated enough as it were, to go to sleep right away. An orgasm and forty-five minutes later proved her wrong once more. When the red eyes from too many dreams stirred her awake for the seemingly hundredth time, Lizzie gave up and threw clothes back on making her way out of her room and towards the TV that was still one in the living room.

"Hey guys." She came over and plopped down on a chair perpendicular to the couch the men shared as they watched. 

"What's up? Can't sleep?" Jeff was the first to chime in, his eyes were soft as he spoke and full of care.

"Nope, not a wink, even got off and still nothing. So, which film are we on now?"

"Don't know the English title, but definitely has dragons in it." Kerry smiled at her.

"I tell you what, how about we have a drink or five and maybe then you can crash out?"

"Sounds great, but please mix my bourbon with Coke. I can't drink that stuff straight like you do." Jeff grinned and shook his head as he stood up to get them all drinks. Lizzie smiled watching him. He was really a sweetheart when he wanted to be.

***********************

An hour later, and it was painfully clear that the men were better at handling their liquor than she was. Lizzie was on her fourth drink and she was laughing and sharing in the excitement of their movie choice. Somehow the sound effects made up for the fact that she really couldn't read the subtitles any more. 

"Lizzie your face is totally red. Are you drunk?" Kerry asked smiling at her.

"Fuck, yea, sorry guess I'm not as used to this as you guys." She giggled a little not meaning to.

"Ah, perfect, now we can ask you all those embarrassing questions." Jeff smiled, he was barely feeling the alcohol, but he could tell Lizzie was drunk. She had an adorable glow. 

"Fire away...I'm honest sober, nothing to hide here." She smiled at them, not honestly caring about what they might ask. Of course, Jeff immediately muted the TV as they both turned towards her. They hadn't pried too much yet, but now seemed like the time to get to know their beautiful houseguest.

"Okay, so what's it like to be raised by angels?" Kerry asked starting off easily.

"That's easy...it's not that bad. I mean I had Tomas who was the constant disapproving parent, but I also had my fun uncles like Gabriel, who snuck me drinks when I was a teenager. The only weird thing was it was pretty much all guys. I don't know, I guess it was sort of normal, but when I talked about my feelings they didn't always get it. I always felt loved and protected though, especially Tomas. He's pretty awesome." She spilled, opening up about her upbringing.

"Alright, that was a soft ball, now, tell me what was your first girlfriend like?" Jeff pushed it, but Lizzie didn't seem to think twice about being open and honest with them.

"She was amazing, a beautiful bubbly blonde girl. She smelled like bubble gum I swear to God. I kissed her and it was just fun. It didn't end well though because she ended up going back to her ex-boyfriend. I was pretty pissed." Lizzie spilled not even caring what they thought. It wasn't a big secret after all, she had told Tomas about it and he said it was totally understandable that she was upset.

"Oh man, that's hot...how far did you go with her physically?" Jeff was way too interested in this.

"Her...we just made out a little. It wasn't till my second girlfriend that I got to feel that incredible heat." Lizzie closed her eyes at the last words sucking in her breath a little. Kerry and Jeff both leaned in enjoying the thought of Lizzie touching another woman the way they desperately wanted to touch her.

"Um...sorry...I'll ask something less intrusive. The heat cycle, are there any benefits to it?" Kerry tried to be nice and change the subject. He didn't know that she would be so open with her next answer.

"Oh, well, I can't get pregnant until I'm mated, so no need for condoms. That's something. I mean it didn't matter with chicks, but you know. I even tried condoms once with my first, but they just kind of disappear, so all bareback all the time if I wanted it. And, from what Tomas tells me, I can't really catch anything, so just free sex if I wasn't freaked out about the mating and what would happen." She answered.

"Holy shit." Jeff spoke without thinking, feeling himself get excited. 
