 Ch. 5

The last day started out like normal, with a faint knock signaling her to get dressed before she called out the okay for Jeff to come in with breakfast. He smiled as normal before sitting a small tray in front of her and then taking his leave. If there was one thing about Jeff that was clear it was that he kept his word.

Lizzie had told Kerry and Jeff the day before that she wouldn't be joining them for sparring or shooting. Today was set aside for her to make them a large dinner. She had them buy extra ingredients the weekend before when they went shopping just for this meal. Lizzie was intending to make lasagna and garlic bread complete with an apple and cherry pie for dessert. It was her way of thanking the two of them for what they had done. The remainder of her day was intended to finish up the two books she had been perusing from their shelves that talked a little about her becoming.

It was in those books only a few hours later that she discovered the answer to one question that had stuck with her for her entire life.

"Kerry, check this out. I think I'm translating this correctly from the Latin, and if I'm right this says that a Capsa is the product of a demon and an angel joining. It says it's very rare, and most do not live beyond birth." She lit up and handed the book to the man across the table. Lizzie had always wondered why the angels told her that she would never know about her parents. If this was true, then it was pretty obvious why.

Kerry looked over the volume intently, and a few minutes after picked his head up and looked into the hopeful eyes of Lizzie. She seemed to have found out her origin, and her hopefulness meant that was something she must have searched for a long time before.

"I get the same translation. Wow, so you are....well technically...not human." He said it and then studied her face for a reaction. They clearly knew that she was different, but breaking news like this could not be easy for her.

"Who's not human?" Jeff wandered in with a gun case in hand. It looked to be a few hundred years old from the wear pattern. He had been going through a shipment that was brought in the week before, and loving every minute of it. The details of where it came from were withheld from Lizzie, so she just had to admire each item as Jeff cleaned them on the library table before carefully cataloguing each.

"I guess I'm not." Lizzie sat down with the book, cursing the fact that the entry ended shortly after the discussion of how most Capsa died after birth.

"She found a little information in one of our books, and it seems to say that Lizzie is the daughter of an angel and a demon. Also, that she's pretty rare." Kerry smiled at Jeff hoping his sometimes slow counterpart wouldn't say something too offensive right now.

"Well, you know demons and angels are both usually in human bodies and a lot of them used to be humans, so you sort of still are human. I mean I'm guessing the anatomy is still the same." Jeff said it and smiled. Kerry sighed and rolled his eyes. How could he say something somewhat supportive and follow it with an idiot statement.

"Really Jeff? Since when do you care about my anatomy?" Lizzie shook her head and then raised her hand as his mouth opened once more. "Wait, don't answer that. Anyways, I think that makes sense. I mean the angels told me that I would never know and now I get why. I wonder if I can find out who my parents are though. Wow, this is crazy."

"You should tell Tom what you found. Maybe he can find out more if he starts digging. Oz might even be able to find stuff in his archives. There's usually some sort of cosmic signal when special births happen so we can just look around your birthdate, too." Kerry was immediately on his computer.

"Awesome. Oh crap, I have to go start food. Do you want to snack or something because dinner won't be ready until 6?" She bolted up with a smile on her face as she put the book back onto a shelf a few rows back.

"I'll make some sandwiches for a quick lunch." Jeff was up and joined her in the kitchen. 

*****************************

Lizzie spent the next few hours prepping and preparing dinner. She happily sang in the kitchen. Her time here had been amazing, and she learned so much. Plus, as the afternoon progressed, her heat slowly receded. It was so nice to feel normal again, even if it meant leaving her new found friends. She had known it was temporary, but still thought the day wouldn't come somehow. 

By 6, everyone was gathered around the table and marveling at the small feast she had prepared. Lizzie was quite proud of herself and accepted all the nice compliments the guys threw at her. It was relaxing to just enjoy them, especially since her sensitivity to their smell had gone and now she could take in the food in front of them.

After dinner, the two guys sat to watch TV, and Lizzie made her way to her room to start packing. She intended to leave fairly early in the morning. Tomas had checked in a few days before and agreed to pick her up whenever she called and take her home. Now, it was just a matter of gathering her things. As she packed her large duffle back, a soft knock came at her door.

"Come in, it's open." 

"Lizzie, are you packing up to go?" Jeff seemed bewildered as he watched her after coming in and shutting the door behind him. 

"Yeah, I'm not leaving until morning, but I figured I should get everything ready before I crashed out." She smiled at him as he stood taking in her movements. Lizzie was definitely going to miss having roommates that checked in on her.

"Oh, why are you heading out now?" 

"I'm not in heat anymore as of a few hours ago from what I can tell, thank God. I am heading back to my place, but if you don't mind, I might come back to the bunker next time. I like how safe it is and besides you guys managed to be gentleman for the most part." Lizzie smiled as she finished putting things into her bag. 

"Ah, I thought you smelled different at dinner. But, I was kind of hoping you would stick around, it's been fun having you here." Jeff furrowed his brow, grinning slightly as he looked at her and walked over to the bed where her duffle bag sat open.

"Hopefully, I still smell good!" She teased. Her smile widened. Fuck, he was still hot even without the smell right now. She almost wished she had let him have her in her heat, but she didn't want to risk it all for the interest.

"You still smell amazing, and still look irresistible to me." Jeff smirked as he talked. He was so sweet to her.

"Jeff, Jeff...Jeff. You are ever the flirt my dear. You know I can't go there. Besides, I'm pretty sure it would be awful given how inexperienced I am. Shit, I shouldn't have said that." Lizzie crinkled her face. Her overarching need to be honest made her want to smack herself in the forehead yet again.

"I'm not flirting, and I don't think for a second it would be awful. Honestly, I think you should experience it again before you discount it as a lost cause." Jeff had closed her door and suddenly she felt trapped in a room that was becoming far too warm.

"I will experience it sometime Jeff, but I will probably never enjoy it." Lizzie sighed, her mind drifting at how disappointing it was when she lost her virginity. 

"So, that's it, you are just going to wait until you imprint and nothing else, no one else? What if it's like ten more years? I mean, I get it, but I guess I just feel like you're missing out on the best part of life." Jeff sighed.

"Did you come in here to tell me I should get laid? You're too much. Besides, what are you going to do, show me how incredible sex with a man is? I don't think I'm meant to enjoy it Jeff. It's not my lot in life." Lizzie sighed. She had resigned herself to this fate a long time ago. Even the dalliances she had had with them over the past month hadn't convinced her it would be good.

"Well, I guess yea...I mean if you're willing to give it a try."

"Wait, what? Jeff, which question are you answering?" Something clicked in her brain -- she had asked two questions there and one had a lot more implications than she meant to put into it.

"Both, I think. Believe it or not, I'm willing to I guess take the chance that it sucks....you know if you are willing to take the chance that it's amazing. I'm still completely attracted to you even though you're not in heat." Lizzie's heart skipped a beat at his words. When his fingers touched her hand she titled her head up meeting those impossibly sexy green eyes.

"What? But, I haven't in so long...I mean. What?" Lizzie stammered unsure if she should take the chance or not. 

"We can go slow, Lizzie, I don't want to hurt you. I just want to show you......I guess one of the best things about being alive. And, I don't want you to leave here without taking my chance to be with you." Jeff's eyes made her pussy get wet this close. She could get lost in those. Her heart thundered in her chest. This was impossible right, Jeff wanting to show her what she had only imagined in dreams. 

"You don't have to force yourself to do this Jeff, I'm okay with my world. It's only missing a small piece. Plus, if it sucks I won't ever be able to come back for your help -- it will be weird." She was being practical, yes practical. Don't do this to yourself she thought. Lizzie knew better than to trust some gorgeous eyes and a beautiful body to mean that she would have a wonderful experience.

"Shit! That's not how I meant this to sound. I mean....I...I'm awful at this stuff. It wouldn't be forcing myself, not even close to it. And, you have my word, even if it is awful we never speak of it again. And without question, you can always count on us to protect you when you need it. Lizzie...I guess...oh fuck it!" Jeff gave up and grabbed the back of her head with both his hands pulling her to him for a kiss. 

His lips were impossibly soft and yet full of passion. Lizzie stood limp, being kissed like a school girl and tasting the bourbon and cherry pie on his tongue. She hummed softly as he continued his kissing. When he pulled back, his hands still held her head, hers were at her side. She was dumbstruck and breathing heavy. 

"Okay." She breathed out one word. 

"What?" Jeff looked puzzled, not sure if he heard her right.

Lizzie backed up one step and then walked around him to the door. She threw the lock so they would have privacy and walked back towards the bed. Her hands seized the bag from on top and threw it to the ground.

"I said, okay, show me what you got Jeff." With those words Lizzie approached him once more. 

He pulled the flannel off of his arms leaving him in his jeans and Motorhead t-shirt with those God awful grey tube socks on. He loved to walk around the bunker in those, sometimes she swore it was just so he could sneak up on her unannounced, unlike Kerry and the huge slippers that he wore around. 

His arms found her face again, pulling her mouth to his. This time she was more assertive enjoying the feel of his lips on hers. He was such an amazing kisser. So, far only one woman she had been with could top his passion, and he had not even used his tongue yet.

"Promise me it won't be weird for us after this, though." She smiled at him, needing just a little reassurance before plunging back onto those full pink lips again.

"It won't, if you promise me something."

"What?" She wasn't sure what he was about to ask, but just hoped it led her back to those lips.

"If anything hurts, tell me and if you aren't comfortable and want to stop, tell me." Jeff was so sincere, his eyes already filled with desire that she didn't understand given her now normal phase.

"Okay."

"I want to make you feel the way you look tonight...incredible." And with those sexy words his mouth was back on hers. Her arms moved up grabbing his biceps. They were so hard beneath her touch and her body responded to the feel of him. He smelled slightly of gunpowder and alcohol and that sweet old leather smell that the car always had. On top of it, though, was the familiar smell of him -- a muskiness that was unique to Jeff. She inhaled deeply allowing it to make her moisture pool in her panties. The scent wasn't as strong as it had been this morning, but still held her attention.

Lizzie pushed things to the next level then, parting her lips and allowing her tongue to nudge at his. He made his first noise, a small sound between a grunt and a sigh as he parted his lips so that their tongues could touch. Instantly, her mind demanded more. She let her hands fall to his hips grabbing at the hem of his t-shirt. 

He pulled his mouth away helping her raise the shirt up and over his head. He was back on her in an instant after discarding it somewhere behind him in the room. Her mind screamed out in desire as her hands explored every possible surface of his chest and back that she could reach, it was like Lizzie could not get enough of how he felt. His body was so hot to the touch, muscle only broken up by the occasional scar. 

When he stopped this time, he reached to the bottom of her tank top. She was suddenly struck by the fact that she was going to have to show Jeff her entire body. She was almost shy as he pulled up the edge of her shirt, and she raised her arms slowly allowing its removal. The light violet of her bra suddenly seemed like a stupid choice as she thought about how pale her skin was.

"God, you're beautiful." His sighed words followed by the touch of his insatiable mouth again had her moaning softly. His hands found the small of her back and then his mouth moved caressing her chin softly with kisses and finding her right ear which he pulled into his mouth lightly.

"Oh, Jeff." Lizzie couldn't help the sigh as he planted wet kisses and licks down the side of her throat. His fingers went to the button on her jeans freeing it. He moved so slowly as he unzipped them. She was so turned on already. 

"Your skin is so incredibly soft -- fuck Lizzie." His words seemed like a passing thought as he moved downward. His eyes were locked on hers as his fingers found their way inside her jeans to slowly push them down over her legs until they were bunched up on her feet. His hands eased each of her calves up removing her bare feet so that she stood in only her undergarments suddenly. 

As he stood back up, he let his fingers trace up the back of her legs making Lizzie want him even more. His mouth made its way up her neck from the other side now, stopping again at her earlobe before finding her lips again. She was happy to oblige the deeper kissing that he started now -- which coincidentally sky-rocketed him to being the best kisser Lizzie had ever been with.

Her fingers found his jeans, fumbling with his belt. He chuckled a little in the middle of kissing and his hands moved from her back to undoing his own belt. Her fingers then slid his button out of the hole and pulled his zipper down. His hands threw the jeans quickly to the floor before stepping out of them and his socks unceremoniously. 

It was then that Lizzie felt his hard cock against her, as he pulled her as close as she could be to him. His arms wrapped around her center pressing her chest to him. His hands seized her ass and Lizzie took the hint hopping slightly to wrap her legs up and around him. He walked the few steps to the bed laying her down gently.

"You doing okay?" He checked in sweetly.

"Yes," she whispered out. He held himself up on one arm at her side as she lay flat and somewhat rigid in her nervousness next to him. 

"Relax, you look gorgeous right now." He whispered into her ear before descending to her neck once more. Her hands slid into his hair as he kissed down her chest between her bra cups. He continued his descent as Lizzie tried to relax and enjoy his ever so wet kisses making their way towards the top of her panties. He allowed his nose to brush along them bringing a groan from her mouth as his breath caressed her clit through the shred of fabric.

Lizzie couldn't believe how amazing this felt. He was making her so excited, and then she realized he was lapping at the wet spot in her panties as he hooked his fingers into the waistband. The light purple fabric was peeled down her hips and agonizingly slowly over her legs until they joined the clothing pile at the end of the bed.

When Jeff returned to her mouth, she was flushed from her hairline down to her nipples. No one had ever been so eager to taste her, all of her girlfriends were bottoms, so she was used to doing the tasting. 

"You alright?" He paused looking at her. Lizzie could smell herself on his face, and it somehow made her want him more.

"Yea....uh-huh. That's just new for me, and I feel very naked right now." She panted the words out as his lips found hers again. 

"You're not naked yet. Lizzie, has a guy ever done this to you before?" His fingers found her clit, drifting over it slowly a few times.

"Yes, my first." 

"What about this?" Jeff's fingers came up to his mouth where he moistened them and then they disappeared down until she felt one ease into her wetness, filling her. Her head went backward at the touch. 

"No, but a woman has." 

"Fuck, baby, you're so wet. Unhhhhh....and tight." He moaned as if it was almost painful to feel her right now.

"That's what she said." Lizzie chuckled lightly as he rubbed over her g-spot a few times making her moan as her hand reached out to grab his forearm. 

"You know it's incredibly hot that you've been with chicks, right?" Jeff continued his slow assault on her body before introducing a second finger and making her gasp.

"I thought it was pretty hot to be with chicks too, but even that I haven't done in years. Oh, wow Jeff...what...oh." 

"That's it just focus on talking to me and feeling...just let your body feel what I'm doing." Jeff shifted his body against her leg; obviously more excited judging by the feel of his cock. He was whispering to her and it was easy to do what he said. Lizzie felt her body relax.

"Jeff, that's really good, please don't stop." He obliged continuing his motions at an agonizingly slow pace. Lizzie felt her pussy get wetter with each passing moment, and her temperature rise. She raised her right leg giving him better access.

"Has anyone ever tasted you here beautiful? Because, I really want to taste you." Jeff's hand pulled from her body as he leaned over her seizing her mouth once more. He loomed above her staring into her eyes and waiting for a response.

"No, no one has, and you don't have to....it's okay." Her words came out without a filter -- honesty was what she always gave, and now would be no different. Lizzie wouldn't force him to do something that she figured most men hated to do. She was so raw and open to him, beyond all of their conversations where she gave the intimate details of her life.

He paused moving his face so they were in direct eye contact and putting his hand on her cheek.

"Not even a chick has eaten you out? I thought chicks did that all the time." He smirked at her with his usual grin.

"I was the one tasting Jeff; I kind of enjoyed that part of women. And, then you know we did other stuff. I liked to watch them get off....at least the few I had the pleasure of."

"Okay, first of all that is so fucking hot. I mean, wow. Second, I enjoy that part of women too, so there's no forcing this. Plus, I'm pretty fucking amazing at it." Jeff grinned in his smugness. He leaned in passionately kissing her with full force. He nearly took her breath away.

"So, you like doing that? I thought we were just going to you know get right to it. That's what it was like the only other time I've done this with a man." She smiled at him.

"Baby, you weren't with the right guy. I want you nice and ready for me, plus I love watching women get off more than you do. I guarantee it. Let' s lose this first, so I can see all of you though." Jeff ran a hand around the bottom of her bra finding the clasp and releasing it behind her. He seemed to be quite the expert as he kissed her while pulling the strap free of one arm and shifting to slide the bra out from under the rest of her. Lizzie was suddenly completely naked in front of Jeff and somehow not embarrassed anymore.
