 After she left, their lives and hers returned to pretty much normal. Well, as normal as theirs lives could be. Jeff stopped once in a while to send her a text and check in as did Kerry. Her answers were always sweet and normal. She had apparently resumed her contract attorney work and that was that. It seemed as though nothing had been off between them, and both guys were thankful. After all, both men wanted to stay friends with her.

As much as everything was fine for Jeff, he still only had her on his mind when he jerked off. The sweet taste of her juices often came to mind when he ate pie after also, especially her cherry pie from the night before she left. He would often wonder if she tasted more like one fruit than another.

Kerry, while having not had the pleasure, still envisioned Lizzie when he had the time to jerk off and enjoy himself. He kicked himself for not taking advantage while she was in heat, and for assuming she would be around long enough for him to make a move. He had always been slower than his partner when it came to making moves on girls, and this time it had meant losing one that he really would have enjoyed having.

**********************

All went smoothly, until the end of September the following year. Call it a boy thing, but neither Kerry nor Jeff had kept track of exactly when Lizzie had been with them. If they had, they may have expected that her annual heat cycle would be on the horizon once again.

It was September 30th, when Lizzie realized that her scent was changing and she noted the different looks she had gotten at the supermarket. She knew it was coming, and expected it to start on the 1st or 2nd, so it really wasn't too much of a surprise. She grabbed a few items and headed back to her house, before it could attract too much attention. The vague look of desire from her neighbor on the way into her apartment reminded her of the danger on the horizon.

When she awoke the next morning, Lizzie's temperature was already up and her sheets slightly damp from the night's dreams. It was always this way on her first night, but never this strong. She would awake with dampness in her sheets and her pussy that was all too familiar.

She had already decided to ride this cycle out, not wanting to be a burden on the two men that were so kind last year. Last year, her cycle had started a day later, but with leap year she had been surprised somehow. A knock at the door roused her from her stupor.

"Who is it?" She asked as she approached to look out the door after throwing on a few items of clothing.

"It's me, Rob, your neighbor." Lizzie wasn't sure what was going on, but she figured she already asked who it was so now she was stuck.

She opened the door and there stood her young buck of a neighbor with a bouquet of daisies in his hand smiling.

"Oh, hi Rob, what's going on?" She tried to be nonchalant even though her core was on fire.

"I was just sitting at my apartment, and this morning I was thinking about you and how you probably needed some flowers as beautiful as you are in your house." Oh shit, she thought to herself. It had gotten so bad that Rob could smell her from the apartment next door.

"Thanks, Rob, but you didn't have to. Can we catch up some other time? I was about to head out for work." She forced a smile. Rob, unfortunately, smelled of day old booze and a greasy breakfast as he stood in front of her. The smell of man was beneath it, but not enough to overcome it at all. Although, given enough desperation, who knew.

"Why don't you have me in now, and we can get to know each other better." Rob's words confirmed her fears that her heat this time was much worse than last year. He had only hit on her once as they passed in the hallway. The trouble, of course, had been the demons and other beings that could smell her last year and why she had run to the bunker in the first place. She didn't want to be taken and mated to one of them.

Tomas had saved her then taking her to the two men that could keep her safe from it all. And they had, the interlude with Jeff after her cycle being the only time that either had cracked, and that didn't really count.

If Rob could smell her from the other apartment though, this was going to be too much for her to stay here. The other things that go bump in the night would surely be smelling her already.

"Rob, not a good time, sorry, go home." Lizzie slammed the door in his face after taking the flowers and ran to her room starting to pack. She paused only for a second to send Jeff a text"

"Jeff, heat's on, can I come stay again? It seems like I might need the seclusion?" 

Lizzie continued packing, assuming they would help out. A few minutes later and she was not disappointed.

"No problem, come to the bunker, Kerry is there. I'm on a hunt for some items with Oz, but I'll let Kerry know to expect you and you can text him when you get there. Should be like 2 hours right?" Jeff's text was welcome and made her sigh with relief. Like it or not those boys had saved her ass last year, and it appeared she would need saving once more.

"Thanks - yea 2 hours." 

**********************

Two hours later with two suitcases in her trunk and a laptop bag she pulled up to the bunker. A parking spot in the trees next to it meant her car was hidden from easy sight and then she texted Kerry.

"Hey, outside, can you come help with my bags?" Lizzie was almost safe and felt her heartrate coming down already. She had already stopped to get herself off once on the way here, so that she wouldn't be coming into the bunker in full heat for poor Kerry. Last year he had almost cracked a few times, but never allowed himself to go too far. She didn't want to put him in a bad position this time.

No response came on text, but a tap on the window startled her from her thoughts. She opened the door and there was Kerry.

"Hi Kerry, it's so good to see you." She didn't even think about it and wrapped her arms around his neck, which still required a reach even though she had her 4 inch heels on. 

"Whoa, Lizzie, you are in full on heat huh? I mean it's good to see you, but oh my God you smell so good." Kerry pressed against her body inhaling deeply.

"Shit, I'm sorry Kerry, I just missed you guys. Here, help me with my bags and we'll just ignore the tent pole." Kerry had a full bulge after hugging her and he couldn't hide it. It was nice that Lizzie had a good sense of humor about it all though. He remembered last time and the running joke of how many boners each guy had gotten just from touching her. He supposed she was used to the reaction in men, but it still made him somewhat embarrassed.

"I guess that didn't take long, my bad. Should we start the tally again this year? I think Jeff won for highest number last year. Yeah, bags and we'll go inside." Kerry grabbed the two suitcases leaving her with only a laptop case and escorted her to the bunker door. 

Once inside, the door was locked and she felt a sense of security wash over her. Kerry, on the other hand, immediately felt the bunker fill with her energy. He had nearly forgotten how powerful her presence had been when she was in heat. His body had clearly remembered though.

She glanced around the rooms as he watched her. He scanned the way her short sleeve green shirt clung to her shoulders and tits and how her waist melted perfectly into the black skirt she had on. He followed the line of her legs from her skirt, noting that she wore no hosiery underneath. Her black high heels completed the look, and before he knew it she stood staring back at him while he thoughtlessly rubbed at the bulge in his jeans.

"Fuck...I...let me take you to your room and then, I need a little time out, sorry about that Lizzie, but you know." He was embarrassed again. He didn't remember it being so strong that he resorted to touching himself in front of her, but he somehow had to this time. Could her essence have become stronger? Had he not been with anyone for that long, he could hardly work it out with the smell of her so close. 

Lizzie followed Kerry down the corridor, admiring how he shuffled in his slippers, noting the broadness of his shoulders. Her heat was definitely stronger this year as she eyed him from behind. By the time they made it to her room at the far end of the corridor as far from the guys' rooms as possible she had soaked through her panties and didn't know if staying here was such a good idea. Of course, staying in a safe bunker with only two men, who were definitely human was a way better idea than staying in the world with hundreds too close for comfort - and not all human at that.

"Here you go, just you know make yourself at home and I'll be in my room for a few minutes and then we can maybe do lunch. Jeff'll be back in a day or two." Kerry was nervous and she looked down to see the full outline of his straining cock. 

A few minutes went by as Lizzie unpacked her bags loading them into the all too familiar dresser in the room. Hanging up what needed to be in the small wardrobe and adding her shoes to that mix. Once done, she sat for a minute considering if she should change or stay in her more professional attire to go eat. She normally wouldn't have worn this, but a quick trip to the courthouse was required on her way over, and afterwards she sped over.

As she plugged in her laptop charger a smell entered her nostrils that halted her in the middle of a turn to get her cell phone. It was the smell of a man. Not just any smell, but a man in the middle of sex. The smell was unmistakable. Her heart beat sped up. It was during her heats that her heightened sense of smell would overtake her. She could smell anyone whose pheromones were increased, which of course seemed to happen when they were having sex, pleasuring themselves, or even having a sex dream. Last year she had a towel that was stuffed under her door at night and she knew not to be near the showers anytime the boys were in them just in case.

Now, though, she smelled a man in the midst of his own pleasure and it made her groan at the thought. Her mind flashed immediately to Kerry, who had been so nice in helping her in and so embarrassed by his body's reaction to her. She knew exactly what she smelled then. It was Kerry pleasuring himself in a room at the other end of the corridor, and it was intoxicating. 

She stood still, hoping to convince herself to stay in her room long enough so that his energy would dissipate. Lizzie began to pace as the smell increased and a drop of her own wetness rolled down her engorged pussy to join the puddle in her panties.  

This year had been a change, in that she had no illusions about it being so bad to be with a man. Lizzie had not ventured enough to try out other guys after Jeff, but she had become more adventurous in playing with herself. Unfortunately, it also meant that she knew what her body was capable of and how good sex could really be. Now, she was pacing quicker and quicker across her floor and flashes of Kerry stroking his cock came into her mind. 

Before she even realized it, she was turning her door knob and exiting her room, heading right where she shouldn't go. As she neared his room, she heard faint grunting and knew her suspicions were right. It made her blood almost boil as she stood just one door away from seeing him. Her hand was no longer her own as she turned the knob and strode in. 

There he was in all his glory. Kerry was sitting at his computer, his shirt was completely off, and his jeans and boxers were around his ankles as he watched porn. His hand was lightly moving up and down his shaft as he watched some girls on the screen. She froze there, watching him and then he groaned a little, whispering her name.

"Kerry." Lizzie let the word slip.

"Oh, shit, Lizzie...I..." Kerry turned away and slammed his computer shut. He knew he had been caught but couldn't really hide what was going on right now.

Lizzie walked over, past the point of no return. Once next to him, she stopped and looked down admiring his cock at full attention, only partially hidden by his hand.

"Turn and face me." Her words were firm and Kerry turned on full display for her. Once he was looking at her, she was almost his height. The sheer size of Kerry sometimes surprised her, but now it seemed like a perfect thing.

Lizzie took his face in her hands and seized Kerry's lips with her own. His hands left his cock and grabbed her sides as she held his face there. She kept kissing him allowing it to relieve some of her tension as she stood in front of him. Kerry reveled in the kiss letting their tongues work together as they both made faint noises. 

"I'm sorry I couldn't help it, you smell so good." Kerry moaned his words out in a low tone as Lizzie kissed along his chin and onto his throat. 

"Shut up and take off my panties." Kerry didn't hesitate once the words were out. His hands slid up the back of her legs grasping on the red cotton fabric and pulling them downward. When they reached beneath her knees she lifted one heel placing her hand on his shoulder. He slid her panties over her shoe. She changed to balance on the other foot then allowing him to fully remove the fabric.

"Fuck, you're so wet." Kerry's eyes were staring at her panties as he held them in his hand. The crotch of her panties was two shades darker than the rest - clearly soaked through by her body.

"Say no and I'll walk away - you can keep them to finish." Lizzie was breathing impossibly heavy. Her body needed her to act on her desires. The heat had taken over and now her head was bowed low as she stood there waiting on the sexy man to respond. 

He said nothing, instead shoving her soaked panties into his mouth. Kerry tasted her for the first time, and his mind reeled. She tasted of honey with a hint of saltiness. His tongue danced on the dampened fabric as her eyes lit up.

Lizzie's breath caught in her throat as she watched him. She was impossibly wet and needed him inside of her now. Kerry reached out grabbing her towards him by her hips and she picked her knees up obliging him as she straddled his lap on the desk chair. Pulling herself upward slightly as she stared into his hazel eyes, she let her hand slide down seizing his cock and aligning it with her dripping pussy. 

Her descent was slow as she adjusted to yet another large man entering her. It was definitely clear that Kerry and Jeff had enough length and girth to make any girl need to adjust. The familiar burning and stinging was less than with Jeff the year before, perhaps because she had been enjoying her body throughout the past year. Once he was fully inside, she felt better instantly - her heat starting to be quenched. 

Kerry moaned with her at the feeling, and when she started to move the change from discomfort to pleasure was much quicker than it had been with Jeff. She stared at him eye to eye with her red panties gripped in his teeth in front of her. Her body did not let her enjoy slow movements for long as she felt the pleasure increasing. Kerry's hands gripped her ass helping to facilitate her movement and keeping her skirt nicely up and out of their way. Lizzie moved faster and faster, and soon couldn't take it anymore and grasped the panties in his mouth.

"Drop." She commanded him like a dog, not for any reason other than she could barely muster that word with her heavy breathing. Kerry let the fabric go and she tossed them to the side as she pressed her mouth to his, hard. Their tongues eagerly fought with each other as they groaned with each movement. Kerry's hands soon grabbed her shirt pulling it upward and over her head before going back to kissing her. Her white cotton bra exposed to him he started pawing at her breasts the best way he could.

"Oh, Lizzie fuck, that's so good...uhhhh." His mouth pulled from hers he made quick work of her bra clasp and she let her arms drop for an instant freeing her breasts as he whisked her bra off of her and onto the floor. His mouth instantly grabbed her right nipple with his hand firmly holding it in place, and her head was forced backwards with a groan. 

"Oh, Kerry, yes, oh suck hard." She moaned out the words as his other hand gripped onto her hip even harder. Lizzie's body moved faster rocking against him and allowing his cock to come out and in just a few inches with every thrust. As she continued they changed from words to only grunts. Each thrust sent a new shockwave through her.

"Uh God, too good..." She breathed between movements.

"Cum for me Z...please God cum for me." He growled out as his hand went from her breast to entwine in her hair pulling her face to his. They kissed feverishly until she couldn't breathe anymore and pulled back. Her forehead rested against his and she continued thrusting her body, feeling the inevitable orgasm just a few movements away.

"Uh...Uh...I'm...uh...uh...AHHHHHH...GODDDDD...YESSS!" The tightness in her body burst from every seam as her nails dug into Kerry's shoulders. She opened her eyes half way through to look into his face as her jaw hung slack. 

"OH FUCK!!" Kerry came as she watched his face seize up. He had only made two thrusts into her beyond her orgasm's start and he pulsed inside as his hands held her to him in a death grip. He grunted through his orgasm as she whimpered with each new thrust into her calming body.

When both had subsided they stayed locked breathing together. Her body felt sated for the first time in so long, and the heat seemed to gradually be fading from her. 

"I'm so sorry Kerry." Breathlessly she whispered to him as she pulled her face back from his.

"What?" Kerry was bewildered as he spoke.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to um take advantage." She suddenly realized that she had essentially ambushed a masturbation session and then hopped on him to fuck him. 

"Hey, no apologies, you can't force the willing." He smiled the boyish grin that she remembered from their talks about sex the year before. He always seemed just a little embarrassed when they talked about sex of any kind.

"I know, but you were trying to not..." He pulled her in for a kiss cutting her off mid-sentence. 

"I was trying to not jump you, but I definitely have wanted to for a while now. And, fuck, it was even better than I thought it would be. I'm sorry it didn't last longer, but you know...fuck.," a small blush creeped into his cheeks.

Lizzie chuckled a little, "well, this one will be awkward to get out of." 

"Um, let me help." Kerry's erection had receded enough so he shifted and it released from her body before he grabbed her against him in his enormous arms and stood up. Lizzie allowed her legs to release and find the ground.

"Thanks, now if you'll excuse me, I need a minute in the bathroom before lunch." 

"Sure, and by the way, I like you in heels it's easy to kiss you." Kerry leaned down giving her a sweet kiss before she grabbed her shirt and bra and left his room.

****************************

A few minutes later, and they both sat at the table in the kitchen over some burritos Kerry had put together quickly. 

"So, how have you been this last year other than 'ok' like you said in your texts?" Kerry finally broke the awkward silence.

"I've been doing good, you know still doing some contract legal work and then enjoying some life in between the craziness. How have you and Jeff been?" 

"We've been good, you know the usual top secret crazy weird stuff, and trying to have some fun here and there. We both missed you when you left...you could have stayed you know." He looked at her imploring.

"I know, but I didn't want to make things awkward, plus I guess I'm different when I'm not in heat, not quite as alluring and all." She smiled taking a big bite of her meal.

"I have to say you still smell good, but it's not as overpowering right now, does that always happen after...you know."
