 She awoke the next morning to silence, and could feel the heat already rising in her body. The sheets weren't soaked thank God, but she had slept naked so that she wouldn't ruin another pair of underwear. She pulled on her pajamas next to the bed - a small black tank-top and short shorts with hearts on them -before moving toward the door. She had a second thought though before leaving and pulled on the light grey robe she had before making her way to the kitchen in her bare feet. The cold of the stone hallway soothed her somehow as she was pleasantly surprised to not be overwhelmed by the male scent.

When she reached the kitchen she found a box of fruit loops on the table with a note, thus explaining the lessened male scent.

"J,

There's milk in the fridge. I had to run out for groceries and I thought I would give you some time alone. I'll be back around 1 or 2 with lunch, so until then the bunker's yours.

Kerry."

That was so nice of him. Lizzie immediately discarded the robe, enjoying her alone time was definitely a plus to be so far from other men. It was only 10, so she had plenty of time to just veg before showering and having to worry about how close she could come to Kerry. She had slept well the night before, which was a welcome change and maybe a side effect of two orgasms in one day. She ate her cereal and made her way back to her room to get her cell phone and speaker. 

Not an hour later, she was perusing the bookshelves in the library with her speaker cranked up, blaring Metallica through the dusty halls. She was singing so loud as she danced around that she didn't even hear the bunker door open. 

***************************

Jeff opened the bunker door and heard music that sounded vaguely familiar. After making his way down the stairs and through the entry room, he realized it was Hit the Lights blaring from the library. He figured Lizzie was forcing Kerry to enjoy the music they both loved, which made him smile. 

He was greeted with her smell when he entered, but was willing to chance it as he hadn't seen her since the night they made love. The sight he beheld made him question his decision not to jerk off before coming home. 

There was Lizzie in a black tank-top with little red hearts on it. She wore no bra and as she leaned over the library table with her back to him, the shirt hung loose allowing him to see her skin to almost her tits. The tiniest of shorts covered her bottom as he leaned slightly to take in the picture of her ass exposed ever so slightly as they rode up. The intoxication of her smell and seeing her overwhelmed him and his cock sprang to life. 

He stood transfixed as his eyes examined every curve on her. Each scar and small tattoo was exactly where he remembered, and with her hair up in a bun he could easily see the flat purple butterfly shaped mark on the back of her neck where she would one day be imprinted. He dropped his bag without thinking creating a loud thud, which caused her to turn around suddenly.

Lizzie heard the sound and turned around instantly. There he stood, in all his glory. Jeff looked incredible. His flannel had been discarded on his bag - the usual red shade that played so well with his eyes. He had brown boots on with light faded jeans secured by a brown belt. The Iron Maiden shirt on his chest clung to his muscles. Then, she noticed the obvious bulge in his pants and felt herself get wet instantly. The night with Jeff had never left her mind this year, often fueling her own masturbation sessions. He had been incredible and made her want more.

"Hey Jeff." Her hands clutched the edge of the table behind her; she hadn't used her vibrator yet this morning, thinking she would before her shower. Kerry wouldn't be home for at least two more hours. The smell of Jeff drifted through the air. His scent was much deeper and richer than Kerry's. It made her blood boil, and all she could think was how she could escape this stifling room so that she didn't make things awkward.

"Hey." Jeff said gruffly before striding towards her at full steam. His hands finding her face so his mouth could seize hers. She didn't hesitate kissing him back; it had been something she missed all year. His mouth was ravenous, making it clear that he too had thought of her throughout the year. 

They kissed and kissed growing more and more violent with each moment. Jeff grabbed her ass cheeks lifting her up and sitting her on the library table. He brushed his arm across behind her as he lay her down. Books flew off the table and across the floor. Metallica funneled through her ears around the blood pulsing as Jeff kissed down her neck. He continued his slow descent as she writhed on the table grasping at his hair.

No words came from either of them as he grabbed the hem of her shorts pulling them off quickly and exposing her sex to him completely. She was suddenly thankful to not be wearing panties. Jeff grabbed the chair closest to him pulling it out and sat down while still firmly holding her hips in his grasp. Lizzie tried to sit up only to feel a strong hand push her back down from the center of her chest. Jeff's mouth was on her then. His breath across her pussy sending shivers through her. 

She looked down seeing Jeff's eyes full of hunger and lust between her thighs. His tongue made a sweep across her pussy gathering the moisture that he had created just by being in the room. He was ravenous as he licked and sucked her on every surface he could find. She moaned grabbing at his hair, enjoying that it was about an inch longer than last year. He was focused on his task staring at her even as she gaped and cried out. Her orgasm approached rapidly as his teeth nibbled lightly at her clit. His fingers were not even involved yet as he gorged himself on her pussy. 

"Oh, Jeff...I'm...oh...UNHHHHHHHH!" She screamed out as her eyes slammed shut forcing her to see little white lights in the darkness of her eyelids -her body clenching and pulsing hard. Jeff paused letting her ride her orgasm out before he was back on her again. This time he slid a finger inside finding her g-spot instantly as if they had been together only the day before. 

"I forgot how good you taste...so sweet." Jeff mused to himself as he continued his exploration. Her body was already rising towards another release as he continued. He was truly gifted at this, he had been correct about that. What did she expect though; he had been the one to show her she was multi-orgasmic. 

Lizzie heard an odd noise somewhere in the distance as Jeff thrust a second finger into her blocking out her ability to hear anything but the music and her throbbing heartbeat. Her back arched from the table as Jeff sucked at her clit with no mercy. 

"Oh God, Jeff...I'm gonna cum again...oh God...YESSSS!!" She gripped his hair holding his mouth to her. He again paused in his movements watching her pussy pulse in front of his face. When she began to come down, she expected him to be done, but she was very much mistaken as his fingers started moving inside of her once more. His scent suddenly increased making it all the more intoxicating to be with him like this. 

"Fuck you're so sexy when you cum...I wanna make you cum forever." His voice, full of lust, was replaced with groaning as he lowered himself back to her body. His tongue again explored her folds as she panted. Somewhere in her mind she knew why his scent had increased, he was rubbing his own cock beneath the table. The sound she had heard was his belt and zipper before. The thought of him doing this while eating her out had her quickly approaching another release.

"Oh Jeff...it's too much, I'm...AHHHHH!" A scream erupted from her as her abs clenched pulling her upward before she fell back to recover. 

"Baby...fuck...I can't." Jeff stood suddenly pulling his fingers from her body and there he was in all his glory. His hand was stroking his rock hard cock above her pussy. His other hand caught him, planting on the table to hold him up, as he stroked his cock more and more quickly. 

"Oh God yes baby...cover me in cum...please." She begged at him, and he obliged only a few seconds later shooting cum up her stomach. He continued thrusting into his hand pouring more and more across her body. She moaned feeling another release coming as she watched him. The heat from his cum searing her flesh where it touched and making her want so much more. 

Lizzie couldn't wait, reaching down she took some of Jeff's cum from her stomach and traced it across her lips. She licked there even as she reached her other hand down to her throbbing clit. She stared up at her Jeff, and rubbed herself in circles trying to get to her next explosion. His now relaxed face watched her as her back arched again and she screamed out his name. The deep contractions of yet another release left her panting as she let her hands fall to her sides. 

"Holy shit, I missed you." He was breathless as he leaned down pulling her up to him and kissing her mouth with full force. 

"I missed you too, Jeff." He held her tight against him for what seemed like forever.

"Jeff, I should go shower, I'm sort of covered in cum." He pulled back allowing her to hop off the table.

"Uh, yeah, I guess I need to change my shirt at least. I'll see you in a couple minutes?" 

"Yea, Kerry should be back in a bit and then we can all do lunch. Is Oz here?" She asked gathering her shorts up and wiping herself to some extent.

"No, he and I split up after the retrieval mission. Can I talk to you while you shower?" 

"Oh, sure, I guess it's nothing you haven't seen before."

************************

"So, your, uh, scent is stronger this year I think. I figured I would make it more than a few minutes with you. It seems to have dissipated now though."

They had exchanged the pleasantries and caught up on a few stories as Lizzie showered with Jeff leaning a few feet away against the wall. He could only see her face over the stall, but it at least allowed them to catch up. Thank God she had brushed her teeth before Jeff came back, because that kissing would have been tarnished.

"Yea, it is a lot stronger this year, I mean my neighbor could smell me from his apartment. That's what made me decide I had to ask you for help. I hope you don't mind." 

"Never, you can always ask us for anything. What's with the lowered scent now though? I remember you having ups and downs before, but still always at a pretty high level."

"Oz researched that a little and it looks like a moment of peak pleasure - an orgasm - takes the levels down to tolerable. I suppose it makes sense. And, well four will definitely do a good job in making it go away. Don't worry, I didn't exactly tell Oz why I was asking."

"Happy to oblige - you taste even better than I remember. Wait...I thought you were jerking off last year, and that took the edge off, is it different with another person?"

"Apparently, I mean yesterday it was pretty low for a few hours before it got bad again. I mean..." She stopped opening her eyes to look at him. This was not how she wanted to tell him about her and Kerry, but that stupid open honesty that was her strong suit had shot her in the ass once again.

"Yesterday? You mean when you came here or...wait...with Kerry?" Jeff stuttered, a look somewhere between hurt and anger came into his eyes.

"Yes, Jeff, with Kerry. My heat was crazy...and...it happened, and then it sort of happened again later."

"Are you kidding me? That is not an accident, and what do you mean sort of...eww. You're fucking kidding me. I had my partner's leftovers today? You're a fucking whore, goddammit." Jeff's face grew red and he stormed out of the shower room.

Lizzie's heart sank for a second, his words hit her like a hammer. That fucker had the nerve to call her a whore! Jeff was the biggest man whore in the world! As much as she cared for Jeff and adored his personality, that stupid impulsive child in him was a part she could do without. She finished her shower and made her way back to her room to get dressed. Once she was done, she pulled out a book and started to read, not wanting to even deal with the idiot she just encountered.

***********************

Kerry came into the library of the bunker just in time to see Jeff coming out of the kitchen with a beer in hand. He was obviously angry about something. Kerry put the bags of groceries on the kitchen counter and followed Jeff to the library.

It was then he noticed the books strewn across the floor. Jeff was angrily gathering them while still holding his beer in one hand. He looked around puzzled before it dawned on him that Jeff came home to Lizzie with no warning and she had been in full on heat this morning. He could smell her through her door as she slept before he left; it must have been quite the shock even knowing she would be here given the intensity of her this year.

"Jeff? You okay?" Kerry asked him, not sure what to expect from his partner.

"Okay? No, I'm not fucking okay. I bet you're okay, though, after fucking my girl yesterday - twice sort of." Jeff put a whiny intonation on the last words. He could be such a child sometimes. 

"Your girl? You mean Lizzie? I would hardly say she's your girl. You were with her what once and then you texted a few times? That doesn't make her your girl Jeff. And both times for me were yesterday."

"Well, I was with her first, so you...you...ya know you just don't do that to a guy." Jeff was dialed up to an insane amount.

"Well me liking her last year didn't stop you from fucking her, but I didn't flip out on you."

"That was different, because I didn't know you liked her, and now I was with her."

"Jeff you're such an ass. It was no different, and she's made clear she is no one's girl. Maybe she wants to fuck me now, is that so hard to believe that maybe she would want me instead?" Kerry was frustrated with his partner and his every girl wants me routine.

"I just wish I had known that she switched to you before I came back, because...well I wouldn't have touched her today." With his last words he gestured to the library table.

"What did you guys... oh God... on the library table? We work there Jeff. Anyways, it's not like she doesn't shower. Wait, though, she was with you today? Fuck, is that why her smell is so low? I thought she left or something." Kerry suddenly realized he could barely smell Lizzie in the bunker. He remembered that she said the orgasm is what lowered her smell, and a bit of him was jealous thinking she might have had more than one orgasm with Jeff making her smell even fainter. 

"It wasn't full on sex, but like sort of. Yeah, she's still here, but it almost killed her scent after four, so... " Jeff looked at Kerry and smirked, "Oh, you didn't give her four did you? Yep still got it." Jeff's obnoxiousness showed through clearly right now.

"You are an ass you know that. I hope you didn't insult Lizzie. It's not like we are dating or anything you know, and it's not that weird given that she's in heat and all." Kerry tried to smooth things over, as he wondered what his ass of a partner had said to her. Jeff could be pretty hurtful sometimes when his pride was stung.

"I guess I get it man, you couldn't stop yourself, but twice?" He looked at Kerry with a pained expression.

"Well, one and then just you know like touching in the hallway."

"Eww...okay, that's enough. I want to be able to walk around here not thinking about you and her everywhere. I suppose if you promise that won't happen again, I can forgive you." Jeff resigned himself to being okay with Kerry, still not sure what he would do about the girl he thought he was falling in love with.

"You mean like how I won't be able to work at the table anymore. Jeff, I'm not going to promise you anything. We have an incredibly sexy woman in our bunker in full on heat. I wanted her not in heat, so I don't know what's going to happen. And, you don't exactly have your name on her, she can choose who she wants to be with. Don't make it weird."

"Fuck, I already have, I fucking called her a whore...I am an ass." He chugged the last of his beer and headed down the hallway towards Lizzie's room.

He stopped dead in his tracks when he reached her door. He could hear her crying on the other side of the door, and he realized he had done that to her - him and his stupid ego. The emotional thing was not his forte, but he sure as hell had to make this better. Jeff tapped lightly on the door.

"Go away, I want to be alone." Her words made him kick himself in the ass standing in the doorway.

"Lizzie, it's Jeff, can I come in and talk?"

"No, I'll be out for lunch when Kerry gets back."

"He's already back; can I please talk to you first though?" He was begging as he stood there.

"Fine, come in." He opened the door looking up at her as he ducked his head down in some semblance of shame.

"Look, I...um...I didn't mean to call you a whore, it' s just..." He stammered.

"You meant to call me a whore. You don't get it do you? I never wanted to even deal with sex until I was imprinted. Then, you come along and tell me you'll show me how good it is, and here I am now with a stronger heat and I know what helps. Plus you have the nerve to call me a whore - you're a fucking man slut yourself. You hit everything with tits all over the country, Oz told me. I sleep with 6 people in my whole life and you think I'm a whore. Fuck you Jeff!" 

"Shit." Jeff slumped down into the desk chair in front of him. "You're right. What can I say? I'm an ass sometimes, I don't think before the words come out of my mouth."

"I don't care what you think of me, you know. I have dealt with this for most of my life now. I have to know that I will only find one man or male whatever and I will be claimed by him, that's my destiny. I finally find some enjoyment out of this whole situation and you are going to judge me for it? I think I'm just going to leave Jeff. I can't stay here and deal with your idiocy." 

"I'm sorry, Lizzie. Don't leave, though. We can get past this, so long as you just choose one of us I think it'll be okay." 

"Choose one of you? Fuck you, is that what you and Kerry came up with?" Lizzie blew past Jeff heading for the kitchen where Kerry's scent came from. Her mind was racing at the thought of these two men who had been her protectors suddenly claiming her in some sort of prize fighting competition.

"Hey Lizzie, I brought home sandwiches for lunch." Kerry smiled at her as he turned, then his face fell as he saw her expression.

"Did you really participate in this choose which of you gets to fuck me contest with your idiot partner?" She fumed at him.

Jeff appeared in the kitchen then and Kerry gave him a look of apology.

"No, I did not. I told Jeff that whoever you decide to be with is your choice and no one should be claiming you. Look, I think what Jeff said was wrong, but I don't know if we can survive you being with both of us."

"Survive? You know what you two, fuck you both! I can fuck or do whatever with whomever I want to, and right now I certainly don't want it with either of you guys. How can men turn into stupid boys so fast? I mean what is the big deal? I'm not asking for a three way, and I'm not going from one of you to the other in some sort of swapping thing. I figured maybe we could be adult enough to let me get what I needed or frankly decide not to get it and just have some protection from the millions of other idiots out there with dicks."

"Lizzie, look, hang on. I know you're pissed, and you have every right to be. You're right, you're not meat or something to be claimed. You have protection for however long you need it." Kerry was even in his words dialing her anger down somewhat.

"Kerry's right, we're both overreacting. It's just a little different, and something we have to deal with. We've dealt with weirder stuff. You definitely should stay, and we will protect you. Whoever you do or do not decide to...mess with is your choice." Jeff chimed in.
