 Her release from the morning meant she felt free to dress how she wanted opting for jeans and a tank top to work on her motion at the library table after a quick shower. It was nice to be back in the bunker, with the quiet that seemed to be there. The partners were involved in research of their own and all 3 found themselves at the table where Jeff had taken her the day before.

It was late afternoon by the time Lizzie felt the heat start to creep back up in her. At first, it was just enough to break her concentration, so she stopped and started to listen to the guys. She figured since yesterday the two were turned off of her and she could count on them not succumbing to her rising scent. 

"I really think that's what this is Jeff...I mean we've dealt with werewolves before." Kerry was so sexy when he stood up to his partner like that. She loved it when his brow furrowed.

"It sounds more like a shape shifter to me; I mean it doesn't just come out during the full moon."

"Maybe it's a pureblood."

"No, because at least two people said it was a regular sized dog."

"Hang on, it could be a hybrid right? I mean they could mate, couldn't they?" Lizzie spoke up standing and walking over to Jeff's side to look into the book he had opened on the table. 

"You might be onto to something Lizzie. I mean Jeff if it was hybrid then it might be shapeshifting from its werewolf form to other animals. It would explain the weird marks and such on everyone."

"Whoa, Lizzie, you smell, I mean, I...Kerry we can pick this up later, I need to go wash Stella." Jeff jumped out of his seat and walked out of the room, the bulge in his pants giving Lizzie the obvious reason.

"Lizzie, you probably should avoid tank tops like that if we are going to be around each other a lot." Kerry's eyes stared down the neck of her shirt as she leaned over the book still from where Jeff left the room. 

"Shit, I thought you guys were done with me and that me cumming before I left my room this morning would be enough. Are you going to run off now, too?" 

"I should, but honestly I'm a little embarrassed to get up from the table. He's right though your scent is incredible right now, and the thought of you in your room this morning...is definitely not helping." Kerry sighed as his hand fell to his lap, taking a single rub over his crotch to ease his growing erection.

"No worries, Kerry, I'll go to my room for a while." Lizzie stood up, walked over grabbing her laptop and left the room heading down the hallway. In another few moments she was lying on her bed, trying to calm her mind. She was trying to avoid using her vibrator and trying to think of anything not sexy. 

A few minutes of that was all she could do before she pulled the purple wand from the drawer next to her pillow. She pulled her pants down to mid-thigh and her panties after them. Her hand held the vibrator in place as she slowly ground her hips into the bed, burying her face in the pillow. The heat was proving to be incredibly strong this year. 

Her rhythm soon became steady and she was starting to climb towards her release. The sound of her door opening caused her to stop her efforts instantly turning towards it. There was Jeff flushed in the face breathing heavy. He had on cutoff Jean shorts and a blue t-shirt. His shorts held back his erection, but were strained to do so.

"I was on the way to wash Stella, but your smell...and now...fuck." 

"Well either leave or close the door and come help ya dolt." She was frustrated and channeling Oz suddenly. All she needed was to get off and this was preventing it. Plus, she was certainly not putting on a show for Jeff's spank bank. 

Jeff turned in the doorway, and Lizzie was almost positive he was going to leave. He hesitated and then did the exact opposite closing the door and throwing the lock on it before turning and walking towards the bed. He undid his button as he came nearer and paused behind her as he dropped his shorts and boxers to the floor stepping out of them. 

Lizzie froze, waiting for him to make the next move, her vibrator still held to her clit made the wait almost intolerable. His hands found her calves, making their way up her legs until he hit the exposed flesh of the back of her thighs, which he grabbed in both hands.

She felt his tongue lick along her from clit to asshole, making her groan. Jeff continued his movements until his breath was on the back of her exposed neck hovering over her mark. It was incredibly sensitive almost like a second clit, and his breath there had her moaning. 

"Don't stop what you were doing." His words came out in a husky voice. His cock pressed into her ass as he spoke letting the weight of his body move over her causing her to lie back onto her stomach. She felt his hand on her ass, as he parted her thighs. The head of his cock followed to prod at her entrance. She paused long enough in her motions on the vibrator for Jeff to push himself inside until his hips were flush with her ass cheeks. 

A low groan escaped them both in unison. Her body lit up at the feeling of him inside of her again. She moaned as her hips shifted her clit along the vibrator once more. Jeff moaned in response as she felt her body clench on him. His tongue caressed her mark as they moved together causing her to moan even louder. 

"Don't...oh God." Her words escaped with a moan following as she felt her orgasm building.

"Don't what baby?" Jeff's arm snaked around and under her taking the vibrator from her hand. He held it firm against her clit as her arm shot out to grab onto the sheets. Both hands now fisted in those sheets and as Jeff started to use the vibrator and his own cock to hold her body in place.

"Don't bite it...oh fuck Jeff, I'm gonna cum...oh fuck...OH FUCKKKKK!" She screamed out as her pussy exploded from the inside and out. Jeff stilled letting her throb around him. 

"I won't unless you ask me to." With those words he opened his mouth placing lips over the edges of her mark and letting his tongue play on it. 

"Oh God, that feels so good. Fuck me harder please. Oh please Jeff." She groaned at him in desperation. His mouth and his body making her want so much more.

Jeff released the vibrator, leaving it on the bed where she could still rub her clit against it. His hands found hers interlacing into her fingers as he positioned himself to be right on top of her. With one hard thrust he sent her over her next plateau causing her to now grunt his name into the pillow. 

"Oh God, you're so fucking sexy when you cum." Jeff half mused to himself as he started to thrust into her with full force. Her body moved each time raking her sensitive clit over her vibrator. 

"Yes, Jeff...Yes." 

"Cum again for me baby...I wanna hear you scream my name." His words in that husky voice undid her. 

"OH JEFFFFFFF!" She screamed out lifting back from the pillow and thrusting herself onto him. He pushed back shoving her into the pillow again as he came inside of her. Noises came from him each time he spasmed as he continued to breathe on her mark. 

They lay there together until his erection receded and he pulled himself out of her. His hand gingerly went around her hips to turn the vibrator off before pulling her onto her back and leaning over to kiss her.

"So, does this mean we're good?" She asked him basking in his glow as they lay there together.

"Hell yeah baby...hell yeah!" Jeff's breathing had still not recovered.

"Wow Jeff, that was a new one for me. And, since when do you wear shorts?" Lizzie mused to herself

"I...uh...I wash the car in them. You don't think it's sexy?" Lizzie started to laugh and Jeff joined in. It was nice to be friends in that awkward moment. Jeff lying sprawled with his arm under her back - he still had his t-shirt on but nothing from the waist down. Lizzie, of course, had her tank top on, but her pants and panties were pulled down to her knees. They made quite the picture laying there laughing together.

"You were right about this sex thing, fuck! I'm not sure you should have opened Pandora's box though." 

"I'm always right, and I for one am thrilled that I opened that box."

***********************

They were dressed in the next few minutes, although Jeff still looked ridiculous in his shorts. He was so doting as they stood there insisting on kissing her every few minutes - with soft short pecks that made him adorable.

"So, your mark is crazy sensitive huh?" Jeff questioned her.

"Yeah, always has been, but you know I wear my hair down or frankly most people think it's a birth mark or tattoo. Why does it feel weird to you?" She was suddenly self-conscious about the butterfly shaped purple marking on the back of her neck.

"Baby, if your feet made you moan like that I would spend all night licking them. I think it's sexy as hell. I don't think I got to play with it the last time you were here, so I didn't know. I just you know didn't mean to freak you out or anything by messing with it." Jeff was adorable the way his eyebrows rose in concern for her.

"You know, you're hot when you care. It didn't freak me out; I just don't want you to bite it if you aren't supposed to be my mate. I'm not sure what could happen. Whatever you were doing to it was...well...more than fine." She sighed rubbing a hand over her mark, swearing she could still feel the tease of Jeff's breath on it.

"We could ask Oz to look into it more; you should probably know all the lore behind yourself if you have to keep dealing with this." 

"If you think he wouldn't mind that would be awesome, I'll keep looking through your books here and seeing if I can find stuff and there is some lore there. Something said that my true mate would have been reborn, and there was a footnote that said reborn was meant to signify being returned to earth from the depths of hell. I think that means it might be a demon though, or some other creature whose soul has been to hell and back, which sort of freaked me out and I stopped looking. It's kind of specific though, anyways, maybe I will talk to Oz about it. For now though, I am going back to the library to work and hopefully not distract Kerry too much."

"Returned from the depths of hell? You know it could be a human too. I mean Kerry and I have both done tours in hell and come back, so it could be someone awesome like us." Jeff smiled, trying to reassure her, but in the back of his mind wondering how he should take that piece of knowledge. "Well, I'm off to wash Stella and try not to think about that juicy ass of yours for a little bit." He kissed her once more trailing a hand over her butt to emphasize his words.

***************************

Lizzie returned to the library and started working once more. Kerry was still diligently going through books as she sat there.

"Ah, much better Lizzie thanks." Kerry's words of relief came out as he sat two seats away from her.

"Thank Jeff, he was quite helpful." Lizzie smiled, not realizing her words once again.

"Oh, I suppose that means he's not being an idiot anymore. Does it also mean you've made your choice?"

"Kerry, give it up, I'm not going to choose anything. I'm just going to attempt to last out my month with you two and see how that ends up. I told you before; I am not doing anything serious or exclusive until I find my mate. You guys would both do well to learn to live with that." And she put in her headphones starting back up with her work.

The remainder of the day continued on, and somehow seemed normal now that her heat was in check. Lizzie and Kerry spent hours in the library before Jeff joined them hoping for dinner. They ordered pizza and over a few beers seemed to thoroughly enjoy each other's company. 

They were like three peas in a pod as they sat on the couch. Jeff on the left with the remote, Kerry on the right and Lizzie curled up on herself in the middle. It was a Three Stooges marathon, so the boys laughed mercilessly while Lizzie tried to just enjoy the company of two friends. They both were set to head out in the morning to help some agents a few hours away that were dealing with whatever this possible hybrid thing was. It meant a relatively calm night and potentially a quiet safe space for a few days at least.

Without realizing how tired she was, Lizzie dozed off during a show sliding until her head rested on Jeff's shoulder and her legs moved to be on Kerry's lap. She had chosen a pair of yoga pants and a basic t-shirt after her adventure with Jeff earlier, leaving much to the imagination, which was about the only thing stopping Kerry and Jeff both from drooling as her heat increased while she dozed.

She was having a rather pleasant dream about some hunky actor and it had caused her temperature to shoot up as her scent grew. The smell of the two men she was around not helping to abate anything. It was something about sleeping that seemed to heighten everything, and she certainly hadn't meant to fall asleep with the boys this close to her.

"Jeff, can you smell that?" Kerry whispered to his partner.

"What, her, hell yeah, but being here near you is helping to cut the edge. She's goddamn intoxicating though. Hey sorry about earlier, I just really like her Kerry." 

"Well her feet aren't shifting in your crotch. I really like her too Jeff, with or without the heat. I don't think she intends on picking either of us though, so should we just make a deal or something."

"What do you mean? I had her first, and last actually, so I guess dibs if that's what you mean. Her feet may not be in my crotch, by the way, but her moaning is definitely in my ear." Jeff threw a cocky smile at his partner.

"Dibs? You are actually going to call dibs? You're unbelievable. Fine, though, if you think that's going to work then have your dibs, but I have to go fix my situation so I can sleep, goodnight. And for the record, she told me earlier that she did not intend to pick anyone, so maybe she wants me too." Kerry shifted Lizzie's feet off of his erection, which was more than showing in his mesh shorts and walked out of the room. His partner was unbelievable. 

"Lizzie, hey, hey...wake up gorgeous." Jeff shifted whispering in her ear.

"Sorry, did I drift off?" She stared upward into his beautiful face admiring the kind wrinkles at the sides of his eyes. Jeff truly was a beautiful man.

"Yeah, and I think you might have been dreaming about me." He smirked ruining his beautiful with that smugness.

"I wasn't actually. I was thinking about Kevin Costner." She sighed, she had actually been thinking about the actor. He was so gorgeous, and his older films with how masculine he was made her mouth water still.

"Well, whatever you were dreaming of, you smell great. What do you say we go and satisfy that appetite of yours again?" It was then that she noticed the outline of him through his pants.

"Oh, Jeff, I'm tired. I'm going to bed. Guess you'll have to take care of your own problem, but Kevin is waiting for me in my dreams." She stood making a point of swaying her hips as she walked out of the room and towards her own. She heard Jeff huff and it made her grin. It was still nice to get one over on the guys. The thought of them leaving was far from a loss in her estimation. In fact, she was kind of looking forward to a dissipation in the atmosphere, plus now she knew Jeff would be thinking about her while he was gone.

****************************

Lizzie woke up early the next morning, and stretched out noting that her bed was a little damp with the sweat from the night before. She was thankful that she could wander to breakfast, though in whatever she felt like. As she pulled on a grey pair of shorts and a black tank top she made her way to the door. It was only 8 a.m., but Kerry said they were leaving early, so she didn't even think about putting anything over her pajamas. 

"Hey Lizzie, sorry, I thought you would still be sleeping." Kerry's voice roused her morning fog suddenly and his smell did even more.

"What are you sorry fo..." She turned to see Kerry walking down the hallway from the shower room in only a towel and shower sandals. His hair was slicked down still and wet. She froze, her eyes taking in every muscle on his chest and stomach. His perfect little nipples were hard and inviting. She felt her temperature rise instantly.

"I would have worn a shirt like you asked if I knew you'd be up. I was just showering after my run." Kerry stayed a few steps from her, his breathing visibly growing heavier.

"I thought you'd be gone, or I would have put more on too. Oh my Kerry..." She sighed her hand moving to her chest. 

"Here let me just head to my room and grab some clothes and I'll make some breakfast." He was stuttering and he shuffled quickly past her making his way down the hall. She caught his scent on the way by and couldn't help but follow it. By the time Kerry reached his door and turned the door knob she was only a step behind. When he was inside and turned to shit it, he stopped short seeing her standing in his doorway.

"Oh, um...I...what's up?" Kerry was visibly nervous. In his mind, he kept reminding himself that Jeff had called "dibs" on her and how he probably shouldn't be standing in front of her in a towel. Her shirt was impossibly tight though, and her nipples poked through it so perfectly. The small strip of skin left between the top of her shorts and her tank top made his mouth water. He wanted to lick her body right there, make her moan for him. His eyes trailed from the bottom of her shorts down her legs imaging having them wrapped around him again. 

"You are." Her words referred to the erection that could not be hidden by the fluffy yellow towel around his waist. She walked in as Kerry backed up stepping out of his sandals. Lizzie turned flipping the lock on his door and walked over towards him. 

They danced then him backing up as she moved forward, no words were exchanged. She eyed him like prey and he tried with every fiber in his being to not pounce on her. When his calves hit his bed, he knew their touching was inevitable. She took the last step and he sat down surrendering.

"Oh Kerry," Lizzie sighed and pressed her lips into his. His fight completely left as he kissed her back and wrapped his arms around her. She held his face in her hands needing to only bend down slightly to continue kissing him. His tongue parted her lips and explored. She moaned as he did, his hands moving downward to glide over her ass cheeks.

"You smell so good, can I taste you?" He pulled back, asking her for a sample from the source of that sweet nectar. She smiled back as his hands delved between the back of her thighs brushing against her wet pussy.

"I want to taste you first." The voice that came from her was unexpected. It was full of hunger and lust and didn't seem to belong to her at all.

"Oh fuck Z." He moaned seizing the opportunity to lean into her abdomen and take the lick along those shorts he had wanted to since he saw her in the hallway. 

"Get comfortable, I've never done this before so I may need some instruction." He groaned when she spoke pulling back to look up at her before seizing her mouth again with his.

When he pulled back he shifted up onto his pillows, pulling her down to the bed with his huge hands on her hips. 

"You don't need to, I'm already ready...mmmm...let me have you." Kerry was smiling that sexy grin that was her undoing. He was so large and so strong that he could manhandle her into doing whatever he wanted.

"Please. I want to suck your cock Kerry, let me try." She looked up at him with her best puppy dog stare.

"MMMMMm...I can't say no..." He surrendered.

"Good." She smiled at him immediately shifting down the bed and over between his legs. He sighed as she undid the towel and there he was in all his glory. Truthfully, Lizzie had seen this in tons of porns and read about it, but being face to face with his massive cock had her questioning her desires. As excited as she was though, this was no time to deny herself the chance to try it out.
