 The boys left shortly after, and Lizzie sighed in relief as they seemed to be normal partners again. She was happy to see them finding humor in the situation and hopefully getting past their annoying high school issues.

She hummed softly as she walked to get her shower. It was great to have the place to herself for a few days at least. It was, after all, already 5 days into her cycle, so another week would mean she was solidly half-way through. As much fun as she had had during the last few days, it was kind of exhausting to constantly be excited. 

Later in the day she took a few minutes and gave Oz a call. He was truly a breath of fresh air. They had talked briefly throughout last year, and he was starting to seem more and more like an old friend. She wondered how much Jeff and Kerry had told him about her. He was intrigued to hear about her past, which she had only shared with the guys and promised he would look into every resource he had to get her information.

*********************

As the days moved forward, Lizzie grew tired of the solitude in the bunker. It had been 5 days with no male hormones, and frankly she was getting anxious. Coupled with the fact that she had no work to do right now, the solitude was getting to her. That's when she decided to do the unthinkable. She started to clean. 

As she moved from room to room, she couldn't believe how much of a woman's touch the place needed. The kitchen was a disaster. When she finished there it had taken her the better part of the day, and she vowed that tomorrow she would clean out their shower room.

The shower room took her the better part of the following day, and a text from Jeff saying they might be home as soon as tomorrow made her sigh. When she awoke on day 7 of no boys, she was greeted again by the lack of their smell. It was that day she decided to tackle their rooms. 

Kerry's room was fairly easy to clean, although she had to force herself not to gather the now stained sheets to be washed as she made his bed. She smiled a little knowing he was excited to come back to the smell of her on his sheets. Lizzie allowed herself a pause to smell one of his shirts though, just to send a shiver down her spine.

Jeff's room was next, and it was not at all easy to clean. The only thing in order was his collection of porn mags. He didn't even fold the shirts in his drawer for God's sake. Lizzie had no idea how he lived like this. After hours and hours of trying to get his stuff situated, she finally finished and allowed herself to lie down on his bed, taking in his scent. She hadn't actually been in Jeff's bed yet, so it was quite the experience to enjoy it. 

An idea flashed into her mind, and she dropped the cleaning supplies into the basket near her and ran to her room. She returned in a few moments, vibrator in hand and laid herself face down on Jeff's pillows. If the boys weren't back, then she was certainly going to enjoy herself.

Moments later, she was moaning as she lay against Jeff's pillows with her vibrator between her legs when her cell phone rang. She tried to ignore it at first, but the music broke her thoughts of Jeff and his hands all over her flaming skin. 

"It's Lizzie what's up?" She picked up her cell phone and pressed the answer button trying desperately to catch her breath. 

"Hey Lizzie, we were about to get some pizza and beer on the way back, I was just wondering if you wanted anything in particular on it or anything." Oh fuck –it was Jeff. The Jeff who owned the bed she was naked on top of right now.

"Ummm...I don't know meat – all meat would be good. Yea...that would be good." She couldn't mask her breathing well as she stammered out her words. Her only hope was that he wasn't paying too much attention.

"Baby, are you okay? Were you just working out or something?" Busted...shit! The sound of his voice didn't help her focus on sounding normal.

"Uh, yeah, working out. Earning that beer." Lizzie sighed, hoping that would be the end of it.

"Wait...at 10 o'clock at night? You were jerking off weren't you?" Motherfucker it was like he was telepathic.

"Sure, Jeff, sure and in your bed too...how long until you guys get back anyways?" Her distaste for his cocky attitude surfaced.

"Maybe like an hour or so. You know you can just push pause on what you're doing and we can pick it up when I get back. I can even lose Kerry if I need to." He could be such an ass sometimes, and she hated that part of him more than anything.

"Fuck you Jeff – not interested." And with those words she hung up not wanting to hear any more of his attitude. 

Once she had hung up, she realized her mood was gone. So, she got up and straightened Jeff's bed. Her vibrator would have to go back in a drawer until after the boys came back.

****************

After two hours, there was no denying that she was worried. It was no longer just about her excitement to see them. They should have been back a while ago and she figured they would have called if they had been delayed. So, she picked up her phone and in a calculated measure called Kerry.

"Hey Z– I'm glad you called. Can you check and see that we have gauze and bandages? It looks like we weren't quite done after all and Jeff got a little banged up." Kerry sounded tired in his words and she wondered just how banged up Jeff was. She made her way to the medical room and looked in the cabinets. There were a few boxes of gauze left and a couple of boxes of bandages.

"We have both Kerry – are you okay? What happened?" Her concern was obvious.

"One of the things from the case followed us and we had a tussle in the parking lot waiting on our pizza. Jeff got sliced up by claws, so I'm just driving him back. It won't be long – just have the booze ready."

"Okay – you guys give me grey hair you know. I'll see you soon, do you need anything Kerry?"

"Nah, just some scrapes and such. Thanks Z."

She breathed a sigh of relief when he hung up, and went to the liquor cabinet wanting to be ready when Jeff came in. She loved the way Kerry called her Z – it was so personal and made her feel like his girl. Jeff called her everything – baby, sweetheart, gorgeous. He was just that way. Between the two, she felt so cared for it killed her. 

**********************

"Okay, you ate. Now, sit up on the table so I can clean whatever you got that is bleeding through your shirt." Lizzie made her way around the kitchen table to the other side where the boys were sitting. 

"Ah, shit, another shirt ruined. You know I'll be fine, I just need a hot shower."

"Jeff, you are not going to be fine, would you just suck it up and get fixed up. You can take a nice long bath after and sing like a weirdo while you do it." Kerry knew his partner too well. And, with those words Jeff stood and turned himself taking a seat on the edge of the metal table. 

"Here let me help you get your shirt off." Lizzie reached out without thinking and seized the bottom of Jeff's shirt pulling it upward. One hand underneath allowed her to guide his injured arm out of it so that she could pull it over his head and down the other arm. 

Three deep gashes formed a line across Jeff's left shoulder at an angle. They appeared to be from a pretty nasty set of claws and Lizzie wondered just how hairy the situation had gotten. In her examination of his wounds she didn't realize that her right hand had found a home in the center of Jeff's chest. 

When she finally caught herself she turned and made direct eye contact with him. His eyes made her catch her breath instantly. The look on his face wasn't that of an injured man, or an irritated one, but a look of desire. She quickly averted her gaze not wanting to allow the temptation when she already felt her heat rising. After their call she had forgotten to finish what she started with her vibrator before the guys came home. Now, it was all she could do to be in the room with both of them at the same time. She wondered if they felt it too.

"Well, I'm full and unlike you I have nothing standing between me an exceptionally long, hot shower. Besides, I have missed that smell, and Z I can't be here while you are pre-occupied with Jeff. So, I'll see you guys in a little bit." Kerry pushed his chair back and stood walking out of the room. 

"Jeff, take a big swig of whiskey because this is filthy and I'm going to clean it out with some peroxide." Lizzie moved to Jeff's side pulling the peroxide into a syringe to make it easy to squirt on his open gashes. 

As instructed, the agent took a large gulp of whiskey and then braced himself. When she returned to him, she moved up to his body – unable to ignore the heat she felt radiating from him. 

"I don't know why you didn't just stop at a hospital...the CIA has to pay for that if you need it right? Ready?" She gazed into his face seeing the trust in his eyes and the thanks buried somewhere in there too. Jeff nodded as she held a towel in her right hand under his shoulder and started to squeeze the peroxide onto each gash slowly. She found herself leaning against the table, not realizing that her pelvis was flush against Jeff's hand. 

"Aaargh, fuck that burns. And, yes they do pay for it, but I hate the questions and paperwork and then sometimes fitness evaluations. We try to keep out of the regular channels as much as we can." Jeff grimaced, but kept his eye contact. Lizzie watched as the bubbles subsided. The towel caught dirt remnants and other nastiness from the washing out. Then she patted the wounds lightly.

"You know, I think I'm going to need to put stitches in those. I took a first aid class this year, so I think I can handle it if you don't mind." She had leaned in to see the extent of his wounds and as she turned her head to look into his eyes again, now realizing just how close their faces were. 

"So, were you jerking off when I called?" 

Lizzie moved off to the side grabbing the betadine bottle and pored some into a small dish. She pondered for a few long moments what she should say in response to Jeff's crass comment. 

"Yep, in your bed no less – sleep tight there tonight. Now, hold still." Lizzie took a wad of gauze dipping it into the betadine to squeeze over his wounds leaving its characteristic red orange hue on Jeff's otherwise tan, freckled skin. 

Latex gloves on her hands, she started to open the package holding a needle and sutures. Once she made her statement, she had not stopped and expected a response. When she grabbed the needle and moved to start her first stitch she was met with another look full of desire from Jeff. 

"Are you serious? That is so freakin' hot. You aren't serious, because I swear if it smells like you...oh my God I'm gonna lose it." It must have been her imagination that Jeff's skin was warmer when she steadied herself and started to stitch up the first gash. Whether she was imagining it or not, the look on his face was definitely making her temperature rise.

"I guess you'll just have to search for wet spots and see...huh?" She grinned as she tied off the first row of stitches reaching for scissors to cut her thread. 

"Damn...you know, I'm glad you weren't there for this one. It got a little crazy." Something in Jeff's voice seemed different as she paused on her second stitch for the second of his gashes. Her eyes met his once again to find a look bordering on fear in his eyes.

"Want to tell me about it?" Lizzie continued her stitches in an effort to get through this rather painful process as quickly as possible for his sake.

"Maybe later...I was just out cold for a few minutes and it reminded me just how dangerous this work is. Makes me wonder why you should have to choose between us, why we can't just figure this out somehow." Lizzie looked into his face searching for the smartass motivation to what he was saying. She figured it had to be there.

"Jeff, you aren't going to get me to cave and make a choice. I told you this is only temporary anyways. Now, I'm almost done, just have to get this third one buttoned up and we'll wash this shoulder off." Lizzie was trying to resist the urge to just listen to him, just do as he said. He had to understand – he had to, it was obvious this was only temporary until she found her mate, so she wanted to enjoy them both.

"Sorry, I just...nevermind. How long do these need to stay in?" Jeff glanced at his shoulder as she tied off the last of her stitches. They weren't perfect, but at least they would let his shoulder heal.

"About two weeks from what I've read, here hold still. I'm going to just pour a little alcohol and then put a waterproof bandage on it. You can go shower then." She leaned to his right grabbing the bottle of alcohol and folding the towel to a place that wasn't filthy. She suddenly realized just how very close she was to Jeff's body and more importantly to his lips - those gorgeous pouty lips. Her pause was broken as Jeff's hand moved to her left hip. 

Lizzie's heart fluttered at his touch. It was minor and she had been touching him this whole time, but there was something about his touch on her hip that made her pause. She stood holding the alcohol bottle in hand and realized that she was on the verge of kissing Jeff or being kissed by Jeff. Their eyes were on each other's lips and she saw every intention in his face. 

In a flash she switched the alcohol to her left hand and pressed the towel against his chest. The suddenness of her movements broke the thickness of the moment and allowed her to escape narrowly from exactly what she wanted right then.

Alcohol streamed down Jeff's shoulder and he gasped dropping his hand to the table thankfully. She let him sit for a moment as the alcohol dried and then pulled fresh gauze out placing it on his skin. 

"Hold this." Lizzie looked into his eyes. She tried to not convey too much with her own, but couldn't help it. She really wanted him to understand and just put his pride away for once. Just once.

With the bandage in place, Lizzie cleaned up around Jeff who sat there silently. If she could only hear his thoughts right now, then she would know what she had to do to make him see. When everything was either in the trash or back in its cabinet, she turned her attention back to Jeff.

Approaching him from behind allowed her a view of his strong back. She loved to map out his scars with her eyes. He had only a few marks on his back. Her eyes traced his spine upward pausing on his neck and considering just how nice it would be to nuzzle into him.

As she moved around the table, she was afforded a look across his profile at how nicely his nose moved into his lips. How his chin formed a perfect line below it. She could kick herself for these feelings and by the time she stood in front of him, they were stifled once more.

"Jeff – you can go take that nice long bath now – okay?" He shook himself out of thought and gazed at her blankly as she handed him his shirt. It wasn't pure lust on his face right now, more thanks and almost...love.

She turned heading out of the kitchen and down the hallway to her room. She was definitely in need of time with her vibrator right now. Once there, she went in and shut the door behind her standing with her back against it. This was going to be way more difficult than she had thought. 

A tentative knock on the door behind her startled her out of her own head. She quickly walked away from the door – not wanting it to be weird.

"Come in." She waited for Kerry's face to greet her asking if she wanted a beer or some such, but it wasn't. Jeff stood in the doorway looking almost nervous – shirt still in his hands. He walked past the threshold and closed the door behind him. Pausing for a moment, he lowered his head as if he was trying to gather himself.

"Lizzie – I – well..." He continued to approach even as she tried to figure out what he was possibly thinking. He stopped when he was directly in front of her and lifted his head to look into her face. The look she saw there was that same look from the kitchen. What came next was even more unexpected.

"Jeff? What's up? This is not the time to jump me...I'm still stuck on you two trading firsts." Lizzie expected another attempt from him to puncture her will. She felt her heart rate quicken as she realized Jeff was in her room now inches from her bed and all she had to do was ...

"Lizzie...I...fuck it, I cave. I want you – every inch of you. Fuck pride and all the rest, I just want you. If that means sharing you with Kerry then so be it. I know it's temporary until you're mated, but I don't want you to not be in my life whether you're in heat or not. That's what I realized tonight. Now, before we share, please let me have you tonight." Jeff dropped to his knees in front of her and looked up. His pride stripped away there he was. She was frozen, no idea what to say to this man. He had truly surprised her and now she was temporarily stuck – not knowing what to do next. Then, it came to her.

"Stand up Jeff, come with me." Jeff stood up and waited. She grabbed two towels from the hooks on her wall and took his hand and led him out of her room and down the long hall to the shower room. The ten stalls were before her and there was Kerry drying off in the first one as she led Jeff down the row and to the first of two curtained rooms containing bath tubs. She hung the towels carefully on the wall rack that was reachable from the side of the tub opposite the faucets. 

Jeff stood stupidly in front of her looking confused. He had opened himself up and she had not said anything about it to him yet. Lizzie smiled at him and then went over to the shelf opposite the showers to grab her caddy. 

"Hey, everything alright Lizzie?" Kerry had a puzzled look on his face as he placed his caddy on the shelf near her. Lizzie inhaled taking in his scent and smiling.

"It's fine. Just give us some privacy for a bit, huh? I'll make it up to you later." She smiled and winked at him. Kerry smiled coyly back at her and left the shower room.

Once he was outside, Lizzie was alone with Jeff and she pulled the curtain behind her as she walked back up to him by the bath tub. He stood dumfounded in the center in front of the white pedestal footed tub with his back to it now. She loved these tubs. They were the perfect height to allow you to take a fully dipped bubble bath without splashing water out. She imagined this must be what it was like in the 20s and 30s when ladies got into their deep tubs with their hair tightly held in a bun. 

Now, her lover stood waiting for her next move. She brushed past him, making sure she was close when she did it and moved to the faucets. The white porcelain knobs turned easily in her hands as she adjusted them. When her fingers went into the water to test for the perfect temperature, she was pleasantly surprised by how quickly the water got warm. 

She leaned down and grabbed her bubble bath and poured some in allowing the water to instantly cause bubbles to spring forth. She inhaled deeply allowing the raspberry scent to fill her nostrils before replacing the bottle and turning to Jeff.

"Don't just stand there, strip. The water will be ready in just a few minutes." She smiled waiting to see what he would do next. Although confused, Jeff started to undress. He leaned down undoing his boots and putting them to the side. His socks were thrown carelessly on top. Standing there in front of her in just his jeans, he was reminiscent of Tom Cruise in Top Gun. Her eyes devoured him, waiting for what was next. He swallowed thickly as she stared at his neck, before she trailed a line down his chest to his pants just watching and waiting. 

Jeff's eyes did not leave hers then as he unfastened the button on his jeans and slid his zipper down slowly. His surrender was complete as he silently did as she asked. When he slid his jeans down, she smiled. He had on boxers with butterflies all over them. How in the world had she picked a day with such a nice wardrobe selection?
