 "Why are you covered up like that baby? I want to see all of you." Jeff spoke to her, that sex voice he had bringing her into the moment with him. He leaned down pulling the covers back from her.

"How do you want me Jeff?" She smiled licking her lips in emphasis. Jeff exhaled and his breathing increased.

"I told you, I want to taste every inch of you. So, roll over on your stomach and let me get started." He sounded hungry as he spoke. She rolled over, not sure what to expect from this lust filled sexy man behind her.

His lips found the back of her ankle and he started an agonizingly slow trail of kisses up the back of her right leg. He alternated between running his tongue on her skin and kissing his way up. Meanwhile, his hands were splayed on her leg holding it in place. When he reached her butt cheek she sighed. She could feel his cock pressed against her foot and she parted her thighs hoping he would take the opportunity. He paused to breathe against her wet pussy before sliding back down to start on her left leg. 

"Oh, please Jeff, just fuck me...please." She moaned as he continued at the same pace not giving her any slack from his plans.

"No way, I've been dreaming of doing this for a week." She groaned at his words, feeling herself get wetter as he neared her butt once more. Again he paused, mercilessly breathing across her sex. She bit her bottom lip whimpering. 

He sighed before licking across the soft flesh of her ass and then taking a playful nip from the opposite cheek causing her to cry out softly. He positioned himself between her legs as his hands guided his mouth's pathway on her back. His mouth seemed to be wetter as he reached close to her mark. His cock just out of reach of her pussy as he trailed his fingers across her shoulders before breathing across her mark. He raised himself up enough to press his cock between the flesh of her ass cheeks so that he could press his lips along each of her arms in turn. 

"Oh please Jeff, no more...just take me." She moaned. He softly chuckled.

"I've been thinking about how you moan when I lick your mark...mmmm." His breathing had increased and now it wafted over the butterfly shape making her moan again.

He slid downward just enough so his cock was between her thighs and then moved forward again letting his length lay from the back of her pussy to the front with his head resting just on her clit. Her breathing grew shallow as she lay pinned beneath him. His tongue grazed over every inch of the back of her neck teasing at her most sensitive spots all at once. 

"Oh Jeff...uh...please." Lizzie tried to hold it back, but she wanted him so badly. She felt her wetness coating him as he shifted only slightly. She freed her right arm from the pillow above her trailing down the sheets and under her hip, reaching for her clit and some release.

"Oh no you don't. Naughty little girl." Jeff seized her arm before moving with lightning speed to roll her over so her front was on display. Her cheeks were splashed with red and her chest completely crimson. 

"Oh, yes Jeff, I want you inside me now."

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, I have an entire other half of you to taste. Now, keep those hands at your sides. Consider this payback for giving away your first blowjob to someone else." He moved down to the end of his bed again starting his exploration again at her right ankle. Now, he could stare up at her as he moved watching every sigh and sound as his tongue learned her legs completely.

"At least you're the first guy I've ever been inside of. Oh...Jeff...yes." He moved upward getting to her hip finally and sucking on the bony protrusion. Then, he let his scruffy cheek graze along her just above her brown curls.

"Well, that was a first for me too, so I guess we're even on that one." And with his words and a smile he returned to her other ankle to prolong her torture.

"Oh, Jeff...I...I'm kind of surprised at that...mmmmmm...oh please taste me." She could barely think with all the blood pooling in her center hoping for her release soon. She felt her clit engorge as he reached the other hip mirroring his prior activity from the other side.

"Surprised the hell out of me too, beautiful." He paused, breathing across her pussy. She felt her hips lift upward hoping for his touch, but she was not rewarded. 

Shifting upward, he moved to kissing along her stomach. And then took his time to lick along her rib cage and between her breasts. He smiled at her playfully before shifting so he was straddling her right leg allowing his cock to press into her thigh as he made his way from her shoulder down her arm making his way over her fingers and to her fingertips. She shifted her hand moving her fingers along his lips.

"God, you are so beautiful Lizzie. Every inch of you tastes so good." He was sighing as he shifted to enjoy her other arm. When he shifted back to on top of her he moved as if to shift downward to enjoy her pussy.

"Oh yes...please." She begged him.

"Wait, I forgot something. Oh these." And his mouth was on her left breast even as his hand held the other. He took his time to lick and suck on her nipple before exploring her other side. She was going insane beneath him; knowing only one touch of his mouth could bring her such pleasure. Lizzie needed his mouth on her - she was so close and he had barely even touched her.

"Oh, Jeff, please...please...I want you to taste me."

"God, the way you beg me...uh..." He grunted before started to kiss up her neck. As he reached an ear he allowed his leg to drag between her thighs.

"Fuck, Jeff...I can't." She was truly begging now, the overload of her senses killing her as she felt her pussy aching for him. 

"Just one more side of your neck and I have that last part of you to devour." His lips sucked on her neck then as he groaned into her, and it was too much. She had thoughts of how he felt cumming and how his mouth felt now. Her entire body became electric with the feel of his mouth on her. 

Something in her snapped seizing his thigh between her own and thrusting upward only once along his leg before the flash of pleasure and heat shot through her clit and across her entire sex.

"OH ...FUCK... JEFF... FUCK!!" Her back arched up against him as her nails dug into his back. Her body pulsed as she rode her wave to its completion. Jeff had frozen with his mouth on her neck.

***********************

Kerry heard Lizzie cry out and stroked faster on his cock. He had been teasing himself and edging, smelling her increased scent from next door. With her words he could hardly contain himself as he played with his head and stroked down his length over and over. 

"Oh yes, Lizzie cum hard." He whispered to himself. His eyes squeezed shut and he could almost see her in front of him with that flash of light in her bright green eyes. She was so incredible when she came. 

**************************

"Wow...baby...wow." Jeff crashed into her mouth, his mouth swallowing her moans as she came down.

"Mmmmm Jeff..." She pushed against his shoulder - the good one thankfully. He took the hint and rolled off of her.

"Do you need a break?" He asked breathlessly on his back now.

"No, I need you to finish what you started." And with those forceful words she scrambled herself up so that she was straddling his face. 

"My pleasure." His arms hooked around her hips pulling her to his mouth. He was excited now and it showed in how intensely he started to devour her pussy. He wasted no time in inserting fingers into her where she still felt the pulse of her muscles, all while he sucked and licked at every available surface.

As he continued, Lizzie found herself grinding against his chin and lips, seeking out her next release. She felt him grunt as he started to pull and push on her g-spot from any direction he could. 

"Jeff, I'm...Oh God...I'm gonna...oh Jeff... oh ...oh... UHHHHHHH!!" And once again fluid gushed from her spraying across the beautiful man's face. She cried out with each spasm, her eyes locked on his as he thrust his tongue inside of her where his fingers had been forced from. It was as if he wanted to catch every drop of her cum as it left her. 

*****************

Hearing her cum again was Kerry's undoing as he grunted thrusting his cock into his closed hand. Cum shot up from his tip landing across his chest and neck. He spasmed there with the thought of how amazing she must look right now. He pictured her face above his with her sweet smelling pussy on his mouth. He licked his lips trying to remember exactly how she tasted as he rocked his hips allowing the last of his orgasm to take him.

He lay there coming back to himself and lightly stroking along his length enjoying the feeling across his whole body.

**********************

As Lizzie came down she slid herself backwards resting on Jeff's chest. Much like his partner, he was concerned at her seeming loss of all ability to function. He shifted his body further upward until he could pull his arms from under her and use them to hoist himself up so that he was face to face with her. 

"You okay?" He asked planting a light kiss on her lips.

"Almost." And with her word she shifted upward catching his cock perfectly at the entrance to her pussy and sliding him completely inside.

"Oh fuck." He let out a hiss of words as his mouth fell open staring into her face.

"Wow, Jeff you feel so huge from this angle." 

"As if you aren't hot enough, you had to go and say that to me? Jesus, Lizzie." He pulled her to him holding her body. Their mouths barely touching as their eyes locked together they moved slowly and steadily enjoying an intimate rhythm. 

It was all just so perfect having his body rock against her as his hands held her in place. She felt truly connected to Jeff there in his bed. His skin brushing on her clit as his cock shifted back and forth over her internal sweet spot. 

"I love...how...you...fill me." Lizzie panted the words out trying to keep her eyes locked on Jeff's as she drew in on another release.

"So...good...uh...Lizzie." Jeff's words were broken as well as she continued her movements against him. 

Lizzie shifted her legs wrapping them around his back and using them to pull him even further into her, which she had not dreamed possible.

"Jeff...fuck...I can't." Her legs had turned to jello as she basked in all the sensations of being in his arms and utterly joined to him.

"Then, let me...are ...you...oh God...close?" He grunted out his last few words as he seized her hips grinding her against him.

"Uh-huh...take me there." She had her mouth against his as she stared into those pools of amazement that were his eyes. Those words, they brought him back to before he was allowed to have her and how amazing she felt. He almost gave in and came as she spoke.

Jeff shifted only slightly, so that one of his hands braced against the bed and the other held her hip down. His movements changed from grinding to pushing through her almost. 

"Uh...uh...uh...cum Lizzie...cum." Jeff grunted with each sound, willing the noises to come out.

"AAAAHHHHHH!" She screamed out, throwing her head back. Jeff kept his rhythm hoping to extend her pleasure as long as possible, but it was all just too much as his arms sprang around her he grunted pouring himself into her. He was lost in it clutching her against him, all of his fingers digging into the skin of her hips.

They rode their wave together, barely able to breathe as their sweat covered bodies stuck together. 

************************

Kerry had cleaned himself up before hearing Lizzie's last exclamation, which truthfully gave him a half-boner again. She was insane and as much as he felt proud of himself for how he pleasured her, Jeff was truly a master at making her cum. He couldn't help but feel happy that she was able to get the best of both of them, and how much she deserved that.

**********************

Lizzie lay in bed with Jeff, his arm draped over her smiling as she basked in their silence and cuddling after such an amazing time together. She thought he was asleep, but found herself only able to drift lightly as she held onto his arm that was draped over her side. 

"Are you awake?" Jeff whispered, rousing her slightly. She did not respond as she was on the edge of her sleep not wanting to wake herself from the fluffy cloud feeling enveloping her.

"Good. I can't tell you this while you're awake, but Lizzie I think I'm in love with you." Jeff confessed in a whisper before nuzzling into her. 

Her mind had snapped to reality at his words and she wasn't sure how to handle it. Luckily, before she could force herself to speak she heard a faint snore come from Jeff. He had drifted off. She couldn't stay then, not sure how she ever could again after his confession. So, she pulled herself out of the bed and sneaked across his room. Her towel was somewhere in the bed with them and she couldn't find it right now and risk waking him, so she made her way out of his door and tiptoed towards her own room.

"Lizzie, why are you walking in the hallway naked?" Tomas' voice startled her. She turned bright red in the face and put one hand over her breasts and one over the apex of her thighs. 

"Tomas, fuck...you scared the hell out of me. Let me put some clothes on and we'll talk." Lizzie ran the rest of the way to her room and once inside scrounged some clothes together. Tomas appeared inside in another minute looking at her in a questioning manner.

"My towel was lost, why?" She tried to be coy.

"You are lying to me. I saw you leave Jeff's room, and you were naked. I presume you had intercourse with Jeff." 

"That is none of your business Tomas." Lizzie rolled her eyes sitting on her bed.

"Lizzie you know that I care about you, and I brought you to these men last year because I hoped they could protect you without succumbing to the temptation to be with you. I have told you that I will protect you until we know who you are to be mated with. Tell me has Jeff forced this on you?"

"Tomas, don't act like you aren't watching and listening, you know he didn't force anything."

"I have been tending to matters in heaven for the last year, so no I have not been listening. Does this mean that Jeff can no longer be trusted?"

"No, Tomas, it means that I decided that I should enjoy parts of my affliction if I have to bear the burden. Jeff forced nothing, and neither has Kerry." She almost smacked herself in the head - why had she even mentioned Kerry.

"Wait, have you had intercourse with them both? I must admit I am ashamed of them. I believed that you would be safe here, and now they have both violated my trust in them."

"Ok, first can you stop saying intercourse, it just feels weirdly disgusting coming from you. Second, Jeff was very polite when he asked last year and I wasn't even in heat. And Kerry, well, I jumped Kerry - he would probably never have done anything. Tomas, you aren't my Dad, so please don't give me any shit over this." Lizzie sighed not able to make eye contact with him.

Tomas sat down on the bed with her and lifted her head.

"Lizzie, I may not understand what you are going through, and I certainly don't understand the complexities of human sexuality, but I don't know that this is a wise decision." His blue eyes burrowed through her.

"Look, I know I can't fall in love with them, but I can have some fun right? I mean at least I'm safe here and they won't hurt me Tomas."

"What about the bruises I saw on your hips then?" He was confused as usual. She loved him though, he was her protector.

"Those are good bruises believe it or not. Jeff just gets a little excited." She smiled a little.

"Do they understand that you are with them both, but cannot be a proper girlfriend?" His awkward question made her have to think for a second.

"If you mean do they know that I am enjoying sex with both of them, then yes, which is somehow still okay surprisingly. And, as far as proper girlfriend, they know that I am not with them, it's just sex." She lied to him then, Jeff obviously was having feelings she hadn't yet figured out. 

"I know you are lying to me, but I'm not sure why." Tomas caught it immediately.

"Can I just go to sleep tonight? Stop asking so many questions." Lizzie sighed and nestled herself in bed, passing out almost instantly.

**********************

The following day passed uneventfully by all estimations. The extended enjoyment with Jeff had left her satisfied and with a minimal scent throughout the entire day and into the evening. Lizzie was beginning to wonder why she hadn't discovered this rather easy cure years ago and why she hadn't implemented it. She presumed that she had not found men she could trust like these two. 

It was very refreshing to go about their routine, especially because Jeff was oblivious to the fact that she had heard his confession the night before. It was a small favor, and not one she intended to push her luck on. Kerry did eye her strongly as she was heading to bed for the night, but thankfully did not act on it. A nice calm day was all she needed.

"I am definitely exhausted and going to watch some t.v. in my room and pass out peacefully, hope you two don't mind." Lizzie sighed getting up from the library table with them to walk down the hallway.

"Hey Lizzie, hang on a minute." Jeff's voice had her stop as he approached behind her. She was only hoping that he would not mention his confession of love from the night before.

"What's up Jeff?" 

"I just wanted to make sure you were okay, I mean you left a little abruptly last night." He was quiet in his voice not wanting to have Kerry overhear.

"Oh, I'm fine. I'm not really used to the whole sleeping next to someone all night. I guess I just still like my space a little." She smiled leaning in and giving him a quick peck on the lips. 

"That's cool, honestly you wore me out yesterday. Oh, and um...thanks for cleaning my room. It's kind of awesome. See you tomorrow."

"Goodnight you sexy beast." She pulled on his shirt forcing him to stay put as she planted another kiss on his lips.

"Argh...if I thought for one second you'd want company." He smiled, his sexiest smile making her acutely aware that her heat was creeping back in. 

"Go, spend time with your partner and rest up. Never know when I'll need that body again." She scampered down the hall with a smile on her face as she heard Jeff laugh softly behind her.

*************************

"Z...hey...Z...hey wake up." Kerry's voice roused her from sleep. Lizzie had stopped locking her door at night figuring that no one would see anything they hadn't before.

"Hey, what time is it? Kerry, I'm not ready for anything yet." She growled at him barely conscious.

"It's 8, and that's not why I'm here." Kerry was sitting on her bed, dressed except still wearing his slippers. Lizzie opened her eyes as she sat up on her elbows.

As her surroundings sunk in, Lizzie realized that she had somehow gotten herself completely naked and was now lying in sweat soaked sheets. She was also painfully aware of how strong her heat was and of just how lovely Kerry smelled. He was so masculine, yet the softness in his face gave her such comfort. 

"What's up Kerry?" 

"We are leaving in a few minutes, because one of our agents, Paul, needs help with a case. I didn't want you to wake up alone. Jeff's in the shower, so he asked me to say goodbye and tell you to call if you need anything. I'm sorry, but it's urgent." He grazed his palm across her cheek as she sighed into him. Her hair was in a lopsided bun allowing her to easily nuzzle his hand.

"What? No, but Kerry, I don't want you to go." Lizzie pulled him down to her mouth by his shirt planting a kiss on his lips as her other hand wound into his hair.

"You know I don't want to leave. Your smell this morning is killing me. Your sheets are soaked, what were you dreaming about?" Kerry's mouth was on her even as he turned peeling the covers back so he could see her heaving chest.
