 The next day proved Jeff's spidey-sense proved right as a check back to the nest gave them another two heads to remove. It meant leaving even later than expected, but neither felt like staying away from Lizzie much longer. 

A stop for dinner was even cut short as they decided to eat in the car on the way. They had weirdly decided that Kerry deserved a chance to finish what had been started the day they left. Jeff was stuck on the thought of having to end another relationship badly knowing that he was definitely in love with Lizzie at this point. He was somehow okay with sharing her with his partner, possibly because he loved Kerry too as a friend, of course. Lizzie deserved to be happy anyways, especially considering that none of the information they had about her pointed to a good outcome.

Both partners had managed to sneak in a few text messages to Oz relaying the information they had gotten from Paul and hoping to spur him on to getting more. Kerry was particularly worried, with his history with women. After all, the last serious relationship he had ended in the unfortunate death of the young woman he was seeing. He was starting to have stronger feelings for Lizzie, and he remembered all too well how hard it was to get past the part he played in his last girlfriend's death. He wondered if he should pull himself back from this, but the thought of that beautiful woman in the bunker just waiting for him had him excited right now. He had jerked off a few times already just smelling her on his jeans, and he couldn't wait for his chance at having her tonight.

**************

Lizzie had again cleaned up around the bunker, even doing the guys' laundry, which was no small feat after the last excursion they were on. They got into some really gnarly stuff and let's just say blood didn't come out terribly easy. 

She had received the text that she waited for a few hours ago saying Kerry and Jeff were on their way home and it made her want to do something special for them. So, she was now in the kitchen making mini-pies. She had learned that baking was the way to Jeff's heart, and she discovered that as much of a health nut as Kerry was, he enjoyed an excuse to splurge. She figured the pie would be plenty cool by the time they returned as they were already in the oven.

Lizzie had decided that after a few days with no release, she really needed either of them to be in that bunker with her as soon as humanly possible. After a moment's consideration, she had pulled on one of Kerry's flannels, which was a little bigger than Jeff's and also had a snap up front. She was wearing it - and only it as she danced around the kitchen with classic rock blaring. Their love for classic music made her and Jeff close, of course, but once in a while her 80s hairbands seemed to tie her to Kerry. She was standing and daydreaming in the kitchen when the timer went off and she leaned down to pull the tray of mini-pies that she had crafted in a cupcake tin out of the oven placing it on the stove to cool when a familiar voice greeted her.

"Man, now that is a view I could get used to." Kerry's smell hit her almost as quickly as his words.

"Oh, hey stranger. Where's your infamous partner?" Lizzie turned smiling at Kerry, oven mitts still on her hands. His blue flannel hung on her, not helped by the fact that she had only fastened two-thirds of the snaps. At least she had rolled up the sleeves so she could bake.

"He's washing some um...stuff... off Stella in the garage, and I thought I would come in and finish what I started the other day." Kerry moved from the doorway around the kitchen table and towards her. 

"Hope you don't mind, but I borrowed your shirt." Lizzie caught her bottom lip between her teeth as she peeled the oven mitts off and threw them onto the counter.

"Looks way better on you than me. Did you bake for us?" Kerry was only a few inches away as he spoke.

"I did, but we have to let them cool first. I wasn't expecting you guys to be back for another hour or so." She sighed as Kerry leaned in grabbing her face and kissing her.

"I made him drive fast; I didn't want to keep you waiting much longer." She could already feel Kerry's hardness against her as he spoke and she felt herself start to moisten in anticipation of him. 

"You know I didn't even jerk off after you left. I wanted to make myself wait for you." She moaned as he started to lick down her neck letting his hands roam down the sides of her body. She pushed her fingers up into his hair. It was soft, always soft.

"Mmmm, God you smell so much better in person than on my jeans. I was so bitter I didn't get to feel you before I left." Kerry growled in her ear as his hands found the sides of her legs. He traced his fingers over her outer-thighs making her head lean back. 

"Want a fun surprise?" Lizzie smiled at him as his fingers eased up the edges of the flannel.

"Depends, can we go to my room first?" He slid his hand up her bare hip and stopped looking at her with a sly smile.

"Well, now the secret's out, I'm only wearing this flannel." She grinned wider as her hand slid over his cock straining at his jeans.

"Oh fuck, we're not going to make it." Kerry grabbed both of her ass cheeks hauling her up against him and spinning to sit her on the kitchen table. The lights flickered suddenly, but neither of them cared as he laid her back so he could drop to his knees. 

Kerry didn't have restraint left as he buried his mouth on her clit and held her hips tightly. He struggled to get out of his coat so he could have better access to feel her body. Lizzie tasted so perfect after being gone. She was becoming his cure for the nastiness he saw in the world. She was perfect, just like Paul said. The taste of honey from her soaked lips took away his need to think then as he pushed two fingers into her.

Lizzie loved how Kerry did this. Jeff was amazing, but it was like Kerry had to learn each piece of her sex when he went down on her. He would take time on each nerve in her body and then suckle at her clit like he may never again. She was moaning and arching off the table in the next minute as she felt herself closing in on a first release. 

"Hey guys, the electric flickered and I wanted to make sure everything was okay. Is that pie I smell? What...oh shit!" Jeff's stammering in the doorway broke Kerry's concentration for a second. Lizzie didn't hear him speak over the throbbing of her heartbeat in her temples. Kerry had her on the verge and she could feel every nerve coiled and ready to explode.

"Kerry, don't stop, please...I'm so close." She moaned out holding one hand on his head as her other hand reached into her shirt grabbing her right breast. 

Her words were enough to make Kerry not care about the presence of his partner who stood transfixed in the doorway. He curled his fingers on her g-spot hard as he pulled her cilt into his mouth.

"OH FUCK YESSS! AHHHHH!" She screamed out pushing her thighs against his cheeks.

Jeff still stood in the doorway watching as Lizzie's back arched off the table that look of bliss across her face that he had dreamed of when they were away. His cock was completely hard by the time her breathing returned to normal. She opened her eyes and caught his gaze, which made him instantly drop a hand to his crotch rubbing along his length.

"Fuck you're incredible." He sighed out.

"Jeff, do you mind?" Kerry moved over Lizzie's body coming towards her mouth.

"Oh sorry, I'll go." Jeff stuttered as his hand rubbed his length.

"Wait. Stay - show me." Lizzie was completely enraptured in the moment. She wanted to feel Kerry and wanted to see Jeff's straining erection. The scent of both men in the room with her was making her pussy water and she couldn't stand the thought of either leaving. She grabbed Kerry's hair pulling him in to kiss her and shoving her tongue into his mouth trying to shut him up before he said anything to the contrary.

Kerry wanted to say no, tell her he wasn't sure about Jeff being there, but the feel of her mouth on his made his mind go blank. He felt her body ablaze with lust beneath him and her fingers on the button of his jeans trying to free his cock, which made him only want to be inside of her.

"I...show you what?" Jeff was breathing heavy and holding his cock through his jeans. 

"Show me what I do to you." Her voice was low and raspy as she finally freed Kerry so her hand could wrap around him. He groaned in response looking down at her and realizing it was pointless for him to try to get away from her. He wanted her too badly. Her smell was driving him crazy and now her hand was stroking his length even as she spoke to Jeff.

"Z...fuck...that's...fuck." Kerry could only mutter as she stroked him so his head rubbed along her pussy getting wet and ready to enter her. 

"Oooh...Kerry... please. I want you inside me." She flashed him a look full of desire as she eased his cock head down to the entrance of her sex. She looked off to her side to see Jeff undoing his jeans and pulling the front of his boxer briefs down to show her his cock. The tip glistened with precum as he stood there fixated on her.

"Uh...Z..." Kerry groaned as he pushed himself inside of her completely. Her head flew backward at the feel of him completing her. When she opened her eyes she could see Jeff stroking the length of his cock as he watched her. Kerry was slowly pulling himself out before thrusting back into her. 

"Come here so I can watch, please Jeff."...she moaned as Kerry filled her again. Her senses were overloaded as she watched Jeff obeying, walking towards the table where his partner was sliding in and out of her even as he stroked his length. 

Jeff thought for only a moment how wrong this should be before getting caught up with her scent and seeing her writhing on the table. Kerry was pushing in and out of her and with every thrust he saw that look of pleasure on her face. Before he knew it he was doing exactly as she asked and walking over to the table to stand only a foot from her at the corner. 

"Oh, Kerry, that's so good...oh fuck." Lizzie reached up pulling Kerry down to her so she could kiss his mouth. He grew rock hard inside of her pushing on her sweet spot. Watching Jeff and feeling Kerry had her body on edge. She could hear the sound of herself being fucked and of Jeff's hand on his own cock and it was all just too much...too good.

Lizzie reached out seizing on Jeff's cock and her body exploded once more as Kerry thrust into her. She screamed out as both men groaned almost in unison. Kerry paused letting her ride out her orgasm on his cock, more so that he wouldn't join her and end her pleasure too soon. Somehow the sight of her hand wrapped around Jeff was so incredibly erotic right now. He leaned down sucking on her neck as her throbbing subsided on his cock. He undid her shirt buttons as he kissed down her chest. He could feel the movement of her arm as she stroked his partner next to him.

Jeff was lost in the sight of the woman he loved on the verge of orgasm as her hand jumped out seizing him. He groaned and released his own hand to stop from cumming right there. He watched as she seemed to pulse while her body experienced pleasure. He cursed his partner for leaning down and taking away his view of her as he kissed down her body. When her hand started to stroke him, he forgot his frustrations and let himself get lost in how her skin felt once more. 

"Kerry, stop, help me flip over." Lizzie groaned out causing Kerry to pull himself from her. His shirt was open around her revealing her entire naked form to them both and her pussy was on fire, every nerve screaming out for more and more from him.

"How do you...what do you mean?" Kerry was breathing heavily and looking at her puzzled. She sat up on her elbows, dropping Jeff's cock and looked from Jeff's face to Kerry's.

"I want you both inside me when I cum again." They both looked shocked at how lust-filled her voice was and how intensely neither wanted to walk away. She didn't know, but her eyes had flashed an otherworldly bright green for an instant as she spoke. Lizzie pulled herself backward to sit in the center of the table before flipping over so that was kneeling on all fours with her ass facing Kerry.

"Fuck Lizzie, are you sure this is what you want?" Jeff asked breathing as quickly as Kerry was. 

"I want you in my mouth Jeff, now come here." She was forceful in her words and he couldn't deny his desire to be just where she wanted. He walked around to the opposite side of the table from his partner parting the chairs there so he could walk up to her inviting lips. Her right hand reached out caressing his balls and making him inhale sharply. When she reached with her tongue and caught the moisture rolling from his slit he became powerless to resist her. He walked forward allowing her to take his full length inside. 

"Oh Jesus...huh." Jeff's hand seized into her hair. His other joined pulling her long brown locks up into a make shift ponytail so he could watch each time she bobbed on him. 

Kerry watched as Lizzie's pussy dripped in front of him. He could see how exciting it was for her to have Jeff in her mouth and all he could think about was how incredible she had felt only moments ago cumming around his cock. Hesitantly, he reached out running his hand over her ass. He looked up into his partner's face seeing him standing there with his jaw hanging as his brows furrowed.

Lizzie pulled her mouth from Jeff as her hand held his cock firmly in place. "Please Kerry, I want you inside." She moaned to him before sliding herself down onto Jeff once more.

Kerry couldn't stop himself then lining up with her dripping hole, he pressed himself inside moaning. He held her hips in place with one hand as his other slid under her to grab one of her breasts. 

Lizzie felt so incredibly full suddenly and finally sated. She moaned on Jeff's dick as she felt Kerry's graze along her g-spot. His hand went from her breast down to stroking her clit causing her body to clench on him even as Jeff moved one of his hands to hold her other breast. She was so close to exploding as her body seized both of them at the same time.

"Oh God, I'm too close ...I can't." Jeff panted out as she sucked on his head pumping his shaft with her hand.

"Uhhhhhh...Z...fuck." Kerry groaned closing in on his own orgasm. 

It was all she needed as Lizzie's pussy clamped down on Kerry before releasing and sending her spiraling over her edge. She felt Jeff's cum shoot down her throat at the same time as Kerry's filled her. Jeff's hand grabbing her side and the table as Kerry grabbed onto her hips holding her in place. 

The lights flickered in the kitchen before turning off completely. Jeff pulled abruptly from her and she heard a chair creak in front of her catching his weight. Kerry slowly pulled from her before she heard another chair behind her and she allowed herself to fall on her side basking in her post-orgasm numbness.

When the lights flickered again and came back on they were all spent sitting in the kitchen breathing together with no words between them. It seemed like hours passed before she could even get herself to move.

She rolled to her side looking at Jeff, who sat with a blank expression on his face. "I made pies for you guys...they should be cool by now." She smiled at him and he laughed back at her. Kerry joined in the laughter from the other side of her and soon they were all cackling as she lay there almost naked on the table between them.

"We should probably clean the table first." Kerry said after a few minutes. This started a new round of laughter easing whatever tension was left in the room.

**********************************

No one spoke of what had happened between them as the night went on. Instead they all sat around the newly cleaned table enjoying pie together. Lizzie had put on a pair of shorts and buttoned up Kerry's flannel before returning from her bathroom and enjoying it with them listening to the details of their vampire killing with Paul. She felt safe there with her two protectors, who would never hurt her. She felt at home.

**************************

The previous night's activities left the bunker nicely free from scent for the next day and allowed Lizzie to enjoy two peaceful nights of rest. Since the night with Jeff the year before, she had not felt the desire to sleep in the same bed as either of them, enjoying the quietness of her own space, which she had become accustomed to over the years. 

It wasn't until breakfast the following morning, that Lizzie felt her heat creeping back in. She was surprised frankly as she had not even had a smell the morning before. Lizzie had spent all day with the guys and not even seen one of them respond sexually. It was so refreshing. She wasn't sure, honestly, if they needed to discuss that night, or what it could mean for the future. All she knew was that she was happy and calm.

With her heat creeping back in, she made sure to throw a robe over her pajamas before heading out to the smell of pancakes cooking in the kitchen. 

"Well, good morning gorgeous." Jeff chimed in as she entered the kitchen. He was sitting at the table looking through articles on his laptop.

"Hey, Lizzie, want some coffee?" Kerry was at the stove working on pancakes as he turned. Her boys were so perfect right now and she just stopped and smiled.

"What's up?" Jeff asked as they both looked at her. 

"Sorry, I was just thinking how nice it is to wake up not alone anymore. I'm so happy I came here again. I would love some coffee Kerry." They both smiled at her words as Kerry poured her coffee. 

"Don't take this the wrong way, but you are putting out some major smell this morning. I knew you were coming before I even heard your door close." Jeff leaned over taking a strong whiff from her as she sat enjoying coffee. She had her knee drawn up exposing her leg and he took the opportunity to run his fingers along her thigh.

"Hey, let me at least eat breakfast first, damn." Lizzie pushed against him with a smile.

"He's right you know, you smell incredible today. I had to take a long shower just so I could think enough to make breakfast." Kerry smiled putting plates down in front of her and Jeff before placing his own on the other side of the table. 

"It's never enough for you two huh? My goodness. Didn't I just get both of you off two days ago?" Lizzie spoke without thinking and everything in the room suddenly stopped. 

Jeff cleared his throat, "on another note, Oz said he is tracking down the professor Paul met a few years ago so we can figure out more about you. He told us he would call sometime today to fill all 3 of us in on what he's found. Hopefully if you know more about what's to come, you'll feel a lot better." 

They finished breakfast then, and no more was mentioned of their threesome from before. Lizzie hoped that meant things were back to normal. Somehow, she didn't think Kerry would have as much of an issue with things because he seemed so much more open to the world than Jeff did. Jeff would be another matter, and Lizzie wasn't exactly sure how he was dealing with their activities. What she did know was his hand on her leg was just enough to tip her heat into overdrive. 

After they ate, Lizzie made her excuses and quickly scampered to the showers while they stayed in the kitchen doing research. Both men watched her as she left and sighed when she was gone.

"She's...uh." Kerry sighed looking at his partner as he sat down and opened his own laptop.

"Yeah...wow." Jeff shook his head as if trying to get rid of the scent that was now stuck in his mind. The touch of her skin filled him with electricity.

"So, we blew like two lightbulbs when the electricity surged two nights ago, do we have more?" Kerry chimed in, trying to get his mind off the lingering smell in the room.
