 "Thank you for meeting with them, I feel it is very important." Tom's words came through the halls of the bunker as he led Gabriel down through to the basement as planned. He knew this might spell trouble, but he cared far too much about Lizzie to worry about that now.

"Anything I can do to help with Lizzie I will. I care as much for her as you do and you know that Tomas." Gabriel seemed as if he did not suspect at all. The thin nearly black haired man walked easily up to the dungeon door, which of course did not give away its nature by its appearance.

"Jeff and Oz are inside, but as you can tell Lizzie has been taken away for now." And with those words, Tom's deception seemed complete as Gabriel walked into the room. In an instant, Tom was shut outside as the door shut loudly completely the last warding so that Gabriel could not escape.

"Well, isn't that a fine trick. I suppose Tomas and I will have words when I leave here, and he can explain why he chose to trap me in here with two humans that have no concept of my true power." Gabriel apparently sensed the closing and as the lights came on he glared and Jeff and Oz as they stood against the wall by the door.

"If you leave, you mean. Before that, we have some things to discuss." Jeff spoke first, feeling his blood temperature already rising as he stood looking at the archangel before him. The body he inhabited was impressive to say the least, more than 6 feet tall and his skin flawless. The lithe figure deceptively hid the strength that they all knew he had beneath his skin.

"I will, but let's play along for now, tell me why you have taken such a bold move and trapped me." He was cocky as he spoke, without any fear of what might befall him at the hands of either of the two emotionally charged men in front of him.

"Because you know something about Lizzie and you need to tell us." Oz spoke now, evenly, his emotions held in check by his years of experience dealing with any manner of creature and their cocky attitudes.

"Of course I know something about Lizzie, she calls me Uncle Gabriel for a reason. I saw most of her upbringing."

"That's not what we mean, and you know it. Tell us about the manuscript." Jeff wanted his answers, and he wanted them now.

"What manuscript?" Gabriel grinned.

"This one." Oz slammed a copy of the full manuscript onto the table in the center of the room after he approached next to the tall figure.

"I don't know anything about that." Gabriel did not even look at the paper as he spoke belying his words.

"Bullshit, you signed it, now start by telling us when you authored it. Did you decide to doom Lizzie like this? Or did you just make sure it came to be after you wrote it down?' Jeff was getting quite upset as he spoke. He was tired of the lies and he wanted to save the woman he loved.

"Why do you two meddling assholes care? Lizzie is just another unnatural being to your kind, so let fate take its course and let me out of here." He was on the verge of cracking and both men smelled it.

"Do you really care that little about her? You want to see her in pain, getting raped? You're a hell of an uncle." Jeff pushed the button unabashedly, always preferring to take the fastest course to get what he wanted. Kerry usually balanced him, but Kerry wasn't here right now and Oz was just as upset as Jeff.

"Don't talk to me like that boy. You have no idea what I do and do not care about. And, frankly no idea why I signed that." There it was the crack in the armor they needed.

"So you did sign it. Well, then tell us who wrote it and we'll talk to them."

"Let this be, you have no idea what you are dealing with." Gabriel gave Jeff an even look and Jeff felt a quiver inside himself of fear.

"Do you even love her? Or were you the one who killed her parents? Was it some divine mandate that they die and she be left to this shit fate? You wrote up this stupid manuscript to assure she was tortured? Assure that Lizzie, as innocent as she is be punished?" Jeff pushed every button and he saw the rage flash in Gabriel's eyes. 

In another instant, the archangel sprang to life and had Jeff by the throat with Oz frozen in place unable to do anything. The warding was enough to keep him in, but unlike a regular angel, he still had his full strength and abilities. Jeff coughed as his face turned red, and Gabriel glared at him. Then, he broke and released both men before slamming his hands on the table in frustration.

"Of course I love her. And, I'm not the idiot that started this. In case you forgot, you were a major part of the last few gates opening. You have no idea what love is. You have watched her and lusted after her for what two years, if that? I have loved her since the minute she was conceived. I didn't kill her parents. I'm her father, and I didn't write that stupid manuscript. I signed it as a contract to save her." He stopped there and Oz and Jeff looked at each other dumbfounded.

Gabriel pulled the chair out from the table and took a heavy seat. Jeff and Oz followed sitting down roughly and waiting.

"Why didn't you tell her you were her father?" Oz sounded exasperated as he asked.

"Because I didn't want her to ask questions. I knew that she would hate me if she knew the truth. Instead, I got to play the fun Uncle Gabriel and she loved me. I got to see her happy so many times because she didn't know. That's all I wanted and now...now I have to do my duty." Gabriel's eyes filled with tears as he sat there and Jeff felt connected to him by his love for Lizzie.

"Wait, you got a demon pregnant? I mean how does that even happen?" Oz was the one asking questions as Jeff sat stunned and silent.

"I was on Earth taking care of my charges as Tomas always took care of his. I met her, Maleena, and she was not a typical demon. She was tortured and taken. I fell in love with her, and she was beautiful. You have seen my daughter so you know, her beauty called to me. After a short time together we conceived a child. We tried to hide it from everyone. Tried so hard, but to no avail. When Heaven found out, I was forced to choose." 

"Choose what exactly?" Oz feared the worst now.

"A father's worst nightmare. I could choose to have my daughter die at birth, or live but with a predetermined fate. I didn't know anything of Capsas, having only heard of it once or twice. Then, I learned all I needed to know."

"What? Spit it out angel...stop beating around the bush." Jeff looked up fuming. How could a father agree to this without a fight and how could he not do everything to prevent it.

"You ass. I have half a mind to smite you were you sit. You doomed my daughter to this as much as I did. You and your arrogance sealed her fate."

"Look, we're all just trying to understand all this and prevent it, just tell us everything you know." Oz put his hand out on Jeff's arm attempting to silence him.

"If she had died at birth, Hell would have a claim on her soul. If she lived, then well she would have a chance at Heaven and being with me. I just wanted her to have that...a chance. So, I signed the contract." 

"Alright, well Lizzie is on the path, obviously, so now what do you know about these matings so we can stop them? Maybe we can nullify this contract."

"Her name isn't Lizzie. Her name is Elizabator after Maleena's mother. And, there is no way that I know of to stop the contract from being enforced. It is divinely written. That's it, that's all I know. Beyond that, I have nothing. You have to understand. I just wanted my daughter to have a chance. I watched that beautiful girl hoping at every step that the contract would never happen. Even the loss of her virginity was a blow. Tomas was supposed to keep her chaste preventing all this. Now, well now...she can't avoid her fate. All she can do is give birth to children from love and hope that is enough to get her to Heaven with me. There is no other fate."

"What if she is never mated? Then, it won't come to pass will it?' Jeff chimed in much calmer after seeing the love on Gabriel's face.

"I have no idea. I have hoped at every step that it wouldn't happen, but it has. I can tell you that I am not allowed to interfere. If I do, then my signature is void and she will die immediately. So, everything is out of my hands. Now, if you'll excuse me, well Elizabator is on her way back and should be here in a few hours time. I would prefer she not know about any of this, so I'm hoping you'll open the door."

*****************************

"You know, I'm glad we went away for a bit. I think now that we know that the matings are the next gates, we can finally breathe easy and enjoy each other. You just have a few more days of this heat anyways." Kerry smiled at Lizzie reaching out to hold her hand as they drove the Torino back to the bunker. They both had felt better after enjoying time together alone. It was almost like a honeymoon as they stayed at Oz's. Now, they were heading back with a renewed sense of hope.

"Thanks Kerry, I feel so safe when I'm with you. Like maybe this whole mess could end one day." Lizzie sighed taking in the sounds of the road. 

"You know there is a really open area about half an hour from the bunker. We could stop there and uh...work on your scent before we head back to Jeff." Kerry quirked an eyebrow up and immediately Lizzie felt her pussy get wet. He had shown her his new trick on this trip, which was staying hard after he came. It was amazing, and she didn't mind the thought of enjoying it outside under the stars one more time before heading back. Jeff had been grumbling about her time with Tom and then had volunteered to help with the strange guest at the bunker instead of going with them. She knew when she got back she would have to do some serious making up to him. 

"You think you can come three times before you get soft?" Lizzie challenged licking her lips.

"If I can't, it'll be because of that mouth of yours." He growled at her playfully.

Another hour went by as they rode enjoying the music together. She scooted up to Kerry so that he could put his hand on her thigh, tracing small circles on the inside and getting her amped up for the tryst he had planned.

When they reached the clearing, Kerry turned off the road heading back the dirt lane by the abandoned house. Once they stopped Kerry got out and went to the trunk grabbing the blanket inside and taking it out. The air was pretty warm outside, so he spread it directly on the grass by the car. Lizzie hopped out watching him fold the large blanket in half so they could cover themselves. 

Once he was situated, Kerry stood back up and took her hand smiling. Lizzie smiled for a second, before she swept at his legs with hers and knocked Kerry flat on his back. She straddled him and pushed his arms above his head. He had the breath knocked out of him.

"I got you. You aren't supposed to be unprepared, remember." Lizzie leaned down kissing Kerry as he regained himself running his hands up into her hair and holding her to him.

"What are you going to do now that you have me?" Kerry smiled at her. He felt strange for a second as he lay there. She had a strange green glow about her. He blinked his eyes trying to rid himself of the aura assuming it was from her rather unexpected sweep of him onto the ground. 

"Oh my, I think I'm going to have to taste you first." Lizzie smiled at him and Kerry groaned in response. Her scent increased as she moved down his body. Her hands seized on his belt undoing it slowly making sure that her body was close enough to graze over his cock, which was already hard underneath his jeans.

"Ooo, Z...you are teasing the hell out of me." Kerry loved how she mouthed him through his jeans while she worked on his button and zipper. Once those were undone, she took her time to mouth him through his boxer briefs as well. Kerry was moaning for her by the time she freed his cock started to tease him further.

"I love how you feel Kerry, it makes me so excited. Your smell right now too, my God." Lizzie moaned the words as she licked his length and nibbled at his head.

"Please baby..., you're making me crazy." Kerry groaned out as he clenched his hands next to his body. He didn't want to grab onto her head yet, wanting instead to let Lizzie take her time. 

Lizzie couldn't wait anymore and slid his length into her mouth as far as she could. His sharp gasp made her pussy water in anticipation. He looked so sexy when he laid back and took pleasure from her. She loved that he allowed her to make him feel good. There was no place that she would rather be right then besides here with Kerry. The smell of earth and countryside filled her nostrils mixing with his musk as she reveled in the feel of him in her mouth.

Kerry's mind got lost in the feeling of her hot mouth on him. He dared not look down or he was afraid this moment would be over before he got to enjoy it fully. The way her tongue slid over his shaft and then moved up savoring his head had him speechless and his toes practically curling in his shoes. 

Lizzie moved faster suddenly wanting to feel Kerry getting harder on her tongue, hoping he would let her finish him before he took control. She ran a hand up and under his shirt, feeling his stomach beneath her palm as she enjoyed him. It was so glorious to be out here with him.

When Lizzie's movements grew faster, Kerry couldn't help but look down. He loved seeing her bob on him. Her hand gripped his stomach letting him know how exciting this was for her. Most girls he had been with thought of this as a chore, but not her. She loved it, loved seeing him in pleasure just as he loved tasting her. He adored that about her. 

As he gazed down, her scent took over his nostrils and he saw that green aura come from her once more. He felt a seizing in his chest suddenly as he caught a glimpse of her mark underneath her tight bun. A strange burning overtook his nerves and all he could think about was how much he wanted to be inside of her. He needed to feel her body wrapped around him, wanted to bury himself inside of her.

"Stop, Z, I want to cum inside of you." Kerry barked out hoarsely as she continued.

"Please let me taste the first one tonight. Please, I want it." Lizzie moaned to him before going back to enjoying his body.

"No." Kerry barked the word sitting up and grabbing her head to pull it from his cock. The green aura was all around her now and her mark was glowing. He swore he saw it glowing, but that wasn't possible. A moment ago he was fine with having her mouth on him, but now he needed to feel her body. 

"Please Kerry?" Lizzie asked him looking into his eyes. Something there wasn't normal, wasn't him. She tilted her head trying to place it, eager to get back to him but a twinge of something off caught in her throat.

"I said no, turn around for me." Kerry's words were odd. He actually didn't like to take her from behind. He had always said he enjoyed watching her face while he was with her. He was always so gentle needing to be begged to fuck her hard. It was a definite contrast to Jeff who was more than happy to get rough and to take her any way that made them both scream.

"I don't want to Kerry; let me have you like this." She said to him, and then saw a new look on his face. It was cold and unyielding. He wasn't asking her, he was telling her what to do and she had just said that she didn't want it that way. He was no longer her sweet lover who was enjoying this evening with her.

Kerry didn't speak. He grabbed her arms and threw her sideways so her elbows struck the ground. She was taken aback by his actions and then she felt him behind her. He shimmied her skirt up and over her ass leaning down to smell her pussy. It would normally have been exciting to have him there, but this was different. It felt wrong and Lizzie was suddenly very aware of how much larger Kerry was than her. She may have bested him in training, but he was not giving her his full strength. If he did, there was a part of her that knew she had no chance at escape.

Not even thinking, Lizzie drew her leg up and kicked backwards connecting her barefoot with Kerry's chest and knocking him backwards. She scrambled to her feet and started to walk towards the car, clearly telling him this adventure was over.

"Fuck. Where are you going? Get back here." He sounded so distant to her and suddenly she felt him grab her from behind. He had her completely encased in his arms as he walked forward towards the trunk of the car. 

"Kerry, let me go, I wanna go back to the bunker now. Stop being an asshole." She was furious and terrified.

"You're mine, and I'm going to make you mine." His words sent a cold chill down her spine. That wasn't Kerry at all. Scenario after scenario ran through her head. Was he possessed? Had he been drugged? Was this a game?

"Kerry if this is some kind of game, you can stop now, I'm not interested." She tried to laugh.

He shoved her down so she lay across the Torino's trunk before him. He had her pinned. She couldn't move. Her hands were on either side of her gripping the trunk trying to force herself up. He was so strong though, unyielding to her efforts. She felt him force her skirt up with the other arm and then he ripped her panties off of her harshly.

"Ow, stop it...let me go. What are you doing?" Rational thought had left her as she was held against the trunk. When she felt his cock at her entrance, it became clear what he intended to do. Her body was still wet from her time with him before, but she knew that wouldn't help her in the current state of shock and fright. This was not going to feel good.

Kerry groaned as he slammed himself into her completely. Lizzie cried out feeling pain split through her body where pleasure had been so many times before with him. 

"No, no...Kerry you're hurting me please stop. Please stop." Her hands flailed at him. Quickly he seized them both pinning them with one hand above her head painfully. Lizzie was left to sob against the trunk and cry out for someone who would not come to her. She closed her eyes praying to Tom, hoping that he would hear her. She hadn't seen him since the night they had slept together and knew it was because of what she had said to him. Then, she cried out to every angel she had ever known, just hoping one would hear her pleas.

Her ears were filled with her useless cries and whimpers. Kerry's grunting and groaning a distant noise that barely reached her. When she felt his hips start to move faster she was relieved thinking that he was close to finishing and she would be released. It was the only possible end to this madness.

"Mine." Kerry let out a single word as he came inside of her. Then, he leaned down licking over her mark. Lizzie froze and her eyes grew wide. After all this, it could get worse. Now, she understood, Kerry was going to imprint on her and she had no choice.

"No, please no..." Her strangled cry stopped as he sank teeth into the bottom half of her mark. Lizzie's fight was gone, it was done. 

Kerry looked down tasting blood and seeing Lizzie laid out before him. He saw a green glow come from her eyes through her tears and the back of her neck glowed green beneath where his teeth had just been.

"Give me your hand." Lizzie panted the words as Kerry's grip loosened on her arms. Her mind had completely blanked, and Lizzie no longer was present as she had been during the brutal assault. She pushed herself up slightly. He placed his left hand beneath her head unsure of what was next. 

He saw small fangs appear from beneath her top lip. Lizzie's eyes seared with green as she moved to him and pierced the flesh on his hand. Kerry yelled out at the sensation. Once she had left her mark, she released her head back to the trunk. Her eyes returned to their normal color.

Kerry shook his head, trying to remember how he had gotten to this. How he had ended up with Lizzie beneath him against the trunk. He pulled his cock from her trying to reconcile what had just happened. Lizzie did not move. He looked down and saw dark staining on his underwear and the bottom of his shirt. Kerry touched it and raised his fingers to his eyes. Even in the dim lighting, he knew it was blood. He tasted the same on his lips and terror struck through his heart.
