 Lizzie was in her room having stripped her clothes and thrown them in the trash. She sat on her bed now, naked and holding the whiskey bottle. Her mind was becoming number by the second as she drank gulps of the amber liquid.

"Hello." Tom's voice startled her, but all she could muster was looking up. She had on no clothes figuring that at some point she would muster the courage to go to the showers after the boys were asleep. It was then that she could wash the filth of Kerry off of her.

"Tom...I called for you, but you didn't come." She slurred in her speech as she looked up at him. 

"Lizzie, I am so sorry. I could barely hear you, if I had known I would have come in an instant." Tom was terrified by her appearance. She sat naked curled into herself against the pillows. Bruises adorned her wrists, chest and legs. Blood had pooled on the bed beneath her and had dried in a line down her chest from the back of her neck.

"It's okay, I'm sorry I was a bitch to you before. You never hurt me, you just wanted to help...I didn't know Tom." She was slurring strongly now, the alcohol setting in.

"It is I who was sorry; I helped you closer to your doom. I thought you would never want to see me again."

"I love you Tom, I could never hate you. I hate that monster out there. He...he...Tom he wouldn't stop." Fresh tears sprang from her eyes. 

"Show me what he did." Tom placed a hand on the side of Lizzie's face closing his eyes. With her permission, he could look into her memories and thoughts. He tried not to pry usually, but this was a time that he had to know exactly what happened between her and Kerry. 

The memory of them kissing in the open field was one of fondness for her, but then a dark edge formed. He saw the horrible way Kerry pushed her onto the Torino and the ensuing attacking. As he heard her screaming and crying, a tear came to his own eye. He had never cried before, but to see her in pain was enough to push him there. At the end, the sight of her being bitten and biting Kerry in return solidified the truthfulness of what Jeff had gathered.

"Did you see?" Lizzie asked, her green eyes meeting his searching for someone to truly understand what happened to her.

"My god, I am so sorry he hurt you like that. Let me heal what I can. Hold still." Tom channeled energy into his hand letting his grace spread to Lizzie's body. She felt the ache in her pussy stop as she healed from the inside out. The bruises on her body following. The burning pain on the back of her neck never stopped though as Tom stopped touching her.

"My neck Tom, heal my mark please. Take back the imprinting." She cried letting her body relax into the bed without pain for the first time since her return.

"I cannot Lizzie. I tried, but I cannot. Would you like to shower now? I can make sure Kerry is no longer there and take you without seeing him." 

"Tom, I love you. Will you please?" Lizzie curled onto her side after taking another large swig from the bottle.

She did not have to ask again as he disappeared from her vision. Finding no one in the shower after checking, Tom returned to her room. He picked Lizzie up in his arms and flashed into the shower room. 

"I will go and make sure Kerry and Jeff do not come in here. Take your time Lizzie, and I will come and take you back when you are done. Just pray for me." 

He was gone again as Lizzie turned on the water waiting for it to get warm. Somehow the healing had not taken away the feel of Kerry on her. It had removed the majority of the physical injuries, but the look in his eyes wouldn't leave her memory.

**************************************

Tom appeared in the kitchen where Kerry and Jeff both sat drinking together. There was silence all around them and heaviness in the air.

"How is she?" Kerry looked at him genuinely concerned.

"You have harmed her more than I can heal. She was my charge Kerry, you have injured her. You do not understand how angry that makes me." Tom's eyes glowed blue as he looked at Kerry, rage and hate burning on his face.

"Tom, hey wait, he didn't mean to hurt her any more than you meant to when you helped her break the gate. It's Kerry Tom, it's Kerry." Jeff jumped up, grabbing onto Tom's hand that was slowly rising towards Kerry.

"I will show you what your partner has done. I will show you both." Tom reached out placing his hands on the side of both Kerry and Jeff's heads. He closed his eyes willing the memory of what Kerry had done to Lizzie to flood into their minds.

When he finished and dropped his hands, he saw tears on both their faces. Kerry jumped up, turning around and throwing up into the sink where Lizzie had when she learned about the gate involving Tom. It made Tom reflect on Jeff's words and dialed his anger back.

"Oh God Kerry, oh god. Tom how is she?" Jeff asked, realizing the level to which she had been hurt.

"She is showering, and I have healed all but the damage to her neck. I cannot heal her mark. Her physical body was quite battered internally and externally." Tom explained simply.

"I'm going to check on her, stay with Kerry." Jeff went to leave the kitchen, but a stone wall that was Tom stopped him. He had appeared in front of him so quickly Jeff had not even had time to change directions.

"No, Jeff she does not wish to see either of you. I will return when she calls and take her back to her room. I believe she wishes to remain alone for the time being. I will not allow either of you near her until she wishes." Tom was not asking or suggesting; he was telling the men how this was happening whether they liked it or not.

********************************

After returning Lizzie to her room, Tom remained with her throughout the night. She stayed in her room then even after he left to continue his efforts with Gabriel. Lizzie had no desire to leave, never wanting to see either of the two men again.

Kerry had barely eaten withdrawing into himself, while Jeff had tried to stay away from Lizzie's room as much as possible. Any trip that he made near it he had stopped to listen at her door. He couldn't bring himself to knock or call out. The images that Tom had shown him killed him inside. Kerry was his partner and he couldn't believe he would have hurt Lizzie, but that image of him being so violent with her would not leave him. 

After two days of not seeing her, Jeff gave up on hearing from Oz or talking to Kerry and resigned himself to being drunk another night so he could sleep. He wanted to hold his partner and get him through this and he wanted to hold Lizzie too, but he couldn't bring himself to approach either of them. There he sat, drink after drink reaching bottom as the images ran through his mind. It dawned on him at some point that now his partner was bonded to her and so she could never be his again. It was now a matter of time waiting to see if they could protect her from a second mating. Kerry though was already connected to her. Jeff would gladly have taken the burden of hurting her that Kerry had, as long as it meant that she would always be a part of his life. The thought of never having sex with her again had not bothered him. It was the thought of losing that connection with her that had.

Another drink down the gullet and Jeff felt a strong need. He needed to see Lizzie. He wanted to try to make her feel better, to try to have any intimacy with her. It was supposed to be his turn to apologize and then they would have fun together. It was not supposed to work out as it had.

Before Jeff realized it, he was walking down the hallway to Lizzie's door. He had to try. When he reached it, he knocked lightly. His alcohol haze made his heart ache for her.

"Yes." A weak voice came from behind the door. It was a voice he had longed to hear.

"Baby, it's Jeff, can I come in?" He ventured out hoping that she would at least open the door.

"Just a minute." Her words were refreshing. It was a chance. Jeff heard the door lock shift and the handle turned. It opened only a crack and there she was.

"Hey, can I come in and chat?" 

"Are you alone?"

"Yes, I swear. I just want to talk." 

"Jeff you're drunk, you should go to bed."

"Lizzie, I just...I want to hold you. I feel so helpless, and I need to make it better." He was so sweet and it melted Lizzie's heart. She had figured Jeff would take Kerry's side and think of her in some horrible way, but he didn't have that in his eyes. He had love in his eyes. Then she realized just how unfair it was to him. It was Kerry that had hurt her and she had shut Jeff out. Granted it was his partner, but still he loved her.

"Come in Jeff, so I can close the door." Lizzie opened the door wide enough to let him enter, and closed it behind her.

"Look, I don't know what to say to you. Tom showed us what happened, and god I'm so sorry baby. He didn't mean to hurt you. I just...god I'm so sorry." He had a tear in his eye as he spoke and Lizzie took his hand.

It was then that the scent of Lizzie's heat struck Jeff completely. A green haze hit the edges of his mind and anger crept into him. It was anger that he could not rationalize and he shook his head to get rid of it assuming it was the alcohol making him irrational. His hand gripped her firmly.

"Jeff, ow, you're hurting me." 

"Sorry, I just, baby I want to make love to you."

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Lizzie couldn't believe he had just said that. 

"I can't believe he gets you. Neither of us was supposed to be your mate. It was the only way I could always have you, even if it was only a part of you." 

"He doesn't get me Jeff, he claimed me and I didn't want this. I will always love you, but you knew how this would end. You knew it was temporary. I warned you it would not be pleasant, and now I'm just waiting for the other monster to complete it all." 

"But, I need you."

"Jeff I think you should leave now." 

"I think you should turn around, bend over, and let me have you."

"Fuck you, get the hell out of my room you son of a bitch." Lizzie pulled her hand back and slapped Jeff across the face. His eyes changed after she did it, taking on a darkness around the edges. The love and care had left and for the second time in only days she felt terrified.

Jeff hauled back and slapped Lizzie across the face. She fell down blacking out instantly.

*********************

When Lizzie awoke, reality started to fade back in. It was then she realized that she was bent over the edge of her bed. A heavy weight above her and a sharp pain in her lower body were amplified by a dull ache in her head.

As more came into focus, Lizzie realized Jeff's cock was inside of her and he was hunched over her back. He was grunting as he plowed into her.

"Jeff? No, please stop. Please." She begged out realizing that her hands were tied tightly above her head with her own shirt. Her mind reeled with questions as she felt each intrusion become harsher and harsher as Jeff neared his release.

When Jeff saw Lizzie passed out, a green haze surrounded her. He couldn't resist his thoughts then needing to be inside of her. He had to try to claim her as his also; Kerry could not be the only one to have her. He had almost expected to be physically unable to take her, but his fear was not realized as he rammed himself into her mercilessly. Jeff felt like he was in a dream, seeing himself do things to her that he never wanted to do in real life.

As he approached his release, Jeff focused in on her mark, seeing it glow green. Her energy was incredible right now. He felt like he understood what Tom had told him. As she came to, Jeff didn't seem to care, but instead continued seeking his own release.

"Unhhhhh." Jeff came pouring himself into her after a few more rough thrusts. He leaned down then taking a lick across her mark before plunging his teeth into her neck. Lizzie cried out in pain. 

"Give me your hand." Her words came out quietly and Jeff couldn't help but comply sliding his hand to her mouth. Lizzie hovered over him, small fangs extending past her upper lip until she sunk them into his hand drawing blood. 

It was then that the fog lifted and Jeff realized the situation before him. He had come in to hold her and comfort her, how had he ended up having sex with her, something he thought impossible? And, was it blood he tasted on his lips? Jeff pulled himself back releasing his cock from her body. He looked down at himself seeing blood on his hand and blood coming from Lizzie's body. The blood on his barely open jeans confirmed the unthinkable. He had hurt her just like Kerry had two nights before. 

"Oh fuck, I'm so sorry Lizzie, let me untie you." Jeff hurriedly untied her hands freeing her. He saw the bruises as she pulled her arms to her sides. 

"YOU BASTARD!! HOW COULD YOU?" Lizzie screamed at him. She pulled her pants and panties up over her bruised body. Her mind worked faster now, considering what she could do.

"Lizzie? Are you okay, I heard a scream?" Kerry was in the doorway of her room. He looked between Lizzie and Jeff. He sensed that something had gone horribly wrong. He looked over his partner seeing blood on his open jeans and the blood dripping down his hand. Lizzie's bare neck and back had blood slowly trickling down. 

"You are both monsters. Complete fucking monsters." Lizzie sputtered out, tears down her face. 

"Jeff what the fuck happened?" Kerry asked staring at his partner. Lizzie took the chance at the distraction Kerry provided and she lunged at her nightstand seizing the gun Jeff bought her the year before from the drawer and cocking it. The sound made both partners stop and look at her.

"Whoa Lizzie, hey put it down." Kerry focused on the gun at the sound of it being cocked.

"No, fuck you. Both of you get out of this room."

"I'm so sorry baby, I didn't mean to. I don't know how it happened." Jeff cried reaching out to her.

"I don't care. Both of you motherfuckers will get out of here or I will shoot you." 

"Okay, okay, we're leaving. " Kerry walked in a step further grabbing Jeff and pulling him out of the room with him. 

Lizzie held the gun steadied at them until they had both left the room completely. She walked over slamming the door and throwing the lock. Once done, she pulled the desk chair over sliding the back under the door handle, propping it precariously. Once they were gone, Lizzie prayed for Tom. She begged for him to come, to help her, but he never appeared. 

She contemplated the situation and took out her bag starting to pack. She had to get out of here once the guys were distracted and she could sneak away. 

******************

Hours went by as Lizzie sat on her bed. She had cleaned up as best she could in her sink and then finished her packing. Now, she was waiting, just waiting for silence. When she peeked out of the door at 3 am, she heard nothing from the rest of the bunker and the smell of the two men was far away. She pulled her bag out of the room and silently slipped down the hallway to the garage. Her car was thankfully moved inside the bunker, so once inside she was able to start it and pull out. Once on the main road, Lizzie floored it. Her calls to Tom had died out as she realized he wasn't going to come. Now, all she wanted to do was get to Oz's, someone who had made her feel safe in the past. It was only one day until her heat would be gone, and surely he could protect her until then.

**********************************************

Tom returned to the bunker after finding no more information despite exhaustive searching. When he entered the library, he found Kerry and Jeff both sitting at the long wooden table. They had drinks in hand and looked exhausted.

"Hello, has she left her room yet?" Tom asked them. He wanted to check to see if anything had changed with them first.

"Yep, you could say that." Jeff put out simply.

"How is she?" Tom inquired simply.

"She left Tom; we haven't seen her since last night." Kerry slurred.

"What do you mean? Where is she now?" 

"Gone, Tom, she's gone. Can you find her so we know she is okay?" Jeff asked looking up at him with bloodshot eyes.

It was then that Tom realized what had felt different when he reached the bunker. He could no longer feel Lizzie at all. He always had a sense of where she was as his charge. He could go to her immediately when needed, but now her presence was gone. How had he not realized that she was gone from him?

"I...I cannot sense her. Has harm come to her?" Tom was worried striding up to Jeff's side and placing a hand firmly on top of his head. The images from Jeff's assault on Lizzie flooded his mind and his heart cried out. She was in so much pain in those images...so much pain.

"Show me Tom, show me." Tom focused allowing the repressed memories from Jeff to flood back into his mind. Jeff stood up when his hand was released grabbing a chair and tossing it violently across the room. He stood huffing, wanting to kill himself for what he had done to her. He had surmised what happened, but the reality was so much worse.

"I need to see it too Tom." Kerry stood up walking next to the angel, who shared the same vision with him. It only compounded the pain from knowing what he had done to her. It was horrendous

"Tom, where is she? You need to find her and heal her." Jeff was looking at him with his eyes begging.

"Jeff, I cannot sense her. I don't know what happened, but I cannot sense her. Her presence in my mind has disappeared. She is gone." 

"We were the last gates. I can't believe we were the last gates. I suppose it's better that we not find her now. I just, I want her to not be in pain Tom." Kerry let the words fall out as tears streamed over his face.

"That is why I cannot find her, she is ungated. I will not be able to sense her again." Tom sat heavily into a chair reaching out for the bottle so he could attempt to join the two men in oblivion. 

"Then, we'll just have to figure out how to keep her safe and reverse it all." Jeff was stern with his jaw clenched tightly as he stood staring at them.

"It may not be that simple guys." Tom chimed in. 

"Why, what did you learn?" Kerry's fears crept back in.

"It seems that Gabriel did not tell you that while her mates can impregnate her, well there is a chance something else can as well. It seems there is another manuscript created by Lizzie's mother that allows for another beast to use her to breed. So, it is best if none of knows where Lizzie is now that she is no longer gated. We could be putting her in danger if others followed us." Tom shook his head.

"I'll call Oz and let him know in case she makes contact. And, maybe he can help us track down this bitch mother of hers. I won't let her die on my watch, so until this is behind her I'm not going to stop trying." Jeff was determined as he pulled out his phone.

"I'm with you Jeff. We all love her too much to let her go." Kerry's words created a pact between the three men to save their beloved Lizzie at all costs.