 The car ride was tense as none of them spoke. Lizzie sat in the back as the guys nervously fidgeted with whatever was available for them in the front seat. She meanwhile stared out the window wondering what she would do when this was all over. The thought of not being with these men that she had grown to love cut her to the core, but she knew it was the best thing for her. Those thoughts plagued her as she closed her eyes.

"Looks like we have about 15 minutes left." Jeff gave a quick update. It was the first one since she had fallen asleep and it roused Lizzie instantly from her light slumber in the back of the Torino.

"She's expecting us. I texted her a few minutes ago." Kerry tried to keep things going.

"Good. And guys, thank you for this." Lizzie looked into the rearview mirror catching Jeff's eyes. He looked as if he was on the verge of crying.

"It's the least we can do. You know we just want you to be okay, and be able to be happy Lizzie. It's all we've ever wanted." Kerry looked at her softly and she felt so loved in his gaze again. 

"I know, and honestly, I wish it didn't have to be this way, but I just want..."

"You don't have to say it Lizzie. We know, and if we could change everything we would. Let's just get to this witch and go from there." Jeff looked at her with that same love in his eyes from the rearview mirror.

From there, it was small dirt road after small dirt road and Lizzie felt the anxiety rising in her as she thought about taking everything back that had happened. It was almost too intense as she watched the houses go by. When the car finally pulled into a small driveway, she carefully opened the door taking in the small bungalow type house in front of them. It was so modest, and yet completely what you'd expect of a witch she presumed. They were supposed to meet both women tonight and hopefully resolve everything.

The guys both got out and they all approached the small porch quietly. Jeff took a deep breath and knocked, only to have the door push open a little when he did. He glanced at Kerry and they both went onto high alert, instantly pulling their guns in anticipation of what might be on the other side of the door.

With a nod of his head, Jeff pushed it open. Kerry sprang forward ready for whatever. Lizzie stood unsure of what might be next, but a very bad feeling crept into her stomach as she waited.

"Sweet Jesus!" Jeff's words rang out as he made his way inside and then skirted to the left. An older woman sat at the kitchen room table, slumped forward. Her eyes had been burned out and blood pulled on the floor at her feet.

"Back there." Kerry's quick command had Jeff heading towards the hallway while he skirted around the kitchen heading into the living room gun leveled as he searched for anyone in the home.

"Hey, come out here." Jeff's words rang out as Lizzie slowly stepped into the kitchen taking stock of the older woman's body slumped over. She couldn't believe how sad the scene was before her. When Jeff came into the kitchen again, he had a woman at gun point in front of him. She resembled the old woman at the table, and Lizzie immediately registered that this might be the daughter they were seeking.

"We're all clear back here." Kerry re-entered the room, gun leveled at the woman alongside Jeff's.

"Start talking, who are you?" Jeff was gruff with her as Lizzie stood trying to take it all in.

"Me? Oh, well, let's just say I'm a friend of a friend." The girl smiled at him, and it struck Lizzie as out of place immediately.

"Kerry, do you have any holy oil on you?" The question seemed odd, and then Lizzie started to piece it all together.

"She's a demon?" The question seemed so out of place as she looked at the young woman.

"Oh my, and who are you little girl? Wait, don't tell me. I know your face...oh yes, I took one just like it off your mother. Would you like to see it?" The young girl snarled at her and Lizzie's eyes grew wide.

"Here you go Jeff." Kerry threw a small flask to his partner, who unscrewed the top and splashed some of the liquid from inside onto the creature before him. It sizzled as it struck her, and she cried out at the feeling.

"Now, start talking, or I light your ass on fire with this all over you." He wasn't angry as he spoke, striking Lizzie as odd. She hadn't seen Jeff really work before and now that he was he was completely level and in control. 

"What would you like to know?" 

"First of all, who are you?"

"My name isn't relevant."

"Fine, what are you doing here?" Kerry chimed in and walked around to face the creature. Both men had positioned themselves in front of Lizzie instinctively protecting her with their bodies in case something went wrong.

"I'm here to tie up some loose ends. This lovely woman here was about to undo something we've all been waiting for...oh damn, for almost...well how old are you Elizabator?" Lizzie's face fell as the word came out. No one called her that, no one.

"How do you know my name?" 

"Maleena screamed it when she was dying, begging us to let you out of your dear old Dad's contract. She was so pretty in pain, just like you'll be when you die birthing some fantastic hellspawn." She laughed maniacally.

"You bastard! Tell me where my mother is." She wanted the information now. If her mother was alive still then she might have the answers Lizzie needed.

"Poor girl. Once the higher ups found out your little boyfriends were heading for the witch we figured something was up. And, with some persuasion, Maleena was happy to provide us the details of her treachery."

"I think you've talked to her about enough, so here's how this is going to go. I am going to exorcise your ass all the way back to hell or I'll burn you in holy oil and you'll just be gone. The choice is yours either you let the poor girl go that you're in or I kill you both." Jeff was firm and Lizzie didn't know what to say.

"She's already dead, and with her the key to making poor Elizabator whole again. When I leave, she'll just be a corpse like mommy dearest is. You see we don't need the locator spell anymore. We have other options now." He snarled and with a quick pulse black smoke emanated from the girl's pores. It gathered into a small cloud and then disappeared. Lizzie stood staring as the body slumped to the floor. Her eyes were open, but no life was in them any longer.

"Wait, no. She's dead...dead...no, no..." She dropped to the floor near the girl staring at her last vestige of hope at leading a normal life.

"Lizzie, I'm sorry, but we have to go. They know we're here, so we have to get on the road before something else comes. We'll go back to Oz's and he might have another idea."

"She's dead, there are no more ideas. These women died, and for what? So, I could have a chance at a normal life. Let's face it. I've told you both before I'm destined for misery, now it's just a question of when it will come and how bad it will be." 

Lizzie walked outside and only made it about 50 feet towards the car before a large arm seized her around the neck from behind. She heard the house door slam, and a yell from Kerry, but it seemed so far away. Her mind reeled at the sensation taking in the leathery feel of the skin on her neck and calculating what she could do. Her training left her brain as the arm pulled her in tighter cutting off what little air supply she had left. 

"I'm going to enjoy putting a baby in you little girl." Lizzie's eyes flew open at the disgusting words that came from behind her head. She felt a surge then as if her body was full of electricity. Her heart rate slowed and everything around her seemed to go into slow motion. She focused in on the thought of how vile it would be to be impregnated with a being from whatever was holding her. And, then a green pulse of light escaped her. 

In the next instant, Lizzie was laying on the grass in front of the bungalow. Her chest heaved as she tried to breathe. Her vision had a green halo around it. In another second, sounds started to flood into her. 

"Lizzie? Lizzie, can you hear me?" Jeff's concerned face appeared in front of her as he leaned down. Kerry was kneeling next to him in an instant.

"Yes, yes. What...what happened?" 

"We were hoping you could tell us." Kerry's words made her sit up and look around. There were bits of flesh and sinew all around her in a circle and her eyes grew wide.

"Was that me?" She looked around and at the equally stunned faces of her two mates.

"I think we found out what your powers are." Jeff smiled at her.

From there, the three of them hopped into the Torino and made quick work of calling Oz. Lizzie sat in the back stunned at what had just happened, but strangely comforted by the fact that she was able to protect herself. She hadn't really been in a desperate situation since the last gate opened, so this was all new. 

**************************

On the way to Oz's the three managed to drive without stopping at a hotel, trading off driving every few hours. It was somehow much easier now that they had something to discuss that was new for them all. Lizzie found solace in being able to talk without all the baggage. Soon, they all were somehow okay with the witch and her hope of normalcy gone. Maybe it was the fact that she could protect herself or maybe it was just coming to terms with what happened. In any event, by the time they returned to Oz's house, they were all exhausted and went to the spare bedrooms without much more discussion.

A quick breakfast the next morning was all Lizzie could take before she had to head out again. It was a few hours to her cabin and as much as she was enjoying the fact that she had such a kick ass power now; she still wanted to be home sooner rather than later.

"Are you heading home?" Kerry asked as they threw their bags into the Torino.

"Yep, where are you guys heading?" She smiled at him as she stood near Henry.

"We're between cases so probably head to a safe house a few hours north to hole up until something happens." Jeff joined them as they stood in the morning sunlight. It was nice to be there with them like this, and as much as she knew it was probably a bad idea; Lizzie didn't want to say goodbye to them.

"Well if you guys have nowhere else to be, I live a few hours north and you guys can come and crash there tonight before going back to a safe house. You both look tired and so am I. I can make us dinner, and maybe we can even talk over some whiskey." Lizzie put it out there.

"Sounds amazing, and then maybe you'll want to come to the safe house with us. You do have another 3 weeks of dealing with your heat right?" Jeff asked trying to invite her back so they could at least chat, but knowing it had to be her decision to come. 

"My house for a day or so, and then I think I'll be just fine. Follow me boys." She hopped into Henry.

******************************

For lunch, they enjoyed a few drinks and some good pasta that Lizzie prepared. Some of the tension resolved, but knowing that Lizzie still had this curse on her meant that they had not saved her and would have to start trying again.

After lunch, Lizzie had poured them all drinks so they could sit and chat. She wasn't sure how she would ever get past would they had done to her, but being with them the past few days had at least helped her feel better. She was worried that opening that door was too much, though, given that she knew what the results of getting pregnant might be and she knew that both men were likely candidates for that. She could only hope that knowing the future wouldn't necessarily make it happen.

*****************************

"Oh shit, hey slow down and tell me what happened." Jeff heard Lizzie on the phone obviously distressed.

He got up from couch where he had passed out and walked towards her office. Kerry had made his way to the spare bedroom upstairs where he was still crashed out.

"The arraignment is tomorrow? I don't know if I can make that." Lizzie was freaking out on the phone having heard that one of her longtime clients had just been arrested for embezzlement. He was understandably crazy and now that he had bailed out thanks to her work an hour earlier he was at home stressing. She couldn't not help him out, but at the same time she was in heat. How the hell was she going to go to court with her scent so high?

"Craig, Craig, calm down. Look, I'm not sure how I'm going to work it out, but I will. I will be there tomorrow morning and we'll get through this together. I have to go now and make arrangements." She hung up with a deep sigh and slumped down into the desk chair.

"Everything okay?" Jeff's voice startled her from thought.

"Yeah, one of my longtime clients just got arrested and both the company and he are freaking out. I got a call a few hours ago. I've been on the phone trying to work everything out since then. Not exactly easy considering I haven't done criminal defense work in years now." Lizzie let the stress of the morning come pouring out.

"Wow, I guess I forgot that you have a real, adult career. It's kind of neat to see you this way." Jeff smiled.

"Well, the shitty thing is that he doesn't want any other attorney with him, and I can't piss off this client. I mean corporate clients are hard to come by and one that pays this well isn't one you blow off. So, I will just have to figure this out. I have no idea how I'm going to go in public in heat, though. I can't exactly blow someone up in front of the courthouse." 

"We'll go with you to court. It won't be that bad, I mean we'll get to see what you used to do and I love a sexy lawyer outfit. If you want our help it's yours." Jeff tried to make light of it all.

"Hey guys, what's up? That bed is crazy comfortable Lizzie; I haven't slept that well in forever." Kerry came into the room yawning and stretching.

"Hey Kerry, just a client emergency." Lizzie smiled at him, feeling her warm feelings creep back in hiding the bad memories that still plagued her.

"Lizzie has to be in court tomorrow morning, and I told her we didn't mind staying an extra day and going with her." Jeff chimed in.

"If it means sleeping in that bed more, no problem at all." Kerry yawned.

Lizzie spent the next hour lining up the bail issues in case something happened at Craig's arraignment, and then of course working with his company to resolve their stress. It seemed she was on a never ending set of phone calls. She had not even stopped to eat dinner. Kerry, thankfully, had gone out and bought dinner for all of them.

After dinner, they sat down to have a drink together and Kerry excused himself going to the spare bedroom so he could continue some research he had started.

Lizzie sat in the chair near Jeff watching t.v. with him in relative quiet. A few minutes later, she excused herself to go up to her bedroom to try to get some rest. She had completely forgotten about her scent with all the work she was involved in.

*************************

A knock on the door drew her attention up from the book she was reading as she sat in her bed in her shorts and tank top.

"Come in." 

Jeff opened the door and walked in, closing it behind him. 

"Hi, so I was wondering if we could chat." Jeff was shy almost in his approach.

"Um, okay." she wasn't sure what to expect from him. He did have a tendency to be emotionally stunted.

"Listen, I just want you to know that it has been good to hang out with you again these last few days regardless of the circumstances. I missed you like crazy." Jeff was raw and open, the way he was with those he loved.

"It has been good, I kind of miss you guys too, but it's just so damn complicated." She sighed as Jeff came over sitting on the edge of the bed furthest from her.

"I know, and I know that I can never fix what I did. I...I...I fucked up, fate or no fate, I fucked up and if I could do anything to take it back. I can't though, and I have to live with what I did, and with knowing that no matter how bad it hurts me...the pain you must feel I can't even comprehend. There were so many times I just wished that I hadn't been drinking that night or that I hadn't come into your room..." A tear rolled down Jeff's cheek.

"Jeff, I'm not sure what to think of it all, but I have to move forward and regret won't help me do that. Like I told you before, this is my lot in life. Oh fuck!!" Lizzie's slow thoughts turned to an immediate concern.

"What's up? You okay?" Jeff was really concerned wiping the tear on his hand and turning to her.

"I just realized I'm going to court in the morning and my scent is ridiculous. I have to go ask Kerry to help me out." Lizzie thought aloud.

"He may have passed out, last I saw him he was pretty close to asleep. Want me to go get him?" Jeff asked, trying to avoid his desire to volunteer.

"Um, no let him sleep. I...I'll just..." Lizzie stammered looking at him and realizing that it really was a much better cover to be with one of them then doing this herself. And, given the stress of the next morning, she couldn't chance her scent creating a major issue.

"Jeff, does your offer from the other day still stand?" His eyes rose up and he looked her squarely, searching for her feelings.

"Always, I told I will always help you. Is that something you're ready for?" He reached his hand out touching hers.

"If you don't mind maybe being under the covers, then I'm willing to chance it sucking if you are willing to chance it being awesome." She smiled a faint smile trying to put their last time together out of her mind as she drifted back to their first.

"Lay back beautiful, let me make you feel good." There was the Jeff she knew and loved. Lizzie scooted backwards tucking under the top sheet on her bed. He looked at her and then peeled his t-shirt over his head and discarded it off the side of the bed. 

Jeff moved under the covers so he was completely hidden from sight before taking her shorts in both hands and peeling them down. She wore no panties so she was revealed to him immediately. Even in the dimly lit room, Jeff felt his dick come to life at the sight of her. Her smell was intoxicating from here and as he moved in between her legs his mouth watered at the thought of tasting her body once more.

Lizzie was frozen in place, hoping that her body would relax as Jeff trailed fingers over her thighs. When he leaned down taking a long lick over her pussy, she sighed recalling how good it was to have his mouth on her. He moved slowly licking the inside of her thighs on either side and felt her relax as he did. 

When his mouth was back on her, she was wet all on her own. His slow exploration of her folds made her close her eyes to enjoy the feeling. Jeff was always incredible at this, mostly because he enjoyed it so damn much. 

His continued onslaught grew faster and faster as he focused on her clit making her breathing get heavier. Jeff grunted against her as she moved her legs closer together and tilted her hips up to meet his mouth.

"Oh yes." She moaned out as he continued. He hesitantly brushed a finger over her entrance causing her to clench instinctively. A deep breath and she spread her legs a little further inviting him to enter her.

Jeff slid his finger inside slowly and she felt the wonderful pleasure in having him rub over her g spot while still tasting her clit. When he introduced a second finger, she could feel herself approaching her release. Jeff moaned into her as his free hand roped around her hip holding her in place.

"Jeff...I'm so close." She was panting as she tried in vain to shift her hips against him. Her hand went under the sheet grazing through his hair which made him curl and pull hard against her g-spot causing thunder to roll through her body. She groaned as the darkness of her closed eyes erupted into a thousand little white lights.
