 Returning from court had been interesting. It was the first time that Kerry and Jeff had seen her as someone other than the girl in heat. Lizzie couldn't help but notice that they each eyed her as she moved around the courtroom. It was obvious that her suit was doing the same thing for them that it did for the prosecutor. She smiled at the thought that she was so alluring in the outfit.

When they returned to the cabin, Lizzie had to start work right away. She started making phone calls from her home office and wandering about as she often did trying to think about next steps. It was about three when both guys decided that they would go into town and grab some supplies. They had all decided that they should stay a few days in case she had to return to court. Lizzie was sated that day and felt good. It wasn't until late afternoon, when they had been out for a while that she started to get frustrated on the phone.

"Well, I don't particularly care what you want to do and not do while you are on bail. You need to keep a low profile. That means act like you are devastated so I can sell it if I have to." She hung up completely dialed up and waiting for herself to calm down. Getting too excited like this made her heat kick in strong, and she didn't want to be with Kerry and Jeff again if she could avoid it. 

When a knock came at the door at 5, she thought for sure it was them, but it wasn't. It was a pleasant surprise. She opened the door and there stood Jonnie. Jonnie was another agent that Oz had sent to check on her and of course to help her out when needed. Jonnie also helped to train her a little bit. She was so sexy standing in the doorway. She had on a white men's tank top and a small white camisole under it. They played perfectly on her light brown skin. Her hair, which was always short had the perfect tousled effect. 

Lizzie's smile widened as she glanced down seeing the tan khaki pants beneath. When she looked back up a pair of brown piercing eyes held her gaze. Jonnie was gorgeous; her muscles made Lizzie want to lick her arms right there in the doorway.

"Hi." Jonnie spoke to her, returning her smile.

"Hey stranger. What brings you to town?" Lizzie was coy as she caught her bottom lip. The heat between them was palpable as she stood there. Truth be told, Lizzie's other girlfriends had nothing on this woman. Jonnie was an incredible lover and from their first meeting it was clear that they had chemistry mirroring what she had with Kerry and Jeff. 

"You know, between hunts and I know it's your heat cycle. So, I came to lend a helping mouth." Her beautiful brown eyes glistened as she eyed Lizzie in the late afternoon sun. Jonnie loved how she looked in a suit and now standing in front of her in a button down sleeveless white shirt and navy pinstriped skirt, it made her mouth water. Lizzie could be so feminine and she had pictured her almost just like this the whole ride over.

"Jonnie, I...there's something I should tell you..." The crash of soft hot lips into her mouth took away Lizzie's need to speak. She was forced into the house as hands moved all over her body, eventually seizing on her ass. The heat had exploded as she knew it would. Jonnie had no patience. It was always like this when they saw each other. Within minutes, she would be pinned to a wall and she loved it. 

Their mouths wrestled as Jonnie made a path to the right and into the kitchen. Lizzie was pinned shortly to the nearest wall and Jonnie's mouth had never left hers. She moaned as she felt the grip of a soft hand around her breast. 

"God, I missed how you feel." The words sang in Lizzie's ear as she felt lips travel down her neck and a hand grip onto her ass tighter. This was exquisite. They never did end up in a bed the first time, but afterwards it seemed hard to leave one. Jonnie had been in and out of her life since she came back from Oz's. He had asked her to check in with Lizzie and then it was stolen encounters between hunts. Thank god for her too, she had done so much to help Lizzie recover and showed her there was hope for her to have an incredible sexual relationship without her mates. 

"Wait sexy...I need to tell you..." Fingers silenced her words as a second hand traveled down her leg and under Lizzie's skirt. It slid up, under Jonnie's touch, and then a soft hand cupped her pussy.

"You cum first, then you can tell me. I gotta hear you moan little girl." Lizzie groaned at the words and the slow intrusion of Jonnie's fingers into her panties. 

*******************************

Kerry and Jeff returned from the local hardware store, and made their way towards the house. They saw that the front door was ajar and both had a moment of fear. Each questioned whether they should have left her there alone, but she was engrossed in work and they figured it would be fine. At least they knew she had powers now, so she could defend herself in an emergency.

"Hey, there's a back door right?" Jeff whispered to Kerry.

"Yeah, let's go." They dropped the bags at the doorstep and made their way around back. As they moved through the house, they heard movement in the kitchen. Both drew their guns and made their way through the dining room.

"Oh God, Jonnie please...oh yes...right there." Lizzie's voice called out from the other side of the kitchen and both men stopped to stare.

"What the fuck?" Jeff mouthed to his partner with no words.

"I don't know. We have to check. Go." Kerry mouthed back to him.

They edged around the doorframe and then froze. Lizzie was pinned against the wall in the corner with a very butch, yet sexy, woman kissing her neck. Her skirt was pulled up and the other woman's hand was rubbing her pussy as Lizzie moaned out.

"Yea little girl, cum for me...let me see that beautiful face." Jonnie panted into Lizzie's neck moving her fingers faster. 

Kerry and Jeff were frozen. Kerry was slightly embarrassed at the sight, and wanted to make sure that this was consensual, although it certainly looked that way. Jeff on the other hand was getting harder by the second and was starting to get angry that someone else was touching his girl.

"Oh fuck...fuck...Jonnie inside please." Lizzie moaned, and gave Kerry his answer. He still couldn't move though, it was too incredible to see this right now. 

"Like this?" Jonnie shifted her hand shoving two fingers into Lizzie's waiting hole and kept her thumb firmly on her clit.

"OH FUCK!!" The sudden intrusion caused Lizzie to pulse around her fingers cumming hard. 

"Oh yes, baby, yes...come here." Jonnie removed her hand and picked Lizzie up by her ass cheeks turning her to carry her over to kitchen island and seating her on it. She lay her backwards admiring how beautiful Lizzie looked on the granite. Her white skin against the cool black background made her hungry for more.

"We should um...bedroom." Lizzie panted.

"Hell no, I can't wait that long to taste you." And with those words Jonnie undid the buttons of her shirt running her hand down the exposed skin of her chest and over her stomach. She slid the skirt up again and then hooked her fingers under Lizzie's panties. She pushed Lizzie back a little and her mouth descended instantly licking and sucking every inch of her pussy. Lizzie moaned in response, her eyes closed enjoying the feeling. 

"We should go." Kerry tapped Jeff's arm and whispered to his partner.

"Are you kidding?" Jeff asked back. There was no way he was leaving the best porn show he had ever seen.

"Come on." Kerry was more forceful as he clenched his jaw.

"No." Jeff swatted at him, hitting a picture frame that was seated on the windowsill and knocking it over with a loud clap.

"What the fuck?" Jonnie's voice came out as grabbed her gun from the holster on her back and drew it on the two men she had just spotted.

Kerry and Jeff drew their guns as well. 

"Whoa, hey, hey, guys, guns down. Jonnie baby it's okay, this is Kerry and Jeff." Jonnie lowered her gun as Lizzie scooted down the counter and hopped off trying to pull her skirt over her exposed pussy.

"Guys, this is Jonnie. She's an agent too." The guys lowered their guns.

"What are they doing here little girl?" Jonnie asked Lizzie, her gaze conveying how much she disapproved.

"Oz had a lead on getting my gates reclosed and it involved them. It didn't work out, and then well, it just made sense for them to come back here with me given my heat cycle and all." Lizzie tried to explain.

"You don't need them to protect you sexy, you can handle yourself. Besides, I texted you a month ago that I would be coming through town." Jonnie looked at her brushing a hand over her cheek.

"It's okay, we've made amends." She tried to answer back as best she could to those gorgeous brown eyes under that furrowed brow.

"Sorry, we uh, well the door was open, so we came in the back to make sure you were okay." Kerry muttered from the dining room.

"Yea, we barely saw any cum...anything." Jeff stammered out.

"You guys have a lot of nerve coming near her again. Amends or no amends, you treated her like a piece of shit. If she didn't care about you I would kill you right here." Jonnie was angry.

"Baby stop. I can handle this. Now, guys, um...Jonnie here has been an agent for a long time, she knows Oz really well. He sent her over after I came back to my own place and she's taken care of me in a lot of ways. So, no fighting, we're all on the same team." Lizzie made the peace despite how flustered she was. Her shirt was undone and she was sure the post-orgasm blush wasn't being helped by the embarrassment she was now feeling.

"Nice to meet you. We're happy she had an agent to watch out for her." Kerry spoke up. "We got pizza and beer while we were out, what do you say we all sit down and get to know each other a little bit.

"That sounds good, let me just um clean the table off real quick." Lizzie moved away flittering towards the sink and buttoning her shirt on the way.

"Fine." Jonnie was not happy at all, but realized that Lizzie wasn't about to allow her to take it out on these guys. It also didn't help that she wanted her girl in about a dozen different positions before she would be contented for the night.

Lizzie cleaned the table while the boys left returning with two pizza boxes and two six packs. They all sat down and soon were able to start into some fairly basic conversations. A few beers in and they were chatting about various assignments they had been on. It was then that Lizzie noticed just how similar Jonnie and Jeff were. They were such kindred spirits and hearing them trade stories made her smile. It was something she had never really noticed before, but it was nice all the same. The fact that the tension in the room was resolving was nice too.

"Okay, guys, I'm heading to bed." Lizzie smiled standing up and putting their dishes in the sink.

"I'll clean up here little girl. But, you better not fall asleep before I get up there if you know what's good for you." Jonnie was so adorable when she threatened that. She knew very well that Lizzie would be waiting in bed for her - probably in a way too cute nightie. She loved that about Lizzie, how she was always ready for more with her.

Lizzie left the room and went up the stairs. When she got to her bedroom, she made her way to the bottom drawer of the dresser. There was a special white nightie that she had bought just for this occasion. She loved to surprise Jonnie with something new each time she came over, and had been excited to pull this one out for her.

***********************

"Well guys, make yourself at home. I have some unfinished business to take care of." Jonnie smiled and finished putting the last of the uneaten pizza in the fridge. 

"Color me jealous. She won't mind if I hit the liquor cabinet right?" Jeff asked her, knowing he would need something if he had to think about his girl up there with Jonnie. While he liked the agent, Lizzie would always be his girl and this pulled at his heart. 

"Not at all, and sorry for how loud she gets, but we don't usually have company in the house." Jonnie smiled at Kerry and Jeff.

"Loud?" Kerry asked his brow furrowing.

"Yea, she gets really loud sometimes." Jonnie winked and made her way out of the kitchen.

"I remember her being loud with me sometimes." Jeff piped up as he headed out to the living room to see what was on tv.

"Me too." Kerry sighed before he joined his partner.

"Goddamnit, where's that liquor cabinet?"

****************************

"Hey beautiful, white this time? Man I love you in white." Jonnie grinned from ear to ear as her eyes scanned over Lizzie's body. The straps of the nightie were thin and lay against her perfectly. The lines going down to perfect lace cups that were just transparent enough so that Jonnie could make out the dark pink of her nipples, her mouth watered at the thought of the taste of Lizzie's skin.

"Come here and ravage me."

"You don't have to ask me twice." Jonnie stripped off her pants walking over the bed and seizing Lizzie's face as she lay down. Her mouth was hungry as her lips played over Lizzie's lips and then moved down her chin and to her neck. Her hands massaging Lizzie's breasts had her moaning out already.

"God I've missed you."

"Me too, now let's get these panties off so I can taste you properly." Her hands moved to the sides of the fabric and she pulled them downward giving her full access to Lizzie's wet core. This was her favorite part.

******************************

"So, Jonnie, huh?" Jeff took a swig of brandy from his glass as he sat with Kerry watching some old Western that they found.

"Yea, she seems, um, nice." Kerry sighed downing some of the brown liquor himself.

"I'm not going to be able to get that image out of my head man." Jeff sighed allowing his eyes to unfocus as he recalled the picture of Lizzie laid across the table with Jonnie kissing down her chest and stomach.

"Trust me, I know. We should probably leave though, huh? Looks like she's safe and we're, well more in the way." Kerry had already come to the realization that he wasn't going to be able to have Lizzie the way he really wanted to. It had become too dangerous for them to do anything. 

"Yea, I guess she's being taken care of as it were." Jeff leaned back trying to lose himself in the movie.

***********************************

"Good morning." Jeff wandered into the kitchen, having woken up on the couch and saw Jonnie there cooking.

"Morning. There's coffee in the pot if you want it." 

"Thanks." He felt the icy air in the room instantly. He tried to ignore it finding a mug in the cupboard to fill from the small white pot.

"So, you slept on the couch? Were you guys afraid I couldn't protect her or something?" There it was the first barb that he knew would be coming for him.

"Nope, honestly, just didn't want to hear you with my girl last night." He jousted right back to her willing to deal with any repercussions.

"Your girl? Your girl? Last night she was my girl, and I didn't even have to rape her." Jonnie was clearly full of bitterness and knew exactly where to hit Jeff so it hurt the most.

"You fucking bitch. You know that in this line of work shit isn't always black and white. I never meant to hurt that beautiful woman upstairs."

"Then why did you? I had to watch as she cried you know even after she left Oz's place. I watched as those beautiful eyes filled with tears at night and she tried to get your face out of her head. I can't believe you are even here right now."

"You don't understand. I love her, you...you're just a good fuck. I'm her mate and so is Kerry. It's not something we chose and we didn't choose to hurt her either. Like it or not though, she doesn't have the same bond with you that she has with us. And don't doubt for one second that if I could have been the one with her I wouldn't have. I know I hurt her I do."

"You think I don't love her, how could anyone not love her? The hardest part of all of this is just knowing how incredible she is and seeing her in pain. I hate that I can't fix this."

"It's the same for us. We've been trying to fix this for years and this time, we were so close." Kerry had joined the two of them in the kitchen.

"We're not going to stop trying. I don't care what you think of me, just know that I will never stop trying to fix the damage I have done to her, never." Jeff leveled his gaze at Jonnie and she eyed him. She had barely noticed Kerry's entrance.

"I don't care how you do it, but you fix her because she deserves better than this life. But, I have to ask you guys to leave here."

"We planned on it. But, you have to promise us that you will keep her safe. I know she has this new power, but who the hell knows if it'll be enough. So, you promise me that you'll keep her safe." Jeff had a finger raised in Jonnie's face. Jonnie squared her shoulders as she stood there, daring him to touch her.

"I'll die protecting her if I have to. That's our job and that's my woman. It's also why I'm telling you both to leave. I can protect her from a lot, but not from herself and not from whatever magic has a hold on the three of you. So, you have to go so that prophecy doesn't come true, because I can't lose her." Jonnie softened as she spoke begging Jeff with her eyes. 

Jeff saw the struggle in her eyes. It made him question his own words to her. After all, they shared a common bond with Lizzie and they all wanted her to be safe and have her life back. He also saw himself there and that terror that struck his soul when he thought he might lose Lizzie forever. 

"We'll head out soon, try to leave before she wakes up." He pulled himself back and made his way around her heading for the door to living room, so he could start pulling his stuff together.

"Please take care of her Jonnie, and call us if you need anything." Kerry said the words before he went to the other room doing much the same.

Within 20 minutes, Jonnie was seeing the two of them out as Lizzie continued to sleep. It wasn't even 8 am yet, and it made Jonnie feel a little bit better already to know that the two biggest threats to Lizzie had left and now she just had to protect her for the next few weeks until the heat was over. Then, at least, Lizzie wouldn't be in as much danger. Oz had thankfully let Jonnie stay on cases close to the cabin, understanding now that Lizzie had found someone she could trust in Jonnie.

********************************

The next few weeks passed by uneventfully as Kerry and Jeff worked a small case a few hours from the cabin they had left. It was hard to leave her, but they coped by not addressing it at all. Oz had called and given them the assignment and they jumped on it. After all, they were fresh out of leads for helping Lizzie and the short time of being with her had only made them hate that fact even more. It was bad enough to imagine her from afar and hating them, but now they knew she didn't hate them anymore. Plus, they had a fresh picture and memories in their minds to keep them up at night.

Jonnie had done her best after the guys left to keep Lizzie occupied. It wasn't difficult with as insatiable as she had become. Lizzie needed the physical attention, and Jonnie was only too happy to give it to her. The two women rarely got completely dressed as it was starting to seem pointless. For Jonnie, it was heaven. It was time with the woman she loved, and Oz permitted her the "vacation" as it were. Truthfully, he thought of Lizzie as a daughter of some kind and knowing she was being watched after made him feel at ease. 

As was usual in Lizzie's life, though, things were never uncomplicated for long. Those weeks of bliss with Jonnie gave way to a cold, rainy day that she would remember for the rest of her life. Jonnie was outside, working on the car, and suddenly the rain had hit. It poured and by the time she got inside the house, she was soaked to the bone. 
