 The Torino pulled up an hour later with Jeff and Kerry inside frantically trying to get to Lizzie. They had been nearly two hours away when she called, but her words and her voice were enough for them to come screaming down the highways to save her. The door was open as the men approached her cabin, and both knew it wasn't good. They quickly ran through the house checking for anyone or anything, with their guns drawn. 

The rain had stopped, but there was Lizzie when Jeff exited the back of the cabin. She was soaked completely through as was the lifeless body that she lay atop. Her face was turned away as he approached and Jeff's heart sank. Was Lizzie dead? Her words had scared the hell out of him, and he had no idea what to expect now.

"I came as soon as I could what is going on?" Tom's voice broke his stunned silence and the angel appeared out of nowhere beside him. 

"I don't know. Lizzie? Lizzie, are you okay?" The terror in his heart subsided as Lizzie lifted her cheek from Jonnie's chest to look at him. She was blank as she stared back before light came to her as she made eye contact with Tom.

"Tomas, oh thank God, please, Jonnie's hurt. Please heal her." Her voice was weak as it came out and Lizzie barely recognized it. She had lain there so long just praying for Tom and after calling Jeff she truthfully had no concept of how long it had been.

"Lizzie, you must move, and I will try." Lizzie pulled herself upright at his words and waited as Tom approached her. He knelt down beside Jonnie and his hands moved to her chest. A blue aura came from his hands and she stared at it, hoping.

Kerry had joined Jeff in the backyard and stood there taking in the scene. He had never seen Lizzie like this. Her clothes were completely soaked through and she had blood streaked down the front of her shirt, faded out slightly from the rain. Her eyes were puffy and red, but her face an ashen white. She looked drained, completely lost. Kerry's heart ached to see her like this, and he just watched hoping Tom could fix Jonnie and perhaps bring this beautiful woman back from the hell he saw on her face.

"Why isn't anything happening?" Lizzie broke the silence with a small question as she looked at Tom pleading with him to make it all better.

"I...Lizzie...I can't fix her. It's too late." The glow stopped and Tom looked at her with sadness.

"What? No, it can't be. Please bring Jonnie back, please."

"Lizzie, I'm sorry, she's been dead too long." Tom reached a hand out cupping her shoulder.

"No...No...then just leave. What good are you if you can't fix her?" Her words were full of anger, and Tom had never felt that from her. It was one thing when he helped open the gate, but this was nothing he had done. He figured that she needed to be angry with someone, and if that's what she found in him it was the least he could do.

"I'm sorry Lizzie." Tom disappeared at those words leaving her there staring at Jonnie. No tears graced her eyes; they had long since run out. Now, there was just a cold numb feeling in her.

"Lizzie, hey, we should get you inside and changed, you're soaked. Can you get up?" Kerry was by her side with Jeff. She made eye contact with him, but he could only see a shell of who she really was.

"I...I...don't want to leave her." 

"Baby, she's gone. We'll call Oz and make sure she gets taken care of and everything, but for now, we should get you inside and cleaned up." Jeff had his hand out to her on her other side. He could see the pain in her eyes, and having lost his share of friends and fellow agents he understood all too well that she needed to be taken care of right now.

"I...but what if she wakes up?" Lizzie's brain was only half-functioning and she couldn't quite wrap her head around the situation yet. 

"You know what, I'll stay with her and call Oz. Lizzie just go inside with Jeff and get cleaned up okay?" Kerry chimed in realizing that without meeting her somewhere between her thoughts and reality she wouldn't move forward. 

"Okay, but come get me if she...oh God...if she..."

"He will Lizzie, now come on. Let's get you up." Jeff leaned down threading an arm around her and she struggled to pull herself up. Her legs were asleep and her body felt like lead. It was all too much, but now that her men were here she could breathe again. Jeff soon swept her up in his arms, carrying her into her house and up the stairs. 

*********************************

"Oz, hey it's Kerry. We're at Lizzie's place and well we need you to send a clean-up team." After Jeff took Lizzie inside it was Kerry's job to get things situated.

"What? What the hell happened Kerry, and please tell me Lizzie's okay?" Oz was freaked out instantly at the call.

"It's Jonnie, Oz. She's been killed. I don't have the whole story yet, because Lizzie's not doing great, but I think she's physically fine. We just well...we'll take care of her. We just need Jonnie taken care of."

"Listen, You get Lizzie fixed up and find out what happened. We need to know what to be prepared for. I'll have a wagon come out and pick up Jonnie. Damnit, she was a good agent!"

"She seemed it, and I know Lizzie cared about her. We'll give you a call when we figure this out, but I don't think she's leaving with Jonnie still here." 

"Yea, I hear you. I'll get things moving."

"Thanks Oz." Kerry hung up and took a look down at Jonnie. The woman was really beautiful. He could understand why Lizzie liked her, and seeing her here was just sad. He had thought foolishly that Lizzie could have a good life with Jonnie, maybe be able to be happy in some way. Now, he wasn't sure.

**********************************

"Are you all set?" Jeff sat on Lizzie's toilet and when the water turned off in the shower, he wanted to keep her moving. He knew that standing still and thinking would mean she would feel everything that had happened, and he couldn't let that happen, not yet.

"Yes, but I think I'll need a bandage." The shower door opened and Lizzie stepped out with a towel wrapped up in her hair and naked otherwise. For a moment, he was stuck taking in her naked form and then he saw the blood trickling from a nasty slash across her demon warding.

"Shit. Um, do you have gauze and tape?"

"I think so. It would be in the downstairs bathroom cabinet." She said it easily and stood there in a daze.

"Okay, let me go get some and I'll take a look. Do you have alcohol too?"

"Yes." A sudden wave of exhaustion washed over her and Lizzie felt her knees grow weak. In the next instant, she saw only black.

Jeff had stood up and was about to leave the bathroom when he saw her eyes roll back and moved quickly to catch Lizzie before she fell on the bathroom floor. She was limp as he carried her into her bedroom and laid her on the bed. He dashed down the stairs then heading for her medicine cabinet.

"Hey, Oz's guys are taking Jonnie, where's Lizzie?" Kerry came inside from the backyard.

"Upstairs. She passed out, and has a nice cut. Come on, you can help me fix her up and hopefully find out what happened." Jeff started up the steps with Kerry close behind.

Lizzie was back up and around within a few more minutes and Jeff and Kerry tended to her wound. Kerry ended up putting in a few stitches before all was said and done. She had finally been able to piece together the details of what happened for them after another hour. A few drinks later, and both men left Lizzie to sleep for at least a little while as they tried to figure out what to do.

****************************

"Listen, I can smell her already despite everything. She's still in heat for what 5 more days? I don't think we can leave her here alone." 

"I know Kerry, but really taking her with us? I'm not sure that's the best idea. I've been dreaming some crazy shit about her since we left her here before."

"I know, I know, but what if the demons come back? I don't want anyone else to get hurt so we can't send her to another agent. I say we take her with us and just resist our urges no matter what." 

"Have you had the dreams too?" Jeff asked him simply, but his eyes held the same fear. The dreams had been explicit and almost felt like Lizzie was calling to him, beckoning for him to come to her. It pulled at him and kept him up sometimes just to avoid that need he felt reaching out for him that he desperately wanted to answer. Being near her a few weeks ago had started these dreams and they scared him for some reason.

"The ones where her eyes glow and she reaches for you?" Kerry sat down and sighed.

"Yea, they scare the hell out of me Kerry like I can't control myself. And, well you're usually in them too."

"I know, but it doesn't change the fact that she's in trouble. They know where she lives now and that she's not warded anymore. We can't take her to get a tattoo, it's too public, so we have to just take her with us at least until the heat is over." He was just as freaked out as Jeff. Those dreams felt like a more than just wishful thinking. They felt like a sign of what was to come and being near Lizzie worried him, but losing her forever worried him more.

"Fine, but let her sleep another hour. Then, we'll get out of here. Do you think we can take her to the safe house at least for the next few days?"

"Yea."

When they woke Lizzie, she was slightly more alert, but still in a state of shock from what happened. Luckily, that meant that she didn't put up a fight at their suggestion that she come with them. Truthfully, Lizzie didn't care what they suggested at this point. All she knew was that she didn't want to be alone.

**********************

The next few days were spent locked inside the safe house. Lizzie took the downstairs bedroom of the old house, not wanting to disrupt the rooms the guys had already picked for themselves on the second floor. It was in that room that she spent most of her time crying. She ate only when Jeff or Kerry brought something in and forced her to eat in front of them. It was all too much for her to handle. The thought of losing a chance at being normal and now of losing what seemed like her only chance to be happy, well it was just too much for one person.

Kerry and Jeff gave her space, forcing themselves to stay busy at the safe house. Oz had mercifully let them have the time with Lizzie, not finding a need to burden them with a case where he knew they would hesitate to leave her alone. 

By the fourth day, tensions started to rise in the house. Lizzie had not been able to bring herself to use her vibrator, which Jeff had insisted that she pack. Jeff and Kerry could smell her everywhere and it was almost unbearable. Ultimately, Jeff was the one who cracked. He had a higher sex drive anyways, and he just couldn't take it anymore. So, he talked to Kerry and then headed in to see Lizzie.

"Lizzie, are you up?" He knocked on the door hesitantly before turning the knob to the bedroom. A faint "yes" was all he heard as he started to come inside.

"Hey beautiful, how are you?"

"I'm okay, not crying as much today, just trying to read." She was sitting in the overstuffed chair in the corner with her legs crossed buried in a large book which she had found on the shelves in the main living room. It was some volume on vampires and vampire lore. The book was interesting, and she figured it was better to read about the one thing that hadn't attacked her before.

"Good, um...hey listen...Kerry and I have noticed that...Well, your scent is kind of...I guess what I'm saying is..."

"My scent is really bad, isn't it? I haven't really been able to smell it since I've been, well, crying most of the time."

"It's a little strong yea. Ah hell, I'm going to be honest. Lizzie one of us, probably me, is going to lose it if we have to stay here with you scent much longer. Now, I know you're out of heat tomorrow night, but I'm damn near my breaking point."

"Jeff, I don't know if I can...I mean I don't think I'm ready for you or Kerry or anyone."

"I know sweetheart, so I was thinking maybe you could at least take the edge off with your...you know thing. Maybe Kerry and I could give you a few hours, just go to the bar down the street. It's honestly walking distance, so we could just head over for a couple of hours and even open the windows and such. That way we could just relax tonight and tomorrow and figure out what to do from there."

"What if something comes Jeff?"

"Well, you have your power, plus we warded the whole outside around the house. That's why we told you not to go outside. I think you'll be fine."

"Could you stay in another room or something instead?"

"Lizzie, Kerry and I are not going to be able to think straight if you're doing that while we are in this house. I'm sorry beautiful, but I think this is the best." 

"Okay. I'm sorry Jeff. I don't mean to be such a problem." She hung her head and Jeff scurried across the room kneeling in front of her. His hands went to her face cradling it.

"Hey wait. You are not a problem. It's us Lizzie. Kerry and I want to protect you, but we're just not immune to this and with the mating and all, well...it's just..." Jeff looked into her eyes and they were suddenly those dream eyes that glowed green and beckoned him. 

He exhaled as she stared back at him and then leaned forward kissing her firmly on her lips. A whimper came from Lizzie as she returned his kiss. In an instant, the room got hotter and her smell surrounded him. Jeff's hands threaded next to her, pulling her by her ass up against his stomach. Lizzie's arms wrapped around his neck and he lifted her. The two were on the bed in the next instant, with Jeff completely unable to control himself. 

Lizzie wasn't sure what happened or how, but suddenly her heat flashed through her body and all the sadness cleared. Jeff's touch was enough to bring the world to peace around her. She moaned as he pressed his hardness into her dampening core. 

"Whoa, hey guys..." Kerry's words came through the fog and Jeff raised his head looking to his partner. It was just enough for him to stop what he was doing and pull back even as Lizzie still clung to him.

"Oh shit. I'm sorry Lizzie...I..." Jeff stammered as he tried to regain his senses and Lizzie released him sliding herself up and away from Jeff's body.

"I didn't mean to interrupt something; I was just coming to see if we were planning on going out or not." Kerry could smell Lizzie's scent so strongly and he dared not move in from the doorway, not wanting to chance something from one of his dreams happening.

"It's okay Kerry. I think maybe you guys should go out. Seems like we all need a break." She was panting and completely unaware of how that just happened. Sure the attraction to Jeff was there, but never had it been so magnetic that she couldn't stop herself. This was a new level of connection beyond what they had before and it was terrifying considering the consequences.

"Lizzie, please, I didn't mean to..." She reached out putting a finger to Jeff's lips. He was now sitting up in front of her and she couldn't help but smell the excitement oozing from his pores.

"It's okay. I know it's not your fault. It's that you're my mates and I'm in heat...and...and..." She moved her finger taking his lips again without thinking. His hands went to her face and held her there as they started kissing harder and harder.

"Guys!" Kerry called out and Jeff instantly pulled back forcing himself to stand up from the bed. Lizzie stared at him in disbelief.

"Wow! Uh, yea, I think we should go out for a bit Lizzie and maybe you...well...I have to go for a minute." Jeff almost ran out of the room heading towards the door for some fresh air.

"Call us if you need anything Lizzie. I mean anything. We're just going to have a few beers at the bar down the way and play some pool or whatever. We'll come back in a few hours, hopefully refreshed. We can be here quick if you need us though, so just call."

"Thanks Kerry. And tell Jeff I'm sorry."

"I will, and I'd kiss you goodbye, but uh...he's not the only one having a hard time right now." Kerry smiled and waved as he turned to follow his partner towards the bar. 

Lizzie sat in her bed, feeling the heat coursing through her. Just that short time with Jeff had sent her brain into overtime and now it was inevitable that she needed a release. There was simply no way for her to avoid it. 

************************

Kerry and Jeff both wanted nothing more than to have their way with Lizzie that night. They had resisted so many temptations throughout the past few days and after the incident with Jeff, they both strained to make themselves leave. Now, they sat at the bar together throwing back shots. Thank god they had walked there.

"I got to tell you Kerry, if I was ever gonna have to share a woman, it would be her and it would be with you." Jeff was feeling good as he downed the last shot.

"I know Jeff, I just wish we could be with her, like really be with her." Kerry's ability to speak on an intelligent level had died out sometime ago. 

"This is what's best for her though, Kerry, and we love her. Let's figure out this heat cycle and go from there...maybe we can get at least hold her and hang out." Jeff mused to himself. 

Neither of them saw Gabriel in the background, watching and waiting to push things over the edge for them. Now that they were a little tipsy would be the perfect time to put the last bit of his plan in motion. Tom was out of the picture at least for the time being so he had all the opportunity he wanted.

After the demons had gotten to her at the house, Gabriel knew it was imperative to finish her destiny and do so the right way. He had realized that if she was impregnated by a demon then it would be the end. She could end up in hell for her part in bringing some evil being to life. At least if she was going to die, then he wanted her to be with him. He wanted the eons that an after-life in heaven would offer him to win her back as his child. It was cruel, but necessary to end this perpetual hell that she found herself in here on earth. His daughter deserved better.

With a few implanted thoughts and impulses, Gabriel had done what he needed. Before Kerry and Jeff realized, both men were walking back to the house, having forgotten that they were supposed to be gone for another two hours. The sobriety creeped back in slowly, but neither seemed to care. For some reason, they needed to be with her.

*******************************

Lizzie was drinking as well thinking it would make relaxing and taking care of herself easier. It was when she had both of her hands on her body, which lay naked across the bed that she heard the key in the front door.

A second later, Kerry and Jeff walked inside the bedroom, finding her splayed out and shocked. They looked and smelled incredible. Her fingers left her core and she lay them at her sides not sure what to do or say right now.

"Oh fuck." Jeff stood staring, Kerry next to him doing much the same.

"Sorry, I guess. I thought I had more time." Lizzie tried to stammer the words out.

"Shhhhh...just let me take this in, please beautiful." Jeff stood looking at her trying to burn this picture into his mind. Something in him made him move though, as if it was outside of his control. In a moment he was crawling across the bed and had sealed his lips on hers. She moaned at the intrusion of his tongue. His clothes were rough on her skin, but she didn't seem to mind at all.

Jeff covered her mouth with his and started to kiss all over her neck and chest. She wanted to tell him to stop, but then she saw Kerry undressing at the end of the bed. This all seemed so odd to her after their self-control before, but the whiskey in her body made her not care about weird or normal. Jeff snaked his body along hers back to her mouth letting his chest graze her and then a large hand wrapped around his shoulder.
