 It was a little over a month before the two men heard anything even related to Lizzie. They hadn't chased her after she left the motel that morning, figuring it was a better idea to let her go. Lizzie had been the smart one both times, distancing herself from the two of them, and it seemed being back together only caused bad things to happen. Now, Jeff and Kerry were working a case hoping that burying themselves in helping people would ease the ache from missing Lizzie.

A single phone call from Oz brought them right back to that place though, and shattered any hope that Lizzie was off somewhere happy.

"Kerry, I need you boys to come here and try to find your angel friend. Lizzie's here and she's really sick. I've tried damn near every spell in the book and nothing. She can't keep food down and it's just getting worse by the hour." Oz sounded beside himself on the other end of the phone. 

"I'll get Jeff, we're on our way. Call you from the road for more info." Kerry hung up, and started searching the bar they were staking out for his partner. 

He found him finishing up a beer as he chatted up one of the locals. Kerry felt bad pulling him from work, his only real distraction from the pain they both shared. The last month had been bad, and despite agreeing to just not discuss their missing love, both were feeling pretty shitty still.

"Jeff, hey, we gotta go." Kerry called out to him before turning to head out to the car so they could pack up the motel room they had.

"What? Why?" 

"Oz called, Lizzie's with him and she's really sick. Come on."

"What the fuck? Let's hurry up then, did he say what's going on?" 

"He doesn't know. Just asked that we bring Tom and get over there." 

"Is she possessed or something?"

"Jeff, I don't know. We'll call him from the road, but call Tom first and see if he can meet us there."

A short ride had them at the hotel packing at an insane pace. It only took them five minutes before they were dropping off keys and speeding off towards Oz's place. It would take a few hours to get to Oz, even if Jeff floored it. He called Tom asking him to go there first because Lizzie was in trouble. He got no response, but hoped the angel would get the message.

"Dial Oz Kerry." Jeff was terrified. He hadn't seen her in a month and he missed her, but he also knew Kerry and he had fucked up the last time they were together, and her note seemed clear that she didn't want to see them again. Every night he reminded himself of that while he held his phone wanting to dial her number. Now, he was terrified of what might have happened to her.

"Hey Kerry. It seems like she's calmed for now, but I don't know what the hell is going on with her." Oz's voice came in.

"We're on our way Oz." Kerry responded.

"I called Tom Oz, but tell me what's going on." Jeff was impatient not letting Kerry talk anymore.

"Look, all I know is Lizzie showed up looking like death warmed over. She said she didn't know where else to go, but she's been getting sick every night. She was convinced that she was possessed or something had poisoned her. Said it's been going on for about a week now." Oz sounded worried and it scared the shit out Kerry and Jeff. They knew if Oz was worried it was bad.

"Did you try an exorcism?" Jeff questioned.

"What, do you think I'm stupid? Of course I did an exorcism, and about ten other spells before I ran out of ideas. Maybe if your angel friend can come down he can fix this though."

"Oz, how bad is she?" Jeff held such concern in his voice. This was the woman he loved and now she was sick. He cursed himself for not chasing her after the motel, especially after what happened with Jonnie.

"Like I said, she's calm now, but she was puking her guts out until about 20 minutes ago. It was the same thing last night, but this seems to be a little worse. I don't know what happened, but she couldn't recall anything weird since seeing you guys last, so who knows. I'll call you guys with any updates, but for now get here and bring Tom."

"Thanks Oz." Kerry hung up. He looked over at Jeff seeing how he clenched his jaw. He knew his partner was beating himself up right now, and he was doing much the same in his own way. It wasn't fair that Lizzie had to keep dealing with this stuff, and he was kicking himself for not tracing her phone since she left them.

********************************

When they arrived at Oz's, they both ran to the front door. Bursting inside they found Oz standing with a beer in the living room, and Lizzie laid on his couch. Tom had arrived shortly before them and had his hands above her with his eyes closed.

"How is she?" Kerry asked as they entered, while Jeff made his way around Tom to squat down and look into her face. He needed to see her, to see that she was alive.

"She's sleeping, so we'll see what the angel comes up with." 

Tom opened his eyes and stood. He appeared shocked as he looked down at Lizzie. They were all expecting her to miraculously open her eyes like any other time Tom pulled someone from near death, but she remained where she was.

"Tom? Did you heal her?" Jeff asked standing up next to him.

"I...I can't." The words came from him slowly as the look of astonishment came over his face. He wasn't sure what to make of the information he had just learned, let alone how to relate it to anyone else.

"What do you mean you can't? I thought you angels could heal anything." Oz retorted.

"We can heal most things, but she is not wounded."

"Well, then what's wrong with her? Damnit Tom tell us how to fix it." Jeff was on the verge of tears, so his anger had taken over to help him cope with the extreme emotion he was feeling.

"I did not know this had happened. I should have prevented this, taken her to heaven with me, anything. I could have stopped this before it was too late." Tom mused to himself.

"Hey Tom, what are you talking about? What's going on?" Kerry was invested in this now, needing to know what was wrong with Lizzie. She was pale and despite looking peaceful did not look like herself.

"Lizzie is with child. This illness is part of the gestation process, and cannot be healed. The twins inside of her are causing her what I believe you humans call morning sickness." Tom spoke the words and the room fell silent. Each man there tried to process separately the words that came from the angel's mouth, and none of them knew what to do with the information. 

"She's pregnant? Are you sure?" Oz was the first to recover as Kerry and Jeff stared at her still form.

"Yes, with Kerry and Jeff's children. She is doomed now: fate has taken its course." Tom spoke as a tear rolled down his face.

Kerry sat down onto the floor having lost all energy to stand. He had just learned that he was going to be a father and that the love of his life was going to die. Not one book they had found discussed her past the birth of her offspring, not one. 

"Can you take the babies away Tom? Take them away, and we'll never touch her again." Jeff was crying as his hand rubbed in his hair like a child.

"I can't Jeff, no one can. These are special children, part of a prophecy."

"Fuck." Oz sighed as walked over to his chair and sat down.

"Goddmanit." Jeff picked up the nearest stack of books tossing it before storming out of the room. Anger was easier for him now, anger at himself, anger at the world, anger at fate, just anger.

Kerry crawled over to Lizzie picking up her hand in his and ran his fingers down the side of her face. She was still beautiful even now, and he couldn't imagine not having her in his life.

"How long do we have with her Tom? And how much worse will this get?" Kerry asked him not taking his eyes from Lizzie's face.

"How long has it been since you had intercourse with her?"

"A little more than a month."

"I believe her to be about a 3rd of the way through her pregnancy, so perhaps another two months before the boy and girl are born. And, I don't know how much worse this will get. This is unprecedented."

"Kerry?" Lizzie's eyes opened and she looked confused, but perhaps a little relieved. 

"Hey. How do you feel?"

"Like I got hit by a truck. Why are you here?" Lizzie was groggy and she looked around seeing Oz looking terrified in his chair and Tom with a tear on his face standing to stare at her.

"Oz called us because you were sick. So, Jeff and I came and brought Tom with us." Kerry's eyes were watery as if he was on the verge of tears.

"Tom. Hi, I missed you and I'm so sorry about when you tried to heal Jonnie. Did you fix me?" She reached out and Tom came down to sit on the floor next to Kerry so he could be level with her. He reached to grasp her other hand.

"I have missed you as well and all of that is forgiven my child. But, I can't fix you Lizzie. This is not an ailment I have control over. I am sorry I have failed you again."

"I don't understand. What's going on?" Lizzie moved so she was sitting up and looked into Tom' eyes wondering where the pain was coming from. It was as if they were all looking at her like she was dying. She was sure this was some type of spell or curse, but not that it was a death sentence of some kind. 

"You are sick because you are pregnant Lizzie, with Kerry's son and Jeff's daughter. I believe you will give birth in about two months' time." Tom said the words, but they didn't seem real. She knew about their night together, but couldn't imagine that was really enough. She figured she had just barely escaped her fate. Suddenly it all made sense - the sore boobs, the slight bulge, the sickness, the heightened smell. She was pregnant.

"Oh my god, I'm going to throw up." Lizzie took off across Oz's house heading for the bathroom and found herself on the floor throwing up the small amount of water she had been able to keep down tonight. She heard the screen door open in the distance and footsteps enter. Her heaving drowned out the sound of footsteps coming down the short hallway.

"Lizzie? Are you okay?" Jeff's voice next to her made her look up through her hair. A rough hand swept it out of her face and behind her ear as green eyes met hers.

"No." It was all she could muster as her strength left her once again.

"Here, let's wash your face, and I'll carry you up to bed." He pulled her up gingerly turning on the sink before cupping water in his hand and tilting it to her lips. He was so sweet to her as he wiped cold water over her entire face before pulling the towel to dab it off. She stared forward, unable to comprehend anything.

Once she was cleaned Jeff picked her up in his arms and walked out of the bathroom before heading past the three men still sitting in silence in Oz's living room. He made his way up to a room upstairs and laid her on the bed. He sat down on the edge and ran his fingers through her hair once more making sure it was tucked out of her face.

"I'm sorry Lizzie. We'll find a way to fix this. Just rest now and we'll talk tomorrow." 

Lizzie didn't say anything; she just closed her eyes willing it to all be a dream until she drifted off to sleep. When Jeff heard her breathing level, he got up quietly and left the room pulling the door closed behind him before heading back downstairs. 

"So, if we can't get rid of the babies, then she has to have them right? Well, what if we just make sure she doesn't die?"

"You mean take her to a hospital? That's not going to work; we have no idea how this birth is going to happen. The doctors will be surprised as hell if something glowing comes out of her body." Oz's ever practical voice hit Jeff as he turned the corner to the living room.

"Kerry I don't know anything about this birth. Perhaps I can be present and heal her though if it is a physical ailment." Tom offered.

"And that's exactly what we are going to do. We are not going to let her die. Let's find out what the hell we are looking at here and go from there." Jeff was stern and had moved into his problem solving stance immediately. He would move heaven and earth to save this woman.

"You're right. Tom, if she's pregnant with our babies, then they are human right?" Kerry ventured out trying to push his emotions aside.

"They are half-human at least. I will go to heaven and see; perhaps Gabriel will have more information on this now that it has happened." 

The men all dispersed, realizing they had 2 months or less to save her.

*************************

The next month flew by with everyone working tirelessly for a solution. Lizzie had been sick for another few days and then thankfully the worst of it passed. It was soon replaced by a near immobility; however, as the babies started to grow at an exponential rate. Pretty soon, she could only be up for a few hours before exhaustion would sweep through her body rendering her unable to stay awake any longer. 

At the start of what appeared to be her final month of pregnancy, Lizzie was bedridden and miserable. She would get up only to shower and use the bathroom and both of those required help. It was usually help from Tom as the three other men worked to find a solution. Jeff and Kerry had stopped trying to spend time with her. Oz had taken the task of bringing food up, but sometimes she had to call down to remind him. It was a new form of torture for her knowing that her time was drawing near and that the people she wanted to be with the most were just out of reach. 

One day she gave up, and yelled through the silent house demanding that Jeff and Kerry come up to see her. One her third cry they gave up calling her phone and both men ran up the stairs fearing the worst.

"Hey, is everything alright? Are you in labor already?" Jeff appeared first, completely out of breath with terror on his face. Kerry was only seconds behind.

"No, I'm not in labor. I'm lonely. I have been stuck up here with no one but Tom to check on me, getting meals like some sort of prisoner. I'm tired of you both working to save me instead of being with me. Now, come here and feel this." Kerry softened taking in the exacerbated look on her face.

"Jesus you scared the hell out of us." Jeff looked his usual angry self even as Kerry made his way over to sit on the bed with her.

"Shut up and get over here." She motioned to him before pulling down the cover and shifting up one of Oz's old shirts that she now had to wear. Tom thought she was only another two to three weeks from delivering and she was huge, big enough where her clothes no longer fit.

In another second, Lizzie held both men's hands and pulled them to her stomach. The babies kicked almost simultaneously as her mates sat there touching her.

"What the hell?" Jeff sighed the words, searching her face for answers.

"Your kids are kicking. It started two days ago, and it keeps getting stronger." She looked at them both smiling with a tear in her eye.

Kerry's own tear bubbled to the surface as he stared down at her stomach where his hand lay.

"Oh my God. That's so incredible. Lizzie, I'm so sorry we've been ignoring you. We just want to help." Kerry broke down as he sat there, but Jeff stayed silent just staring down to his own hand.

"It's okay. It's all okay. This is happening though, guys. I'm having these babies, your babies, and we need a plan for when that happens. We need to stop trying to prevent things and just deal with them as they are. Jeff are you listening?" She looked to him because Kerry was focused on her words, but Jeff had not moved.

"I don't want to lose you Lizzie. I love you and I love my daughter, but I can't raise her without you." He looked up with a tear-streaked face and she felt his fear, unlike she ever had before.

"Jeff, you know I love you too, and you Kerry. And of course, I love the babies. I just, well, I need us to be practical here guys. These babies are going to come no matter what, so I need you both to promise me something."

"What Lizzie? Name it; you know we'll do anything for you." Kerry was so genuine as both he and Jeff looked at her.

"I need you to promise me that they will always be safe. You have to take care of our kids no matter what. That means if you have to choose between me and them, you choose them."

"Lizzie, baby, don't say that please. Nothing's going to happen to you." Jeff moved up placing a soft kiss on her cheek.

"I want to believe that. I really do, but let's face it nothing seems to work out happy for me. So, I need this from you two. You have to swear to me that you will take care of them. I need to know my babies will be safe." She pulled Kerry up some so that both men were right in front of her.

"I swear Lizzie. As long as I'm alive, nothing will happen to either of them." Kerry was the first to make his promise, and he somehow knew that he would be tested one day and he would keep his word.

"I'm going to protect all three of you with everything I have. And Lizzie, if anything happens to any of us, Kerry included, you should know that these kids have so many people protecting them you'll never have to worry." Jeff turned her chin to stare directly at him. His words held gravity and they eased her very core.

"Okay, now go back to work, but from now on you both sleep in here with me. I'm tired of being lonely and I need you here." She smiled, reassuring them both, and their bond was solidified once more with their words.

From that night, through the next two weeks, the three of them shared the same bed. It was difficult with as big as Lizzie was getting, but they never faltered. They held each other in their weird little family unit taking in these last moments knowing that no guarantee of anymore was really there.

*********************

It was almost exactly two weeks from the day Lizzie made them swear their oaths that she felt the first pain. Instantly, she knew that the time was here and there was no going back. The pain coursed through her slowly as the contraction hit like a wave. 

"Jeff, Kerry, Oz, Tom, anybody?" She called out loudly and in the next instant, Oz came running up the stairs to her.

"What'd you need sweetheart?" 

"Oz, I just had a contraction and I think it's time. You better call everyone and get me downstairs to the infirmary." She surprised herself at how calmly the words left her lips. Lizzie half expected to be screaming and out of her mind with terror, but she was okay somehow.

"Shit. Um, hang on let me call them back from town. They went for supplies." Oz pulled out his phone dialing.

"Hey, Jeff, it's time to get this show on the road. Call Tom and the two of you better high-tail it back here now."

Lizzie watched as Oz listened to Jeff on the other end of the phone looking exasperated by his comments.

"Of course I'm fucking serious, now move your asses and bring feathers because I can't catch two babies." He hung up the phone and moved up to Lizzie's side. The evening light still shown through the blinds above her and she saw the fear and love in Oz's eyes. He always did treat her like a daughter and that's the concern she saw in his eyes now.

"Oh fuck." She got the words out as another contraction came, this one more powerful than the last.

"Come on, you got this. I've never met anyone tougher than you, and you're going to bring these little angels into this world tonight." He gave her a soft smile and she returned it hoping that his words and not his expression were going to be the truth before the next morning.

**********************************

By the time Lizzie was having contractions that were only 30 seconds apart, everybody was tense around her. It had been 3 hours of this, and still she waited as Kerry measured her cervix once more. He had paid special attention in the last few weeks to several medical texts on labor and delivery. Kerry was good like that, easily falling into a book and learning the intellectual side of everything.
