 All characters in this story are 18 years or older. 

______________

(Sage)

Borrowed blood raced through my veins as my hips rocked into the hot feminine flesh beneath me. Dainty nails raked lightly down my taunt muscular back, bowing my spine. A deep groan rumbled up through my chest, escaping from my panting lips as she rose up to meet my pounding thrusts. Hot breath scorched the curve of my ear in quick small puffs as she clenched her velvet heat tighter around my aching member. 

"Bite me," she moaned, tilting her blond head to extend the perfect pale stretch of skin.

God I was so close. Wrapping my muscled arms around her, I held her close as the first ripples of her orgasm rocked through her small frame. Parting my lips, I flashed glistening fangs in the moonlight before I sank them into her tender throat. Screaming in ecstasy, I felt her nails dig into my sides, drawing blood, as her inner muscles clamped down on my pumping hard organ.

Stomach clenching, I groaned softly in between gulps of her hot crimson essence. So close.

Hips blurring in my need for release, I fucked the woman in arms for all she was worth. Relishing in the sweet sounds she made, I didn't notice that her heart beat was growing fainter while mine pounded against my ribs like a caged animal.

I gave one last thrust and felt the overwhelming pleasure pump into the petite warm body. Her name was a praise on my lips. Pulling away from her pale throat, I rose up above her with clouded green eyes as I sent shot after shot of my cum deep inside her pink folds.

Arms shaking, I fought to keep my weight from crushing her as the golden edge faded from my vision. Looking down with a heaving chest, I focused on her upturned face and froze. Her sightless blue eyes stared up at me.

My frantically beating heart stopped. I had killed her.

_________

Gasping, I shot in bed with the feeling of horrified remorse I awoke to every time I relived this particular nightmare. Throwing the black sheets away from my shaking form, I swung my long muscled legs over the side of my king sized bed. The erection I first woken to had deflated the moment my shame washed throughout my body, cleansing me of any desire I had felt.

Jewel had been the first and last mortal I had let myself fall in love with. Being with her had taught me a hard won lesson. Even though I looked like any other human being, I was still just a demon. I had let my lust for completion override my lovers life. Losing all control as I did with her had taken her out of my damned immortal life.

Scrubbing my hands over my face, I stood and walked nude from the rumpled bed. It had been almost fifty years since that night and I still dreamt of the incident. For half a decade I awoke to the deep regret that weighed my limbs down and hollowed out my heart. Never again would I take a mortal lover. I didn't trust myself enough around their fragile beings.

Padding across the cool marble floor, I headed to the rather large bathroom joined to my massive bed chambers to the wide glass shower stall. Opening the clear crystal door, I reached out to turn the sleek silver handle to start up the hot water.

Stepping into the hot streams, I leaned my dark hair against the cool glass. Resting my forearms against the fragile wall, I let the water beat down my back in scolding streams. I felt chilled to bone. Like my soul was tainted with the cold reality of what I had done. If only I could wash away my memories.

_______________________

(Stella)

Sighing heavily, I leaned against the bar and watched as my best friend, Violet, let herself be surrounded by a group of horny studs. Just by the looks of the cocky attractive men, I knew the only thing on their minds was how quick they could get a nut off. Too bad Violet only liked to flirt and dwell in the attention.

Throwing back the last of my rum and coke, I licked my pale full lips. Setting the glass on the spotless black counter, I thanked the blond bartender that had breasts the size of huge melons. Jesus. I promote women up sizing their jugs and all, but damn. When the breasts out weighed the body, then they went over board.

Turning away with a small shake of my head, I headed towards the flock of cocks and my tipsy friend. I needed a cigarette and I didn't want to leave Violet unattended. I didn't trust the throng of raging boners to keep it in their own respective pants for the few minutes I would be out.

Pushing through a crowd of people, I reached the cluster of men pawing my giggling friend. Batting her baby blues at a tall dark and handsome guy that had an easy smile, she didn't notice me standing amongst the admirers. I watched as she trailed pink painted nails down his broad chest, cooing sweetly. Oh lord. She was at the touchy feelly stage of her buzz. Not good.

Stepping up to her, her stud's brown eyes noticed me first. His eyes were bright with intelligence as a wide grin curved his mouth. Not bad for a stud muffin.

"Howdy," he drawled in a lazy deep, rather pleasant, voice, "you must be Ms. Violet's friend she keeps talking about."

My dirty blond brows rose in surprise. Flicking my gaze to Violet, she smiled sheepishly. "Well, that's...new," I murmured.

"This is Gregory. I was telling him about the paintings you do. He's an artist, too." Giggling, her tan cheeks flushed prettily as she glanced at her painter.

Nodding softly, I didn't know if I wanted to be angry or not. I didn't like my personal life broadcasted. Clearing my throat, I decided to change the subject.

"I need some air, will you come with me, Violet?"

Blinking her blue eyes at me, I saw the yearning in their depths. She must really like the guy to get that hurt puppy dog look in her eyes. Sighing, I smiled and nodded in understanding. A smile blossomed on her face, making her tanned skin glow.

"Thank you!" she mouthed.

Turning away in my black heeled boots, I continued through the maze of withering bodies that smelt of booze and sweat. I had a few people paw at me along the way, but most of them left me alone with a small shake of my head. Thankfully. Only two needed the fuck off glare before that got the message.

When I reached the black exit door, I shouted at the bouncer that I was heading out for a cigarette. He nodded and opened the bulky door for me. Stepping out into the cool darkness lite only by a street lamp, I heaved a sigh of relief.

Digging the slim silver case from the back pocket of my tight blue jeans, I pulled out a cigarette and replaced the case. Digging in my front pocket for my purple dragonfly lighter, I lite the cancer stick. Pulling on the cig deeply, I watched the red end flare before I drew it away from my full lips. Blowing out a cloud of smoke, I moaned softly. Such bliss.

A deep masculine voice sounded in the darkness.

"Such joy you take in something that will take years from your fragile life. I never understood why humans choose to inhale such chemicals into their bodies."

Jumping, I turned guarded blue-green eyes as a tall figure stepped out of shadows outside if the light. Green eyes flashed silver for a moment as the light reflected on their depths. Black eyelashes surrounded those surprising orbs. 

Swallowing my pulse, I felt drawn to the utterly masculine planes of his breathtaking face. He was pale with black ruffled hair and a strong muscled physique to boot. He was like the rippling muscle in a dark dream that gave off sex like he breathed.

"Humans?" I breathed, having to struggle to recall what the stranger had said. "You make it sound as if you are not one."

Full lips curved softly, "Perhaps I have said too much."

I frowned, putting my cigarette back to my lips. "Or maybe not enough."

Stepping towards me, my eyes were drawn to the ripple of muscle beneath his black tshirt and fitted black jeans. He moved with such grace and surety. Like a predator, he moved as a power within itself.

"Normally I wouldn't indulge in socializing, but you're intriguing. What would you like to know?" he asked in a deep voice that stroked my senses.

With each word that he spoke, I felt my heart rate go up. Sweet lord. Just the sound of his rumbling tone had my thighs clenching together to ease the pressure on my throbbing clit. This unknown male had me pulsing with arousal and all he had done was stand there and talk to me.

Questions flew through my mind, but most of them revolved around easing my sexual discomfort. Finally I settled on, "If you're not human, then what are you?"

Green eyes flashed as he regarded me. "What I am, my sweet one, may contradict what you believe is true."

Dropping the hand that held my forgotten cancer stick, I asked again with my pulse on the tip of my tongue. " What are you?"

Suddenly his intimidating muscled form was standing in front of me, his broad chest inches from my startled face. Looking up, I met his smoldering green gaze with wide blue-green eyes. 

His kissable lips parted and one word whispered from them, "Vampire."

____________to be continued____________

Well that was the first chapter. I hoped you liked it. Pleaded feel free to leave a comment. I love to hear your opinions and advice. Thanks so much. Stay tuned for the next chapter. 