 All content of this story is copyright {2014} by Desired_Temptation and is my intellectual property. This is purely a work of fiction and fantasy and all characters are eighteen years old or older. None of the events exist or have ever happened. This story is not to be redistributed under any circumstances without my express written permission.

***

(Sage)

Staring down into the expressive blue-green swirl of her eyes, I saw the shock and disbelief in their depths. Whatever had possessed me to approach the mortal woman evaporated and I was silently cursing my stupidity. What the hell had I been thinking, telling this woman my darkest kept secret?

I heard the metal click a moment before the door behind the human crept open, releasing the loud music and various scents that flowed out of the club she came from. I watched as her shoulders tightened, her creamy globes of womanly flesh rising beneath her sleek revealing maroon top as she gasped in surprise. Spinning towards the noise, I stood still as her streaked blond hair fluttered around her bare shoulders, brushing my chest lightly. Her flowery scent washed over me and I drew it into my lungs with a slight desperation.

Hunger crashed over me so suddenly that I had to take a staggering step away from the walking temptation. Sinking into the shadows of the building behind me, I cursed the hand that fate threw at me. I knew why this mortal had weakened me. Why she drew me to her like a dark moth to her blazing flame. She was intriguing. Intoxicating. She was my drug of choice that smelt of Japanese blossoms and tainted innocence.

Letting the darkness cling to my form, I pressed my back against the brick wall of the building behind me and hid from her. I knew that I should have ran, but my feet stayed planted to the grungy alleyway ground. Green eyes observed the small interaction the bouncer had with my fragile beauty. I watched the pulse beat against the paleness of her throat, the small curve of her pink lips as she responded to the blond male. Long elegant pale fingers fluttered across her back pockets in a nervous gesture, her thumbs hooking inside those tight denim slits.

Fuck me sideways!

Was there nothing about this woman that didn't pull me towards her? Was the universe truly so cruel as to present such a bountiful temptation that I had sworn off? Fate should have known that I feared this very encounter. I couldn't...I wouldn't cause the death of another mortal love. I wouldn't survive it.

Those soul retching eyes of hers turned towards me, killing off my internal ranting. Those eyes that had a shocking spiral of blue and green were now a startling sky blue. I had never seen such astonishing eyes on a mortal, much less an immortal. It seemed her emotions were expressed through the changing of those intelligent orbs.

A heavy sigh fluttered past her lips as she glanced up and down the alley way, her watch gaze returning to my darkened hiding spot. Disappointment and frustration flashed across her pale features. Dirty blond brows scrunching together and those kissable lips pressing into a thin line of displeasure.

Turning on her heel, I watched in silent agony as she turned her back to me. Muscles tensing with the need to follow my new prey, I fought the urge to claim her. My rational mind knew I needed to keep my distance, but the demon in me wanted her. Craved her.

Pushing the planes of my back into the hard ridge of the bricks, I started when her voice cut through my focused attention.

"Coward," she murmured softly, almost as if she knew I was still there.

Walking towards the forgotten bouncer, I watched in stunned silence as she disappeared through the door. For what felt like an hour went by as I leaned there in alley, breathing in the remnants of her Japanese blossom fragrance before I moved. I knew following her was a bad idea, but for once I let the dark side of my nature take over. 

This mortal was mine.

_____________________

(Stella)

Shoving my way through the hot press of sweaty bodies, I held back the urge to snap at anyone who dared to approach me. That arrogant gorgeous prick had to nerve to just vanish on me! Unbelievable. Especially after his little parting revelation. 

Reaching the last place I had seen Violent and her admirer. Growls of frustration slipped past my lips when the leggy blond was nowhere to be seen. Dammit. I wanted to go home, but I wouldn't leave before checking in with her.

Heading towards the bar, I spotted the busty bartender serving the very guy my friend had been mewling at. Quickening my step, I pushed through a throng of laughing college students and luckily was able to catch the stud as he paid for two drinks. One was pink and frilly looking and the other was a glass of foam covered beer.

"Hey!"

Brown eyes jerked over to look down at my five foot four figure. Without my two inch heels, he would have to look lower. A smile tugged at his lips and he sauntered the few feet to reach me. He had a rolling smooth step that was somewhat attractive. Not as sexy as my dark visitor, but still appealing.

"Hey. Looking for Violet?" He was straight to the point. Nice.

I nodded, relieved I didn't have to do any small talk with the painter. 

Nodding softly, his eyes roamed over my face for a moment before he gave a small smile. "I'll take you to our table."

Turning with his drinks in hand, he started leading me through small clusters of laughing happy drunks to the small round tables that lined the outer edges of the club. 

"Did something happen?"

Looking up from his broad back, I met his concerned gaze over his shoulder. It surprised me that he noticed my change in demeanour, considering we were complete strangers. I didn't know if I liked him being able to read me so well.

"No. I'm fine." I lied.

"I know you don't know me, Stella, but if someone's bothering you just let me know. I don't believe in hassling women."

A soft smile curved my lips. "I'm fine, really. Just frustrated. Thank you..." I paused. I couldn't remember the guy's name for the life of me.

Knowing eyes met mine and I looked away sheepishly. Luckily I was saved by Violet's giddy voice calling out my name.

"Stella... You okay?" Blue eyes filled with a dulled concern met my blue-green eyes and I had the sudden urge to spill the beans to her. "You look...agitated."

Forcing my smile to fill my gaze, I was surprised how difficult it was. I was confused, sexually frustrated, and angry. Why had I let that complete stranger bother me so much? Yes he was a stalking wet dream that carried all the characteristics I desired in man. He was mysterious and interesting. Maybe it was the way my body tightened at the sight of those piercing green eyes that mesmerized me. 

He also puzzled me. The depth of longing that cried out from his very being was startling. How could such a man feel that lonely? He could have anybody he wanted, so why did he look as if he was starving for companionship?

Clearing my throat, I pushed my troubled thoughts back. "I'm just tired. I have a client coming over early, so I'm going to head home." The lied slipped smoothly from my lips and it was slightly alarming how easy it was to deceive my best friend. "Are you going to be okay here?"

Glancing at her stud standing casually beside her, I noticed he still held their drinks. I felt the small frown crease my eyebrows before I could catch it. Brown eyes flicked down towards his hands. A corner of his mouth curved up as he met my blank gaze. 

"I don't like to leave my drinks unattended. Too many stupid ass people around here," he explained to my unspoken question with a nonchalant shrug of a broad shoulder.

A real smile touched my lips. This guy didn't seem so bad. Violet actually picked a decent one with some brains behind his good looks.

Violet's small hand touched my arm lightly, drawing my attention back to her. "I'll be okay, but you better call me tomorrow. Promise?" Blinking her blue eyes at me, I noted the hard look in them and realized that she wasn't asking. She was demanding that I talk to her tomorrow.

Smiling, I nodded and decided to run away while I was able to. Winding my way through the carefree dancers, I headed for the door in a desperate attempt to escape the cluster of lust filled boozers. Letting a dark haired, over muscled bouncer get the door for me, I practically ran out into barely lite darkness.

Sucking in lung full of fresh air, I started down the sidewalk towards my sleek midnight blue 2013 Corvette I had bought a few months back. Digging for my keys in my left front pocket, I pulled the juggling bundle from my jeans and located the black keypad. Hitting the lock button, I glanced up at the flash of lights and the sharp chirp my car let out. I had parked closer then I thought I did. Goody.

Climbing into my gorgeous beast, I put the key in the ignition. Hearing the rumbling engine turn over in all its thundering glory brought a smile to my face. Being a mechanic's daughter had installed a deep appreciation for the sweet hunks of metal. I just favored the newer faster models over the old classics my dad liked.

Clicking my seat belt in place, I pulled away from the curb and accelerated down the two laned road. I was happy to be going home. With all my frustration and curiosity from my tall dark and handsome visitor it had me itching to paint. I painted when I was moody, but this time was different. I wouldn't admit it out loud, but I honestly didn't want to forget him. He truly was my dark dream.

____________________

(Sage)

Reviving the engine of my black Dodge Charger, I pulled out behind the blue Corvette as it sped down the road. Heading away from the inner city, I kept a bit of distance between our cars. Over the soft roar of the engine and the hush in the dark interior, I tried to convince myself that I was only trailing the human because I wanted to sedate my curiosity. That I wasn't stalking after her like a predator.

After she had left the alley and headed into the club, I had battled against the desire to run after her flowery scent. With her parting jab, my decision had been set. Slipping in through the door she had gone through, I tweaked the bouncer mind and convinced him that it was alright for me to come in.

I watched from ten feet away as the intriguing woman conversed with a surprising person. Stunned, I stared as my cousin smiled and chatted with her for a moment before the two walked on through the bystanders. Did Gregory have claim on this mortal?

Trailing slowly behind the two, I was almost relieved when my cousin sauntered up to a pretty blond. The woman told the couple she was leaving due to a client. Frowning, I wondered what the human did for a living, having clients and all.

The woman suddenly spun, I had to melt into a crowd of withering bodies to avoid being seen by her. I followed her as she walked to her car and sprinted across the street to my own ride as she slid behind the wheel.

Blinking out of my recollection, I cursed when I noticed how far back I had gotten. The damn woman had a lead foot. 

After twenty minutes of driving at least ten miles over the speed limit, she finally slowed when she reached a paved road surrounded by trees. Pulling over, I waited a few minutes until I couldn't she the headlights from her car bouncing against the greenery. Cutting my lights, I crept slowly down the secluded road.

Parking halfway between the main road and the two story Victorian styled house, I cut the engine. Climbing out of the Charger, I pocketed my keys before I shut the door as quietly as I could and proceeded down the paved way.

A very unlady like curse fell on my sensitive hearing. Grinning as the human continued to grumble softly about damned keys and irritating men, I broke through the trees just as the petite blond shoved her front door open with her shoulder. Disappearing into the white modern looking home, I cruised towards her parked car and watched as the window next to the door lite up.

Keeping my booted steps light, something I learned through years of practice, I crept around her rather intriguing choice of transportation. My green eyes glanced around the darkened woods as I inhaled the earthy musk. Her property was large and secluded. I liked it instantly. I couldn't remember the last time I just wondered through the trees, enjoying the night air and the tranquility nature provided.

Gliding along the side of the rather large house the woman owned, I spotted a barn a half mile back tucked in amongst the woods. It stood by itself, the wood smooth and glimmering in the moonlight from the clear coat that covered it. Wandering closer, I glanced back at the house and saw that a window on the second floor had lite up. I wondered if she was in her bedroom, but pushed the thought away. Snooping through a barn was one thing but roaming through her private retreat was another.

Reaching the barn, I noted the lock placed on the outside. Frowning, I made my way around the back and spotted a small window near the roof was cracked open. Bending my knees I pushed off the ground, I placed the toe of my boot against the wooden surface of the barn wall to help propel myself up to the small ledge. Raising my left hand, I grasped the two inch wide gap and used the other to push the window out.

Gripping the ledge, I grunted softly and hauled my upper body through the space provided for me. Turning slightly, I reached up to grip the inner edge of the frame and sat with my legs hanging out. My eyes fell on a painting setting sitting on a loft a few feet below the window as I adjusted my weight.

My breath left me in a rush and my grip slackened on the wooden frame.

I felt myself tilt backwards, but only made a halfhearted attempt to save myself from the fall. Landing with a loud thud, I almost expected the loft to crumble underneath my unexpected weight. Holding in a groan, I rolled onto my side and carefully got onto my hands and knees.

My gaze once again fell on the surreal painting lite only by the moonlight streaming in through the window I crawled through. Stomach clenching, I stared wide eyed down at the creamy mortal and all her bare womanly curves. Dear god.

Blue eyes swirled with green stared out at me, her soft full pink lips curved into a tilted wicked smile. Blond hair streaked with a darker blond was hanging over her shoulder, the length ending beside the fullness of a perfect pale breast. Her twin globes of flesh stood proudly from her body, pink nipples pebbled from either being cold or from being aroused from the exposure. Below her tight breasts was a flat trim waist that flared out to rounded hips that made my hands itch to cling to. Unfortunately, the core of her being was kept from my heated gaze with her pale lovely legs. She was sitting n the painting, one hand holding her up while the other one disappeared behind the curve of her hip. Her legs were crossed at the knee, hiding her treasure.

I was hard and almost panting by the time my eyes finished traveling over her gorgeous form. Why the devil was this exquisite picture tossed in a loft and not hung in a gallery?

Frowning, I threw the thought away. There was no way in hell that I would let anyone else lay their eyes on my erotic mortal. She was mine. Whether she knew it or not. Seeing her naked portrait only clarified my decision. I would have this goddess and those creamy thighs will be beneath my hands as I slid into her heated folds.

Deciding that I would come back later to collect the stunning portrait, I crept towards the edge of the rather sturdy loft and peeked over the edge. It looked like this wad her studio. Two flat table were littered with sketch pads, paints, pencils. Everything a striving artist needed was scattered around the large area. Several easels were placed in front of the tables, leaving a wide place for the woman to move about. Two of the stands were empty and one held a canvas facing away from my prying eyes.

Taking a chance, I hopped off the loft. Landing on silent feet, my fingertips brushed the floor as I hunched and listened. Satisfied that I remained undiscovered, I straight and walked around a waist high pile of neatly stacked blank canvases covered with a clear plastic sheet. Coming to one of the tables set directly across from the other, my eyes flicked to the sketches of half-naked couples in different poses.

She was good. More than good. She somehow was able to capture the dark lite that filled the men's eyes as she looked at their lover. Muscles taunt, their bodies straining to reach the soft feminine being. The women were flushed in varies areas with arousal. Their eyes were soft with desire, pink shining lips parted as if she caught them in the middle of a moan.

Sweeping my raptured gaze to the next table and its various sketches, I found happy families. Children with pets, landscapes, and other greatly painted items. This mortal had an eye for beauty. It made me wonder if I had seen any of her work. For a talent such as this was no doubt successful known.

Picking up a sketch pad, I stared down at a young woman. Blushing, she smiled shyly. 

The sudden click and jiggling of the lock outside the barn doors startled me out of my admiration. Darting back towards the pile of canvases and crouched behind the bulk just as the doors were flung open.

Soft footsteps came closer as the human walked towards her materials. Heart thundering in my chest, I risked a peek around the edges of the rectangular slabs. The sight of her bare legs made my racing heart still.

Dressed in a simple spaghetti string light green shirt and a pair of blue and green stripped short shorts, she was exquisite. Her dirty blond hair was pulled up into a messy bun that left a few strands hanging against her cheeks. It exposed the straight creamy line of her slender throat and the curves of her cute ears.

It didn't seem to matter what she wore, if she even wore anything at all, to ignite the flare of desire I felt churning in my gut for her.

I watched silently as she walked to a table and grabbed a paint palette. Pulling a plastic set of drawers I hadn't noticed from beneath the table, she opened one of the three drawers and she began to pull varies colors of paint out. Setting them on top of table, she squeezed a small amount of each bottom onto the palette.

I remained crouched behind the blank canvases and followed her smooth movements as she went about getting everything she needed ready. Muscles played in her arms, constricting and relaxing. Well sized breasts swung minutely with her shifting, surprising me when I realized that those bountiful globe were moving freely beneath her shirt.

Sweet Jesus. Was this woman trying to keep me constantly hard around her, even unconsciously? All my borrowed blood was going straight to my iron rod and I dimly wondered if my flaming desire would burn away my much needed substance.

Hands clenching, the soft crinkle in my right hand reminded me that I still held one of her sketch pads. Flipping it open quietly, I glanced at the varies quick outline sketches of couples. An idea formed and my green eyes flicked around in search of something I would drawl with. The only pencils I could see where in top of the table closet to the mortal. Damn.

Waiting for the right moment, I darted towards the table with movements to quick for the human eye to see and snatched a pencil. Whipping back to spot, I barely settled when the mortal's blue green eyes flicked to the exact place where the pencil was laying.

I breathed a sigh of relief when the woman turned towards her canvas. Curiosity ate me as she began sketching in quick precise movements, her eyes swirling to a light blue as she focused.

Watching the woman, I flipped to a blank page and started my own piece. I had my own talent for drawing. After Jewel, I never found anything worthy of appreciation, until now.
