 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 60: Aasimar

Leaving the room where she and Tsabdrin coupled, Althaia was not surprised to see that Risa was having sex with Caleldir, while Ashyr seemed to be pretty much drained. Caleldir looked up at the nymph and gave her a wry smile, before returning his focus to Risa. "You three have been busy." Althaia observed. "Selene is still being a spoilsport though, I see." The paladin's tone was light and joking; she knew full well why Selene was reluctant to contribute energy. That sort of thing was not good for the baby. Unless they wanted her to be born party succubized, of course. Which, while Caleldir was not all that opposed to (For Science!), Selene did not want.

"Althaia!" Risa exclaimed happily from her position bouncing on Caleldir's dick. 

Ashyr gave her a grin as well. "So... how did you like my cousin?"

Althaia glanced in Ashyr's direction. "He seems half-broken. I want to fix him. If he is at all typical of the males of your race, then the females of your race must be, on average, a rather cruel lot indeed. Much more abusive to their men than men up here are to their women."

"That's probably true." Ashyr agreed. It wasn't just the men that the drow females were cruel to, of course. But, as the weaker sex, they did generally have quite a few unfortunate things happen to them. Tsabdrin was likely no different. It was probably why he chose much the same path as Ashyr did.

Being serious did not suit her for very long, though, and Althaia turned her attention to her 'cousin' and Risa. "Now, it is time to finish powering you up for the attack tomorrow..."

As expected, Caleldir and Althaia had incredible stamina and so went on long, long into the night (Risa, of course, had, for all practical purposes, unlimited stamina). Caleldir was the one to become utterly exhausted first, which was also not surprising. He had not been so worn out since that day with the nymphs. He just about passed out, falling sound asleep.

Selene had long ago passed out on the couch with her book resting forgotten on her stomach. When things finally wound down, one of Risa's manifestations moved her over to the bed next to Caleldir. This unavoidably woke the pregnant drow up for the moment it took, but Selene didn't protest being moved. Sleeping with Caleldir in a bed was much preferable to the couch no matter how comfortable said couch was. After this was accomplished, every manifestation of Risa disappeared from sight.

The older drow likewise fell asleep before the activities on the bed she shared completely stopped. She slept far too soundly to try to move in to cuddle with the rest of them. It probably had something to do with the alcohol in her system. 

Despite how much booze she had the night before and how late she'd stayed up, Ashyr woke only slightly later than she usually did. Except, for some reason, she wasn't even in the same bed she fell asleep in. Some time in the night, her mostly asleep, drunk self had managed to wander into Tsabdrin's room. Oops. The female ranger sat up in the bed and stared groggily out of the door that she must have left wide open. She could see the rest of the party from where she sat. Her motions woke up her bedmate, who also sat up and also looked just as groggy and confused about the general state of affairs as Ashyr was.

"You've been drinking." He accused. His face was carefully flat and unreadable - if a little vague from so recently being asleep.

"Yup." Ashyr admitted. She cast a quick look of slightly amused apology towards Caleldir in the other room. It was a drunken accident, but this was the first time since that night with Carlotta that she had chosen not to sleep with him. The sight of Risa and Tsabdrin the night before flashed unbidden to her mind. She covered that confusing bundle emotions with a crooked grin and an explanation for her drunkenness. "There was this stuff - the orcs said it was really strong. I didn't believe them. I really should have. What, you jealous?" 

Tsabdrin frowned. He cast a glance over to the half-consumed bottle of wine the half-nymph gave him. It wasn't there anymore; Risa must have put it into her stasis-storage or whatever it was she had to keep things indefinitely fresh. In the end, the stuff had been too damn excellent for him to just drink to be drunk. "Maybe a little." He finally responded. 

The female ranger lifted her hand to pat the male's knee, but she hesitated before actually making contact. Then she withdrew her hand entirely. "Er... maybe next time you can come to the party." She told him lamely. 

"I'd like that." Tsabdrin responded quietly, but Ashyr was already up and moving towards the rest of the party

Caleldir woke up only after everyone else had. Groggily sitting up, he looked around the room. Althaia appeared to be in prayer in the corner of the room, Selene was next to him, and Ashyr was nowhere to be seen... actually, no, he could see her. She was in Tsabdrin's room and he seemed to scolding her. Or something. Hmm... Okay. Whatever. He did not need to know the details. Caleldir yawned and got out of bed. He felt utterly drained, but still strangely happy.

[It is good to see you up and about, Master Librarian.] R.I.S.A.'s voice said. [I have been infused with an utterly unprecedented surge of energy. We should have way more than needed. That said, although I could hold more than 100 warriors, it would be increasingly inefficient to do so.]

"That is good to hear." Caleldir sighed comfortably. He glanced towards the room where Tsabdrin and Ashyr were at. "So... what are we going to do with him today?" He asked.

[I made a room for him in the permanent area. Most of it is half-finished, but I can hide him there today...] She hesitated. [More than that, I think that he will be happy to see what Althaia and I have for him. He should not feel lonely or trapped today, at least. The details are to be a surprise, though. On a different topic, during the attack on the city, should I run the Spider-Tank, take over the tower, or both?]

Caleldir stopped mid-bite (he had been eating trail rations). "I had forgotten about that machine... Wait, 'take over the tower? It is not an Animate System, how can you take it over?"

[I have grown beyond such things. If I take over the tower, I can use any moving parts of the structure to my advantage, such as doors.]

"So... you could lock all the doors for them, and open them for us?"

[Exactly.] R.I.S.A. stated. [I could not stop anyone with a key from getting through, but at least I could provide tactical delays.]

"I am sure that we can find some use for that." Caleldir chuckled. "I will let you know what we need when we are actually there. If things go according to plan, we still want to keep your existence hidden."

Disturbed by the chatter, Selene heaved herself up into a mostly upright position beside Caleldir. Her body leaned heavily, sleepily into his as she tried to gather her wits. When he pulled out some trail rations, the pregnant drow not-so-sneakily stole some of it for her own consumption. That seemed to wake her up a little. "I thought the spider was going to take a longer to be ready." The mage observed.

"Not after all that energy she gained, I'd wager." Ashyr commented as she sat down beside Caleldir and likewise leaned against him. There was, predictably, quite a large grin on her face at her mention of energy. "But I like the locking doors idea." 

The A.I. decided to manifest then. This version was definitely trying to still be professional in attitude, but the fact that she was back to being naked again and the occasional eyes she shot Caleldir, Althaia, or Ashyr, indicated that her pretense at not understanding sexual matters was just that: pretense. Her half-blushing showed that she also remembered what her alter-ego had done last night, and was trying to pretend not to. [Ashyr is right. The energy infusion from last night could allow me to speed up the process of powering and repairing the Spider. However, I have not done so yet. If it is not needed, that energy will be better used elsewhere. I am trying to build a permanent pocket-dimension, which will take far, far more energy to complete than the temporary to long-term structures I have built thus far, but when completed will not need any additional expenditure to upkeep, as it will be a concrete plane of reality and not just a semi-real illusion such as I have created thus far.]

"Does he have torture equipment? Would that count towards your building control?" Selene asked. She sat up a little, now more interested in the conversation.

This caused the A.I. to grimace. R.I.S.A. was, for the most part, more by-the-book Lawful Good than even Althaia, and certainly more than occasionally-flirting-with-Neutral-Good Caleldir. [I can only control what is magically considered to be part of the building. If any equipment is a permanent installation built into the edifice, I could control it. If it is furniture, then no, I cannot. But even if I could use torture equipment, I would not. If we needed to extract information from a villain, I would simply suck out his spirit, leave his body a dried husk, assimilate all his memories, and then banish his soul straight to Eternity. No torture needed.]

Caleldir looked stricken for a moment, then smiled wryly. "Ah. Yes. Of course. Succubus."

"That... that sounds kinda worse than torturing." Ashyr observed. But, unlike Caleldir, she seemed more amused than horrified. 

[Not worse than torturing: more efficient. A life holds a lot of energy I could use to expand my pocket dimension.] R.I.S.A. explained to Ashyr.

"If there's torturing to be done I wouldn't leave you to do it." Selene clarified. Of course the mage would prefer to do it herself. It could be necessary if they wanted information from someone who they needed to keep alive. Or at least that was Selene's train of thought and it had absolutely nothing to do with her sadistic tendencies. Definitely not. "I was thinking more along the lines of chains and such built into the walls ensnaring people. There has to be more than just doors that you can manipulate."

The A.I. looked thoughtful. [I am not opposed to certain interrogation techniques, but I would prefer not to know the details of anything that you plan on doing. As for chains and similar binding devices... I would think that they would magically count as furniture. I am not certain, though. I have never tried to possess a building besides my own, before.]

"I would ask, then, how you know that you can do it all, but I suppose that it is not something that you can easily explain?" Caleldir asked.

R.I.S.A. frowned a little. [That is accurate. I know that I can, but not the extent to which I can. I only promise the bare minimum of what I am absolutely certain I can do, no more.]

"That is reasonable." Caleldir assented.

While they chatted, Tsabdrin took advantage of his freedom by walking out of his room. The door was left wide-open by his cousin, so she must not have minded him wandering about too much. He finished tying his robe that he preferred to wear while not outside the dimension. Then he walked over to and sat down on the couch Selene had been using the night before. It was an effort to not let his eyes wander too often towards the paladin.

"Eh, we'll figure it out when we get there. We can think on our feet." Ashyr said with a shrug. "Probably shouldn't use the spider tank, though."

"Yes." Selene agreed. "We'll want it after you're done making things permanent. After that's done, it should be easy to keep any extra item we want powered. In fact, it'd be hard to keep you lot from doing so." This was said with a small - if slightly wicked - grin. 

Ashyr chuckled at Selene's words. The ranger wasn't even going to try to deny the party's insatiable sexual appetites. "I guess we should get out of here. I bet there's leftover food -" The oldest drow tilted her head to the side as she seemed to realize something. "Hey, R.I.S.A, how would you feel about having a goblin help you with cooking once your prep work with the dimension is done? I sort of promised someone that I'd take care of him."

Turning back to Ashyr, R.I.S.A. nodded. [I can use additional permanent staff. If the aforesaid goblin is well-behaved, I can set him up with a room. You are referring to the creature known as Fucking, are you not? Do you know if he has any preferences as to accommodations?]

The ranger couldn't help but grin at the A.I. who acted as if she knew nothing about sex when she casually called Fucking by his name. It was perhaps a juvenile reaction, but whatever. "I have no idea what he would like. He's a goblin, but he wasn't raised by his people. I mean, he actually takes regular baths." The other goblins she'd met smelled absolutely awful. But, as far as Ashyr could tell, Fucking only smelled like a cook usually did. He certainly never looked dirty. "I'm pretty sure he just lived in the kitchen in Faust's fortress. Oh, and he's better behaved than Bard is." This was said with an amused smile. The poor goblin had his food stolen on a regular basis when he and the wolf were in the same area.

This whole time, Althaia had been quietly meditating. Finally, she finished, stood up, and stretched. Her body moved tantalizingly underneath her loose, sheer nightgown. With a snap of her fingers, she was back in her more modest armor. "Let us be away. We have much to do today." She gave Tsabdrin a light smile. "Goodbye, Tsabdrin. Hope you enjoy seeing R.I.S.A.'s creation before the rest of them!" 

The other two drow didn't look too interested in the conversation about the goblin with the odd name. Selene was too busy snacking on whatever food was available to her. Tsabdrin stared transfixed on the body of the nymph barely hidden underneath her nightgown. He blinked in what looked suspiciously like surprise when she snapped and her armor was back on. What truly snapped him out of his staring stupor was her smile and words to him. It made him remember what she had said before about his animal companions. That made him stare slightly downward into nothing with a subtle look of longing.

"Yeah. Ah- I mean, well, I only get to be in my room, right? Have any idea when everything is going to be finished, my lady?" He hoped either the nymph or the A.I. understood what he was truly talking about. At least his female relatives seemed to have no idea what he could be referring to. 

Althaia and R.I.S.A. both understood Tsabdrin's question, but of the two of them Althaia was the first to react. "R.I.S.A. and I finished your room last night after the others went to sleep." The nymph winked at him. "You should be happy with what we have come up with. We put your quarters over the stables because of your affinity for larger creatures."

Being a projection, R.I.S.A. had no need to clear her throat, but she still did. [Tsabdrin should be pleased with where we are putting him. The rest of you should head on out. I need to reduce this chamber to its component parts and prepare the Army Holding Chamber to... hold an army. Let me know when you need me!] With that she transferred Tsabdrin to the stables, where he would find what he was looking for, and the rest outside.

Ashyr keenly felt the urge to get out of the dimension. She had left Bard with the other animal companions since he was having so much fun. Otherwise, he'd just had to sit in the corner, awkward and antsy, as he usually did. So she popped on the appearance of her armor and had the portal opened. As soon as it was, she jogged out and away. If they were lucky, the party might have seen a golden flash of wolf fur going south, but that was the only sign of where the ranger ran off to.

Unwilling to be as exuberant as her cousin, Selene stuck by Caleldir. It was slightly amusing to Caleldir that, of the two drow, Selene seemed to stick far closer to him than did Ashyr. The haughtier cousin acted the wife far more than the vivacious Ashyr did. She was just... prickly about it. Eh, things were what they were. He liked have either or both of them around. Since Althaia apparently decided to do the same sort of disappearing act as Ashyr, it was just him and Selene now. He turned to her. "Well, unless snacking on trail rations was enough for you, shall we go to breakfast now?"

Outside, there was not much activity going on. It was still a couple hours until midday. In the hall, there were a couple people at the table eating a late breakfast. Among those people were Zarag and Artur. The troupe leader sat with the remnants of his people, while the half-orc ate alone. 

"Yes. I'd prefer something more fresh." Selene agreed.

"I too agree that fresh food tastes better than trail rations." Caleldir nodded. "And whatever they are cooking up there smells really good. Truly, frying is a marvelous invention." With that, he happily accompanied Selene in the direction of the longhouse. 

Just as they made it to the entrance of the large forest-grown building, Zarag lifted his eyes and nodded to them in greeting. Then he wordlessly motioned for them to join him. Caleldir shrugged. He didn't want to be rude; he had better accept the invitation, though he prefered to eat with the troupe. Selene sighed, and followed Caleldir to the table despite her disinclination to eat with anyone (aside from her party, of course). She placed herself as far away from Zarag as she could be while still sitting next to Caleldir. Thankfully, the orc seemed to want to eat in silence, so in silence they ate for several glorious minutes.

--

South Ashyr ran, though the forest that became more and more like that which she remembered. The wild magic forest that the druids had created in the north was beautiful, but it still felt like... anger. Ashyr liked the forest how it was before. There wasn't much forest left unchanged here, unfortunately. The trees went from mostly evergreen to deciduous, then became sparse as the land opened up to flat farms. She didn't want to go quite that far, thankfully, so she would not run out of forest on her little morning run. 

On a whim, she skirted around the city and joined back up with the river just beyond the city clearing. There was a quaint little settlement there that she remembered: a place for merchants that Lord Faust could not or would not give shop licenses to. Or so she gathered; she had never spoken to anyone there, of course. That morning, Ashyr was curious to see how the outlying settlements were doing. Would they be people to help her group with their overthrow? Not that Ashyr was the right person to try to sway their hearts. If she wanted to do that sort of thing, she would have had to bring Althaia along. But it didn't hurt to listen to what the merchants were murmuring about. If she heard good things, maybe the Althaia idea wasn't such a bad one.

The ranger slowed to a stop upon seeing the first building. A little chapel nestled itself at the border between the settlement and the forest. Ashyr's sharp ears told her that there was a meeting being held inside. She peered around to make sure that no one was watching her. No one was, so she deftly clambered up the back wall of the building and squeezed her way through a window open to let the late spring breeze air the chapel. She found herself in a storage room void of people. Perfect. 
