 All content of this story is copyright {2014} by Desired_Temptation and is my intellectual property. This is purely a work of fiction and fantasy and all characters are eighteen years old or older. None of the events exist or have ever happened. This story is not to be redistributed under any circumstances without my express written permission. 

_______Chapter Four_______

(Stella)

Heart pounding, I watched the grin that spread across his lips. He was breath taking when he smiled. Those green eyes seemed to gleam with internal lights and his pale skin almost seemed to glow.

"Stella."

Stomach clenching with sudden desire, I flushed as my dream came back to me with a vengeance. Those green eyes and that rumbling voice, among other things, that had coaxed me towards my climax. Oh god. The dream had done him justice. The husky sound of my name coming from those lips made me sex drip.

"Would you like a refreshment, Stella?"

Blinking out of my flashback, I blushed and nodded meekly. I hoped to god that vampires didn't read minds. If he knew of all the things I was thinking about that concerned him, I think I would die of embarrassment. Sexual fantasies were not something someone wanted a stranger to know about, especially when I just learned his name and knew nothing else about him.

Watching as he raised his hand and gestured towards the black marble topped bar, I couldn't help the sudden sweep my eyes did down the length of his body. Dressed in a short sleeved dark green button up shirt that had a black muscle shirt peeking from beneath the gaping material and black jeans that seemed to hug his hips and thighs but flowed down the length of his long legs. Peeking from a small gap at the bottom of his shirt, I noted the black belt with its shining silver belt buckle that rested above his... oh lord. Licking my lips, my forced my eyes to drop to his black boots and had to admit that he looked spiffy. Yummy even.

Stepping up beside him, I touched the cool stone counter and took in a deep breath. Geez. I was acting like a schoolgirl on her first date with an older guy. Hormones raging and tongue tied. Wondering if the short dark blue dress that hugged my adequate chest and flowed down to my mid thigh was nice enough. True I wore a push up bra to show enough cleavage through the low dip of the front of my dress that I knew my sex appeal was there, but standing next to this chiseled dark beast of a man it made me feel nervous and unsure of myself.

"What are you thinking, sweet mortal?"

Glancing over, I noticed that while I had been staring down at the bar he had been silently watching me. It was slightly intimidating. Where the hell had all my courage and aggressive sex allure gone? I had come into the club with a bounce in my step and a devilish smile to melt him into a goo and now I was the one melting at the sight of him.

"I was just wondering why a guy like you would want anything to do with a wee mortal like me." At least my voice wasn't shaking.

He smiled softly, reaching out to tuck a strand of my straightened blond hair behind my ear. "You're beautiful, that you know, but you spark an interest in me. You're not like most humans I run into. There's something about you that enthralls me."

I flushed at his compliment, surprised by his straight forwardness. Wondering how many times I was going to blush in this man's presence, I muttered the only thing that came to mind. "Oh."

Chuckling, his eyes flashed silver for a moment as he glanced down at my lips. "You look gorgeous, by the way," he rumbled in a husky voice, those mesmerizing eyes raising to meet mine.

Smiling, I looked back down at the bar. "Thank you. You look dashing yourself."

"Dashing," he chuckled, "compared to a beauty like you, I pale in comparison."

I frowned and through him a disbelieving look. " Don't be coy. Have you looked at yourself lately? Mr. Stud-R-Us."

He looked down at himself and a sad smile curved those lovely lips. Longs fingers tentatively touched one of the black gleaming buttons of his green shirt and sighed. "Truth be told, I haven't seen my own reflections in over two and a half decades. Until...I saw the portrait you did of me in your studio, I only had vague memories."

Eyes widening, I stared at him speechlessly. In the back of my mind, I made notice that he admitted to being in my sanctuary, but at the front I was incredible sad for him. I looked in the mirror over a dozen times throughout the day. He hasn't seen what he looked like for over...two thousands years. Shit.

I blinked rapidly. I didn't know if that bit of knowledge was unsettling or if I was amazed at all the things he must have seen happen throughout his long lifetime. It also made think of how lonely that lifetime would have been. All your loved ones and friends dying while you lived on.

"So this is the enchantress that snagged your attention. She is lovely, Sage."

Glancing up at the new male voice that joined our private interlude, I was ready to be pissed at the interruption, but was rather surprised to see a handsome young guy with friendly blue eyes smiling at me from behind the bar. Trying not to frown, I wondered how Sage knew this guy? He looked barely old enough to be in the club.

Grinning, he snaked out a hand and gently took my own into his grasp. Bringing my hand to his lips, he placed a chaste kiss on my knuckles, those blue eyes staring right at me. "My name is Anton and I own this particular club, Stella."

Blinking in alarm, I snatched my hand away from him. How had he known my name?

I felt a cool hand touch the back of my arm and turned to give Sage wide eyes. He was frowning the new guy. "Anton is one of my oldest friends and I apologize if he startled you." Turning those emerald eyes my way, he smiled gently down at me, making my stomach flutter with butterflies.

Anton's laughed, the sound sliding over my flesh. Turning, I stared at him. "My apologies, Stella. I like to shock people, to see how one acts when confronted with something outside the norm."

Leaning towards Sage, I gave Anton a halfhearted smile. "Well, you accomplished that fairly well, but I still want to know how you know my name."

Blue eyes glancing at Sage, he nodded slightly as if Sage had given him some kind of permission to go on. "Sage told you what he is, correct?"

"Yes, but I don't see how what he is has...oh." I sucked in a quick breath when the connection snapped into place. "You're one, too."

Smiling in half mockery, he nodded. "You catch on quick, Stella. Yes, I am like him, though he is a bit older then I. As for knowing your name, it is a gift I acquired when I died and came into this new life. I was always able to read people easily and when I was reborn, that talent was magnified. Reading people's minds comes quite handy."

I frowned, more disturbed then fascinated by his 'gift'. "You can see into people's minds? That's kind of reminds me of a peeking tom."

He smiled, flashing a hint of fangs. "Well, I don't see it quite like that. It is a gift, to allow me to see into people. Know there deepest secrets and desires, their darkest thoughts that are never spoken," he said softly, those blue eyes glinting at me.

I paled. I had been thinking of my dream moments ago, had he seen that? Had he seen my darkest secret? Had he seen that far into me? Would he tell Sage that I was...

Forcing the thoughts from my mind, I stared hard into Anton's eyes, silently begging him to keep whatever he may have learned about me to himself. If I wanted people to know about my own damn secrets, I would have told them myself. I didn't need some bloody vampire spilling the beans when I had no intention of telling anyone, yet.

Those blue eyes watched me silently, his smile slipping as he watched the array of emotions flash through my gaze, probably reading every thought that crossed my agitated mind. "You are a unique human, Stella, and I can see why Sage has fallen under your spell. Strong willed, intelligent, and so brave. A rum and coke kind of girl to boot. Fascinating."

I blinked slowly, not sure where he had gotten that bit of info, but almost relieved that he seemed to had gotten my silent pleas. "I was never into those frilly drinks most woman favor. Whiskey or rum with coke suits me."

Anton suddenly grinned. "A woman after my own heart."

Sage growled softly beside me, drawing my attention to his flashing green eyes and thinned out lips. "Get the damn drinks, Anton. Your throng of admirers seem to need your flirtatious ass with a desperation."

I looked down the bar and spotted the cluster of woman staring daggers my way and sending pleading looks towards Anton as well as Sage. Thank god. At least the peeking tom would be occupied for awhile.

Anton laughed. "Fine. I just wanted to what kind of woman made the almighty Sage fall from his high throne."

Flicking my gaze back towards him, I raise an eyebrow at him. "You make it sound like he's a god or chaste or something."

Anton opened his mouth, but quickly shut it when he glanced over at Sage. Looking over, I caught the hard look Sage was giving him. Interesting. Which comment had caused him to give a silencing look at his friend?

"I'll let Sage tell you that one. Its his story to tell, not mine.," Anton murmured, though my attention was all for the expressionless vampire next to me.

Just from his closed off expression, I knew that the subject bothered him. He had his own dark secrets it seemed. Logically I knew that I should let the subject drop, but it spiked the curiosity in me. I wanted to know what secrets lurked behind those green eyes and hardened exterior.

Emerald eyes looked down at me and some of the hardness in his gaze melted away. Heart suddenly pounding, I had to bit my lip from asking. What kind of secrets did this gorgeous man hold? Why did simply looking at him make me want to strip him of them as well as his clothes?

A sudden choking sound caused me to blink from my gazing and I turned towards Anton's surprised face. I flushed and hastily looked away from him. He better not say a thing about my thoughts or I would murder him in his own club.

Anton burst out laughing, damn vampire. I glanced nervously over at Sage and found him watching me silently, a corner of his mouth curved up in a small smile. My heart skipped a beat. Oh god. Could he read minds too?

"What are thinking, sweet one, to cause Anton to cause a scene and spill his precious liquor?"

Swoosh. It suddenly got hot and I knew my face was three shades darker then it had been a moment ago. My mouth opened and closed, but no sound came forth. My heart was hammering in my chest and I thought I was going to kill over from mortification. This could not be happening.

Sage chuckled softly and I watched as he leaned down to place a chaste kiss on my cheek. I couldn't help to soft gasp that left my lips at the feather light touch of his velvety lips against my skin. They were even softer then they had been in my dream.

Warm breath puffed against the shell of my ear as he leaned towards me and whispered, "I like the fact that I can make you blush. It becomes you, Stella."

Slowly pulling away, I all but swooned from the sensations that were pulsing through my body that his close proximity had caused. His raw male scent mixed with his cologne made my head spin. Sweet heavens. 

"Well, on that note, please enjoy your drinks. I'll be down the bar if you need anything."

I heard Anton, but my focus was on Sage's smiling mouth. "Oh, okay. It was nice meeting you, peeking tom, um, Anton."

Sage laughed, his green glittering under the soft lighting of the club. He was breath taking when he laughed. Biting my lip against a smile, I glanced at Anton's pouting face that quickly became devious. Dread filled my stomach.

"Peeking tom, ha. At least my thoughts are rather innocent when yours is farthest from it," he grumbled, a mischievous glint entering in his eyes as he turned away and proceeded towards his groupies.

I gaped at him. No he didn't. Swallowing my pulse, I stared after Anton, wishing I had a bottle to throw at the back of his head. Fucking bloodsucker.

Standing on wobbly knees, I could feel Sage's gaze on me like a heated caress. I was afraid to look at him. I was afraid he would ask what kind of thoughts I was having. What kind of thoughts I was still having will he continued to stare at me. __________

(Sage)

Staring at her with hooded eyes, I grinned at the pink blush that darkened under my scrutiny. Whatever not so tame thoughts that Anton mentioned that filled her mind intrigued me. Where they thoughts of me? Did she curse like a sailor the secret crevasses of her mind? Did intimate scenes filled with our heated flesh flash through her mind as it did mine?

Grabbing the Bloody Mary I hadn't finished, I threw the rest of the glass back in one huge gulp. It was going to be one hell of a night. Having the woman I had wild fantasies about next to me in her blue short dress that flashed so much skin to my greedy gaze. Thank god for the invention of those revealing dresses.

"Do you dance, Stella?"

The question flowed from my lips, surprising me. I hadn't danced in ages, but the thought of having her form slid and brush against mine thrilled me to no end.

Those swirling blue green eyes rose to meet mine and some of the blush faded as she smiled up at me. My breath caught. No matter how many times I saw that smile, those sparkling eyes, did my heart not try to leap from my chest. The particular feeling was slightly alarming. It felt like the beginning of falling in love, but that was absurd. I had only known this woman for three days. Talked to her for only a few moments.

"Yes, I dance. Are you offering?"

The musical notes of her voice filled my head. Grabbing her small soft hand in mine, I stared down at her full lips and smiled. I wanted to taste those lips. I wanted to be away from all these prying eyes and lock this woman in a dark room with nothing by silk sheets beneath her pale creamy nude form. What I wanted to offer was a different kind of dance that involved her flesh melting against mine in ecstasy.

"Yes."

The word came out a deep rumbling growl that almost sounded like a groan. Flicking my gaze up to hers, I watched as they widened and darkened to a deep blue with streaks of green in their depths. Fuck me. I wanted her.

Tugging her gently towards the dance floor, the crowds of humans and vampires alike fell away. There was nothing but her and the loud beating of my heart in my chest. Limbs moving to the tempo of whatever song was playing, I stared at her with a wicked smile curving my lips. Daring her.

A sly smile curved her bow shaped mouth, her hips swaying as she moved towards me. Linking her arms around my neck, she withered against me in a way that had me setting my teeth on edge. Oh yes. One hell of a night.

Body rolling in a wave down my form, she swayed with me for a heartbeat. When she moved back a step, I almost groaned in protest until she turned and pressed her back down my length. Her glorious ass settled just below my growing member, rubbing and nudging provocatively against my thighs. Arms raising above her head, my hands rose to gently run down their smooth length, not being able to resist touching her.

I felt the shudder go through her and smiled. At least my touch was effecting her like hers was effecting me. Maybe dancing wasn't the smart thing to do. Much more of this and I was afraid my control would snap.

"So tell me, Sage," she murmured, making my body shiver at the sound of my name leaving her lips, "what are you thinking?"

I had to bit the inside of my cheek at the sudden flurry of sexual words that wanted to spill from my mouth. Giving off a soft chuckle, I settled my hands on her swaying hips and bit my lip against the urge to grip her there.

"I'm thinking that you're one hell of a dancer."

She laughed and turned to face me. Those glowing eyes met mine and whatever she saw there made her smile slip a bit and her eyes darkened to a sapphire.

"Thank you. You're not so bad yourself."

Had her voice gotten husky? Sweet fates alive.

"What are you thinking?"

A impish smile curved her mouth. "I thinking of a lot of things actually," she said softly, her gaze dropping to what I thought was my mouth before raising to meet my gaze.

My gut clenched. "What do you want to know, sweet Stella? You have but to ask."

A faint blush colored her pale cheeks. "Can you read minds, too?" she asked in a breathy rush.

Shaking my head, I sighed. "No, unfortunately, though I crave to know what goes on behind those beautiful eyes of yours. My talents rest in more physical attributes. My senses are heightened. I'm quicker then most my kind, more lethal. I also tend to hide better when needed," I added softly, raising an eyebrow at the no so subtle meaning.

Her lips quirked as she brushed against me, still moving to the music. "So that's how you were able to simply disappear. You were there when I called you a coward. How did you do it?"

Grinning, I slide my hands up her sides, loving the quick breath she took in at my touch. "Come now. You don't expect me to reveal my secrets, do you? I like the element of surprise. Didn't you like the sketch I left for you?"

Her cheeks flared with color. "Yes. You're very good. How did you know what I looked like beneath clothes? Why you spying on me through my bedroom window?"

Stroking my thumbs just below her round globs of feminine flesh, I reeled on the shiver that ran through her. "Do you like the thought of me watching you while you strip, Stella? Knowing that my eyes burn for you as you reveal every inch of your skin for my viewing?"

I could hear her heart galloping in her chest, her spike of arousal filling the air like a perfume. Sweet heaven I was in. She was like a drug. Drawing me to her, shredding away my control bit my bit.

Smiling, I tentatively ground my arousal against her lower stomach. "I only jest. I do not like to spy on one's private moments, unless invited to," I paused when I felt her press back against me, making my mind fog up for just a moment, "I actually found a rather eye catching painting. Whoever placed you in this portrait I should give my thanks to. It was definitely a treasure I could wish to own."

I watched her chest rise as she inhaled sharply, those perfectly shaped breasts rising towards me as if in invitation. "You found the painting of me n-naked? Oh god," she groaned, dropping her eyes from my heated gaze.

I chuckled at her sweet embarrassment. Reaching up, I touched her chin and raised her face back to look up at me. Brushing my thumb over her pale pink lips, I stared down into her now aqua colored eyes. Beautiful.

"At a later time, I might wish to ask how this painting came to be, but not tonight," I muttered in a low rumbling tone, "though I will say that you have nothing to be embarrassed about, my Stella."

Her throat worked as she swallowed gently, drawing my attention to the length of her cream colored throat for just a moment. "Do you bite humans?" she suddenly murmured.

Having been caught looking, I cleared my throat softly. "No. I haven't bitten a human in over fifty years."

"Why?" The question was spoken in a whisper and I swore I saw a flash of disappointment in her eyes.

Tilting my head, my eyes flicked over her face in wonder. "Because it had ended tragically for both parties. It was something that has haunted me since, which in turn became my refusal to drink from any mortal," I murmured, waiting to see if that flash of disappointment would return. When it didn't, I added, "Not matter how tempting that mortal may be. And you, my beauty, are indeed a temptation."

I was rewarded with a flash of heat that sucked the air from my lungs. Did the thought of me taking her that way excite her? Oh god. My hardened length jerked against her petite form on its own accord, making her eyes widened.
