 All content of this story is copyright {2014} by Desired_Temptation and is my intellectual property. This is purely a work of fiction and fantasy and all characters are eighteen years old or older. None of the events exist or have ever happened. This story is not to be redistributed under any circumstances without my express written permission.

_____Chapter Five_____

(Sage)

Stiffening, I stared at Mira. Hate and rage towards the woman twisted in my gut and it took everything in me not to throttle the conniving bitch. If it wasn't for the my sweet suddenly stiff human in my grasp, I would have done so gladly. Marrying the damned woman over six hundred years ago had been one of my worst decisions I had done in my immortal life.

"Your husband," Stella's soft voice floated up to me, making my heart lurch against my chest. 

Turning guarded eyes down to her stunning face that had been filled with such passion not even a moment before, but was now pale with betrayal and filled with hurt. Blue green swirls of agony looked up to me in accusation, making my chest tighten with the realization that those simple lying words could have very well lost me my newly found enchantress.

"You're married?" 

The words were breathed from her pale lips, such turmoil in her soft tones. Opening my mouth, I barely got a syllable out to explain the turn of events when her fist collided with my ribcage. Grunting at the unexpected jab, eyes widening in disbelieve, I felt my arms loosen just enough for Stella to jerk out of my hold. Jesus. For a petite human she packaged quite a punch.

"Are you fucking serious?" Eyes darkening to a deep sapphire that glinted with her anger,i watched speechlessly as she backed away from me. My world seemed to freeze in time and I knew that I would see those hate filled eyes for the rest of my days and I despised it. "You had a wife all this time and we...and I just... I can't believe you!" 

Spinning on her heel, she turned her back to me. A slicing pain lashed through my chest as I watched her blond hair wipe around her in a shining curtain. I reached out to her without a second thought and caught her tiny wrist in my grasp, refusing to let it end this way. I couldn't allow her to leave without her knowing all the facts about Mira and I.

"Stella, wait." I could here the plea in my voice, the desperation that was clawing inside me was spilling out. "You don't know everything. Please, listen. Mira is..." her dainty hand striking my cheek startled me, succeeding in silencing me out of sheer shock. The blow didn't hurt, but it wounded me far deeper then the stinging of a mere cheek.

"Stella..."

Staring down into her tear filled eyes, I watched as her bottom lip started to tremble. "You were just playing me. It was all just a game to you. I thought you were different from all the other assholes I dated, but you're not." Her voice was harsh and raspy, her eyes likes shards of broken glass. 

My heart thudded heavily once in my chest before it went silent in my hallowed ribs. She believed the twisted truth down to her very core and just by looking at her I knew that there wasn't going to be any way that I could convince her otherwise.

"Let me go. Just...please, let me go."

I watched a hot tear roll down the curve of her cheek, her voice had held the teetering edge of a whimper and it killed me inside to know that I was the cause of her pain.

"No." The word was the only thing I could think of outside of the panicked feeling welling up in my guy. I was about to loose her and I didn't know how to stop it. "I won't let you go, not until you give me a chance to explain."

Dark blonde lashes pressed against her pale cheeks as a second tear joined the first to slid down the other side, dripping off the edge of her jawline to land wetly on the curve of her breast. "I hate you."

The words were so soft and heart felt that something died inside of me as I stared speechlessly as her. I felt strangled. Like there was a vise around my pounding heart, squeezing what little life there was left in me out.

"Stella..." her name was a croak from my dry lips.

Jerking her wrist easily from my lax grip, she spun and ran from me. Stepping to run after her, I found a firm hand clenching my bicep, preventing me from chasing after her as she disappeared into the crowded dance floor. Tuning with a savage snarl, I stared at Mira's smug smiling face. Fists clenching, I felt the color bleed from my eyes and I knew my humanity was slipping away. I had every intention of beating the woman to an inch of her immortal life. She made me lose the one being that my soul craved after so many years of darkness and self-hatred.

"Sage, don't."

Anton's calm voice floated through my tunneled hearing, his body just suddenly blocking my pulsing vision of the woman I came to despise. Yanking her hand from my arm, he pushed her back and away from me as if she meant nothing to him. Stumbling, she gasped in outrage, her red painted mouth parting to scold him for his behavior. I watched as her green eyes flicked up to mine over Anton's shoulder and a flash of fear raced across her face. She finally saw the monster she made me become, the rage I had boiling in my gut. Good. I wanted her to fear me.

"If you don't go after her now, Sage, you will lose her. With no one to claim her, the Clan will see to it that she dies with the knowledge of our existence. Do you understand what I am saying, Sage?" Anton asked, his hand reaching out to grip my chin and force me to look down into his serious blue eyes, "they will kill her if you don't find her, dammit."

Blinking slowly, I swallowed my fury and took in a deep breath. I understood what he was saying, but it was as if my mind had ceased to work and my primal side had taken over. I wanted to maim and kill. I wanted to scream and shout out my hurt and anger. But he was right. I needed to focus. I needed to find Stella. Find her before anyone else got to her first. If that happened...

"I'll find her," I whispered, afraid to talk above a murmur as grotesque images flashed behind my eyes.

Anton nodded, his face grim as he released my face from his grasp. "Then get your ass moving."

Stepping stiffly away from him, I began shoving my way through the liquor induced throng of humans and vampires alike. I moved with a single motivation thrumming through my distraught mind. To find Stella. To keep her safe. To make her see. To claim her as mine.

_________

(Stella)

Pushing the toe of my midnight blue slipper harder against the gas pedal, I wiped angrily at the tears that continued to spill down my cheeks. My windshields wipers swept across my windshield in a frenzy as the rain fell down around me on the darkened road, fitting the ugly mood I was in.

He was married! The words kept running around and around in my head as my mind went over the entire scene over and over again. He had used me. Brought me pleasure with the press of his body on mine and he had a fucking wife! The arrogant cheating bastard!

Thighs clenching, I felt the sticky reminder of my passion and had to admit that a part of me mourned the thought of never having the man. He had been everything I wanted. For so long, I had been looking for someone who could give me strength and support in my times of need and his arms had offered that. So much fierce possession he had, but it hadn't even been really in my reach. It had been that woman's.

Lights flashing through the sheets of rain, I noticed the sign announcing that I was approaching the turn off to my home. Pressing on the brakes, my breath caught when my Corvette skidded across the wet asphalt, sliding towards the ditch at a speed that made my stomach drop. A scream crawled up my throat and I thought for a moment that I was going to roll. Tires jerking against the dirt that lined the two laned road, I let out a heavy sigh when they found traction and my beast coasted to a stop a few yards past the turn off.

Hands gripping the steering wheel, I berated myself as I shifted the car into reverse and backed up enough to turn down the narrow road. Having a near miss of a car accident had dampened my anger enough that I drove silently through the tree engulfed dirt road towards my own place of sanctuary. Parking the rumbling metal trap, I shut off the engine and let out a weary sigh.

The light pings of raindrops bouncing off the exterior of my car filled my ears as I sat and quietly wept in the dark. I was no longer angry. I was hurt and mortified that I had let my emotions overrule my common sense. I should have learned by now, through countless disastrous relationships, that I needed to keep my heart guarded. I didn't even know Sage all that well and he had dug his way in when I should have kept him out.

God, I needed a drink.

Cupping my keys in my shaking hand, I pushed the door open and climbed out of my car into the pouring rain. Hunching under the cold assault of the relentless drops, I slammed my car door and carefully sprinted towards my front door in my thin dancing slippers. Water dripping down my face, I hastily unlocked the door and hurried inside.

Soaked and shivering, I locked the deadbolt and dropped the keys on the small red oak waist high table I had by the entrance. Grasping the edge of it, I reaching down and peeled my shoes off, kicking them under the table none to gently. I would deal with them later. Gloomily, I headed down the hallway to my kitchen, leaving a dripping trail behind me that, again, I would deal with later.

Leaving the lights off, I stumbled around my kitchen table and flung open my dark stained wooden cabinets in search of my stash of whiskey I kept for nights just like this. Growling in frustration, I started tossing out pans and skillets, along with glass cooking dishes, across my kitchen floor. Glass shattered and metal clanged behind me, but I didn't care. When my hand gripped a smooth glass bottle, I almost threw it behind me in my hast. The soothing swish of liquor next to my ear let me know that I had found what I had been digging for. Finally. Sighing heavily, I clutched my fifth of Southern Comfort whiskey to my chest and stood up on wobbly legs.

Kicking debris out of my way, lightening flashed across my windows, lighting up my trashed kitchen and the mess I had made. I felt a small amount of satisfaction that it looked the way I felt inside. Unscrewing the cap as I walked, I somehow managed to make it to the stairs as I swallowed the first gulp full of burning liquid. Wiping the back of my free hand across my mouth, I stomped up the stairs like a elephant.

I knew I was being childish, but I wanted to drown my sorrow. I wanted to kick and scream out my frustration on anything and everything around me. Breaking things in my kitchen had only fueled the desire and taking out my anger on the stairs was harmless. It made me feel better just simply doing it. Childish, yes, but fuck it. It felt good.

Taking another swig of whiskey, I swallowed and let out a soft hiss as it made its way down. I stood there, at the top of the stairs, letting the warmth of my drink course through me. I could feel drops of cool rain water splatter against the tops of my bare feet, dripping down the backs of my legs to pool around my heels. I was soaked to the bone, but I was numb. I didn't feel cold. I only felt the burn of the liquor as it settled in my stomach and the heartache that thrummed through my chest.

Heat pricked at the back of my eyes and I was disguised to find that I wanted to cry again. That there was a sob waiting for the opportune moment to erupt from my trembling lips. I had thought I was over crying, but I wasn't. It had just been laying in wait for the moment that my anger drew back enough to let the hurt flood back in.

Bringing the bottle to my lips, I drowned my sobs and swallowed gulp after gulp until I couldn't take anymore. Shuddering, I coughed and gasped as my eyes brimmed over, tears streaking down my already wet cheeks. Oh, the lovely burn. May it kill this stabbing ache of betrayal.

Trudging towards my room, I made it to my closed bedroom door and leaned against the cool dark wood. Green eyes flashed through my mind, causing my heart to twist painfully. A sob crawled out despite my will to keep it in.

"Why?"

The word was whispered and so broken that it hurt to hear such a sound come from me. That I let myself be torn down enough to produce such vocalized grief and agony.

Grabbing the doorknob with my free hand, I slowly pushed the door open to a flash of lightening that lite my darkened room for a heartbeat. Blinking through the tears that spilled from my eyes, I stumbled in. I wanted to take this damn dress off. I wanted to burn the damned thing, along with all the memories that came with it.

Setting my whiskey down with a sharp clank on the hardwood floor, I grasped the slippery wet blue material of my dress and tugged the clinging garment upwards. I had to tug it a little to get it over my breasts, but I had managed to peel to dress off and let it drop with a wet flop onto the floor beside me.

Reaching down for my salvation bottle, I stumbled and noted with a sick glee that I was well on my way to being drunk. Yippy.

Straightening, I blinked rapidly as the world tilted slightly and waited patiently for the vertigo to pass. What I was left looking at made my breath catch, my heart clenching suddenly in a painful vise. A dark shape of a man, yes definitely a man, stood just in front of my window.

The man stood there, breathing hard, his black hair dripping with rain. Even as I sucked in a breath to scream, I saw those green eyes flash silver in the darkness, but none of it registered. Drawing back my arm, I threw my half full bottle of whiskey at the form. The dark bottle sailed pass the intruder and shattered against the wall beside my open window, leaving the man unharmed. 

Turning in a fogged fear, I tried to run from my room, but found strong arms slipping around my nearly naked torso. That's when the panic finally burst through my numbed state. Letting out a banshee like shriek, I kicked and struggled for all my drunken worth. I would be damned if I went down without a fight.

Those strong steel like arms clenched around me as cool breath brushed against the shell of my ear. He was whispering something. What was he saying? Was he saying my name? I couldn't focus and fight him off at the same time. Multitasking was not my strong point when liquor was involved.

Calming enough to focus on the husky rasp of his voice, I felt my eyes widen as the familiar timber tones washed over me.

"Stella, please," Sage gasped, his breath coming in small puffs against my ear, "please. I don't want to hurt you."

Panting, I turned slowly, the shadows coming in streams as I looked over my shoulder. I had to blink a couple of times to draw him back into focus as he drew back enough for me to see his green eyes shining in the shadowed contours of his face.

"Why are you here?" I croaked, tears blurring my already twisted vision, "I told you to stay away."

Turning me in his arms, he pulled me against his soaked chest. Even though this man had hurt me deeply, I still couldn't control how my body reacted to the closeness of his ridged form pressed to the front of me. Those emerald eyes stared down into mine and I was surprised to see a panicked look that bordered on desperation gleaming in their depths. That spiteful part of me was glad to see it though. Glad that he had felt something from deceiving me.

"I couldn't let you leave me, Stella," he rumbled in a deep vibrating voice that echoed through his heaving chest into mine, "You're mine. You were mine the moment I set my eyes on you."

Slanting his mouth over mine, I let out a small surprised gasp as he took my mouth with a wild recklessness that stole my breath away from me. Cool drops of rain dripped from his hair onto my face, trailing down my cheeks and closed eyelids. The velvety feel of his lips moving against mine made part of my brain shut down, but there was still that small voice screaming at me that he had hurt me. That I shouldn't be enjoying his kiss, that I should be fighting him.

Wedging my hands between out tightly pressed bodies, I placed my hands on his chiseled hard chest and pushed. Turning my face out of the mind numbing smooch, I panted and halfheartedly struggled against him. The damn man was relentless, though, and bloody strong. It was like trying to shove at a mountain.

"You have no right to kiss me," I murmured, my own version of panic welling up beneath the dullness the liquor gave me. Looking up into that darkened face and those green eyes, I felt hot tears roll down my wet cheeks to blend with the water droplets. "You never did. You're married, Sage."

Gripping the wet clinging material of his shirt in my hands, I used my forearms to try to push away. I was confused. Angry that this man lied, angry that I still wanted him even though I knew he was taken. I was baffled and under the influence of my favorite drink. Having him pressed to my barely covered form made all the reasons for hating the man harder to focus on, not when I could practically feel his skin through his clothes.

His jaw clenched in the shadows. "Mira is no longer my wife, Stella."

I frowned, blinking up at him. "But she said..."

"She lied." The words came out a growl, such venomous hate in his voice. "I married the damned woman over six hundred years ago and it has been haunting me ever since. I divorced her after I found her in bed with someone I thought was a close friend. The woman lives to ruin me and everything in my existence."

My troubled mind whirled over his words, the meaning of it sinking in a little more slowly then it should have. "So you're not married?" I whispered, staring up at him with a blooming hope in my chest that I wished wasn't so eager to cling to me.

Lightening flashed, lighting up his features for a moment. A small smile curved a corner of his mouth, his eyes swirling between black and the emerald I came to be rather fond of. With his jet black hair slicked down to his head from the rain, small drops clinging to the sweep of his eyelashes... He was indeed my living dark dream, all wet and utterly masculine.

My arms slackened against his chest and I found myself leaning into him as I waited for his answer. An answer I hoped would lead him straight into my frustrated bed. I wanted this sexy ass vampire. I just needed to hear from his lips that he wasn't taken. Then all this hard muscled masculine body could be mine for the taking.

Lowering his head, he brushed his lips against mine softly. "No, my mortal. I am not married."

Sliding my hands up his slick chest, I weaved my hands further up into his hair and clenched my fists into those wet silky strands. His breath hitched and a small groan breathed against my mouth, his eyes darkening with heat. I said the only thing I could think of at that moment.

"What a fucking relief."

Green eyes widened and he let out a small husky chuckle. "I haven't had the kind of fucking relief I would like to achieve with you, sweet human, but soon I plan to."

Whoosh. My body flushed with heat and my stomached clenched at the sudden lust filled sweaty images running through my mind. I think I muttered something like 'oh yes' before his mouth covered mine, those velvety lips so gentle and sweet that it only seemed to fuel my desire to have this man naked. Those ridged muscles tightening and gliding beneath his skin as he brought me to ecstasy.

________________

So sorry it took so long to update. Thank you all so much for your patience. Have a lot going on in my life, new place, new relationship, kiddos, all that jazz. So I really hope chapter five was worth the wait for you all. Please oh please leave me a comment on how you liked or disliked this chapter. I love to hear all suggestions and opinions from everyone. Again, thank you all for being with me and having the patience to wait it out. Hope you enjoyed. I promise to have the next chapter up as soon as I possible can. Love you all so much!!!
