 All characters in this work are 18 +

***

June 1997

Inspired by true events...

The nights were getting really hot, so I was naked except for my black boxer briefs as I lay on my full sized mattress, and even then my back and forehead were covered in sweat. I tossed and turned all through the night, shapely thighs and wet lips in my dreams waking me intermittently, always with a raging hard-on. Every time I woke up I thought about jacking off, but then I would fall asleep and repeat the cycle. 

My hair was lank across the back of my neck. I groaned as yet another delectable crevasse of cleavage swirled up from within the darkest parts of my subconscious. This fertile valley was attached to a beautiful woman, her tits bursting forth in shocking pale whiteness from her tight black leather tunic, her black hair swirling down around her white face that was punctuated with the darkest lips that I had ever seen. 

"So dark, so dark..." I muttered as I slept.

The woman's dark lips formed words that I couldn't make out inside my dream and my eyes traveled down the glorious curves of her hourglass figure, all of my masculine sense taking in her overpowering ripeness and the swell of her hips, all contained by the form fitting black leather of her pants that were drawn together on the sides with stitching that gave me a tantalizing taste of her shapely legs. Black platform high heels covered her dainty feet, and my eyes wound up back nestled deeply into her cleavage. 

Her eyes shimmered and I noticed that her ears were curled up into points. She smiled and stuck out her tongue, which was forked, and I couldn't help but realize that she had two white and sharp looking fangs. 

A demon, I thought lustily in the haze of my dream. A demon come to slay me with desire.

Then I heard her laugh, I high-pitched wail, as my sense of hearing reemerged from wherever it had gone before. 

"You are mine, Michael. You have always been mine. I have waited long enough, and tonight you shall be mine in deed as well as in word!" She cackled and threw her head back, thrusting out her cleavage at me so that I stood mesmerized and horny, my cock at stiff attention. 

She twirled around for me and my eyes lasered in on her fine wide ass, full and luscious and waiting to be spanked and kneaded like firm bread dough. I could not stop staring as she continued her twirl and bent down on all fours, thrusting her hefty rump high up into the air. A forked tail rose above her back as my eyebrows rose in astonishment. Somehow I felt my lust ramp up a notch and my balls swell as cacophony of desire filled them with seed. 

"Who are you?" Was all that I could stammer, and her lips drew wide in amusement at my young hesitance.

"Why, you know that my dear boy. I am the dark mother, the demon lover, the succubus that has followed you all of her long life, waiting for you to plant your seed, which I can tell has filled your large balls hotly, into me so that I can give birth to many daughters and sons and we can reclaim what is rightfully ours! The Earth, that round blue ball that you have all treated so badly - we are it's rightful inhabitants, as the Great One made it specifically for us!" At the end of her little monologue she cackled and laughed and began to strip down right in front of me. 

She reached overhead and somehow slipped out of her tight leather tunic, and before me I found two mammoth breasts shining and heaving whitely, two black aureoles and nipples pointing at me as if in accusation, defying the laws of gravity and drawing me in like a snakecharmer. Only it was my cock that throbbed and weaved its own dance as I moved a step toward her, my hard length bobbing in the still night air. 

I could feel the heat of her body emanating off her in waves and recoiled at it, but she laughed and moved forward to press her bosom fleshily onto my pecs, softness melting into my hardness. I gasped as I found my thick erection pressed up between our two bodies, sliding onto her soft white belly and spurting a dollop of jism onto her hot skin. 

"Oh!" I cried out as the pleasure in my cock overwhelmed me and I gyrated my hips upward, increasing the friction on my frenulum in order to heighten my pleasure. 

"No!" She screamed at me and took my head between her two hands, which I couldn't help notice had long sharp black nails, and shook it. "I want all of your seed planted deep into my hot pussy, not on my stomach! Only after I have exhausted your fertile seed will I let you play with your self. I will drive you mad with desire until you can no longer sleep or eat or even think. Then your cock will always be semi-rigid and ready to spring into action and fertilize me at my whim!" She licked her dark lips with her forked tongue and I could only nod as she seemed to drink in my gaze, holding me there until she let me go by looking down onto my aching member, with precum oozing out of it like lava. 

She licked her lips. 

"Come here, boy." As she whispered those words she put her hands on her leather pants and pulled them down, with much effort, over her wide curvaceous hips, revealing smooth roiling thighs and a bare, inflamed pussy, its wet lips blossoming as I looked on in fascination and dumb lust. 

My hard-on pointed the way to fulfillment, right toward her sweet beautiful dripping pussy and she groaned and ran her hands down the sides of her body, as if to show off the merchandise. She wriggled a little and reached out a sharp nailed hand to cup my balls, and her other hand wrapped firmly around my cock.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed as the warmth and pressure of her hands overwhelmed me. Her hand gently cupped my balls as her other hand worked it's way lightly up and down my shaft until I thought I could hold on to my load no more, and grunted. She let go of my rigid member, and knelt down in front of me, her dark hair a tousled mess around her white face and dark lips. I looked down onto the top of her head and she pushed her breasts around my shaft and lengthened her spine, causing my spongy cockhead to disappear into her cleavage, sticky with my pre-ejaculate. 

I didn't know how I was going to stand it, but somehow I did as she caused me to fuck her large titties, until I started to pump my own slim hips into her cleavage desperately, and visions of geysers of jism exploded in my head. I was close to cumming all over her perfect chest, and I wanted to so badly, but then her big doe eyes blinked up at me and she smiled, ducking her head to wrap my bulging cock with her dark lips.

Now I knew for a fact that she had some kind of demonic control over me because I didn't immediately cum into her hot wet mouth, surge after surge of my young ejaculate drowning her in a sea of cum. My balls were filled to the brim with my hot seed and I couldn't orgasm. It was as if I was on the brink of a cliff trying to fall off but I couldn't.

Waves of pleasure took over my body and I began shudder in hideous joy as her lips moved up and down my shaft, her tongue swirling around the ultrasensitive underside of my cockhead. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh!" That was all I could say as I lost control over myself and surrendered to my dark succubus, as she sucked all of my sexual energy from the pulsating rockhard rod of my manhood, lost in the swirling hot depths of her magical mouth. 

Her sharp nails reached up to scratch lightly at my taut belly and pushed me to the ground onto my butt, all while her lips slipped slickly up and down my cock and my mouth emitted groans of ecstasy. She pulled off my boxers, which were still wrapped tightly around my thighs in the midst of her ministrations and finally her dark lips plopped lustily off of my hardness with a sound like a cork popping off a champagne bottle. 

"I think you are ready now." And with lust clouding her eyes and a sneer on her face she pushed me all the way onto my back and guided her thick thighs around my hips. We were naked in the darkness with only our bright eyes to light the way forward and our heightened senses to show us the way.

"I'm going to drain you dry, my boy, and you will cry for more and more, and I will never let you go." She whispered into my ear, her hot breath ticking the ultrafine hairs there, as I plunged my hardness through her dark lips and her velvet tunnel. My groan joined her wail as I pushed myself all the way into her and she felt my throbbing member fill her up completely. Her juices mingled with my precum, lubricating our union completely, and the resultant fluids dripped down my swollen balls.