 LEGAL STUFF 

This story was copyrighted by the author, who retains all rights whatsoever over the publication in any form. It must not be published on any pay-site or used in any publication for profit, without the author's written approval. The file may be reposted to Newsgroups, but must not be changed in any way, must be posted in its entirety and must contain this note "FROM THE AUTHOR" in full. 

GENERAL 

All names are fictitious and do not intentionally relate to any person, either living or dead. All comments and constructive suggestions may be directed to me via the COMMENT tab on my profile. 

NOTE 

I'm doing my books by Universe now because I want to do crossover events in stories. In other words, if you see "this book takes place in the **** universe, then it's in the same world as another story with that tag above it. There will be 3 main universes: 

1. Ardoria Universe 

2. Erotiska Universe 

3. Nightshade 

Universe Stories with "Standalone" at the top take place in their own universe outside of the 3 just mentioned. The Erolandia Universe has been changed to the Ardoria Universe. This story is part of the Ardoria Universe. (It is heavily based off a SWF game from Newgrounds) Enjoy the read. ____________________________________________________________________________ 

"Long ago, the continent of Euphoria was ounce united under the rule of a Dark Mistress. She came and united the scattered tribes to make the 10 kingdoms. She spread darkness and sexuality all throughout the land. But the people were not content with her as a leader. They staged a coup, aligning themselves with a holy power, banishing this Mistress of Darkness to the east side of the continent and using magic to ensure that she would never come back." 

Closing the book, the elegant lady looked down at her body. Curves everywhere, she was the definition of voluptuous, from the arch in her back to her well-endowed chest. Her thighs looked like they could be made from the smoothest clay, giving her the perfect hourglass figure. Her blond hair shined in the light. Her body covered in the finest white silk and gold jewelry. Even her long cock elegantly shined in the light shining through her window. 

She walked out of her room to her balcony. It was a beautiful day as she watched the clouds and islands of land float by in orbit. She sighed as one particular island floated past and the being in it demanded her attention. She looked at her watch. "It's about that time isn't it?" 

Leaving her room, she walked through the corridor to the stairway, her cock swaying with every movement. Her voluptuous body bounced as she walked down the stairs elegantly, enough to stop the maids from doing their work to stare at her. This was a normal occurrence to her as her maids greeted her by dropping to their knees, scantily clad in nothing but a white, silk stockings and a sarong, and a bronze chain bra, lined with the finest rhinestones. To top it off, each maid had a collar with a leash attachment and a nice silk French maid headband. The head maid, as usual, crawled up to her cock, looking hungrily at it. "Please my Goddess, allow this lowly maid to relieve your lovely cock of its morning stress and worship you, your grace?" 

The elegant lady smiled at the head maid's request but only briefly. The head maid was different from the others as her silk white stockings & sarong had an elegant black floral pattern to them and her headband was lined with rhinestones. Her bellybutton was also pierced with a rhinestone. It truly showed she was the most valued piece of property. The Goddess made her suit, herself. "It will have to wait", she said. "Is my guest in the Conservatory?" 

The maid looked displeased that she would not get to worship her lady's cock but quickly rebounded with enthusiasm. "Yes my Goddess, she arrived not too long ago and we have provided her with the necessary "complimentary accommodations" for her stay." 

The elegant lady nodded and smiled, petting her maids head. The head maid purred in response. The Goddess snapped her fingers, the head maid kissed the head of her cock. "Thank you, Goddess, for your kindness." She took a liberty and licked the shaft, savoring the taste, before shifting aside to allow the next maid to kiss the cock. This went on till they all kissed it, afterward, each went back to their individual choirs. The head maid stayed on her knees, giving the elegant Goddess an obedient look. 

The elegant Goddess started walking down the corridor, the head maid crawling on all fours after her. Reaching a door at the end of it, she put her hand on it. A symbol of a cross inside a sun lite up and the door slid open. She then walked through, the maid crawling after her. On the other side of the door, she found herself at the gateway to the island that caught her eye earlier. She opened the gate, her and her maid passing through. She took her time walking down the Strada Stretta or "narrow road", her maid crawling beside her. She watched as the cherry blossoms fluttered by in the wind. She kept walking, passing a rose garden that was normally full. But today, it was empty. It must be because of her guest. She continued walking down the path until she came upon the statue of herself, a water fountain surrounding it. She admired herself in the statue, her vanity getting to her. 

"You truly have beauty to worship, my Goddess", her maid said to her, still on her knees by her side. 

She blushed before regaining her composure. "Let's go", she proclaimed, her maid happily following her. 

She walked up to the Conservatory, the sliding door opening for her instantly and walked inside. She walked down the path, looking at all the rare and exotic plants that made up the ecosystem inside the Conservatory. In essence, the conservatory was a greenhouse. Made up of all glass, it was made to have a tropical climate and allow the Goddess to collect all types of different plants. There was even a hot spring in here. The Goddess passed by the steps to it though. The Conservatory also acted as a meeting chamber. In the back was a table, crafted from the finest materials by magic, fit for the deities to congregate at. But today, she was only here to greet one Deity. She walked in to see two of her maids licking the shaft of her "guest". 

"Your late, Shi-hoe. You always make me wait, but I'm always the only guest you have...EVER!! At least your maids know...hospitality." 

The elegant goddess looked at her guest before her with a bit of an annoyed look. "I took my time, you enjoyed my maids anyway, Hellena", Shiloh retorted back, looking at her own maid. And MY NAME is Shiloh Antonia Orion, the absolute Goddess of Light. And the ONLY reason you're my ONLY guest is that there is only one other goddess, the Goddess of Darkness, YOU, Hellena Razavi Satania, so you'd best get my name remembered in that demonic head of yours", Shiloh said in a huffy voice, clearly annoyed at her guest Hellena. "Now what needs to be discussed and why do you always need to come here for meetings?" 

Hellena smirked. "Why, I come here to bother you Shiloh. You're so cute when you're mad and you have to keep up the good girl goddess act, but secretly, you know that body was made for sin. It's apparent by these "maids" you keep. All of them are former fallen angels that you reformed through "cock therapy" to become submissive pets. The poor girls too, having their dicks removed with magic and made to be submissive sluts to the goddess of light. I will admit though..." Helena paused, petting the head of one maid who was still catering to her cock, "You train them very well." 

There was a glint of lust and admiration in Hellena's eyes as she looked at Shiloh. Shiloh decided to ignore all that had been said, albeit true. She was just a horny wanton slut trying to act well. But she couldn't, the balance of power of all of Ardoria would be thrown out of sync. She had a responsibility to that. Hellena continued, however. 

"Don't you also find it weird how you made a pact with the Head Priestess of Light in Erolandia? You bathed the first one in a bath of 3 hot loads of your milky cum. And then made it that to pass the power down to the next head priestess, they have to grow a dick and take the virginity of the new priestess, while also receiving your milky baptism. My kind of ritual." 

Shiloh winced at Hellena's words. The demon spoke the truth. She was taking out her lust in weird ways on the lower world of Ardoria. She could not allow her lust to run rampant throughout Heaven, or the consequences for the world be severe. But she could let herself go now. She sat on the throne on the other side of the table and spread her legs. The head maid crawled up without a word, beginning the service of her mistresses' cock. 

"You like that one, don't you? Every time we meet, she's always the maid that you bring. I bet you made her a dominatrix over all the other maids." Shiloh's cock twitched in her maid's mouth. Once again, the demon spoke the truth. Between the embarrassment and her cock sliding in and out of her maid's tight little mouth, she was about to cum, the realization that she had yet to release this morning's "blessing" dawning on her. The head maid didn't seem to mind that a dame was about to break and a milky river was going to rapidly flow down her throat canal. She was glad to be on her knees, worshipping her goddess cock...as she should be. 

Her lust rising, Shiloh tried to get a grip again on the situation. "Why...hehhh...are yo...ahh...u...here Hellen...a?" Hellena smirked. That maids head game must be on point if Shiloh can barely get a sentence out, much less contain her lust. Show me your slutty face as you cum down that bitch's throat, Shiloh. 

As if reading Hellena's thoughts, Shiloh bucked, grabbing the maids face and plunging her whole cock down her throat. She thrust wildly into her maid's throat, turning it into a pussy. The veins her cock were rubbing against the walls of the maid's throat, the glans of her cock on fire. 

"Oh...oh...ohhhh...AHHHH SHIT! IM CUMMIN CUMMIIINNNNGGGGG!! 

Shiloh stood up, and with one last buck, flooded her maid's mouth with her seed. Shiloh's face contorted, her eyes rolled in the back of her head as her tongue hanged out. She mindlessly groped one of her breasts with her hands as she slumped back into the throne, the other hand petted the head of her maid, who was surprisingly still swallowing all that cum like a champ. Speaking of the maid, her stomach was clearly expanding and cum was dripping from her mouth and slightly pouring out of her wet cunt and tight little ass. She truly was a cum dumpster. Hellena marveled at the spectacle that just happened before her, her own cock still being catered to by a maid. 

"Are you alright, you look like that felt..."heavenly." Hellena laughed as Shiloh was slowly coming back to her senses. She had finally stopped cumming and the head maid released her cock with a pop, before licking it clean. She kissed the head of Shiloh's cock. "My Goddess, please let me go fetch the cocoa butter to shine your cock up." Shiloh waived her hand and the maid was gone, swaying away with her large stomach full of cum, some of it still coming out of her three holes. 

"Now I'll ask again, why are you here?" 

Hellena grinned. A slutty nymphomaniac she may be, but she took her job seriously. The Goddess of Darkness already got more entertainment then she bargained for. It was time to get serious. 

"You know I don't get involved with the affairs of lower beings Shiloh, but I thought I'd mention this since it involves my daughter and the priestess who you made a pact with. They directly worship you after all." 

Shiloh nodded, the following facts being true. "Continue." 

"Well certainly, you know that my daughter was banished to the eastern side of the continent of Euphoria, which is now called Whoredor, residing directly over the gates of hell where she reigns supreme as its Dark Mistress. You are also aware that this banishment was done because she ruled over the ten kingdoms." 

Shiloh again nodded. "What is your point Hellena?" 

"The spell that held my daughter in place in Whoredor is wearing off, a spell you directly gave the Queen and the Priestess the magical power to use. My question to you is, will you renew that bond or continue to let them believe in blind faith, the people of Erolandia?" 

Shiloh thought for a minute before giving her answer. "I won't renew it. They used that magic to create such a stuffy kingdom..." 

"Aside from the head priestess ritual?" Hellena smirked. 

"Aside from that, nothing fun came of it. Also, I feel that this is part of the prophecy." 

"Prophecy?" 

Hellena had never heard of such a thing before. How was her daughter part of the prophecy? She contemplated this, looking down at the maid still giving her sloppy toppy. She decided to give the maid a drink of some milk and pushed the maid's face down onto her cock and came ballistically. The maid then licked her clean and asked if she wanted anything else. A new glass of wine was poured and the maid left, also with a full meal of cum in her. Hellena felt like she did her one good deed for the day. But back to the issue at hand. 

Hellena watched as the head maid came back with the cocoa butter. She placed it on the table and then got back on her knees facing Shiloh. Her stomach was looking normal again and Hellena was wondering how so much cum was digested so quickly. Shiloh carried on anyway. 

"My head maid, Gabriella, is a scribe. She will tell you the prophecy." Scribes were beings who were cursed to always tell the truth...if it was asked of them. And it was not uncommon for an angel to be one. So the question here is what caused this angel to fall, both from angelic providence to being this nymphos head sex maid. But what came next surprised me. 

"Thank you, my goddess, for blessing my pussy with your divine cock. Please, bless my wet pussy with your white blessing. Teach my wet cunt the ways of the light", I heard the maid say, straddling Shiloh's cock. With her little prayer (?) to Shiloh over, she impaled herself all the way on Shiloh's dick, her eyes rolling back and turning blue with a growing aura on them. 

"Gabriella here can only use her scribe powers under heavy stimulation, which is why I had to fill her cunt with my cock." Shiloh winked at me, my own cock twitching. "Go on Gabriella, tell us the prophecy." 

In a voice that wasn't like the one I just heard out of her, Gabriella started to talk, with Shiloh occasionally thrusting into her cunt, using Gabriella's hips for leverage. 

"A great evil that once ruled the land below shall ounce again come back to rule. But this great evil shall turn into a great good. And the light shall fall into the shadows. The dark reign will be upon you, for you have forgotten the past, so the past will repeat." 

Gabriella's eyes went back to their normal color and she started moaning lustfully, seemingly ready to receive Shiloh's second load of the day in her cunt this time. Hellena got up as Shiloh violated her maid's guts, replaying the prophecy in my head. Hellena's daughter, Melizza, was up to something. And the Goddess of Light wasn't going to answer her faithful follower's prayers simply to see if a prophecy would play out. Hellena needed the other side of the story. She opened a portal and stepped through, leaving Shiloh behind to have fun with her maid, her reason for coming over with. She stepped into her throne room in hell to be greeted by her granddaughter, Ava. Just what Hellena wanted, a direct source? 

"Welcome back Dark One", Ava said with a bow. It made Hellena laugh. 

"You don't need to be so formal with me, I'm your grandmother." 

"Looking good for a grandma." Ava's jokes always lightened a mood, as Hellena prepared to ask her question. 

"Is my daughter...your mom...up to something? Like, say, country invading?" Hellena looked curiously at Ava who gave the question serious thought. 

"No, at least she hasn't formally announced such plans yet. But I feel she will soon and she should." 

"Why do you feel that way?" Hellena honestly wanted to know. Ava was a smart girl, but you don't go to war without reasons. 

"For starters, Mom can get her revenge for all those years ago. Also, Whoredor has run dry on pussy." She took a pause. "Human pussy." 

That was all that really needed to be said, for most creatures, human pussy was a delicacy hard to come by. Back in primitive times, the race was almost hunted to extinction because of it. If that was the reason, who was she to stop it, she did not meddle in human affairs. After today, heaven interests her more...