 Joshua huddled in the corner of the car as the other shifters talked about what they would do once they were home. He was glad they had given up their efforts to converse with him as he wanted to be alone with his thoughts. 

The journey to Colorado Springs had taken up most of his energy and his time with Passion in the forest had disturbed his peace of mind. He was no longer a virgin, the she-wolf had seen to that, and he sent her a resentful glance for corrupting him. 

No, that wasn't fair of him. Passion had only been doing her job 'rescuing' him from his mother's warped world. 

The sex part, well that had been spectacular and he knew that the only reason why he was sulking was because once they had met with her fellow warriors, she had given him the cold shoulder. 

He had sought her out when everyone had fallen asleep but she rebuffed his advances, making it perfectly clear that nothing would happen between them again. 

She was his only anchor in the whirlwind that was his life, the only person he felt remotely safe with. Now she wanted nothing to do with him.

...

Joshua sighed looking morosely out of the window and Passion wondered if he regretted coming back with her, whether he missed his home. 

When he looked at her she saw barely concealed desire and she knew that the reason for his current mood was her. Passion ignored him, returning to the conversation with the others but remembering clearly what had taken place the night before. 

She had been burning to jump Joshua's bones since they had escaped and had awaited the night eagerly when they made it to the rendezvous point. 

The other wolves had been surprised when they had seen Passion stumble through the thickets bruised and tired but with the new Alpha in tow. Everyone had applauded her success except for Brent and she soon found out why.

"You reek of him." He had snarled pulling her into the bushes away from the others. 

He had anger in his eyes and his grip had tensed when she laughed in his face.

"It was so good Brent, an itch that you could never scratch." 

Brent had made to slap her but she had dodged his open palm, twisting his arm behind his back. 

"You really think an Omega can ever be with an Alpha, you will always be the shit beneath our paws." He pulled away from her angrily and stormed back to camp. 

Passion hadn't wanted to listen to him and she told herself repeatedly that sex and mating were two different things. Yet when Joshua came to her that night she had turned away from him, Brent's words quelling her desire. 

Now he was giving her and everyone else the silent treatment, although he had every reason to. According to Joshua he had only left the village once. 

She smiled at the way he was awed by every little thing. From the tall glass buildings to the cyclist on the road and when they left the car to board the plane, his eyes practically bugged out of his head. 

"Passion." He whispered, his earlier anger dissipating into fear. "I'm not so sure about this." 

"Its fine Joshua I'll be right here." She said, placing her hand on his arm in reassurance.

"Prissy runt scared of planes." Brent mumbled, knowing very well that their keen hearing could pick out even the barest of whispers. Joshua blushed, his cheeks turning rouge and the tip of his ears red.

Passion led the way into the cabin and made sure that Joshua was strapped in tightly, taking a seat beside him. Instantly he took hold of her hand, linking his fingers with hers. Pushing the bangs out of his eyes he looked around the plane with curiosity. 

"You really don't know what these things are do you?" Passion asked, her words laced with sympathy. 

Joshua squeezed her hand, a lopsided smile spreading across his face. Passion didn't know what to read in his smile and wondered what he was thinking. He looked around the compartment taking note of what the others were doing then he lowered his head and kissed her. 

Passion moaned instantly only just realising how much she relished his touch, but just as quickly as the kiss had come it ended with Joshua pulling back quickly. 

"That should tide me over." He winked as the plane took off.

...

During the plane ride back to Oak Falls, Claw had informed Passion that they had had to cremate Zachariah's body. 

Tradition dictated that within three days of death, a wolfs body had to return to the earth. It saddened Passion that Joshua would not have the chance to see his father's body but he had taken it surprisingly well. 

"I've lived most life having never seen him, I don't think I'm missing out on much." He had said. 

Now they were back in Oak Falls and Joshua missing out on seeing his father was the least of her worries. 

Passion groaned in embarrassment as Joshua physically lifted her up and placed her firmly at his side. 

They had arrived in Oak Falls two hours ago and in that time the whole shifter community had arrived with banners and party horns with baked goods in abundance. 

Where was he supposed to put all the cookies and pies, in his pockets? Passion frowned as another shifter sneered, their eyes firmly rooted at where Joshua had his hand on her hip. Smiling helplessly Passion edged away making quick introductions so that she could dump him off at Oaken house and be on her surly way.

"Joshua, I remember when you were a little boy, so good to see you." Said Lena Cartwright, an elderly wolf with cataracts in her left eye. 

Joshua smiled politely and shook her hand wincing when she bowed her head and rested her forehead on his knuckles.

"Always a pleasure." Purred Tina, the local siren whose closet comprised of tight red dresses, leather jeans and halter tops that halted nothing. 

Passion got a whiff of pheromones and knew that Tina was in heat, slyly Passion watched Joshua to see if he noticed anything. His eyes darkened and he leant towards Tina, before pulling back sharply his eyes quickly clearing. 

Wow, Passion had never seen anything like that. Most males would be salivating over Tina and when she was on estrus all unmated wolves would be baying at her feet, mangling each other to gain her affections. It took great discipline to ignore estrus. Joshua extracted his hand from Tina's death grip her red nails leaving deep marks on his skin.

"And the couple over there are your aunt and uncle." Passion said, escorting him or vice versa to the awaiting shifters. 

Claw could be intimidating at times and damn right scary at most and today was no exception. He and Joshua stood at the same height, where Claw had cut his hair closely to his scalp Joshua's was long, where Claw was overly built Joshua was lithe yet muscular and the most obvious of differences were their eyes.

"You are definitely Zachariah's son." Claw said pulling Joshua into a tight hug and for the first time Passion saw Claw's eyes shine with unshed tears. 

Marley, Claw's wife, also pulled Joshua into a warm embrace. It was quite a feat since Marley was an inch shorter than Passion's five foot three. But the small woman was able to pull him down with a quick affectionate kiss to his cheek. 

"Come come lets get you settled in the house." Marley's chimed, moving with such energy Passion felt this overwhelming urge to pounce on her. 

"I wanted to see more of Oak Falls first." Joshua said snaking his arm over Passion's shoulders, tugging her in front of him. "Passion said she'll show me around." 

Claw gave a soft growl before nodding his head, his jaw clenching with restrained annoyance. Passion gave an apologetic shrug as Joshua turned her around and walked around the dissipating group of shifters, nodding absently as Marley told him dinner was at six. 

"I'm so happy to be out of there." Joshua said breathing for the first time since he was introduced to the Oak River pack. 

He wasn't used to crowds and had never been given the amount of attention he had just received amongst his new pack. New pack, the words rang in his head with such clarity he froze, almost pulling Passion's arm out of its socket.

"Feel free to give some warning." She said testily, rubbing at her shoulder. 

"I am free aren't I? I mean my mother can't get me here right?" He asked looking down on the small she-wolf who had saved him. 

He mimicked the smile she gave him as she patted him on the arm with reassurance.

"I won't allow it...I mean the pack won't allow it." Passion said in a vain attempt to cover up her blunder, too late.

"You said I." Joshua laughed, cupping her cheeks and lifting her face to his.

"We are in the middle of the street." Passion hissed, tugging herself from his warm comforting hands. "Anyway I promised I'd show you the rest of the town so come on." 

Joshua allowed Passion to lead him through Oak Falls showing him the local hardware store and the butchers whose scent called out aggressively to Joshua, reminding him that he hadn't eaten since they left Colorado. 

"And then we have the supermarket where we can get all sorts of goodies." Passion said, taking a hand basket from the stack. Joshua took it from her hands, it was the gentlemanly thing to do. 

"Even Oreos?" Joshua asked, his eyes gleaming with excitement. Passion placed her hand to her heart with mock shock.

"You love Oreos too?" She asked hurrying them to the biscuit aisle, throwing ten packets into the basket. 

"They were the only thing from the outside world mother allowed." Joshua sighed fingering the package with barely restrained hunger. Passion laughed, making her rounds quickly then paying for the produce. 

"I owe you." Joshua said as she handed him a packet from the box. 

Passion just smiled, as if the Alpha had a reason to repay anyone let alone an Omega. 

As soon as they left the store a mixture of young males and females walked past them watching Joshua with curiosity. 

"Hi Passion." One of the girls called, the rest of her friends waiting a little ahead. 

Her arms were loaded with books. Shifting the bags of shopping to his wrists Joshua took hold of them. 

"Um thanks." Cassie laughed nervously.

"Hi Cassie what's up?" Passion asked, nudging Joshua in the ribs to warn him that his behaviour was strange. 

Cassie was a student in her English class and helped Martha in the garden whenever she needed a little extra cash. Gardening had never been Passion's thing, she preferred hunting with her father than sitting for hours while wasps used her as a pin cushion. 

"I can't believe you weren't in this week, Mrs. Dixon is the most boring teacher in the universe, reading Shakespeare is more entertaining than hearing her speak. 

Anyway since today was our last day can you tell Martha I'll be over tomorrow, she said I could pick any flower I wanted for my corsage." Cassie said, her eyes glazing as thoughts of the upcoming prom evidently passed through her mind. 

Passion smiled not really understanding the importance or need of a corsage or a prom. She hadn't attended hers and she had turned out fine. 

"Sure." Passion said, noticing Joshua's interest in Cassie. 

Passion wondered why he was staring at 

Cassie so intently, was he into humans all of a sudden. Passion quelled the surge of jealously that threatened to make her shift and attack the girl. 

"I'm so excited it's only a week away but it feels like years away..."

"That's lovely but I have to run." Passion said, brutally interrupting Cassie.

"Oh, hey you're new." Her attention turning away from Passion to the handsome stranger. 

Passion wrinkled her nose and began to walk away. Joshua just smiled shyly and handed Cassie back her books, rushing to catch up with Passion.

"You like her." Passion said, wincing as she heard the censure in her voice.

"Jealous?" Joshua asked with a smirk. 

Passion growled, pressing the button used to unlock her truck from a distance. With barely concealed glee she watched as Joshua gulped, his eyes widening when she opened the door.

"She's human. I've never been in close proximity with humans before." His voice trembled as he tried to still his nerves. 

Passion felt like a tool, here she was getting all uppity over his blatant curiosity over a mere human, of course he was intrigued, probably scared. Passion held his hand over the gear shift squealing as he pulled her onto his lap.

"Can I have a kiss now?" He asked.

"Do I have a choice?" 

"No." He murmured, kissing her softly. 

His tongue slipped through the seam of her lips, revelling in the sweet taste of her. Passion moaned her hands grasping the fabric of his shirt, climbing firmly on top of his lap and losing herself in his sweet caress. 

Passion pulled away slightly, nibbling on the fullness of his bottom lip. She rubbed against his thigh her panties growing wet with each move. 

Joshua slipped his hand under her t-shirt growling as he felt the barrier of her bra. His nail lengthened into a claw and with a quick swipe he tore the material his fingers tweaking her hardened nipples. 

Using his other hand he pulled her tightly against him so that her sex connected with his, his arousal straining against the tight denim in attempt to burrow its way into her silken opening. 

"Oh." Passion squeaked as Joshua ducked his head, capturing her dark areole in his mouth, his palm worming its way down her pants. 

He had never touched a woman like this, hadn't had the chance to explore Passion in the way he had wanted and he realised that the inside of her truck was no better. Fortunately an old man thought so too, his hard rap on the window thundered through the sex filled air. 

"Oh my lord." Passion hissed, apologising profusely as she reversed from the car park. 

"Thank god he was human or I would be labelled Omega, oh wait I already am Omega." Passion laughed nervously, narrowly missing an oncoming car. 

Joshua laughed happy that she was just as shaken as he was. He knew that as Alpha he could get away with murder but she on the other hand would endure public shaming beyond anything she had ever experienced. 

...

The Oaken house loomed ahead and Joshua had to admit it was the most beautiful building he had ever seen. His mother's home was beautiful but there was always this constant feel of foreboding that settled in the pit of Joshua's stomach. 

This house appeared warm and when they walked up the path he could feel the love like tendrils wrapping around him as if to soothe his fears. 

"Well I guess this is it, I'll be seeing you." Passion said walking back down the path, she heard him before she felt him grab her arm and turn her back towards the house.

"Your job is not done yet." He whispered in to her ear sending waves of desire through her body. 

The need to straddle him here and now was overpowering, it was only the sound of the front door opening that calmed her long enough to walk away from him and into the arms of Spectre. 

Joshua smiled as the two women hugged, laughing and giggling into the house. From the scent of the blonde young woman ushering them inside he knew that she was a relative most probably his cousin. 

"Hi I'm Spectre, the foreboding guy you met earlier is my father and the macho mommy's boy who went to get you is my brother Brent." She said hugging Joshua fiercely. "Welcome home cousin." 

Spectre beamed and instantly Joshua felt no animosity from her, she was kind and warm.

The aroma of a roast dinner wafted from the dining room and once again Joshua's stomach growled with hunger.

"Joshua you came." Marley smiled kissing him twice on his cheek. 

Noticing Passion she did the same but without actual lip to skin contact. Passion pretended not to notice but she did and it stung. She knew that she didn't belong in the same world as the other shifters, solitude and solace were her friends. Passion began to edge for the door but Marley called everyone to the table and Joshua once again dragged her with him. 

Joshua was ushered to the seat that was head of the table, hunching his shoulders as he became uncomfortable. It was a trait that Passion had quickly picked up on. 

Marley and Claw flanked him, she noticed that Brent wasn't coming and sighed with relief and chose to sit beside Spectre. Dinner was an uncomfortable affair with Spectre filling up most of the gaps with things that she had done while at college. 

"So Joshua you didn't leave a mate behind did you?" Spectre asked. 

Joshua spluttered choking on the small piece of beef clogged in his throat, grabbing hold of a glass of water he washed down the offending piece of food.

"No, I was going to be part of this month's full moon mating." Joshua said.

"Wow, still not mated." Spectre said, hissing as Passion kicked her under the table.

"That doesn't have to change, as Alpha of Stillwater you must be mated during this full moon, you must lead the others." Claw said. "And I know a few..."

"I'm going to have to stop you there uncle." Joshua said cutting Claw off. "My plan hasn't changed, but I will choose my mate." He said vehemently.

"Of course dear." Marley said, quickly dispersing the tension. 

Passion wondered who Joshua would choose and for an insane moment imagined it was her. What would it be like to be mated to an Alpha, mated to someone like Joshua?

"Thank you for the meal aunt Marley." Joshua said when Marley and Spectre began clearing the coffee cups and dessert plates. Following Passion's lead he stood up and made his way to the door. 

"Where are you going Joshua?" Claw asked following the pair to the foyer.

"With Passion." Joshua said surprised when everyone gasped with shock. 

Passion backed away slowly her hand reaching the door knob. Joshua was taking things too far, it was enough that he had her show him around town then join him for dinner, but this was too much.

"That isn't a good idea, didn't you have any Omega's in Stillwater." Marley said getting close to an apoplexy.

"Yes but none of the women were Omega's. No woman can do anything bad enough to be Omega." He stated, shocking the group once more. 

Passion listened with intent pondering on the sanity of flying to Stillwater and integrating herself with the matriarchal clan.

"I choose to stay with Passion and as Alpha I think that right is mine." Joshua said hugging his relatives and thanking Marley again for the dinner. 

Passion waved weakly at Spectre as Joshua led her back to the truck his brow furrowed with determination.

...

"Why didn't you tell me the Alpha was coming?" Martha hissed, hastily airing the guest 

bedroom. 

Martha Moore was a star host and intended on retaining her well earned status, the fact that her daughter hadn't given her time to buy mints to put on the pillows was enough to be dethroned. 

Passion hung back knowing that this was her mother's domain. She decided to join her father and Joshua in the kitchen where she had left them drinking beer. 

Passion paused on the penultimate step, wondering how she had been cursed with this socially awkward, sexy as hell Alpha. None of the shifters would believe her worthy of the Alpha's company, she didn't even think she was worthy. 

"Your father was a fine man, you are the spitting image of him in his good days." Clifton said taking a swig of beer from the ice cold bottle. 

"What happened to him?" Joshua asked softly and Passion heard curiosity and sadness in his voice.

She slipped into the kitchen quietly, marvelling at the amount of bottles strewn over the kitchen table. Sitting beside her father she cracked open a bottle of Budweiser, collecting the bottle tops into a tower.

"Once you mate it's for life, I guess that's what we share with our wolf brothers. When Naomi ran off with you, he just began to die I think he held on just in case Naomi came back." Clifton said clearing his throat as it clogged with emotion, Zachariah Oaken would be truly missed. 
