 Passion sat beside Joshua at the lake. The late summer sun was setting, casting a splash of gold and purple against the sky. Its reflection shimmered on the surface of the water as it descended. 

Her fingers itched to touch the strands of blond hair fanned out on the grass where Joshua lay but she restrained herself, her knee shaking with the force of not touching some part of him. 

"Spectre told me the two of you went shopping today." Joshua said, luminous blue eyes piercing hers and breaking her from her reverie. 

For a moment Passion was at a loss, what the hell was he talking about? Shopping, oh god, Passion moaned with exaggerated distress, flopping beside him her head almost touching his. 

"It was terrible, your cousin has a real knack for torture." She said remembering the day with a painful shudder. 

"Shopping isn't your thing?" Joshua asked his voice laced with humour. 

"I hate shopping for groceries, but I hate shopping for clothes even more, especially dresses." 

"Dresses?" Joshua asked turning towards her, his breath fanning her cheek. 

"Yep, I have to supervise the summer prom and I needed a dress. Apparently jeans and a t-shirt are an abomination." She sighed grateful when Joshua moved away from her. 

She wasn't comfortable with this kind of intimacy it brought back memories she preferred to keep hidden.

"I see, I remember my prom. Worse night of my life." He said picking at the clovers scattered all over the ground. 

Passion didn't miss the sadness in his voice but didn't want him to elaborate, the less she knew about him the better.

"My mother never wanted any woman near me, she enforced that law more so on the day of the prom. Her own guards stopped anyone who wanted dance with me." 

Joshua fingers found their way to her braids and he began to play with them. 

The feel of her hair soothed him, reminding him that he wasn't in that place anymore, a place where any woman who spoke to him without a chaperone could face death. 

Passion didn't know what to say to that but felt his pain and allowed to him to keep his hands in her hair, even though every cell in her body screamed for her to jerk away and make him realise that this familiarity was wrong.

"Its green." She whispered into the night air.

Crickets had begun to play their song as fireflies hopped lazily as if in time with the soothing clicking. 

The change of topic threw Joshua before he smiled, she was breaking him out of his dour mood and for that he was grateful. Then his smile widened and widened before he burst out laughing. 

"What's so funny?" Passion demanded trying to sit up but anchored to him because he still had his hands in her hair. 

"Nothing. Is it nice?" He asked, trying his hardest to mask his laughter behind a cough. 

One look at the indignation on Passion's face made him loose control and his shoulders shuddered.

"It's a dress and its green, what do you think?" She hissed. 

Joshua laughed even harder as she struggled against him, on impulse he leant forward and kissed her. 

Passion's eyes widened momentarily before they drifted shut, her mouth opening to accommodate his evasive tongue. His breath filled her and she sucked it in eagerly, wanting more of him but knowing that this was as all they could have. Finally she pulled away putting space between them as her chest heaved for oxygen. 

Joshua knew that Passion pulling away was for the best but that didn't stop the rejection from hurting. Getting to his feet he walked in small circles watching Passion's eyes as they followed his movements. 

Her hand trembled as she ran it along her throat and he found some pleasure in seeing that she was just as shaken as he. 

"I have to go." He said turning to the house.

Passion jumped up, her heart racing at his abrupt behaviour. Had she really hurt him, though her intentions had been the complete opposite.

"Where are you going?" She asked catching up with him. 

They rounded the side of the house and in the driveway was an electric blue sports car. Passion instantly knew who it belonged to.

"Brent, you're going with Brent." She hissed tugging at his arm. 

Joshua extracted her grip, waving at Brent as he exited his car. Passion couldn't believe what was happening. Joshua was so innocent, he would be easy prey for someone like Brent. She couldn't let this happen.

"Where are you going?" She asked, her question directed at Brent but her eyes locked on ones of blue. 

"Lulu's." Brent said his eyes twinkling with mischief. Passion pressed her fingers to the bridge of her nose feeling a migraine forming. 

"I'll come with you then." She said walking towards the convertible. 

She knew that if she left Brent in charge of Joshua things would get messy. She didn't flatter herself by thinking it had anything to do with his feeling for her. Brent was a petulant man-child and once something he thought belonged to him was taken from him he fought to the death to regain it. 

"No." Joshua said pulling her back. His action startled Passion from her thoughts. His grip was firm as he looked down at her and suddenly she felt very small.

"My cousin and I are going out, I don't need you at my heels." He said calmly but with malicious intent. 

Passion reeled back as if slapped by his words. She was no one's dog and if he wanted to treat her as such then he could go fuck himself. Without a backward glance she went back into the house.

Joshua watched her retreating back and fought the urge to call her. His words had been callous and unnecessary but he learnt a long time ago that words couldn't be taken back.

"Let's go." Brent called. 

Joshua took one last glance at the house before entering the car.

---

Lulu's Cove was something he had never experienced before but he had to say that he quite enjoyed the busy ambience of the bar, including the scent of alcohol and body odour. 

Brent had informed him that Lulu's was also a café but the seating area was shut at night. Big, burly, hairy men stood in clusters around pool tables drinking large pints of beer. They looked like a mean bunch and Joshua was certain he didn't want to be involved with them. He may be a shifter but he wasn't superman. 

Brent introduced him to two of his closest friends, a brown haired man called Lucas Dillon and Shawn Hewitt whose hair was a few shades darker than blonde. 

Neither greeted him in the customary way and instead just grunted unintelligible words before scouting the bar, they eyes stopping ever so often on attractive women. This didn't bother Joshua in the least he'd rather he wasn't noticed than have people overindulge him with protocol. 

"I'll get the drinks in." Brent said as Joshua sat down, his fingers tapping to the sound of the music. 

Brent returned quickly with a tray laden with a variety of spirits, he cleared the table and placed it down in front of Joshua. Joshua looked up at him questionably.

"You want to become one of the guys right?" Brent asked pushing forward a shot glass of something brown. 

Joshua looked at the other men at the table and knew they were sizing him up, quickly he looked down missing the calculating glances they sent each other. 

Taking it in his hand he held it to the dim light. When nothing shone through the opaque liquid he threw it down his throat. It burned and brought tears to his eyes but he had to admit it tasted delicious. 

"Anyone want to join me?" He asked feeling a sudden giddiness overtake him. 

"Drink brother, drink." Brent said clinking his glass against his comrades.

---

Passion sat besides her mother channel hopping until she came full circle, with aggravation she flung the remote into the opposite couch. 

She pulled her legs beneath her and took hold of a magazine her eyes glancing over the squiggle of words and the mundane pictures. 

Martha watched as her daughter flipping angrily through the pages and instantly knew what the problem was. Joshua. 

When Brent had shown up at the house she had wondered if he had been here for Passion. He had called round many times in which she had hastily told him to leave, saying that Passion wasn't in, even when she was. 

Now he had taken the Alpha to god knew where, which had obviously unsettled Passion. She wasn't the type of woman who allowed herself to be shaken, even when faced with adversity. 

"I'm going to bed." Passion said.

"What about Joshua?" Martha asked. 

Passion would not just leave to sleep knowing Joshua was in the hands of his cousin. Passion shrugged with indifference but her eyes couldn't belie what she was really feeling. 

"Go get him." Martha said smiling at the shock on Passion's face, but Passion was a fighter who wouldn't allow anyone to be taken advantage of.

Passion grumbled something before grabbing the keys to her pickup, her mother knew her too well and she was silently grateful for her support. 

Joshua had been a complete prick but he didn't deserve whatever was in store for him and knowing Brent what he had planned could be devastating.

The drive to Lulu's seemed to take forever even though the streets were empty. Passion couldn't shake the feeling of dread that had settled at the back of neck. 

The bright light of Lulu's beckoned her like a beacon in the night, the next signal was the noise. Lulu's was always loud but there was no mistaking that something was going down and she had a feeling she knew what.

Passion quickly swerved into an empty bay, braking in an awkward position but not caring. She jerked open the door and slammed it behind her, running towards the entrance. 

A blast of heat and abusive yelling hit her with so much force she almost toppled over. Shrieks filled the air as the sound of fists pounding on flesh bounced off the walls. Pushing through the crowd she caught sight of Brent and his cronies, their arms crossed firmly against their chests with looks of triumph. She rushed towards them, her anger building as they laughed.

"What's going on?" She yelled over the noise. 

At first she didn't think Brent was going to answer, the anger in his eyes singed her but she refused to bend.

"None of you business Omega." Shawn hissed. Her fist clenched tightly as she forced herself to calm down. 

Luckily as battle pack leader she had the authority to beat him but that would get her nowhere, she looked around the bar searching for a sign of Joshua when she heard a glass bottle break.

"Stop it, just stop it." Passion located a petite blonde who was pulling at the thick arm of a biker. With a detachment she hadn't felt since her family's death Passion walked through the circle of on lookers who cheered and jeered.

Wavering on his feet was a very bloody and bruised Joshua. Broken glass shimmered in his hair that was now matted red. Through swollen eyes he looked down at his feet as another biker punched him in the gut, he doubled over but never fell. He was looking as pathetic as the first day she met him. His shoulders hunched, his eyes averted in a sign of his submission. 

Passion wanted to go and help him but something held her back, who was she to interfere? No one had ever stood up for her when she had been bullied repeatedly in school and during her early years of adulthood. 

She had been forced to learn how to stand up for herself and that had taken years of hardened discipline. Maybe this beating would harden Joshua enough to destroy his naïve view of the world.

Just as she was about to turn and leave a flash of silver caught her eye and her blood ran cold. Someone at Joshua's back was holding a knife and by the look of things he was intent on stabbing him. 

Cowardice was one thing Passion couldn't stand. Circling the crowd she spotted the attacker moving closer, an evil smirk on his lips. 

"I wouldn't if I were you." She hissed as she reached him. 

The man was a foot taller than her but that wasn't a deterrent, she had fought bigger and badder assailants. 

The biker turned, his look changing instantly into one of lust. Just as he was about to put his knife back into his coat she caught his wrist and applied enough pressure to snap it. Before he could jerk back, she grabbed him by the collar and brought his face down to hers so that he could hear each word clearly.

"Call them off or I'll break something more precious next time." She hissed baring her canines. 

He gulped, instantly understanding who and what she was. He too was a shifter, of the Ursidae clan. 

"We meant no harm wolf." He said then looked back at Joshua, wincing as he was backhanded. "Who is he?" he asked.

"The Alpha." 

Passion laughed as the colour drained from his face at her words. He rushed forward placing himself between Joshua and his attackers. 

Saying something in Russian the gang looked towards Passion then at Joshua before rushing out of Lulu's so fast they left a vapour trail. 

The small blonde ran to Joshua, her small hands caressing his body obviously looking for the worst of his injuries that. However that did not register in Passion's brain as jealousy tore through her and with the jealousy came anger.

Marching towards the two of them Passion grabbed hold of Joshua's badly damaged arm, finding perverse pleasure when he hissed in pain.

"You're hurting him!" The little woman screamed clawing at Passion hands. 

Passion hissed as one of her nails imbedded her skin. Pulling back she made to slap the girl but her hands were caught in hot damp ones, looking up she saw Joshua's jaw tense in anger. 

Passion didn't appreciate his glare, or his strong grip. Wrenching her hand away Passion walked to the door, her shoulder under Joshua's armpit.

"Who are you anyway?" Passion asked taking the brunt of Joshua's weight as they left Lulu's, the petite refusing to leave Joshua solely in her care.

"Bebe, my mother was a sadist." She informed as Passion chocked back a laugh. 

"What happened?" 

Bebe noticed that the mysterious woman didn't give her name but she didn't care. Bebe just wanted to know if the guy was going to be ok, he hadn't deserved any of this.

"His three friends told me to come onto him, and I did willingly but he refused me... his rejection hurt so I complained to my brothers." Bebe said hating her own actions as she saw the pain in Joshua's swollen eye. 

It had always been like her to think about herself but this time she had gone too far. Her brothers were overly protective of her and they would kill any man who made her feel even marginally uncomfortable. 

"I am so sorry." She whispered wiping the tears that escaped down her cheeks.

"So you should be, you could have gotten the Alpha of Oak River killed." Passion growled, juggling the keys in her hand as she tried to use remote locking while holding Joshua up.

"Please let me help." Bebe took the keys from Passion's hand and pressed the button. 

She opened the back door so that they could both put Joshua inside with the smallest amount of movement.

"Goodbye." Passion murmured, walking to the other side of the pickup. 

The small imp followed her, further igniting Passion's anger. Whipping around she grabbed Bebe's throat and slammed her against the pickup. Bebe's blue eyes widened in shock as Passion's grip tightened.

"I said goodbye." Passion said flinging Bebe away.

Bebe stumbled in the dirt and fell hard onto the ground. Squashing any guilt Passion climbed into the van and drove away without a backwards glance.

---

Joshua squinted as sunlight filtered through the window revealing glistening particles in the air, like small dancers bringing in the morning. He ached all over and could barely see out of his right eye. 

He couldn't remember all of yesterday but he did remember the brutal attack the three grizzlies had inflicted on him. Placing a hand to his head he paced his breathing in an attempt to regain his equilibrium, and then slid out of the bed hissing when his hip knocked into the bedside table.

"What are you doing? Passion asked carrying a tray laden with toast, soup and a mug of tea. 

The image of her presenting him with food was almost comical and she appeared to feel the same way, since she walked hesitantly towards his desk placing the tray down.

"Sit down you haven't healed yet, you may not be human but that doesn't mean you're invincible." 

She snapped as he continued to stare at her. Passion walked determinedly towards him and placed her palms firmly on his chest. 

She pushed him down on to the bed, wincing when he moaned in pain. Quickly she brought the tray to him pulling a chair with her. After sitting down she took a spoonful of soup and held it up to his lips. 

Joshua smiled before opening his mouth. It hurt to do so as his jaw was still bruised but he welcomed the hot liquid as it soothed him. For a few minutes they sat contently in silence as she fed him. 

He watched her as she concentrated on cooling the soup with her breath, suddenly his pants felt too tight as he imagined her doing that to his cock. Her eyelashes fanned her dark cheeks and he waited with barely controlled patience for her to look up at him again and flash those amber eyes. 

"Yesterday..." 

"Never mind, its Brent's fault he did it on purpose." Passion said breaking of a piece of bread and buttering it. 

She held it out for him but instead of taking it from her hands he leant forward and took it with his mouth, his lips grazing her fingers. Passion pulled back as if burnt, scowling when Joshua chuckled. 

"I know. I just hope Bebe is ok." Joshua said. 

Passion flinched, it had started, Joshua was attracted to someone else. Although it should have made her happy to know he was no longer pining for her she couldn't shake the feeling of sadness that enveloped her.

"It was her fault." 

"No she was just a woman scorned." Joshua laughed taking the rest of the bread from her, missing the look of longing on Passions face.

Joshua ripped into the soft loaf wondering if the small fox would be okay. He knew she had told her brothers about his rejection, but that didn't mean he couldn't be worried for her. 

Joshua sighed when Passion left the room. If she hadn't come looking for him he was sure he would have been dead. Male wolves in his mother's clan weren't allowed to fight, he believed that if the men were trained there would anarchy. 

No one wanted to be treated as a second class citizen man or woman, yet his mother made laws that degraded the males to the point where they were emasculated. Passion had bailed him out but next time he might not be so lucky. Hopefully she would teach him a few things to prove to the others that he had what it took to be an Alpha.

---

Passion stood in the line at the convenience store her arms laden with all types of treats, mostly oreos as she knew Joshua loved them and would help him with his recovery. 

At the back of her mind she knew the main reason why she was buying his favourite biscuits was because it would bring a smile to his face and she so wanted to see his dimples again.

"I'm surprised you haven't got diabetes yet." Mark, a student in her class, laughed. 

Passion smiled at the long running joke of theirs as she paid for the food. When she carried the bags out of the store, something caught her eye and she turned to see Joshua and Bebe. 

They were talking animatedly by the fountain. He ducked his head and said something in her ear that must have been hilarious as Bebe clutched hold of his arm and burst out in laughter.

"Sickening isn't it." Passion noticed Tina leaning against the wall, a half smoked cigarette in her hand. Passion couldn't agree more. 

"But I don't think our king is that interested, look at the way he keeps scouting the area as if looking for someone." Passion was shocked by Tina's analysis and was surprised that the skank was so insightful.
