 Note to readers: enjoy!!!

-------------------------------------

"Ok now don't laugh." Passion said entering Joshua's bedroom. 

The dress hugged her body tightly, flaring at the hip. The neckline was low but not too low, showing a modest amount of cleavage. The corner of his lip twitched as he fought a laugh, the dress was beautiful a deep green that skimmed above her knees. 

"It's beautiful." Jason said coming towards her with lethal intent. 

Passion backed away slowly, a smile tugging at her lips as he scooped her up in his arms. 

"But what's underneath is more beautiful." He murmured into her hair kissing her softly on her temple. 

Passion didn't know how to respond to that, he was holding her with such tenderness and his words dented the steel armour encasing her heart. 

"Don't we have dinner at the Tsarev house tonight?" Passion asked resting her forearms on Joshua's shoulders, tilting her face up for his kiss. 

His tongue brushed hers in erotic sweeps, running along the roof of her mouth. His hand gripped her hips and he pulled her further against his chest. Passion chuckled as their height difference was magnified. Her head barely reached his chest and his erection bumped against her stomach. 

Joshua picked her up effortlessly, her legs wrapping around his hips anchoring herself firmly to him. Her eyes blazed with desire that he had aroused and it made him feel glad, smug even, that around him Passion felt free. 

"Dinner is at seven." Joshua said against her neck inhaling her scent as he walked her to the bed. 

Setting her upon the mattress he began his 

devilish ministrations, nipping at the crest of her breast his hands sliding up the skirt of her dress.

"It's quarter too." Passion said, smiling when his eyes widened with shock just before they fell heavy.

"I'm the Alpha its fashionable to be late." Joshua stated continuing his hands ascent towards her crotch. Passion giggled clutching tufts of his hair as his fingers found their way inside her panties.

"Josh we really have to go, your girlfriend will be waiting." She said without malice. Joshua smiled placing his lips against her skin feeling the course of blood in her veins throb through her body. 

Joshua felt pain in his jaw as he controlled the distension of his incisors, he wanted so much to sink his teeth into her and mark her as his. Joshua pulled from her with a snarl.

"Josh?" Passion asked, wincing at the regret in her voice. She couldn't afford to let him know just how much she liked his touch. 

"You're right we have to go it would be rude if we didn't." Joshua said without a backwards glance. Passion growled with sexual frustration muffling her aggravation into the pillow.

---

Passion asked herself for the hundredth time why she had even bothered to accompany Joshua on his little dinner date. He could dress it down as much as he wanted but this was so a date and the thought didn't sit well with her. 

The fact that the thought didn't sit well with her only made her feel ten times worse. If that wasn't bad enough Joshua was acting as if he hadn't pulled away from potentially mind blowing sex. 

Joshua smiled when Passion growled again, her hands tightening around the steering wheel, her jaw clenched tightly as she concentrated on the road. He hadn't meant to offend her, he had only done what he thought had been right and stepped away from something he knew she wasn't ready for. 

"There it is. The cluster of summer homes the humans rent out during the summer period." Passion said. 

The headlights of the pickup illuminated a grand Victorian house, made from light wood with flower boxes in every window. Passion felt queasy.

"Come on." Joshua said exiting the vehicle.

"Come on." Passion imitated. 

Joshua made it to the door first and pressed the doorbell. A loud cacophony of bird noises wailed into the evening, starling Passion out of her mood. Joshua laughed as she grabbed hold of his arm the door opening wide emitting a waft of cooking food and warmth.

"Welcome." Joshua smiled at the small white haired woman with bright blue eyes, beside her stood Bebe her hand linked with her mothers. 

They both wore similar dresses of pale yellow and pearls around their throats. Passion rubbed her hand over her own outfit, wincing as her palm chafed against the denim of her jeans. How unsightly, she thought as Bebe made introductions.

"This is my mother Samantha and my farther Boris." She said as a large, burly seven foot man walked into the foyer. 

Curly, long salt and pepper hair ran down to the centre of his back. His biker jacket glistened beneath the stunning chandelier that soaked the refined room in light. 

"Honestly Boris, what have I told you about wearing that hideous thing when we have guests." 

The woman was so much smaller than her husband that Passion found it hilarious when she wagged her finger at him.

"But you said to wear my best outfit." The man growled. 

His face was made of harsh lines and an unruly beard. Although he could easily shake the house with his voice, he chose to be soft and loving towards his mate. Passion couldn't help but envy them.

"If this is your best then I don't know why I've bothered trying to change you for the past thirty years." Samantha huffed. Boris walked towards her, his thick books clunking against the polished wood floor. 

"You've done wonders." He said lifting Samantha up into his arms and making toward the grand spiral stairs.

"Umm mom, dad we have guests." Bebe said pleadingly. 

Joshua snorted behind his hand as Samantha apologised profusely. Boris didn't even bother to appear repentant. He eyed the Alpha of the Oak River clan, Joshua Oaken if he wasn't mistaken. 

He was still bruised from the beating his sons had given him, but walked and smiled as if he wasn't in the house of those that had wronged him. 

Boris had been so angry when Bebe had informed him about what his sons had done. They had endangered their family and for that he had taken out his most treasured belt and flayed their asses. 

"Joshua Oaken." Boris said shaking the Alpha's hand with a firm grip. 

Joshua returned the handshake clenching his hand harder then Boris's, showing the bear that he too was a powerful man.

"Boys!" Boris yelled smirking when Joshua flinched backwards. He hadn't meant to scare the boy but that handshake had left his hand throbbing. 

Joshua and Passion walked into the dining room, silverware and crockery had been set for the meal ahead. 

Standing at other end of the table were three hulking males all with the same thick black hair as their father. Triplets. Passion noted that they all had the same facial structure, slashing brows and large blue eyes. 

The brother who had held the knife was a teeny bit taller than the other two and had a vicious scar running down his cheek.

"These, unfortunately, are my sons. Dravo, Vladimir and Bogdan." Boris said.

Passion smirked as Bogdan scowled deep rouge colouring his cheeks. So that was knife guys name, Bogdan!

"It's Danny." Bogdan hissed, howling when Boris cuffed his head. 

"Apologise to the Alpha!" Boris yelled. 

All three of them blanched at the anger in his voice. Joshua stood before them his arms crossed against his chest and a hardened look on his face. Passion had never seen him look so authoritative and she smiled inwardly at the transformation. Joshua was starting to show his true status as ruler of wolves.

"We apologise Alpha." Vladimir said his blue eyes, like his mothers, showed truth behind his words. 

Taking a step towards Joshua, he lifted his hand and placed it against his forehead. Vladimir then knelt with his head bowed and shifted his thick hair to one side, bearing his neck, the other bears did the same.

"We apologise Alpha, mete your justice with a fair hand." They said in unison. 

Silence filled the room as Joshua pondered his next move. He could easily have them sentenced to death, sending his warriors to annihilate the Tsarev's, but he knew that if someone even looked at Passion funny he would rip them apart.

"Accepted." Joshua said clasping Danny's arm and pulling him up. 

Joshua smiled when Samantha gave a sigh of relief, her once pale face filling up with colour. Even Boris gave a gruff nod of thanks as they down at the table.

"So how long have the two of you been mated?" Samantha asked, opening the many dishes of food while Boris filled their glasses with wine.

Passion spluttered feeling her cheeks overheat, and stared into her empty plate.

"Well we aren't actually mated." Joshua said. 

"Oh well I guess at your age that's a good thing at least you don't have to worry about pregnancy." Samantha smiled. 

Joshua nodded in agreement. It was true that unmated wolves couldn't get pregnant. Only when two wolves bit each other, installing their DNA into their partner would their bodies be able to conceive a child. It was based on this imprinting that made it impossible for wolves to have sexual relations outside of their partnership. 

The imprinting caused a deep spiritual link. Sex with a stranger would be extremely painful and would cause the cheating shifter emotional trauma. No, he and Passion would be having no pups. However, now that the thought had been offered to him, he wanted to grab it and make it into a reality. Joshua froze as he realised a terrifying truth. He was in love with Passion. How could he fall so quickly for someone he didn't even know? 

"Joshua, potatoes?" Passion asked. 

Everyone at the table was looking at him worriedly and he surmised that he must have been ignoring the question for quite a while. His fingers brushed against hers as he took the bowl from her a zing of desire shot through him reminding him of his earlier realisation. 

He loved Passion even when she was being cold and distant or angry at him. He enjoyed his time with her. She was wrong in her belief that this was an infatuation. The sex was amazing but it wasn't about the sex, it went deeper than that.

"Yes." He whispered.

"Yes what?" Bebe asked having heard his words. Joshua blushed and shook his head in dismissal.

"How long are you here for?" Joshua asked, his question aimed at the triplets. 

"Until our parents get out of this rutting phase." Dravo replied dryly.

Boris thumped his large fist against the table, chuckling nonetheless at his sons words.

"Don't mind Dravo he's upset because his girlfriend left him." Vladimir supplied sipping at the wine.

"That's because you stole her from me you bastard!" Dravo roared lunging at Vladimir. 

Both brothers toppled to the ground in an all out brawl. Samantha rushed around the dining table.

"We have guests!" She shrieked hopping from foot to foot, wringing her hands.

"More food for me." Danny chuckled, emptying the two abandoned plates of food onto his own. 

"Go for the jugular." Boris roared downing his glass before leaving the table and cheering the boys on.

"That's not helping one bit." Samantha said her hands bunched at her hips. 

"I'm so sorry." Bebe said hiding her head behind her hand in shame. 

Joshua looked at Passion and their eyes locked before they both burst out with laughter.

---

"That had to be the most surreal moment of my life." Passion laughed as they walked towards the lake. 

By mutual agreement they had bypassed the house and walked through the gate. The moon shimmered on the crystalline surface, a stark reminder that the mating moon would be arriving soon and once again Passion would have to endure it alone. 

She didn't really mind the alone part, it was the part where all unmated shifters had to congregate before those that were bonding and watch the ceremony. This ultimately meant some young buck would demand her services and she, as an Omega, would have to submit. 

Joshua took off at a jog shedding his clothing as he grew closer to the shore. Joshua had stated before that he would mate this month and she wondered who it would be with, did she have any right to care? Joshua was her friend and her lover, it was only natural for her to care. It didn't mean that there was anything deeper than comradeship. 

"Passion." Joshua called waist deep in water. 

Droplets ran down his chest catching in the light curls of his chest, his pectorals flinched unconsciously when she drew near and Passion found joy that she had affected him in such away. 

The water cooled her flushed body, her feet quickly lifting into the water as she swam towards him. His eyes were warm and welcoming, beckoning her closer. As soon as she was in proximity to him 

Joshua pulled her into his arms, engulfing her into a tight yet comfortable embrace. It felt good to be held, no words or expectations, just for a few moments she could just be.

Joshua held onto her tightly revelling in the feel of her soft body against his hard planes. He enjoyed the contrast between her dark chocolate skin against his tanned chest as she nuzzled against his chest. Her rouge locks snaked out in the water as he propelled them further into the lake.

Passion looked up at Joshua's face losing herself in the blue orbs of his eyes. His plush lips curved upwards, his hands trailing up and down her back pulling her closer to him, engulfing her with his presence.

"I love you." Joshua murmured against the side of her head. 

Passion stiffened in his arms before fighting against him. Joshua tightened his hold in an attempt to keep her still but she continued to fight against him. Lifting her knee upwards she slammed her knee into his groin.

"Fuck!" Joshua grunted instantly releasing her.

Passion swam to the shore picking up her clothes as she made contact with ground. She heard Joshua leave the water, his breathing laboured no doubt to having his balls brutalised. She almost felt sorry for him, but to have those words thrown at her was enough to make her claw his eyes out.

"Passion." Joshua called after her. She slowed her steps but didn't stop, allowing him to catch up with her.

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to freak you out." Joshua said falling into step with her. 

He tried reaching for her hand but she pulled it up against her chest and crossed her arms. 

"Then you should never have said it, I'm an Omega never forget that." She said.

"How can I when you can't?" He mumbled. She heard him but pretended not to. 

They reached the back door sliding it open. The TV flashed light against the walls, the volume on low, her parents were spread out on the sofa sleeping. 

"Look let's just forget what I said." Joshua said hurrying up the stairs behind her. 

Passion grunted in agreement pushing open her bedroom door but before she could shut it, Joshua was pushing through the door and closing it with the heel of his foot. Passion knew what he wanted and in all honesty she wanted it too. She pushed the thought of his words at the back of her mind and watched him as he walked towards her, his eyes focused on her like a predator looking at his prey.

"I want you." Passion said draping her arms around Joshua's neck. 

He took hold of her waist and lifted her up, groaning when she wrapped her legs around his waist. She was pressed tightly against his cock and he moaned with the contact of it. Moving to the bed he went down with her, his limbs sinking into the mattress, resting on either side of Passion's body. 

Passion ran her fingers against the contours of his face, savouring the sensation of an innocent touch, skin to skin. 

A sigh left her lips when he rubbed his cheek against her open palm, an indescribable light shining in the depths of his eyes as he captured her lips. Passion moaned with pleasure when he ran his hands down the length of her body stopping at the apex between her thighs. 

"I want to hold you." Joshua said, turning them onto their sides so that she spooned against his front. 

For a moment Passion was lost for words. Just hold her, where was the fun in that? The slow rise and fall of his chest signalled his slumber and his breath tickled his skin. 

Though Passion fought it, she found herself relaxing. She had to destroy whatever feelings Joshua had for her, but the thought of hurting him almost crippled her. 

Passion sighed forcing herself to relax in his loose embrace. There was still time until the mating moon, why couldn't she enjoy his affection before then. Certain that she could protect her heart against Joshua, Passion snuggled against his sturdy frame and allowed her eyes drift close.

---

The black wolf limped through the woods keeping far from the road. She had learned the hard way what happened when one tried to interact with the metal beasts. 

She wasn't a stupid wolf and was fully aware of what a car was, but she had no idea that they moved with such velocity. It had been so dark and queit she hadn't even thought that humans resided in this area, but she had been wrong so wrong. It had then taken the whole day for her to recover from the fracture in her hip. 

The night was filled with smells and sounds alien to her. The thought of turning back entered her mind for the hundredth time but even if she wanted to, there was no way she could make it, she didn't even know where she was now.

A car roared past far too close for comfort. The sound sent the wolf tumbling down the steep ravine she had been tiptoeing along. 

She was a blur of fur as she plummeted over the edge, her yelp lost in the wind as she continued to roll at a high speed. 

A soft thump ruptured the now silent woods and the she-wolf came to a stop at the base of a tree.

---------------------------------------------

da-da-da-dum.......