 Chapter Nine.

Passion grumbled once again over being sent on such a meaningless assignment, not to mention that her 'favourite' group of warriors were tagging along. Why had she been born with such a bad omen hovering over her? 

After their exchange in the car the night before they had both stormed off to their rooms, and she had known that she had successfully extinguished what could have been. One day Joshua would thank her for it but right now he was punishing her. 

That morning they had sat in awkward silence when a representative from the Oak River council had come bearing news. She had arrived just after dinner and Passion had been grateful for Lorna's presence, at least Joshua would be too preoccupied with pack matters to curse her with his eyes.

"Alpha." She had said placing her forehead upon his knuckles. 

"What is it?" Joshua had asked.

"We have intruders." 

Intruder was a term used when other clans encroached on another's land unannounced. It was clan law that all packs make themselves known to the Alpha, doing so showed that they weren't hostile. These guys had paid no such respect.

"Where have they been seen?" Joshua asked giving Lorna his full attention. 

"The first pack has been seen lodging at Priory Park. Keith Matthews says he saw an enforcement pack a few days away from here, in their wolf form." Lorna supplied.

"Who do you think holds the most threat?" 

Passion was stunned that he had even bothered asking her opinion, but his pointed stare made it obvious he was addressing her.

"Well the enforcement pack sound the most deadly, though they have yet to arrive I think it best to intercept them now." Passion said, "If the intruders have been staying in the area it means that they aren't an immediate threat, otherwise they would have attacked already."

"Fine, send a group of warriors to confront the enforcement pack, Passion and her crew will check out the intruders." Joshua said signing a warrant Lorna handed to him, a small formality to prove his orders. 

Passion spluttered with indignation, how could he delegate such a tame mission to her and her personal squadron? They were the more experienced warriors.

"You can't do this, I am the higher authority amongst the warriors."

"And I am the highest authority full stop, you will do as I command." Joshua said fire blazing in his eyes. 

For a split second Passion hated him, how dare he speak to her like she was nothing. The sane part of her knew that he was still smarting from her rejection but that didn't mean he had to be a total asshole. As soon as Lorna left Passion kneed Joshua in the groin. 

"Don't ever take that tone with me or next time I'll bite them off." She snarled, rushing from the house before he could recover. 

Now she sat in her pickup headed for Priory Park. Brent sat in the driver's seat, much to her dismay and each time he changed gears there was a loud crunching sound that ran through her bones. 

Her poor baby was being tortured in the hands of Brent. Something we have in common my dear. Passion thought, resting her head against the cool glass. 

Why had Joshua permitted such a tedious task, had he taken her words seriously? Recalling what she said made her flinch. In all honesty she had been harsh but any normal man would have realised that she was just pushing him away. 

She didn't want him to move out rather she wanted him to move into her room, into her life. Passion froze as the thought settled over her mind like a permanent film, she wanted Joshua not as a fuck buddy but as a constant fixture in her life. 

"Hey Passion wake up we're here." Brent grunted giving the throttle a hard shove, smiling as he noticed her wince. 

"Ooh Priory Park." Alyssa squealed flinging the back door open her hair flouncing into the night, the rain showering her in liquid silver.

"Far too excitable." Lucas said, his stern words lightened by the smile tweaking his lips. 

Passion giggled causing the three warriors to turn in surprise at a sound they had never heard before. 

"Was that a laugh?" Lucas asked closing the door behind him with a loud thump.

"More like a giggle." Alyssa said. 

Brent assessed Passion as she blushed, giving Alyssa a playful shove. The young she-wolf's eyes widened in surprise before she shoved Passion back. They both chuckled as they made their way to the Priory Park diner. 

"She's changed." Brent whispered.

"He's good for her." Lucas said.

Brent nodded composing himself back into a tough beta. Lucas watched his friend walk away realising that the wolf had always loved the Omega.

Passion had her arm linked in Alyssa's and wondered why she hadn't ripped it away from the shifter. Joshua had made her into something different, she was no longer the tough Omega who had to snarl and snap to be heard. She knew that being nice could hurt her but she didn't care anymore. 

Joshua loved her, he showed her enough times and said it almost as many, she wouldn't, couldn't throw that back in his face. 

"So I was thinking we could go shopping tomorrow I saw this dress that I think would suit you." Alyssa said. 

"I would love to go shopping maybe I could wear something for..." Passion trailed off catching herself before she revealed everything.

"Joshua." Alyssa said suggestively. 

Passion stopped abruptly, almost dragging Alyssa to the ground, although since she was much shorter than Alyssa it would have been no easy feat. 

"How did you know?" Passion asked scouting the area to see if anyone had heard their exchange. 

Brent and Lucas were behind them but not close enough to hear their conversation even with their enhanced hearing.

"It's so obvious, he looks at you like the sun shines out of your ass." Alyssa said, laughing at Passion's expression of horror. "Relax most people think he's exerting his Alpha rights to fuck you, but I know better." Alyssa winked.

Passion tried to grasp what Alyssa had told her but couldn't. She was correct in the sense that no one would really care but once they found out that they were planning on mating, heads would turn and not in some depreciative way but in a warped Exorcist kind of way. 

She couldn't bring shame to her parents and wouldn't allow herself to be run out of the only home she knew. From birth to the time her clan had been massacred she had had to move from place to place. Never really having any roots, never having a place to call home except for the love of her parents. Now she loved Oak Falls, and all because of one man. No one could take that away from her. 

"Cheer up." Alyssa said softly, prodding Passion in the ribs. 

Passion smiled weakly, pushing the glass door of the diner open, the small golden bell chimed heralding their arrival. 

Passion instantly disliked the clean and cheery atmosphere of the diner. It was decorated in retro 50's décor with bright lights that swamped the eatery and red booths with hard plastic tables. 

The counter shone silver and chrome with red barstools set up against it, there was an old cash register and a complementary waitress in pink writing orders on her white note book. 

Their wet shoes squeaked against the chequered linoleum smearing it with the mud they had dragged from outside. Passion felt no remorse and was tempted to rub her soles against the pristine walls covered in 1950's memorabilia. 

"This is kind of creepy." Alyssa said as they sat in a corner booth, away from prying eyes and curious ears. 

It was the perfect location to spot their quarry. The sound of The Drifters eased Passion's tension, her fingers tapping against the hard table.

"Can I take your order." The waitress who had been at the counter asked, a large ball of pink gum being tortured between white small teeth. Passion caught a whiff of fox and smiled at the shifter.

"Have you seen any wolves around here lately?" She asked. 

"Yeah they come here every night, they're a bit late today." The waitress said checking her watch.

"Thanks." Passion said. 

"So do you think they're threats?" Lucas asked when the waitress left with their orders.

"Well they can't be friendly otherwise they would have made themselves known to Joshua." Alyssa answered applying a fresh coat of light blue varnish to her nails. 

Passion listened as they discussed their theories on who the wolves were.

"Don't think we have to ponder anymore." Brent said lowly the bell above the door chiming like a death knoll. 

Over a dozen shifters walked into the diner in high spirits and they talked animatedly, laughing and joking as they swarmed over two booths. They all settled into their seats, except for one. 

A tall, red headed, man with dark skin and shining green eyes. His lifted up his nose just as Passion did and simultaneously they sniffed the air.

"Oh god." Passion trembled, her eyes roving over the stranger. 

"Nhiama." She hissed propelling herself to the man who caught her into his arms and spun her around the room, happiness radiating from his face. 

Passion's arms tightened around him as she slid down the length of his body his scent engulfing her.

Shock branched through her body, not fully comprehending who was in front of her. Her entire clan had been wiped out yet here stood her brother. Tears leaked down her cheeks as he hugged her again.

"No I'm much alive." He said as though he had read her mind.

"Passion?" Alyssa asked. 

With a questioning look she eyed the tall stranger, interest showing in her eyes. He smiled back at Alyssa. Passion thought she saw a reciprocating look before he looked back down at her.

"Mom and dad sent you away before it got any worse." Nhiama said ushering both women to the last empty booth. 

Passion sat beside him not wanting to lose the contact of her skin against his. She hadn't seen him in twelve years and she couldn't quell the fear that she may wake up at any moment and it would have all been a dream.

"When the humans came after us, we didn't stand a chance. The humans we did business with found out and informed a group call The Hunters. They have been killing our kind for centuries." Nhiama took a deep breath controlling the memories that were branded into his mind. 

Passion remembered that day so clearly. She had just arrived back from milking the cows that roamed in a neighbouring field close to their settlement, when she had found it ablaze. 

There had been so many bodies slashed and hacked, to the point where she didn't even know who they were. She had run all the way home only to find the door kicked open, splinters of wood had cut into her feet but she hadn't cared. She moved upstairs knowing instantly that that was where her parents were.

Blood coated the walls but it didn't fully register in her young teenage brain, it was the huddled figures of her parent in the corner that churned her stomach. They were holding each other tightly, her large strong father cocooning his wife, one palm firmly placed against the large swell of her stomach. 

"Passion?" The deep voice moaned. Passion ran to her parents who both looked up at her.

"Mama, papa, we have to go." She had cried, tugging at her father but quickly releasing him when he gave a loud hiss.

"No, you have to go, run as far away as you can." 

Her mother choked, lifting her head for moment before it slumped against her father's shoulder.

"Mama!" Passion cried fiercely shaking her but she didn't respond. "Papa." 

Passion looked at her father his eyes glazed over. Passion shook him, the force of which sent him slumping against her mother. They were both dead. 

Passion stood up, shedding her clothing quickly and shifted. 

She pressed her nose against her parent's cheeks, rubbing her head against the dome that had housed her now dead sibling. She had been so excited at the thought of having a younger brother or sister.

Nhiama. 

The name floated in her head but she pushed it away, for he too must be dead. 

But he wasn't, he was right here sitting beside her, holding her hand.

"Nhiama." Passion looked at the man who had called her brother and smiled. She scrambled out of the booth and hugged him. 

"Semati." She laughed pulling away from her childhood friend.

"Passion." He smiled running his hand over her head. 

He was the Alpha of the Sand Valley clan and the man who would have become her mate. 

---

Joshua paced the length of the Moore's living room wondering where on earth Passion was. He had just sent her on a mission to investigate a group of shifters who had moved into their territory but that had been hours ago. If it wasn't for the words she had said to him earlier he would be searching for her. 

"I'm home." 

Joshua jerked to a stop when he heard Passion's loud call, he tried to fight a smile but he couldn't. 

Rushing to the entrance he saw her not realising that she had people with her.

"I'm sorry." He said pulling her into his arms leaning in for a kiss only for her to duck out of him embrace. 

"Alpha this is my brother Nhiama, and the Alpha of the Sand Valley clan Semati." She said motioning to the two black men flanking her on either side. 

None looked too happy over his behaviour. Her brother with red hair as dark as hers pulled Passion into his arms, the Alpha who's dark brown hair was braided into two thick plaits continued to scowl. 

"I apologise." Joshua said before leading them to Clifton's study where they seated themselves before the large desk. 

Joshua tried to catch Passion's attention but she deliberately ignored him. That stung more than anything she had ever said to him. Was he an embarrassment to her or was she still afraid of what people thought? 

Now he had to give his full attention to the shifters in front of him. They had an agenda that had nothing to do with Passion. She had always said that she was the last of her kind yet here stood evidence of that she wasn't completely alone. 

"You have been here for almost two weeks now yet haven't paid homage to me, I should have you run out of here." Joshua said pulling the cloak of authoritarian around him, becoming the Alpha of Oak River. He had to make his position clear to these men, he was an Alpha just as strong and powerful as them.

"Why pay homage to an Alpha that is about to be usurped." Semati said leaning back into the chair, confidence radiating from his eyes. 

Passion stifled her gasp. That was why they were here, to challenge Joshua for rulership over the Oak River clan. Although pack leadership was passed down through bloodlines, the only people who could challenge an Alpha were a family member or another Alpha. Passion allowed herself to look at Joshua and to his credit he looked composed enough to smile.

"A challenge?" He asked.

"Yes, I challenge you Alpha."

"Then I accept." Joshua said shaking his hand firmly with Semati's. 

---

Passion walked them to the door once they had arranged a time and date for the battle. She declined her brothers offer to stay with them stating that this was her home and she couldn't leave her parents.

"We're your family Passion. Remember that." Nhiama had said kissing her on the top of head. 

Closing the door behind them she gathered all the courage she had to face Joshua, he was bound to have questions.

She found him standing by the lake skimming stones off the surface, his gaze was vacant and she knew he wasn't in the here and now but seeing something in the past.

"Joshua." She whispered slipping her hand in his. Joshua squeezed her hand gently before releasing it. 

Passion bit her lip as he shut her out. She wanted to comfort him but the further he walked away from her, the harder it became to go to him. 

"You made your choice Passion. I'm not a yo-yo, don't come to me if you're going to break my heart." 

Joshua's words carried along the breeze, wrapping around her senses until it felt like she was being strangled. To her horror a tear fell from her eye and ran down her cheek. 

She heard Joshua's soft curse and suddenly his heat was all around her, dispelling the chill that had taken residence in her lungs. 

His hand hovered against her cheek and he searched her gaze waiting for some sort of sign. Passion wanted nothing more that to rub her nose against his skin and inhale his scent. 

She wanted to tell him that she would be there for him, that he was more important than her family. 

Passion closed her eyes and took a step back. To her joy no more tears fell. 

"Good night Joshua." 

Passion didn't dare turn back, she knew one look would have her running into his arms. Her pack was back and any ember of hope that she held for a life with Joshua had been snuffed. It was time to concentrate on her own future, one without him.

---

"This is an outrage." Marley said along with other members of the council. 

Joshua had called a meeting with the shifters of Oak River to discuss the upcoming duel between him and the Sand Valley Alpha. So far they weren't taking it too well. 

"Who does he think he is, never in my sixty years have I heard of such a thing." Lena Cartwright said. 

More people agreed with her, and Joshua found it slightly uplifting but mostly daunting. He knew that he had a responsibility to his people, he couldn't allow them to be ruled by anyone other than an Oaken. He would fight to the death for them. 

"I hear that they are the Omega's former pack." Trina said. 

She sat in a short leather dress with legs crossed and her cleavage bared for all to see. Joshua nodded his head in agreement.

"Then she is a liability, the time you have spent with her, surely she must know things about you that no one else does." 

"Perhaps, but she won't betray me." Joshua said adamantly. 

"She is an Omega within our pack, but she would have a higher status among the Sand Valley pack. What has she got to lose?" Claw asked.

Joshua hated to agree with his uncle but he was right. Passion had made it perfectly clear that there was nothing between them but just yesterday she had shown him a vulnerable side of her. 

"I know her, and I will defeat Semati." Joshua thumped his fist on the table as the pack cheered. 

"Alpha we found something by the main road." A member of the pack said. 

Joshua excused himself from the library and followed the shifter into one of the holding rooms used for the Alpha and his family whenever they felt like roaming the house in their wolf form.

"Marie." Joshua whispered before rushing to the weak black wolf. 

He sat down on the floor and dragged her body onto his lap, running his hands through her fur. Marie lifted her head up slightly and gave a pitiful whine, flicking his nose with her tongue before falling unconscious with exhaustion.

"Marie!" He yelled shaking he wolf.

"It's ok Alpha, I gave her a sedative she is just sleeping." Joshua nodded as the young shifter took Marie from his arms. 

"Perhaps you'll stay with her tonight, she's in a new place and suffering from exhaustion and exposure." He said. 

"Yes I will, let be just get a few things from the Moore house then I'll be right back."

---

Passion sat in the Priory Park diner watching the last members of the Sand Valley clan. Semati and Nhiama were the only original members as the she had never met the shifters before her, yet they were all the same breed of wolf as she. 

"Did you see his face?" Semati laughed wrapping an arm around Passion shoulders. 

Passion bit the inside of her cheek to stop from flinching away from him, but if he was successful in his bid to rule over Oak River then she needed to be on his good side. She ignored the guilt niggling in the pit of her stomach. 

Last night had shocked her and lowered her defences against Joshua. She should never had cried in front of him, she could never be with Joshua so she may start now and lay her claim on Semati, the man she should be mated too.
