 Note to readers: Enjoy :D

*

Joshua stood in the doorway of the holding room watching as Marie walked to a tray laden with meat, as she walked she shifted back into her human form. 

Her body was lithe and slightly muscled, her breast were high and her nipples dusky. Yet he felt no stir of arousal just the love of brother to his sister which infuriated him. 

Passion had found it so easy to jump into the arms of another man, Semati nonetheless. The one man Joshua would rather kill himself than see Passion with, but she had made it clear which side she had chosen. He would not grovel or beg for affection if it did not come freely.

"Joshua." Marie called running into his arms. Joshua held her tightly, burying his face into her neck and inhaling her scent. 

"Did you missed me?" Joshua nodded enjoying the feel of her hand in his hair. "I've missed you too." Marie said pulling away from him. Joshua chuckled as her eyes roved over his body hotly. 

"You are still the same." He said passing her a bra, knickers and a cotton dress Spectre had lent him. 

Marie laughed pulling the dress over her head. Joshua tutted as she left the room, leaving the bra and panties behind. He followed her as she looked around the house, pointing and asking questions about his life so far amongst the pack.

"As much as I love you, what are you doing here Marie, and why were you in such a bad way?" 

They were sitting on a rock in the garden. Marie was picking daises and making a dainty chain in which she placed upon Joshua's head.

"Naomi has sent her warriors after you, as long as you are not mated she will force you back to Stillwater." Marie said shuffling closer to Joshua her hand resting upon his thigh. 

She gave it a squeeze before lifting her head towards the sky, revelling in the gentle breeze that swept the garden. 

"So that's why you are here." He said.

"No! I mean I would be honoured but I'm guessing you've found someone else. You were never keen on mating with me anyway." Marie pouted moving her hand further up his leg. Joshua took her hand in his, playing with her fingers.

"You are like a sister to me, it would be wrong on so many levels."

"I know." Marie sighed. "You know you've gotten more outgoing since leaving Stillwater. Usually you'd be too scared to come anywhere near me." She laughed. Joshua tucked a strand of black hair behind her ear and kissed her gently on the cheek.

"Tonight I am going to a duel and tomorrow is the mating moon." Joshua said pulling Marie on to his lap. 

It was something they used to do when they were younger, way before Joshua realised that it was his duty to mate with her. He found comfort in her embrace and it always soothed him to have her in his arms. Although, recently he had found comfort with Passion but he couldn't think about her without getting angry.

"A challenge? Already? You must be popular." Marie said clutching a handful of Joshua's hair and placing her thumb in her mouth. 

When they had been younger Joshua would shift into his wolf form whilst Marie held onto his ear, it was the only way either of them could get to sleep, first in nursery and later when they were a little older and had regular sleepovers. 

Which was all before puberty, as Stillwater males and females could only interact until a female had her first period. Then they were separated until marriage. 

Sitting together like this was only possible when they visited their secret spot in Stillwater. Now here she was lending him comfort again but he there was nothing he could offer her not what she wanted anyway. 

"If my mother finds out you've been here, you will be an outcast." Joshua said. Marie kissed the top of his head stroking his neck as if soothing a child.

"I know, but I couldn't bear the thought of her doing anything to you." Marie said and that was why she meant so much to him. 

She may be after him as a mate and feel more than friendly love towards him but she always put his needs above her own.

"You are a member of my pack now." He whispered into her ear then dumped her on to the ground. Marie laughed as she dusted herself off. 

"Joshua." 

Marie and Joshua turned to see Brent standing in the door way, his gaze riveted on Marie. Joshua smiled to himself as Marie gave Brent the once over as if looking at crap on her favourite dress. 

"Who is this beautiful creature?" Brent asked walking down the stone steps. Marie ducked behind Joshua as Brent came closer. 

"This is Marie, one of my closest friends. Marie this is my cousin Brent." Joshua pulled Marie from behind him, placing both hands firmly on her shoulders so that she couldn't escape.

"Enchanté." Brent smiled reaching for Marie's hand and bringing it to his lips. Just before he could kiss it Marie pulled back and punched him in the mouth.

"Fuck!" Brent spluttered as blood bubbled from his mouth.

"Should have warned you, her bite is bigger than her bark." Joshua laughed pulling Marie into his arms, he took her fist and studied her knuckles which were bloody.

"I got him good didn't I?" She laughed. 

"Yes you did." Brent grumbled. "I don't think I should be offering you my help." Brent sulked.

"Your help?" Joshua asked.

"Well seeing as you were brought up as a pussy, I thought I could teach you a couple of things about how to fight. I Wouldn't want to lose my status." Brent said. 

Joshua was surprised by his cousin's offer. Brent had made it increasingly clear how much he resented Joshua's presence and so to have him offer his expertise came as a shock.

"Why would you help me?" Joshua asked.

"Like I said I don't want to lose Alpha status, I would rather stay Beta than see the shit beat out of you."

"If that's the case then I thank you." Joshua said offering his hand to Brent. A few seconds ticked by before Brent took Joshua's hand and shook it. ---

"Come on, think, how can you attack me if I'm blocking?" Brent shouted as Joshua came at him again with closed fists. 

Brent deflected each blow then punched Joshua in the gut. Joshua staggered back wincing at the numerous blows his cousin had dealt, if he wasn't careful he would be too weak to defeat Semati. 

"Think Joshua, you have more than one skin." Marie shouted from her place in a large tree, her legs swinging back and fro. 

A small smile crept on Joshua face as he quickly took of his clothes. Fur sprouted from his skin as he fell on all fours, in one long shake of his body he turned into his wolf form. Running at Brent his tackled him to the ground and bit down gently on his arm.

"Good boy." Brent laughed ruffling Joshua's fur. Joshua growled biting down harder on his arm, teeth sinking into his flesh.

"Okay I get it." Brent hissed pushing Joshua off him. Marie whopped and clapped.

"That's it Joshua, you can do it." 

Shifting back Joshua took a fighting stance, bracing himself as Brent came at him with kicks and punches. 

Though he didn't deflect all of them he acquired less bruising than before. Brent changed into a wolf and leapt at Joshua. Joshua shifted and both wolves came at each other in a flurry of fur and howls. 

"You can do it!" Marie yelled. 

Joshua snapped at Brent's muzzle clawing at his flank. Brent howled and fell back, blood marking his fur. Panting Brent shifted back into his human form, where scratches marred his skin. 

Joshua also shifted back wincing as his bruised flesh moved across his rearranging bones. Marie collected bottles from the bag they had packed, passing one to each of the men.

"Thanks babe." Brent said hissing as cold streams ran down his chin to mingle with the welts on his body.

"You are this close to a pummelling." Marie sneered shaking her fist for emphasis. 

"Ooh I like it when you talk dirty." Brent growled snaking his arm around Marie's petite waist. 

With a deceptive smile Marie leaned into him trailing her hands down his naked torso to his pulsating cock. Leaning forward she kissed him on the jaw before squeezing hard on his rigid flesh.

"You hellion." Marie danced out of Brent's grasp stopping beside Joshua who doubled over as racks of laughter shook his body.

"Told you to be wary." Joshua said reaching for his slacks. 

One thing he had learnt from his mother was how to take pain, apart from the shifter ability to heal faster than humans, he had a high tolerance. Semati was screwed. ---

Passion woke up just as the sun was setting into the sky, yawning she turned in her bed to find it empty. Well of course Semati had the duel to take care off. 

They would be starting the duel any minute now and Oak River would either have a new leader or no longer have an Omega. The thought of leaving Oak River made her feel physically ill. Passion lurched from the bed and ran to the bathroom.

"Honey are you ok?" Martha asked knocking on the door. Passion wiped her mouth and flushed the toilet.

"I'm fine mom, I just feel a little sick that's all." Passion said after which there was a long pause.

"You aren't mated are you?" Martha asked.

"No of course not." Passion snapped instantly regretting her current temperament, but it couldn't be helped. 

The more she thought about it the less she wanted to be with the Sand Valley pack. She knew that by going with them she would become Alpha, that was her blood given right, she had been born one and all the members of the pack could not deny it. 

However Oak Falls had been her home, and yes she had gotten a lot of shit from the pack but it could have been worse. At least her foster parents loved her and she had Spectre. 

"Baby, should I come in?" Martha asked trying the door handle. 

Passion unlocked the door pulling her mother inside. They both sat on the rim of the bathtub. Passion bent her head between her legs as another bout of nausea overcame her but she managed to keep it down.

"I can't do this mom." Passion said between deep gasps. 

"Do what honey?" Martha asked brushing the strands of hair out of Passion's face. Passion leant into her mother's touch clasping Martha's hand with her own.

"I told Semati that I would be with him regardless of the outcome tonight." Passion said, feeling her mother shake as she spoke. "But I don't know if I can do it, I'm in love with Joshua." She admitted.

"Then stay and fight." Martha said vehemently. 

"The worst thing you can ever do is deny yourself happiness." 

"How can I stop it?" Passion asked.

"You can't, but you can be there to support the man you love." 

"And what of my people, my brother. I only just got him back." Passion said realising that her actions would not only be affecting her but Nhiama as well. 

She didn't believe that he would forgive her for choosing the opposing side, she knew she wouldn't.

"He is your brother and he will understand. I think you should go but ultimately this is your decision." Martha said getting up from her perch on the rim of the bath.

"I need my keys." Passion said. ---

Joshua hadn't realised the enormity of the situation until he saw the large crowd at Sacred Rock. 

According to his uncle, ever since the Oak River pack had been established this had been the location for all major events such as the mating moon. 

This was also the first time there had been a duel and Joshua could feel the weight on his shoulders grow heavier. It also didn't help that he was constantly on the lookout for Passion, but it was obvious that she wasn't going to show. She had made up her mind and she was no longer interested in a future between the two of them. 

She may not even be yours. A voice in his head whispered. Joshua cursed at the thought, until he knew for a fact that she had mated with Semati he would hold on to the hope that she still felt something for him. 

"Joshua are you ready?" Martha asked, stepping forward to apply coloured paint to his cheeks as a sign for protection. 

Joshua nodded and pulled Marie into a hug. Marie hugged him back. Joshua tilted his head so that he could place a kiss to her forehead, and as he pulled away a shadow caught his attention and he noticed Passion walking towards them.

"Can you give me a few minutes." Joshua asked as Passion reached them. 

From the look on her face it was obvious she had seen the intimate exchange. She did not look happy. 

"Sure I'll tell Claw that you'll be with us soon." 

Marie looked at Passion her pupils dilating as she realised the connection between her and Joshua. Marie looked sharply at Joshua before storming off.

"Well you sure were fast." Passion said.

"And you couldn't even wait to kick me from your bed before you took another, so if you want to play the accusation game I'll win." Joshua hissed readjusting his loincloth. 

It was custom to wear one as it made it easier to shift without ruining clothes. 

"Nothing happened." Passion said. 

"You were just both naked in the same bed looking all cosy for what, to catch up on old times."

"Would you believe me if I said yes?" Passion asked truly looking into his eyes. 

Joshua searched her face for any sign of deception, but she exhibited only self righteous confidence in her claim.

"Yes." He said as he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. Passion resisted for only a moment before melting into him, her body having been so long without him, it burned hot for more of his caress. She felt as though Joshua would devour her with his lips or set her ablaze with the sweep of his tongue. Running her hands into his hair she kissed him back just as fiercely.

"Passion." Nhiama called. They both sprang apart as though burned with guilt. Nhiama approached them quickly.

"I may not be big, but I am quick and lethal." He growled in Joshua's ear. Passion pushed at her brother's chest but he refused to budge.

"Quit it." She said hoping to soothe him. Nhiama looked down at cupping her face in his hand.

"Remember where you belong." Nhiama said. 

Passion turned to where Joshua had been standing only to see him enter the circle of shifters. Before she could reach him the croud swallowed him up. 

"Come, I know where we can watch." Nhiama said taking her hand. 

Passion wanted to slap her brother for the way he had spoken to Joshua, but in the end he was her brother whom she thought was dead, she could never strike him. 

Nhiama pushed her to the front where the other Sand Valley pack members stood cheering Semati on. Ama, a pack bitch, was applying markings to his face when he saw her. 

His face lit up into a smile and Passion couldn't help but feel awkward at the attention that he paid her, she was not deserving of it.

"You came." He said hugging her. Passion nodded then quickly took a step back.

"Do your best." She said. Semati nodded then walked into the circle. --- Joshua kneaded the ground with his toes as Semati approached him. He felt the warmth and vitality of the earth and found confidence with the feel of soil prickling his soles. 

He had trained to the best of his ability and now all he could do was hope that he'd be able to save his people. 

"A Stillwater brat, this should be easy." Semati whispered, loud enough for Joshua to hear. 

Heat flooded his cheeks as the insult hit him. This was how Semati planned to best him, with blows not with fists but words. 

Joshua smiled, all his life he had been ridiculed and if this pup before him thought he would give in easily then he had another think coming. 

Joshua braced himself as Semati rushed towards him, mid run he changed into his wolf form aiming for his Joshua throat. 

Joshua brought his arm down allowing Semati to chomp on his flesh, hissing at the contact he chopped at Semati's spine with his hand. In a canine whimper Semati lost his grip. 

Joshua shifted relishing the feel of what he felt was his true form. Semati growled snapping at Joshua's legs. 

Joshua scrambled back and then feinted to the right. He was not fast enough and Semati kicked, catching Joshua's muzzle. Before Joshua could get away, Semati shifted back and picked Joshua up before slamming him to the ground. Joshua yelped as the wind was knocked out of him.

"Do you honestly think." Semati growled kicking Joshua fiercely in the stomach. "That you could beat me? I have your woman and now I have your people." 

Semati caught Joshua by the tail and swung him into the air catching him in the stomach with his fist. 

Joshua hit the ground feeling his hind leg give way as he tried to get up again. Semati shifted into his wolf form, clamping down hard on Joshua's throat he then changed into a human, quickly replacing his teeth with his hands.

"Does she make those little whimpers for you when you touch her?" He sneered into his ear. "She is mine Stillwater mongrel." 

Joshua saw red at those words, unsheathing his claws he raked them along Semati's arm. As Semati fell back clutching his appendage Joshua charged at him. Grabbing him by the throat he began to shake him. ---

Passion felt her heart in her throat as Semati beat the crap out of Joshua. He was going to lose. Many times Nhiama had to stop her from charging into the circle. 

"I have to do something." Passion cursed as Semati took Joshua by the throat. 

"You will watch your mate gain a throne." Nhiama hissed in her ear. 

But as he spoke those words, the fight took a massive turn as Joshua rushed at Semati and started to shake him by the throat. Joshua's fur was coated in blood as Semati tried to free himself from Joshua's grip. 

"Now will you let me do something." She cursed, kicking Nhiama fiercely in the shin. 

Not caring that she still wore clothes Passion shifted and ran into the circle ignoring the shouts of disapproval. 

Running with all her might she catapulted herself into Joshua, surprising him out of his grip on Semati. Joshua howled landing on the far corner of the ring. 

Passion turned to check on how Semati was doing. His throat was not as bad she thought it may have been, in the end Joshua had known just how much pressure to apply without causing Semati any extra damage. 

"Little vixen." Semati croaked running a hand down the front of her face. 

Passion licked his fingers with her tongue before looking back at Joshua who was back on his feet. He had a look of profound sadness in his eyes before snarling at them both, barring his teeth. 

Passion imitated him, standing over Semati's body in a gesture of protection. She loved Joshua but she couldn't let him kill someone who was so important to her. 

"The Sand Valley Alpha is incapacitated. Joshua Oaken retains his position as Alpha. The Sand Valley Alpha is prohibited to make a claim against Joshua Oaken for the rest of both their lives." Claw said over the cheers of the Oak River pack. Passion licked at the wounds on Semati's chin.

"Go to him." Semati said pushing at Passion's red furred face. "I have others to tend me." 

Passion nudged him on the shoulder before loping off to find Joshua. As she wove through the Oak River pack she noticed their hostile glares and mutterings.

"Traitor." One female whispered.

"Whore." Said another. But it wasn't them that mattered to her. Joshua meant the world to her. She found him resting at the foot of a thick tree far away from everyone else. He was resting in his wolf form licking as the scratches and bites left by Semati. 

Passion gave a sound of warning before entering his line of sight. For a moment she thought he was going to lick her but instead he turned his head in dismissal. Shifting back into her human form she crawled towards him wary of his reaction.

"I thought you were going to kill him." She whispered tentatively reaching out for him. 

Joshua also shifted but jerked away from her touch on his shoulder.

"I thought he was going to kill me, everyone did but I didn't see you standing over me, with your teeth bared at the world." He sneered licking his wounds although he was now human.
