 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 62: Deeper

After Caleldir gained what information he could from the two naga guards, he hurried off down the passage after Althaia and Selene. They had an Ashyr to find.

Sensing that Caleldir was rushing up behind her, Althaia slowed her pace until he caught up. "What did the naga say?" She asked. 

"Some sort of soul-sucking, heart-breaking, singing creature that resembles the two of us probably has Ashyr." Caleldir summarized.

"Lovely." Althaia said with more than slight sarcasm. "Sounds like a particularly malevolent Lorelei."

"Soul-sucking nymphs?" Selene demanded. Nymph was what she assumed, anyway. It was always some sort of fey creature ruining their adventures.

"Not exactly like a nymph." Caleldir said uneasily. "She mentioned magic songs. Nymphs have great singing voices, of course, but there is nothing overtly magic about the sound. And nymphs are the opposite of sadistic, which these creatures apparently are. I suspect some relative of nymphkind: my instinct say Lorelei, but there are too many species to be sure. I wonder if Port Afron knows about this." He mused more to himself than his companions. "They would have to, wouldn't they?"

"I hope that they are either able to see reason, or are ugly." Althaia mused as she walked. "After all, it is against my religion to destroy beautiful people. I still will, of course. I just tell Aesuna that they were really ugly and just using illusion to fake beauty. Which is not entirely a lie, as outward appearance can be said to be an illusion with contrasted with the inside, but it is easier not to have to resort to such wordplay." Her tone was clearly rather joking.

"Your religion is very silly." Caleldir observed to the paladin. "Also, anything similar to a nymph would almost by definition be extremely beautiful. Lorelei are no exception."

Althaia looked exaggeratedly scandalized. "What? You are insinuating that the goddesses of beauty and nymphs, hedonism and cats, and festivals and bards are not completely serious? They are the only deities able to recruit Lawful Paladins despite being Chaotic! That is the height of Seriousness. 

"Oh, if only Lolth were that easy to manipulate." Selene responded dryly. Then she blinked, having just realized what she said. That was damn near blasphemy coming from her. Her free hand came up to her mouth as if such an action would be able to make her unsay what was just said. "Glad I don't use divine magic." She muttered under her breath.

"I think Lolth is the one doing all the manipulations. Everyone caught in her web, and all that." Caleldir responded to Selene's whispering. "The One I follow is beyond all comprehension, so I do not even attempt manipulation. But, then again, He does not really empower clerics or paladins in the same way as the gods of this world do. Instead, my people drew their divine spells from our Philosophy."

"If he does not interact with his followers, how do you know he even exists?" Althaia asked curious. "I talk to my goddesses every day, and most days they respond. Every day they give me magic as direct proof of their existence."

Caleldir hesitated for a moment, then shrugged. "It is our Philosophy." He finally said. "That and He spoke to me once. Told me to follow Ashyr when I was considering running."

The path was clear while the party walked and talked (and distracted themselves from their worry for Ashyr.) The party made the unspoken assumption that the way they needed to go was down. And that happened to be the way they'd chosen not to go in the first place. So down they went. The flowing water may have been a problem if they hadn't had their own sturdy full-nymph paladin to keep them from falling clumsily downstream

Althaia probably would have continued the conversation, but she became distracted by the scenery they were going through. "Oh! We are out of the sewers proper." She said happily.

Indeed, after about five minutes of walking, the tunnel had abruptly turned from carved stone to natural caverns. Around that time there were parts of the passage that Selene only had to wade her feet through. There were even patches that were (mostly) dry. There was still a moderately deep river flowing down the center, something that an unconscious person would very easily float down.

The party continued in worried silence. They could no longer distract themselves with conversations about gods and God; they didn't want to announce their presence to the not-nymphs if at all possible.

Twenty minutes later, on one aforementioned dry spot, there was a clump of bright purple hair woven and knotted securely through a delicate chain. Anyone who spent even a little amount of time with Ashyr would recognize it as one of her adornments. Selene could just about make out its color in the gloom - likely because of how the caverns glowed a strange greenish hue up ahead. The mage frowned a little harder for a moment, picked it up, and shoved it into one of her pouches. "Going the right way." She observed simply.

"Yep. Definitely going the right way." Caleldir agreed. "Unless the flow of water pushed Ashyr one direction and her items another, which seems improbable."

Since there was no other (logical) way than forward, the party advanced into the glowing light of the caverns beyond. The light came from some sort of fungus - something that Selene at least was well used to. It gave off a very low light. The average human wouldn't be able to see, but thankfully there were no average humans in the party. The atmosphere became a little warmer as the light level improved, but it was no less wet. Another few minutes of walking saw them in a large, circular chamber about sixty feet across that was apparently a dead end. The river flowed into a pool that took up at least half of the back of the space. Along the walls were dozens of alcoves in various shapes, like a misshapen beehive. From where the party stood, all that could be seen within those dents in the rock was blackness.

Most magnificent was the center of the area. The underground river flowed around a pillar that even Caleldir couldn't reach his arms across. Like veins in the natural rock, fungus and mushrooms clung and glowed and illuminated the center of the room. It lit all the way up into the ceiling, which was at least as tall as the room was across, if not more so.

Two of the mysterious alcoves along the walls proved not to be empty just moments after the party was able to take in the details of them room. Figures emerged with sinuous grace from the holes in the wall, one from each alcove. They were decidedly feminine, swaying things as they approached the party. In fact, the only thing really strange about them that the party could see was their almost impossibly long hair flowing about their bodies as if the creatures were submerged in water on dry land. They stopped a safe distance away, their posture completely unthreatening. Both were completely naked, of course, and every bit as beautiful as any nymph. But the shadows they cast on the walls were not unlike that of flowing tentacle beasts that merely waited for the merest provocation to strike.

"Greetings." Said one in a rich, exotic northwestern accent.

"More visitors, sistra?" The flaxen-haired one asked despite the obviousness of her question. Her attention was focused entirely on the party, and on their reactions to that one little phrase: More visitors.

"Yes, it would appear so. We are quite popular," the one with dark ink-hair agreed. Her eyes fell upon Caleldir after she glanced at the drow and paladin. Those eyes widened slightly, and the smile already on her face widened just a little. "We really should kill them, sistra. But I think we'll find out what they want, first. They rarely just walk in."

Caleldir gulped down and took a step back, especially after the dark-haired one gave him that look. "We have come to negotiate." He said with as much composure as he could muster. Reverting back to his default behavior with females not in his inner circle, he pointedly avoided looking below their necks and seemed ill at ease.

On the other hand, Althaia's eyes gleamed in interest, and she freely ogled everything on display. As a matter of habit, she checked to see what sort of aura they were giving off: evil, of course. Regardless, they had her attention. "You have amazing hair." She said sincerely. "My cousin here speaks correctly; we are here to negotiate. We think a comrade of ours washed down here, and we would like to have her returned."

The long-haired ladies were unperturbed by Althaia's ogling stare. Indeed, they didn't even seem to notice. Their returning glances were far less sexual than any nymph with which the party would be familiar. At least they still seemed to think better of being aggressive or outright attacking.

"If you speak of the one who came by a little while ago, we do not have her." The flaxen-haired nymph said with a cruel little smile.

"No. We must keep our fishmen whats-its entertained from time to time, or they become hostile to us. You understand." The other said with a careless shrug. "She is with them now."

"What." Selene said in a tone as low as it was dangerous. The air around her grew perceptibly hotter as she began to instinctively gather energy for an attack.

Caleldir and Althaia shared a glance. Each one confirmed what the other suspected about the alignment of the creatures. Neutral evil. But at seeming friendly enough. "Fishmen. You gave Ashyr to the fishmen." Caleldir said in a tone not much less dangerous than Selene's.

"Eh, we did not know she belonged to you, fair nymph. But we are cousins, you and I. We help family, yes?" The ink-haired one said to Althaia.

"Yes, sistra." The flax-haired one responded despite not being directly addressed. That cruel little smile still present on her features. Or perhaps her face was just like that all the time. "Shall I lead you to her, nymph? I'm afraid you will need to be led, for it is too large a maze for you to explore before it becomes too late." She outstretched an elegant hand to indicate that it was the pool beside them that they must travel through.

"But we must advise - no, insist that the other two stay behind. They will not be able to keep up." The other one said.

"I hope that we are in time to prevent her from being injured." Althaia said sincerely. "But you are right: we are family, for it is clear that our kinds are closely linked. So I will stay my hand and not seek vengeance. I will be quite pleased to have her back safe, though." Closing her eyes, the clothes melted from her frame. Stretching out, she was now as naked as they. "I will follow you, cousin. Lead me to these fishmen. But, I warn you, though I will not attack you, if they have harmed my friend, I cannot guarantee their lives." Her words were not threatening, merely serious.

"Hurt them, kill them, torture them. Do as you wish." Said the light-haired one. "We grow tired of watching them like misbehaving children," flax-hair said with an uncaring shrug.

"I generally do not hurt or torture. I convince or kill." Althaia said simply. 

"I am not comfortable about being left with... and, she's gone." Caleldir sighed. Althaia had dived into the pool, with flax-hair right in front of her.

"Well, I had to stay behind no matter what," the mage admitted in undercommon. Selene was perfectly able to completely ignore the other strange woman thing until Althaia came back with Ashyr. Or, at least, look like she was ignoring her. The drow still kept her in sight at all times.

"I had not really considered that..." Caleldir admitted, "but you are right. I suppose we will just wait." He sighed, closing his eyes.

Sighing, Caleldir sat down cross-legged by the side of the pool. "So... if I may be so bold as to ask, what sort of fey/outsider/whatever are you? I get that you are related to nymphkind, but what, exactly?" They did not seem to be Lorelei.

Selene sat down beside Caleldir and leaned in until their shoulders touched, curiously waiting for an answer to come. She didn't hear ink-hair respond, though. The mage started when she saw something out of the corner of her eye. One - no, two - no, four more forms dropped from the alcoves around the edge of the cavern. A thrill of panic clutched at her heart. She made no move, however. "Caleldir..."

Caleldir's eyes went wide. "Oh-uh..." he whispered. He leapt to his feet and brandished his sword and staff, bracing for the attack. 

And that was when the chorus began. The new four voices began to sing, and suddenly the term 'heartbreaking' just didn't seem to do justice to the sweet melody that attacked Selene's mind. Immediately, the drow got to her feet and began walking entranced to the nearest of the four women who walked on dry land. Tears flowed freely down her dark cheeks as she walked, moved by the tragedy, heartache, and ardent love she now believed to be true with all her being.

As the fey's song was some sort of mind-affecting enchantment, Caleldir was naturally immune. The effect washed over him harmlessly. Except for the psychological effect, that was. He almost had to wipe a tear away. When shorn of the mind-breaking part, their singing was incredibly beautiful. But that was not what was important. What was important was that Selene's spell resistance had utterly failed, and she was now completely enthralled. "Selene, no!" he shouted, as he tried to pull her away from the creatures.

Of course the dark-haired woman could not let him go after Selene. "Perhaps you do not know who we are? We are Rusalka, and these are not our lands." Her hair came alive and quickly encapsulated Caleldir's wrists and ankles with stunning speed. That same hair snaked under his armor. By sheer luck, she managed to press against his armor rune with enough force to pop his armor off far quicker than she meant to. Her body pressed into his back at the same time her hair shifted to force him close to her. The Rusalka's tongue drew a wet line from the base of his ear to the tip. "We are water fey like you. But less nice. Some call us nymphs, sirens, mermaids - ugh. False accusations. You may call me Rostimira."

He shivered slightly against the feel of her body and tried to wriggle away, but to no avail. Oh, Rusalka. He should have known. More malicious sister race of the Lorelei that gathered in larger groups. But that sort of fey was far more northerly than he was used to. "Unhand me!" He said angrily. 

Rostimira was being much more gentle with her captive. It probably had something to do with what she said next: "I have never seen a male nymph. I like interesting creatures. You will be my plaything."

By that time, Selene and three of the other Rusalka met up on the edge of the pond and land. Their fingers grabbed and dented her flesh with unnatural strength. It had to have hurt - and even drew blood in places - but, by Selene's expression, their touch was nothing but the most orgasmic pleasure. The Rusalka were having at least as much fun as she was, though they did not stop their song.

"You have no idea what sort of creature I really am." Caleldir protested.

"No idea what you are?" Rostimira asked. She brought her nose to his neck and inhaled deeply. The hair restraining him pulled him a little closer into her body in a possessive grasp. 

He could feel the firm press of her breasts, the aroused rise and fall of her chest, and the hot breath against his neck and shoulders. Those dark tresses were at once incredibly soft and unforgivingly strong. It was like being restrained by silk. The Rusalka's slender arms joined her coiling hair around the front of his body, boldly caressing and tracing the lines of his torso. Then, almost gently, she lowered the both of them back down to sit by the edge of the pool.

"No, I do not know everything about you. Not yet. You smell... old, I know this. It has not made you strong. See how simply I move you?" The woman's voice was excited and absolutely sure that she would succeed. If anything, Caleldir had just made her more excited about their imagined future together. 

Despite himself, Caleldir had to admit that the Rusalka was correct. He was not at all strong in this form. He was barely human average when it came to physical power. He could try charming them, or telekinesis, but both were too weak to be effective. It was hard to struggle, what with the feel of her breasts and breath against his back, and her arms at his front. "I am not strong in this form." He gasped. "But I have another. If you are not careful, you will force me into it, and then you will be sorry."

"This is yet to be seen. But once Nemanja leaves that other female with our fishmen, we'll have much time to spend together. I will find your secrets," Ink-hair responded, unworried.

He was not concerned about Althaia and the fishmen. She could very much take care of herself; Nemanja had no idea what she was trying to do, luring her into an ambush. If anything, Althaia would enjoy it. "You really do not want to find my secrets, I promise you that." he added ominously. Or as ominously as one could add between gasps of pleasure. 

As he said this, the water in front of them rippled, and one of the new Rusalka surfaced. Hair like shining quicksilver swirled around on the surface of the pool, framing her unnaturally pretty face. But even when the upper half of her body surfaced to reveal perfect, white breasts, her hair still flowed around her as if she was still submerged. Parts of that hair entangled with Rostimira to help force Caleldir's legs apart. 

Caleldir swallowed. He suddenly remembered something. More than the fact that he still was not down for random sex with random women - not even truly lovely fey - with his heritage there was an incredibly high chance that his children would be paragons. In this case, paragon but otherwise purebred Rusalka. Raised by other Rusalka. That was a creature that categorically should not exist. He had to try to get away. He began struggling quite hard, but they were too strong. The pain coursed through him dully before they got their wish and managed to move him like a puppet. He could only watch as chocolate-hair moved up to settle between his thighs. Clawed fingernails dug lightly into his flesh at his upper thighs, and then ran down his legs hard enough to deliberately cause him discomfort. Meanwhile, her much more delicate mouth was at his manhood to coax his dick to a raging erection worthy of his sex-soaked ancestry

The rusalka with Selene were still much less gentle; they seemed more intent on causing pain without adding pleasurable touches. It still didn't seem to matter, for while their song still filled the cavern, Selene was moaning with arousal. Together, they began to pull her to the edge of the cavern towards one of the larger alcoves.

"Do not hurt her!" he cried through the haze of his arousal. On the other hand, if they did hurt her too much, she would go ethereal and vanish from them due to that ritual, so unless they had ways of attacking her there, it might be for the best that they try to kill her.
