 Chapter Eleven

Joshua swore as he turned for the sixth time that night, his tail hitting the night stand as his paws lost purchase on the silk bed sheets. 

Goddamn tradition. He thought, resting his head back on the pillow. 

Unlike most nights when he would normally sleep as a man, Oak River tradition proclaimed that during the mating moon all males should rest as wolves as it would heighten their stamina. All Joshua knew was that he was fucking up a pair of very expensive silk sheets. 

His body ached from the challenge, his leg had healed but it was still sore. Yet the reason for his current insomnia was due to a slip of a wolf who had betrayed him in the worst possible way. 

The one thing he demanded from his lover was utmost loyalty and she had completely destroyed that. 

He was Alpha and it was his duty to protect his fellow pack members, if he had to kill he would have done. Joshua wanted nothing more to do with Passion. 

Marie had always been a good friend and he knew that he could always count on her if he needed support. Perhaps there was no love in the sense of a male and female but that would come in time. 

"Joshua." Came a voice from the hallway. Joshua growled as a sign of beckoning, only to wish he hadn't. 

Passion stood in a cotton dress that barely reached her knees, her hair was no longer in plaits and hung long and loose skimming her hips. She looked beautiful and it pained him that she would feminise herself over that bastard Semati. 

When he looked at her face, however, Joshua couldn't help but find immense joy over dark circles beneath her eyes and wished that he could laugh in his wolf form. 

"I guess this is the best situation. I can talk without being interrupted and you can ignore me as I talk." Passion laughed half-heartedly. 

Her rigidness piqued Joshua's curiosity. He sat up in the bed only to slide onto the floor with a loud thump. Passion's eyes widened with shock before she burst into laughter. Joshua barked with indignation, before he could stop himself he tackled Passion onto the floor and began nuzzling her ribs in an attempt to tickle her.

"Get off you hound." Passion giggled pushing his large head away from her. Joshua licked her face leaving a thick stream on saliva on her cheek.

"Eww." She rubbed her head against his. 

Joshua gave a low growl as he rubbed his head against hers in return. As if they realised just how intimate they were acting Joshua allowed her to push him away. 

"I received a letter this morning." She said pulling out an official council envelope. 

"It says my status as Omega has been revoked and 

since I am battle pack leader I am now of the Beta rank." She said, a fat tear running down her face. 

Before Joshua could lick it away she wiped it furiously, as if angry at the show of emotion. 

"Thank you." She whispered burying her face into his fur. "I'm leaving." She finally said getting up from the floor. 

Joshua cocked his head in confusion. What did she mean by leaving? As if she knew his thoughts Passion answered.

"I am leaving with my brother and the Sand Valley pack, I think it would be best this way. I can't ever explain why I did what I did yesterday but I couldn't let another piece of my past die. Semati to me is like Marie to you. If I killed Marie could you ever look me in the eye again?" Passion asked. 

Joshua wanted to say yes, wanted her to believe that in his eyes she could do no wrong but in the end he would be lying. 

"I didn't think so. Goodbye Josh." She whispered rushing out of the room before he could do anything. 

Tradition made it impossible for him to shift and run after her and if the truth be told, perhaps this was what they both needed. She had chosen her side, now he had to do the same. 

Loping to the window he watched as Semati got out of the passenger side of the car opening the driver's door for Passion. As if sensing his gaze Semati looked up and Joshua could have sworn he saw regret in the Alpha's eyes. 

---

Marie stood in the door way as Joshua gave a keening howl, the sound breaking her heart. She heard the sound of tire on gravel and rushed out of the house, keeping to the bushes so that Joshua couldn't see her as she raced after the van. 

Stripping off her clothes she shifted and leapt onto the roof of the vehicle. The Sand Valley Alpha stuck his head out of the window and noticed Marie. In a calm voice he informed Passion of their newly acquired companion. 

Carefully coming to a halt, Passion waited for the wolf to jump of the roof of the pickup before exiting the van. 

"What do you think you are doing?" Passion asked as Marie shifted back into her human body.

"I could ask you the same thing, are you stupid or do you act dumb for the attention?" Marie retorted ignoring Semati's stare. 

"Excuse me." Passion said indignantly.

"He loves you and you betrayed him, yet instead of claiming him tonight you are running away." Marie said backing Passion against the van. 

Marie was a good half foot taller than her but Passion felt no hostility, instead there was a reassuring confidence emanating from Marie.

"I betrayed him, he would never choose me now." Passion said.

"You are so wrong it's painful. I know Joshua and I know he would have hated killing anyone for the title of Alpha. You needn't have bothered saving Semati's sorry ass, Joshua knew what he was doing. But regardless of that if you really love him then you will come tonight." 

Marie then folded her arms, having said all she could on the matter. She wasn't about to hand the love of her life over to the enemy. 

"No." Passion reached for the door and entered the pickup, gunning the engine she roared out of Oak River. 

It took a while for Semati's warnings to reach Passion's ears. She was too consumed in thoughts about the mating moon. Marie couldn't have come at a worst time. 

It had been hard enough leaving her parents, who had done so much for her these past years. In the end they had given her their blessing, deep down they understood that she couldn't let go of an opportunity such as this. 

Joshua may have retracted her Omega status but her actions during the challenge would cement her as a pack outcaste. Leaving Oak River would be the only way to ensure a better life for herself.

"Although this doesn't benefit me in any way, I think that girl is right. Firstly what possessed you to save me?" Semati asked resting his feet on the dashboard of the van. 

Passion ground her teeth over his actions but didn't call him up on it, as for his question there was really no answer to that. 

"To be honest, the thought of Joshua killing someone over something so useless won out on protecting you." Passion said, and to her ears that sounded right. No matter what Joshua said, she had always had the best intentions. 

"That's harsh." Semati grumbled, leaning his head against the window and shutting his eyes. 

Passion knew that he was still awake and was only pretending because she had hurt his feelings, but she was to weary to lie. 

---

Passion pulled into the parking lot of the reservation park. The caretaker was of the bear clan and rented out parts of the land to other shifters for a few days. 

The Sand Valley pack were going to stay there for a few days, until they found a permanent home. Passion found her brother sitting with a group of friends eating out of pans they had heated on a hot plate.

"Pup." Nhiama called patting at the space beside him. "I would like to formally introduce you to Ma'li and Kwadu." He said pointing to two tall wolves. 

Ma'li had long red dreads and an oval face with rugged features, whilst Kwadu was shorter and butch with shortly cropped hair. Passion smiled and nodded at them in greeting. 

"We have heard so much about you." Ma'li said inching closer to her. Passion winced moving closer to her brother. 

"What are you doing?" Nhiama whispered in her ear. 

"I think they are expecting something from me." Passion squealed as Kwadu caressed her arm.

"Why do you think you are here, see how many women we have compared to our men. Until you are mated you will ease the frustration of our males." Nhiama said pushing Passion into Kwadu's arms. 

Passion felt her blood run cold at his words. She looked around the camp and actually saw what was in front of her. There were only a handful of women, some she hadn't seen before were heavily pregnant whilst the youngest who appeared to be fifteen were being eyed by much older males. 

How could something so glaringly obvious have evaded her senses? As Kwadu and Ma'li began a shouting match over who would sleep with her first, Passion got up from her place by the fire and walked woodenly towards her van. 

"Where are you going?" Nhiama grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the vehicle.

"Did you even miss me?" She asked with a sigh, tired over the fact that nothing seemed simple any more. Nhiama growled.

"When mama and papa died I knew they had sent you running. There was no sign of you anywhere. Semati and I were the only ones left. Do you think I spent the rest of my life pining for a girl who was probably dead? Being an Alpha isn't about that." 

Nhiama tightened his grip on Passion's arm causing her to cry out. Passion shut her eyes in a bid to cool her anger but she couldn't, her brother was seriously pissing her off. Everything she believed to be true had been a lie. He hadn't missed her, he was just using her as an object until Semati claimed her. 

Yes her pack was on the verge of extension but there was more to life than being the packs whore and eventual baby making machine. Using her free arm she slammed her fist into his jaw. He hadn't expected that and released her in surprise. Passion ran the rest of her way to the pickup.

"Leave her." Semati ordered. 

By the looks on their faces the males weren't too keen but in the end Semati was Alpha, they had to listen to him. Passion wiped away the tears as Semati saluted her and mouthed hiyi. 

"Why did you say those things?" Semati asked watching as Passion sped away. 

He offered Nhiama his hand, who took it with a grunt and pulled himself up. Once the pickup was but a blip in the distance, the once warring men calmed down and congratulated each other's acting skills.

"You and I both know her place is by his side." Nhiama said, laughing when his fingers came away from his mouth with blood on them. "She has a mean left hook." Both men draped an arm on the other's shoulder and walked back to the fire. 

---

Joshua sat atop the meteor which had been carved into an alter of sorts. He could feel heat emanating from it and wondered if that was why it was viewed as sacred. Below him, standing before the meteor were ten females, including Tina and Marie. 

First they presented themselves as humans then each woman shifted. He had to rate them on their fluidity as they shifted, a sign of the harmony between human and beast. Joshua bit back a smile as Marie danced in a circle shifting as she did so. She had always been a show off. 

Joshua jumped from the meteor, pressing his nose against the females he had chosen to fight for him. He hated the thought of any blood being shed but this was his duty.

"The Alpha has chosen. Battle commences now." 

Marley said her fingers delving into Claw's fur. His uncle sat beside his wife like a loyal guard as the six chosen females began to battle in the circle. 

Joshua winced as he heard bone cracking and the whimpers of pain. Blood splattered the ground as each female tore into her opponent. Marie took hold of a female by the throat applying enough pressure to cause her to pass out. Two male wolves quickly dragged away the unconscious body. By now only three remained. 

In a silent truce Tina and Marie made an alliance ganging up on a grey wolf. Tina caught her by the tail while Marie dug her nails into her back. With a keening howl the wolf went down. Then it was left with only Tina and Marie. Joshua didn't know if he could take this anymore. 

Marie had been sliced across her face, narrowly missing her eye, while Tina's ear had been bitten. Both she-wolves panted with exhaustion but there was determination in their eyes. Tina snarled before hitting Marie with a flurry of swipes and bites. Joshua knew that Marie was a great fighter but Tina was acting like a wolf possessed, laying into Marie over and over again. Marie didn't have a chance in hell of winning or living. 

Then something red shot into the circle sending Tina hurdling into the meteor with a sickening thud. Passion stood over Marie's body and snarled at Tina, baring her gums and teeth while her tail caressed Marie's damaged body. 

Tina swayed on her feet a barely audible growl emitting from her throat before she fell to the ground. Marie stood shakily and butted Passion on the nose. Passion butted her back and Marie crashed to the ground in an over exaggerated fashion.

"Both Tina and Marie are out for the count." Passion rubbed her muzzle against Marie's face and the she-wolf gave her look that read 'you took your time', before passing out. 

Passion looked at Tina whose body was being dragged away and then to Marie who was also being aided. All around her the wolves settled onto the ground bearing their stomachs the ultimate sign of submission. 

Passion felt a lump build in her throat as Joshua also turned on his back bearing his stomach to her. With careful steps Passion walked up the sloped rock towards him, the black rock warming the pads of her paws. When she reached him she ran her muzzle against his fur lined belly nipping at the flesh under his chin. 

Passion watched as Joshua enveloped the pleasure-pain feel of shifting into a man, his head lifting up to the sky his eyes widening as they returned to their human shape. 

Passion nuzzled his chest with her wet nose as he wrapped her in his embrace. Fur filled his face which quickly turned to flowing red hair. All around them the wolves shifted awaiting their Alpha's next actions. 

Passion kissed his open palm as he cupped her face with his hands. Turning her gaze to his she looked deep into his blue eyes and saw blistering lust and never-ending love. Looking at the people Passion howled, Joshua laughed and howled too. All around them their pack lifted their faces to the night sky and let out heartfelt cries. 

Joshua rested his head against Passion's and breathed in her scent. Not once had he thought Passion would return and for her to protect his friend the way she did reinforced the love he felt for her. 

He could not stop touching her, knowing that in a few moments she would be his forever. The exchange of saliva in the bloodstream meant that a female's egg could only accepted by the male she was mated with. It also meant that their bodies would not respond to anyone else but their mates. This final act of the mating moon was one Joshua had been dreading for months but now he wanted everyone to see the love he felt towards Passion. 

Running his hands down to the juncture of her thighs he waited for her to open her legs. In the back of his mind he heard the male wolves imitate his actions with their mates and chosen bed 

partners. 

"I love you." Joshua said against her throat pulling her tightly against his body. 

Passion gasped at the action, her head falling back when Joshua took a nipple into his mouth. He rolled it with his tongue nibbling at the flesh around it. His hand continued to delve within her feminine folds coming into contact with her bud. Passion grasped at his back as Joshua inserted a finger into her pulsating heat quickly followed by another. 

"I am yours before Luna." She groaned resting her head against his shoulder. Joshua surged up against her, removing his hands. 

Passion choked as he filled her, her pelvis knocking against his. The pack made a collective hiss as the males entered their females, they no longer needed the guidance of their leader as desire over took them. 

"I am yours before Luna." Joshua growled sinking his teeth into Passion's neck, his incisors lengthened, further piercing her skin. Passion howled biting Joshua on the shoulder drinking her fill. 

Their bodies were slick with sweat as they fed from each other, Joshua thrust against her again falling onto his back. Passion felt exhilarated as she rode him, her palm resting on his stomach as she pushed up and against him, her hips gyrating in time to the moans of the other pack members. As Joshua's DNA melded with hers, Passion felt a heightened sense of things, as though both their perspectives with melded to one another. 

Not only that but she could also sense his emotions and the amount of love he had for her clawed at her chest overwhelming her. It was scary.

"Passion." Joshua croaked pulling her onto his chest. 

They climaxed simultaneously. Liquid heat surged within her as she contracted around him. Reaching for a blanket provided by one of the pack members Joshua covered them, tucking Passion's head under his chin. He was mated with the only woman he had ever loved and he was going to savour it.

---

Passion felt the tickling of dawns light upon her skin, the small pin pricks of a new a day. Every morning she had felt it but this time the sensation was different, intensified and magnified in a way she had never experienced before. 

Slowly her eyes opened to the canopy of green which swayed above her upon the gently breeze. Beside her she felt the heat of another and ever so slowly she turned upon the warmed rock and gazed upon the man beside her. 

His very being was beautiful, golden hair blanketed the pallet on which they lay, and his muscled chest rose and fell as if in time with nature itself. Around her she heard the stirring of bodies, the tired yawns and exquisite gasps of those that had lost themselves in the throes of passion they had felt the night before. 

Getting up, Passion gathered the fur blanket and stood watching as the wolves noticed her attention. One by one they sat on their haunches and bayed, their cries filling her very soul as they acknowledged their new queen. Passion had never thought this day would come when she would be praised yet here she stood revered.

A warm hand gripped her arm and she looked up as Joshua joined her side, his hand slipping into her hers as he pulled her into his arms, his chin resting on the crown of her head. The beating of his heart soothed her as his other arm wrapped around her waist.

"Listen to them Passion, hear them sing for you." He said, together they took a deep breath as the wolf song sank into their souls and rushed over their bodies. Passion had never heard anything so beautiful in all her life and she drank it in like sweet nectar. 

"Alpha male and his mate." The pack said as they shifted into their human forms chanting it upon the melody of the dawn wind. 

She felt Joshua move to the rhythm and she too was drawn in. Together they shifted, howling as they took wolf form. Shaking themselves from the confines of the blanket Joshua took the lead down the steps of the meteor. The circle of shifters parted as the couple ran towards the woods, the song becoming faint as the shifters continued to sing.

They ran until they could barely breathe, stopping at a small creek. Passion was the first to shift back. The change was more than pleasure itself and as she watched her mate join her, lust filled her senses. She recognised the moment her scent hit Joshua, his face took on a carnal edge as he stalked towards her. 

With a laugh Passion ran towards a tree, hiding behind its large trunk. Joshua growled giving chase, his large naked body shining with a thin sheet of sweat. Passion dodged away from his hands as he bore down on her. Falling to her knees she stretched out her arms waiting for him. 
