 Note to readers: Okay loyal readers, and new readers alike, some not so good news/good news. 

My chapters will not be coming up are regularly as before. This is due to two reasons. ONE: My laptop is having a mini crisis and keeps crashing on me, right now I am writing/typing this message as quickly as possible before I lose it. TWO (this is where the good news part comes in) I am planning on writing a sequel but have yet to complete or even reach half way. I do not plan on waiting several months before publishing it. 

I know how it feels waiting for a promised sequel only to find the author has become disinterested and decided not to do one. I promise there will be a sequel but to motivate myself I need to start typing it pronto. Therefore I have decided to update on a weekly basis instead, sorry but this is the only way I know how to get the second story at least half way done. I have written 2 1/2 chapters so I'm not bluffing and *slight cough* don't really want to jinx this, but there is a third story, which is far more complete than the second. Can't bring out the third unless there is a second. Trilogies don't work out that way. Feeling only slightly pressured, probably shouldn't have told you that there is more to the Dark series but meh, I've done it now!!!!!!!

Now onto the chapter...Enjoy :D 

-------------------------------------------------

CHAPTER TWELVE

Passion laughed as her father wrestled with the champagne cork, his face bright red with exertion as he attempted to get it open. 

Her mother carried a platter of kebabs offering them to the guests that had come to pay homage to the new mated pair. 

Joshua stood with Brent and Marie, making exaggerated motions with his hands. What they were talking about she had no idea but to see him so happy made her chest tighten.

"There you are, Mrs. Oaken." Passion turned at the voice and smiled. 

Spectre stood in a simple blue dress with a small box wrapped in gold wrapping paper.

"This is for you." Spectre said handing it to her. Passion rattled the box peeling away the paper to reveal a velvet box.

"What is it?" Passion asked opening the box. Within the padded confines lay two gold chains with broken heart charms. 

"Zachariah gave it to me. He told me that if Joshua ever returned and took a mate I should give it to her." Spectre explained wiping away a tear. Passion hugged her best friend close. 

"Thank you." Passion said closing the box, reminding herself to show it to Joshua later. "By the way who did you get it on with?" Passion asked as they walked to the buffet table, filling their plates with food.

"Lucas." Spectre blushed. 

Passion sniffed the air but realised that her friend was not mated. 

"Every mating moon the two of you get together, but ignore each other the rest of the year." Passion said. 

Spectre refused to answer and instead tucked into her food. Passion wondered just what their relationship was about, as unlikely as it sounded, they were more complicated than her and Brent.

"He's a good wolf, but not for me." Spectre finally said in a 'that's all I'm saying' tone. Passion respected her friend's wishes and they ate in companionable silence. 

"Passion." Passion smiled as Joshua walked towards her, she took his hand as he pulled her up setting her plate on the table. 

"How are you feeling?" He asked massaging her neck. Passion leaned into his touch as he worked away all her kinks. 

"A little swore, but you're massaging all the wrong the places." She whispered into his ear, cupping him through his jeans.

"Insatiable." He growled.

"Only when it comes to you." She said, sighing when he kissed her on her brow.

"Get a room." Alyssa laughed as she walked past. 

A cheer went up when Joshua lifted Passion into his arms and kissed her on the lips. His flesh against hers caused a slow heat to burn in the pit of her stomach. 

"Disgusting." Brent muttered watching their display. Marie hit him on the back of his head.

"Why are you so miserable?" Marie asked.

"No one should be that happy." Brent sighed walking towards the garden door. Marie followed him handing him a glass of punch.

"She must be really special to have two guys love her." Marie said. 

Brent looked down at the little wolf and draped his arm over her shoulder. Marie allowed him that small contact. 

She wasn't used to men touching her so freely but aside from Joshua this was the first time she had felt comfortable within another's arms. 

"You've lost the love of your life and I've lost mine. Let's go upstairs." Marie offered. Brent looked dumbfounded before squeezing her hand and leading the way.

"Did you just see that." Passion asked gripping hold of Joshua's forearms as he lowered her to the ground. 

"I think they suit each other." He said. Passion cocked her head wondering if Joshua was right. Maybe they did deserve each. 

"Joshua the warriors have returned." Claw said motioning towards the library. 

Joshua took Passion's hand bringing her with him into the room. A dozen warriors stood looking bruised and worse for wear. Joshua was shocked, he had sent over twenty warriors and now here stood half.

"What happened?" Joshua asked sitting in the overstuffed desk chair settling Passion onto his lap. 

If the other warriors were surprised they hid it well. Hosanna stood forward clutching her arm to her chest, from her posture Joshua could tell that it was broken. 

"We were ambushed, there was so many we couldn't stop them. The others didn't make it." Joshua felt Passion's grip in his hair tighten at the thought of so many shifters being killed. 

His mother had gone too far, coming after him was one thing but killing his people was another. This involved the whole pack and they would be baying for blood. 

"Go home and rest. Thank you." Joshua said watching as his battered warriors left the room. Claw sat opposite him, his hand shaking as he ran it through his cropped hair.

"From the sounds of it my mother has sent all her warriors with the mission to claim me." Joshua said, trying to figure out the best plan of action. 

The silence that engulfed the room could be felt heavily on their chests and Passion had no idea what to do. For her the Oak River warrior pack had been the baddest thing around, no matter how many times rival packs had tried to attack they had managed to fight back and win. To see her brothers and sisters beaten so easily didn't bode well for them.

"Do we wait for the attack or strike at the source." Passion mused, not realising she had spoken out loud until Joshua squeezed her hand. A smile blossomed on his face as an idea seemed too take root.

"My mother would have sent all her best warriors. What you saw of Stillwater was only the heart of the pack. Beyond the fence there are more shifters who are a part of my mother's people."

"We have fifty warriors here in Oak River." Claw said.

"Not enough, we'll need more." Joshua said. Passion rubbed her chin a thought taking fruition in her mind.

"Reinforcements, the Tsarev's owe us a favour." Passion reminded him. 

"And we have allies amongst the pride." Claw said. Joshua looked at Passion expectedly.

"The Lavine pride are lion shifters. Leon is the current Artashir." Passion explained.

"Artashir?" 

"King of all lion shifters. He was a close friend of your fathers, he can help us." Claw said. 

Joshua wondered if he should involve another clan 

but then realised that he had very little choice. 

His mother would hear of the attack upon her people and would retaliate by reinforcing their numbers with more pack members as well as other clans. He was certain she would ask for assistance from the bear clan that lived at the bottom of the mountains. 

"So we go and visit the Artashir." Joshua said.

"Or we could call him on the phone." Passion suggested.

"No, it would be best to go in person. Leon's family have held the role of Artashir for centuries. He would not want to endanger his pride for wolves." Claw explained. 

Passion nodded in agreement, that made sense. She doubted she would offer her people to aid a clan she had no idea of knowing would win. 

"Get the beast ready, we'll fly out tonight." Joshua said. Claw picked up the phone and made a quick call to the manager of the jet. 

"Should we get some warriors to escort us?" Passion asked.

"No, it'll be just the two of us. Showing that we aren't hostile and come with good faith should help us." Passion looked at Joshua appreciatively, for someone who knew nothing of battle he was very skilled in strategizing. 

"Uncle." Joshua said getting out of his seat. He laid his hand on his uncle's shoulder and pressed his head against his. "I'm entrusting the pack in your care until we get back." Claw patted Joshua on the back before pulling him into a hug.

"I won't fail you son." He said. Joshua nodded then turned to Passion. She looked him in the eye and put as much affection and trust into her gaze.

"The beast is waiting."

---

It didn't take them long to reach the airstrip and a fine shower had begun to descend. The whir of the turbines usually made Passion feel nauseous, but even more so when the full impact of what they were about to do finally hit her. They were on the brink of war with her mother-in-laws people and for all she knew they could lose.

"So this is the beast." Passion whirled at the deep baritone spotting Danny, his thick hair littered with silver droplets. 

"What are you doing here?" Joshua asked.

"Well Dravo and Vladimir are with your uncle, I didn't feel much like staying put and twiddling my thumbs so I followed you guys." He explained. Joshua hissed in anger while Passion chuckled at the bear's antics.

"We don't need you." Joshua said ushering Passion towards the jet. Passion took a few steps up the ramp then turned to listen to their exchange.

"Well do you know where the Artashir lives, how he operates?" Danny asked.

"He was friends with my father." Joshua explained.

"But he isn't friends with you,plus I know Seattle." Danny smiled a row of white set against his tanned skin. Passion smiled at his expression, it reminded her of the Cheshire cat. 

"Come on Josh, the sooner we go the sooner we can get back. I miss your embrace." Passion cooed. 

Biting back a laugh when she saw Joshua's shoulders stiffen she waited for them to join her. Joshua picked her up and entered the plane. 

"You know you don't have to carry me everywhere." Passion said linking her fingers against his neck and nestling her head against his shoulder. 

"You're so small I fear I may lose you." He said sitting in the reclining seat that faced the window. 

"I know you guys are newly mated but do you have to be so sickly sweat?" Danny asked. 

Passion stuck her tongue out at him settling deeper on Joshua's lap. His quickening hardness nudged her hip and she smiled at the thought of having her wicked way with him on the plane.

"If you had tried to get rid of him maybe we could christen the jet." Joshua whispered in her ear as though he had heard her thoughts. Passion growled giving Danny a pointed glare. 

"Hey I don't care what you guys get up too." Danny said wriggling in his seat pulling out a bag of popcorn from the inside of his coat.

"Seriously?" Joshua sighed as Danny began munching on the toffee coated treats. Passion sniggered hiding her face in the side of Joshua's neck.

"I don't know what you find funny, how am I supposed to survive this trip feeling like this?" 

Joshua growled suckling on her earlobe. Passion couldn't stop the mewl that escaped her lips as Joshua continued his ministrations, running his lips down to her jaw nibbling at her chin. Her head fell back as Joshua worked his way up to her lips. 

"So I thought I would be cool with the whole voyeurism thing but I guess I'm not." Danny said, completely obliterating the moment. 

Passion cursed falling into the seat beside Joshua who also cursed chucking his shoe at Danny. 

"Hey keep the violence for the enemy." Danny grumbled pulling the complimentary sleep mask over his eyes.

"Rank bastard." Joshua grumbled turning to face Passion only to find her sleeping. 

Small snores sounded in his ear as he pressed his head against hers. Her hand found purchase in his hair and Joshua smiled at the action before closing his eyes and joining her in her slumber.

------------------------------------------------

Note to readers: There you have it, no more insecurities Joshua and Passion are happy and the action will commence ish. To be honest I'm not brilliant at writing action scenes hence the whole will she wont she issue but don't worry no more annoying angst.