 Note to readers: So here is the latest chapter. Only a few more to go. Enjoy :D

----------------------------------------------=-

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The plane touched down in the early hours of the morning but unlike Oak River where the town would still be asleep, the hustle and bustle of city life called. 

Joshua had never been to the city and realised instantly that he didn't like it. There were far too many sounds and scents which clogged his heightened abilities. Danny had taken the initiative to rent a car before their arrival and Joshua grudgingly thanked him for it. 

"So where are we headed?" Joshua asked as Passion updated Claw on the phone in the back seat.

"The Artashir is the CEO of Artashir Industries." Danny called from the driver's seat.

"The biggest software producer in the world?" Passion asked turning the mobile off. Danny nodded turning into rush hour traffic. 

"So we're headed for there." 

"Yep only way we can get to see him, there is no way he'll let us near the pride. About ten years ago quite a lot of them were massacred in a sneak attack by the Hunters." Danny explained blowing the horn loudly when a car pulled up too close. 

Passion winced at the thought of a Hunter attack. The group of self righteous humans had no decency when it came to battle and always snuck around hitting clans when they were the most vulnerable. 

"I heard about that, it was a sad day." Passion said, remembering how many of the lions had arrived in Oak River seeking refuge after they had been run out of their homes. She hadn't dared mingle with them but she did remember their presence in Oak River. 

"They stayed with us while trying to regroup, perhaps you could use that knowledge to sway them." She said. 

They pulled up to a tall crystal building in the business district. Danny told them that he would circle the building as the prices for parking were a bitch. Joshua found solace in Passion's grip as they entered the foyer. 

It was so clean and bright that it burned Joshua's eyes but the building was owned by a lion and everyone knew that the felines had OCD, while wolves preferred to horde. That was just the way it was amongst shifters.

"How may I help you?" A tall blonde asked standing behind a wide booth. 

A small black contraption was attached to her ear and she wore her hair in a platinum bun. 

"We're looking for the Artashir." Joshua said. Passion elbowed him in the ribs.

"What he means is the Artashir CEO, Leon Dubois." 

Passion corrected. Joshua blushed, how foolish of 

him to mention Dubois as the Artashir in front of this human.

"Right, well have you got an appointment?" She asked flicking through a large colour coded organizer.

"No." Passion said. The blonde looked up in surprise then gave a sympathetic smile.

"I'm sorry but with no appointment I'm afraid you can't see him." She said. 

"What if we book on now?" Joshua asked.

"That can be done, usual waiting time is three months." Her shoulders shrugged apoplectically. 

Passion grasped Joshua's arm. They didn't have three months, they barely had three days.

"Please this is really important." Passion pleaded. 

The blonde pressed the earpiece as if hearing something on the other side. Her eyes widened briefly with surprise before she made a noise of agreement.

"You can go up now." She said pointing towards the elevator "Top floor." 

"What do you think, reckon he knows we're here?" Joshua asked. Passion paused as the lift doors opened. 

Joshua truly valued her opinion. Throughout this journey he had made sure to include her in all his plans and decisions. She hadn't believed she would question that but she realised that she had doubted just how much she meant to him. I love him, she said to herself, I really really love him.

"He must." She replied entering the elevator. 

Soft music played as they made their way to the 

executive floor. The doors opened to a panoramic view, all three walls were set with large windows and to their left stood two large bronze doors. 

Leon Dubois was sitting on his desk when they entered, a glass of brandy in his hands. He was tall with dark, caramel skin. Long sleek white hair was tied back in a black leather thong and he wore a charcoal suit with a black shirt. 

He was lean rather than muscular but from his grip on the glass Passion could tell that he was powerful. Striking azure eyes watched their progress, guarding his thoughts. She didn't know how to read him and the smell of cat sent her hackles up. 

"Welcome." He said in a heavy afro-French accent. 

Joshua released Passion's hand and knelt before 

him pressing his forehead against Leon's hand.

"Stand, stand son of Zachariah. All this formality is making me uncomfortable." He said, a smile bursting on his face. 

Passion bit back a gasp, he was stunning and as joy and light took over his features she realised why he had schooled his features. It was clear that such emotion would undermine his place as Artashir. 

"Sit, sit." He gestured to the two chairs before him while he continued to sit on the desk pulling his feet into the lotus position. 

"Can I offer you a drink?" He asked.

"We're fine." Joshua said lacing his fingers with Passion's. Leon smirked at the gesture as if it both amused and disgusted him.

"Artashir my pack needs your help." Joshua said.

"Of course otherwise why would you be here." Leon smiled.

"Of course." Passion mumbled not enjoying Leon's cryptic ways. "You know why we are here, so just cut the crap." Joshua tightened his grip on Passion's hand as a warning.

"Your bitch has spirit, son of Zachariah." Leon laughed. 

Passion saw red and attempted to jump out of her seat and lay one on him, only Joshua held her back.

"But you are female wolf, non?" He chuckled. "I like your mate son of Zachariah, perhaps you give her to me for one night and I will give you what you want." 

"No." Joshua said vehemently. Passion smiled 

cockily, settling back in her chair.

"Non? Then I cannot help you." He said. 

"My people are in danger." Joshua said. 

Leon shrugged downing the glass of brandy in one go. Reaching for the decanter he poured himself another. 

"And I should care, why?" He asked. 

Joshua wished he could smack the smirk of the lion's face but he couldn't risk losing the alliance his people needed. 

"You know how it feels to be attacked without reason. My father gave your people refuge when you needed it. Now I need your help so that the same cannot be done to my pack." Joshua said hoping that the lion was not too far gone to disregard those in need. 

Joshua waited for a response but the Artashir seemed too consumed with some inner demon Joshua had released. 

"Josh lets go it's no use, the bastard is too far up his own ass to give a damn about anyone else." Passion said. 

A roar erupted into the room before Leon launched himself at Passion. Joshua pushed Passion to the ground crouching over her body, snarling at the enraged lion. He tried to control the change, as the thought of the bastard laying his hand upon Passion shook his body. 

"I'm okay." Passion said, her touch soothing the raging beast within. "I'm fine let's go." Joshua eyed Leon as he helped Passion up, they would have to rethink their whole plan of attack. 

He had honestly believed that a debt could be called in any time, more fool him.

"What do you know of suffering little girl, you are with your mate and have the love of your pack. Unlike prides who know no loyalty." 

Leon called after them. Passion laid a hand on Joshua's arm stopping him, then walked back to Leon.

"Passion." Joshua called trying to take her hand.

Passion walked right up to Leon and although she had to crane her head to look him in the eye it didn't make her words any less poignant.

"My entire pack was massacred when I was thirteen, I watched my father and pregnant mother die. I went to live in Oak River and was an instant outcaste. Only because of the mate I have now do I truly live. Unlike you I do not sit in self pity and loathing, I embrace what I have. Believe me I know about suffering." Passion said. 

She then walked back to Joshua's side ignoring everything until they were back in the car. Joshua kissed the top of her head and wrapped his arm around her shoulders. He pulled her onto his lap as Danny sped back to the airstrip. Hopefully plan B would work out better.

---

Passion sat in the garden while her mother worked on her petunias, they had returned from Seattle the night before coming home to the news that Naomi's forces were half a day away and had grown in size. 

The Stillwater pack had been travelling by foot until the other clans had joined their march, now they travelled by car and were fast approaching. Their time was up and Passion couldn't deny the fear that gripped her. 

A representative from Oak Falls had informed the opposing shifters of where they would meet without interference from humans. Though they were on opposite sides one thing remained the same, humans should not know of their existence. 

Passion smiled as Joshua joined her on the bench, he took her hands in his and began playing with her fingers. 

Passion rested against the wood and placed her legs onto his lap, her toes kneading his crotch.

"Behave." He chuckled playfully slapping her leg. 

Passion giggled bringing his fingers to her lips, kissing each digit with adoration. Joshua smiled, reaching for her hair and twisting a lock of between his fingers. 

"Tonight I'm going to Stillwater." Joshua said. 

Passion gulped, she had known this was coming. Joshua's only hope was to defeat his mother but it didn't mean she liked it. She hated Stillwater and dreaded returning, even if it was to see the old crone usurped. 

"I want you to leave." Passion spluttered with indignation but looking at Joshua she realised he was being serious.

"Where would I go?" She asked. 

"Anywhere but here, it's too dangerous." Joshua said. 

"I know how to fight." Passion pulled out of Joshua's embrace and folded her arms. 

She did not mate with him to be dictated to the rest of her life.

"I know you can, but I love you and I don't know what I'll do if you get hurt." Joshua ran a hand through his hair irritated by Passion's stubbornness.

"It doesn't matter, I am battle pack leader I must lead our warriors into battle." She said, kissing him on the cheek. 

Joshua sighed with aggravation, once Passion had an idea there was no getting it out of her mind. He wondered when she would admit to him that she loved him, he knew that she felt it but hearing it every now and again wouldn't hurt.

"What are you thinking?" Passion asked, tracing his brow with her fingers. 

Joshua would never voice his insecurities, he feared that that was what had driven his mother away. 

Last night when Passion had gone to bed Joshua had found his uncle in the kitchen preparing a sandwich. 

Claw had offered to make him one and they had sat in a comfortable silence, eating. Claw had been the one to start the conversation.

"How are you and Passion doing?" He had asked sipping on his bottle of bud. 

"We're fine, I never thought it would be like this, like a part of my soul I never realised had been missing could be found within her." He said blushing as the words from his heart flowed from his lips. 

Claw tapped his bottle against Joshua's, a similar look of embarrassment mirrored on his face.

"That's how I feel about your aunt, each time she tells me she loves me a part of me gets stronger." Joshua had felt envious of his uncle's words, how he wished to feel the same jubilation at hearing those words.

"I wouldn't know." Joshua said before he could stop himself. 

"She hasn't told you yet?" he asked.

"No." Joshua admitted feeling very foolish, he shouldn't be sharing his marital problems with his uncle. 

This was something that would come in time and he had fully believed that, until he heard his uncle's next words.

"That's what drove the wedge between your parents. Naomi could never say those words to my brother and in the end he resented her for it." Joshua choked at this revelation, his mother had never been forthcoming with 'I love you's' but she had told him enough times. 

"How do you know this?" Joshua asked.

"Zachariah and I were very close, when he was dying he would often talk about his misgivings and your mothers. If there is one thing you take from this it's that you can't force love, and without it you will kill yourselves." Claw had said before leaving Joshua to mull over what had been said.

---

Passion wondered what had made Joshua so quite, one moment they had been joking and playing with each and the next he was acting distant and withdrawn. 

She didn't think she had offended him yet when she had walked up behind him to give him a hug he had laughed out of her embrace, making some excuse about meeting with other council members. 

Now she stood on the airstrip as Claw and other warriors stood before the jet. Escorting him to Stillwater was Vladimir, Danny and Dravo. 

Boris Tsarev's had managed to call in some bear family members and for that they were grateful. Something inside of her told her to go with him but he had made it clear that he preferred her in Oak Falls.

"Look out for each other boys." Samantha said hugging her sons then Joshua.

Brent argued with his father about something before joining the group of men.

"Dad said family should stick together." Brent grumbled pulling Joshua into a swift hug. 

Marie and Spectre stood beside Passion, silently lending her their strength.

"He'll be back." Marie said in an attempt to alleviate Passion's worries, but she only succeeded in making them worse. 

Steeling herself Passion walked to Joshua her eyes never leaving his face. For the first time that day he truly smiled at her though his eyes held a great sadness. When she reached him he cupped her face, brushing his thumbs against her cheekbones. Passion dipped her head as he kissed the top of her head. 

"I love you." He said, kissing each eyelid, her nose and ending at her mouth. 

Passion grasped the back of his head devouring his very essence. The uncertainty and fear associated with what they were about to embark, flooded through her pores making her actions desperate. 

"Make love to me." she whispered into his ear as he pulled her flush against his body. 

As if they too understood how important it was to feel another body, the other shifters pulled away giving them some privacy. 

Joshua led her to the plane opening the door to the private compartment used to sleep in when they were in wolf form. Sinking to the makeshift pallet Joshua rested his head on Passion's stomach holding her tightly like a child to his mother. 

Passion ran her hands through his hair, tracing the contours of his face committing each feature to memory. 

What if I never see him again? The thought ran rampant in her mind and she couldn't dispel the fear of Joshua dying. 

As if he shared the same fears, Joshua began peeling off her clothes. First her jeans, his fingers shaking as he popped the buttons. Passion pulled the t-shirt up and over her head, her nipples hardening in the cool air. 

Joshua looked up at her, his eyes darkening with lust, his tongue flicked out against her skin tentatively at first. Passion moaned, leaning into Joshua's body as he took a nipple into his mouth sucking as if to draw out nectar. Hooking her legs around his waist he laid Passion onto the bed his mouth never leaving her breast. 

"Joshua." She whimpered, her grip finding purchase on the furs as he worked his way down her body. 

His tongue stroked her skin, worming its way in her bellybutton his hands coaxing her open. Passion arched as his fingers entered her pumping and caressing her sensitive spots. His free arm lifted her up placing her thighs upon his shoulders. 

Passion cried out when his mouth replaced his hands. She could feel him, his tongue running up and down the moist lips, sucking at her throbbing nub. She could feel the pressure building within her, like elastic, ready to snap. 

"Oh God!" She cried. Her hands reached out for Joshua's pulsating heat, pumping her hand up and down, revelling in the feel of him growing harder. 

Joshua groaned clamping down harder on her clit causing another surge of ecstasy within her body. 

"I want to pleasure you." Passion panted, her breast rising and falling quickly. 

"This is for you." Joshua said. 

Passion smiled tenderly at him then used her legs to push Joshua onto his back, she turned them onto their sides and took him into her mouth. 

Joshua held her as she worked her way up and down his shaft, his fingers shook as they ran along her cleft rimming her opening. He hissed as she moaned, the vibration from her throat bringing him to the brink. 

Careful not to hurt her Joshua withdrew from her then pulled her onto his lap. Passion wrapped her hands around his neck burying her lips to his throat as he entered her. He filled her so perfectly and not just when they made love but in her heart and soul she could feel him there, she never wanted to let him go.

Joshua was startled when he felt the cool drops of tears on his skin, he attempted to look at her but she shook her head moving against him slowly. He ran his hand over head, whispering words of comfort. 

"Come back to me Joshua." Passion said. 

He could hear the sorrow in her voice, her grip tightening as he moved against her. Joshua found comfort in her slick heat as she thrust against him. He growled as her teeth sank into his flesh, falling back into the pallet he held her hips urging her against him. 

Like an ethereal being she rode him, her braids slapping against her breasts as he plunged in and out of her. He would never forget the sight of his blood trickling from her lips, lifting her wrist he bit into her vein bringing them both to a soaring release. 

He drank from her, tasting every thought, emotion and feeling. Howling he dragged Passion to his chest kissing her forcefully on the lips. It was bruising and harsh but they found solace in the fierceness of the embrace. 

Passion sighed, fighting the exhaustion that threatened to consume her body. Joshua rested beside her, he held her as if he never wanted to let her go. 

She watched his sleeping form, the tension that had been building over the days appeared to have left his body. 

Tucking a lock of golden hair behind his ear she kissed him gently on the lips and left. Before Brent boarded the plane she made him promise to watch over Joshua.

"If anything happens to him I'll hold you responsible." Brent nodded his head then quickly hugged her.

"Take them down Passion." Passion hugged him back briefly then pushed him towards the plane. 

She stood back with the others as it took off and prayed that Joshua would return to her.