 Note to readers: Okay so this is the penultimate chapter so get ready to say goodbye to Passion and Joshua. We've had a long journey to these last two chapters so please enjoy.

------------------------------------------------

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Joshua could feel something ominous in the forest as if eyes were tracking them. He had woken up to find the bed empty and the hum of the engine vibrating beneath him. 

Leaving the room he had found the bears sleeping in the loungers, their snores fighting the turbines for supremacy. Brent looked up from his book his eyes bloodshot as he sent the Tsarev's a contemptuous look.

"Do you think they realise just how loud they are?" He asked making room for Joshua. 

Joshua yawned scratching the stubble on his face wincing as Dravo snorted. Smiling he motioned for Brent to follow him, moving as quietly as possible they pinched Dravo's nose.

"Gwah!" The bear growled thrashing is his seat. 

Brent did the same to Danny who swatted at his hand. Joshua roared with laughter as the brothers looked about them bewildered. 

"Bastards." Vladimir had said good heartedly. 

...

Joshua stopped, narrowing his eyes and pinning back his ears, his tail went stiff as he heard a twig snap. 

Brent tilted his head listening for anymore evidence of their assailant. The bears stopped up ahead also noticing the wolves' behaviour. 

A potent scent of human sweat teased Joshua's nostrils and a glint of something silver caught his eye. 

There was someone there and with a weapon, with a bark of warning Joshua leapt at Brent as the rifle went off. The bears reared back on their hind legs, bellowing they charged towards the bushes. 

Brent winced as the weight of Joshua's body pressed into his ribs, using his muzzle he nudged his cousin. Joshua didn't respond, instead he rolled off Brent his tongue hanging from his jaws. 

Brent whimpered noticing the blood on his fur, it was Joshua's. Shifting Brent ran to where the bears continued to thrash in the brush but there was no sign of their shooter. 

"Joshua's down." He told them rushing back to his fallen cousin. 

Joshua emitted shallow pants his paw twitched as he tried to lick his wound. Brent rubbed Joshua muzzle while Dravo inspected his wound. 

"The bullet is lodged too deep to take it out, but he's going to die if we don't." Dravo said.

"How do you know that?" Brent asked. Dravo lifted his long hair revealing two large scars.

"Shotgun." Dravo said, rubbing them before covering them with his hair. 

Brent swore clenching tufts of Joshua's fur in his hands. They were closer to Stillwater than the airstrip, they could only keep going forward. He didn't relish turning up with Naomi's son near death in his arms.

"We move faster in our animal forms, but how will we get Joshua there in one piece." Vladimir mused. Brent searched the area around them.

"We'll make a pallet and attach it to Danny. He's the biggest out of the three of you." Brent said scrambling for fallen leaves and twigs. 

In a few moments they had made a crude sled, using stripped bark they tied it around Danny's torso. Danny growled taking a few steps forward. 

"It will have to do." Brent said shifting back into a wolf. 

Moving at a slower pace but still faster than a running human they journeyed to Stillwater. 

Vladimir was the first to feel the fissure of electricity as they neared the fence. Surveying the area Brent couldn't see any possible way in and wondered how Joshua and Passion had escaped the first time. 

Brent looked at Dravo who was sitting on his hind legs, Dravo caught his eye and nodded his large head. Carefully Brent clambered up the dark bears back being careful not to pierce him with his claws. 

Brent yelped as Dravo slowly stood up, knowing he had only once chance at leaping the fence, Brent bunched his back legs and jumped. For a split second he didn't think he was going to make it, twisting mid air he dropped to the other side on his back. 

The wind got knocked out of him and he could barely breathe, gasping he scrambled to his feet. Shaking of the dry foliage that clung to his grey fur he lifted his nose and tried to pick out Naomi's scent. 

If it was one thing he was truly gifted at it was memorising scents and his aunts stood out like a beacon. Taking a few steps forward he felt something synthetic beneath his paws before the trap was triggered.

The bears roared in protest as a dozen wolves crept from the bushes. A naked woman approached, her black hair was arranged in a multitude of plaits. She walked towards Brent, a dagger appearing in her hands. 

Brent tried to fight away from the cool metal but knew shifting would cut the circulation in his leg. 

"Brent Oaken, I used to change your diaper when you were nothing but a pup. How dare you sneak into my home?" She snarled grapping handful of his fur she brought the knife down. 

Brent winced as it bit into his flesh. Brent watched at the fur fell from her hands settling on the forest floor.

Naomi hissed as she caught the scent of blood. Her pupils dilated as she realised it was her son's. Naomi walked to the fence where the bears reared back bellowing when she drew near. 

"Turn off the fence." Naomi said. The blue light flickered out like the fall of a million fireflies. 

Two wolves shifted into human form, opening the gate. Danny walked in, hesitantly watching the wolves as they gnawed at the ropes. Naomi rushed to the pallet running her hands through Joshua's fur. He mewled searching for her heat with his nose.

"You're home now." She whispered motioning to her women. 

They lifted Joshua into their arms and headed towards the Stillwater house. Turning to the bears and Brent she smirked. 

"Take them." She ordered. 

Though the bears were twice as big as the wolves there were too many to take on. Decided not to aggravate the situation any further they shifted allowing their hands to be cuffed behind them. 

Brent swore as he was cut loose landing on his head. Barking as the other wolves laughed Brent lifted his head as a muzzle was applied to his face. This wasn't exactly what they had planned but at least they were in Stillwater.

...

Passion paced back and forth waiting for the Stillwater army. Their scout had returned for the last time with news that their numbers had doubled and had the full backing of other wolf packs as well as a bear clan. 

She still didn't understand why Naomi was staging such a full scale attack upon them. It would make more sense if she had tried to steal Joshua back but to declare war upon Oak River was ludicrous. 

"She has gone crazy." Marie said when Passion had asked. 

They had travelled to a plot of land big enough for the coming fight, if Stillwater won they could take over the Oak River pack and make it their own. 

The humans wouldn't understand why all the old inhabitants had left but Naomi obviously didn't care. Even the elders had never seen a battle of this magnitude.

"The days of war are over, there are too many humans in this world to fight for power." Lena had said. 

That was why Semati had challenged Joshua to a one on one, it was unheard of for so many packs to congregate. 

"This is why mates should be picked with care. the DNA imprinted makes it impossible to be without one another for long periods of time. The psyche knows when it's other half is not around." 

Tina had said. 

Passion shook her head, Naomi was a liability not only to wolves but too all clan specie's. If Joshua couldn't reason with her then he would have to kill her. 

"They are here." Spectre said, shedding her clothes. 

Grey fur sprouted along her skin as she fell to the floor. Passion followed suit watching as dark silhouettes moved against the horizon. 

Like black locust the wolves came snapping and growling, their hackles raised and their teeth bared. That was a signal if there ever was one. The Oak River packed howled before racing forwards. 

A large black wolf rushed towards her snapping at her heels, Passion whirled sinking her teeth into its hind leg. Yelping the wolf thrashed trying to dislodge her grip. Passion swiped at its muzzle drawing blood. 

The wolf backed away running back to its pack. Passion spat the blood from her mouth noticing Spectre backed into a corner by three bears. 

Shit. She thought running up to them. 

She grabbed the first by its tail and bit down hard, but she wasn't quick enough to escape his kick. His claws raked the underside of her belly and Passion whined feeling the stinging sensation of blood pulsating out of her body. 

The bear turned his full attention on her and with a terrifying growl ran towards her prone body. The pain from her wound was so intense that she couldn't get up. 

She shut her eyes bracing herself for the impact but it never came. Snapping her eyes open she saw a blur of white sink his teeth into the neck of the bear. 

Joshua?

The white beast was joined by amber lions, their fur glistening beneath the setting sun as they roared tearing into the bear. 

It was bloody and horrifying but Passion felt no remorse. The beast stood over his kill, his white mane bleached with blood. 

It was the Artashir. He walked towards her, nudging her paws away from her wound and licking the deep slashes on her underbelly. Passion squirmed under his touch but stilled when she felt the pain ease. 

The Artashir purred butting her head with his, coaxing her up. All around them the Artashir's pride overwhelmed the Stillwater pack. She had never seen so many lions or so much blood. It hadn't had to come to this, if they had just left Joshua with his mother perhaps her wolves would not have had to suffer. 

Passion leant against Alyssa who helped her walk to where the others were huddled. They had managed to drive back Naomi's warriors. 

Those that had not fled were helping the wounded and gathering the dead. There were casualties on both sides. 

Passion whimpered as she saw her fallen comrades, those that she had fought beside ever since she was recruited as a fighter.

"No!" Spectre wailed over Lucas's still wolf form. 

His throat had been sliced so deeply his head remained attached to his body through his last remaining tendons.

Claw nursed a broken arm as he over saw the burial of the human and wolf corpses. Passion shifted wincing as the wounds stretched but whatever the Artashir had done it was already healing. 

"Mate of Joshua, I believe my debt is repaid." The Artashir said shaking her hand, his army of lions waiting for him in the distance. 

Passion smiled with gratitude then felt a stabbing pain in her chest. Looking down there was no sign of blood but it hurt like 

hell. Eyes widening with shock she realised what it was.

"Joshua." She cried falling to her knees, the pain was overwhelming and burned its way to her heart. 

The Artashir caught her as she passed out. 

"We must go to the mountains." He said to lions, who growled with irritation. Marie pushed her way through the crowd.

"I'm coming with you." She said placing her hand to Passion's pulse. 

The Artashir looked at the she-wolf and smiled, like the woman in his arms she had spunk. Assertive females always appealed to him. 

"Let's go."

...

Joshua woke up in his old bedroom. Everything was as it was the night he had left, the vase of flowers on his dresser had wilted and the blinds were still drawn. 

The gunshot wound was sore but he could tell that his mother's nurse had managed to take the bullet out and had cauterised it. He had felt the hot blade sear his flesh, waking briefly from his unconsciousness. 

"Glad to see you are awake." Joshua started as he heard the voice from the corner of the room. 

It was Marcus. Joshua smiled sheepishly sitting up in the bed. He came up short, looking down at his wrists he found them bound in chains.

"You have got to be kidding me." Joshua swore. 

Marcus laughed coming further into the light. Joshua gasped, seeing the collar around Marcus's throat. The chain had been nailed to the wall so that Marcus could not reach Joshua's side to release him. 

"I am sorry brother." Marcus said sitting on the floor. 

"I am sorry, I shouldn't have gotten caught." 

Joshua lay back on the bed trying to figure out how to get out of his current predicament. He wished he knew where Brent and the bears where, but there was no way he could get out of the chains. 

After a few minutes of picking at the silver links, Joshua gave up. Aware that his mother would see him eventually he held on to the hope that she would see reason. 

Suddenly the bedroom door slammed open revealing a furious Letia. She held a tray of food and slammed it on the desk before rounding on the men. With a growl she launched herself onto the bed and began punching Joshua. 

"Letia calm down." Marcus said trying to pull her off Joshua, his fingers barely touching her. 

Letia ignored him slamming her fist into Joshua's 

jaw. Blood spurted from his nose and mouth. 

"Letia!" Marcus roared. Letia instantly stopped her assault. 

Slowly she got off Joshua and smoothed out her dress, her knuckles bloody from her attack. Joshua coughed blood spilling from his lips which he wiped into his pillow. 

"I love you too Letia." Joshua coughed, using his tongue to feel for any loose teeth. 

"Do you know what they did to Marcus after he helped you escape?" Letia screamed.

"Letia leave it." Marcus said avoiding eye contact with Joshua.

"They neutered him." she whispered, tears running down her cheeks. "We can never have children because of you!" She yelled grabbing hold of Joshua's hair, wrenching his head back. 

Joshua cried out at the force of her grip, but he deserved no better. He hadn't realised his mother could be so cruel but now he realised that his mother was insane.

"I am sorry." He said bearing his throat to Letia. 

He knew that she would revel in slitting his throat. He had deprived her of the one thing every female wolf cherished.

"Don't listen to her, she's exaggerating. Naomi only severed one tube I can still have kids." 

"It was a warning, I don't want you being punished because of him." Letia said sitting on Marcus's lap. 

"I'm sorry, once this is over I'm getting you guys out of here." He said. 

Rattling the chains. Letia tutted then withdrew a key from her back pocket. 

"Where did you get that from?" Marcus asked hugging her when she unlocked the padlock around his neck. 

"You're not the only one who can be seductive." Letia retorted. 

Marcus gaped at her as she turned to Joshua and released him from his chains.

"Who was he?" Marcus asked grabbing hold of Letia. Letia laughed kissing him softly.

"It was a she." Joshua laughed as Marcus looked stunned.

"We have to rescue Brent and the bears." Joshua said as they snuck into the corridor. 

Letia gave him a pointed glare before she nodded. Joshua didn't know how to react being back in the house, he had been so used Oak River that this place seemed almost alien to him. 

They crept downstairs into the living room where Naomi stood with two of her personal guard. She was on the phone to someone when she heard their footsteps. 

"You have failed me again Marcus." She said though her attention was Joshua. 

"Mother, this has to stop." He said approaching her warily. Naomi cocked her head and sniffed the air, her lip curled in response.

"You are mated." When Joshua nodded she grabbed him by the throat. 

Joshua held completely still looking her in eyes, silently egging her on. With a snarl she threw him back. She paced the room furiously, when she reached the corner table she toppled it over in her anger. 

The other wolves looked at each other in confusion. Joshua knew what they were thinking. Now that he was mated he was now Alpha of Stillwater. 

His mother no longer had any power. Joshua signalled to Letia who walked to her comrades, whispering in their ears they nodded. 

"Don't touch me." Naomi hissed as they came towards her. "Retreat, we have no more use for bloodshed." Naomi said into the phone. 

She then walked up to Joshua and lifted her hand expecting him to flinch away from her touch. Instead he leaned into her palm rubbing his cheek against her hand. Untying the feather from her hair she plaited into his. 

"Mom..." Joshua paused as she rested her fingers against his lips and kissed him gently on the cheek.

"My crimes cannot go unpunished. Your woman is on her way here." She said, and then she walked away. 

Joshua finally breathed. His mother was stepping down from her position as Alpha but at the cost of terani, a battle between two bitches to the death. 

Joshua roared slamming his fist against the wall. He didn't feel the sting of plaster embedded in his flesh but instead felt the wilting bud of hope. Passion was a great fighter but his mother was even better. 

"You have a mate?" Marcus laughed slapping him on the back. 

Joshua smiled at his friends exuberance accepting his brief hug. Even Letia congratulated him wishing him luck and many pups. 

"Effie and Tanya, I want you two to watch my mother." He said. The two guards nodded and left the room. 

"What now?" Marcus asked. Joshua sighed, running his fingers through his hair, bumping against the feathers his mother had put in his hair. 

"We wait for Passion."

...

Passion sat in front of Joshua's mother twiddling her thumbs as the woman assessed her. It was uncomfortable boarding on the unbearable and again she asked herself why she had been cursed with such a dysfunctional mate. 

Not only had he gotten shot but he had now usurped his mothers position, which meant she would Alpha of the Stillwater pack. If she was able to defeat Naomi in combat. 

"You are the bitch who took my son." Naomi said, her words harsh but her tone holding no malice.

"And you're the bitch that tortured him." Passion retorted.

"Touché." Naomi laughed. "You know you and I are much alike." She said. Passion laughed.

"How are the two of us alike?"

"We are both strong women, with strong emotions. How much of yourself do you keep hidden from my son?" Naomi asked leaning back into her chair. 

Passion was completely thrown by her question. No one had ever read her so easily and she didn't like it.

"I hide nothing." Passion lied, picking at her nails. 

She refused to reveal anything about their relationship to Joshua's psychotic mother. 

"That was what I thought, but in the end I was wrong. I loved Zachariah, it's easy to say it now that he is dead." Naomi said wistfully. 

Passion lifted her eyebrow at the sudden nostalgia that overtook Naomi, this she hadn't expected.

"Why are you telling me this, Joshua knows..."

"You may leave, at sundown we fight." Naomi said cutting her off. The woman was obviously crazy and Passion couldn't move faster towards the door.

Passion left and searched for Joshua. She found him sitting on the porch steps leaning back against the railing. 

It was as if he were absorbing sunlight itself as the breeze played with the lightest wisps of his hair. 

Passion cleared her throat sitting on his lap when he opened his arms up towards her. She wrapped his arms around her and snuggled close to his chest.

"I thought I lost you." She whispered kissing the area where he had his scar. 

Joshua squeezed Passion tightly rubbing his face in her hair, finding comfort in the soft fragrance of peaches and oranges. 

He didn't want her fighting his mother, he couldn't bear losing her. Naomi was crazy enough to kill Passion. She would anything to keep her place as Alpha.

"Don't worry about me." Passion said stroking the bristles on his cheek. 

"How did you know what I was thinking?" He asked pressing his cheek against hers.
