 Note to readers: Sorry for the delay, no internet for almost a month and exams have stopped me from uploading, plus trying to get a few chapters written for the second installment of the Dark series. Please enjoy!!!!

-------------------------------------

The wolves bayed as the sun set casting formidable shadows that heralded the battle about to take place. They sat in a circle just outside of the fence in a glade usually used for sparring. 

Tonight a real battle would take place and for the first time life's blood would drench its earth. Brent lay in his wolf form growling at the thought of Passion and Naomi battling to the death, but in the end he held no power over the Stillwater pack and could do nothing but sit and watch as the events unfolded. 

Marie hugged his shaggy neck in an attempt to soothe him and Brent nudged her cheek with his nose before growling all over again. 

Joshua sat crossed legged on the grass next to his cousin. Patting the wolf's head he waited for the ceremony to begin. 

A number of the men from the pack brought out drums and began to beat them in a steady rhythm that mimicked the beating of the heart. 

The howling became high pitched as Passion and Naomi entered the ring both in their wolf forms. Joshua gripped the soil beneath him trying to find solace in the feel of it between his fingers but it just felt like dirt. What he wanted now was Passion back in his arms. 

"Sisters and brothers, tonight we have terani." The wolves yipped and howled as Letia's words echoed in the glade. 

Compared to his large, black timber wolf mother, Passion was tiny in comparison. Her features were more coyote than wolf but she was a wolf none the less and he knew that she would do everything in her power to defeat Naomi.

"Passion Oaken, mate of our Alpha battles Naomi our fallen Alpha." Letia said. The wolves' howls became silent. 

Passion and Naomi circled each other, occasionally one would snap at the other before retreating back. 

Joshua couldn't bear the tensions of the fight and just as he was about to throw himself in the middle of the ring they attacked. 

Passion ran at full speed towards Naomi aiming for her throat. Naomi foresaw the attack and dodged her attack grabbing the small wolf by the tail and flinging her into the air. 

Passion howled as she landed flat on her back the fall jarring her body. Naomi gave her no time to regroup as she bore down on her, her jaw snapping at her muzzle. 

Passion drew up her paws using the strength from her hind legs to push Naomi away from her. The small reprieve was enough for Passion to get away. 

Whimpering as her back leg gave in she hobbled to the furthest part of the circle. The drum beat got stronger and stronger as Naomi ran full force towards Passion. 

Rearing back Passion ran out of her way, her small lithe body made her faster than Naomi and she was able to evade her. 

Panting for breath Passion tried to figure out what the best plan for attack would be. She couldn't keep dodging Naomi's attacks, eventually all her energy would be exhausted and then she would have no defence. Naomi snarled her ears pined back as she ran full force towards Passion. 

Joshua growled as his mother slammed into Passion ripping into her foreleg, the small red wolf whimpered using her claws to scramble away from the larger wolf. Joshua tore at his clothes shifting as he did so.

"What are you doing?" Marie hissed.

"I have to save her." He yelled just as he mouth turned into a muzzle. 

Marie tried to hold onto him but in his wolf body he could easily shake her off. The other wolves turned on him snapping at his paws as he tried to break into the circle. 

One wolf grabbed him by the ruff and pulled him back. Joshua fought her off chomping on her ear and slashing at her throat. He had to get to Passion, if anything happened to her he'd die. 

He couldn't bear the thought of life without her and he would kill anyone who got in his way. Ripping through the wolves he made it closer to the circle, bounding forward. 

Running faster he slammed into his mother's side catapulting her across the circle. Growling he stood protectively in front of Passion. If his mother wanted Passion dead she would have to go through him first.

---

The man looked through his scope and swore. His master had never told him just how many of the devils would be at the gathering. 

He had watched the two bitches tearing into each other and had hoped that they would have killed each other. Now that his target was involved in the fight, there was no way he could get a clear shot without drawing attention to himself. 

"Damn you." He muttered, taking the safety of the rifle. 

Looking through the scope he kept his aim steady smiling at the demon stood to protect his bitch. 

"You are mine." He laughed pulling the trigger.

--- 

Naomi's ear twitched as she heard the sound of a guns safety being taken off. Catching the glint of metal in the corner of her eye she realised that there was someone lurking in her home.

Giving a call of warning to her pack she raced towards Joshua and his mate knocking them to the ground just as the bullet whistled through the air.

Joshua slammed into Passion as his mother's full weight hit him. All around him the glade burst with activity, the wolves ran to where the shot had come from and their growls were punctured with the sound of gun shots. 

He felt Passion wriggling beneath and made room for her to get out from under him. Something sticky and wet seeped through his fur covering his skin. Shifting into his human form he picked up his mother and cried out as he felt blood.

"Mom...Mom!" He shook her but she just flopped lifelessly. 

"Here let me." Passion said having flashed back into a human. 

Placing her hand at Naomi's side she felt for a pulse. Leaning towards her muzzle she listened for any sign of breathing but there was nothing. Joshua nudged her, his eyes hopeful as he continued shaking his mother.

"I'm sorry Joshua." She said. Joshua shook his head and began to laugh. "Honey." 

She soothed stroking his neck, Joshua's laughter turned into tears as he sank his head in his mother's fur. His shoulders shook with the force of his sobs as he cried out for Naomi to awaken. 

"Guys you might want to see this." Dravo called.

Passion tucked a strand behind Joshua's ear kissing him softly on the cheek then got up to see the wolves pinning down a body. 

He was dressed in all back with a variety of weaponry on his person. He was young for someone with such an arsenal of guns and curiosity won out over her anger. 

Crouching she grabbed his face with her hand pinching hard. The man continued to stare contemptuously at her refusing to say a word. 

"He won't talk." Brent said, kicking the man in the ribs. 

Though he flinched his stare did not 

lose its intensity. Passion slammed his head against the ground finding satisfaction as he cried out.

"Who are you?" She snarled baring her teeth. 

The man smirked and spat in her face. The wolves growled tightening their grip on his arms and legs, blood seeped from where they held him down. 

Passion wiped the spittle from her face then clenched her fist slamming it into his face. The man's eyes widened briefly then they lowered as foam bubbled from his lips.

"Damn it, he must have had a capsule." Vladimir swore opening the man's mouth to find a bright red shell in his mouth.

"Man kills himself instead of tell us his name, said man is suspicious non?" The Artashir harrumphed. 

Passion grunted turning to where Joshua sat with his mother's body whispering a Native American prayer. Fearing that she was intruding on an intimate moment Passion stayed back as the Stillwater pack carried her body. 

Joshua looked up as if searching for something, then she realised that it was her. Running towards him she wrapped her arms around him rubbing his back as he wept.

"I'm here baby." She crooned. 

They walked together as the procession made their way deep into the forest and that night they buried the old Alpha and welcomed the new one. 

---

Passion stood patiently as the males applied chalk to her face. Joshua's cousin Paul plaited beads in her hair feathering her locks about her face. There was a small scuffle by the door and when she turned she saw Joshua bearing a bouquet of flowers.

"You aren't supposed to be here." Remus said, scowling good naturedly. 

Passion could see that Joshua was surprised by his cousin's words, and it was obvious that his cousin didn't usually interact with him that way. 

"Leave us." Passion said, the blue printed gown hugging her waist, flaring down to the floor. 

Passion blushed as Joshua knelt down before her and hugged her waist. Her hands brushed his fringe from his eyes to better look at his penetrative gaze. 

"This doesn't feel right." She whispered nuzzling Joshua's palm as he cupped her face. 

Joshua sighed, feeling the same. How could he be Alpha of one pack and his mate Alpha of another? Instead of voicing his fears he allowed Passion to have this moment. 

She had been underdog too long to have it taken away from her, she deserved to be in her rightful place. 

"I want to offer Marie the position." Passion said. Joshua looked up stunned by her confession. 

"Why would you do that?" he asked.

"Why wouldn't I, you are my mate and my home is in Oak Falls." She replied lowering before him. "I'm already Beta and now I'm Alpha, what could this position give me but unhappiness. I don't want to be without you." 

Joshua tried to bite back a smile but he couldn't help it, Passion never spoke so intimately towards him. 

Usually she scolded him and tried to hide her feelings but not now. If was as though they were truly seeing each other for the first time. 

"You really want to give your title to Marie?" Joshua asked, wanting to make sure that she fully realised what it was she was giving up.

"Joshua, we have the Oak River pack. It just wouldn't be right. Naomi sacrificed herself to save us. I can't benefit from that." Passion whispered kissing him softly on the tip of his nose. 

Joshua was humbled, and wished that his mother had been around to see just how great Passion was. 

"Ok, if Marie agrees give her the title." Joshua said. 

Passion squealed hugging him close, they knelt embraced like that for a while until Remus knocked on the door lamenting about the ceremony.

"Please call Marie." Passion said wiping the chalk from her face with her sleeve. 

Joshua stood up pulling her up with him untying the decorations from her hair. Passion smiled gratefully, allowing the dress to fall to the floor. 

Joshua growled upon seeing her nakedness. Passion smirked turning in his arms and draping her arms around his shoulders. 

"You called." Marie burst into the room Brent short on her heels. 

Passion giggled as Joshua blocked her with his body. Covering herself up with a dress on the bed she addressed Marie. 

She was slightly surprised to see Brent with her but figured that if Brent was screwing someone else then he wouldn't interfere with her life. Joshua stood of to the side, his arms crossed firmly across his chest eyeing Brent with disdain. 

"I want you to take my place." Passion said addressing Marie. 

Marie's eyes widened in shock before she gained composure, looking at Joshua for affirmation on what Passion had just told her. 

"Our home is in Oak Falls." Joshua said. 

"But me, of all people?" Marie spluttered. 

Brent went to pat her on the back but Marie shrugged from his touch she needed her head clear to think about what Passion was offering her. If she had been mated to Joshua she would have gotten this position anyway, but for it to be handed to her so easily. 

"Marie, I know you can do this." Joshua walked towards her and pressed his forehead against hers. 

She looked into his eyes and gained strength from the confidence that shone through. Stepping away from Joshua, Marie approached Passion and took her hand in hers. Resting her head against her knuckles she nodded. 

"I will be honoured." Marie said. Passion hugged her briefly placing the intricate gown on her arm. Taking Joshua's hand they left the bedroom. 

Marie ran her hand over wrinkles in the dress, relishing the feel of the embroided floral pattern on the azure silk. She was aware of Brent watching her but ignored his presence, there was nothing left to say to him. 

"If you will excuse me." She motioned towards the door setting the dress on the bed. She heard the door close and gave a sigh of relief, she couldn't face Brent now. 

"So I guess this is it." Marie started at Brent's deep baritone, a part of her was happy that he had ignored her but she quashed those feelings quickly.

"Did you think there could be more?" She asked finally looking at him. That had been a bad idea. 

How could she face him knowing that she was going to have to let him go, what had started out as a fling had turned into something deeper. 

"Marie don't do this." He said hesitantly reaching out for her. 

Marie side stepped him and walked to the door. There was no way she could wait and see how their relationship developed, her duty was to her people now. 

Marie opened the door leaning against the door frame, waiting for him to leave. Marie's eyes tracked him as he walked to the door, before leaving he looked at her.

"It's not over." He said then left. Marie shut the door firmly behind him, pressing her head against it.

"Yes it is." She whispered a lone tear trailing down her cheek.

---

"I don't think we'll ever find out who that guy was." Danny said as they flew back to Oak Falls. 

Joshua frowned, the shot had been aimed at him. Instinct told him that it was the same man who had targeted him earlier when they had been in the forest. 

Someone must want him dead real bad to be that persistent. The others believed that it was a one off attempt but Joshua knew better, no one killed themselves over a failed mission unless they feared the wrath failure would bring. Now his mother lay dead because of it. 

"Are you okay?" Passion asked noticing how quite Joshua had become. 

Smiling he nodded then looked out of the passenger window. There was no clue as to who killed his mother and though he didn't believe the threat was over, he knew there would be a small reprieve. Days, weeks, months, years he didn't know, but the next time they came for him he would be ready.

Touching down in Oak Falls the pack was there to greet him. His aunt hugged him tightly obviously aware of what had taken place in Stillwater, she kissed him on both cheeks her eyes brimming with tears. 

"I am so sorry about Naomi." She said. 

Joshua thanked her for her sympathy and though the pack wished to celebrate their victory Joshua wasn't up for it. 

He had just buried his mother and it didn't seem fair that he should be partying when her body wasn't even cold. 

As the shifters proceeded to the Oaken house, Joshua made his excuses and left for the Moore house. 

He relished the calm the lake brought and sat in the grass picking at the blades of grass. Laying on his back he stared at the moonless sky that was littered with diamonds. 

He liked to believe the two stars winking at him were his mother and father reconciling through death.

--- 

When Spectre had told Passion that Joshua had left early she had instantly known where he would be. 

She walked out into the garden where Joshua lay inches from the water. As quietly as possible she sat beside him kicking of her shoes, using her toes to massage the earth. 

"You're missing the party." She said picking the strands of hair that feathered the grass. 

Joshua shifted closer to her resting his head against her thigh his hand caressing her ankle. 

"I just wanted to take a break." He sighed shutting his eyes. 

Passion felt her heart sink at the thought of him not wanting to be around her. During the terani he had come to her defence blocking her from Naomi's attack, yet now that she was dead he appeared to have gone back to his old self. 

Would he have resented her if she had been the one to kill his mother? The thought didn't bode well for their relationship.

"This isn't about you." Joshua said as though he had read her very thoughts. 

Passion had never believed that mating would make them so in tuned to one another and though telepathy was not possible amongst shifters, what they had seemed close to it.

"If I had killed your mother would you have hated me?" She asked scared of his answer.

"Of course not. I would lay down her life and mine for you." Joshua said sitting up and pulling her into his arms. 

Passion snuggled against his chest, his legs arching on either side of her like mountains. In that moment she had never felt so protected and loved. 

Watching the ripples in the water they sat in silence for a while until Passion couldn't bear it.

"Why have become so withdrawn?" Passion finally asked.

"It was something Artashir said. When his people had been killed, they caught one of the attackers." 

Joshua rubbed his chin against her crown, his hands trailing down her neck to the top of her breast. Passion giggled elbowing him in the ribs.

"Wildcat." He growled in her ear rolling them both to the ground. Passion lay on top of him her head cushioned by his chest.

"The guy they found bit down on the same capsule." Joshua finally said. 

"This is bad Joshua." She said hugging him tightly. 

The only people who operated that way were the Hunters. The Hunters believed themselves to be deliverers from evil, believing that shifters fell under that category. 

"We have to tell Marie, he must have reported that there was a pack in Colorado." Passion said.

"The Artashir has already given her the warning, she's moving them further north." Joshua said, rubbing her arms, protecting her from the cold only he could feel. 

Passion didn't bother telling him she was fine, she knew that it was more for his benefit than hers.

"You know this could be a one off attack." Passion said sounding hopeful but they both knew it was only wishful thinking. 

Times were changing and something was coming, something that would affect their way of life forever. 

---

Leon walked into the den as his pride slept. He had well over one hundred lions in his pack and the number was growing each day. 

It helped that he was the sacred Artashir although most days he wished he was just like the normal lions, leaving all the big decisions to the pride leader.

You are the pride leader dumbass. As well as leader over all lion clans. Being an Artashir sucked. Leon sighed walking up the few steps which led to a large velvet pallet. 

All around him lions and lionesses snored, their large jaws snapping in the air. If he had been human he would have been frightened but these were his people and they would never harm him.

"Artashir." Leon winced as he realised who was sleeping in his bed. 

Lanai lay naked before him, draped in sheer silk. Her dark hair ran in ringlets to her hips, she was tall and lithe with piercing amber eyes. 

The most beautiful out of all the lionesses, she believed herself to be his mate, he on the other hand preferred the warmth of more than one body. 

Lanai purred as he shed his clothes joining her 

on the bed, her nails were painted blood red and were long. She ran them down his chest in an attempt to entice him.

"Lay off Lanai." He grunted pushing him away from him. 

Lanai hissed then shifted into a lioness, she bounded of the bed bumping a large lion with her head. Leon frowned as the male lion mounted her. 

Though he wasn't looking forward to hearing hot lion sex he was far too tired to order them to stop. Travelling in planes was not his forte and he hadn't planned on the trip to Colorado. 
