 He held me still before him as he sang about marching armies and victorious battle, new government and food aplenty. When Perikos was done he tightened his hold on my wrists, neck and waist and thick, muscular tendrils coiled around my upper thighs, pulling my legs apart and exposing my dripping heat. I was definitely achieving what Perikos had been training my body to do for nearly a month and a half. I was getting sex and fear confused.

I heard songs in the throng of darkness around me. There were sharp staccatos of longing, lilting notes of curiosity and rumbling, percussive outrage at my presence. I felt my pulse hammer in my throat as I tried to close my legs involuntarily but Perikos held me splayed wide before his followers.

"I can't do this. What if we lose control like last time?" I tried to whisper but it came out closer to a squeal as my breath died in my throat. Hundreds of tendrils, some hardly wider than a thread and others thick as freight cable, twisted and waved slowly toward me.

"My Generals and Second flank us. They will intercede if needed. This is necessary. You may try to fight if you wish, Jayn, since the futility may fuel your fear. Since I will not allow them inside you, your fear is extremely important."

The alien blackness seemed to reach at me as one and I did fight. I couldn't help it. I tried to wrench my wrists away, to close my thighs and cover my nakedness. I didn't even manage to hurt myself trying, there was just too little give. I felt my adrenaline surge as I felt cold waves wash over me again and again and I willed my pulse to slow since I could feel it thrum against the tendril around my neck. I was exhausted from trying to struggle and I felt dizzy, wholly disoriented as the first Other tendril touched me.

It stopped almost directly between my breasts, over my heart. I was sure it felt the vibrations from its beats in the otherwise still air. The other tendrils suddenly froze, suspended centimeters from me, some of them, waiting for the First to judge my worthiness or something.

The tip of the tendril slid from over my heart under the crease of my left breast, winding a cautious, gentle circle around it before resting its tip on my erect nipple. 

"Breathe, Jayn," Perikos said and until I heard his whisper I hadn't realized how long I'd been holding my breath.

The length on the tendril tightened slightly, just enough that I could feel its pressure and the tip wound around my nipple like a noose and tightened slowly but continually. I moaned at the mix of pain and pleasure and managed to shift my body enough that my breasts swayed, catching the tendril off guard. It slid away from my body a moment before it returning to wind around my nipple again before giving it an almost painful tug. I groaned loudly enough to startle several others.

"One moment, Friends," said Perikos. A thick tentacle I recognized as Perikos' drew up between my legs from behind me, getting between the waiting tendrils and my hips. From the tip it began to split in four, like an enormous lily in bloom. I felt my brow furrowing as I watched.

"Perikos?" I managed to keep it to a whisper this time.

He didn't answer me but the tentacle stretched its petals wide and enveloped the whole of my puffy, swollen sex. I cried out as Perikos's tentacle settled over me. I felt several thin, flexible tendrils poke up inside me as the tentacle took up its slack from behind me. Its thickness split my ass cheeks wide over it and I squirmed as little tendrils inside me wiggled again. I felt a much thinner tendril nudge my chin and I turned my head just as a long, thick tendril pushed itself into my mouth and kept going before stopping just short of my gag reflex. I felt the tentacle at my sex raise me off the ground and the others that restrained me assisted to try to take some of pressure off the cleft between my legs. I felt something narrow but painfully dry poke itself from the tendril between my legs into the pucker of my ass. I squirmed again, hopeless suspended, impaled and subdued.

"Break no skin and take only your share. You may touch anything I have not restricted. Enjoy, my Friends."

I felt like the night sky was falling. I was blinded completely by darkness. I couldn't make out notes or tunes anymore, just a strange white noise like running water. A very fine tendril of Perikos' pinched my throbbing clit and I shrieked, rocking helplessly over the tentacle I was suspended from. I felt every inch of skin was being touched, tickled or licked. If my experience the night of my arrival of was overwhelming, then this sensation of being perfectly covered and surrounded was almost numbing in its intensity. My thighs and knees, calves and elbows, the creases between my fingers and toes, the shell of my ear and outside of my nose were all stroked, pinched, rubbed and teased. I felt tendrils in my hairs, against my scalp, catching the drool at the sides of my mouth and stroking and swatting my swell my breasts and ass, the curve of my back, my nipples and navel, my armpits, collarbone and the nape of my neck. Perikos tugged at my clit again and I came before I knew I was on the edge. I felt my body begin to shake then, already overwhelmed by the physical attention and I felt other tendrils, other owners fighting to get at me, to feel my skin and drink in my arousal, my fear.

The penetrations in my pussy and ass began to grow, though not as drastically as I was used to from Perikos. I felt them remain mostly still within me, taunting me, holding me still on them while Perikos plucked at my clit again and again. I tried rocking my body back and forth over them, tried laving my tongue over the length of the tentacle in my mouth. I suckled at him, mewled and moaned at the stillness of my penetration but still he teased me. 

A moment later my breath was stifled as inquiring blackness before me invaded my nostrils. Oddly, it felt like water and I thrashed for a moment, unable to inhale. Then tentacle in my throat pushed deeper, past my gag reflex and towards my lungs. He hollowed himself out as he had done before, delivering air to me directly but the full assault on the rest of my body continued.

More than one tentacle rained down a series of light but stinging blows to my breasts, back, ass and thighs. Perikos' tendril strummed my clit again and I felt another wave of ecstasy crest within me as I came again. I felt my pussy flood the tendril between my thighs and I struggled in my binds, trying to rub myself hard against the slickness. I needed something in me, something blunt and big and rough. 

I tried opening my mouth even wider, anything to intensify my penetration instead of just hypersensitizing my skin. I felt a little foreign tendril search out the corners of my mouth and try to invade, sliding over the points of my teeth before moving to press upwards at the roof of my mouth. Perikos must have felt them also because he swelled in my mouth, stretching my jaw open painfully to expel the intruders. He kept my mouth open wide now and instead of burying himself deep in my throat, he began to pump, pulling almost all the way out of my mouth before plunging fully down my throat. I was grateful I could breathe through the tentacle because I had no hope of breathing around it. It wasn't my ass or pussy but at least some part of me was finally being taken properly.

I felt hundreds of thinner tentacles on my bottom half wind around my calves, ankles and feet and fold them or bend them, tease them and stroke them. They held my ankles off the ground fully so I needed to lean toward on the tentacle between my legs so as not lose balance. It forced me to expose more of my ass and even more tendrils kneaded, rubbed, massaged and spanked the newly exposed skin. I tried to shift, to relax my legs and hide my exposed ass but the tendrils in my hair held me still, winding around thick sections to subdue me. I felt dozens of thin, nearly ticklish tendrils caress every exposed bit of skin on my face and neck. Perikos pressed down hard against my poor, engorged clit just as the tentacles at my breasts squeezed hard and renewed their twisting, pulling torture at oversensitive nipples.

"Please!" I tried to beg Perikos but ended up nearly gagging on the tentacle fucking my throat, my plea lost entirely in its girth and speed. I felt my eyes watering, felt tears blooming from my blind eyes as I tried again to gain enough purchase to press myself down harder on the two small phalluses within me. It was much too much outside of me and not nearly enough inside me. Could a person lose their mind from need? Could you die from too much stimulus? I wanted to die, I couldn't help thinking, if I couldn't get him to fuck me like I needed.

"Please!" I couldn't understand my own words but maybe Perikos could. He had before. He had to know what I needed, what I was willing to do to get it. "Anything you want. I'll do anything." I tried to whimper into the only solid thing inside me, my gag.

Maybe Perikos had wanted me to beg or maybe he just realized I was nearing my breaking point, I didn't really care which. The soft, thin tendrils inside me began to expand, splitting me painfully till I could feel more than three of them wriggling, stiff and strong inside me, reaching deeply, ticking my cervix and holding me wide open. The tendril in ass widened without warning and I was sure it tore me but I didn't care. I don't think I was capable of feeling pain. It lengthened until I felt my guts cramp painfully. Perikos held me quite still for just a moment, paused all his internal ministrations for just a moment while I felt hundreds of tendrils turn me, twist me, stroke me and spank my nakedness. I felt him clench my clit so tight I almost screamed and then he began to pound into me, every insertion slick, deep and painfully thick. He rubbed me raw from the inside out and I remember feeling every Other tentacle at my body try to assist Perikos in fucking me. They forced me to split my legs as wide as I could and still I gasped from the strain. The ones in my hair yanked my head back so my chin pointed skyward and Perikos could plunge into my throat faster, less carefully than before. The tendrils at my breasts slapped and milked and choked up on the beads of my nipples and I only remember my memories fading when one thin tendril pushed past my cervix just as I felt something deep inside me cramp. I bit down hard out of shock on the tendril in my throat and the last thing I remember was something thin and coiling so tightly around my clit it felt like it was trying to cut off circulation. Then I remember seeing stars.

" --have no reason to suppose that this attack will work, let alone that we have the resources necessary for battle."

The air around me was cool but still and the surface was wonderfully soft. I had been dreaming about flying over the Chezza Valley back on Ferox 4 just after the Rains. So many colors, so many things in bloom. I didn't want to open my eyes to total darkness.

"You doubt Leader's strategy?"

"I doubt his experience. He is young."

That voice. Something about it. Where was Perikos? Not here, or they wouldn't be talking about him.

"If you intended to claim control of this regiment you should have done so before now. They trust him. He has fed them, prepared them and we will march in less than an hour's time."

"And if we are ambushed, rerouted or revealed as amateurs, idealistic child soldiers and nothing more you shall see it is because Leader has ignored my guidance in this matter."

Shadow! My eyes snapped open and I saw a darker patch of black only twenty meters away. I glanced around slowly, carefully. No sign of Perikos. Why would he leave me here? He hadn't let me alone more than twice in as many weeks and never longer than a few minutes. 

"You are so certain Leader is not ready for victory?"

"You are certain he is ready? Victory is not a matter of justice, it is a matter of skill and power and they remain to be seen. Ugly alien troughs are novelties at best -- they do not win wars," said Shadow.

I tried carefully to shift my legs to stretch but I felt my tears and soreness from what I was sure was only a few hours ago. I whimpered, louder than I'd meant to.

"What?" Shadow turned and I could tell without knowing how that he had noticed me, could feel my presence in the air. "What is it doing here?" Its music was shrill and abrasively loud.

"Sixth General was to guard it. I do not see her." The other creature answered. 

"Perhaps it snuck away from Sixth General. It deliberately disobeyed Leader!" Shadow's tune was louder still, its furious notes reaching a fever pitch.

I climbed to my feet, stubbornly choking back whimpers and groans of pain from my thorough use earlier. I strained my eyes to see if I could see Perikos nearby but it was just too dark.

"Alien! You should stay here and await Leader's return so he may punish you," said the one who wasn't Shadow. They were moving towards me slowly. 

"When Leader is unavailable I carry out all duties in his stead. I will punish it," growled Shadow.

"I do not think -- "

"I am First General, it is for me to decide!" shrieked Shadow.

I turned on my heel and began to run. I was too slow from the heavy gravity and everything between my legs ached and burn in a kind of wicked torment but I had to run. I fully expected to be stopped, tripped or grabbed -- they were certainly fast enough but neither of them interfered as I willed my feet to move faster, concentrated my entire being into sprinting as fast as I could towards a the sea of blackness ahead of me. I charged forward, not caring who I touched or collided with until something thin but strong wound itself around my bracelet and I fell forward from the sudden stop.

"Jayn?" Strong tendrils scooped me up and set me back on my feet. 

"Why did you leave me up there with Shadow?" I asked, aware we were fully surrounded by his soldiers. I didn't care. "I told you what I thought about him and you still left me alone with him!"

"Little Shade, I left you with Sixth General."

"Well, he's friends with Shadow then!"

"Sixth General is female," said Perikos.

"No one female was there! Just Shadow and whoever he was talking to. And you might be interested to hear what he was saying! He said -- "

"Come with me, Jayn. We depart in several minutes, you may tell me from the frontlines." Perikos bound me up in his mass and moved away from the crowd of curious (but not bloodthirsty or frightened) soldiers. I kept my mouth shut as a sort of goodwill gesture.

"What has upset you?" Perikos asked me when we had moved toward to front and were no longer being overheard. "You were wonderful at our rally but obviously you were very depleted. I felt you would rest better away from the noise and movement but I had some last minute arrangements to make. I felt so much more confident of your acceptance after how you handled the rally that I left you with Sixth General with explicit instructions to guard you and not disturb you unless there was some sort of emergency."

"Well, I don't know about any guard but when I woke up, Shadow and his friend were there and they were talking. They didn't notice me right away. Shadow kept saying how you were going to get everyone killed because you had no experience. He said -- he said you were all idealistic child soldiers and weren't powerful or wise enough to lead and then he found out I was there. I'm sure he thought I was eavesdropping on purpose and he really hates me -- anyway, he kept talking about how it was his duty as First General to punish me, I don't even know for what."

Perikos was silent a moment.

"How can you say that what he said doesn't matter? That he's not betraying you? How can you?"

Perikos was silent a moment more. "He didn't touch you?"

"No, but -- "

"Then I am more concerned with why Sixth General left you against my orders."

I didn't want to admit that I agreed that it was a valid concern or how privately relieved I was that Perikos hadn't just left me to nap on a hilltop somewhere, convinced my troubles were over. Perikos didn't have a lot of time to think it over though. He summoned the company to attention and gave them their orders.

They would be "marching" some twenty kilometers and then would charge a temporary loyalist outpost camp, capturing it for its strategic advantage. According to our information, it was the rendezvous point for some very important loyalists who had been moving along a series of subterranean caves to avoid proper detection. There were some mutterings among the troops that the King himself was hiding out somewhere cave system, thought Perikos said he didn't believe it. Today the goal was just to capture the outpost camp quickly and before anyone there had any time to escape and get the word out for reinforcements.

Perikos continued to carry me as he led the march. I squirmed a little against his mass, trying to get a vantage point where I could see both forward and back.

"Don't you want to talk to Sixth General then, if it's no problem with you that Shadow is trying to punish me for being human? Or knowing that he's the traitor," I added under my breath.

"I have no reason to believe my Second would betray me," replied Perikos quietly.

"But what about what I told you?"

"You have not told me anything he has not. He presents to my soldiers an attitude of complete trust and obedience but in private he has said, although with more deference, just as much. And since he did not strike you or actually attempt to harm you, I am afraid I cannot hear anything more against him."

"But I -- " I said.

"As for Sixth General, I am concerned. She is, however, trusted for her reconnaissance and intelligence gathering and as I do not see her now I must assume that she resumed her work against my orders. Perhaps she felt herself above receiving mundane orders from me and she will answer for it when she returns."

"Perikos, I -- "

"I appreciate your thoughts, Little Shade, but owing to the nature of today's military exercise and the anxiety I have towards it, I am disinclined to discuss such matters with you further. I hope you will respect my wishes in this."

I sat silent for a moment, willing my anger and frustration to burn out. I felt oddly tired again for having done so little or maybe it was just the clean, graceful movements Perikos made as he drifted forward, swiftly though without effort or turbulence. 

"Perhaps you should sleep the journey and I will wake you when we get within range," said Perikos after a moment of silence, correctly interpreting my even breathing and long, sluggish blinks. 

"I don't know why I'm so tired. How long was I out?"

"Less than three hours," Perikos answered, tracing slow, even strokes over my cheeks and the crown of my head as I stretched and rubbed my eyes. "It isn't any wonder you tired. Setting aside the lack of continuous sleep you have experienced and your body's natural preference for light as an indicator of wakefulness, the physical intensity of what you experienced at the rally, coupled with the nature of feeding, I am surprised you are capable of staying awake."

"Mmm. Did it work? The feeding?" I murmured, pressing my face into the cool, thick darkness of Perikos' mass.

"Better than my most optimistic expectations. You were capable of producing a great deal of emotion for consumption before you become insensible. All that chose to partake are full converts to the importance of protecting your body, not taking selfishly and respecting your importance to me and the cause. You enjoyed the experience fully and your body tolerated the intensity of the experience. Indeed, the only concern I have for the future is the correct way to ensure each such rally contains the opportunity for new and novel sensations of arousal and fear."
