 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 63: Tides Turned

The flaxen-haired Rusalka that was leading Althaia to Ashyr sped down and into a tunnel at the bottom of the pool. And she kept swimming down and down. Then, as she said, the two of them came across another labyrinth of tunnels even more complex than the ones nearer the surface. 

Althaia swam after the water fey, torn between admiring her appearance - both for her assets and that lovely hair - and being very suspicious of her obvious malevolence. That said, Althaia was not afraid of her. As a matter of base ability, Althaia was superior to nearly any fey in the nymph family, and she was a well-equipped and skilled paladin to boot. So, she did not worry about what the creatures would do to her. She very much worried about what they might do to Caleldir and Selene while she was not there, but Caleldir was immortal, and Selene was still under the effects of that ritual that would cause her to go ethereal stasis if she suffered a mortal wound, so at very least they would survive until her return.

With this thought buoying her spirits, she swam on through the underwater labyrinth.

A while later, the light-haired rusalka previously identified as Nemanja slowed in her almost breakneck swim through the labyrinth. She looked back at Althaia and pointed up a passage that broke off from the rest of the tunnels. A ruddy light filtered through the water from that direction: very different from the blues and greens that barely lit the other areas. After doing this, the fey woman swam that way. Only a few feet later, the pair of them emerged from the water and into the evil luminance of the room.

A burbling growl greeted them, and many green-scaled creatures turned to look at the beautiful newcomers. They were most certainly the fishmen that everyone referred to. The creatures had slender bodies with long, lashing tails. Their mouths were so full of teeth that they couldn't shut their lips could not close over them. Those teeth dripped and oozed with black ichor. More terrifying, however, was the smell of the chamber. It was all together... unhealthy. Like decay and disease.

Once she emerged from the water, Althaia conjured up her armor. After all, those creatures in front of her were rather unfriendly looking. She had no idea what they were, but she could tell that they were hideously evil. Also, really ugly. So she could murder them all to her Goddesses' approval. But only if they turned violent.

Nemenja did not leave the water when Althaia did. Instead, she cautiously treaded water right where she had surfaced. The look she gave the eel-like humanoids was considerably less than trusting. Nemanja quickly spoke to them in a language Althaia was able to recognize as Undercommon, though it was much more halting and awkward than when the drow and Caleldir spoke it. They responded much more fluidly with bouncing excitement. The rusalka spoke again, and this time they didn't like her answer. But they stepped aside to reveal what they had surrounded.

And there was Ashyr, half sprawled, half leaning against the far edge of the wall. Various bites and scratches covered her body. She still wore her armor, but some of the wounds went underneath the covered parts of her body. Likely the only reason she still had clothes at all was because of her ring. Her face was grey, her eyes heavy and weak. "Yeah, fuck off... turso... thingys..." She said in common. Then she tried to stand, but her limbs gave way before this was accomplished.

"Ashyr!" Althaia called out, rushing towards her. Those bites looked... nasty. 

"Althaia!" Ashyr exclaimed weakly when she could focus on that beautiful blonde form. "I love you so fucking much right now." She muttered. Her bloodshot crimson eyes focused on the paladin with the appropriate amount of adoration for the circumstance - Ashyr damn near worshiped her presence. 

"I really would not do that if I were you..." The rusalka warned when she saw Althaia kneel in front of Ashyr and prepare some sort of spell.

Althaia ignored her, and channeled a huge burst of healing energy into the drow, as well using her paladin ability to remove all diseases. She had no idea what sort of strange things were festering in those creature's mouths, after all. For good measure, she pumped Ashyr up with another cocktail of buffs to her physical stats. Within thirty seconds, she was as good as new. Much better, in fact.

The paladin turned to the rusalka and smiled. "You were as good as your word. Now, unless you are going to be stunningly foolish and betray me here, I thank you for your help." She raised her hand, cutting off any reply. "Now, if you are going to betray me, I suggest that you first gauge my powers by siccing your little friends on me. Would not want to be caught without knowing what sort of nymph I really am, would you?" 

Whether or not the fishmen were going to attack didn't seem up to Nemanja anymore. The green-scaled creatures began to babble in a growing crescendo of agitation and anger. Two phrases in undercommon were repeated over and over, and those phrases only riled them up further.

The nymph's eyes darted around at the advancing fish things. Althaia smiled ferally at the fishmen. "You have no idea what you are in for. I will enjoy this. Religiously." She pulled her sword and shield from her pocket dimension.

"'Defiler of the Holy Taint.'" Ashyr quoted with the ghost of amusement on her features. "How d'ya like that title, Althaia?" She flexed her palms, and twin blades appeared in the drow's hands.

As she said this, the creatures began to surround the pair of them with malicious intent. The rusalka, with fear in her eyes, dove back under the water and quickly disappeared back into the labyrinth. A couple of the fishmen even angrily dove in after Nemenja. Apparently there was no need to betray the nymph after all. Althaia had done a good enough job herself of angering the hideous creatures past anyone's control.

"'Defiler of the Holy Taint', eh?" Althaia repeated. "I believe that 'taint' is the area between the genitals and the buttucks. I have certainly trespassed on many of them, some which might even be described as 'holy' but I have not defiled them. Unless my tongue has somehow become an instrument of defilement." She licked her lips, suggestively. "Now, Ashyr, you may want to close your eyes." With that, she slapped a Daylight spell right on top of the two of them, and came out swinging. These creatures were definitely worth Smiting with blade and spell alike.

Ashyr slammed her eyes shut, but even then the sudden daylight sent dull pain through her head. Fucking ow. But if the drow felt like her mostly protected eyes were burning, the fishmen seemed to be convinced that their eyes were just dipped in magma for all the screaming they did. Still with her eyes shut, Ashyr took the side that Althaia did not and began hacking into her former captors. She wasn't quite as good as Althaia was at fighting blind, but she could just about manage without cutting herself or any of her allies.

The fishmen, even in their numbers, turned out to be no match for the paladin and ranger duo. They couldn't even fight for the first few deadly seconds that the light stunned them. Very shortly after Ashyr was finally able to open her eyes, their emerald bodies were strewn across the chamber.

"Not really a fair match up." Althaia noted, returning her sword to her pocket dimension. "I am optimized against ugly, evil creatures with light sensitivity. I think they barely put up a fight. Disappointing, almost." She shrugged out of her bloodied armor, standing there in the nude. 

"Gods, those things were sick fucks, though," Ashyr commented. "I think they were getting off on making me as diseased as possible." She wiped some of their ichorous blood off her face and flicked it off of her hand.

Looking over Ashyr, Althaia shrugged. "Disease, eh? Good thing I thought to try to remove any on you. I have no idea what would have happened to you otherwise. Heck, you may have turned into one of them!" Her laugh was not of the humorous sort.

Ashyr made a face. "Where am I, anyway? The swell came, I hit my head, and then I woke up in their loving embrace."

The paladin sighed. "Rusalka took you. They enchanted you with their singing, and gave you to their pets as a toy. There were two of them, last I saw, and they seemed friendly enough as long as I was around (since we are similar races, after all), but I am worried about Caleldir and Selene. Rusalka are not all that trustworthy, and may have attacked them while I was gone. There were only two of them that I saw, though, and Caleldir should be immune to their singing, but still, we should hurry back."

"You left Caleldir alone with water fey?" Ashyr asked with a look that was almost disapproval. She let out a short, amused breath, and one corner of her mouth twisted upward in a crooked, wry grin. "Bet you ten gold he'll have his dick in one of them by the time we get back."

"I would hope not." Althaia said in mock horror. "I would hate to leave him to an orgy I was not invited to. But yeah, I had considered that possibility." The way that she had met the three of them flashed through her mind. "No bet."

Alhaia slipped into the water where the remaining blood washed off. "Do you have something that will allow you to breathe underwater?" Althaia asked Ashyr. "Most of the passages are completely submerged. I can carry you, but you will need air." She thought for a moment. "Alternately, if we pressed our mouths together the whole way, I could feed you air that way."

"No, I don't have anything to let me breathe water." Her crooked grin widened into something more lecherous. "But I do like the idea of locking lips down there... as long as we don't have to fight anyth- what was that?" The ranger was interrupted by the entire area shuddering and rumbling. There was a feeling of a sort of... breaking. Below the water, a tunnel on the route that Nemanja took Althaia collapsed. The two of them would have to find an alternate way through to get back to Rusalka Cavern.

The rumbling caused Althaia to spin around. "Oh dear. I hope Nemenja was not caught in that." She said sadly. "We may have to find an alternate route. But no matter! I can keep you breathing as long as need be. And anything that tries to fight us I will simply out-swim." Giving Ashyr a smile, she spread her arms. "You will have to grip onto me pretty tightly. And no cloth or leather or metal: it will slow me down. So, ready for the longest kiss of your life?"

"Oh, yeah," Ashyr said. With that, her clothing melted off of her skin and she waded into the water after the nymph. She quickly dunked her head under and scrubbed to get the fishmen blood off of her face and lips. Then she wrapped her arms around Althaia, gave her butt a quick, affectionate squeeze, and went in for the kiss.

For a moment, Althaia returned the embrace and the kiss. Then, she simply started breathing in reverse (must be nymph magic of some type... maybe), allowing Ashyr to breath. She then dipped down into the water and started to try to find her way back to the Rusalka cavern.

The labyrinth was void of aggressive creatures. There were two freshly dead bodies, however. The fishmen that had gone after Nemanja floated lifeless in the water. They were clawed and strangled and generally looked like they had an unpleasant last few moments. It would take the ranger and paladin a good amount of time to get back to their party, though, what with the fastest route back being blocked.

--

The iceshard that Selene formed in her desperation to protect her unborn buried itself into Caleldir's heart. Almost as one, the rusalka dropped their jaws in shock when the dark elf - meant to be their toy's distraught lover - just angrily murdered him. The fey began to become just as murderous as Selene had been.That is, until they noticed the change in their toy's body, and the fact that he was still animate and talking. They turned wide-eyed stares towards him. Immediately, his aura changed from nymphen gorgeousness to something very like the Rusalka horrifying beauty, except far more so. His undead-blue, glowing eyes snapped open, and telekinetic energy ripped out from him to release the hold that their hair had on his body. 

Goelon blinked, looking down at the woman on his dick. 

"So... this is what sex feels like." He said in that terrifyingly deep, resonating voice. "It is better than I imagined." He glanced over at Selene. "Thank you for summoning me. Now, you are a liability. Disappear for a bit while I negotiate with these creatures." 

Strangely enough, Goelon looked far less angry than he normally did. Then again, he resembled nothing so much as a very powerful male Rusalka, right down to the identical aura.

With a wave, he hit Selene with a portent Ethereality spell, sending her into that plane. She would still be able to watch and listen, but the Rusalka would have a far harder time trying to get her.

Goelon sighed. "I do not know your name, Rusalka," he said to the one on his dick "but that feels good. I never feel good. Do not stop, or try to leave, or I will be very angry."

The one on his dick had a bit of a delayed reaction to it all, for her eyes were closed as she pleasured herself on him. But then she heard the deep voice that, by all rights, should not have come from the relatively weak male she had been riding. She opened her eyes and froze in her place sitting on his manhood. That was... she was... the dark elf... and now... What?! With a completely bemused expression, she resumed the sensual roll of her hips as... whoever it was she was coupling with asked.

Goelon, who was, of course, partly transparent (it was possible to see the ledge underneath him), smiled at the rusalka riding him. Normally, his smile was downright terrifying, since it usually meant something awful was going to happen, but right about now it was almost halfway genial. "Yes... count yourself fortunate, woman. If that did not feel so damnably good, I would probably have killed you by now."

Opening his eyes, he looked towards Rostimira. "Explain yourself, matriarch."

"What... what are you?" Katia asked. She didn't even seem to notice that she was missing one dark elf now.

"Shut up." Rostimira told her tersely. "I blame you for this." Katia turned crimson and slid out of the alcove. The leader ignored this, instead she turned her attention back to Goelon. "What would you have me explain that I have not already?" She asked with a stubborn set to her jaw.

He sighed, a breathy sound. "Frown not, Rostimira. You are in luck. Normally, when I manifest, I kill every living thing around me to build up enough energy to turn back into Caleldir, since it is so much less painful being him. But, you creatures are special. You resemble me in the best ways, so I am inclined to let you live."

Propping himself up on one of the pillows so that he could better survey the gathered Rusalka, he grinned again. "I know what Caleldir knows, although he does not know what I know. So, I know what you have said so far. This is what I want you to tell me: I hate Faust, and am going to kill him. Caleldir just wants to depose him, but if I get my way, he will be very, very dead for all of the pain that he gave Caleldir and Ashyr. I hate him. So, why are you working for him, and not for me, your natural leader? Why, it is clear that we are of a kin, but I am spawned from the very progenitors, and you are merely the lesser descendents. Faust matters not. Abandon him, or face my wrath. Caleldir is incensed with you for threatening to kill his mate and their child, and although I am well disposed to you, I still feel some of that wrath. And do not try to escape, I can follow. Anywhere. I do not need to breathe, can sense lifeforms, and can phase through solid matter, can fly at twice your fastest speed, and can kill with a touch."

His grin this time was downright hungry. "So, explain this to me, why should I not kill all of you?"

The lesser rusalka were quite clearly becoming more and afraid of the beautiful undead horror they had just been misusing a few minutes ago. It seemed that they reacted to his aura alone - so close to theirs, yet so much more powerful. They were unused to encountering any single person who was stronger than any one of them (with the exception of Faust and some of his men). He even seemed more powerful than Rostimira, and she was unusually strong even for what she was. They began quickly providing him with whatever he seemed to want. At the moment, it seemed to be pillows and pleasure. Katia handed him the most comfortable of the expensive cushions. The quicksilver-haired fey slid in behind the one riding Goelon to assist her sister with the motions of her hips. 

"We did not know that the dark elf was with child." Rostimira admitted. Of course, it very likely would not have changed their actions. Selene and wasn't one of them, and neither was her child; they were disposable. 

The ghost-king seemed to find the sudden obsequious servility of the brutal fey rather amusing. He clearly liked to be in charge, far more than the unassuming Caleldir generally did. Now comfortably propped up so he could observe the rusalka as they courted his favor, he reached out one hand to tenderly, but possessively stroke the cheek of the one riding him. He gave her an approving look, and then turned his attention back to Rostimira. "You did not know that she was pregnant, did you? Would it have even mattered to you? While I admire your keen sense of sadism (raping the man in front of his mate: classic!) you need to be wary of who you antagonize that way. If nothing else, you failed to notice that the Nymph was a no ordinary member of her race, and would have been likely to slaughter half of you if you killed her companions." He shook his head. "But, no matter. You know better now. Be sure only to torment those without the strength to bite back, unless you are really just that bored." Goelon was probably not a very good moral role-model, although it seemed likely that tales of his cruelty were moderately exaggerated. "Now, you still haven't convinced me not to kill you."

The leader of the fey cleared her throat. "We are with Faust because he is strong. He has protected the waters of our motherland. We are despised by other natives of our land. They try to erase us from existence. But as long as there are rusalka here to protect his city, our kind can call on him to be our protector again."

She paused, swallowed, and drank in the sight of his partly transparent body and, more importantly, his potent aura. Lust burned in her eyes brighter than it ever had for Caleldir. "If Faust is defeated, we will happily transfer the contract to you. We will give you daughters to protect your conquered city." Her fingers hesitantly lifted to caress his chest. "We can... do other things for you as well, if you wish." She added with a meaningful glance at the two rusalka straddling him.
