 Torec turned out to be a Minino. The tiger-like pleasure slave was brought to her by Katadre herself. The raven-haired guard looked at Angel with rage.

"If I find one mark on him..." The woman cut herself off short, her chest heaving with barely contained violence.

Torec's eyes narrowed as he looked from his mistress to Angel. 

The golden-green eyes had a slit pupil, and his pointed ears poked through his fall of orange and black striped hair. Though he wasn't as tall as Devon, his body was a study in sleek muscle and sinew. It was all covered in the slightest hint of fine hair giving him a striped appearance. Angel stared fascinated at Torec's tail, as it whipped in irritation behind him.

"He's a cat," she said shocked.

"He's my cat," Katadre practically hissed.

Angel looked back at Katadre and saw her love for this creature, though she was sure the woman would never admit her feelings for the Minino tiger.

"Just leave him and go. I wish to rest." Angel saw Katadre's eyes widen just before she turned and walked toward the bed that dominated the center of the rooms allotted to her in the glass and metal castle. When she turned it was to see Torec kneeling at his mistress' feet, hugging her. Katadre had her fingers in his hair, stroking, her lip trembling. Angel almost gave in and told her to take her precious pet, but one look at Devon, who still knelt on the floor, head bowed, made her want to make the woman suffer a little while longer. After all, she had wanted to take Devon from her.

Angel winced, realizing she was beginning to think of Devon as hers. She knew once she found the missing Edenian Master Guardians, Devon would no longer be her concern.

Katadre looked back at Angel, her eyes moist. "He needs to be fed often. He eats meat. I also give him cream in the mornings and just before rest cycle." She ran her fingers through Torec's mane again. He was purring, rubbing his face against her. "His mane needs to be brushed often."

When Angel remained silent, the guard looked back up. "Please don't hurt him."

"Why would I do that?"

Katadre's eyes narrowed, her nostrils flared. "You hit your slave. I saw you. How could you hit some poor blind pet?"

Angel felt herself flush. She hadn't been expecting the guard to say such a thing. It changed her perspective on how women treated men on this planet.

Not knowing what else to say, she turned on her heel and clasped her hands behind her back, not bearing to look at the other woman. "Go now. I won't hurt him. You have my word."

She didn't leave right away, but after a long while, Angel heard the door to her rooms close with a decisive click.

Taking a deep breath, she turned once again.

Torec looked frightened. Angel thought it odd that such a huge, strong male could be frightened of her. She knew Mininos had sharp claws and fangs. He could rip her throat out effortlessly.

Angel rubbed her temples. She did not enjoy playing the part of mistress. She abhorred anything that had to do with slavery.

"Go rest...both of you."

Torec slinked away to the large cushion at the foot of the bed, but Devon remained where he was. He hadn't said a single word.

She walked over to him and lifted his face to hers. He flinched at her touch and turned away.

Angel fought the urge to sink her fingers into the wealth of ebony satin that was his hair, pull him up and... "What the devil is wrong with you?" The sound of frustration in her voice made her grimace.

She saw his throat move as he swallowed. "How can you act like nothing happened?" It was barely a whisper, but she heard him clearly, understood him perfectly.

Still, she needed to analyze her riotous emotions, needed more time to put in perspective what she was undoubtedly starting to...crave now. "Devon, what in Hades are you talking about?"

His eyes began to glow as they rose to hers. She gasped and looked at Torec, who'd settled himself belly down on the cushion. Even though his head rested on his crossed forearms, his big eyes regarded them with curiosity, his tail flicking back and forth between his claves. Since Devon's back was to the other pleasure slave, she knew Torec couldn't see Devon's eyes lighting up again like laser beams.

She glared at Devon. "Eyes."

He frowned. "I don't understand you."

Angel leaned over until her nose almost touched his. "Your eyes, Devon. They're glowing again," she hissed.

His breath puffed out, frustrated, confused, his eyes searching. "I hurt you." She watched him sink his fingers into his hair and pull. His chest was heaving as if he were having trouble breathing.

She was honest enough with herself to admit that she'd wanted Devon...still wanted Devon.

"It was a dream. It wasn't real," she lied.

His eyes widened. He couldn't have looked more shocked. "A dream," he echoed.

"The punch was real though." Her scowl deepened, "For coming all over me. "

Now his jaw dropped.

"Devon, your eyes," she repeated through clenched teeth.

Slowly, the luminescence faded and his gaze became blank once more.

***

Devon's mind reeled at her words. A dream? Or a vision?

A light tug at his throat. He allowed Angel to lead him to the slave cushion behind him. There was someone else with them. Whoever it was, purred like a cat, but Devon sensed that it was a humanoid male.

Angel's footsteps led away from them. A cool, rain-scented breeze wafted over his bare skin. She'd gone out on the balcony. He could feel the warmth of the Utuduodian sun warming his skin. Something swiped over him. A tail?

Devon turned his head, focusing a bit of his power on the being next to him. His skin tingled with awareness. The cat-man was staring at him. Again, the tail swept up his leg, settling between his thighs. The tip tapped thoughtfully against his crotch. Devon frowned and reached down. His fingers encountered soft fur. The urge to stroke the warm softness was almost overwhelming. Torec purred louder.

"Have you always been a slave?" Devon carefully placed the inquisitive tail on the cushion beside his leg.

"Always," the deep voice purred, the tail coming back between his legs to caress against his belly. Torec shifted on the cushion, his aroused scent growing stronger. "And you?"

"Always," Devon repeated, hearing the snickers of his ever-present tormenters.

"Such sadness in your voice."

Devon shivered a bit when he felt a clawed finger sweep his hair from his face.

"If you belonged to my mistress, you would not be so sad...and unloved."

"Ang-" Devon caught himself before he finished saying her name. "My mistress doesn't mistreat me."

"Spoken like a true abused pet."

Those clawed fingers combing against his scalp gave Devon goose-bumps. Torec maneuvered himself behind Devon, his purring growing louder. "If mistress Katadre were with us right now, she'd have us both fucking her." Devon's body reacted to the sensual stimulation, his cock stirring with mild curiosity against the loin cloth bound around his hips. The cat-man gave a low rumbling chuckle as he nuzzled Devon's neck. "Or perhaps she'd have us fuck each other as she watches. She likes that too."

Devon started when a warm, rough tongue licked up his neck. It felt like wet sandpaper. The loud purring by his ear was driving him mad too...with arousal much to his dismay. He swallowed, a little taken aback with his heated reaction to the tiger's advances. His hands came up to pull Torec's exploring hands from his torso, the sharp claws carefully sliding against his skin. Devon froze when his hands encountered soft fur. Torec's skin was wonderfully fuzzy. As if they had a will of their own, Devon's fingers stroked Torec's forearms. Minino. He'd seen pictures of this species, with their human bodies and feline attributes.

Sharp fangs pressed against the back of his neck. Torec growled long and low, his purring incessant.

"Your skin is so white. What species are you?"

"I don't know." He really didn't.

The tiger's nose ran up from his shoulder back to his throat. "You don't smell like a vampire." That arousing rough tongue rasped at Devon's ear, making him moan. "You don't have pointed ears like a fairy."

Torec's tail slipped into Devon's loincloth, wrapping itself around his rigid flesh. Angel's scent tickled his nose and he realized that she had come back into the room. Devon twisted in Torec's arms. What must she think of him? Would she feel disgusted?

The tail around his cock tightened, making him bite back another pathetic moan. "I want to fuck you. Your mistress seems entranced by us."

What?

There was knocking at the door. The sound of Angel's footsteps echoing in the chamber distracted him, his head turning in the direction of the sound. With a sharp tug, Torec broke the tie that held his loincloth between his legs. Devon gasped and tightened his thighs, but the silky material dropped away from him, releasing his aching shaft.

Torec growled again, pressing his fangs to the back of Devon's neck once more.

"Shit," Devon hissed. "Stop!"

He tried to pry the strong arms away from him, but Torec only stiffened behind him. Again the rough tongue lapping at the spot he'd been biting, the purring deepening. "Would you prefer to fuck me then? That would be nice too."

Devon opened his mouth to reply, but a chorus of exclamations startled him.

"Oh, how beautiful!"

"Absolutely stunning."

"How can you keep your hands off them?"

"Barahd, join in."

"You too."

More weight made the slave cushion dip. Hands and tongues caressed him. Devon felt himself bombarded with sensations on all fronts. Different scents, laced with heavy arousal wrapped around him. He heard sighs, and groans, but Torec's purring almost drowned it all out. A pair of lips wrapped around his cock as his shaft was devoured in someone's hot, wet mouth. Lips and tongues lapped and suckled at his hard nipples and another mouth slanted across his, probing for access within. Torec's cock was sliding between his ass cheeks, lubing him up with the Minino's oily precum.

The person kissing his mouth had rough stubble on his face and it was chaffing Devon's smooth skin.

Devon felt his erection begin to wilt. He wanted Angel. He didn't want to be publicly devoured this way...and by nothing but men. He pushed and tried to free himself from the pleasure slaves' sexual assault.

"He's not used to being pleasured." Reproach laced the feminine voice

"I only just got him," Angel replied, an edge to her voice.

Devon heard her determined steps draw closer. "Move away from him," she snarled.

He was left shivering, on his knees as the warmth of the bodies surrounding him sprang away. He heard the rustle of clothing, the shifting of weight on the cushion before him, then the distinct feel of a hard feminine body, with small pert breasts press to his. 

Angel, what are you doing?—he said to her telepathically.

"Shut-up," she whispered just before her lips crushed his.

Her mouth plundered his with a hunger that left him bewildered. It felt as if the more time she spent with him, the more her resolve to remain a virgin diminished. She kissed him as if she wanted him with the very fiber of her being. Was he emitting some pheromone that was making her act this way? If so, he wouldn't take her innocence knowing her ardor was induced. He wanted her to want him because she really did, not because his body was drugging her into arousal.

Untangling himself from her, he slid down to the cushion, lying on his back and positioning his head between her thighs. The scent of her arousal was heady and made him ache. He'd give her pleasure, but wouldn't take any from her. He grasped her hips and pulled her down to his mouth. Her flavor burst upon his tongue like ambrosia. He smiled when he felt her spreading her legs wider. He licked at her, feeling the burn of desire in his own neglected cock. As her aroma filled his lungs and her taste drove him to agony, his balls tightened, making his cock twitch.

Her legs were shaking and she lowered herself atop him, her breasts pressing against his stomach and her pants fanning his sensitive shaft. God, her mouth was so close to his tortured flesh. Without thinking, he arched his hips in supplication.

His sharp groan of ecstasy bounced off the walls of the chamber when her mouth seized his turgid shaft. He arched his back, his mouth open, his fingers digging deep into the succulent mounds of her ass. Oh, yeah, she had a pretty ass. Pretty, heart-shaped, female...Teeth on his aching flesh startled him. She growled and ground her wet heat against his mouth. She wanted-no-demanded her pleasure.

He opened his mouth and licked, making her whimper, the sound reverberating through his groin. He was going to cum...any moment now. Her mouth lowered closer to his pelvis with every dip, until he felt his head dipping right into her convulsing throat, swallowing his full length down. It was too much. The agony of holding back his orgasm drove him insane with need. He writhed underneath her, licking and sucking at her sweet flesh in abandon. Warmth bathed his face as she shuddered, gushing her passion into his mouth, sending him over the edge as well. Fire ripped down his spine, constricted his balls and exploded through his cock in pleasurable spurts, filling her waiting mouth to overflowing. He swallowed her liquid honey as if dying of thirst, reveling in her muffled moans around his twitching flesh.

His heart pounded in his ears, he pressed a kiss to her moist folds, feeling a peace he hadn't felt...

There was silence around them. No voices taunting, only the soft sighs and moans of the other occupants in the chamber engaged in sex around them. The devils were silent...gone.

"Angel, I..."

She moved away as if burned before he finished confessing his love.

***

They had all retired to the sunken bath located to the right of the bedroom chamber. Angel kept her distance from Devon.

What in Hades name was happening to her? She wanted him...desperately. But why? How had this infernal longing developed within her?

His eyes, blue like lightning, stared at her...or at least they seemed to be. The blinding luminosity was missing, but the heavy, black fringe of lashes that surrounding those gorgeous orbs only made them stand out more.

She turned her gaze away to no avail, the image of his milky complexion with ribbons of wet black pouring over his chest was emblazoned on her retinas. Damn his attractive ass!

Angel smirked. Now she was beginning to sound like him in her thoughts. Not a good sign.

"What will you do once you return to your home planet?"

The casual question served to bring her thoughts back to the dilemma at hand. The missing Edenian Master Guardians.

"Actually I was planning on visiting the Edenian solar system." Angel looked up at the interested female faces around the pool-sized tub.

"Edenia. Didn't they just find one of the ancient Master Guardians?"

"That's what I heard," Angel assured." Those bastards were responsible for the war that annihilated half of my people. The entire council was massacred when they were on their way to the summit. The civil wars that broke out on my planet were devastating."

"Some planets were completely obliterated by invading aliens. You should consider yourself lucky not to have been one of those less unfortunate souls."

Angel had to look away for a moment. It felt as if she'd taken a blow to her stomach.

Angel.

Devon's voice sighed through her mind. When she looked up at him, he'd bowed his head, stricken. The woman standing next to him was caressing his wet locks and whispering in his ear.

A surge of jealousy assailed Angel. She wanted to go over to the blonde female and punch her in the face. She had to bite her lips to keep from screaming at her to get away from him.

The others stared at her curiously, their glances going from the blonde warrior to Angel.

"I want to see the bastard responsible for so much devastation," she finally said, hoping they'd think the murderous look she knew she had in her eyes was due to the theme they were discussing. Of course, she didn't miss the way Devon flinched when she spoke.

He couldn't be responsible for what happened. It didn't make sense to her. Something else was at work here.

"I've always wondered about that. It seems strange to me that they would plot this apocalyptic war, and then disappear."

Angel studied them closely. It dawned on her that they really didn't know anything about the Master Guardians being captured in suspended animation orbs. Then again, none of them had been alive at the time. The war had ceased over a hundred siglons ago. 

"They were very powerful. I've heard many rumors about them."

One of the guards laughed, tossing her brown hair over her shoulder, "Madgral listens to her pets' gossip too much."

The one named Madgral scowled. "Lotekin was in Edenia when the war broke out. He aided a vampire named Drakken escape from the Mercurian prison of that solar system. Drakken and he were in the same holding cell for years. Lotekin still bears the marks of the vampire's bites on his skin."

"The vampire took his blood and yet your pleasure slave still helped him escape?"

Angel shivered. 

Madgral turned her dark eyes to her. "Lotekin assures me that he willing gave his blood and body to the vampire for sustenance. In return the vampire protected him from the other inmates."

"Aren't you afraid he might have picked up the vampire virus? That war happened over a hundred siglons ago, and he's still alive?"

Madgral smiled. "Lotekin is a shifter. A dragon. Their kind can live for about a thousand siglons. Lotekin is only three hundred. He's still considered very young for a dragon. He was a mere boy when he was imprisoned in the Edenian solar system for...solicitation."

Angel didn't know whether to be shocked or amused. A dragon whore.

Madgral looked at the man with the blue hair nestled against her. A dragon? Him? The woman tilted his head up to her smiling face and Angel blinked in wonder at how gold his eyes were, framed by cobalt lashes. Visions of a blue dragon with golden eyes filled her imagination.

"Tell them, my pet. Tell them what you told me."

The blue-haired Lotekin blushed. "Umm. " He looked unsure of himself, his eyes casting furtive glances around the occupants of the tub. "Drakken said there were fallen angels posing as humanoids amongst us. They were plotting to turn us all against each other so that we'd destroy ourselves."

"Fallen angels? You mean Seraphians...reapers?"

"No." Lotekin answered the raven-haired guard that had questioned him. "Angels from the realm of Ainrodonel."

Angel had heard of the existence of these divine beings. Her own beliefs confirmed their existence, stating that the goddess Venushti had been one before giving birth to the women of the Venushtian race after being forcibly taken by the Merutian god. Hence the reason the men of their race lived on a separate planet.

"That's nonsense," the raven-haired guard sputtered with a scowl.

Lotekin cringed and looked to his mistress for reassurance. She caressed his wet locks and frowned at the raven-haired guard. "Watch your tongue, Hahira. Your snappish tone frightens the pets." She hugged Lotekin to her chest as if to soothe him.

Hahira only scowled deeper. "Fallen angels? Have you any idea of how ridiculous that is?"

"Not any more ridiculous than our sacred fertility orbs."

Angel swung her head back at the new voice behind her. Deep red hair flowed down to the woman's ankles. She looked like a younger version of the queen.

The women stood and bowed their heads, their hands pressed over their hearts in reverence.

"Princess Victory."

The pets climbed out of the tub, Torec hauling Devon behind him and prostrated themselves at her feet.
