 Devon headed to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. This time, his angels did not try to stop him.

A few moon cycles had gone by. He lived in the wilderness of the planet of Arboria, foraging for food, sleeping very little. The nightmares grew bloodier, the visions more realistic.

His angels still tried to reach out to him, but he shut them out of his mind.

Angel's image tormented him. He longed for her, just to hear her voice, touch her hair.

"It's better this way," he tried to convince himself. "I'll only end up killing her."

"And while you turn into a hermit out here, Lucien makes designs on your woman."

Devon tensed and did his best to ignore Samael's voice. The black devil chuckled. "How pathetic. They're going out tonight. All of them."

Devon knew that. Seth had spent the greater part of the morning begging him to show up.

"Lucien will be taking Angel with him.

The pain that zinged through his chest was almost unbearable. My Angel.

"Yes, master, your Angel. Why you don't go and claim what's yours is beyond me. You're the one she desires."

"She's better off with Luke."

"She loves you... Luke she feels sorry for. Hardly fair for the poor bastard, if you ask me."

"I'll hurt her."

The devil sighed. "You won't hurt her."

"I've seen it. I've seen her lying at my feet in a puddle of blood."

"Yes, you have. But you've never actually seen yourself deliver the killing blow, have you?"

Devon frowned, and then turned toward Samael. "What are you saying?"

The black devil shrugged, his brows raised. "You're forgetting that there's still a traitor amongst your precious angels."

Devon shot to his feet. "I thought... Who? Who is it?" he snarled.

Samael snorted, "How the hell should I know. The pact wasn't made with me."

"Pact? What pact?"

"It's complicated, dark prince."

Devon stiffened at the mention of that title. "I'm not..." He took a deep breath. "Who made a pact and why?"

"Well since you're dragging your feet at taking your father's throne, we have a second choice."

"What?" Devon's mind reeled. "Who?" Only Lucien and Seth were almost as powerful as him, and he couldn't fathom either of them actually stupid enough to want to open the gates of hell.

"I'm not in charge of the second choice. Don't even know who it is. But they know." He pointed at the horde of devils around Devon, hiding, and chuckling in the shadows surrounding him. "Ask them."

Devon snorted. "Like they'd answer. They only fucking thing they know how to say is master."

The snickers in the shadows increased as well as the chanted master.

Samael smirked, shrugging his shoulders again. "So, you're just going to let Lucien fuck Angel."

Again, that pain. He knew the devil was taunting him, but he also knew that sooner or later Lucien would have Angel. The gift of her virginity would be his.

"Well, she's not that much of a virgin you know. You did fuck her ass..."

"Stop... what? But that was a dream."

Samael laughed, throwing his head back, his white fangs gleaming. "She's a better liar than me. Gullible, master. Not only did you cum in her ass, you made her taste your essence. You marked her as yours. Now you're giving her away to your second in command." The black devil shook his head, clicking his tongue. "Master, just take the woman, and bring her with you to our realm. She'll be our princess. Our lord won't harm her when you set him free. Just wait. Lucifer will be very appreciative."

"I'm not dragging her down to hell."

"It'll only be temporary. Once we get rid of this distasteful realm, we'll all go back home."

"Right. And the divine angels of Ainrodonel will welcome us all with open arms," Devon snorted sarcastically.

"I guess there might be a bit of a skirmish at first, but since both sides are immortal and there won't be anywhere else to go or be cast into, they're just going to have to suck it up."

Devon turned, irritated and headed to the lake where he always took his bath.

"She's thinking about you right now," Samael teased behind him. "Would you like to see what she's doing?"

"No. I swore I'd leave her alone."

But the black devil didn't listen. Devon found his path blocked by a glass pane, with swirling red mists reflected within it. He drew back his fist to shatter the glass and stopped cold when the image of Angel appeared before him.

