 Darc walked down the palace halls at a brisk pace, he was in a mood that people rarely seen of him for his armies had just finished with the invasion of Felsia which was the last nation that surrounded his own. 

A robed man approached Darc "My lord; is it true that you've ordered the priest hood of the under gods to give you a prophecy of the future?!" The robed man seemed anxious as if the prophecy might spell doom.

Darc looked at the man with cold black eyes as he stopped. "Yes it is: is their a problem Regis" His voice was like honey as he spoke, but that cold look never truly left his eyes.

"Umm: but my lord Felsia was just crushed, and the rest of the continent awaits" Regis said while taking a cautious step back from the cold dark stare.

Darc began walking down the hall right past Regis whom was one of his older advisers. "Listen Regis their are things at work that you have yet to comprehend. You see while I have fully taken control of this territory; there are many others, and if I wish to rule the entire continent: then I will need to know what is to come." Darc turned at the end of his flatly stated sentence with a wink toward his adviser, and that seemed to have helped the older man out a bit.

Darc continued walking motioning for Regis to follow him as he walked with his mood only slightly changed. None of them understand just how big this is; I'm not after just a few nation! I want the entire continent; and then maybe even the world! His thoughts were fierce as the look on his face told nothing of his inward emotions. 

"So Regis what do you think of the ritual of prophecy?" He asked in honeyed words, his eyes watched the old man for any unusual reactions.

"Well my lord; I have heard they are either extremely cryptic: or entirely false in nature." Regis stated his words carefully for he had witnessed first hand his lords prowess in martial combat, after all that was how he had earned the position of emperor that he now held.

"Indeed it seems that they are only true for those that the undergods deem worthy. Do you you think I am worthy of their blessing?" His question was almost like a trap as it flowed off his tongue with such ease that most would have fallen for the bait, but Regis was an old man whom had seen Darc rise to power, and knew exactly how persuasive he could be.

"Well my lord we shall soon know." Regis carefully placed his words as not to seem like a heretic, and also not to seem like a he had any doubts about the current campaign to rule the land. Regis grabbed the door to the chamber that held the priestess that his lord had chosen for the ritual.

As the two walked in they seen a fountain that seemed to be made of marble colored black in the shape of the entire pantheon of under gods. It was enormous in size, and designed with water flowing from carefully placed facets on the wondrous work of art. There stood the priestess, the only thing covering he form was the dark hair that hung well past her buttocks cascading along her slender form as if a tease for the men whom had just walked in. All around the chamber their were both men, and women of the priesthood these fully dressed in dark purple robes. 

"Well are the preparations finished? Darc said in a commanding yet sweet voice to the woman who was completely nude.

She purred back at him. "Mmm; yes my lord. All is ready; all we need now is you blood." Her voice was both completely seductive, and cold as ice at the same time. She turned around revealing that she held a dagger in her right hand, while revealing her swaying breast for all to see.

Darc unbuttoned his sleeve as he rolled it up to expose the flesh of his wrist. He admired her body as he remembered the many times he had bedded her, and how he would surely be doing the same tonight. "Well lets get this under way then shall we?" The lords words rang out all most as if they held a power of their own, as he approached the fountain offering his wrist to the nude priestess.

The priestess looked at his offered arm before reaching up to take his hand pulling him closer to the fountain of the gods, she pulled the arm over the pool of crystal clear water that came from various facets around the fountain. She looked at him with a cat like smile, and said in sweet tones. "My lord this is the dagger of prophecy, it's enchantments are ancient and powerful, so this is going to hurt." Her smile never left her face as she brought the dagger up, and slashed down across his wrist eliciting a wince from his handsome features. His blood flowed freely into the water, and the fountains enchantments took effects as every obsidian statue in the fountain began to glow an evil red color. Soon the entire pool was a scarlet red, and the room started to reverberate with power, and the priestess let go of his hand letting it fall to his side while one of the assisting priest cast a spell to heal the wound, and she began chanting in an ancient language not known to many.

Darc stared at the priest whom had healed his wound, and could hear the reverberating voices of the gods as their wisdom came to bear for it seemed that he was at least worth their attention. Soon the power that echoed off the walls seemed to grow overwhelming, and everyone in the room could tell things were changing. The candles that had been illuminating the chamber flickered, then faded, and then seemed to ignite of their own accord though now they were no longer the yellow color they had been but rather violet with a red tinged center that cast the room in an eerie light.

The blood colored pool seem to churn, and then all water pouring from the facets seem to just stop. The obsidian statues seemed to becoming more life like as the priestess's chanting grew louder. Soon the violet candles went out completely leaving the chamber in darkness, all that could be seen was the statues that were glowing with red energy. A few minutes went by while she chanted the words in front of the fountain before the scarlet water burst into violet flame.

"Yes! it's ready my lord! Come see your prophecy!" The nude priestess gasp the words trying to catch her breath from the energy that had been spent while performing the ritual.

Darc walked forward with his mind racing about what the prophecy would be, and what the under gods would ask in return. He looked into the fire and could see the images of the gods looking at him as if judging the man whom was asking for their prophecy. They looked at him weighing his worth before speaking into his mind so no one else would hear. "What do you offer us for our guidance?" The voices echoed into his mind as they communicated their want for something in return.

Darc was amazed at the power that they held, and he had been thinking on what he would offer for some time for he had been informed that they would want a suitable offer. "I offer my first born daughter to do with as you wish; she is a virgin, and I suspect she will make a suitable offer." He mentally offered.

They seemed to ponder on it for a bit, and then voices resonated into his mind. "We accept, we will collect her in due time; as for your prophecy you will receive it in due time as well..." Their voices trailed off at that point, soon the violet flames that illuminated the room from the pool died, and the energy produced from the statures fell silent.

Many moments went by in silent darkness before Darc spoke his voice low, and cold as he no longer had the patience for honeyed words. "Well sister Selena may I ask why I didn't receive the prophecy?"

She gave him a girlish giggle, and purred in a voice that dripped seduction. "Would you trust a man whom killed his best friend to become emperor? They want whatever it is that you offered up front." She smiled as she cast a simple spell that brought light to her hands; the incantation echoing in the silent chamber.

As light illuminated the chamber walls the priest that had been surrounding the room quickly lit the candles with flint and steel, and soon the entire chamber was filled with light. Regis was the next to speak. "I have found my old bones have a difficult time staying up so late, so I will bid you all good night." As he spoke he was already walking toward the door.

Darc turned his cold eyes upon her, the smile having already returned to his lips as he heard his adviser bid them all good night. "I want to see you in my chambers lady Selena." The emperors charm having been brought to bear once more as he started to walk out of the chamber just as Regis had done before him.

Selena motioned for the other clerics to bring her robes, and soon she was being clothed in the silken garment as she pulled the string that held the flimsy robe together loosely at the front. Well he almost lost his cool; now didn't he. Oh well tonight is going to be fun! Her thoughts as usual were held with girlish amusement as she now walked after her lover.

++++

A while later Darc, and Selena arrived in his chambers. As Darc shut the door behind the now robed Priestess he spoke to her in light tones. "Selena you say they don't trust me, but they are willing to give me the prophecy?" 

She turned on her heel just after reaching the middle of the room where a table with wine bottles stood next to glasses, and while filling her self a glass she spoke in the husky voice that seemed to come so natural to her. "Yes that's right, and I suspect I know what you offered to even get such a quick response" After she had spoke she brought the glass of red liquid to her lips draining the glass, before licking her lips at him.

"Hmm. How interesting; you think you know what I offered?" His voice was calm as he looked her in the eye as she licked her lips. What a bindle of lust she is! i don't even think my late wife was this insaitable. His thoughts drifted mildly through his mind as she poured her self another glass.

She sipped from the glass this time before sitting the glass down on the table. "Yes you offered your poor, sweet, innocent daughter to do with as they please! Yum; how scrumptious!" Her voice carried both amusement, and lust at his choice of sacrifice.

Darc smiled at her response, but didn't deny what she said for it really didn't matter what she did or didn't know. "You find it amusing?" As he spoke his smile shifted from amused to sly as he eyed her slender curves through the thin silk robe.

"Mmm yes lord I find it very amusing that your willing to give your first born child to the under gods not knowing what they might do to her." Her voice still full of amusement, as she could not only see his admiration's of her body, but feel them.

He thought on her words for a second. She's far to weak to become emporer when I die; better for her to fall victim to my ambitions that to a blade from one of her sisters. These thoughts were full of disgust for she was the one that turned out to have her mothers looks. "It is my choice, and well if they don't take her soul then she might turn out the stronger for it. Don't you agree?" He ended his calm words with the question lingering in the air as he walked toward her having lost patience in admiring her slender form.

Selena smiled as he moved forward, and she didn't even think about answering his question; for she didn't think he really wanted an answer anyway. As he approached she placed a hand on his chest rubbing it through the fine material of his tunic, she recognized the look of lust in his eyes, and was all too happy to oblige him in his demands of her sensuous body. She soon found him leaning down to press his lips against hers, and her mouth parted having been highly aroused from the ritual earlier that night. Their tongues met entwining in their embrace as she felt his arm wrap around her slender waist, and his hand sifted through her soft raven tresses to knead into her silk covered back. His hand soon moved down till it reached her well rounded rump, and he caressed the firm globes through the thin material of her robe. She gasp as his hands reached her bottom breaking the kiss to whisper into his ear before sucking on the lobe. " Oh Lord! I see the ritual was as good for you as it was for me!"

He chuckled at her whispered words for indeed the shear power that he felt from their many voices was highly arousing, and then watching her sweat while chanting the ancient language. "Indeed it was very arousing, but I need to ask one last question before we can have our fun. When can you have her ready for the ritual? I will tell her tomorrow, but I want you to prepare her for it so that their are no mistakes." He finished the words by nipping at her neck while kneading into the firm globes of her ass with both hands.

She gave a soft moan as he nipped at her neck causing small jolts of pleasure to fill her sensitive body, and then another slightly louder moan escaped her full pink lips as he caressed her firm anus. "Mmmmm! It can be ready by the next moon, and of course I will prepare the virgin for sacrifice; it would be my pleasure" The words were panted into his ear as she began to unbutton his tunic.

Darc was slightly aggravated that she couldn't have it ready sooner, but then again he understood how things worked with the undergods; the moons would have to be in proper alignment. However she seemed ready for another joy that was about to take place, and his manhood had stiffened, and grown during the passionate kiss and talk of his daughters sacrifice. He began moving toward the bed while guiding her by her hip as his hands had slipped from their caressing to grasp her hips in his hands which were now running up her waist kneading lightly into the soft spot of her abdomen. He finally had her over to the bed, and she was done unbuttoning his shirt.

She gasp as his hands glided up her form to give a soft squeeze at her sides while backing her up towards the bed which she knew intimately. Her mouth was kissing at his neck as she took the tunic from his shoulders, and let it fall to the ground. Before it had ever hit the ground she was already lessening the belt of his breeches, and soon they fell around his boots. She now grasp hold of his large organ running her fingers across his veiny skin while her finger tips brushed lightly against the hooded head.

He shuddered as his stiffened manhood was caressed, and his hands slid up her sides then over to her shapely breast which he cupped his thumbs rolling over the nipples through the thin silk which elicited a moan from her pink lips. Continuing to nibble at her neck he moved his right hand up to pull at her robe considering the tie had already come loose from his caresses of her abdomen. The robe didn't take much to open, and his left hand made quick work to fondle her bare breast his thumb once again finding the now erect nipple as to rub the stiffened flesh as she fondled his hardened flesh. 

He decided that he was done playing as he could smell her scent heavy in the air. He pushed her to the bed with both hands sliding up her form as she landed with a slight bounce. He moved his body to lay over her as he slid his feet from the confines of his boots. His face went directly for her neck sucking, nibbling, and nipping making the sensitive nerves stand on edge. His hand continued caressing her sides as she lay under him her legs already splayed so he could place his sex across her wet folds. He could hear her gasping into his ear while he rubbed his manhood against her sex coating his cock in lubrication which also caused her lips to separate allowing his swollen purple head to rub at her clit.

She moaned as his sex spread hers with gentle ease making him to feel the warmth that had been dripping from her the majority of the night, however she didn't enjoy foreplay near as much as he did, and was ready to be penetrated by him. The fact remained however that he was the emperor, and she was a priestess which meant; to her ever burning ego that he could do what he wanted with her. Selena was panting into his ear his hands caressed all along her torso, while his mouth played with her delicate neck, and the finisher being the penis he had pressed against her sex rubbing it across her clit to force her essence to lubricate his member.

He heard her moan echo into his ear as her back arched off the bed pressing her lithe form right against his chest, and that was when he decided that she was ready for him to fill her lower body with his stiffened sex. He moved deftly pulling his hips back while his manhood slid along hers lips till the fat head found the entrance to her passage, his hips thrust forward slipping his penis into her slick canal. It took two more thrust before he had finally submerged him self into her panting body. Her moans echoed off the walls as she was filled by his sex. Her hands begun to knead her finger nails at his back, and so his hand went from her body to grab her arms bringing both limbs above her head then holding both of them with his stronger grip.

She gave him a pouty look until he began removing his organ from her sex, and her face then contorted in pleasure as she moaned into his face filling his nostrils with the smell of the wine she had been drinking earlier. She felt him bring his self just to the point that he was going to exit her passage when he stopped, and then thrust back inside her; the head of his penis connecting with her cervix for greater pleasure. She looked up to her hands which were being held above her head, and then realized that he was tying them to the oaken bed post with a strip of black silk, in fact it was the strip that had held her robe tied. She moaned even louder as he pulled out of her, only to thrust back in as his strokes began increasing her back arched pressing her breast into his chest.

He had just finished tying her hands above head when he had thrust back into her; he could feel her canal massaging his erect penis with expert efficiency. He then noticed that her back had arched up into his chest, and an idea came to mind. His hand moved to her arching back before she had time to fall back to the bed, and he pressed his lover into his chest forcing her to stay in that position as he thrust his hips in and out of her juicy passage just to hear her moan again.

Holding her back in that position it only took a few more thrust to bring her arched form to orgasm, but he kept thrusting feeling her tighten around his stiff member. It was a magnificent feeling as he felt himself press into her cervix, and then back out while her body spasmed around his penis. Her orgasm soon turned to climax as he wouldn't let her back fall to the bed, and he kept filling and unfilling her slick canal slamming his head against her cervix making her moan even louder. Her climax lasted several minutes before she felt him ejaculate rope after rope of seamen into her massaging sex.

Once their passion played out he allowed her back to finally find the bed, and he lied down on top of her body. Her hands were still tied above head to the oaken post of the bed, and the smell of sex wafted to his nostrils. "Well your as wonderful as always: my dear!" His voice was rather ragged as he tried to speak between panting his exertions. He didn't wait for her to respond but rather pulled himself from her passage, and rolled off her lithe frame to lay next to her. 

She panted for breath, and didn't bother to say anything for she figured he was just addled from their current sexual encounter. though she was never happy when he tied her up like that, but oh did he make it worth it. She finally caught her breath enough to speak. "Now can you untie me? You know how I hate being bound!" Her voice was full of lust, but held more than a bit of frustration at him always binding her hands.

He moved his hands down her out stretched body while shaking his head from side to side to indicate that he was not going to untie her yet. "I might be in need of relief come morning, and as you said earlier would you trust some one who had received their high station by killing their best friend." The question was rhetorical of course, and the way he said it made even her poisoned soul quiver. He went to bed that night with his hands wrapped around her lithe bound frame as to wake up if she tried to find a way out of the tied strip of silk that held her wrists tightly above her head.
