 The night was calm; stars twinkled above me, the moon watching over me with her gentle glow. I moved across the meadow, footsteps silenced by the lush grass beneath my bare feet. No distractions from nature's beauty, I looked around me. Little bells chimed with every step, my dainty anklet shifting against my skin. There was tranquility in this moment as I walked slowly through the darkness. I love the night, the time when all is peaceful and most of the world is at rest. The darkness is my home, my sanctuary in times of trouble and indecision. Taking a deep breath, I inhaled the cleansing air, feeling it wash through me, before exhaling all the negativity from deep inside.

My wrap around skirt hung low on my hips, flaring down over my thighs, caressing my calves as I walked. It felt as if a thousand fingers were on my bare skin, no panties hindering their delicate touch of my behind and the curls protecting my mound. The warmth of the softly flowing breeze brushed against my bare stomach, hugging around the inward curve of my waist. My breasts were covered by only my softest of lacy bras and a short-cropped t-shirt. I wanted the most minimal of clothing on my body this night. For tonight, I would dance. A dance I haven't done for a very long time now.

I've never shared my dance with anyone, its something so personal, so intimate that I never had the courage. I wore no makeup, nothing to mask the woman I was or hide the woman I have become. My ears held small Amethyst studs, my favorite color and my favorite stone. Little gems that matched the Amethyst dragonfly piercing my belly button. My hair was long and free, flowing over my shoulders and along my back, curls going every which way. I walked a little further, before I found my place, something inside me, telling me to stop.

My movements began slowly, a gentle sway of my hips from side to side, hands reaching out away from me, fingers curling. My steps became stronger, more confident, my hips undulating to a rhythm I could feel coming up from the ground beneath my feet. The bells chimed louder and my arms moved over my head, reaching, graceful waving motions as I released more of myself to the night. My head fell back, arching my spine; I let my shoulders lower towards the grass, my hips moving harder now. I brought my hands down towards my face, lightly touching my skin. Trailing my fingers down, I felt my hardened nipples, the smooth skin of my stomach, dipping into the opening of my skirt, I touched my mound. 

I raised myself back up straight; my breathing becoming faster now and my dance became a lover's dance. Revealing in the beauty of being a woman. I felt the delicate femininity of my body and the unyielding strength beneath that. My dance sultry, more heated, I took pleasure in touching myself. I caressed my curves, holding and squeezing my full breasts, panting as my nipples pushed against the lace. I ran my fingers over my stomach and the scars of motherhood; I am so honored to wear. Tears came to my eyes and I danced, amazed and awed at what all it means to be a woman. A smile now brightening my face, I truly felt beautiful, sexy and graceful.

I moved my hands lower still, desire fueling my blood and reached beneath the edge of my skirt. I felt the curls over my mound and trailed my fingers through them, my nails just touching the hood of my clit. I moaned and flicked my hood, feeling my clit become fuller with every scrape of my nails. My feet spread wider and with one hand I pulled my skirt higher, out of my way. I touched my labia, feeling the swollen pink flesh now moist with my nectar. Running a finger over the outer edges, dipping inside to my warmth, I drew my finger to my mouth, tasting me. My hips moved faster now and I reached back toward my pussy, eager now for a rougher touch. My hips moved in time to my fingers and I rode my own hand, feeling the glorious pressure building inside me. With a cry, I felt my orgasm spread throughout my body and release. My fingers coated with my nectar, I touched still, dipping my fingers inside, feeling the contractions of my inner walls, with every beat of my heart. 

My legs now shaky, I collapsed to my knees on the grass. Palms touching the ground, I leaned forward, trying to catch my breath. My chest heaving, my body flushed and sated, I worked to slow my breathing. I felt it then, a shuddering in the ground, a vibration that hadn't been there before. It was growing stronger and I raised my head to look around. All around me there were miles of meadow, a few trees in spots, with a small hill out in front of me. The breeze changed, carrying on it a scent I couldn't describe, but it teased my senses, making me wonder where it was coming from. My skin started to tingle, my hair rising from my skin, a crackling energy filled the air. 

Sitting tall, grabbing at my stomach feeling butterflies spinning inside; I felt a newborn excitement coming over me. The ground rolling beneath my knees, the scent growing stronger, my eyes were drawn to the hill, I felt something calling me to that place, something out there wanting me. I swallowed once and my eyes grew wide, my heart skipping beats as I saw you come over the top. It can't be, my eyes have to be showing me lies. I can't be seeing the sight before me. I closed my eyes tight, trembling now, shaky hands covering my open mouth, and with a deep breath my lashes lifted. 

Over the hill you came, with a ground-eating stride, headed straight towards me. There was no way I could tear my eyes off you now, no way I could look away from the creature coming at me. I couldn't believe it, I couldn't believe I was seeing you. Your long powerful legs reached forward, hooves digging and kicking up the earth behind you. Your head bobbed as you pushed onward to me, mane out behind you like a sail at sea. Your horn, black as pitch, stood proudly out from your forehead and I could see its gleam from here. A unicorn, I was staring at a unicorn. I moved to stand and said a silent thanks to whatever god or deity, which honored me with this priceless gift.

You were almost upon me when you skidded to a stop, rearing high, hooves within inches from my face. You called out with a loud neigh, its deep sound echoing around us. I looked more closely at you now, drinking in the sight of you, as you began to circle me. Your front legs stretched out in a prancing stride, your tail flicking over me. Your coat a charcoal grey, mane and tail the darkest black, you were stunningly gorgeous. I could see your nostrils flare and you shook your head once, mane fluttering around you. You stopped suddenly and I drew a deep breath, looking into your one dark eye. Turning your head, you brought your face close to mine and I reached out with one hand to touch you. I paused when I was almost touching you, feeling the heat rising from your skin, unsure if I should lay a human hand on someone so magical. 

You made the decision for me and pressed your mouth against my palm. Your flat lips nibbled at my skin and I let out a surprised giggle. Your head came up at that, and you moved a little closer, bringing me into the side of your body, curling your neck around me. Moving your mouth over my bare arms, your breath felt hot upon my skin. I reached up then, this time with calm hands, and felt your muzzle. Touching your finely boned head, I ran my fingers up, wrapping my hand around your horn, stroking up and down once, before moving to touch your forelock. Normally coarse, your hair was smooth and supple; I loved its softness.

I continued exploring your body, running my hands over your crest, gripping your mane tightly in my fingers, your scent filling me. You were a tall one, just over 16 hands as the top of my head just reached your withers. I dragged my nails lightly along your neck and down your back towards your flank, spreading out both hands to caress your warmth. You were perfection from your ears to your tail and I was in awe of you. 

You moved away from me then, turning once, before lowering yourself down, bending your left foreleg. Snorting at me, you turned your muzzle towards your back and then looked deeply into my eyes. Nibbling on my lip, I moved up close, gripping your mane tightly, I leaped, swinging my right leg over your back. My skirt opened wide, exposing my pussy to your warmth and I tingled from the sensation. Scooting closer to your withers, I squeezed you between my thighs, finding my seat. You glanced back at me, your muscles tightening beneath me and I felt you rear high. I gasped, holding you tightly, letting out a laugh of pure joy and we were off. 

I leaned low over your neck, your dark mane and my dark hair intertwining as we galloped across the meadow. Your stride was smooth and I rocked against your withers, the friction causing me to release more of my nectar. I squeezed you tighter with my thighs, feeling the power in your muscles beneath me. It was an exhilarating ride and we rode for miles, just you and me in the darkness. My body was on edge; every nerve stimulated when you finally slowed to a jog, then easy walk. Stopping by a rolling hill, you once again bowed. With a sigh, I climbed down from your back, feeling my nipples brush against your side before my feet touched the ground. I rested my cheek against you, trying to maintain control of the desire raging through me.

I felt your mouth move over my hair, the gentle puffs of your breath, stirring my hair. I closed my eyes, stepping back, lifting my face towards yours. Your muzzle touched my cheek, my nose, before your flat lips, brushed over mine, in a soft kiss. My eyes came open and I placed my hands on either side of your face, giving you butterfly kisses over your lips. The little hairs on your chin tickled me, and I reached out with my tongue to lick your upper lip. Your breath coming faster against my face, I licked you more, my tongue lapping at your lips and pushing into your mouth. I felt your teeth beneath my tongue and then you touched your tongue to mine. Your heady scent and your sweet breath overcame me and I sucked at your thick tongue with my mouth, wanting you inside me, needing your taste to fill me.

Moving away from me, you stepped back, my hands falling from your face and lowered your head till your horn was at the bottom edge of my shirt. Sliding your horn under my shirt, the point scraping over my ribs, you pushed at my shirt. Understanding your desire, I lifted my shirt over my head and dropped it upon the grass. With your horn, you touched first one then the other nipple, tickling them through the lace and I reached behind me to undo the clasp. Quickly I removed it, feeling my heavy breasts hang down, nipples hard for you. You teased me, running your horn in circles around my nipples, pressing the point deep into my nipple, before circling them once again. I took my breasts in my hands, offering them up to you and your nimble lips, played with them. Chewing at my nipples, pinching them hard between your lips, my pussy winked fast, pressure coiling inside me needing release.

I sighed as you moved your head lower, pushing at my skirt with your horn. I undid the tie at my hips, letting my skirt puddle at my feet. You pushed at my stomach with your mouth and I took a step back. You pushed at me some more and I continued stepping back, walking partly up the hill. When I was high enough, you lowered your head until your horn brushed over my mound; the tip now warming as it fondled my clit. The pleasure was intense, moans spilling past my lips and I fell down, my elbows catching me as I leaned back against the hill. Planting my feet firmly in the grass, I raised my hips up to you, spreading my knees wide, leaving me open to your touch. 

You traced your horn over my labia and I became a little nervous, but didn't want you to stop, and I widen my legs even further. Carefully I felt your horn move slowly into my pussy, slow delicate strokes, a few inches at a time. As you entered your horn heated more and I undulated my hips up to you, taking your horn deeper inside me. Your scent grew stronger as my passion built and soon I was pushing up against you, feeling the point touch the back of my pussy. I couldn't stand it, the pleasure was too much and I started to shatter around you, your horn blazing hot inside me as my nectar dripped, oozing from my pussy. I slumped back against the hill, watching as you moved over me, your forelegs now above my head.

I looked down and inches from my mouth was your beautiful cock. Sweet heaven, it truly was a beautiful cock, with a wide girth, the shaft dark with shades of pink. I reached out grabbing you with one hand, feeling you twitch beneath my fingers, as I stroked you from your head to your fuzzy balls. You were snorting now, your cock twitching faster and I took the head in my mouth. It was so wide, my mouth was stretched as I sucked you inside, licking and teasing your slit. Saliva coating the head, drooling from my mouth, I gathered it with both hands, stroking your cock as I sucked as much of you I could inside. My hands working in unison, the only way I could encircle your cock, I stroked faster, sucking you hard. I was moaning at your spicy taste, but I wanted to try something more, so I eased you out of my mouth. 

I rubbed the head of your cock over my breasts and nipples, saliva making them shiny in the night, and placed your cock at my pussy. Pushing up with my hips, I raised as far as I could and felt your head push against my opening. It stung and burned, stretching me farther than I ever have before, but I felt you thrust forward. With every thrust, a little more of you came into me and I pushed hard against you. Wanting all of you inside me, knowing it wasn't possible, I moved with you, our efforts to bring each other pleasure, becoming in sync. Your cock head began to flare, widening my pussy and tears filled my eyes at the pain, but the pleasure was so very worth it. With one hard thrust you sent me to oblivion and I screamed out into the night, a long echoing wail of release. 

You thrust hard a few more times, my breasts jiggling against my chest, when your seed began to burst forth through me. It was too much and I felt it trickle over my lips, spilling to the grass below. Still cuming, you pulled out, spraying more of your hot seed all over my breasts, nipples and belly. I grabbed your cock quickly, licking at the head, catching the final squirt in my mouth. The taste was divine and I licked you gently, until you pulled away. 

Staring down at myself, your seed covering me, I rubbed your essence into my skin. Reaching for my breasts, I held them high, placing them close to my mouth, I licked your seed from my aching nipples, feeling you watch me lap up the last of your pleasure. You moved to stand back on level ground, sides heaving and I lay back against the hill. Exhausted, tender and sore, satisfied beyond belief, I looked at you in amazement. Elegant and dignified, you stood proudly before me and I watched as your cock, slowly shrunk back into your sheath. 

You grabbed my clothes in your teeth and laid them upon my stomach. Slowly with a feeling of sadness, I dressed, wincing when I stood on my shaky legs. You lowered yourself to the ground and I moved towards you, pausing once to kiss you on the side of your face. Grasping your mane, I swung my leg over, hissing at the pain, feeling you push my behind with your head in silent help. I couldn't sit upright and I fell forward over your neck, burying my face in your mane and you walked us back the way we came, your steps sure and quiet, not jostling your very pleasured rider.