 s I was entering my hotel room, I heard a sound. I walked in slowly and closed the door quietly behind me. On the table by the door was the gun and handcuffs from last nights hen party. I had taken some self-defence classes so I knew I could handle whoever it was. Okay, the gun wasn't real, but it was pretty realistic.

Holding the gun I moved further into the bedroom. I heard the water running in the bathroom. As silently as possible I moved towards the bathroom door. It was partly open so I could see there was definitely someone there, someone with broad shoulders, maybe six feet tall, taller than my five foot eight at any rat. I pushed the door open a little more, lifted the gun and firmly. "Put your hands up, or I will shoot." 

He didn't move, flinch, he just kept his back turned away from me looking in the sink.

"Did you hear me?" I asked. Still nothing.

"What are you doing in my room?" I asked, moving slowly closer so I could see what he was doing at the sink. Blood, rich, red blood was running down the drain. He was washing blood off his hands. 

"Oh, God. He could kill me! With that thought in mind in mind, I started backing out of the room. I kept the gun up but before I could leave the bathroom he finally turned and looked at me.

The first thing I noticed was his eyes, black with no white. Just black, like a sharks. Then I noticed his skin, pale and colourless.

"Drugs. He's on drugs. Oh, God. He's going to kill me and blame it on the drugs, and then he's going to get away with killing me." I was frozen in place.

He laughed, I'm worried about dying and he's laughing. Part of me wanted to hit him, but it wasn't cruel laughter. It was as, though he had found something funny "What?" I asked.

"Lower the gun and I'll tell you." he said. Before I could argue, my hand went down. Looking me in the eye, he said, "Drop it." Down went the gun.

"Don't be scared." He told me.

"Don't be scared," says the man who seems to be controlling my body or thoughts or whatever the hell he's doing. He laughed again! What a kidder.

Oh, I wanted to hit him. He started walking towards me and, my feet wouldn't move. I wondered if he would kill me now. Standing in front of me he said, "I have a better idea." Then he grabbed me by the waist and kissed me his mouth crushing down on mine. 

He nipped my bottom lip then started kissing down my jaw and slowly travelled back up and started licking my lips this time, biting them. "Open," he said in a lust-filled voice. I did, not because he ordered me, but because I wanted to. He explored every part of my mouth with his wicked tongue. My legs felt like I was going to collapse. 

He must have sensed it because suddenly I was lifted off my feet and into his arms, my body pressed against his. He strode out of the bathroom, holding me helplessly in his arms. Was I scared, you might ask. The answer was no. For some reason, I knew he wouldn't hurt me. Maybe it was instinct, maybe it was his mind control thing making me think that. I don't know. I just know I've never regretted what happened next.

He sat me on the bed, he then told me to lie down in that ghostly voice. I did as he said, wondering what he would do, where he would start. I felt him: more specifically, his hands at my knee, then my thigh. Did I forget to mention my outfit consisted of a halter neck dress and heels that stay on with ribbons tied up to the knees? That's where he started. He undid the knot then started to slowly unravel the ribbon down my leg.

"Your legs are exquisite," he said. I felt his lips kissing my leg, starting at the knee then down to my foot. After removing that shoe, he moved to the next leg and did the same thing. I was getting ridiculously turned on, and all he was doing was removing my shoes.

Then his hand was back on my thigh, travelling up towards the one place where I really wanted his hand to go. "Mmm" I started to groan.

"Patience." I heard him say, then he was kissing me on the inside of my knee again but this time he travelled up, not down. He was so close to where I really wanted that mouth. Then I felt a sharp pain. 

I realized he had bitten me. He bit me again, sharp little bites with his teeth. As much as they hurt, they also heightened my arousal. I was becoming wetter with each bite. I knew he must be able to smell my excitement, but still he kept saying. "Patience." Every time he bit and kissed my thighs, missing the place I craving his touch, I wanted to shout in I wanted to shout in frustration. 

I was so close to cumming and all he had done was touch and kiss my legs. I had never experienced anything like this. Suddenly I felt the air on my skin. I was naked. Had he undressed me? Before I could think anymore his mouth was where I had craved it. He touched my outer lips and then his finger was inside me. He added another, and another, then started to thrust them in and out. While his fingers were fucking me his thumb was strumming my clit.

"Oh, Fuck!" I shouted. I was cumming fast and hard and he wasn't stopping. He kept moving his hand.

"Stop!" I shouted, breathless, but still he continued. I was cumming and screaming and clawing the bed covers. He's going to kill me, I thought, and heard him laugh.

"But what a way to go, is it not?" He was still laughing and after another volcanic orgasm he slowed down and pulled his fingers out. He towered over me as I looked into his eyes. When he kissed me I could taste myself on his tongue. He drew back and smiled at me. Lifting me into his arms again, He pulled back the covers and laid me on the sheets. His clothes started to disappear and in the blink of an eye he was naked. He climbed in next to me and I curled into him, falling asleep with a smile on my lips.

When I woke I was alone. Was it a dream? At first I thought it was, but a week later after work I entered my apartment. It felt different. I can't explain what I was feeling, but when I found my dream guy standing in my apartment, before I could say anything I was in his arms his mouth on mine. 

We tumbled to the floor, both of us ripping clothes, then he pinned my arms to the floor while he kissed and nipped at my throat while I was still half-dressed. He licked my nipples, sucking them into his mouth through my ripped top. Is this happening? Is he really there? I wondered. 

"I'm here, and so are you. It was real and I can't get you out of my head. This time I want to be in you, fucking you until you forget every man you have ever known and my name is the only one you know. My name is Demetri, by the way." he said, laughing and kissing me again.

"But perhaps the bed would be more comfortable." With that he stood up, lifted me and carried me to bed. As we went, somehow my clothes disappeared like they had before.

As he laid me on my bed his clothes disappeared as well, then he joined me on the bed and took me in his arms and just held me. He started to touch me slowly, starting at my hip and moving up to my stomach, then across my breasts. His hands brushed over my back to my neck and he ran his hands through my hair.

"Touch me," he said.

Slowly I lifted my hand to his hip and copied his movements. When I got to his chest I ran my thumb over his nipple.

"Ahh, woman, you have the power to kill me." 

He grabbed my hand and rolled onto me, and then he was in me. He felt fantastic and big. He hit all the right spots.

He started pummelling me hard and it felt so good. I climaxed but it kept coming; multiple orgasms again.

Suddenly he roared and he bit me on the neck. He was drinking me when I felt his climax. After his breathing started to even out I felt him release my neck and lick the spot where he had bitten me. He rolled off me onto his back but instead of leaving, as I expected, he grabbed me and tucked me into his side like the first night.

"Thank you," I heard him say before I fell asleep.

I never saw him again. All I have is a name. Is he dead? Will I ever see him again? Has he forgotten me? I don't know but all I know is when I feel sad, I hear his voice in my head promising to come back and to never forget...