 Chapter 2

Six months had passed since I saw Demetri. Is was going on a date; I decided on a knee-length purple dress with spaghetti straps and matching underwear, and topped it off with three-inch leopard-print heels to make my legs look long. I threaded ribbons through my hair and clipped it up. I was a little excited, a little scared. Could any man live up to Demetri?

So I found myself in a beautiful restaurant with fancy food and a nice atmosphere, and my date was interesting. Then I heard a voice. At first I thought it was my date, but when I asked him what he said, he replied he hadn't said anything. Then I heard it again, more clearly.

"What are you doing with this man?" I recognized that voice.

It was Demetri.

I'm on a date, go away, I thought. I couldn't believe it; I finally decide to date because I haven't heard from him, and now he talks to me—in the middle of a date. Well, the hell with him, I've moved on, I thought.

"I was busy. I promised to come back. Didn't you believe me?" he asked.

I believed you six months ago. I can't spend my life waiting for something that shouldn't exist, I thought sadly.

"But I do exist. If I didn't, I couldn't make you scream in pleasure or touch you like this," he said and I felt a hand travel up my thigh. I looked at my date; he was eating with one hand and holding the wine glass with the other, still chatting away. 

Demetri, what are you doing? I thought breathlessly.

"I'm reminding you of what we have and of what this man can never give you," he said as the imaginary hand traced higher until I felt it at the apex of my thigh. I crossed my legs to bar access but a force stronger than me caused my legs to uncross and spread.

I was getting wet and my date was oblivious, he was just eating and talking, about what I have no idea because suddenly my underwear, the final barrier I had, vanished and the imaginary hand was stroking me inside, teasing me, rubbing my clit and causing me to bite back a scream.

Stop it, I thought in an unconvincing way.

"Leave the table and walk outside or I will make you come in front of all these people and your date," he said in a voice filled with both lust and menace.

"I have to go." I stood up, grabbed my bag and left without looking back. When I made it outside I was cursing Demetri in as many different languages as possible. Then I heard him laugh.

I'm glad you think it's funny, you and you're wandering hands, I thought angrily. What now, huh? Why did you do that? I thought making my way home through the alleyway that led to my flat.

"Because I want you!" he said.

But you're not here, I thought, saddened, feeling a tear escape and slide down my face.

"Oh, no," he said, and then someone grabbed my hips from behind and slammed me against the wall. A body was pressed against mine, pinning me against the bricks, but I wasn't scared; I knew who it was.

"I told you I would come back," Demetri whispered before he started kissing my neck. It was light, he barely touched me; it felt like a feather drifting over my skin. He started to nibble my neck then ripped the strap of my dress down one side, then bit my shoulder. A hand over my mouth stopped me from screaming, but not from the pain, from the pleasures—so much pleasure.

"Your taste is so addictive. I want you so much I can't wait." With that he rucked up my dress and I heard his zipper. Then he was inside, stretching me, one hand on the wall beside my head the other between my legs playing with my clit.

My blood was pumping, drowning out everything but him; I could feel him inside me, pulling out then thrusting back in, filling right up to the hilt.

"Demetri," I screamed, this time out loud.

"Yes...say my name, know who is talking you against this wall, who is making you shatter," he said breathing faster, moving faster, in and out.

I was panting, bracing my hands on the wall as he took me from behind. I could feel how close I was; my muscles clenched, wanting to ride it out longer, wanting to stay like this forever.

My orgasm hit suddenly, then while I was coming, I felt a nip on my shoulder, then something wet trickle over my skin. He was sucking my neck, I could feel him dragging the blood out of my body.

"Your blood is like an aphrodisiac, it makes me want you more," he said before throwing his head back and coming inside me.

I could feel him fill me up; he didn't pull out till he was empty. We stood there in the alley, his body and the wall the keeping me warm. 

After my breathing returned to normal, I turned my head around, and looked at him. He was the Demetri I remembered, perhaps with a bit more stubble, but it just made him sexier. 

I did something Id never done before; I turned fully around then and knelt in front of him, taking his dick in my hand. I stroked along the head, learning its shape, its size, marvelling that it had been inside me. Leaning forward I took him in my mouth, swirled my tongue around the head, and then I started sucking him, taking him right to the back of my throat. He seemed to grow until my mouth was full; I started to pull back, when he slid his hand into my hair to keep me where I was.

"Don't...don't stop," he said breathlessly.

I started getting used to it, a few times I gagged, but when I got a rhythm going I found myself bobbing my head in time with his thrusts. I could feel my hair coming undone but I didn't care, he was making love to my mouth. It was a curious feeling. I slid my hands up his thigh, cupping him between the legs. When he came in my mouth, it hit the back of my throat. I started to pull back, but he wouldn't let me go, he held me there till I swallowed it all.

When he relaxed his hold of my head, I pulled back, still tasting him; it was hot, creamy and salty, and it felt so intimate. 

He held his hand out to me, I took it stood up then realised my dress was ripped in places, but I didn't care because Demetri was back. But for how long? I thought.

Pulling back, he grabbed my hand, and dragged me the rest of the way out of the ally, and into his car, I didn't know where we were going but I knew, I would follow Demetri anywhere he asked, or dragged.