 Note to reader: Okay gang, first off i want to say sorry for taking so long in continuing the Dark series. I have got my first ever job at a uniform shop...for kids and since its that wonderful time of year known as the summer holidays I havent had a moment to myself let alone to write. Plus *Cough* I also publish fanfictions so they've taken some of my time too. I'm really sorry and please dont hate me but at least I'm back-ish. The truth is, is that i hate uploading stories I havent finished, there is a whole amount of unfinished fictions on my hard-drive and its disgusting. But that is why one, I implore that you give me some input so that I can complete this story and two, why this is being published as a sequel and not the last in a trilogy. Book number two is on the back burner so instead of Dan the bear we have Leon the lion. That only means I can then widen the scope to more than shifters...did someone say that the shifters have a distant cousin that lives of blood...hmm dunno if i'm going down that road, though there is a story on literotica that i wish to reload...anywho enough of my insane ramblings and on with the show.

................................................

Prologue

León Dubois stirred on the hard mattress pulling the too short blanket over his bared chest. His actions only served to bare his toes to the coldness of night. 

Growling he tucked his knees against his chest, brushing against a warm fragrant body. Growing still he pushed himself up on his elbows, watching the sleeping face through a curtain of red curls. 

The young woman's mouth was small and plumb, her top lip arching ever so slightly. Small puffs of air breezed against his cheek as he leant closer. With careful movements he brushed the locks from her face, revealing the round contours of her face. 

Dark rouge lashes fanned her cheeks and delicate eyebrows accentuated large brown eyes. Though they were hidden from him now, León knew their exact colour. A deep chocolate rimmed with dark blue. Her small button nose twitched as she felt the heat from his body and slowly she blinked those chocolate eyes open.

"Morning." She croaked, sleep hampering her vocal chords. 

León smiled, kissing her softly. She yielded to him instantly, her tongue stroking his just as gently. León could feel fire burning in his stomach as he grew aroused. 

Without provocation his hips began to grind against hers, needing to sate the lust only she could produce. Using immense willpower León pulled away from her. 

They had spent the night tussled in the sheets and he had not been as gentle with her as he would have liked. Even now, as she followed his retreating body, she displayed signs of soreness. 

"It's still dark." León warned knowing just how much she loved to sleep. 

"I know, but do you really think I can sleep? I'm no longer Catherine Finnegan but Mrs. Catherine Dubois." She laughed, splaying her body over his. 

León couldn't stop his mouth from twitching into a smile. He was just as happy as Catherine. Running away from home and eloping in Vegas was not what he had envisioned three days ago but Catherine was spontaneous like that. She was like a tornado of energy blitzing his mundane life at every turn. 

"You aren't having second thoughts are you?" Catherine asked peeping to see his face. 

If not for the slight tremor in her voice, León may have seen her question as innocent. Steeling himself for her reaction León smiled. Instantly she sighed with relief returning her head to his chest. Smiling was something he rarely did. 

His face lost all maturity as dimples took over his features and his eyes brightened making him appear ten years younger than he actually was. If not for Catherine he doubted he would ever smile. 

Catherine sighed again raising her left hand in the air. The neon lights from outside cast a fuchsia tint to her skin, catching the glint of the silver band on her ring finger. 

It had been León's mothers ring and as her eldest child she had given it to him, with the hope that he would give it to the woman he loved. Now that woman wore it. 

Lacing his fingers with hers he brought her hand back down and placed it over his heart, revelling in the feel of her soft skin against his. Her pale skin against his dark mocha complexion was a glaring contrast, and that was one of the things León loved about her. They were complete opposites. 

She loved listening to backstreet boys and N'Sync, whereas he was more of a Guns and Roses man. Catherine wore bright colours and always had a flower in her hair, León prefeered deeper shades. 

The one thing they had in common was their love for each other, though Catherine had been the more persistent one in their relationship. He was glad for that otherwise he would never have known the joys to be found with someone other than himself. 

Catherine's snuffling snores signalled that she had fallen back to sleep. With a soft chuckle León pulled the blanket over her, her short stature making it possible for her to be protected against the harsh temperature. 

Just as León was about to fall asleep he heard the small vibration of his mobile on the bedside table. With an irritated groan he quickly picked it up. Checking to see if Catherine was still asleep he slipped from her embrace and sat at the edge of the bed.

"What?" He asked. 

"Where are you?" The voice of his best friend, sounded harried and scared. All traces of sleep fled his body as he picked out sounds of yelling and screaming on the other end.

"Smyth's motel, we just got back. What is going on?"

"Hunters, they found our den hurry..." the line suddenly went dead and León was left with a persistent ringing on the other end. 

Fear swamped him. Hunters were his people's mortal enemy, if they had found their den then that meant their identities had been compromised. León quickly dressed, fumbling with his shirt as thoughts assailed his mind. 

His eyes landed on his new wife and regret built in his throat. He wouldn't wake her, this was their last night together and he wanted her to have happy memories.

"Goodnight." He whispered into the air swiftly leaving. 

..............................................

So please tell me what you think guys so far so good? or will I not be hearing from you again???