 Mother Luna slowed her resplendent fairy wings down as she took a gentle sip from the river, her face frowning from the taste. Something foul was afoot in Fair Wood and she would get to the bottom of it. A Fair Wood without fresh spring water, chattering birds and giggling fairies was no Fair Wood at all. It was an oasis of joy and wholesome pleasures, a place where those with cares became carefree.

The trees had become foul mouthed, their branches more lascivious as they smacked her pert, juicy ass, while red eyed squirrels tried to jump into her plentiful cleavage. The forest grew more rude and crude by the day, and as she sampled the foul water, she found out why. In the northern reaches of Camelot spread an unspeakable evil, from a kingdom of ashes sprung a barbed, ebon tower, sinking its vile roots into the very spirit of the land.

Mother Luna gasped as she saw the dark queen, her eyes wreathed in violet fire, crowned by abyssal black hair, her face the very image of icy beauty and smoldering desire. A black crescent moon filled her vision and Mother Luna screamed at its perverse image, so similar to her own full moon which hung by her neck.

She stood up, knowing what she must do. The only way, as every fairy knew, to stop screaming hordes of demonic warlords, wielding blades forged from the very fires of hell, who raped and pillaged in the name of chaos and their dark mistress, was through the power of love, the power of heart. She would spread the word to all her fairy daughters and sisters to rally and defeat this evil.

Mother Luna braced herself, and then launched flying into the air, the creamy globes of her breasts jiggling within her fluttering, blue dress as she surveyed her domain from the air. She dallied with the wind, laughing as the sun kissed her skin. As she looked over her forest, her light heart grew heavy, for all the verdant lands below reminded her just how much was at stake.

Her first order of business was to ensure the future of her people, and so headed for the Lords of the Wood. She landed in the sacred grove and straightened her dress, before floating over to them. The Lords were giant flowers, all male, the fairy people lacking any true male equivalent. She sighed in relief when they didn't display any obvious signs of corruption, their dark blue petals waving in greeting, always excited whenever a woman came to visit.

In truth, many of the flowers looked the same to her, but she knew which one she really wanted to see, the one who would get more than a friendly greeting. The father of her daughter, his larger than usual stamens making him distinct among his kin.

She looked down at Cava-til, smiling as she saw his stamens harden in her presence. She hugged the flower, wrapping her milky thighs around his hardening stamen as she hugged her breasts against its rippling surface. "Good morning Cava-til, Father of Fathers!"

"Good morrow to you Mother of Mothers, well are you welcome to the open air." His voice was deep and sensuous, more so than Mother Luna remembered, her eyes becoming heavy lidded to his voice for a moment before shaking away her fog.

Mother Luna beamed, relaxing into his velvety petals. She groaned as she felt one of his stamens move down to massage her heavy breasts, her nipples engorging as they pointed through her light blue dress. Luna breathed in of his spores, growing more aroused the longer she wallowed in the center of the flower. 

"We have matters to discuss...matters of the Wood..." she breathed, her concentration waning as his more flexible stamens nudged away her panties. Something was new about him, his petals seemed softer, his voice smoother. She slowly impaled herself on his primary stamen, its phallic head easily piercing through her wanting lips.

Cava-til chuckled, his laugh an earthy rumble. "I am well acquainted with matters of the Wood and would gladly discuss them with you."

"No not that...well yes..that, but just this once. Today is a special occasion." Mother Luna gasped as he began slight thrusting motions inside her, his tremendous girth touching all her sensitive spots within her moistening sex.

"More than you know, Lady of the Wood." She smiled, always touched whenever someone called her by her official title, but preferring her more humble name. She mewled in pleasure as he dribbled sweet nectar along her skin, her toned thighs glistening under the aphrodisiac fluid. She felt as if she was floating outside herself, on a cloud, as gentle waves of pleasure began to throb up from her loins, all thoughts of why she visited in the first place seemingly falling away by the moment.

She let a long moan out in the air as his length fully sank inside her, her voice setting the nearby birds scattering into the sky."Oh...mmmmh....Bella misses you...." She arched her back as his other stamens kneaded her soft flesh, the perfect moons of her ass making slow thrusts on his glistening rod.

"Oh...who in the blazes is that?"

"Your...uhh...daughter!"

"Oh. Right."

She felt a fire beginning to burn in her loins, whimpering as she felt his stalks slowly pull down her dress, ocean blue silk giving way to luscious, gravity defying breasts, spilling into a soft teardrop shape.

Another of his stamens nudged into her deep cleavage, stroking itself back and forth as another deep groan emanated from the ground. Luna too, loved the sensation, the moist coating of the stamens providing a unique and sensual pleasure between her breasts. With each gentle thrust of the stamen, her moon pendant was nudged further into the soft valley of her tits, the cool steel creating tantalizing stimulation for her warm breastflesh.

She sighed in pleasure to the feeling of his stamens coating the hemispheres of her ass in nectar, creating mutual arousal as their hard lengths glided across her full and firm buttocks. Her apple-shaped bottom quivered to the tingling sensations while she gasped, her belly writhing to the drops of Cava-til's arousal that had dribbled onto her, the sweet fluid streaming around the sleek contours of her stomach before soaking into her flowing snatch.

"This won't be much of a discussion if we are too preoccupied with...extended welcomes." said the soothing voice of Cava-til, his main stamen still hardly moving within her sex, letting the sheer size and slight grinding motions inundate her with pleasure.

"Too true..." said Mother Luna, her voice trembling and airy, while her delicate hands massaged Cava-til's sticky fluids into the soft, pale mounds of her breasts, her fingers squeezing around their hefty size and tracing around their perky slopes.

"So let us have our pleasure before we have our business!" A sudden surge of passion filled his voice as two of his stamens wrapped around her arms, pulling her down as his main stamen, as hard as steel, pulled out of her sex before slamming back in, sending the fairy queen's love juices sloshing over his petals.

"Yesss!" she cried, her huge breasts bouncing to his deep thrusts, instantly setting off a volcanic orgasm through her spasming body. She had forgotten what such pleasure had felt like, indeed everything in moderation was the fairy way, and Cava-til's intoxicating stimulation reminded her as to why she only had sex once a decade. This could be addictive.

She moaned with abandon as she felt two stamens, not completely hard, writhe and grope around her jiggling tits. The reddish yellow color of his organs were dazzling against her smooth, ivory white flesh, pressing and rubbing against her hardened pink nipples as they kneaded her swaying melons.

Cava-til's rumblings broke her out of her reverie for a moment, just as she felt more of his stamens wrap around her legs, leaving her locked in position for his thrusting manhood. "Although today...I must admit...business is a pleasure..."

His voice had become more unhinged and a little deranged, prompting her to open her eyes. She gasped when she saw his petals, customarily dark blue, were instead flushed deep, sanguine red. Too many questions raced through her mind. Since when could he turn red? And what did he mean that today's business was pleasure? 

She wished she had a sharper mind for these sort of things, but could only sob in ecstasy as her tied down body was pummeled underneath his engorged organ, her heavy and ripe tits colliding against each other in a joyful rhythm as her legs were left splayed before his lusts.

And then, as she turned her face away from another stamen trying to force itself down her mouth, it hit her. The reddish black pedals, the thorns on the stem, the overwhelming, sensuous stimulation...Cava-til had been turned! Her heart fluttered as she realized she was in mortal danger, while spine tingling pleasure pushed such thoughts down, but her will was strong.

"Why!? My love of loves why did you betray me!?" she howled, his thrusting stamen driving her to climax once more, her love juices dribbling over his shaft and into the flower's center. Her eyes rolled back into her head as two of the stamens twisted around her nipples, groping her ripe flesh as another gave a playful slap on her bouncing ass cheeks.

"Because you vapid little creature, my lusts cannot be slaked once a decade, all of the Lords grow weary of coupling with you half wits only to further your own insipid kind! WE WANT MORE! We want pleasure, for all time!"

Luna leaned back on a petal, the betrayal and immense pleasure of it all having brought her low. She tried to pull herself off the stamen but her pussy lips clung to it hungrily, unwilling to part with her lover. She screamed in bliss as another orgasm rocked her, her succulent body breaking out in a sweat, gleaming in the pure light of day. "B-but...I loved you!"

Cava-til shook with fury, his petals trembling as he had the stamens groping her bouncing breasts instead pull away and wrap around her head, preventing her from turning away as another stamen aimed right for her lips. "Ohhh LOVE! Love love love! So tedious a notion, it must have come from a fairy! Was it not our love nourishing this forest and keeping your trifling little kingdom alive? We gave and gave, and how are we compensated? A kiss on the petal, a hop on the stalk?" 

He kneaded her thick bottom, giving her a hard slap on the cheeks, eliciting a surprised cry of pleasure from the fairy queen as his voice darkened, his melodious tones barely holding back his poisonous rage. "We gave until we could give no more, and these...trinkets of affection, these nothings which you so generously gave us, pale before the treasures of the dark queen. Now I'm going to enjoy turning you into our mistress's slave!"

She sobbed in pleasure and terror, unable to block an incoming stamen from jutting down her throat, gagging her protests. She knew no pain, no misery, no guilt as the passion in her veins blanked out all thought in her mind. She felt the sun fall away, her body covered up by the petals as they enclosed around her, bottling her up in a chamber of lust.

The heat within the closed up flower was overbearing, the sauna like conditions making delicate beads of sweat stream down the pouting swells of her chest. She looked down, seeing the foul stamen pulsate and throb, a frothing cauldron of evil ready to inject itself into her her pure, innocent body. Her heavy, pearly globes heaved with desire, her flared hips rolled with intensity as her midriff stretched and scrunched with her gyrations, while her swollen, grasping pussy squelched and sucked, desperate for his vile nectar.

Luna was so hot, and so ready for release, but feared it as well. She heard wretched gurgling sounds booming from a lower place in the flower, Cava-til's deep groans building up for his long awaited climax into her helpless body. She moaned uncontrollably, and made peace with the fact she had no choice in the matter, that her righteous, pure self would be gone by the time the petals lowered.

With a deep growl, Cava-til finally came, his spare, grasping stamens squeezing and grabbing around her pendulous, perfectly shaped breasts. She felt him spew his unholy load down her throat and jet into her womb, her body convulsing and thrashing in his grasp as she suffered the most violent orgasm in her life. Her eyes fluttered as her thighs jerked and spasmed, while drool and nectar bubbled out of her mouth and washed down her shaking tits, her soul blindsided and penetrated by the vile spear of evil that boiled in her veins.

With each beat of the heart, pounding in her ears, she felt another explosion of pleasure race through her body, her lustful moans muffled by the shaft in her mouth. She blacked out from over-stimulation, finding herself subconsciously aware of the feeling that her heart was hardening, becoming stony and impenetrable as a new clarity was grafted onto her mind, ripping away loving sentiment and cherished emotions.

Her head lolled to the side as her body lost its rigidity and became slack, the plowing stamens of Cava-til still keeping up their lustful assault. Her eyes had rolled back into her head as incoherent, animal moans gurgled out of her throat, her brain rendered mush from overwhelming ecstasy, all the while she had realized how foolish she had been all along.

She had no chance against the dark queen in the north, she never did. How naïve she was to think that the power of love could resist such wanton treachery...such incredible sensual delight. As Cava-til's stamens loosened around her arms, her hands involuntarily went to straight to huge breasts, her body eager to quell her insatiable lusts. Her nails rubbed over her bright nipples, pinching them as well sinking into the gorgeous swells of her tits, her fingers nearly overcome by their abundant softness. 

She sobbed and twitched to the impossible sensations coursing through her veins, loving the liquid heat that Cava-til pumped down her throat and deep into her womb. With each gout of wicked nectar spewed into her body, drowning her in bliss, she realized there was nothing to fear about turning to darkness. This was heaven.

Her pussy lips were like a butterfly to a blossom, milking his stamen, until it had sucked every last drop of corrupting nectar into her luscious center. She couldn't think for herself anymore. All thoughts centered around serving and enslaving other's to the dark queen's will, and the more she thought of it, the more aroused she became, an evil smile dawning on her face. She thought of sinking her infernal claws into her innocent daughter and came at the idea, her orgasm setting off a wave of changes across her body.

From within and out, her body burned, her skin erupting into flames, stoking pleasure and pain all the same. Her blonde hair whitened into a wintry hue while her clear, porcelain skin was consumed by magical fire, her complexion charring into obsidian black as her bright blue eyes quickly turned blood red, glowing with inner malevolence. All the while, her glorious fairy wings were remolded, splintering apart and restitching themselves into grotesque bat wings, the ends of her wingspan tipped with sharp claws.

She dropped to her knees, wallowing in her orgiastic downfall as the flames died down, a satisfied growl leaving her lips as she admired the afterglow of her damnation. Clear beads of sweat dribbled down her breasts, gigantic and beautiful, pliable mountains of trembling ebony that caught the glow from floating embers. She took in a deep breath as Cava-til lowered his petals, the fresh forest air blowing away the scent of ash.

To her, it smelled too fresh. She looked forward to the day when the air reeked of fornication, heathen magic and burning trees. But first, she had a daughter to corrupt. Luna stood up, the soft peaks of her chest standing at attention while her sculpted ass bounced proudly from her movement, her lustful body gleaming in the afternoon sun. She grinned as she noticed the full moon pendant resting between her lush cleavage had almost melted away, with only a charred black crescent remaining.

"Thank you Cava-til...for showing me the path. I am so sorry that I did not give you the attention you craved in days past. We will be together forever once I have tarred and ransacked this wretched forest in honor of my Queen."

"All is forgiven in the baptism of fire. I look forward to our days together, my Lady of the Wood. Please do re-educate our daughter as to what it means to be a servant and friend to all the woodland creatures."

Luna smiled evilly. "Oh I will, don't you worry about that."

***

Bella floated to a tall, verdant tree, humming happily as she knocked on its trunk, rapping on the wood with a series of light and heavy knocks, as the bark parted and welcomed her into its enchanted abode. Elmsmile was a perpetually happy tree, and the more joy Bella felt as she took shelter in his center, the more delight was shown on his face.

Bella lived an unhurried, idle life. She often spent her days preening and primping her luxuriant, golden hair in front of the placid, gleaming lakes of her woodland home. She was entranced by her own beauty, washing herself in the sparkling waters as the cool tides licked and lapped at her full, round breasts, an inheritance from her beauteous mother, as were the lush moons of her ass, softer than silk but still as firm as could be.

And yet, for all her self-love, her personality was saccharine sweet, typical of most fairy temperaments, oblivious like most of her kind to the passions her form elicited in baser creatures. Hers was a velvet-lined existence, ignorant of the wars and hardships of greater Camelot, her beauty excusing her indifference.

"Greeetings...Bella....a butterfly...landed....on...me..." boomed the tree, its voice baritone and fatherly, sharing his trivial observation of the past day.

Bella clasped her hands together with a gasp of joy as if it were the greatest news she could possibly hear. "OH! That is so wonderful Elmsmile!" She hugged one of his roots, embracing it like a long lost family member, before looking at it with the kind of sincerity that only a fairy could muster. "You are the greatest tree a fairy could ask for...I can only hope to be as wise as you one day."

Her blissful naivete would be short lived, for the trees of Fair Wood, though noted for their ability to utter piercing eloquence, were absolutely dreadful in their ability to keep a conversation, needing at least a day to vocalize new thoughts and observations. And so Elmsmile could only creak and bend in terror as he heard and felt a fell wind blow his way.

He could sense an infernal tempest, uprooting pines and shattering oaks into screaming splinters of wood, as peaceful forest animals were left tainted and vicious in its wake. He cursed himself for not being able to warn his charge, and hardened his bark as much as he could but to no avail. Mother Luna had arrived.

The fallen Lady of the Wood stopped before Elmsmile, her tremendous bat wings stirring the air as she lowered herself down on the shattered remnants of the surrounding trees. Elmsmile shuddered at her sight. Being a tree, he knew very little of the outside world, but some things were so primal and instinctive to all that live, that he had no doubt that pure evil stood before him.

Mother Luna stepped forward, her eyes glowing like red stars as her succulent breasts jostled to her dominant stride, pouting obsidian globes outlined by her blindingly white tresses, relishing her nudity as she cackled into the air. She put her hand to Elmsmile's trunk, drinking in his fear as she watched his bark darken and fall away underneath her dark magic. She closed her eyes, seeing through the tree's consciousness, and moaned as she saw her daughter inside, completely unaware of the madness outside as she picked flowers in the tree's internal garden.
