 All content of this story is copyright {2014} by Returning_Writer_Guy and is my intellectual property. This is purely a work of fiction and fantasy and not based on any truthful events. No individuals were harmed as none of the individuals in these stories exist. This story is not to be redistributed under any circumstances without my express written permission.

***

Rael sank back into the large brass tub sitting in the middle of their room. The room's furnishings were modest, but the bed was large enough for them both to settle into comfortably as long as Silmaria curled in tightly to him, and the room was clean and tidy. The bedding was simple cotton spun, with a thick wool cover and soft, fresh straw stuffed into the mattress. There was a small ash wood table and two small chairs set under a shuttered window. A patterned rug made the room a bit more cozy, on which the brass tub sat.

Surprisingly, the tub was large enough that Rael could really stretch out his long legs and recline back in a comfortable way, which was something rare indeed. The water from Silmaria's bath had been drained and refilled with fresh, steaming hot water. He gave himself over to the hot water's soothing embrace. 

Allowing himself a rare unguarded moment, the Nobleman shut his eyes and willed himself to relax. It was more difficult than it seemed; being alert and on guard, ever ready for trouble had become a part of his life. His vigilance had kept them alive through the long weeks of their journey, true. But even he couldn't keep his guard up, always; his constant watchfulness was exhausting. 

"Hey, handsome," Silmaria called softly.

Rael cracked one eye to peek at her. Then both eyes opened wide.

His Gnari love stood before him, gloriously naked, her hands resting on the sumptuous curve of her lush hips while she regarded him with a curious expression. Rael hadn't realized just how much the toll of life on the road had changed her until just that moment. The rigors of their dangerous journey had transformed her, just as finally washing the road off had done likewise. 

Silmaria had always been fit and strong, but living on the move, walking for miles on end every day, climbing and hiking through hills and valleys and treacherous mountain passes and all manner of other hardships had trimmed and sculpted her body well. Silmaria was still amply curvaceous and soft in all the most delicious of places, but now her flat belly was taut with gently defined, feminine muscle, and her smooth legs were solid and strong, well-muscled in her shapely thighs. Her ass was sculpted and round. Two solid, tantalizing globes of fit, firm, grab-able flesh. She was still the same little slip of a woman she'd ever been, but her small stature and deliciously sensual curves were now complimented with an athletic sense of vitality and feminine strength.

Even more evident, she was glowingly beautiful now that she was clean. Which was not to say she hadn't been beautiful and alluring when covered in trail dust and the wear of the wild, of course. He'd found her every bit as desirable then. But now, freshly washed and brushed, her abundant black curls were light and silky soft with health, the true depth of their darkness revealed and begging to be twined around his fingers. Likewise, her pelt was healthier than it had been in some time, glossy and satin, with the richness of the whites and orange and black all mingling together in stark, exotic contrast. Even her face seemed refreshed, and her smile was radiant and proud when she noticed his eyes on her.

Silmaria came to him, her steps a purposeful feline slink. For a moment Rael's eyes didn't know where to go, so they settled on going everywhere.

"Have I told you lately how heartbreakingly beautiful you are?" Rael asked her softly as she perched lightly on the edge of the tub.

"You're just saying that because I'm not a dusty, dirty wildcat anymore," Silmaria laughed softly, the sound of smooth stones falling into a deep pool.

Rael smirked lightly. "Clean wildcat, dirty wildcat. Beautiful all the same."

"Sure I am," Silmaria said with a smile, and flicked droplets of water at him with her fingertips.

Then the Gnari bent to kiss him, soft and slow. After, naked still, she knelt beside the tub. Her movement was purposeful and careful, and Rael senses a shift in her demeanor. He had trouble placing the expression on her face, but the closest he could equate it to was focused. Calm, and somewhat reverent.

Silmaria grabbed the lump of soap they'd been given. She took one of Rael's large feet, dripping from the tub, and began to wash it.

Rael's brow rose. "What are you doing?" he asked curiously.

"Washing you, what does it look like?" Silmaria said with a light smirk before her seriousness returned. "May I, please?"

"I've never had someone else do it for me," Rael admitted with an awkward smile. Though it would have been well within his right and privilege as a Noble, Rael had never had anyone else wash him since he was old enough to do it himself.

"Please?" Silmaria repeated. 

Rael paused, noting the tone of her voice. And he realized then that this was as much for her as it was for him, if not more.

"Go ahead," he acquiesced.

Silmaria gave him a soft smile of thanks, and continued.

The girl handled her Master's body carefully, soaping up his sore foot with careful hands, getting it thoroughly sudsy and clean before beginning to massage his foot with surprisingly strong, small fingers. She worked her fingertips and thumbs, even her palms into his foot, the arch and heel, the top. Even his toes she paid special care to, thoroughly massaging him with that same focused, calm, if somewhat determined look on her face. Then she rinsed the soap from his foot, and moved her soapy hands up to his taut, hard calves. Her fingers worked at the thick bundle of muscles there in a slow, purposeful way, and then up to his knee, and the powerful swell of his thighs before switching to his other leg and repeating the process all over again.

Silmaria continued her ministrations to the rest of Rael's body. All the while, she maintained the same purposeful pace, the same reverent touch. There was a peace in her eyes, during those moments, a peace that spoke of a depth of love and devotion and a deep seeded need to serve and provide for his needs. Her care left Rael humbled, and his chest tight with warmth even as his body relaxed under her ministrations.

It was a strange experience, but wonderful. Rael had never allowed someone to so devotedly working at his body to ease his aches and pains and make him truly relaxed. Indeed, he was deeply, utterly relaxed just then; the aches and pains of the long road seemed to disappear under Silmaria's skilled fingers. 

He wasn't sure he would have enjoyed it in any other circumstances, and likely would have felt quite strange and uncomfortable. Silmaria's dutiful care, however, felt right.

The last of the soap was rinsed away from his body. Rael stood slowly, and stretched his back and legs with renewed vigor and health, feeling like a new man entirely.

Silmaria knelt beside the brass tub. She stared up at her Master as the water rolled off him in rivulets, little streams of the glistening water running along the many grooves of his battle-toned muscle and scared flesh.

Wordless and with the same careful, tender purpose, Silmaria leaned forward and took Rael's still dripping cock between her lips.

Rael let out a low groan of pleasure. Silmaria stared up at him, her big, bright green feline eyes never leaving his own strange silvers as she drew the full length of her Lord's dick into the warm, softly suckling confines of her mouth. Immediately Rael's cock began to grow, rapidly expanding and filling with blood and arousal. Silmaria kept her lips firmly nestling against the base of Rael's cock, letting it fill her mouth as her tongue played along the length of that swelling flesh. Even when his generous cock lengthened to slide down her throat, spreading her supple, slippery muscles there around the meaty girth, Silmaria held herself in place, swallowing him down with hungry little swallows.

Not until his cock was fully erect and throbbing, fat and jerking deep down her throat and Silmaria was softly gagging on his flesh, her muscles contracting and squeezing, did the Gnari at last pull back. She let his cock pop wetly from her mouth, and she gasped and softly choked with a thick rope of saliva dangling from full, trembling lips to drip down her neck and ample chest. As she gathered her composure, Silmaria stared up at Rael, her eyes glossed over with lust and shining with utter devotion.

Rael plunged his strong hands into the still slightly damp darkness of her lustrous curls. His hands found her delicately made furred ears atop her head, running them between his thumbs and forefingers. Silmaria shivered, that touch sending a primal surge of pleasure racing through her body, twisting along the pathways of her nerve endings and hopscotching down the length of her spine. She pressed her face to Rael's swollen, wet cock, nuzzling it, rubbing it against her cheeks and lips as she inhaled the scent that was so intrinsically and unmistakably him. 

"Master," Silmaria breathed just to hear the word on her lips, to feel it roll meaningfully off her tongue, the word and the tone and the weight of its meaning making the both of them ache for what she offered to him with that single, deceptively simple word.

Control. Power. Her devotion, undying. Unguarded, unrestrained access to all that she was. She laid herself bare, right there at his feet, offering all that she was.

His.

Rael stared down into those upturned eyes, and did the only thing he possibly could.

He took.

There was all of her, at his fingertips. Rael guided her head back to the rigid shaft of his cock and she went oh-so willingly. The girl ran her talented, agile tongue along the pulsing underside of her Master's heavy flesh. Silmaria traced the distended veins throbbing along the solid sides. Felt the beat of his strong heart and the coursing of passion burning in his blood. 

When Silmaria took Rael back into her mouth he gripped her head and began to thrust his hips in deep, long thrusts, driving his bulging dick down the sweet surrendering Gnari's supple throat. Silmaria moaned deeply, her head swimming with satisfaction as her Master took what he pleased from her. His cock throbbed with life as it thrust down her gripping throat, and she slurped, her tongue working over his flesh. He buried himself down her throat until her lips kissed the root of his meat, and she gave a wet, strangled gag. And again. And again.

Saliva glistened in sticky strands from Silmaria's puffy lips, shining threads of passion that dripped down onto her heaving tits. Silmaria was utterly filled with him, all her senses consumed and overrun with Rael. The smell of him. The strong, fleshy taste of him, peppered with the snatches of his sweet, syrupy precum. The feel of his powerful guiding hands in her hair and his engorged cock stuffing her hungry little mouth. The sound of his growl; the rumbling of it made her cunt clench violently. And his eyes, staring down into hers.

His eyes, as intense and focused and vivid as ever they'd been, and understanding more and more just how deeply he owned her. 

Rael grew rougher, his thrusts harder. Silmaria sucked and slurped and gagged, choking on her Master's cock until tears glazed over her eyes, and still she stared up at him. She stared at him as he choked her with his cock. She stared too as his forceful claiming of her mouth and throat made her tears spill over. And she stared into his eyes even still, as she reached between her splayed thighs and shoved three fingers into her cunt, and desperately thrust and screwed her fingers deep into her clenching pussy as she violently exploded, cumming hard as she screamed around Rael's impressive cock.

Rael jerked his dick from her throat, and Silmaria gasped in a huge lungful of breath and collapsed onto the floor, trembling and twitching. Rael stared down at her, sprawled on the floor, her knees bent with her hand still trapped between her strong thighs, sticky and wet. Her breasts bounced with her gasps, coral pink nipples vivid against the creamy white of the velvet pelt along her belly and the generous round mounds of her tits. Her hair, clean and glossy and silken was disheveled and hung forward to hide her face.

The Nobleman gave a soft growl, his desire ignited into a raging inferno. He easily gathered the smallish woman into his heavily muscled, powerful arms and carried her to the bed, where he placed her on her belly. 

Silmaria began to stir, but before she could even fully rise, Rael gripped the round, supple swell of her ass and pulled it up into the air. Silmaria gasped lightly, her eyes going wide, and then Rael's powerful hands parted her solid buttocks and the hot, wet press of his tongue dragged firmly along the valley between her cheeks, from the drooling cleft of her slippery pink slit up along her crack and over the tight, quivering pucker of her asshole. Rael's talented tongue worked along her anus, circling the fluttering ring of pink muscle, swirling along her delicate rosebud in a deliciously wicked erotic dance.

"Oh fuck, oh Master, yes," Silmaria moaned, her breath coming out in a frantic pant. She pressed her ass back, wiggling, eager for his attentions in whatever form they took. Rael licked at her pert, clenching asshole, prodding it briefly with the tip of his tongue before he shifted his attention back down to her pussy. 

His hands, powerful and rough, kneaded and squeezed the Gnari's lush ass as Rael plunged his tongue into the quivering depths of his love's fragrant pussy. He lapped and sucked, his mouth filling with the distinct flavor of her. The silky sweet stickiness of her arousal was a delicate treat that quickened his lust all the more. Silmaria moaned and whimpered, and she writhed beneath him as he feasted between her legs.

Once Rael found the hard, tight little swell of Silmaria's clit, it took but moments before the Gnari came again, screaming. Her back arched as she pushed back into his hands and torturously talented mouth once more. Her flanks trembled and her muscles tensed deliciously as ecstasy raced through every taut fiber of her being. Before her first orgasm fully died down Rael cruelly, and wonderfully, began to lightly worry and nibble and nip at her clit with his sharp, oh-so lovely teeth, making her cum again, violently now, a great burning explosion of pleasure-pain slamming her in the gut and radiating through her in great, racing waves. 

Silmaria shrieked. And screamed. Then she sobbed, tears of overwhelming pleasure and unexplainable release running down her cheeks as firecrackers went ballistic behind her eyes. Her pussy contracted, desperately gripping at nothing, and great gushes of sticky wet pussy juice spilled from her in shining rivulets down her wiggling legs.

Rael watched, felt, and tasted every last moment, and he reveled. Reveled in her pleasure and her pain. Reveled in her release, her spiral into that deeply gratifying, desperately needed pleasure. He basked in her surrender, and fed on the primal, overwhelming sexuality that was His Silmaria.

"M-more...please," she whimpered when at last she could breathe again. Her voice was raw, full of tears. Twitchy with overstimulated nerves and gut-wrenching lust.

"Tell me what you need," Rael rumbled behind her as he trailed a solitary, powerful fingertip slowly up the drooling length of her heated slit.

He knew. He asked her, even though he knew. And she knew it. He asked her to make her say it. To make her speak it aloud. To make her face it, that she wouldn't try to hide it or deny it. 

Because she couldn't. 

Not to him.

"Hurt me."

Rael pressed his finger deep into her core. 

Yes. Oh, fuck yes. 

Pressed inside her, swirling in her clutching wetness, caressing inside. That was good. But it didn't hurt. It wasn't scratching that part of her itch, wasn't sating that need. Almost, she wondered if he was denying her this time.

Then he surprised her. Silmaria let out a soft gasp, her eyes fluttering when she felt the press of his thick finger retreat from her cunt to move to her exposed, vulnerable little pucker of an asshole. She bit her lip, stifling a moan as he circled her anus for a few tantalizing moments. When the slow, patient, steady pressure of his finger pressed to her rosebud, she moaned out loud and pushed her ass back, welcoming.

"Tell me why you want me to hurt you," Rael spoke as he slid his finger into the warm embrace of Silmaria's ass. The Gnari girl moaned, quavering. His strong finger opened her asshole slowly but firmly open, spreading her sphincter, the tender muscles parting and yielding for him. Her ass was tight and gripping. Yet, no stranger to this type of invasion, she took her Master's finger with relative little discomfort.

But his question was throwing her off. Her mind was afog with lust and pleasure and need. She could barely form a clear thought beyond a simple and primal fuck me, fuck me, dear gods fuck me. 

"Wh-what?" she croaked at last.

"Tell me," Rael repeated, punctuating his words with a twist of his finger up her succulent bottom. "Why you want me to hurt you."

"I c-can't!" Silmaria moaned, swallowing, and arching her back to offer her ass up more. His finger felt delicious up her ass, but oh, she needed so much more than that!

"Tell me," Rael insisted. Confident now that she could handle some force her, he thrust a second finger up her ass, much less patiently this time, ramming it up her clutching bowels alongside the first and stretching the ring of her asshole wider.

"I...I..." 

Conflict and confusion. And, startlingly, embarrassment welled inside Silmaria. They settled, heavy weight in her clenching belly. What he asked was simple... but so very hard. She shook her head, tossing her thick mane as she whimpered. She was grateful he couldn't see her face, scrunched up as her eyes misted with tears. His fingers probed and pressed into her ass, slowly swirling inside her, stretching her delicate, gripping anus as he thrust them in and out of her asshole.

"Tell me!" Rael growled into her ear, this time a command.

"Because I need it!" Silmaria whimpered. She pressed the side of her face into the bed as she arched her ass up, utterly exposed, wanting, and desperate for his touch. Any touched he wanted, only please, please, more. 

"Because I need to hurt," she went on as his fingers probed deeply at her ass, sliding in and out of her straining, welcoming bowels. "Because it's what I know, and it's what I need, and what I crave! It makes me feel wretched, and worthless, and complete and so wrongly right!"

Rael continued to explore her tender, dark hole as the words came tumbling out, now beyond all control. "Because I love you. Because I know you can hurt me so well. And because I know you'll scrape together the pieces when I'm done shattering. I need it, my Lord, my Master, my love, I need your pain and I need your tenderness and I need you to know me, every last bit of me!"

"I know you," Rael rumbled behind her, and as his fingers continued their rough work in her ass, stretching her little ring open, he leaned down and kissed the firm, meaty swell of her supple ass before biting it firmly.

Silmaria cried out, her eyes going wide as her back bowed, arching. Her asshole stung perfectly, mingling waves and pleasure and pain washing through her and wracking her body with quivering ecstasy. His teeth on her flesh only made the sensation all the more overwhelming.

"I know you," the Nobleman went on, "I know your goodness, and your darkness. Your kind, loving heart, and the wicked demands of your cunt. I know your tender love and devotion, and your cravings for pain and torment. I know you, Sil, and I love you without fail."
