 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 68: Morning Fun

"Now that we know how we're going to execute Faust, we should discuss with him how he wants us to reincarnate him," Caleldir began. "Giving him a touch of Celestial ancestry, well, that is extraordinarily difficult, but possible. So, Faust, between now and your execution, think about how you want your next life to be. I can change things a bit for you through my knowledge of the Gene Forge and how it works, but I will need a few days of uninterrupted work and a good deal of resources to keep the Reincarnate spell from being, well, completely random."

"Since you seem to know me so well, I'll let you decide what I'll want to do in my next life," Faust responded in a humorless, emotionless tone. Then he turned and sat down on his bed with his head in his hands.

"Are you sure you do not have any preferences?" Althaia asked Faust in an apologetic tone. "I mean, I did not mean to be cruel when I suggested that you could be a paladin. The entire point of this is that we are giving you a true second chance: the ability to start anew and live an entire new life, shorn of any baggage from the old one. So, please, just think on what you want from your second chance. Forget that this life will have to end, and look to the chance to choose who you want to be." She suddenly grinned. "Else, I am going to turn you into a pretty female Aasimar with lovely light silver-blue skin, mercury eyes, and white hair. Because the world can always use more female paladins."

"On the plus side, literally no one would be able to recognize Faust after that," Caleldir observed. "But unless he really wants to try life as a woman, I do not recommend doing that."

"Do not make me female," Faust ordered. Well, it may not have intended to be an order, but with his voice, everything sounded authoritative. He didn't stand for where he sat, nor did he even lift his head from his hands again. "As you say, I will contemplate what I wish my next life to be," the tiefling said, with a strong hint behind his words that he wanted to be left alone.

Althaia sighed. "I like males just fine, but you will all have to admit that females are better looking. It is certainly more fun to design them. I do worship deities that prefer female to male, especially aesthetically. As Sune says: there is a reason that mortals worship a Goddess of Beauty rather than a God of Beauty!"

"Your deities have questionable theology all around," Caleldir muttered. "Just... just leave Faust to decide on his own." Caleldir said in exasperation. 

"Yeah, you are the most beautiful person I've met, Althaia, but generally men can be just as attractive as women. Faust will make a beautiful Aasimar, male or female," Ashyr said as she shut the portal with everyone except Faust on the outside.

So, the two of them followed the others out. 

"So... Faust's room? It has a nice bed," Caleldir yawned. 

"Yes. Faust's rooms tonight," Ashyr decided. "You want to stay with us, Lotta? I think his bed will just about fit all of us. "

"Sure, I guess," the human agreed.

"Anyway, you could even turn him into a male nymph or something like that. Maybe then, Cal wouldn't have to be raped so much by all the fey in the area." Ashyr poked at Caleldir's side. "Then again, I don't think he would enjoy the competition."

"Sadly, turning him into a nymph, male or otherwise, would be several orders of magnitude more difficult than turning him into an Aasimar," Althaia responded regretfully.

"Because of the Level Adjustment!" Caleldir nodded.

"What?" Althaia asked, confused.

"Just a reference to an old philosophical concept you suddenly became an expert in while drunk," Caleldir grinned. 

Carlotta let out a great yawn, and as she exhaled it appeared as if she literally deflated. When she was done yawning, she was back to her normal size. "Can we talk about this later. I am, just, so tired," the little human complained.

"Carlotta is right. We should sleep," Caleldir agreed.

"Alright, Lotta." Ashyr agreed with a half-smile. She began to walk towards a side passage that led to the upper floors where Faust's room was positioned. "I hate to say it, but I think all of us don't have much energy for anything except sleep, so we can all cuddle up and probably fit on the one bed. There is a couch, though, if the boys refuse to share." She looked toward Caleldir for an answer to that, since she knew Tsabdrin didn't care. 

The bed was quite a large one, as beds went. Faust was a fairly large man, after all, and a lord always needed plenty of room to spread out and relax. It would be a bit of a tight fit for all six of them, but that never stopped the party before. Granted, there had never been six of them, nor had there ever been more than one male.

Caleldir took one look at how many people where in the bed, and decided to sleep on the couch. "I really do not mind sharing sleeping arrangements with Tsabdrin, to be honest." Caleldir noted. "I mean, I spent much of my life as a monk, and had to bunk with other monks quite a lot, but six people is a bit much for that bed. No room to stretch." He yawned. "See you in the morning." Shifting his clothing to a monk-like loose tunic and breeches, he laid down on the large couch.

"Spoilsport." Althaia muttered. She, of course, had no compunctions about sleeping naked no matter how many people where around. After all, she had had no compunctions about streaking through the castle either.

Selene gave one look towards Althaia, who she was still sort of mad at; Carlotta, who she didn't even really know; and her brother. None of those people seemed very appealing to sleep with at that moment. Or any moments, in the case of Tsabdrin. "Move over a bit." The mage ordered Caleldir. 

"It is not a very large couch." Caleldir commented. "But, you are not a very large elf either." He gratefully snuggled in with her and closed his eyes.

Ashyr scoffed. "Bah, you two are no fun." She chided the both of them. But really, she wasn't all that surprised. 

Ashyr's words were met with enthusiastic agreement by Althaia. "Yep, no fun at all." She nodded. "One would think that the three of you suffered from self-consciousness or something."

"It's a terrible personality flaw, self-consciousness." Ashyr agreed with a sagely nod. 

"Goodnight." Caleldir muttered with finality.

"Well, goodnight to you too!" Althaia yawned.

"Carlotta, you know where spare blankets are?" The human did, it turned out, and handed one to Ashyr. The oldest drow then laid the blanket over the two 'spoilsports' and left them in the living room to sleep. 

By that time, Carlotta and Tsabdrin were already sitting on either side of the large bed. Both human and drow wore the light tunics and short leggings typically worn under their leather armor. They were giving each other awkward looks out of the corners of their eyes when they thought the other wasn't looking. Ashyr laughed at the both of them. "You two don't have to be next to each other if you don't want." A naughty grin spread across her face. "I'll sleep between you."

The human sighed in relief.

"Gods, why do you both have to be so awkward." The oldest drow chuckled again. "We're just sleeping, I promise. At least until we wake up in the morning super horny." She only laughed harder when Carlotta turned bright red again. Tsabdrin also looked uncomfortable about the whole situation. Neither were at all attracted to the other, it seemed. Made sense. 

As promised, Ashyr crawled up between them, flopped down on the bed, and let her clothes shift to what the human and other drow were wearing. "So, Althaia. Who would you like to sleep with? The fair freckled human, or tall dark and handsome? Er. Tall to me, anyway." Tsabdrin was Selene's height, and both had a couple inches on their cousin. All of them were shorter than the nymphs, though.

"I think I will take the other side of Carlotta tonight. I took Tsabdrin last night, if you all know what I mean," Althaia was not the best at subtlety.

Tsabdrin looked almost disappointed. It was fair enough, however. The dazzling paladin had visited his bed the night before. Ashyr smirked at him and pulled him closer to her. They automatically tangled their limbs together and then dropped off into contented sleep before they even realized it was happening. 

Carlotta smiled drunkenly at the blinding beauty. Her small frame pressed against Althaia's as if magnetized. She actually managed to get a hand on one of the nymph's perfect breasts before a combination of alcohol and exhaustion made her pass out completely. Her face held a vague, happy smile as she slept better than she had in what seemed like ages.

It didn't take long for the rest of them to fall asleep.

--

Ashyr awoke before the human and other drow did. The sun only just recently threatened to crest the horizon. It was still quite dark across the city, and especially in the castle room where all the curtains were pulled across the windows. Usually, this was the cue for her to get out of bed and go for a run. Or perhaps meditate. The female ranger wanted to do neither. After all, she had been deprived of the nightly ritual of becoming intimately reacquainted with whomever was in her party at the time. 

The redhead's eyes fluttered open to the delicious sight and sensation of a still very naked Ashyr with a hand down the formerly sleeping human's pants. It was confusing at first, but not at all unwelcome. "Hold that thought..." Carlotta mumbled nigh incoherently. She crawled to the foot of the bed, reached down toward her belongings on the floor, and took out that bottle she had displayed to Althaia the night before. She quaffed it, then flopped back down where she had been in the bed.

"Hungover?" the oldest drow muttered to her with amusement.

"Not for long," Carlotta replied. "Now, what was it you were doing?" 

Ashyr face nearly split in two with a wide, naughty grin. "Oh, you mean this?" And her hand went back to where it was down her trousers, while her lips and tongue fondled the outside edge of Carlotta's rounded ear. No doubt the rest of the party would awaken after that; Carlotta was not trying to be quiet.

Althaia's dreams that night, despite the joy of having a bed companion as amiable as Carlotta, were disturbed. In the end, the nymph did not sleep that well. Too much worry and guilt. So when Ashyr and Carlotta started getting it on next to her, the nymph pulled herself awake and up from the bed. "Good morning." She said sadly. She glanced over at the trysting human and drow. She then cracked a smile. "I see that some people know how to start the day off right." She grinned. Standing up and stretching, she glanced out of the window. "I will be back soon." She declared. "I have... things to do." With that, she shifted into a bird and flew out the window.

Tsabdrin mumbled something in undercommon when the sound of Althaia's voice woke him. He turned over just in time to watch the nymph shift into a bird and fly away. He blinked in sleepy confusion. "What's up with... her..." He began to ask, but then he noticed what Ashyr was doing to Carlotta. He sighed. Apparently it was party bonding time, and his only willing partner just flew out the window. "Great." The male drow muttered. Then he threw his portion of the blankets aside and groggily got himself out of bed. "Guess I'm going for a run. And a cold bath."

"I have never seen her like that before." Caleldir said slightly groggily as he sat up. He ran his fingers through Selene's silky white hair. "For that matter, I have never seen her turn into a bird before either." He lightly stroked the tip of Selene's dark, pointed ear. "Good morning Selene." He said tenderly. It was hard to believe that now, a mere couple of months after he had met the beautiful drow aristocrat, the two of them were practically lovers. He mentally said 'practically' because Selene had a certain tsundere quality to her where she tended to get prickly about such things. He glanced over at the two drow and one human still on the bed. "And good morning to you three as well." He yawned. He had slept very well. Perhaps not so much as the perfectly happy Carlotta, but very well indeed.

Ashyr paused what she was doing to look over toward the other ranger. Then she moved her gaze to his sister and Caleldir. Yeah, the current group of people were really quite incompatible with him. "Alright. Maybe see about food? Selene's going to be ravenously hungry any moment."

"Yeah, okay," he agreed, then he and his animal companions left the remainder of the party to it.

Selene, as usual, was the last one to finally open her eyes. Still half-asleep, she made a soft, happy noise at Caleldir's gentle caresses. That didn't last all long. When she began to become fully awake, she pulled away from him and sat up. She blearily looked around the room, frowned softly, then pulled out the remainder of her trail rations and began to eat. Just as Ashyr predicted. Her predictable actions seemed to amuse everyone.

With Ashyr's hand back out of her pants, Carlotta sat up. Her curly mess of hair fell into her face until she managed to wrangle half of it into a tie at the back of her head. "Why's Selene going to be hungry?" She asked with vague curiosity.

"We didn't tell you?" Ashyr asked as she slid in behind Carlotta, moved some of her wildly curly hair out of the way, and began kissing a nibbling at her neck. "Turns out, Selene's pregnant. Cal's the sire."

The human's eyes fluttered shut, and she moaned softly. "Con... gratulations?" She said, though she was unsure if this was happy news or not. Adventuring and pregnancy rarely mixed well, after all.

"Ashyr speaks true," Caleldir said with an awkward smile on his face. "The three, or four, if you count Althaia, of us went on a difficult quest partly in order to deal with Selene's pregnancy. Half-drow are not very well-liked in the Underdark, I may point out, so among other things I managed to make sure that our daughter would appear to be, on the surface, pure drow. In fact, she will be half-nymph, which will not hurt her standing in drow society. Neither will the fact that she will be a paragon. That may make her a bit harder to manage, though." Paragons being people of mythical power, after all. Potentially, Caleldir himself could become such a creature with time, but as of yet he had had not managed to tap into any such power.

"Ugh. Super powerful teenagers. I don't envy you twenty years from now or however long it takes for... that sort of... thing..." Carlotta said, but trailed off as Ashyr's hand went back down her pants.

Selene groaned at that thought. "Lolth knows I have enough problems with my first one, and she was only impressively powerful. But a paragon?" 

"Well, you can count on me to try to help with her," Caleldir suggested sheepishly. "I mean, I know that drow do not do things the same way, but I am certain I can be of some help."

She sighed, and put away her food. She didn't exactly go into depression again after thinking of her daughter, but she certainly wanted something to distract her. So Selene stood, took Caleldir by the hands, and began to pull him over to the bed. There were two vacant spots, after all.

"You okay with them here?" Ashyr asked Carlotta softly, but easily loud enough for Caleldir to hear. 

"Hmm?" The human asked. She opened her eyes again, and contemplated the other two. Her cheeks were already flushed, and her breathing heavy. It was getting to the point that she didn't care what happened, as long as Ashyr kept going. "Yeah, um, it's fine. Caleldir doesn't count... as a... man..." She said, clearly not paying attention to the words coming out of her mouth.

"Errr... Okay then," Caleldir said neutrally, though somewhat offended. "I guess I am just that girly, I suppose." Despite his grousing, Caleldir was not really girly by elven standards. BY Light Elven standards he was very firmly masculine. Then again, Carlotta was a human.

Carlotta blinked her eyes open. If her face could turn any more red, it would have. "Oh! I uh- I didn't mean that you're girly." She cast Ashyr a rather awkward look as she desperately tried to salvage her thoughtless comment.

"You're the only man she's found remotely attractive. Probably has something to do with how you look when your veil is dropped. So... you're a man, but not. Or something like that." Ashyr tried to explain. Frankly, she was paying more attention to Carlotta that she was to Caleldir's ego. 

"You toe the line between masculine and feminine, by our standards." Selene said. "Which probably means something very different in my culture than it does in yours. But I don't see why that matters right now." The mage said as she pushed Caleldir onto the bed and quickly joined the other three by sitting on top of him, straddling him. Her hips began to slowly grind against him, and a wicked smile pulled at the corner of her lips.

Caleldir probably would have speculated more on the various differences in the perception of sexual roles across the races and in general droned on for a few more minutes when Selene's sudden straddling killed that line of thought. 

"You know, I think that I am getting rather used to a view of you from this angle," Caleldir commented. "This is the position we were in when I first met you, after all." Taken momentarily off his stride by Selene's action, he quickly got into the spirit of things. One hand slipped up her thigh and under her nightgown, teasing at her inner thigh and around her nether regions. The other slid up her side. His own clothing he did not dispel just yet, in case Selene would rather undress him (or deactivate it if she did not want to bother).

"You like to mention that, don't you?" Selene observed. She lifted her arms to allow Caleldir to pull her nightgown over her head. As usual, the younger drow was completely naked underneath that one layer of clothing. 

"What can I say, it made an impression on me," Caleldir replied. "I was pretty bitter about it for awhile."

"Bitter? Ha!" Selene exclaimed. Then she leaned forward against Caleldir. "You enjoyed every minute of it... And everything that happened after." She whispered in his ear with a husky, aroused voice. Her lips brushed against his ear as she spoke. When she was done speaking, her teeth closed lightly over his earlobe and her tongue flicked across the soft flesh. 

There was a time that Caleldir would have shivered against Selene's touch. That was when he was far less familiar with it. As things were, he let out a happy sigh and wrapped his arms around her. He slid his hand from her between her shoulders down her back and to her bottom, giving it a squeeze. "I could argue the point, but it seems rather pointless now," he replied. "In hindsight, I enjoyed it. Not so much at that time. But that is what makes it hot, right? Making me enjoy it despite myself? From the first I never could resist you, Selene. And now I do not even want to."

Selene decided to likewise begin to pull off his clothes as if she didn't need to just poke a point in his chest to make them disappear. It was quite the contrast from when she first undressed him all that time ago. "Or would you rather I do this with a knife?" She asked as she began to lift his shirt up his torso.
