 Prissy let her block on 'Lyssa's powers dissolve away. She figured that the nicer she was for now, the better her chances were of coming out of this mess in one piece.

David paced through the entrance hall looking at his surroundings.

Fine wood paneling lined the walls; Furniture any piece of which would bring a fortune from any antique auction decorated the rooms that he could see through the doors that opened off the hallway.

He followed 'Lyssa's voice into a large sitting room. 'Lyssa was in her true form for the moment, and she was stretching ands luxuriating in her newfound freedom.

Jenny was sitting nervously in her chair, looking at what the girl she had sat next to for all those miles had changed into.

Hell, David didn't blame Jenny for being nervous. Hell, 'Lyssa1s true form was more than a little unnerving even for him. And HE had just fought and killed a freaking DRAGON, for Pete's sake. 'Lyssa saw David in the doorway looking at her, and she looked down at herself. 'Lyssa shimmered and flowed into her human form.

'Lyssa skipped over to David and hugged his arm. "This is my home! I never thought I would see it again! Thank you!" She planted a deep kiss on David that left him a little breathless.

Prissy allowed her self a small smile at the display of affection. This was good. She wanted David in as good a mood as possible when they had their little talk. Maybe she should see if she could get him laid?

Hmmm, Maybe Jenny would be amenable... Prissy broke off the thought in midstream. Nope, she wasn't about to meddle any more. She glanced at David and swallowed hard. He was looking straight into her eyes, and she had the sneaky suspicion that he was reading her thoughts. David turned away from Prissy, wondering why she had lost her smile all of a sudden. Too bad, He thought she was fairly attractive in her human form, and a smile on her face brought a glimpse of true beauty.

'Lyssa pulled a tasseled rope hanging to one side of the door. Moments later, a serving maid appeared.

"I want supper prepared. Selected for 4 humans, class 2. We will dine in the next room." 'Lyssa directed.

"At once mistress." said the maid with a curtsy. Then she vanished like a puff of smoke. 

David let a small smile tug at the corners of his mouth. That maid had a nice figure and a pretty face once you got past the fine pebbly scales on an otherwise human looking girl. Gorgeous golden eyes too.

"Do you have books? A library maybe?" David asked 'Lyssa. 

"Two doors down on the right beloved, Help yourself." She replied.

David raised an eyebrow. Beloved hmmm?

Whistling a jaunty tune, David took his leave of the ladies and sauntered down the hallway to the door indicated. Opening the door, David stepped into the room. No one was there in the hallway to see the door swing silently shut behind him. Jenny sat the others down in the sitting room and called for coffee, tea and drinks. 'Lyssa and Jenny and Prissy were soon in an animated discussion of trivial things. Keeping the mood light and passing time.

'Lyssa sent servants out to bring the weapons and supplies from the truck into the sitting room, where they were piled on a table in the corner.

Soon the maid appeared again. "The meal is served Mistress." And she vanished again. The door to the library opened about that time.

~David's Hiatus~

David stepped into the library and looked around appreciatively. He took a step forward and

Was enveloped in a dense gray fog.

"GODDAMNIT!!!! NOT AGAIN!!" David yelled. Then the fog cleared.

David could see rows of bookshelves vanishing off into the distance. HE could not see the ceiling

of wherever he was, only a shapeless pearly glow providing light evenly from the whole overhead

area. David climbed up the bookshelves to stand atop one row. Row upon row of bookshelves as

far as the eye could see, stretching off to either side into the distance. The only break in

the monotony were cross aisles and a black cube looking building a few rows away.

David climbed down from the shelf and set off for the building. 

If he was going to find any answers, they would likely be found there.

David finally came up to the sole door in the building. It was no taller than the shelves, and

was about 40 feet on a side. David straightened his shoulders and stepped inside.

There was an easy chair and a couch over to the right, a table and chairs on the other side of the room; a shower stall and toilet were in a corner with a thin curtain shielding it from the rest of the room. There was a refrigerator and a stove close to the table. There were several cabinets and a sink next to the stove; and there was a door on the other side of the room. David was sure that there was no corresponding door on the outside of the building. David snorted, with all that had happened to him in the last week, he was expecting logic? He shook his head and opened the door.

There was an enormous gym on the other side. Racks of swords and other weapons lined one of the walls; there was a basketball hoop and a basketball on the far wall. And there was a complete set of exercise machines and free weights over at one end. And no one in sight. David turned around and went back into the apartment room. That gym was dozens of times larger than the whole damn outside of the building. "Just call me Dr. Who." David quipped to himself. Just what he always wanted, His own TARDIS. [Time And Relative Dimensions In Space]

There was now a note on the table. David picked it up and sat down to read it. . .  The paper puffed into vapor as he finished reading it.

Whistling the theme from 'Mission Impossible', David explored the cabinets and the rest of the room.

"May as well get started." David said aloud to himself. And he went out to the closest bookshelf and took down a thick book that caught his eye.

The writing on the spine of the book shifted and changed into English. The title of the book was "Simple Levitation and Flying Spells". Well enough. He would need these to explore this damn place, provided the spells worked.

David snagged a couple more books to take with him, and he went back into the apartment. Once inside, David sat the books on a coffee table next to the easy chair. He went over and prepared a snack, then settled down to read and to ยง%-s snack

~Much later.~

David was in much better physical shape, and he had learned so much!

He had long since lost track of time in this place. After the first 100 years or so, Time becomes

pretty meaningless.

David looked at the 3D pictures of 'Lyssa, Prissy, and Jenny that he had conjured during the

first weeks of his stay. It was time to go.

David opened the door to the room and stepped into another reality.

~Back to the mansion~

'Lyssa looked up as David strode into the room where he had left them.

"Find anything suitable beloved?"

David smiled and swept 'Lyssa up in his arms as if she was light as a feather. "When's supper?"

He asked.

Prissy looked David, over, noting the subtle and not so subtle differences.

David looked at her and winked. Among the other things he had learned was all about Prissy and

her penchant for practical jokes. He would have fun discussing her role in all this later.

David set 'Lyssa down and: pulled Jenny and Prissy in for hugs and kisses.

GODS how he had missed simple human contact!

'Lyssa led her guests into the dining room. Liveried servants stood by to cater to the slightest whim.

Supper was aged, rare roast beef with all the trimmings, and sinfully rich chocolate cake for dessert.

After the meal, they all retired to the sitting room to relax and talk. Jenny was exhausted after the eventful day, and 

'Lyssa summoned a servant to show Jenny to her room. David gave her a good night kiss and a pat. 

Jenny followed the servant out and away.

They went down the hall and up a sweeping staircase to the second floor.

The Jenny room led to was luxurious to an extent that she had never known. There was a marble tub for bathing, and at a gesture from the maid, the tub began filling with water. Jenny trailed her fingers in the water. It was just right. Jenny turned to thank the maid, but she was already gone.

Jenny undressed and stepped into the tub, lowering herself until she was immersed up to her chin. As the warmth relaxed and soothed her tired muscles, Jenny leaned her head back against the rim of the tub and closed her eyes, subtle perfumes scented the bath, and further lulled Jenny toward sleep. Finally she shook herself awake and began scrubbing herself with a soft cloth and a gentle soap.

Rising from the tub, Jenny found a large, fluffy towel within easy reach. She dried herself with vigorous strokes.

There was a filmy gown laid out on the bed. Jenny slipped it on and looked at her image in the full-length mirror. She gave an impish grin as she saw that the material of the gown was nearly transparent. A far cry from the homespun cloth that she was used to.

Looking around to see if she was observed, Jenny saw nothing to indicate that she was under observation. Turning back to the mirror, she passed the palm of her hand over the mirrors surface in a circular pattern. The mirror shimmered and seemed to glow from within.

"David has been to the library as you planned milord." Jenny said in a low voice.

"That is good," came the reply from the mirror, "with all the powers flowing through him, he was a danger to himself and to every realm he entered. He could have destroyed worlds through sheer ignorance."

"But that danger is over. Isn't it?" Jenny asked.

"We have given him access to the knowledge needed to control the powers. And he survived the ordeal. Now we will see how he uses the newfound knowledge and powers. TO this end, you will continue as his companion."

"As you command," Jenny murmured. 

Inwardly she was pleased. She was growing fond of David and the others. And his concern for her safety and well being in changing her body form to this one showed decency found all too seldom in any realm. Although, she could have made the adjustments herself, albeit with more subtlety and over a longer period of time. Still the thought was sweet of him.

"I see that this meets with your approval." Said the voice from the mirror.

Jenny felt her face heat in a blush as she realized that her thoughts had shown all to clearly on her face. She passed her hand quickly across the surface of the mirror, turning it back into ordinary silvered glass.

Downstairs, Prissy and 'Lyssa sat with David in the sitting room.

"I am getting a bit tired, but I don't intend to sleep anytime soon." David told the ladies.

"What do you want to do then Beloved?" Asked 'Lyssa.

David got up and walked over to 'Lyssa and sat on the arm of her chair. He leaned down and whispered in her ear.

'Lyssa's eyes widened as she listened to the lascivious suggestions that David was whispering to her. She was not shocked, she was a succubus after all, and had been having sex for food and pleasure for thousands of years. However she was intrigued by the breadth and scope of his ambitions.

David looked over at Prissy and gave a slow, evil grin. Then he bent down to whisper in ' Lyssa's ear some more.

Prissy saw the look and was understandably nervous. "Ummm, I need to use the lavatory." She quavered.

'Lyssa tugged on the cord to summon the maid again. "She'll show you where the lavatory is. Then she will show you to our room."

Prissy departed, following the maid.

'Lyssa led David upstairs to a sumptuous bedroom that was bigger than most apartments David had seen.

"Lyssa was shedding her clothing as she walked to the bed. David took his time undressing.

He was in no hurry; He had been waiting and dreaming about this for several centuries of his subjective time.

Prissy walked into the lavatory and promptly sat down on the toilet. All this traveling and tension was hell on the bladder.

A column of smoke appeared before her as she lowered her drawers and sat down to piss. "Prissy, 

as you are styling yourself now, hear us and heed our words." Boomed a voice out of the smoke. 

It was a good thing that she was sitting on the toilet already, because this new apparition 

caused her to lose control of her bladder and bowels.

"Since it was your meddling in this mortals life that started the chain of events that caused 

us to intervene, you shall do the following penance," Continued the voice.

Prissy shivered and huddled into herself as she sat there terrified. 

"You shall remain with this David Porter until such time as he releases you from his service

of his own accord. You will serve his as companion, wife, lover, or any other capacity that

he chooses for you. And until such time as he releases you, your powers of change and influence

shall be curbed except for your own defense, or the defense of others. And you shall remain

in this form unless specifically directed by David Porter."

Prissy started to stammer something, but the smoke column swirled away into nothing. Prissy cleaned herself up and sat there shaking and feeling sorry for herself. 

It is probably a good thing that she never knew that the column of smoke and the awesome voice were all David's doing. 

A little bit of revenge for all that had happened to 'Lyssa and himself.

When Prissy exited the lavatory; the maid was patiently waiting for her.

"This way." murmured the maid. And she led Prissy up to the bedroom where 'Lyssa and David were waiting for her.

Prissy entered the bedroom wishing that she had chosen a taller body. Being barely 4 feet tall had definite disadvantages. On the other hand, Prissy mused as she undid the straps and fasteners of her clothing, being tiny make it easier to be overlooked in a fight, and it tended to make males who were on her side feel a bit protective of her.

Prissy slid under the covers next to David. He pulled her in for a slow, deep kiss, and Prissy could not help but respond.

'Lyssa was already kissing her way down David's belly to engage in a little fellatio.

Prissy gasped as David slid his hand up to cup her firm, cupcake sized breast. Then she quit worrying about anything but the sensations flooding through her body. Maybe this wouldn't be that bad after all.

In the morning, David awoke to find Jenny snuggled up to his left side. 'Lyssa was sound asleep and cuddled up to his right side, and Prissy was sitting atop him, slowly riding up and down on his morning erection.

So it wasn't his imaginings that Jenny had joined the fun at some point last night. 

Try as he might, David could not remember if he had screwed Jenny during the mini orgy last night. 

If he had, all well and good, if not, he would remedy that oversight later today.

Prissy saw that David was awake, and she leaned forward to press her breasts against him as she gave him a good morning welcoming kiss.

Jenny and 'Lyssa woke up about then, and breakfast was forgotten as David did his level best to satisfy all three ladies.

'Lyssa thought that Prissy was quite talented in sex for an amateur. And that Jenny had definite possibilities.

David was just thinking that this was all wonderful, if a bit too much of a good thing.

When they were all bathed and dressed, 'Lyssa took them on a tour of the mansion. The staff was efficient and unobtrusive. David was duly impressed.

David pulled one of the cords to summon the vanishing maid.

"What is your name?" David asked the maid when she appeared.

The maid glanced nervously at 'Lyssa. 

'Lyssa nodded her permission for the maid to answer.

"I am called Asshann milord," said the maid.

"I am David, not milord if you would." David told her. Asshann looked at 'Lyssa again, who nodded her approval. "Very well Mi... David." Asshann stumbled over his name.

"Asshann, I am new to these realms. And I need a guide to let me know when I am making mistakes or making a fool of myself. Will you please be my friend and help me?"

Asshann hesitated a long instant. Then said "I would be honored, David, to help you as best I am able."

"That is all I can ask if anyone." David told Asshann.

Finally, 'Lyssa led her friends out into the magnificent garden out in back.

There was a marble fountain with tables and benches.

"We shall dine out here by the fountain." 'Lyssa told Asshann. "And for the foreseeable future, all meals are to be suitable for human consumption."

"Very good Milady." Said Asshann as she vanished once again.

The foursome sat down at one of the marble tables, relaxing and enjoying the scented breezes.

A man in butlers uniform materialized next to the table. "Your pardon Milady. There is a visitor at the front door. HE insists on speaking to you personally."

"Bring him around back here." 'Lyssa instructed him. "But do not bring him through the house." The butler vanished.

The butler reappeared moments later, leading a robed and cowled figure around the side of the mansion.

"I am instructed to pass on to you a summons." The being said. "You are to appear at the Dark Lord's main hall at sundown. Your companions must accompany you." The visitor dissolved into a noxious cloud of smoke that rapidly dissipated.

David looked at 'Lyssa questioningly. 

'Lyssa was pale and looked sick. 

Prissy looked ready to faint. 

Jenny looked mostly curious.

"I am afraid Beloved." 'Lyssa said to David. "I cannot protect you, and I fear that you cannot protect yourself or any of the rest of us either."

"I shoulda took the last bus to Jersey." Said Prissy with a grimace. "We're in deep shit now."

"What do we do now?" Asked Jenny in a small voice.

"Well toots," replied Prissy. "We're gonna get dead. Quick if we're lucky. Slow and painful if we ain't so lucky."

"Don't be too sure." David told the ladies. "We ain't dead yet, and I aim to make someone work at it to make me that way."

Asshann appeared with the serving staff to start the meal.

"Eat up," said David. "We'll need the energy."

'Lyssa and Prissy picked at their food while David and Jenny devoured their helpings. "You should eat, Cause I know how to spend the time until sundown."

Prissy managed a small smile at David's attempt to cheer them up. But she and 'Lyssa did start eating in earnest.

The four were all dressed with a good half hour left to go before the deadline. The morale was greatly improved among the companions, and David was preparing a few surprises for this Dark Lord, whomever the Hell he was.

As the sun touched the horizon, they suddenly found themselves in a huge open room.

David looked around at the barbaric splendor around them.

Looks like something Vallejo or Frazetta would dream up on a peyote trip. David thought to himself.

'Lyssa, Prissy, and Jenny clustered together behind David. They were all three shivering and beyond much rational thought.

There was a flash of light and a thunderclap.

A gigantic figure stood there towering over them. 

'Lyssa and Prissy fell to their knees. Jenny knelt with them. 
