 Walking out of the sleazy little strip bar, counting his newly acquired loot, Davoc's wristwatch communicator beeped, and a holographic image of Vee, his ship's holocomputer, filled the screen. 

"Looking hot, Vee." He said. Indeed, she was. The Computer took the shape of a beautiful young girl with bobbed orange hair, swept along the chin angle at the sharpest of angles. Her skin was perfect and tan, and her lips full, pouty, and glossy pink in color. Her eyes were green and instead of eyeballs, she had a grid of lines filling both eyes. Vee always wore a tan, form hugging jumpsuit that she kept zipped low to display a set of tits that would make a toaster oven get a toast-on. The jumpsuit barely covered her shapely, jiggly ass, and her legs were long and shapely, ending in knee high black glossy platform heels. 

"Thanks, boss." Vee said, her cheeks blushing a bit. Emotion programs were expensive, but where his hot-ass ship's computer was concerned, money was no object to the Titty Hunter. "How'd the case go?"

"I'm going to kill Nazio for this lead. Just a fucking spruced up pleasure bot."

"That obvious?"

"Please, I've smelled realer tits at a silicon factory. Besides that, she didn't even so much as yelp when I barged into the room. Classic fearless droid behavior-Got fifteen thousand out of it, though, so not a total loss."

OO

TEN MINUTES EARLIER

Smitty had worked hard all month to save up for this.

A lapdance with the famous stripper Uxi Borelle, who was known throughout the small world as one of the hottest babes around was expensive, but well worth the price-at least from what Smitty heard at his crappy day job as a laser-miner. Often times his pals would come to him, bragging about the experience of a lifetime for the low low price of just a few weeks pay. 

And here he was, sitting in a private booth, his body quivering as the three eyed alien watched the beyond lovely, beyond sensual babe wiggle, waggle and writhe on his aroused lap. His eyes were wide and unable to peel away from her beauty. The Green skinned gal was flawless to behold. Her hair was long and silky, a vivid yellow in color to match her heavily lashed eyes. She was flawless, a full bodied, hourglass of a woman, with shapely, stilt like legs that could arouse a man of any species or age. She smelled divine, and her lush, mountainous tits bobbed and jiggled at the slightest movement. 

Having paid an exorbitant 1,000 Gigabucks for a solo "gold pass" session that lasted a whopping ten minutes, Smitty was given free reign over her upper body, so he groped and fondled those all too perfect tits in his quivering grip, burying his face in her lovely cleavage. 

Too lost in pleasure to hear the commotion outside, complete with breaking plexi-glass, screaming strippers and retreating patrons, Smitty was beyond shocked when the thin flimsy screen to his private booth with Uxi was torn down, and before the stripper and the miner stood something straight out of a nitemare.

Grey skin was stretched around a towering, muscular frame. His torso was bare save for a few ammo belts and tribal, wickedly stylish tattoos that covered large patches of his shoulders, arms, and chest. His hair was trimmed shorter and came in a deep burgundy type of purply-red, and his eyes glowed with a vivid orange light. Contrary to his massive, thick frame, two thin, graceful tentacles sprouted from his shoulder blades. 

Immediately letting out a weakly sort of yelp, Smitty practically tossed Uxi at the towering man, for the miner knew exactly what he was.

You see, kind reader, grey skin, purply red hair, orange glowing eyes, and two tentacles from the back meant that the figure was of the Rovaari species, hailing from the rocky, dangerous world of Rovaar. This race in particular were known to be exceedingly rare, and nigh impervious to damage. It would tae nothing short of a nuclear blast to even make one of these horribly tough creatures wimper in discomfort, and they were best avoided if it was at all possible. When this rare species took to civilization, it was usually in some martial capacity, such as hitman or mercenary soldier for hire, so needless to say, Smitty just about wept at the prospects of facing one.

The large figure grabbed the forfeited stripper, clutching her roughly by the arm and staring down into her eyes. Far from scared, the busty Uxi gave a sultry little giggle and moan, rubbing up against the massive Rovaari. He looked down at her, seemed to sniff a couple of times with his broad nose, and threw her back into the lap of the all too terrified Smitty. And with that, the massive Rovaani was gone from the booth.

On his way out, a sleezily dressed, silver skinned alien blocked the doorway, his arms folded and his face a mask of agitation. Flanked by two massive robot bouncers, he pointed a finger into the barrel chest of the large Rovaari.

"What the kulz do you think you're doing? If you want a lapdance with Uxi, you'll have to pay up and wait your turn!"

The Rovaari smiled. "Ah, you must be the manager. Just the man I wanted to see." His grin displayed thick, straight teeth. He nodded towards the booth, and took out a thick, stumpy cigar, lighting it and puffing out a great cloud of hazy smoke before speaking. "Just checked out Uxi in the back, and the funniest thing happened..." He took a few wiffs into the air. "I smelled, not a flesh and blood woman, but a pleasure bot loaded with pheromone perfume. I would assume that the perfume would be used to trick the minds of anyone in there with her so that the experience would be enhanced, and so that they wouldn't know that instead of having the live and in the flesh Uxi Borelle, they were, in fact, groping and fondling a simple pleasure bot, that can be picked up at any Star-Mart, that was spritzed with some aphrodisiac to make them think it was a gal who in fact, hasn't set foot on this planet for five years."

The Manager's face flushed and he looked around angrily. "I...I should mop this floor with you!"

The Rovaari smiled and puffed on his cigar a few times, motioning to the array of droid bouncer parts around him. "Oh, you mean with your big, tough robot bouncers? Sure, if you have any more to spare, I have a few minutes. Better call a repair man, though."

The Manager fumed, looking around at the abandoned strip club, some dancers staring at the scene in disbelief.

"So, what'll it be, chief?" The Rovaari asked. "Do I go spread the word about your famous starring attraction, or do you pay me off to never come back here again, which I won't, if your price is right." He held up two thick grey fingers. "Scouts honor."

The Manager reached into his pockets and pulled out a wad of gigabucks, counting off angrily. "Ten thou-"

"Fifteen thousand, and not a crinkle less." The Rovaari protested.

Peeling off the extra bills, the Manager shoved the bribe at the muscular Rovaani. "Pleasure doing business with you." Tossing the cigar on the floor and stomping it out with his foot, the large Rovaari made his way around the two robot Bouncers. "Gentleman."

The Manager asked out, before the Rovaari made his way to the exit. "Who are you, anyway?"

Turning slowly, the Rovaari produced and opened a sleek leather wallet, which had on it a large, gleaming badge. "Davoc Romaz: Titty Hunter."

OO

Davoc made his way to the landing platform where his massive, armor-cased ship (Called the Jughound, by the way) awaited him. Walking aboard, a holographic image of Vee sizzled into view. "Commands?"

Plopping down into his seat, the Rovaari shifted around a bit. "Run a full diagnostic on the ship before we head out."

It took but a second. "Diagnostic complete." Vee declared. "All systems online and functional, though exterior plating has suffered massive damage and is in dire need of repair."

"But the hull is made of Duramite, it is self repairing."

"Normally, yes, but the circuits that link the hull's armor to the power core of the ship are frazzled beyond belief. Any more abuse risks severing the lines completely."

Davoc groaned and leaned back in his seat. "Great. I can't fix something like that, and repair men are so gacking expensive...go on. What else."

"The kennels are full, we are completely out of space for any more pets."

Another groan. "On screen."

A large view screen in front of the room hummed to life, showing a set of energy cages filled with girls of all races and types. Two common threads linked them all, however. Each was hot as fuck, and stacked. The "pets" wore matching outfits, a simple grey sports bra and matching grey shorts that defied the term short, barely covering half the ass. 

"Should I contact the market?" Vee asked.

"Yea. Have the medical bots do some routine check-ups, make sure they are healthy before we put them on market. They fetch better prices with good vitals."

Vee sighed, knowing this news would not be taken well. "Medical bots are offline and recharging."

"Oh for the love of tits." Davoc exclaimed angrily. 

"May I suggest getting a full time doctor aboard the ship? As well as a mechanic? Having both on retainer would be greatly beneficial."

"And greatly expensive." The Rovaari added. He suddenly perked up and began to scratch at his chin. "Unless..."

Vee quirked an eyebrow as Davoc stood up. "Search nearby space for all Mechanics and Doctors with Double D cup tits and set a coarse. Let's go hunting." He smiled evilly.

Vee smiled. "Yes, Boss. Searching..."

OO

Browsing the kennels, Davoc tapped his finger to his jaw. Browsing the girls he kept trapped, he finally stopped at one energy cage, not even bothering to disengage it. Instead, the massive alien walked right through it. The energy shield fizzled in protest, letting loose a volley of electricity that would instantly fry anything besides a Rovaari into dust. The charge didn't even muss his hair. The girls inside cowered instinctively, looking at the ground.

Each cage was filled to capacity. 5 girls per cage. He had to sell some of this cooch to both make more space, and afford necessities, like ammo, big ass guns, and fuel for his gas guzzling ship. Besides this, Davoc was saving up Gigacash to buy Vee a birthday present-a warm light drive, which would allow her to take physical form. The gift had been a secret to celebrate the year anniversary since his purchase of her, and he wanted to do something special for the occasion. A Warm Light drive would make the Ship's computer completely and utterly fuckable, and Davoc wanted to stick his cock into no finer a mouth than that of his ship's computer.

The only problem was, such pricey technology cost 50 thousand gigacash, and with expenses racking up, as well as their anniversary approaching, the Rovaari was desperate for money. All this talk about cash and expenses was stressing out the Titty Hunter, so he visited his kennels for a little bit of good old fashioned release. 

Walking right up to a pale skinned, gothic looking pet, he rested his hand on the robbing crotch of his pants, looking her over. 

This nite owl was picked up on some vampire wannabe planet where the locals looked like Elvira at a funeral (Needless to say, Davoc enjoyed himself on this planet). With a nose refined to the smell of hot bitches with big natural tits, Davoc tracked her down easily in some thrash metal club, dancing and sweating the nite away. It was an easy catch, but he had yet to fully enjoy the busty young woman.

Her skin was pale like milk, and her eyes were lined in ashy black circles. Her beady eyes were sickly yellow, and her ears were pointed at the tip. Her black glossy lips were full and plump, and she was all of five feet in height. Her arms were covered in sleazy tattoos, and her tits were full and swollen, two natural, downright jiggly Double D's. Piercings littered her ears, nose, and tongue, to name just a few places.

"Oh yea, you'll do..." Davoc grinned, pointing down to his crotch. "Suck."

The goth bitch rolled her yellow eyes and slowly sank to her knees, reaching out to unfasten the Rovaari's jeans. Before her eyes spilled out a full foot of thick, veiny grey cock. At the tip, a bead of cloudy precum was already formed. His smooth, shaven sack leaked from his open zipper as well, two baseball sized nuts dangling below that huge fucking prick. The smell of it, a musky, enticing aroma, washed over the young girl's senses as she reached for his prick, her palm pressing against the large bead of semen to lubricate her palm in glossy spunk before coiling her slick fingers around his shaft and stroking him to full stiffness. She sneered up at him.

"Make all the faces you want, baby, the result is always the fucking same..." He laughed and looked over to the other four girls, who each were cowering in the corner of the cell. "Bitches," he decreed. "Watch."

For fear of the muscular and violent Rovaari, they did watch. Davoc looked down at his gothic princess and slapped his hefty meat against her puckered black lips. "No more hands, baby, put your hands behind your back." 

She did so, grunting each time his thick, heavy cock hammered against her soft, silky lips. Lacing her wrists behind her back, Davoc called to one of the cowering audience. "You, come over here and hold her wrists together. Make sure she doesn't get those hands free. This is going to get rough." Immediately, a cowering girl ran over to do as she was told, gripping tightly at the gothic slut's wrists.

Davoc rested his hands on the back of the Goth Slut's head, in essence vice-gripping her in place. With one sudden, rude shove, his cock speared into her mouth, parting her lips, making her let out a wretching, sloppy gag of a cough, her stomach tensing, her massive double-D's wildly bouncing against Davoc's muscular thighs. The Titty Hunter let out a satisfied sigh and began to power fuck her face, his hips working like a piston, bucking forth and back like some perverse machine while the Goth Bitch was forced to handle twelve inches of mansteak. Her eyes bulged and watered, yellow orbs rolling back into her head. Her mouth was slack and drooling, free rivers of sloppy, phlegmy spit pouring like a waterfall down her chin. Her sticky spit seemed to get everywhere, little spider web cables linking her chin to his balls, his balls to her rack...

The other girls shivered as they were forced to watch this brutal mouth-raping. Davoc groaned and breathed quickly as he porked this young girl's face, bobbing her head on his intrusive shaft, her tongue stud writhing against the underside of his torpedo like shaft. She puked up rivers of clear and frothy fluid around him, warming his crotch in the offerings of her conquered stomach. "That's it, bitch, nice and juicy..." He guided her head forcefully on the pace he likes, her bobbed hair swishing back and forth as her increasingly sweaty body glistened and dripped. The sounds of sloppy throat sex filled the cage and the smell of sweat and spit were like fine wine to the Rovaani Tittyhunter. 

His balls were like two great hammers that slapped and pounded against her chin, the sound of it making him even harder. He was trying to nail his cock through her head, and was amazed at how well she was doing under this stress. No sloppy whimpers or pleas of escape. She wasn't struggling against his intrusion. Indeed, she hadn't even bitten down, as one might do at the shock of accommodating such a massive schlong. 

Then it hit him. Looking down on his slavering, cock slurping slut, Davoc smiled. "Clever little skank..." He said breathily. "Planet of the vampire wannabes. I bet you don't need to breathe as much as these other slits..." He gave out a sultry moan as she looked up at him with those defiant pale yellow eyes. He knew his assessment was right when she gave him that look. "Her lips were pressing against his crotch and cock, her tongue arching out to lick Rovaari balls as twelve inches of swollen, swelteringly hot cock were lodged in her throat. Davoc reached down to start a light bit of choking, smiling when he could actually feel his cock bulge in her throat. His free hand swabbed up some ashy tears and he licked them off his fingers. "Mmmmm, your tears taste fucking great, bitch..."

More sloppy chokes and gags, more phlegm and spit, more sweat....it was such a release of tension to crazy in this girl's mouth. Davoc didn't warn her when he came, instead, he simply fisted clumps of her short bobbed black hair and speed-fucked her face, spewing his salty, hot spunk right down her throat. He watched her the entire time, her eyes rolling back into her head, her mouth coated in frothy spit bubbles. She screamed as he came, unloading gallons of seed into her tight throat, gasping hotly as he drowned her in cum. Hearing a gurgling, choking scream made his cumshot even stronger, and Davoc watched as his jizz trailed out of her pug nose, oozing down over her lips only to be fucked back into her mouth by his plunger-like cock. 

His nut finally busted, relief filling his body, Davoc pulled quickly out of the goth slut's throat. She doubled over, her wrists still being held by a truly terrified captive. Her black glossy lips parted and the Gothic whore began to vomit forth great rivers of phlegmy white spunk, her stomach simply unable to handle such a momentous load. Davoc watched, his cock dripping with cum and spit. He motioned over to the shivering clump of girls in the cage. "Lick that shit up. Every last drop."

They knew better to obey, and went about their work, lapping at the thick puddle of puked up jizz like kittens at a saucer of milk. Many gagged as they fed, but none dared disobey. 

Davoc looked down at the coughing goth skank, who cleared her throat and spat a final wad of phlegm onto the ground. She was gasping for breath, her expression dazed. The Titty Hunter walked over to her and walked her over to the mirror of the cell, showing her a defiled self reflection. She coolly appraised herself in the mirror as he around her from behind and peeled up the tight grey sports bra that contained her double D jugs, which flopped freely out of the tight prison. Davoc fondled and groped her titties, watching them in the mirror as he pinched and twisted her nipples, each adorned with a silver hoop piercing. 

She was all smeared mascara and sopping wet, sweaty tits. "Look at you, you fucking skank. How did that feel? How do you feel after being used like that?" he kissed along her soft white throat, manhandling her juicy tits aggressively. 

"Beautiful..." She coughed, speaking in barely a whisper. "I feel beautiful."

The answer shocked the horny Ravaari, and he gave her a smile in the mirror. "What's your name?"

"Whatever you want it to be." She replied without hesitation. 

"Vee." He said loudly, the holocomputer fizzling to visual before him.

"Yes, Boss? Oh...oh my..." She exclaimed at the sloppy scene she was materializing in on.

"Open this cell and take my new friend...Tatya here to my personal quarters. She won't be sold at auction. She's got...spirit."

"Yes, Boss." Vee said with a smile, looking over the lovely, sloppy young woman and releasing the force field so that she could lead Tatya to her new residence. 

His cock freshly sucked, the heavy release now puked up on the floor, Davoc was feeling rather good about himself, so he laid himself back on one of the thin cots of the cell, watching his pets as they lapped up a regurgitated batch of his semen.

Letting out a grand sigh, Davoc relaxed there. "It's good to be the Titty Hunter."