 "We're not in Louisiana anymore, Toto..."

On the corner of a four-way intersection in downtown, Danni canvassed the concrete jungle with her hazel eyes. The skinny girl had dark hair with a hint of purple, short New Orleans Saints jersey which showed off her belly button, and frayed jean shorts. She wore white knee-high socks with gold and black stripes and black cotton canvas tennis shoes.

Her bestie's boyfriend, Romero, stood at her side on the curb. A backward fleur-de-lis hat set over his shaved head, and a large jersey swallowed his thin frame whole. He peered out into the streets with the same slack-jawed expression as Danni.

Downtown was congested as usual but the daily bustling bodies, horns, and unified buzz of cell phone conversations were replaced with naked bodies, moans, and heavy breathing. People, man and woman alike, shred themselves of their suits and dresses. Unashamed, the young and old copulated in cars at the red light, on the corners atop newspaper vending machines, and in alleys sprawled across the top of trash bins. Everyone had the same vacant gaze in their eyes.

"I guess no game today?" Romero joked half-heartedly.

Danni shot him an eye but then looked back over the mess of bare bodies. "What the hell is—"

Before she could part with the words, the unclothed strangers simultaneously stopped. Their attention turned to Danni and Romero. They peeked out of their car windows, sat up on the newspaper machines, and crept out of the alleys. They lumbered closer to the friends with a chorus of groans.

"Hey! What's going on here?" Romero asked a middle aged lady. The blonde, with a hint of grey, rushed Romero against the brick wall of Danni's apartment complex. The lady puckered for a kiss, her hand groped his crotch and her bell-shaped breasts pressed against Romero's chest. Romero scooted out from between her and the wall and took Danni's side again. "Ummm... I think we should run."

On cue, the pair darted back inside the apartment complex and into the empty lobby.

Danni hurried to the check-in counter and rang the service bell. "Hello?"

Romero withdrew his iPhone and shuffled to his girlfriend's phone number. After pressing the call button, he placed it to his ear. "Come on, come on..." It rang and rang and rang before finally going to voicemail:

("Hola! This is Maggie. Leave a message after the beep and I'll think about calling you back. He-he.")

"Hey, uh, Maggie—"

Danni screamed.

The cry for help startled Romero. He jumped, dropped his phone, and wheeled around.

Danni ran in circles around the lobby, chased by a slow-moving concierge. The man had his work slacks around his ankles. His button shirt hung to about mid-thigh with a small protrusion underneath, which could only be one thing. With a glazed-over look in his eyes, he moaned and shuffled after her.

Romero rushed over to help. He shoved the man away while Danni made a break for it. She leapt the check-in counter and dipped low enough that only her eyes peeked over.

With a dopey smile, the concierge swung his attention, and his tiny erection, toward Romero. He reached for Romero's belt buckle.

"Whoa, whoa!" Romero dodged back. "Homey don't play dat."

The concierge didn't seem to register anything Romero said. He continued toward Romero with a wide grin and spaced-out look in his eyes.

Romero dashed and hopped over the check-in counter next to Danni. Both escaped into the office behind them. They slammed the door shut, locked it. They then paced side by side, eyes to the floor in an attempt to gather some understanding.

A TV in the corner caught Romero's attention. A newswoman perched behind her desk. Her lips moved but the volume was muted.

"Yo!" Romero turned the volume dial on the television.

("...we ask that you stay inside and refrain from drinking the water. If you're on the road, we suggest you go to Mick's Grocery on Annunciation. It's a safe haven being guarded by the military. If you or anyone you're with start getting dizzy, sweating profusely... if you have a sudden urge to remove clothes, an insatiable thirst for sex, we ask that you lock yourself away. Any kind of fluid transfer, kiss or otherwise, from the infected will result in you transforming as well. We'll give you more as this story develops.")

"Oh shit, what if Maggie..." Romero massaged his temples.

"And Shaun?" Danni bit on her nails. She peeked out the blinds. "We need to get to that grocery store."

"They just said to stay in."

"While it's infested with... whatever they are? No!" Danni's eyes searched the crowded street. "It's only a few blocks away."

"How the hell are we gonna get there?" Romero asked. "We'll get atta—"

The sudden silence got Danni's attention. She released the blinds and looked back to Romero. "What? You got an idea?"

"Well..." Romero hurried to her side and peeked out of the blinds. "In the Walking Dead—"

"Zombies?" Danni heightened her brow. "Zombies don't fuck each other. They eat each other."

"My boy is eating something out there..." Romero's eyes distended upon seeing a man lick a woman's pussy on the hood of a parked Jeep.

"Any who!" Danni yanked him back to the conversation. "What were you gonna say?"

"Well, in the TV show, the survivors maneuver around the zombies by dressing like them, covering themselves in bloo—"

"I got it." Danni cut him off. "Don't gross me out with all the gory details."

"Fine. But you get the idea, right? It's like camouflage."

"Mm-hm..." Danni folded her arms, knowing exactly where he was going. "So, you think getting naked will help us blend in?"

"There's only one way to find out." Romero unbuttoned the top of his jeans. "I'll try. You wait here by the door just in case it doesn't work. Got it?"

Danni's eyes drifted to the ceiling, not wanting to catch a glimpse. "Sure."

Romero kicked off his sneakers, socks, and jerked down his jeans along with his boxers. His cock was long, thick, and limp down his thigh. He removed the jersey from his skinny, athletic torso.

Although Danni tried not to look the curiosity was too much. She sent a fleeting glance and blushed upon sight. Maggie said he was big, but Danni thought it to be an exaggeration. Not the case...

Romero cupped his cock and balls in both hands and eased out of the office door.

The concierge was still in the lobby on the opposite side of the counter. Upon hearing the creak of the door, he turned to Romero with a confused expression. Still, he didn't move.

"I think it's working..." Romero whispered back over his shoulder. He walked around the counter and out into the lobby. He glanced back at Danni.

Danni motioned for him to walk past the concierge, just to make sure.

Romero's face hardened at the risky move. He eyeballed the concierge and exhaled a nervous breath. He eased past, almost bumping shoulders.

The concierge never budged. He just stared with that puzzled look.

Upon making it past the concierge, Romero sighed in relief. He spun back to the office door and waved for Danni.

"Maggie and Shaun can never know about this, alright?"

Romero rolled his eyes and motioned for her to hurry.

Danni crouched down and untied her cotton canvas shoes. She removed them along with her knee-high socks. Her feet were small with long toes painted purple, matching the highlights in her dark hair. She shimmied out of her frayed jean shorts and took off her black panties. Her pussy was shaved completely bald. After pulling her jersey over her head, she unfastened the black bra. Her perky B-cup breasts appeared large on her petite frame. She had pink coin-sized areolas, taut nipples. While palming her breasts, she scampered out on her toes.

The concierge remained still, watching as the naked pair fled the apartment complex.

Upon exiting, Danni came to an abrupt halt on the same curb as earlier. On her tail, Romero didn't have enough time to stop and his cock slapped against Danni's lower back. She froze, clenched her teeth. "Was that your dick?"

"Uh..."

"You better tie that thing around your leg, because if it hits me agai—"

"Shhh!" Romero aimed his finger over the street. "I don't think its working."

The naked pedestrians abandoned their sex acts. They revolved to the newcomers with the same bewildered expression as the concierge. It was as if they could sense something wrong but couldn't identify it. The nude zombified people crept toward Danni and Romero for a closer inspection.

Careful where she stepped, Danni tiptoed out into the street, one hand covering her pussy and the other arm draped across her breasts. The lotion on her light beige skin shimmered under the sun. The heat warmed the concrete under her bare feet.

Romero followed while palming his package. The duo hustled as quickly as possible down the road, but the further they went the more curious the sex zombies became. "St-st-stop..." Romero snatched Danni's elbow. "They're on to us."

"What do we do?" Danni asked.

"Act like them."

"Act like them?"

Romero uncovered his large manhood. He then snapped his fingers at Danni to do the same.

"Fuck..." Danni grumbled but went right along. She put her arms at her side, squared her shoulders, and poked out her teardrop breasts. She strolled down the street again, hoping not to arouse any more attention.

The unclothed mob reduced their pace but still continued in Danni and Romero's direction.

Out the side of her mouth, Danni said, "It's not working..."

"Umm, uh..." Romero's eyes darted around in thought before coming to a conclusion. "Moan!"

"Huh?"

"Groan like them." Romero tilted his head back. "Mmmmm!" He looked to Danni. "Like that."

Danni reluctantly followed in. "Oooo-oo-oo!"

Romero elbowed her. "I didn't say act like a ghost. Moan, like sex, ya know?"

"I don't moan during sex," Danni said. "I just breathe hard."

"Poor, Shaun..."

"Poor Sha—" Danni couldn't even get the words out. She fumed. "It's not like he's small. I just don—"

"They're coming." Romero gestured back to the zombies.

Danni eyed the horde, and after clearing her throat, she started moaning, "Uh! Mmmm! Oo!"

The crowd thinned out a bit, but a few lumbered in pursuit.

"Some are leavin—Hey!" Disturbed by Romero's silence, Danni peered over her shoulder. She noticed her bestie's boyfriend staring down. Her eyes sunk along the space of Romero's shredded abs to his growing erection. She jerked her back to the front. "Romero, I swear on everything that's holy if you don't control yourself..."

"What am I supposed to do?" Romero asked. "Everyone's naked and moaning. I-I—"

"Get a grip. They're still tracking us," Danni said. "You got any brighter ideas?"

"Actually..."

Danni stopped in place. Again, with Romero's eyes downcast, he bumped into Danni. His hard cock stabbed her in the back. She didn't say anything. Instead, she closed her eyes in frustration and sighed. "Lemme guess... we have sex, right?"

"I'm not a hundred percent but..." Romero shrugged. "...it's worth a shot, huh?"

"Have you drank any water today?" Danni asked. "They said, whatever it is, is in the water."

"No. Just beer for me. You?"

"Same..." Danni reluctantly admitted. "So, we're safe, right?"

"Yeah!" Romero quickly gathered behind her. His cock slid between her legs, grazing Danni's pussy. "Just walk as I thrust."

Danni nodded. Her mind raced. Heart thudded. She was about to cheat on Shaun with her bestie's boyfriend, in the middle of the street, in broad day light, surrounded by a city wide orgy. "I have to..." she said under her breath, coaching herself up.

With cock in hand, Romero paused to see what she said. "Huh?"

"Nothing. Just do it." Danni watched as the herd closed in. "Hurry."

"Umm... should I spit on it?"

Danni whipped around to him, her face showing anger. She admitted the sad truth with a shake of her head before facing front again.

"Hang on!" Romero stepped back. "You were making fun of my erection and you've been wet this whole walk?"

Tired of wasting time, Danni reached behind her and squeezed his shaft in her palm. She backed up on top of it. The tip entered, stretching her slightly. "Okay..."

"Wow-wo-wo..." Romero shivered. He filled her completely, coating his cock with her dampness. He pulled away and gulped. As he thrust again, he said, "Step..."

"I got t." With a bounce, Danni stepped on the ball of her right foot. 

The undressed zombies, one by one, stopped. Their attention waned from the suspicious newcomers to one another.

"It's working. It's working," Romero said gleefully.

"Yep!" Danni uttered as though having trouble controlling the pitch of her voice. With each plunge, she moved forward on the balls of her feet. They walked down the street, slowly and in rhythm with one another. His repetition became faster causing Danni to stumble a bit.

"Sorry. Am I going too fast?" Romero asked.

"No, no. I want to make it to the grocery store..." Danni swallowed the pleasure before repeating herself. "I want to make it to the grocery store sometime this year."

"Bend over then."

"Huh?"

"On your hands," Romero said. "We can go faster."

Danni weighed the idea for a split second. She sighed and bent over at the waist in the bear crawl position, on her hands and the balls of her feet. Her backside arched in the air.

Romero squeezed her hips and sped his thrust. His skin smacked against her flat ass, shaking her breasts.

The nude strangers fornicated at every alley, corner, and on the sidewalk in front of businesses. Groans and moans filled the air.

The cock pounded Danni, jolting her forward as she crawled. Romero stayed right behind her, almost carrying her at points. Danni's feet jumped off the pavement from the impact, the weight shifting to her hands. Her breasts jiggled, ass rippled.

"You need a break?" Romero asked.

"Pffft!" Danni played down the sensation, the intense tickle growing in her nether regions. With Romero behind, he couldn't see her eyes roll, teeth clench. Blood rushed to her face, not only from the awkward position but the satisfaction as well.

"Listen, I know... umm..." Romero pondered briefly. "How do I put this?"

"Just spit it out," Danni growled while moving forward on her hands and toes.

"Well, my cock, uh, well it's..." Romero slipped back inside her soaking pussy. "...I know it's not making it easy for you. And, I'm sorry. But if we make it through this I owe ya a big one—other than, ya know, my cock."

Danni curled her lip at the egotistical comment, but she couldn't hold that look for long. As he entered her, her face softened. "You're. An asshole. An-and please quit talking."

"Sorry..." Romero apologized again.

"Shut. Up." Danni enunciated as they rounded the corner. 

In the distance, the blue cursive Mick's Grocery sign towered above other stores. To their immediate right, a shopping cart was stranded on the corner, near a light pole.

Romero lifted Danni off the pavement. He carried her to the buggy and plopped her down in the small, shallow basket.

Danni's legs sprawled over the side. Her ass pressed into the metal groves, imprinting a checkered pattern across her skin. She palmed her perky breasts and watched as Romero moved between her thighs. The head of his cock grazed Danni's vulva. She pinched her lips together upon feeling a wonderful pressure. Her fingers gripped the sides of the metal cart. She curled her purple pedicure toes.

"Not much further..." Romero thrust and the cart rolled down the road. The old rusted wheels shrieked. His pumps gained momentum. Their skin clapped as he attacked her center with vigor.

Danni's short legs rode up his back, taking the full impact. She fanned her cheeks and released a soft squeal behind her hand. Her breasts flopped with each thrust. She gazed into his eyes, caught herself, and looked to the blue sky. "Woo," she breathlessly uttered.

The naked zombies copulated around them: an ebony woman rode a hairy man's cock on the sidewalk, a younger couple fondled each other from the ledge of the second story window, and an elderly pair fornicated on a bus bench. No one paid any mind at all to the inconspicuous newcomers.

Romero placed both Danni's ankles over his shoulders, giving himself better leverage. From there, he thrust only with his hips, pummeling her drenched pussy. The ride was bumpy across loose sediment, but they rolled nonetheless. He hugged her legs straight against his chest, locking her knees. He pulled her into each pleasurable thud.

Danni's breasts jounced wildly. Her right leg began to shake.

"See!" Romero smiled down upon her. "I knew you needed a break."

"Don't—Ah!—flatter yourself..." Danni squeezed Romero's cheeks together like an unruly kid, forcing his lips into a pucker. Her face tightened as she scolded him, "Fo-oh-cus..."

"Of course..."

Danni locked her toes behind Romero's neck. The tremble in her legs spread over her body. "Mm-hmm!" She looked away, hoping that would somehow hide her enjoyment. She squirmed from the tickle and accidentally pushed off Romero's shoulders with her feet. She started to roll away, but Romero gave chase and caught her. She shot him an angry yet lustful eye as he entered her again. Her knees bent to her breasts. The soles of her feet were flat against his chest, acting as shocks.

Romero kept his constant motion. His balls lightly tapped the steel edge of the cart. He grabbed her bony ankles and stretched her legs out in a 'V'.

Danni's pussy itched intensely causing her to uncontrollably buck once more. She wiggled her toes, stretched them, and balled them like a fist. She glanced over her shoulder, checking the remaining distance to Mick's Grocery.

From a block away, armed guards, in green fatigues, stood in position at the four corners on Mick's rooftop.

Danni turned back to Romero. Her nose twitched. "Keep—Oo!" She dropped her head again, held out a finger to give her a second. She whipped her black, purple tinted hair and groaned like the sex zombies. "Keep go—Oh!—ing."

"I know, right?"

"The—Uh!—to the store, you idiot." Danni squinted as though attacked with a sneeze. She tried to fight the sensation for the sake of her pride, but she couldn't hide the involuntary shudders. "Mmm..." She hung her head, concentrating on containing her orgasm.

Romero hopped up on the bottom bar, grabbed onto the side cages, and hammered away as they rolled with speed.

"What are you—Ufff..." Danni huffed. Her pussy swelled around his cock. She wagged her head, clamped her jaw in hopes of holding in the moans.

Romero feverishly pounded while fondling her breasts. He tugged on her pink protruding nipples.

Danni ogled over her shoulder, her face contorting in ecstasy as she watched them get closer to their destination. A tingling pressure built inside of her. "Oooo-ee!" Her mouth fell open. She grunted and oozed all over Romero's cock. The climax jolted her body.

Romero continued, his cock dripping wet. The shopping cart picked up momentum down the slight incline of the road. The wind blew against their naked bodies.

"Stop!" a soldier ordered from atop the grocery store. He eyed Danni and Romero through his binoculars.

"Oooo! My-ee-ee!" Danni attempted to respond but the orgasm scattered her thoughts. Her breasts shook. She locked her ankles behind Romero's back, squeezed him in her thighs.

Romero, on the other hand, didn't reply to the guard at all. He rotated his hips, sliding halfway in Danni's center before pulling out. His hips picked up pace with each insertion.

Danni cradled her breasts. She exhaled quick breaths, hoping to calm herself. A tingle started at the tips of her toes and ran down her legs, tickling, numbing them. "Oo..." She quaked, tensed. A vein popped out in her forehead. "...oooo-uh-Uh! Ooohhhh..."
