 Anna finished her check of the patient's vitals and turned to leave the room, glancing at the comatose man as she started to leave.  The immense tent in the middle of the sheet covering him made her stop in her tracks and do a double-take.

She automatically glanced to the man's face, but he was still out. She glanced at the EEG readout- no movement there, or in any other metric being tracked.

Her eye's returned to the bulge.  She had heard of the phenomenon of spontaneous erections in comatose patients before, but had never observed one, not in four years of ICU experience. She considered getting the attending: she could always page him back to the unit- but this was hardly an emergency.  

She did a quick neurological exam and noted no new response- in all respects the patient remained catatonic. Her eyes drifted back down yet again to the erection, which remained standing tall.  

The patient arrived on the unit only a few hours ago. He had been found naked and unresponsive in a vacant lot, but had no evident sign of trauma or injury. They had done a quick MRI and some other tests, but found no indication of internal injury or brain damage.

Anna had assisted in the general physical examination earlier, and had seen the man naked, just like thousands of others before him.  She hadn't noted any remarkable penis size at the time, but then again, she had been operating in a detached, professional mode at the time, and then there was also the fact that she had sworn off men a couple of years earlier, so she had no innate interest in male genitalia in general.

But the size of the tent in front of her indicated a pretty impressive tool.  She felt an almost overwhelming urge to lift the sheet and take a peek, and was absolutely shocked with herself. She jerked bolt upright, and expression of horror on her face as she realized her hand had already been creeping towards the edge of the sheet.

"I am a professional!" She said aloud in an indignant tone. She would walk out of the room and note the event in the patients chart in a strictly clinical manner and move on to the next patient, like she ought to be doing, she thought.

But her feet seemed to be rooted to the spot, and her eyes to the mound.  The impulse was impulse was irresistible.  She licked her lips and glanced quickly out towards the nursing station, the central hub of the ICU, and from which all rooms could be viewed.  There were two nurses at the station, both busy with their computers and charts.

She reached out hesitantly with a trembling hand, and as she did, a part of her mind screaming in protest at the absurdity of it. It's not like this sort of thing didn't happen- this would hardly be the first time someone snuck a peek at a patients privates.  Nor was it that she was some sort of prude or straight-arrow. But she did take an enormous amount of pride in her professionalism, and her clinical detachment. The notion that she suddenly couldn't control herself was far more disturbing than the thought of taking a peek at a patient's privates.  

With a final glance at the nursing station she lifted the sheet. The sight of the cock that was revealed was literally breath-taking. The cock was magnificent. It wasn't just about the size. She had seen bigger- hell, she had fucked bigger back in her heterosexual days.  

   It was the sheer beauty of the thing: it had some unreal, almost impossible appeal to it- perfectly symmetrical, perfectly shaped in every detail. It tapered upwards, seeming to thicken towards the tip, and the knob was..simply gorgeous.  That was the only word that came to her to describe it. 

    And- the cock seemed to almost have some sort of inner glow, somehow. It was so beautiful it was almost asexual. But that was an impression that almost immediately passed and Anna felt a wave of pure lust run through her with an intensity that made her shiver.

She glanced one more time outside, but frankly at this point it wouldn't have mattered if the Chief of Staff of the Hospital was coming through the door. She reached out and grasped the rigid member with her right hand.  Some part of her brain that was still functioning in a clinical capacity noted that the penis was dangerously warm- almost hot, but the part that was in control couldn't care less if it was on fire. 

Incredibly, she felt herself orgasm. Just from holding the damned thing, she came, her knees almost buckling. She clutched the side of the bed with her other hand and gasped out loud. "But I'm not even straight!" She thought as she rode the sensations, a series of throbs of pleasure radiating out from her clitoris.  

She was finally aware of something else, too. Some...contact. Her eyes shot to the man's face.  No change whatsoever, nor on the monitors. But she had heard....a voice. Or ...something.

She released the cock and stepped back, and the sense of being compelled, controlled, faded immediately. Almost as soon as she let it go, the hard-on began to wilt, and in just a few seconds the penis was entirely flaccid. 

"Wow- mister, you're sure a grower, not a shower." She said half-out loud.  Limp, it couldn't by any stretch of the imagination be called anything more than average-sized- no wonder she hadn't noted it earlier. 

She rearranged the man's gown and sheets, and then stared at his face.  The man was handsome, but not devastatingly so.  Likewise, he was well-built, but not ripped with muscle. He was hardly a Greek god or anything. 

The voice, or whatever it had been, had tried to tell her something, and she frowned as she thought about it.  Just concentrating on it made her aware of a dim, very faint buzzing sound, like the wings of some tiny insect. 

She shook her head- she had work to do, and it was time she got back to it.

The buzzing feeling wouldn't go away, and the memory of the erection and her strange reaction to it stayed with her the rest of her shift and all the way home.   

She was a runner, with a runners' body, long and lean. She routinely did five miles after she got home from a shift, and the run usually let her purge herself from the sometimes traumatic and often heart-breaking events of her work.  But for the entire run her memories were focused on that amazing experience, and her horniness seemed to increase with every step. 

If she had a lover at the moment, Anna would have absolutely eaten her up and down, but she wasn't in a relationship at the moment.  And while there was a sort of fuck-buddy Anna could call on, she was a nurse too, and worked days, and was thus unavailable to her.

As she showered, she couldn't keep her fingers off her clit, and masturbated to orgasm twice.  But her pussy seemed to be on fire. She stepped out of the shower and made a cursory swipe with a towel to dry off, then ran to her bedroom.  

She literally dove across her king-size bed, sliding on the satin sheets to yank open the drawer of the nightstand on the other side, where her toys were kept.  She yanked out her usual favorite- her good old rabbit, and threw herself backward onto the bed. 

The little electric wonder worked its magic on her engorged clitoris, and she writhed on the sheets in pleasure, her off-hand pinching and pulling at her smallish, pointed tits. Her nipples were distended like twin cases of lipstick, and she moaned as she tweaked them in turn.  

She came again and then once more, and still wanted more. She went back to the drawer and sorted through it. She found the one she had been looking for- a highly realistic, flesh-colored dildo with a suction cup at the bottom. She grabbed it and hastily lubed it with some handy oil and rolled off the bed onto the floor.  She growled in frustration as she realized the carpet was going to delay her pleasure, so she literally crawled naked across the bedroom floor to the polished wood of the hallway floor.  

Thrusting base of the dildo down into a vacuum lock, she impaled herself on it, and gasped as it filled her.  She reached out and braced herself against the hallway walls and began furiously plunging up and down on the artificial cock.

The image of the strange, glowing cock on the comatose man was like a vision of the Holy Grail to a questing knight before her- she could see it, almost touch it as it hovered in the air before her. She was dimly aware of the faint, persistent buzzing that had never stopped in the back of her skull getting stronger. 

And suddenly, just as she came with intensity that made her shriek out loud in pleasure, she also knew what the buzzing was trying to say to her.