 I had been running for what seemed for hours before my legs finally gave out underneath me and I had to rest. I collapsed upon the bank of a small pond, closing my eyes as I forced my aching muscles to relax, unaware that I was being watched. I had not meant to take the incorrect fork in the path, the one that had gotten me lost. I had attempted to backtrack, but had been unable to do so as the vines had grown over the path so thickly that by the time I had realized I had truly strayed, I could no longer trace my way back. I wondered if my mother was upset that I was not home and opened my eyes to stare at the lowered sun hanging in the sky above me. It would be night soon; I tried not to panic, but I had never spent a night away from the small cottage my mother and I shared deep in the forest glade of Fenhold Reach. 

The sweat of the running and dirt of the dry patches I had ran across clung to my tanned skin and I peered into the shallow depths of the pond with interest. Perhaps a bath would be relaxing enough to calm my nerves; that was the thought in my mind when I began to strip. After I placing my torn dress and undershift in a neat pile by the bank, I slid into the cool water, appreciating how it felt on my body as I did so. I twisted my just-past-shoulder length brown hair in a bun in hopes of saving it from the moisture and slid deeper into the water until it covered the tips of my breasts. It felt nice and I began to splash the water around me upon my limbs to rinse away the dirt and grime of the day.

I heard a splash not too far from me and looked over my shoulder to see a white horse standing on the edge, lapping water with a pink tongue. 

Intrigued, I swirled around until I could see full view and blinked in stock to note a protrusion spiraling from its forehead - a horn! A unicorn? Impossible! I knew them only in nursery rhymes and bedtime stories my mother would tell me as a young girl. To see one with my own eyes was almost surrealistic and I remained frozen, locked in place as the large purple eyes of the beast locked upon mine. It almost seemed as if it were studying me, as if it were trying to believe I also was real. It snorted and shook its flowing snowy mane, stepping deeper into the water. When it was quite near, it lowered its nose and sniffed at the skin upon my right arm, the arm closest to him. I could see it was male and I began to lift my hand out of the water to see if he would let me pat him, but the action startled the creature and he began to retreat. 

"Hold!" I cried out, not willing to let the only opportunity to be near a unicorn pass me by. The unicorn did stop as if understanding, coming back so that I could raise my hand to touch his muzzle. I knew that if I had not been pure, he would have bolted and he must have known I was as he let me touch and rub his chin, playing with the tiny beard that grew underneath. I suppose I tickled him as he shook his head playfully and I cringed when water droplets went flying. I stood and followed as the unicorn exited the water, letting me touch his withers and then neck. I stroked the softness of his fur, enjoying the touch and he let out a sigh almost human-like as if he enjoyed it as well. I soon found myself leaning against his strong shoulder, completely engulfed in the beauty of the creature. His hide under my nose smelled of hot brass, not an unpleasant scent, but instead quite enjoyable. I felt disappointment when the beast began to walk away but he stopped to look back at me as if to say, 'come' and so I followed him a few paces until he stood beside a small rock, just large enough for me to climb upon. He looked again at me expectantly, horn scraping the back of his spine, clearly indicating he wanted me to mount him. I climbed upon the rock, not minding that I was still naked since it was just he and I, and slid onto his back. The position was not uncomfortable, but being unused to riding a horse, or in this case, unicorn, it felt strange to have myself straddled across in such a way that my muscles pulled in new directions. 

When he began to walk slowly through the forest, it took me a short while to get used to the swaying but, for some reason, it soon began to feel normal. When he picked up the pace a little I held onto parts of his mane which helped greatly. My balance soon came and he began to gallop, a soft canter actually, but it was affecting me in a strange way. The part of me that touched his backbone began to grow warm and tingly as my crotch slowly began to slide back and forth to the swaying rhythm of his stride. I closed my eyes, as the unicorn was extremely careful not to take me through trees, and began to moan at the feeling of the friction of his backbone rubbing against my more ...feminine parts. I continued to moan, enjoying the feeling of the wind blowing through my hair and without any warning at all, an explosion of pure pleasure rocked my body from where the meaty part between my legs was being caressed. I let out a loud groan, a smile completely covering my face, and realized with a start that the part underneath me that had been brought to pleasure was now extremely wet. The unicorn somehow sensed that fact and slowed to a careful walk as I attempted to remain secured upon his back.

When we arrived back at the pond, I slid down to the ground, embarrassed for my release, but the unicorn did not seem to notice my discomfort but instead pushed himself to me so that my arms automatically wrapped around his neck.

"Thank you for the ride, friend unicorn." I mumbled, feeling as if I owed him something for the pleasure he had inadvertently brought me. I kissed his neck softly and went to bathe again in the pond, now that my upper inner thighs were dripping with my own juices. When I exited, I lay upon the bank as the sun completed its cycle downward and attempted to dry off before re-clothing myself. As I lay on the bank, I felt the unicorn nuzzle my neck and I reached up, without opening my eyes and patted his soft muzzle. 

"You are a good friend. I am glad we found each other." I told him, and closed my eyes again to enjoy the setting sun warming my body underneath its comforting rays.

To Be Continued...