 I soon found myself ravenous with hunger and once dressed, I began to explore the area before it grew too dark and I could not see. The unicorn trailed me, and at one point when I came upon some tiny red berries, I grinned, happily beginning to pluck a handful to eat. But the unicorn snorted in alarm and pushed his horn in such a way against my hand that it caused me to spill them.

"Playful thing, no!" I chided him, but with a smile and attempted to pick more. But once again he pushed them out of my hand with a warning snort. I finally understood that the berries must be bad and so I nodded and went in search of something else. This time, I let him lead me to a patch of large juicy looking blackberries and ate until I was nearly sick.

Satiated within my belly, I followed the unicorn back to the pond to a soft copse of tall grass that was incredibly like a bed and curled beside the unicorn, propping my head upon his back like a pillow. It was extremely comfortable and I found myself drifting to sleep completely happy.

Something soft caressed my cheek, waking me with a start and I found myself disoriented at first as I was coated in darkness. Once my eyes adjusted, though, I saw that I was still in the small grove that surrounded the pond nearby. The night sounds were soothing and I sighed softly, feeling comfortably rested, despite it seeming to be the mid of the night.

The moon above me was round and full and I uncurled myself, stretching with a soft yawn of awakening. I looked around but did not see the unicorn, which troubled me. I suppose I had thought him to watch over me during my sleeping, but shrugged and walked to get a sip of water from the pond.

But as I leaned down to drink, I saw something in the water, a figure within. I could tell he was male, strong muscles glided towards me in the moonlight and I found myself completely enthralled with the shadows that played upon his form. I realized with a start he had wings upon his back and wondered if my imagination was running rampant on me. He reached out to touch me and I held out a hand as well, until his hand locked upon mine and began to gently stroke my arm almost as if exploring each inch of the skin. I backed up and watched in wonder as he exited, his large feathered wings wrapping around his lower body as he exited the water. I got a better glimpse of his face in the moonlight and was shocked at his beauty. His face was round and perfect, with a soft jaw, large full lips, dark eyes that intrigued me enough I wished to know what color they truly were. His torso was muscular and I could see the ripples of his perfect form each time he moved. His hair was long and snow-white, flowing around his shoulders, framing his face. His wings were white as well, and they moved slightly to frame me within them, granting us complete privacy within. 

He wrapped his arms around my waist, still touching as if exploring and pulled me a little tighter so that I could smell and feel his warm breath on my face. The odor was not unpleasant, but more of a hot brass smell that reminded me exactly of the unicorn's scent. It was attractive to me and I began to relax, not feeling threatened by the man-creature before me. His hands were brought to my face, where they framed my mouth and nose. I nearly protested when he leaned down to press his lips against mine, but I could not fight him. It almost seemed impossible, as if I were being bewitched or entranced. I accepted his lips eagerly and let him taste them, licking with his soft tongue first the lower, more fuller lip and then moving to the upper lip. Almost as if exploring, his warm, moist tongue probed inside of my lips, and I parted them slightly so that he could gain admittance, closing my eyes as he began to taste inside my mouth, tracing the area of my upper teeth, lower teeth and then touching my tongue gently at first and then more insistent after as if to wake mine own up. I took the hint and began to swirl our tongues together, moaning slightly at the way it made me feel. I could tell my body was heating up, becoming aroused by his touch and kiss. It felt as if time were frozen for us. 

I wanted to protest when his hands reached for the buttons on my dress, but refrained, uncertain of why I did not stop him. After my top was unbuttoned to the waist, he pushed on each side of the shoulder until it slid down my body, leaving me in my undershift. That he removed, sliding it over my head, careful not to tangle it in my arms or hair.

Soon I was standing naked with him and he studied my breasts, unwilling to touch without my permission. I was unable to stop myself and grasped one of his hands and brought it to my left breast, letting him keep it there and begin to explore. I did not know why I felt such wonton abandon with him, not even knowing his name or what exactly he was, but perhaps I thought it was just a dream? I closed my eyes as he explored my breast with his hand, touching, weighing, and testing. When his thumb rubbed against the nipple, I could not help but gasp in pleasure as tiny bolts of lightning shot up my breast and down my spine. I felt a gushing between my legs and knew my juices were flowing from the touch, but I was unwilling to stop him now.

When he brought his other hand to my right breast, stroking them simultaneously, I sighed softly, enjoying the pleasure of it. As he rubbed each nipple, the creature-man brought his mouth to mine and covered my lips with a warm kiss as he stroked. It felt so nice! I had my eyes closed enjoying every sensation from the kissing to the stroking to feeling his hardness against my belly, all the while being wrapped as if in a cocoon by his soft feathery wings. After a few moments, I felt his hands explore and his mouth had been removed from mine, much to my disappointment. I gasped softly as his exploring fingers had casually stroked down my belly and reached the soft fuzz that rested between my legs. He stroked there until his thumb found a button of pleasure and I began to moan while spasms wracked my body almost uncontrollably. I screamed after a few moments and felt a gush of wetness ontop of the already wet places there. 

I did not balk when he pressed gently with both hands on my shoulders, forcing me slowly to my knees. I let him guide his stone-hard erection into my mouth and gladly took the member eagerly. I began to suck it, although I did not know how good I was doing since I had never done anything like that before, swirling my tongue on the head, and trying my best to bring him as much pleasure as he had brought me. The liquid that slowly immerged before his own pleasure had been released was delicious. I would have needed no berries or fruit or meat after, it alone was filling and would fill me. After I bobbed my head back and forth a short while, I felt his hands on my head stroking gently while I continued to suck. 

When the pressure of his fingers were almost painful on my skull, I knew he was close to release and began to suck harder to see if I could bring him the most pleasure any man had ever felt. His soft moan was gratifying almost as much as the hot, salty liquid that shot to the back of my throat and kept coming. It tasted better than anything I had ever tasted in my life. So delicious it was I felt disappointed when he was spent and had no more to give me. He touched my shoulders as if wanting me to lift myself up from my knees, so I made my way up his body by kissing my way there. When I finally made it back to his face, I greedily found his mouth and we kissed, sliding our tongues, by taking turns, into each other's mouths. It was stimulating me more so, but he pulled back as the sun began to peek into the sky for morning. I got a good look at his eyes as the sun began to illuminate the world, and was surprised to see that they were purple in color. 

When he glanced at the sun and frowned, I knew he was leaving me.

"Will you be back?" I had to ask and felt an intense relief when he nodded and leaned down to kiss me deeply but quickly before dashing up into the sky, flying away so fast I could only see a blur. I went back to the copse and curled into a ball, a large smile on my face in anticipation for the night of pleasure to come soon. I was soon asleep, unaware that the unicorn had returned and sprawled out beside me almost as if needing the touch of my bare back for comfort. I did not realize that I was still naked, but it did not matter. All that mattered was that I was going to see *him* again....

To Be Continued...