 When I rose a few hours later, I felt completely content and happy. My belly seemed to need no food and I took the opportunity to bathe in the pond once more to clean off any traces of the pleasure I had felt during the night's activities. I could not help but smile at the thought of my winged lover returning to my arms later that night and knew with all of my heart the day would drag by. But it did not. I spent time with the unicorn, who never left my side, always standing guard over me, leading me to the best shade places during the hottest parts of the day. And when he let me ride him again, I felt complete pleasure just like the previous ride, gasping as we came to a halt and sliding off of his back, leaving an enormous wet stain behind from my release. As long as my days were like that and my nights were like the previous night, I would never need for anything!

And when the night came, I waited for my dark-loving creature to appear, sitting next to the pond, naked, anticipating his return. I was uncertain why I felt the desire to sit in the darkness without any clothes on my body, waiting on something that was not exactly human to bring each other pleasure. To an outsider, it would probably have not made much sense, but to me, it was all about the waiting and anticipating and then the climb to the highest level of pleasure. When I heard a flapping noise behind me, I leaped to my feet and spun to face the same creature as before. Immediately, he rushed to me, wrapping his arms and wings around me, holding me tightly to his naked body. I heard myself sigh as his hands traced patterns upon my back lovingly and I reached up to trace a finger across his smooth cheek. 

"I missed you." I murmured softly, smiling at him and eagerly gave him my lips when he leaned in asking for them with his own. We kissed, sliding our tongues around and around, licking and slurping as much as we could. Tonight, he led me to the softest patch of grass and let me lay upon it as he studied my body in the moonlight. He gently spread my legs apart so that he could get easy access and I wondered if he were going to enter within me. I hoped if he were going to do that, he would go easy on me as I had never had any form of relations with a man being so isolated in the forest with my mother as my only guardian. But his finger just explored. It felt so nice to have him touch me so gently, probing and prodding curiously. I had the desire to do the same for him as I had only gotten a brief glimpse at his manhood before sliding it into my mouth the previous night. When he leaned down and began to lick me in the most sensitive and private of spots, I could not help but gasp in intense pleasure. His lips were parted and his tongue was moist and warm. It was an incredible sensation, much, much more stimulating than when his finger was rubbing there. When he inserted his tongue deeper within me and then sucked gently at first growing more intense afterward, I reacted by bucking and arching my back as the pleasure of release took me over. The world spun for a few seconds as I screeched, my fingers digging into the ground, uprooting the grass as I did. But he was not finished. No, his tongue licked me until I thought he had left no juice, and the sound of his sucking and slurping brought me to further arousal. Once more, I was gasping and screeching in pleasure as he brought me again and again to the pinnacle of pleasure.

When he felt that I was satiated, he crawled beside me and studied my grinning face, tracing my lips with his thumb as he did. When his hand began to stroll down my body, reaching to cup my right breast in his hand I knew I wanted him in me. I wanted to give myself completely to this creature-man who brought me nothing but pleasure in a very caring way. I wanted him to be my first. I let my body roll to the side so that I was facing him and touched his cheek, exploring his body the way he had been exploring mine. I traced down his chest, admire the curves of his muscles, touching his nipples lightly and moving finally to his rock-hard manflesh. I stroked it gently at first, touching when I could the mushroom-like head, stroking underneath to his testicles and rubbing them gently. I pushed him lightly onto his back, worried at first about his wings, but they did not seem to trouble him and actually flattened nicely. I put myself ontop of him and then worked my mouth over his, moving almost as one as we kissed and sucked each other's lips. I slid my body down until he was in the perfect position to receive me, but before I could touch the tip of his swollen organ with my liquidy, needy opening, he stopped me, shaking his head. 

"I want you to make me yours completely." I begged, smiling down at him as I began my descent again. But once more he shook his head, grasping me by my waist so I could not be thrusted into. I felt like whining. Why would he not take me? What was all of the pleasuring leading up to if not completion? I was ready. I could not have possibly gotten any wetter than I was. His erection, hard as any rock, told me he wanted me too. Why stop? I collapsed on his chest and sighed softly, wishing I could feel the satisfaction of completely being taken by him. I was disappointed and I think he knew as he tried to lift my head and kiss me, but I turned. I soon found myself on my back in the grass, all alone. It was so sudden, so swift, I had no time to even blink. I scrambled to my feet quickly and scanned the area around me, looking up to the sky and saw no trace of my would-be lover.

"No!" I cried out, stomping the ground in anger. Why did he leave me? Why did he not fulfill my need? Did he not feel the need too? I sighed softly and cleansed myself in the pond, climbing out onto the same patch of grass and frowned as I felt myself fade into sleep. Maybe tomorrow night he would let me be entered. I wanted him as my lover, complete lover. It was making me frustrated to know he would not this night do such. I began to try to plan tomorrow night's encounter. Maybe then I could seduce him enough to take me. It became almost an obsession with me. I would be taken by him into the realm of completion. I had no doubt in my mind he would be mine. Soon.

To Be Continued...