 But the next night, he never showed. I sat by the pond scanning the sky for hours upon hours, but I found myself forever alone. Until daylight came and the unicorn was back.

But even then the unicorn shied from me at times when I attempted to ride him.

Why were these creatures avoiding me so suddenly? I began to worry if there was something wrong with me. Was I suddenly unlovable? On the edge of tears, I curled my arms around my legs and sat by the pond as the sun rose high into the azure sky, wishing I knew if I had become ugly to them or what had gone wrong to make me so untouchable.

"Well what have we here, boys?" I twisted my head around to note in alarm that three men had approached the pond and so I stood to face them, curious about where from they had come. The first one, the one who had spoke, had sandy brown hair, beady eyes and a scruffy beard. I did not like the way he was looking at me, as if I were some sort of morsel for the tasting. He stepped closer and I retreated, nervous and hesitant to trust despite the fact I had been given no reason not to trust him, them. He reached out and grasped my wrist, which stunned me at the swiftness of the motion. I tried to fight him, but he was stronger than me, pushing me to my knees.

"This will be enjoyable." He grinned evilly at me and then motioned for the second man, a beaked-nosed man with black hair and a thick moustache and beard to hold me. The man did as suggested, wrapping his thick meaty hands around my thin wrists, holding them painfully tight. I struggled, screaming for them to release me, but the attempts just made them laugh. The third one, when I caught his eye, looked down, frowning. He was younger than his two companions, blonde hair hanging over his eyes in a pleasing way. I had no reason why I found him attractive at such a strange time but I could sense he was against the attack and stood back, face twisted in disappointment and disapproval.

"She is so pretty. I cannot wait to take her." The leader spoke, approaching me like a wild animal, his teeth bared in primal glee. With a swift motion, he ripped the top to my dress open, sending buttons flying. I let out a cry of dismay as my breasts were freed, for all three to see. 

"Oh yes, beautiful!" The first man stated with approval and the one holding me began to drool on my neck; I could feel his hardness behind me, pressing against my tip of buttocks. I felt as if I could sick up but continued to struggle against my captor, wanting to do nothing but pull up my top and flee from them. 

"Come on, uncle. Let us go now. It will be a long trek back to the village and we are already overdue. Let her be. She has done nothing to you." The third man, the blonde one, spoke finally, in protest for my behalf. I sent a glance of thanks his way, but he could not meet my eye; he was too occupied looking anywhere but at my naked chest.

"Shut up, Dane. I will go when I am ready." The first man turned back to me and pulled the rest of my dress down, including shift so that I was completely naked. I whimpered in embarrassment and fear, pleading with him to release me. When he smacked me roughly against my mouth to silence my complaints, I obeyed, not wanting to instill any more of his wrath upon me. I still attempted to struggle, especially when the leader began to grasp my breasts within his hands and roughly squeeze as if they were his to do such with. I began to feel warm tears of humiliation and fear roll down my face, unable to do anything but let the man grope me. The one holding me began to thrust his solid member against my back, making little grunting noises as he did. It was easy to ignore him as he still had his trousers on thankfully. 

"I really do not think you should do that to her, uncle." The younger man tried to plead on my behalf, but I could see the lust in his eye as he stared at my body. His face was beet red and I could tell he was warring within himself to join or fight. The fight won when his uncle began to stroke me between my legs while unfastening his pant top.

"Stop it, uncle. You need to let her go." His voice was wavering but strong, but his uncle laughed and ignored him, focused on me.

"Have you ever been touched like this, girl? I bet you have many times over, as pretty as you are." I chose to not answer, despite the fact that I had, but only by the one I wanted to have done it to me. He took my refusal to answer as positive and laughed in my face.

"Wench! Whore! You deserve what I am about to do to you!" I looked up and spat on him, quickly shut my eyes after, expecting a slap.

But his hand never came into contact, as Dane, his nephew grasped the upraised hand before it could land.

"Stop it, fool!" His uncle roared and shoved at him cruelly, sending the young man backwards where he landed roughly on his bottom.

"Now, where was I?" The uncle turned back to me, hands reaching for his pants to complete what he wanted to do. But he was unable to do so because a white blur charged him, purple eyes wide with terrible anger. Before the man could even think about doing anything, the unicorn impaled his horn straight into his chest, the force thrusting him backwards and off of his feet. The big man did not even have a chance to expel the air from his lungs, and he lay unmoving. His glazed eyes stared up in surprise - the last look he wore as he died. 

The unicorn, blood thickly coating his horn, spun to where the other man stood still holding me. I could feel the man shaking as he held on, but he pushed me away and began to run. The unicorn was swift and dispatched him quickly, easily pressing the horn in between the man's shoulder blade and spine, destroying him before he could get far.

My savior then spun around and galloped angrily towards the blonde man who had attempted to stop his brethren. But before he could trample the man, I cried out,

"Stop!" I kept my hands covering my chest and nether region as I approached the still fallen man and stepped in front of the horn and feet of the unicorn before he could reach the man. The great beast halted and snorted, sides heaving from the exertion and anger. I held out a hand to the unicorn, stroking its muzzle, enjoying the softness as Dane stood shakily to his feet.

"That is quite a guardian you have, Miss." His voice was thick with fear and awe as he approached. I tried to warn him, but was too late as he stuck his hand out and stroked the side of the unicorn's neck. But nothing happened and I realized he was pure enough to do so. I smiled at him as he continued to pat the neck while I stroked the muzzle. The unicorn had his eyes closed and seemed to be enjoying himself greatly from the attention, which made me smile. I did not notice that Dane had slipped away and had gathered my shift until his soft voice told me, "Here, Miss." I took the shift from him and placed it on my body, still feeling vulnerable and naked even covered as I were. 

"I am sorry my uncle did that to you. He did not deserve death, but he did not deserve to go unpunished." The blonde man shook his head sadly and began to pull large logs and sticks together to prepare for a pyre to burn bodies. I began to help him, gathering the lighter sticks that I could carry. I felt sorry for him to lose a family member, but I simply could not bear to think of what his uncle would have done to me, violating my body further, if left unfettered or even alive. 

When the sun began to set, I watched the flames burn the men's body, the crackling of the wood loud in the silence between Dane and I. He turned to me as the men were engulfed asked, "What is your name?" I had begun to braid a single braid in the unicorn's mane and turned to face him, touched that he would care to know.

"Audra." I replied shyly, my grip on the unicorn tightening to bring me strength and boldness. 

"That is pretty." It was all he said before glancing at the sun's last ray. "I should be going. I have a long journey back home to bring some bad tidings to the men's families." He sighed, shaking his head at the loss, and I nodded. 

"Fare thee well, Dane. Thank you for your help." I said with a solemn expression. He looked at the unicorn once, watching almost unseeing as it began to walk from us, and the man approached me slowly. Taking both of my hands within his, which felt extremely nice, he leaned in and pecked me on the cheek.

"Again I am apologetic for what you had to endure, Audra. Perhaps our paths will cross again some day." I smiled at him, waving as he walked away and into the forest until he was swallowed up by the darkness. I felt a loss for his absence and turned to look for my unicorn, hoping to thank him with an enormous hug around his neck. But he was not to be found. When I heard a light fluttering noise, I spun in alarm to find my night's love before me, his naked body shining brightly in the pyre's light. I gasped when I saw him, excitement filling me, and I ran to nearly leap into his outstretched arms.

"Oh, oh, oh, I have so much to say to you!" I told him, kissing his lips, cheek and trailing down the side of his neck. "I do not want you to leave me alone another moment. Stay with me! Stay with me always?" I pleaded, begging with my eyes for him never to go away again. He shook his thick, snow hair in denial at me, which made me feel sorrowful that he could not make me the promise to stay. I froze when I saw a part of his hair fall from his shoulder – it was a long braid just like the braid I had put into the unicorn's thick white mane. I felt my eyes grow wide and gasped in realization and dawning of insight. Could it be that he was the unicorn?!

To Be Continued...