 "You are my unicorn?" I asked, staring up into his darkened eyes. His frown was clear as he disapproved of my knowledge, but he nodded reluctantly, unwilling to lie to me.

I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled him to me, sighing in peaceful bliss when his large wings wrapped around me, the cocoon of love and protection that I enjoyed so much. As he held me, gently stroking my back in wide circles to soothe, I marveled that the creature could be such a majestic beast in day and an amazing winged man at night. He was my day, night lover and I thought I could live contentedly with him for the rest of my life. I did not protest when he removed my shift, lifted me into his incredibly strong arms and carried me into the pond. The coolness made me gasp but I was quickly warmed by the body heat of the winged man as he cradled me within an engulfing embrace. 

"Are you not afraid to get your wings wet?" I asked as the feathers dipped into the water. I had to laugh when he stretched them fully, giving them a quick shake. Any beads or droplets of water went flying and the wings were dry once more. Having his wings up away from his body gave me a good view of his strong torso, his flat, defined abdomen and the attractive patch of whiteness that surrounded his manhood that was just visible above the water's surface. When he saw me gazing down at his stately organ, I had to stifle a smirk as the member began to lift and grow almost as if by magic before my eyes until it was upright and almost as if aiming at me. Unable to resist, I released my touch from him, feeling the loss of the warmth, and went to my knees, ignoring the way the pebbles and sand beneath me dug into my skin. I looked up at his face as I took his rod into my mouth and began to suck for all my worth. His eyes scrunched shut and he made a pleasure noise as I swirled my tongue up and down from the tip of the mushroom like top down the shaft to the base. I tried to see how much of it I could take into my mouth and down my throat, once I had gotten used to not gagging, but I was unable to make it so that my nose touched his soft down. 

Just before I let him have the pleasure of completion and push his creamy seed down my throat, I released his manhood and leaped upon him, pressing my opening, not just wet from the water, on top of his organ. But even unprepared as he were, he caught me before I could and held me up, preventing me from completing the task at hand. I began to scream in frustration at him.

"Take me! I am yours completely! Why will you not have me? Am I not pleasing enough to you?" He put me down, pushing me away from him, avoiding my outstretched, groping hands and prepared to fly.

"Wait! Do not leave me!" I begged, sorrowful at my actions and at the thought of chasing him away for days again. "I am sorry I yelled." I stepped closer to him, my voice low but trembling, still afraid of losing him. "I just need and desire you. To feel you inside of me." The frustration I felt was almost overwhelming. My insides felt as if they were going to explode and I sighed softly as he took me into his arms once more.

He brought me to the edge of the bank and spread my legs gently apart, pressing his lips along my line until I began to moan at the pleasure and pain of the lack of release. I was so aroused I knew I would not last long, and although it was not the kind of release I wanted to feel, knew it would have to do so I hoped that it would be prolonged. I gasped when his finger was inserted into me, exploring and prodding, and I wondered if that was how it felt to have his manhood inside of me. He pulled the finger in and out, slowly as he continued to lick my private pleasure place until I was squirming with the pleasure of release. I know his hand and face were covered in my juices after, I could not help myself, he had brought me to such a climax and pleasureful release until my body pulsed with incredible sensations. I heard him splash in the water, probably to clean himself and he returned to lie against me, pulling me half onto his body to hold me for the remainder of the night. I pressed my eyes closed, listening to his strong heartbeat and wishing we could be complete. I knew I was being selfish and greedy wanting all of him, but I could not help it. It was such a depressing feeling to know he was there so ready and yet would not give himself to me. 

When I woke to find myself alone and still naked, I dressed swiftly back into my shift and sought my damaged dress to see if I could find someway to repair it. I had decided to go home. I missed my mother, but also knew I had to get away from my day, night lover.

I could not stand another night of teasing. Yes, he pleasured me and let me pleasure him, but it was not enough. I did not want a half-lover. It was not fair! I pouted as I put the dress back together and glanced one last time around the copse and pond. I would miss the place, but it was not my home. When I began to walk, aiming to follow the sun as it swam across the blue sky, I realized I was no longer alone. The unicorn was walking along with me, trying to nuzzle my hand as we did. I finally stopped, understanding that he was attempting to journey with me.

"Stay. I am going home." I tried to tell him, staring into his beautiful purple eyes. He shook his mane and pressed his head against me as if wanting me to rub his neck. I pushed him gently away and tried again. "Stay here. I am leaving." He snorted softly and tapped his back with his horn indicting for me to mount him. I shook my head and began to walk again.

Before I could get deeper into the forest though, he trotted ahead of me and blocked my path. I stopped, glaring at him and crossed my arms.

"Am I your prisoner then? Am I your slave?" I was unprepared when he nipped me on my arm playfully, shaking his head wildly. I knew he wanted me to turn around, but this was not something I would listen to him on. I tried to step around him, but once more he blocked my way with his body. Frustrated, I fell to my hands and knees and crawled underneath, foiling him for the moment. But when I felt a sharp nip on my left buttock, I swung around and slapped his muzzle as hard as I could. This startled him and he reared slightly, sending a flash of fear down my spine. He would not hurt me, surely? I watched him purposefully back up a few steps, shaking his mane and nickering softly at me. He was letting me go. I glared at him one last time and walked into the forest once more, intent on finding my way home. 

I did not know if I could make it. I had walked for days, with no idea of what direction to take or where my home would be. I knew my home was nestled deep with the Fen forest, but truly had no idea how to get there. When I stumbled upon civilization, I began to panic. It was not my home! But I was hungry and needed rest, so I let the villagers surround me with curiosity clear on their faces at my disheveled appearance. I did not recognize any faces so I knew I was far from home and any village my mother had me visit to trade items with. 

"Audra?" I heard a masculine voice call for me and I turned to see the blonde man from the attack, Dane. 

"Hullo Dane." I smiled at him, attracted to his sweet face, clear as the sky blue eyes and strong frame. He pulled me into his arms briefly in welcome and then stepped back, staring at me in confusion. 

"I attempted to find my way back home to the cottage my mother and I shared, but became lost." I looked as frightened as I could muster as many of the villagers began to disperse around us, going back to their daily lives. 

"It is nice to see you again, Audra." His voice was clear, appealing and it was nice to actually be able to hold a conversation with someone again. 

"Same, Dane. I really appreciate what you did for me." I lowered my voice so that no one could hear. "You saved me." I reached up and pecked him on his cheek, ignoring the fact that it had truly been the unicorn to do such, and the man blushed anyway. 

"You are welcome to stay. My parents and I lost my baby sister to the sickness last fall, so we have a spare room if you would like." I smiled, nodding at his offer. 

"Yes I would like that very much. If it is not an imposition, that is. I will gladly help as much as I can to earn my stay." 

"Come then, let me go introduce you to my family." He scooped my hand within his, and I blushed at the touch as it felt nice. "I am certain they will like you, Audra." He grinned as we walked together towards his home.

To Be Continued...