 I soon settled into the comfortable routine of working with Dane's family as they attempted to grow corn and wheat. It was back-breaking work, but it made me feel good to do something worth while. And the room they let me use was tiny, but it had a comfortable bed made of pine and stuffed feathers. Each time I lay upon my bed each night, I stared out of the window into the moon-filled sky and wondered if the winged man was scouring the lands seeking me out. I felt my heart tug in the direction of the glade and wished with all of my heart I had not left. But I knew deep down inside, that I could not go back. I could not take the half-loving. It was just not fair! 

In the meantime, Dane had begun to attempt to earn my affections. He brought me flowers, took me on picnics, and swung me in a swing on an old oak tree that had been at the village outskirts for years. Although I found myself spending quite an enormous amount of time with the handsome man, I just could not let go of my heart and give it to him like he wanted.

One evening we were sitting at the edge of a beautiful lake, Dane's hand in mine, enjoying each other's company greatly. He had never attempted anything other than to hold my hand, but this night, he found the courage to lean over and press his lips against mine.

I smiled at him in return, relishing the feeling of having someone to kiss again. And this time, it was someone who could actually talk to me. 

"Was that all right, Audra?" Dane asked timidly, which was very endearing to me. I nodded and he kissed me again. The crickets sang to us as he took me into his arms, resting me upon the soft grass beneath us, and pressed his lips to mine, resting them there as we moved them in harmony. I snuck my tongue out and licked his bottom lip, which caused quite a reaction. I could feel him harden and stared up into his eyes realizing that I really did feel something strong for the man. 

"I love you, Audra." He told me softly, and I replied back similarly, knowing he wanted to hear it. The words brought a large smile to his face I could see he meant it. I watched as he removed his shirt, as our kissing had grown furious. I myself was warming, sweat rolling down my sides from the passion. Unable to stand it any longer, Dane sat up and helped me up, leaning me against him as we stared out into the darkness of the lake together. 

"Hey, let us swim. I need to cool some." His grin was sweet in the moonlight and candles that were near and I nodded, agreeing that cool water against my skin would feel nice. 

I dropped to my shift as he dropped to his underpants and together we entered the water, shivering only for a few moments. Soon, his arms were around me and he held me up as we swam deeper so that his toes barely touched. I began to kiss him in earnest, enjoying the feel of his arms around me as he kissed me back. 

"Audra, I have never been with anyone before." His words touched me that he would humble himself, and I just smiled back, already knowing he had not. I felt his hands release me and wondered what he was up to until they returned while I treaded water and lifted my shift upwards. He tossed both his and my underclothes to the shore where they would hopefully dry and scooped me into his arms in the depths of the water, pulling me close. I could feel his hardness as it pressed against my abdomen and sighed in bliss as he continued to kiss me, my body reacting as it should. I forced a squeal silent as his hand touched a breast and then slid in between my legs, exploring, rubbing, and pleasuring me. Our kisses deepened as he guided his hardness in between my legs and pushed into me. When he met the barrier, he was confused a moment, unsure of himself. Just as I was about to help him by pushing my body into his to break the barrier and be complete, I caught a glimpse of a fluttering of wings and gasped, pushing Dane away from me. I was shaking and not from pleasure as I scanned the shore around us, startled and confused. Surely I had seen my winged man? He was here, watching me make love with Dane. I could not stand the thought as it hit me that once Dane had me completely, I would never be able to touch the unicorn or his night counterpart again. With a cry, I began to swim to the shore, leaving Dane confused and frustrated, calling my name.

Once I dressed, tugging on my last boot, I began to run as fast as I could in the direction I thought the glade might be. I felt terrible for leaving Dane the way I did, as I really had grown to love him in a way, but I knew my heart belonged by the pond. I ran through the night, ignoring the pain when I tripped and fell over vines and logs. I rested in the nook of a tree trunk only for a few moments to catch my breath and to gather my strength once again before dashing deeper into the bosom of the forest around me. I continued to travel in the direction of my heart, letting it guide me until at last, as evening had begun to fall, I stumbled into the same glade. It felt as if I had arrived home and I curled up in a ball on the side of the bank that had become my favorite spot and began to sob. 

I never thought he would give me another chance after seeing me naked in the arms of another, but when I felt something soft and fluttery on my cheek. I stopped crying and sat up, staring into the shadowy face of the winged man. I reached out, terrified of his rejection, and sighed in relief when he held out a hand and hesitantly touched me as if afraid I was no longer pure enough to touch. The contact was soothing and I let him pull me up and into his arms where he let me cry on his shoulder for a very long time.

When I had finally ceased my sobbing, he recognized the fact I had calmed and slowly released me, staring down at me wordlessly as he stroked my cheek and hair.

"I love you." I told him plainly, never expecting it returned. "I understand that I can never have you fully and I am prepared to accept that future." A part of me was torn as I spoke, wanting to know the pleasure of making love to a man, but the cost, I knew, was too high and not worth losing what I had. He leaned in and kissed me, lingering, and scooped me into his arms to set me down and climb on top of me. I let the winged man lift my dress and undershift from me and set it apart until our naked bodies were pressed together with nothing to separate us. "I love you." I repeated as I stared up into his face, wishing it were lighter so I could stare into his purple eyes. I felt his hardness and it was almost too much for me as it pressed into my belly, the desire to have him in me was almost overwhelming. But I did not attempt to move him to me nor pressure him with words. I just let him kiss me and feel how wet I had become between my legs from that desire.

I began to moan slightly when he began to rock his manhood against my own pleasure place, enjoying the friction it was creating. He continued to do this as he reached down and lifted my hands, clasping the fingers within his own and lifted them above my head, resting comfortably there. His rocking became more and more furious and at one point he scrunched up his eyes and I knew he was close to release. I let go of his fingers and scooted underneath his body downward, ignoring the pain when I scraped the back of my head on a small rock. I took his hard rod into my mouth and began to suck, wanting to taste him as he exploded. It did not take long as he had been so very close beforehand and I swallowed his seed as he groaned and clenched his buttocks in release. It was wonderful and his spew tasted so good that I knew I would not need sustenance for a while so filling it was in my belly. 

He scooted downward and rested his body on mine, careful not to squish me. I smiled as he rested and recovered from his pleasure, all the while he stroked my hair. I leaned over and kissed his cheek and closed my eyes, intent on sleeping, fulfilled because he had been. It was nice to give and not expect anything for once and I sighed in satisfaction as if I had been the one to reach the pinnacle of pleasure instead of him. I let my eyes slide open slowly when I felt his hand start to caress the closest breast and groaned. No! He could not tease me! I could not take it. Not tonight! I turned to where I was watching him as he touched me and whispered, "I shall rest now, my love." But he did not stop. His hand began to make swirls around the areola, which made me grimace in desire and wantonness. When he put his mouth on the nipple and began to gently suck, I arched my back and attempted to push his head away. But he would not. It was agony! Torture!

"Please, no, love, I cannot handle it." I sighed as he suckled me, moving to the other when he felt as if the first had had enough. I moaned with pleasure, gasping when his hand reached between my legs and began to rub gently there. When he felt he had done plenty to the breast tips, he brought his mouth back to mine, moving my hands back to where they were before above my head, clasping them tightly. I liked the position and the way he was kissing me as if it were urgent. But then the urgency frightened me. Was he leaving me? After I had come all this way, returning to his arms, desiring to never leave again? He stopped kissing me and stared down into my face, tracing the edges in the moonlight and I desperately wished I could hear him talk to me to tell me what he was thinking. 

I blinked in surprise when he climbed onto his knees and used one to spread one of my legs and then the other. When he entered me, I could not believe it! I gasped at the suddenness, the surprise of it. He met my barrier and grunted, nodding once and thrusting hard and quickly, wincing when I screamed in pain and agony. But once it was broken, he continued his journey, pressing further until he was all the way inside of me. Slowly he began to pull out and I feared he was exiting, but before I could protest, he slid in again, doing it in a rhythm until I thought I was about to perish from the pleasure of it. He began to kiss me as I had lifted my head slightly and once our lips joined, with our bodies joined now, he began to rock me gently, thrusting so carefully inward and out, each time he did I moaned with such pleasure against his mouth. Moving in a steady rhythm, he rolled over until he was on his back in the grass and I was on top. I straddled him and let him use his strength to lift me up and down, bring us both such pleasure of the union between us. I was moaning and writhing in such delight, never knowing just how good it could feel to have him so fully inside of me, loving me so much. I never wanted it to stop! Wave after wave of pleasure was mine as he pressed me on my back, hooking my legs over his shoulders as he pumped into me harder and harder until I was practically passing out from the sensation and bursting pleasure inside of me. It was amazing how long he pressed in and out inside of me until finally, he gave out and began to groan, turning it into a loud moan as his own release finally came forward. He nearly collapsed upon me, once he had finished filling me with his seed and sighed softly, kissing my lips gently. 

I was ready for him to hold me, and bask in the afterglow of our love, but began instead to protest when he exited quickly, dumping our combined liquids of love out of me in one fluid motion. Without a word, he leaped up to his feet and flew into the sky, leaving me to enjoy the radiance of our love by myself. Disappointment filled me as I wondered if he had regretted our lovemaking. Did his disappearing mean that he would never return? Had he ruined my only chance of having him in my life forever? I had been ready to give up any lovemaking if it meant spending my lifetime with him. Did he just rob me of that chance? I curdled into a ball and began to weep.

To be Continued...