 Conclusion



It had been many months since I had seen Day and Night as I had grown to call the enigma that was my unicorn/winged man. Each day I watched and waited for him in unicorn form to show and take me for a ride or nuzzle my hand, but he never showed. At night I lay awake staring up at the sky, searching for wings, but I never heard the flutter, or felt the softness brush up against my body. Sighing noisily, I gathered the berries that never seemed to go out of season to mash them up into the jam I was making for my wheat bread I had baked in the stone oven I had created from the earth. It was not easy, but after the first few days of realizing I was going to be alone from that point forward, I knew I had to figure out how to make my life self-sustaining.

As I placed the berries on the already-stained crushing rock, I cradled my swollen belly and sighed again. In a short while I would be holding a little one and I wondered what he would look like. Would he have purple eyes? Would he be a baby horse with a horn? The thought of me giving birth to a unicorn made me giggle and I grimaced when I realized I had gotten berry juice on my hands and a spot on my bare belly. I had not worn clothes since the night he had removed them from me, the night of our passionate lovemaking that had created the new life inside of me. Waddling over to the pond, I began to wash off the berry juice when I nearly jumped out of my skin. A naked man with long white hair burst out of the forest and crawled on his hands and knees toward me. 

Heart pounding furiously against my ribs, I charged out of the water and ran to where he lay curled in a ball. I approached cautiously, wondering what sort of man runs through a forest naked and gasped when I bent down and moved his hair out of his face revealing familiar features to me. Was it my unicorn/winged man? His hair was long and silky white, flowing over his shoulders and I could not help but wonder how he was in human form. When I touched his shoulder lightly, he woke, startled and turned to stare up at me with large, frightened purple eyes. I let out a cry when I recognized those eyes and pulled him to me in a light embrace, mindful of my swollen belly. 

He was so weak and tired that he fell instantly asleep as if he had been traveling non-stop and I felt pity for him, letting him lay where he was. I rested his head in my lap, ignoring the chores I had set for myself for the rest of the day and watched him sleep, recovering from whatever he had just endured. As the sun began to set, his eyes fluttered open and he sat up slowly, looking at me with open curiosity. 

"Are you my love?" I asked him, knowing it was, but wanting to make sure. He nodded and I smiled at him, rubbing my belly. "We are going to have a new life together soon." I grasped his hand gently and put it on my belly top, letting him feel the extension of our love. I could not ignore the shaking of his hand and knew he was now just a human. But that was all right with me. 

After he had recovered and had drank some of the sweet pond water, filling up on some berries and bread, I noticed he could not keep his eyes off of me or my swollen breasts, my belly or any part of me. It was making him hard to see me naked and so I went to the place I had hid my old clothes and put the shift on. It barely fit, wrapping snuggly around my belly and I knew I would have to figure out how to loosen it some once I grew more. Once dressed, I sat beside him and we stared at each other for a few moments trying to figure out what to do from that point. 

"My name is Audra." I told him, flustered from the lack of him saying or doing anything but staring at me. "Do you have a name?" He shook his head and I sighed. This was going to be tough.

"May I call you Day?" He shrugged and curled into a ball, turning his back to me. I wondered what the matter was and then realized he must be going through some sort of shock now that he was human. "Day?" I touched his back, tracing soft patterns there once I did. He turned his head slightly to indicate he heard me. "Did you... Did you give up your unicorn and winged form for me?" His head nodded slightly, telling me everything. He had given it up to be complete with me; he had given it all up to satisfy me. I could not help but let out a cry and pressed my palm against my eyes in horror and shame. The tears would not stop flowing as I felt terrible for what I had cost him for one night of passion. I jumped slightly when I felt his arms go around me and pull me to his chest. He rocked me for a few moments and I sighed softly, feeling slightly better.

When we parted, he looked into my eyes and smiled. It was mind-numbing, that smile. I could not help but smile back and watch as he leaned in hesitantly and try to kiss me. It was clumsy as if kissing me (or anyone for that matter) for the first time and I helped him the best I could. After the kiss, he opened his mouth and at first nothing came forth, but after a few tries, he gargled out the words, "I...loooove... yuuuu." I nodded vigorously, knowing from his sacrifice that his words were nothing but truth.  

"I love you too, Day. I truly do." I kissed his cheek and leaned into his strong chest, letting him wrap his arms around me. As he rubbed my belly lightly, I sighed, happy for the first time in a very long while. Suddenly, things did not seem so difficult and I truly did feel complete. 



THE END