 'So how many are coming?' I asked, adjusting my makeup in the mirror.

'Three, I think,' Margo replied. She twisted around, looking at her ass. 'Do I have cum in my fur?'

I lowered the mascara brush from my eye and turned to look at her. Her jet black fur ran from her waist all the way down to her paws. A tail stuck out atop her ass, lifted high as she pulled her cheeks apart and inspected. She was a cat hybrid. Human from to top, cat from the waist down. Hybrids weren't as uncommon as they had been fifty years ago. Once a rare cosmetic option soon became the wildest craze amongst many people. People chose different animals, and had the procedure for different reasons. But soon a good portion of the human race carved out their own unique species. 

The procedure altered their DNA structure, making them unable to have kids with regular humans, or even with those of a different animal hybrid. However, two of the same hybrid could have children who would bear their characteristics. 

'I can't see anything,' I said, looking over her furry butt.

'Good,' she said, dropping her tail. 'The client before wanted to rub his dick all over me.'

She grabbed her thong and stepped both her paws through it before pulling it up and nestling it beneath her tail. She turned back around and fixed her hair in the mirror. She seemed so nimble on those paws. Every step she took was so precise and elegant, never making a sound. 

Margo had already undergone her procedure when I met her a few years back. She had told me it was a graduation present. She had wanted it for years beforehand and knew that cat would be her choice. 

She grabbed an unruly stand of hair and pushed it behind her pointed, furry ear. 

'You off tomorrow?' she asked.

'Yeah, you,' I said, going back to applying my mascara. 

'Yeah. I was thinking of making a quiche for the two of us for dinner if you're keen?'

'That sounds good.'

'All right, girls. They're ready,' Vicky said from the doorway. 'Remember to look your best.'

My heart jumped as I rushed to grab my clothes. The other women in the dressing room doing the same. I threw a loose silk dress over my head as Margo threw on what could best be described as a shawl, leaving her bottom half exposed to show off her fur and tail. 

Vicky led the way from the dressing room out into the main room of the brothel. I followed closely behind, watching the little fluffy tail atop her butt wiggle with each step. She was a bunny hybrid. Fitting for a brothel. A real life playboy bunny. Her large ears poked through her hair and her white tipped paws stepped as softly as Margo's.

She led us out into the main room of the brothel and lined us up facing the door. 

'Wait here and I'll bring them in,' she said, before heading out through the door. We waited nervously, the seconds ticking by. I looked down the line at the others. Margo's tail curled anxiously around her leg as she intertwined her fingers in front of her. 

The other girls were all hybrids of differing species. There was another cat girl of the whitest fur matching her fair hair. Further on from her were two girls of different dog breeds and a pig girl. I could never understand why she had chosen pig as her hybrid, but I had to admit the soft pink fur that ran from her large ass down to her small trotters was kind of cute. I was the only true human at the brothel, something that had become almost a novelty for our clients.

The door opened and Vicky led three men inside. They were all wolf men. Shaggy grey hair stuck out from beneath their pants. Their lean paws ending in large claws. 

'Gentlemen,' Vicky said. 'We have the finest girls here for you tonight. Please feel free to inspect them.'

Two of the wolf men approached the other girls, while the larger wolf man remained where he stood, his arms folded across his chest. His eyes scanning over us slowly.

One of the other wolf men approached Margo. He felt her breast in his hand before letting it fall and stepping around behind her. He ran his hand along her furry ass before plunging his fingers between her legs. She let out a gasp as he probed inside her. 

'This one will do,' he said, withdrawing his fingers. Margo turned and padded after him as he led her down toward one of the bedrooms.

I turned back to find the larger wolf man standing in front of me. I almost jumped as he ran his fingers over my hips.

'Are you a pure blood?' he asked, looking down at my feet. 

'Yes.'

'Hmm, interesting. It's been a long time since I have had a pure blood. You've done it with a hybrid before?'

'Many times.'

'Good,' he said. 'Let's go.'

He led the way down to the bedrooms, his shaggy tail swaying behind him. I stepped into the room and he closed the door behind us.

'Take your dress off,' he instructed. 

I pulled the fabric from my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. He watched me as I did.

'I do quite like pure bloods. There's something to be said for how smooth a furless thigh is.'

He returned his hands once more to them, tracing his fingers along my skin. His hand ran down my back and over my ass, passing effortlessly over where a tail would have been.

'On the bed,' he instructed, standing up and pulling his shirt off. 

I got onto the bed on all fours. Most canine men preferred this position. I watched as he pulled his pants off, revealing a furry sheath. A red tip began to slowly grow out of it as he got onto the bed behind me. His firm hands grabbed my smooth hips as I felt the fur of his legs tickle my thighs. The tip of his canine cock teased my lips before plunging into me.

I gasped as it filled me up, swelling inside me. He thrust into me, each one drawing a moan from deep within me. As out hips collided with each thrust, the fur of his sheath pricked at my pussy.

As he fucked me, I felt his knot begin to swell. His thrusts became shorter and faster, keeping it inside me as it ballooned. I cried out in pleasure as it expanded further and further, applying a great pressure against my g-spot. My lips felt stretched on every backward thrust until it felt impossible for him to pull out. We were locked together. 

With one final thrust he came deep inside me. His hot cum splashed against my insides as his cock pulsed. 

His cuming slowed to a stop as his hot breath poured over my back. He sat up on his knees and rotated around, pulling his leg over me until we were ass to ass. I moaned in pleasure as his huge knot rotated inside me, rubbing every nerve on my inner walls. His tail flicked from side to side until it found a place to rest on my back. 

He let out a chuckle as I felt his hand run over my foot. 

'I almost can't remember when my paws looked like this,' he mused, tracing lines over the arch of my foot and between my toes. 'They're so flat and large, if you'll pardon me saying. Compared to paws of course.'

I looked back at his paws lying on the bed either side of me. It was hard to imagine how a human foot could change into something like that, or what it felt like for him. Margo had said her paws felt like always wearing high heels, but without the pain they brought. 

My pussy lips began to stretch an uncomfortable amount until, with a pop, his knot pulled free and his cock fell out of me. A stream of cum followed him, leaking down my legs and onto the bed. 

I rubbed my sore pussy as I rolled onto my back. His red cock glistened against his fur, still dripping cum. His knot looked so small now. It always felt so much bigger inside.

He stood up, his claws scratching against the ground.

'Vicky wasn't lying,' he said.

'About what?'

'You girls are certainly the best in the city. I will be sure to come back.'

~

I shoved my ample breasts into a sports bra the next morning, and got ready for a jog. I tied my running shoes on and heading out to find Margo in the kitchen.

'How was your client last night?' I asked.

'Ugh,' she groaned, eating another spoonful of her cereal. 

'That bad?'

'It's not that I don't like canine men. I mean I love the feeling of their knots. It's just they all want to roleplay cat and dog.'

'What's that involve?'

'You know, spanking, biting, pulling my tail; them wanting me to try and run away, only for them to catch me before we fuck.'

'That does sound annoying.'

She sighed. 'It is, but to be honest, they pay better when I let them.'

'At least you get that. Everyone wants to fuck a pure blood, but they never want to pay more to do so.'

'I suppose. Are you going for a run?'

'Yeah,' I said, putting the cap on my bottle and heading toward the door. 'Don't wait up.'

The day was clear and the air crisp as I ran. My shoes thudded against the pavement as I ran down the many streets toward the park. I rounded a corner out onto the main road. The park was down along here. 

As I ran, I approached a bus stop along the road. Standing there was a beautiful fox lady is a business skirt, waiting for the bus. Her large bushy tail poured over the back of her tight skirt, almost reaching to the ground and ending in a white tip. Her large pointed ears poked up through her red hair, with little tufts of white fur inside them.

I had always loved the way fox women looked. They seemed so elegant on their slender legs with such a bushy tail behind them. But that would not be my pick if I were to become a hybrid. Ever since I had been a girl, horses had been my favourite animal. If I were to get the procedure, I knew that they would be my choice. 

My friend in elementary school had always tried to encourage me to get it. She was the daughter of a deer hybrid couple, taking on their characteristics from birth. Her legs were long and skinny, covered in a light brown fur, spotted with patches of white that faded as she grew up, and ending in cloven hooves. Besides her deer ears sitting atop her head, she also had little nubs of horns hidden under her hair.

I could remember the first time she had seen me without shoes on. Having had her cloven hooves since birth, she had never seen human feet before. 

'Wow, it's like you have little fingers on your feet!' she had exclaimed as I wiggled my toes.

We had lost contact after middle school, but I still remember how jealous I had felt of her hooves. They weren't quite horse hooves, but they were close enough to imagine.

I wanted that. I had tried to embrace being a pure blood, but it just wasn't for me. I could only imagine how great it would feel to run with powerful legs and solid hooves propelling me forward. 

I arrived back home an hour later and sought out Margo. Panting, I found her in the lounge room.

'Have a good run?' she asked. Her legs were pulled up close to her on the couch with her tail wrapped around them as she read a book. 

'Yeah. Hey, can I ask you something?'

She looked at me puzzled. 'Sure, go ahead.'

'How did you know the hybrid procedure was right for you?'

'Hmm, I don't know. It was just what I wanted.'

'And you never felt like you made a mistake or anything?'

'No. It feels like an upgrade from my old body. Why?'

I sat down in the chair opposite her, pushing sweaty hair from my face. 

'I've been thinking about getting the procedure.'

Margo's eyes lit up and the tip of her tail flicked back and forth excitedly.

'Ooo! What animal are you thinking of choosing?'

'I've always liked the idea of being a horse hybrid,' I admitted, blushing.

'That sounds cool. That is if I can't sell you on being a cat. It is the best choice after all.' She pointed a long leg at me and flexed the toes on her paw.

'I like the idea of having hooves.'

'Aw, but paws are so much more fun. Plus you'll get a proper tail as a cat.'

'Nope, you can't change my mind on that,' I said, shaking my head with a giggle. 'But maybe you could change my mind on the procedure in general. I'm still not sure if I'm making a mistake.'

She lowered her leg. 'You'll know if it's right for you. One way or the other, you'll make the right choice.'

~

I did reach a decision that I felt comfortable with over the next few days. I booked my appointment at the hospital and went in on Saturday. 

'Please fill out all of these forms,' the nurse said, handing me a number of pieces of paper. I sat down in the waiting room and began signing each one. 

To be honest I found myself more worried about my finances than the procedure. I had the money to pay for this, of course, but I had finally decided to quit my job at the brothel two days ago. There were no other horse girls there, so even though I was losing my uniqueness as a pure blood, I would still be able to attract clients. But I found myself wanting a fresh start. A clean break. I had a plan on what I could do after the procedure. It might be wishful thinking, but there was only one way to find out. 

'Ms Carraway? This way please,' the nurse said.

I handed the signed papers to the receptionist and followed the nurse up to the rooms on the above floors. 

I changed into a hospital gown and slid into the bed. There were three other people in the room. Two had their curtains drawn around their bed, but the woman opposite me sat up, watching intently. Pointed, furry ears sat atop her head. From the look of them, canine. She gave me a small smile before the nurse closed my curtain around us. 

'All right, just hold still. This will sting a bit,' she said, attaching an IV to me. I grimaced. It was an awful sensation. Afterward, she grabbed a needle and a small bottle of liquid. 

'Ready?' she asked, filling the needle up.

I nodded. She inserted the needle into the IV tube and emptied it. I could feel the chemical enter and spread through me. It was warm. It felt like my body temperature was rising to match it.

The nurse pulled the needle out and grabbed some pills.

'Now take these. They're high dose sleeping pills. Your body is about to go through a lot of changes. It's best that you let it do its thing.'

'Okay,' I said, taking the pills. She handed me a glass of water and I swallowed them. 

'It's best if you sleep on your side so your tail has room to grow.'

I rolled over, already feeling a drowsiness washing over me. She might have said something before she left, I couldn't tell. I raised a hand to my head and felt my small round ears. They would soon change. I wiggled my toes and flexed my feet. I had spent all of last night trying to experience every sensation human feet could give me, knowing that those memories would be all I would have left. 

My mind grew cloudier until finally I drifted into a deep sleep. 

~

I felt groggy and incredibly hungry when I woke up. It took a while for me to remember why I was in a hospital bed. I blinked away the sleep and looked at the bedside clock. Midday. 

I stretched my legs out, only to feel something drag heavily along the bedsheets. My eyes shot wide open as my mind caught up. 

I pulled the blankets back and looked down at my legs. They were muscular and covered in a fine layer of cream colored fur. It was short, though. I imagined it would take a few days to reach its full length. I ran my hands over my thighs, feeling the soft fur and the large muscles bulging beneath the skin. My legs narrowed around the second joint, before disappearing under the remaining bedsheets. With anticipation, I pulled my legs up and out from beneath the sheets. 

A solid hoof was attached to the end of my leg. I ran my fingers over it. It was smooth, though I couldn't feel my touch on it. I ran my hand up to where it connected to my leg, feeling the bone beneath the skin. It was amazing to think how my bones had contorted to form this way. What did this bone use to be? The ball of my foot? The second joint in my new leg must have once been my ankle. Though the distance from the second joint to my hoof was far longer than my foot had ever been. The bone must have stretched four times its length

I tried wiggling my toes, but nothing happened. That connection in my brain no longer existed. It had no more effect than just picturing in my mind someone wiggling their toes. I rapped my knuckles against my hoof. It was hard. So much harder than my soft human feet had ever been. 

I swung my legs over the edge of the bed, feeling my furry ass rub against the sheets. That was the next thing to inspect, but this came first. 

I lowered my hooves to the floor. They made a soft clop as they touched the ground. I pushed against the ground, testing how it felt. The base of them was so flat, they felt solid on the ground. With trepidation, I lifted myself up and onto them. My legs shook as I found my balance, each step making an audible clop as my hooves connected with the hard floor. As I steadied myself, I realised how much taller I was now. I must have gained half a foot. 

As I looked down at myself balancing on such small hooves, compared to my flat feet, I felt something brush against my thighs. I twisted around to see a blonde tail sticking out from underneath my gown. 

I grabbed the gown and bunched it up until I could see my tail in full. It stuck out from above my furry ass, the long hairs reaching down to the second joint in my legs. I focused on it, giving my ass a few wiggles until I found the right muscle to swish it from side to side. Amused I did it again. The hairs brushed against my legs, tickling them. 

I put a hand on my ass. It was larger than before, and so firm. It felt like it had grown more muscly with my thighs. The way my hooves made me stand seemed to make it stick out even further, giving it an even larger appearance. 

I turned around to my front and inspected it. My fur started just below my navel, merging from a few fine hairs into full fur. My pussy was very different too. There was a strip of furlessness running down around it. The skin was much darker than the rest of me, making it stand out against my cream fur. My lips seemed much longer, running all the way to my butt hole. I ran my fingers along the lips, seeing how far back it went. My butt felt different too when I reached it. It seemed to stick out more, like a puffy ring beneath my tail. 

I returned my fingers to my pussy again, this time probing inside. The skin was a bright pink, contrasting with the dark skin on the outside. It wasn't just my lips that had grown, though, my entire pussy had too. It was much larger than it was before. Yet as I inserted a finger I felt the muscles clamp down around it. I wasn't loose by any standards, though I doubted a wolf man would be knotting me successfully ever again. 

I moved my fingers up to the top of my pussy and felt a large mass beneath my lips. Parting them I found a large, flat clitoris. I let my lips slid back into place around it. My pussy was completely equine. 

I heard footsteps approaching and dropped the gown back down. The curtains pulled open and the nurse stepped in. 

'Ah, you're awake. And on your hooves already. Good.'

As she spoke I felt something flick in my hair. I raised a hand only to find a long fuzzy ear poking up. I ran my hand up and down its length, smiling at how my hand tickled the fur. I moved my hand down to the side of my head but felt nothing except smooth skin where my ear had once been.

'You're still getting used to it all, I see,' the nurse said. 'Let's first get you used to those hooves, though. They're a lot different to human feet.'

She stepped forward and grabbed my hands before leading me forward. I took a tentative step, almost falling over. It was like learning to walk in high heels for the first time again. I took another step, this time finding a better balance. Before long I could walk on my own. Not that well, but I could still do it on my own. My new tail swishing with each step as if trying to help with my balance. It was such a surreal experience. My hooves clopped with ever step. My hooves. I finally had hooves after so many years of curiosity. I could only imagine how my deer friend from school would react to seeing me now. 
