 The invitation I had been half-expecting from Suala following the party after my Initiation arrived on the second week of the month after my father had returned to sea. My mother's friend Hana, twelve years my senior, and I had been lovers now for four months and neither of us seemed in any way sated, so I had been going to politely refuse the invitation. When I mentioned this to Hana she was angry with me, to my astonishment.

"Eldan, you cannot refuse. That young lady has gone to the bother of inviting you to her family summer home for the Ilaran'n Festival! It is no casual invitation. That girl desires you, or I am no judge of my sisters! You said yourself that you thought her tentative invitation after your Initiation party had a deeper meaning."

"Yes, but ..."

"But nothing, Eldan," said Hana gently, taking my hand. "I told you at the very beginning that I saw no permanent future for us. You know I'm right."

"Here, yes," I said, touching my head, "but not here," with my hand over my heart. Hana laughed.

"Eldan. Accept the invitation. Please, for my sake."

"But why?" I asked, confused.

Hana smiled, a wicked, delicious grin. "So that you can tell me all about it in bed afterwards!"

I laughed, I couldn't help myself. "Hana! You are incorrigible! Are you certain that you want me to go?" In truth, I was beginning to be quite excited about it myself.

"Yes, Eldan. I am certain. Accept the invitation and enjoy yourself. How does Suala expect you to get to the island?"

"Apparently there is a small inter-island trader which calls twice in a sevenday. I can take passage from the harbour here. It only takes two days to get there, but if I accept the invitation it means I shall not see you for that same sevenday. I don't know either if mother can spare me!"

"Ask her. Ask her too, if she likes, either she and your sister Sana can come here and stay with me, or I will stay with them, if she requires company in your absence. I will be glad of the change."

"I will! I shall ask her tonight."

 My mother was quite happy to let me accept the invitation, in fact she was keen. I suspected that she was not completely happy about my relationship with Hana and wanted me to spend more time with girls of my own age. I sent a note to Suala that I would like to accept and a reply came almost by return in confirmation. Mother had accepted Hana's invitation to stay with her while I was away and I took her and Sana along on my way to the harbour for my boat to the island. Hana was waiting at the gate and greeted my mother and sister warmly and with genuine gladness for their company. She showed them to their rooms and came back alone while they were unpacking, pulling me into the kitchen and kissing me violently.

"Go now, Eldan. Enjoy yourself, enjoy Suala and come back safe!"

"I will." I kissed her. "I'll be back soon."

She kissed me again, quickly, as we could hear the others returning. She pressed a packet into my hands.

"Travel fare. You may need it before you reach the island."

"That was thoughtful, Hana," said my mother, entering the kitchen.

"Thank you, Hana," I said. "I must go now." I kissed my mother and hugged my little sister. "I'll see you all soon."

"Safe journey, son. Enjoy yourself. We'll talk about you while you're gone!"

"Thank you for nothing! Goodbye." I went to the gate and out, turning to look back when I was about thirty paces down the road. They were all standing there, little Sana with her arms around the two adults, all waiting for me to turn so that they could wave goodbye. For some reason there was a lump in my throat, the Goddess knows why, for I was only going on a sevenday's holiday with a girl!

The trip to the island was uneventful and Suala greeted me at the dock, smiling shyly, and reddening a little, in welcome. There was a middle-aged couple there, waiting, and they boarded the trader as I disembarked, after Suala had hugged the woman, and wished the couple safe journey.

I raised my brows in query and Suala smiled. "Antar and Jella Tarlic. They look after the house here for us, but their daughter weds next month and Mama told them not to come back until after the wedding."

"A generous gesture."

"They're honest and hard-working. Mama was pleased to do it." She smiled at me. "It is good to see you, Eldan, I am so pleased you came."

"I too, Suala. I have been looking forward to this."

"Myself, also, Eldan." She smiled fleetingly. "It seems ages since I sent the invitation. I almost had second thoughts."

"Why so?" I asked, curious.

"I think I'm a little scared of you."

"Oh surely not scared, Suala, it's only me, Eldan. We've known each other for years!"

"You've changed since your Initiation. You seem a lot more mature than some of the other boys. All they can do is say how good it was and make suggestive remarks to the girls. You've never said anything."

"What should I say? I'll tell you all about it, if you like." Devious wretch, I thought to myself. Tell the poor girl about having another woman - will it excite her or repel her? You'll soon know.

"Tell me after lunch. Mama is looking forward to seeing you. We can go for a walk around the island later. I'll show you the sights. Both of them! The island is beautiful, but not exciting."

"Whereas you are both, Suala."

She flushed scarlet and ducked her head. "You jest, Eldan."

"I tease, Suala, there is no offence or jest intended. I meant only to compliment you."

"You did not offend me Eldan. I find the compliment pleasing." 

I wondered at this girl. Was it truly the same Suala who had given me an unmistakably sexually slanted invitation at my post-Initiation party? She spoke again. "This way, Eldan." She led off up the path, towards a cool and inviting house set in what seemed to be a superb position on the hillside above us. I picked up my bag and followed her slim, trim figure, admiring the play of her buttocks through the thin material of her gown as she led me up the pathway toward the house.

We did not speak on the climb, but it was a comfortable silence and I paused once or twice to admire the view. At one of those pauses I noticed that Suala had stopped and was watching me, but she smiled and did not speak, turning to the climb again. We soon reached the house and were met by Suala's mother, Elna. 

"Eldan, welcome. Suala will show you to your room, won't you my dear? Lunch is cold, so come back when you are ready to eat. Suala and I will wait for you, but do not rush on our account."

"Thank you, Lady Elna."

"Come with me, Eldan," said Suala and led me into the cool shade of the house. The room she showed me to was set on a wing of the house, overlooking the bay below. The view was beautiful and I remarked on it to Suala.

"It is beautiful, isn't it. I like to look at it from my room, too. I'm just next door. Mother prefers to sleep at the back, so that she gets the morning sun. She gets up early for a swim." Suala laughed. "Mama is very fit for her age. She can outswim me any time she likes. Do you swim, Eldan?"

"Quite often. At the citizens' training centre they have made a pool from a dammed off section of the river. I swim there, or in the sea."

"Of course, you live on the coast. I'm glad you came," she said impetuously. "I really wanted you to."

"I'm glad too, Suala." I caught her hand and raised it to my lips. She flushed and bit her lip. "Is there something wrong?" I asked, concerned suddenly.

She smiled and shook her head. "No, of course not. I'll leave you to change. Wear something light, for it gets hot in the afternoon and I would like to show you around the island. There's only the three of us here. My father was called away on business. He won't be back. Mother wants you to escort us home on lastday, if you will." She finished in a rush.

"Suala, I would be honoured."

"Thank you, Eldan. I'll see you in a moment or two. I want to change too." She left the room with a bright but somehow brittle smile, and I puzzled over the change in this girl since my Initiation party. I shrugged. There was little I could do before the boat returned on Lastday, so I must make the best of it. Still, both Suala and her mother were good-looking women, so at least the view was pleasant! I changed into a light tunic which left my arms and legs free, put on a pair of heavy walking sandals and went in search of lunch.

The meal was a quiet but relaxed affair, with Suala and her mother both making me welcome, but there was no attempt made at conversation for its own sake, a fact for which I was very grateful. When we had finished, Lady Elna said "I understand Suala is going to show you the island. I'll make a cold meal for this evening, too, so that you can come back when you are ready. If you're late, I'll just have my own. I don't like regimentation at a holiday time."

"That's very good of you, Lady Elna."

"We'll be back before dark, Mama. I promise."

"All right, my dear. I'll see you both later. Don't worry, I'll do the dishes!" She paused. "Suala, please tell Eldan about the Festival of Asala."

"I will, Mama."

Elna smiled and began to clear the dishes away. Suala stood and I saw that she too was wearing a short, sleeveless tunic. From the way it moved on her body I realised that it was very likely the only thing she wore. Things were looking up! She led the way out and started off up the hill.

"You'll be able to see the whole island from on top. It's a lovely view."

"Lead on, Suala, but I'm sure the view will never be able to compare with your own beauty." 

Suala stopped and glared at me. "You're mocking me! Please, Eldan, don't do that."

I caught her hand as she would have turned away, and made her look at me.

"Suala, I never joke about a woman's beauty. You are beautiful, so recognise the fact and live with it!"

She looked at me intently. "You really mean that, don't you?"

"I do."

She smiled, a warm, suddenly totally genuine smile. "Thank you, Eldan. Oh! I am glad you came!" She took my hand impulsively and led me on up the path. The view when we reached the top was as good as I had been promised. The whole island was revealed to us. Basically oval, with a lagoon on the shore on that side of the island away from the house which was almost cut off from the sea. The colour suggested it was shallow. I pointed to it.

"Is that safe for bathing, Suala?"

"Yes. I often go for a swim there. It's wonderful when there's no-one else around, especially by moonlight. It's only a few minutes walk from the house, along the shore. It would take us an hour from here."

"Come on, then. Let's go down and have a swim." I grinned. "I want to see you unclad."

"Eldan, I couldn't. Not yet!" She had flushed a deep red.

"When, then?" I teased.

She gazed at me, solemn. "Tomorrow, definitely, this evening, probably. Remember, Mama asked me to tell you about the Festival of Asala?"

"Yes? What about it?"

"It's tomorrow, the first full moon after the summer solstice."

"So it is. And?"

"Among the Hinazi - and that's who we are, Eldan, Hinazi - among the Hinazi, the Festival is celebrated in the traditional way. Sometimes, on the evening of the Festival, but all through the day itself, in our homes and in Her temples, we go naked, bringing nothing save ourselves to Her."

"And outside?"

"Sometimes. Where it's private."

"I see." I smiled. "Very well, Suala. I contain myself in patience, but let's go down and have a closer look at the lagoon anyway." I took her hand and led off down the hillside. She shook her head and held me back.

"Not that way," she said, resigned. "The stream goes down to waterfalls and there is no way past. We must go this way." She led me off on a faint path which led off at apparently the totally wrong direction, but after fifteen minutes or so it turned and twisted through some rocks and came out on a grassy slope which led us down slowly but surely towards the trees which grew from about halfway down the hill, almost to the water's edge. Suala was right, it took us over an hour to get to the lagoon and we were both warm when we reached it. I took her hands.

"Do you want to swim, or not?"

"Eldan, it would mean swimming naked." She flushed and spoke so quietly I could scarcely hear her. "I want you to see me, but I'm scared."

"Of what, Suala. Of me, or yourself?"

"Eldan, promise me. Don't look until I'm in the water."

"No, Suala, I will not make that promise. I want to look at you." She looked at me, gazing into my eyes as if trying to decide something.

"Eldan, when I asked you to come here did you think I had a particular motive?" she asked quietly, a spot of colour high on her cheeks. I answered her with a question of my own.

"Do you remember my Initiation party, when you were leaving? You gave me a tentative invitation then that I could only interpret as having sexual connotations. I tried to analyse your words, but that was the only conclusion that I could come to. Was I wrong?" She flushed again and shook her head mutely.

"I'd had a little too much wine, even watered it's too strong for me, but you're right. When I made that invitation I wanted you. I still want you, but I don't know whether you want me." Her face was red.

I took her chin in my hand and let my lips come closer and closer to hers, giving her a chance to dodge away. Her eyes were enormous but she didn't turn away. Her lips were warm and trembling, hesitant at first then suddenly softening and moulding themselves to mine, her mouth opening at the gentle pressure of my tongue and her own tongue playing with mine. The kiss was long and warm, but I held back as I didn't want to scare her. She smiled at me when the kiss ended.

"I wanted you to do that so much!"

"I'm glad. Yes, Suala, I want you." There was sudden alarm in her eyes and I shook my head gently. "Only when you are ready, Suala, I will not force you. There is a lady of my acquaintance who would kill me if she ever found out I had tried to force another woman." 

There was sudden curiosity in her eyes. "Is it anyone I know?" she asked.

I put my finger to her lips. "I'm not saying, but I will say this. The priestess at my Initiation encouraged me to always think of a woman as a lady, even if she were the lowest beggar. I try to do that. There is no way I could ever think of you as anything but the lady you are, even if you were trying to take me here and now."

Suala smiled, but said nothing. The anxiety had gone from her eyes. She looked down shyly. "Shall we swim, Eldan?" 

I nodded. "Indeed, Suala, let us swim. Shall I turn my back?"

She shook her head and flushed. "I'm just shy of you." She began to unfasten the ties of her tunic, before opening it and revealing to me the slender glory it had concealed. Her figure was slighter than Hana's, not so ripe, the breasts high and firm, shapely, unused, the nipples dormant, surrounded by pink areola, the waist slim, the pubic hair fine and blond as the hair on her head. She held herself proudly.

"Do I please you, Eldan?" she asked quietly.

"You delight me," I answered quietly and sincerely. She smiled happily, the dimples in her cheeks deepening.

"Now it is your turn! Take off your clothes!" I smiled and began to remove my own tunic. My cock had hardened slightly at sight of her beauty and was half erect when it was revealed to her. She gasped and her hands went to her mouth.

"Eldan, it's beautiful! Can I touch it?"

"Careful, Suala! Do you want to take the chance?" I teased. She laughed and put her hands behind her back

"Later! Let's swim!" She turned and ran lightly into the water, launching herself into a dive. I raced after her and swam hard in her wake. She was a powerful swimmer for such a lightly built girl and I was hard pushed to keep up, let alone overtake her. She slowed and turned, treading water.

"Oh, it's so good to be alive, here with you, the sun is shining, there is so much to look forward to!"

"It is indeed, Suala. Come on, I'll race you to the shore!" I lost. We had a fun hour or so in the lagoon, then came ashore hand-in-hand, moving towards our discarded clothes. I stopped and took her in my arms, our lips meeting again in a kiss which took us both and left us breathing hard. I moved my hand to Suala's breast, letting my thumb stroke across the nipple. She shuddered and pressed closer to me, then abruptly broke the embrace and stepped away from me, breathing hard.

"Not here, Eldan, not yet. Please!"

I held up my hands in acquiescence. "I told you, Suala, I would not force you. The time will be of your own choosing."

"Then that will be tonight, in my own bed. If the Goddess wills it."

"So be it! Shall we go back now?" I asked.

She nodded, but stopped me when I went to don my tunic. "No, just carry your tunic for the present. Let the sun and air dry us." Suala laughed and bent to pick up her own sandals and tunic. She set off along the beach, humming a happy little tune. I picked up my own things and followed her, delighting in the sway of her bottom as she walked, the muscles firm and smooth. Delighting too in the feel of the warm air on my nakedness. She stopped and waited for me, taking my hand as I caught her, turning again along the beach.

"You were going to show me the sights of the island, weren't you?"

"I did! The lagoon and me!"

I laughed happily. "Indeed! Are there no other sights, then?"

Her smile vanished. "There may be, I don't know yet. It depends on other things. Mama must decide. No," she held up her hand in denial, "I cannot tell you yet. Mama must." I could get no more out of her, save a promise that the evening would reveal all.

The walk back to the house was accomplished in silence, slightly strained, but when we came in sight of the house and I took her in my arms to kiss her, her naked breasts against my chest, her response was warm. Her breathing was quick when we broke the kiss. She smiled at me, quizzically, a flush in her cheeks.

"Eldan, would you grant me a favour?"

"You have only to ask."

"Don't dress. I want Mama to see you."

I was astounded, but fought to conceal my astonishment. "May I ask why?"

"I'd rather not say at the moment, but I think you'll be glad!"

"If that is your wish. Are you going to dress now?"

"Not if you don't."

"Very well, Suala, let us confront your mother as nature intended!"

"We often leave our clothes off if there is no-one here. It is so liberating. Mama hoped you would be prepared to do the same. I wanted you to as well, but I told you, I was scared of you. I'm not scared now, I want you. Later!"

"Does this mean that I get to see your mother without her clothes, too?"

"Yes. Do you mind?"

"No, not at all. I'm rather looking forward to it!" Suala laughed and took my hand, leading me out of the trees towards the house. Lady Elna was on the terrace and spotted us as soon as we stepped from the trees, shading her eyes from the sun in order to see us better. She paused for a long moment, as if in order to be certain of what she was seeing, then turned and disappeared into the house. When we reached the house, she came out to greet us. As Suala had suggested, she was naked. Her figure was not as youthful as her daughter's, obviously, but she was lithe and attractive, a desirable woman secure in the knowledge that she need not be ashamed of her body.

"You honour us, Eldan."

I bowed low to her, a gesture which she greeted with a pleased smile. "On the contrary, Lady Elna, you honour me, with your trust and your hospitality."

"I am assured of your discretion by a mutual friend, the Lady Hana."

"Of course, you know Hana," I remarked. "She told me you were friends."

"Indeed, yes. We dine together at least once in a sevenday when I am not on the island."
