 Location: Ramez, Duchy of Atansha, Kingdom of Tildor

Date: Feb 2048

Note: For those interested, this story takes place the morning after "Down on the Mat."

===============

Charlotte Ann Starshine Moramorian, Lord Marshal of Ramez, was naked and astride her husband. Royce Moramorian, Duke of Atansha, was tall, dark-brown haired with dark brown eyes, very handsome, and as naked, stretched out on their king-size four poster. Her husband had the ability to regenerate. If wounded, his injury healed in hours instead of days or weeks. It also meant he could stay hard and come repeatedly. Useful for a man with two wives.

At the moment, she rocked on his hips, her pussy stretched tight by his hard cock. Royce bucked underneath her, filling her pussy, over and over. He had come so much, he had filled their bedroom, and when she looked around, they were now floating in a sea of his sperm. Concentration on his face, he reached up and tweaked her nipples, and her pussy twinged. Her entire lower belly, from her womb outward had a sense of fullness. Growing fuller. Royce had a nice cock, fat and long, and when he was really pounding into her, she sometimes thought he would split her in half. Looking down at her crotch, she saw he was indeed, fully buried inside, and more sperm gushed out from her stretched nether lips, adding to the growing lake of thick sperm around them.

Royce grunted again. She could feel him squirting inside her belly again. Nearby, Susan emerged naked from the sluggish, white liquid, thick strands of semen coating her hair and dripping from her face. "Do you think there's enough here to make a baby?" Susan asked.

Charlotte Ann felt him still squirting inside her.

The pressure increased.

Before she knew it, their bed floated in the room, then rose even higher. Waves of semen rolled around them. Susan floated away, singing.

Charlotte Ann leaned down. "Royce, I think we'd better stop."

Royce groaned again. She felt his cock continuing to pulsate. More fluid gushed from her soaked pussy. The pressure was getting intolerable.

Then her head bounced on the ceiling. She felt so full.

"Royce! Stop! I mean it! Stop or you'll make me pee everywhere!"

What? What was that supposed to mean?!

Charlotte Ann suddenly sat up in bed, breathing hard, looking around. She blinked and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. A dream?!

Across their large room, in front of the fireplace with its blazing fire, Royce sat in his chair, dressed only in a shirt. His attention was on her sister. On the thick rug, kneeling in front of him, her nightgown around her hips, Susan's blonde head bobbed on Royce's cock. Royce gave another long groan.

Her bladder would scream if it could. She'd had five glasses of apple beer the night before and it all wanted out. Now!

Charlotte Ann quickly climbed out of their huge four-poster bed. No time to even look for something to throw on. Delay would very well mean a very big accident in their bed. She dashed across the thick carpet, then to the cold basalt stone by the bathroom door. Throwing open the door, she scooted inside.

Only to find the bathroom doorway leading to the outside hallway was wide open. Down the hall several people moved about, and inside the hot tub were two women scrubbing at the tiles. When the bedroom door opened, they looked up and got a full view of her one hundred and sixty five centimeter body, lean and muscular frame, shoulder-length dark, curly hair -- disheveled from her sleep, and the matching colored thick bush between her legs. Even at twenty eight, her breasts were still firm and pert.

"Orc puke." She danced from foot to foot, debating about the open door. If she waited any longer, the point would be moot.

Charlotte Ann dashed to the toilet and squatted down. With audible sigh of relief, she let her bladder go, and her strong stream could be heard in the quiet of the bathroom.

"Don't mind me," she said to the women. "But would one of you please close the outside door?"

One climbed out of the tub and did as she was bid. Then the two women went back to work.

Charlotte Ann closed her eyes as the pressure eased. It felt so good to pee! And what a strange dream! she thought.

Then she began to remember the night before.

Royce, her husband, had told her he was in love with her, and she realized she loved him back. Then she learned he had been wearing a magical birth control ring and she hadn't known about it. Susan had demanded it from him, and he gave it to her. Then Susan informed them both she had cast a fertility spell on herself, then made love with him in front of her. What had possessed her to ask Susan to enspell her, too? She hoped it wasn't jealousy or some other stupid emotion. That was not a good reason to have a baby! And what was she thinking? She was Lord Marshal of Atansha, a warrior! She rode with their soldiers to protect their people and the duchy. You do not take babies on patrol. They could get killed!

She remembered Susan's words, and that Royce had ridden her last night for what seemed like forever. Held in his arms, her legs over his shoulders, he had driven in and out of her, plundering her sex. Susan had said the spell might intensify orgasms, and yes, she recalled she had had several and they really had been body shakers. Susan had also warned her that she would want him. Charlotte Ann smiled to herself. Okay. How bad could that be? The idea of Royce sliding inside her felt like an excellent notion. Then she frowned. I never have sex in the morning, especially just after waking up! Susan does that, but I don't. Do I? she thought.

Then she realized she could hear faint moans coming from the open bedroom door. A man's voice. Since she was naked but in the bathroom, obviously it must be Susan pleasuring her husband, the duke. It was one thing to know that people were married and slept together. It was another thing entirely for them to hear that intimate relationship being expressed. She saw the two women grinning as they scrubbed, glancing to the open door. Charlotte Ann felt her face flush with embarrassment.

Her bladder finally empty, she went to the sink. Grabbing a fresh washcloth, she quickly washed her hands and her crotch. Dropping the washcloth down the laundry chute, she hurried back to the bedroom, closing it behind her.

Charlotte Ann was the elder sister, but when they both had agreed to marry Royce, Charlotte Ann had insisted that Susan marry him first, thus becoming First Wife. A First Wife had many rights. Her children could have primacy for inheritance, she had the say whether Royce could marry any other women, and could demand he frequent her bed more often than any other wife. Charlotte Ann didn't care about that. What she did care about was that the First Wife was also responsible for running the household, overseeing the staff, and dealing with all the thousands of details of not just running their family's home, but the home of the Duke of Atansha. Charlotte Ann hated paperwork, probably more than Royce did.

She looked over by the fireplace, where Susan and Royce were. Where Charlotte Ann had dark, curly hair to her shoulders, Susan's light blonde hair was straight as an arrow and hung to her bottom. Usually it was held by a simple hair tie or a headband. This morning -- if morning it still was -- it hung loose, obscuring Susan's face, and the ends pooled around her on the floor. Susan was still sucking his cock.

Royce's hands were in Susan's hair, holding her head as he grunted, his head rolled back. Susan's mouth was loudly slurping his cock, obviously drinking down his sperm. Then she lifted her head, stroking his cock with her hand, aiming his shooting semen at her breasts. "Oh, that's it, Royce. Cover me with your hot come. Show me I'm your woman. Shoot it on me! Yes!" Susan leaned close, moving her breasts over his jerking cock.

Charlotte Ann was shocked. Did she really think like that? She walked over to them, looking at Susan. Semen dribbled from her mouth, and pearl white drops sprinkled over her erect tits. Charlotte Ann felt herself loosen, growing moist, but her sister's words still rankled.

Susan rubbed the semen across her breasts, a huge smile on her face.

"Show me I'm your woman? What does that mean, Susan? Male animals piss to mark territory. You're his wife, not his property!"

"I know that!" Susan flashed her a look of irritation, then refocused on stroking him. "I'm not his property, but I am his woman, just as you are. Royce is male." Susan licked the head of his cock, then grinned. "Definitely all male! And I got him to come from my mouth and my hands. When a man orgasms, he shoots his seed. It's also a pretty good indicator he's had a good time. I love my husband, and I like knowing that I gave him pleasure. Even if I'm not in the mood for coupling, I will suck his cock. I like knowing my mouth can make him just a little helpless, and make him feel good. His coming on my breasts felt kind of slutty and wanton." Susan licked the bit of semen by her mouth, then leaned down and cleaned off Royce's now drooping cock.

Mollified, Charlotte Ann nodded. Then she asked, "I thought you were trying to have a baby. Isn't that wasting his seed?"

Susan grinned. "Oh, that. Well, Royce was nice enough to eat me out for almost an hour. Then, for another hour he pumped me full, coming four times. I was getting sore, but I still wanted him. This was to thank him for being so considerate. I went through two towels." She lifted a bit off the floor, frowning. "I think this one is stuck to my pussy." She carefully reached under her center, concentrating, gritting her teeth. "Yes, that was awkward. " A sigh of relief. "What about you, Sleepyhead? You are usually up with the dawn, but it's past ten bells already. You must have been pretty tired."

Ten bells? Charlotte Ann couldn't ever remember sleeping so late! "I guess so."

Royce leaned forward, pulling Susan up and drawing her into a long, slow kiss. "Thank you, Sweet Wife, for that wonderful treat. I enjoyed our morning together."

Susan sighed. "It was my pleasure, too. I love you, Royce."

Charlotte Ann looked away from their kiss. "Last night you said I had to stick around today. Does that mean I stay here all day?" She found herself staring at Royce's drooping cock, wishing it were hard, so she could climb in his lap and slowly stuff it up her pussy. She blinked. She enjoyed making love to him, but she rarely had such a solid case of lust. Besides, it was morning! She never wanted sex when she first woke up! Was that fertility spell doing this to her? If it was, it nonetheless left her with an empty ache between her legs. Her cleft felt looser, damper.

Royce shifted in his chair, smiling at Charlotte Ann. "What would you rather do, my dear?" She was so rarely home during the day, and he enjoyed looking at her naked charms.

"If I'm not on patrol, I work out a couple hours. Then, it depends. Inspections. Training. Reports. Drills. Dealing with the unexpected. Maybe a city patrol to see how things are going."

Or, she thought, he could just lay me down on the carpet and he could give it to me right there. Just pump and fill me with nice, hot man-cream. She frowned, surprised again. What was that? Man- cream? Charlotte Ann took a long, slow breath. Just a little, sprayed against her womb would feel really nice.

Susan put her hand on her shoulder, and she jumped. Susan had retied her robe, the silk panels draped about her, gathered by a belt at her waist. Charlotte Ann whirled, almost knocking the plate of food from her hands.

"Are you okay?" Susan asked, concerned. "You should eat something. Since you are planning on physical activity, make sure you eat some protein. And I mean real food, Sister, not Royce's semen."

Royce coughed politely to hide his laugh.

Charlotte Ann shook her head. "I-I'm not hungry. Not for food." She turned to her husband. Desire for him flowed through her like molten lava, and the place that burned the most was her pussy. "I've never felt like this before. Royce, I-I ... Royce, I want you. No, that's not true. I need you. Please, make love to me."

Her hand moved between her legs, fingers rubbing her clit as she stared at his limp cock. With joy, she saw it twitch, then begin to firm, the organ filling once again with blood. Slowly she went to her knees, crawling over to him. Her hand reached out, caressing his shaft.

"Please, Royce. You have such a nice, beautiful cock. So hard. So firm. It stretches me so nicely. I need what you have. Will you give it to me? Please say you will." Charlotte Ann put her face into his lap, licking his firming erection. "It's so wonderful. Thick and long, it reaches so far inside me. Mmmmmmm. MmmmmmMMMM. Ohhhh." She rubbed her face on his cock, her eyes heavy-lidded with lust. "Please, Royce, give it to me. It's so nice. Put it inside me, will you?"

Standing back up, she turned around and bent over, her legs apart and her head between her knees. Her hands went back and pulled, opening her wet pussy to his view. Charlotte Ann looked at him over her shoulder. He was hard, but he sat in the chair, staring at her.

"See how wet I am for you?" she asked. "I love you, Royce. I do. Give me your love. Fill my hole. It aches for you. Please, Royce, please?" Her fingers worked in and out of her pussy, spreading her juices around.

Royce stood up and walked to her, then to her side. Before she could turn, he reached over her. She squeaked as he grabbed her, rolled her and lifted. Cradled in his arms.

"Susan?" he said. "Would you be kind enough to put a towel on the bed for her?"

Susan sat down her plate. Collecting a fresh towel from the table by the door, she laid it out on the middle of the bed.

Charlotte Ann looked at him. "You didn't enter me. I wanted you to, but you didn't enter me. Don't you love me, Royce? Don't you want me?"

"Of course I love you, Charlotte Ann! I want you a lot. I want to make love to you, not just mount you. Kiss me."

He leaned down and she took his face into her hands, eagerly kissing him. She opened her mouth and her tongue probed his mouth.

Gently, he laid her down onto the bed, placing her hips squarely on the towel. Then he lay next to her, pulling her into his embrace. His lips kissed her eyes, cheek, and chin, his tongue tracing a line along her neck and then to her jaw.

Her hand moved to his cock. She tried to push her leg under him. "Please, Royce. I'm so ready. My pussy is soaked. And so empty. I ache for you, my husband. Show me you love me. Enter me. Let me feel you hard inside me. Please?"

Susan sat down on the loveseat, eating slowly. Her own pussy was still too sore, but she thought it might be fun to watch them. It could be fun, too, the both of them sharing their first pregnancy together. Though, Charlotte Ann begging for penetration was new. Atypical even. She chalked it up to the fertility spell.

His hand moved down, squeezing Charlotte Ann's breast. His mouth moved down; licking and nipping.

"Royce, I love you. Please? I don't need that, honey. I'm so ready now. You're so hard, so big and hard. I'm so wet. Please, Royce? Take me? I want you. I want you inside me so bad."

With a sigh, he moved down. Instantly her legs moved wide apart. His mouth descended onto her pussy, licking and tasting her, tracing the outline of her nether lips.

She groaned. "That's so good. But not what I want. Inside, please. Inside me. Take me, Royce. You have such a nice, hard cock, and nice, big balls full of hot come. I want what you have for me. All that nice come for my pussy. Please?"

Her hips rolled under his tongue. With her hands, she grabbed at his shoulder, urging him up. When he continued using his mouth on her pussy, she put her ankles behind her own shoulders.

Her voice became ragged, pleading. "I--I'll do anything you ask. Anything. I will. Just ask me to do what you want. I promise. Please do me, Royce. Don't make me wait anymore."

Royce lifted himself up, concerned. "I've never seen you like this before."

"I want you. I do. Come on, Royce. Into my pussy? Please, Honey?"

"You don't want me to suck your breasts? Eat your pussy? Make it last?" On his hands and knees, he moved over her. "We may be making a baby together. Don't you us want us to take our time and enjoy ourselves?"

Charlotte Ann reached down and grabbed his cock. She tried to lift her hips, aiming her open pussy at his erection. Frustrated, she began to weep. "Please, honey? In me? I want it so bad."

"All right," he said, nodding. Royce lowered his hips and guided by Charlotte Ann, easily slid into her engorged pussy. She groaned as he joined his body to hers. He shifted, and his balls rested on her butt.

Once he was inside, she wriggled and humped, trying to ride his shaft. Royce searched her face, but her focus was on their union. Then she looked up at him, tears running from her eyes. "Don't tease me, Royce. Don't tease. I need you." Charlotte Ann tried to lower her legs past his arms so she could use her legs to ride him, but he didn't let her move them.

"You just want me to fill your pussy with sperm?"

"Yes! Yes, Royce. Fuck me! Breed me! Fuck me! Make my belly fat. Oh, please, oh, please."

He lifted up, angling himself, then began rapidly thrusting into her center.

She stiffened almost right away. "Ohhhhhh. Yes. Ohhhhhhhh. Ohhh! Ohhhhhh. Ahhhh. That's .... that's .... ohhhhhh. Huhhhhhh. Ohhhhh. So.... yes, so.... " She arched, huffing, sobbing. She exploded around his hard member as he drilled her sopping cavity. "Come. Come. Coming. Coming for you, for me. Ohhhhhh. Huuuhhhhhh. Oh, ohhhhhh, yes!"

"I love you, my dark beauty. Feel me. Inside you. Feel me good. I've got you and I'm giving it to you." His hard cock was driving into her, parting her, hips slapping against hers.

Her body shook, her breath gasping and sobbing. "Come ... come ... come. Give me your come... I need it."

Royce worked it harder, grinding himself against her pubic bone. Then it was his turn. He slammed hard, shoving, pinning her. Deep inside her inflamed pussy, his cock jerked and spat hot semen, over and over. Six bolts of thick come, seven, eight, nine. Charlotte Ann jumped with the first, then grabbed his butt, grinding back against him. She continued to shudder and shake, grunting, moaning.

As soon as he was done unloading into her, Royce started thrusting again. For the next hour, he worked his cock in and out of her. Three more times he ejaculated, shooting his cream deep inside, hosing her womb. Their crotches were soaked and sticky. Her eyes were closed, her breathing ragged and rough. Each thrust brought a spasm as her pussy throbbed around his cock, a faint whimper from her open mouth.

Royce had given her what she asked for. Even with all the semen he'd sprayed into her, she was beginning to get dry. He slowed down. Shifting, he tried to pull out, but the grip of her hands just tightened, holding him in place. He gave her a kiss, but she didn't respond. Charlotte Ann appeared to have passed out. Or entered some fugue state.

Royce turned his head, scanning the room. "Susan?"

"Beloved?" Dozing by the fire, she came awake at his call. She got up and went to the bed.

"Please check her? And I want you to end the spell on her. Whatever it is supposed to do, it's not working correctly. I don't like what it's done to her. She's not in her right mind, and that makes this wrong."

Susan sighed. "It does seem to have affected her quite strongly. You should probably pull out."

"I've tried that. Her nails just dig harder into my butt."

Susan glanced to his rear end. Charlotte Ann had drawn a bit of blood from him.

"So I see." Drawing out her holy symbol, she uttered a quick prayer and an invocation. "Sa lemsa pacem. Ahten kemsa hesh."
