 I suppose it all began with a daydream. Mandy was new to our office and had been given the desk next to mine. I always found it difficult to talk to girls, and even more difficult to talk to pretty girls. Just passing the time of day with Mandy was nigh on impossible, she was that beautiful. Anyway; the daydream. I was stood here waiting for the tube when I had it, my mind wandering to Mandy. We had actually exchanged more than automatic greetings that day, she had asked me for some help regarding a piece of paperwork. Although it was just work talk it was an improvement on 'good morning' and I relished the chance of a conversation with her, even if I couldn't say what I wanted to say. That was what the daydream was really about; it had made me think. There was nothing sexual involved, such as what she looked like naked, that one I usually saved until I was at home. It was simply musing about asking her out for a drink, something I knew I'd never be able to do.

I smiled to myself and opened my eyes.

"Hello Dave. I don't remember seeing you smile like that before." It was Mandy, standing next to me on the tube platform with a wry grin on her face.

"M...M...Mandy. W...What are you d...doing here?" I managed to say.

Her grin widened into a smile.

"Catching the tube silly, what else do you do at a tube station?"

I went a bright red.

"S...sorry. S...stupid question." I was really flustered now.

"Are you always so suave around women?" Mandy laughed, taking pity on my woeful attempts at conversation. I was about to try and make a witty retort when I dropped my briefcase that I had been nervously fiddling with. As I quickly bent to retrieve it so did Mandy. Our heads met with a thud.

"Ow! That hurt." I said, looking back up and seeing......my own face wearing a puzzled expression!

"What the hell just happened?" The other me said.

Only one thing occurred to me.

"Mandy? Is that you in my body?"

"I think so."

"Then that must mean..."

"You are in mine. This is surreal, it can't be happening."

"But it is. What can we do?"

There was a pause, then the Mandy-me suggested.

"We could try banging our heads together again."

"Worth a shot I suppose. When you're ready?"

Mandy nodded my head. We pressed our foreheads against one another, pulled back a little and then smacked into each other.

"Oww!" 

"Damn!"

We looked at each other.

"Didn't work did it?" I said.

"No. Try again, but harder?"

"Okay."

SMACK!

"Good grief that hurt." She said. "Anything?"

"Well, I've got a splitting headache now, but other than that..." I shrugged.

"No point in me asking for a date now then." Mandy grinned. Briefly I wondered if I looked like that when I used that face to grin.

"That's a very boyish thing to say." I accused instead.

"Well, I am a boy at the moment." She laughed.

"Well, I wouldn't say something like that to a pretty girl." I muttered, forgetting that I was the pretty girl just now. Then suddenly the same thought appeared to occur to both of us. "You'll see my..." I said, my eyes closing.

"And you'll see..." Mandy said, her hand going to her/my mouth.

"I think we'd better stay together. Who lives closest, me or you?" 

"Fifth stop down the line." Mandy said.

"Mine is the sixth. So we'll get off for your place and then have another think. How does that sound?"

"First sensible suggestion I've heard from MY mouth." Mandy smiled. I was sure she was making better use of my face than I ever did.

The tube train arrived, giving me a surprise when a blast of air lifted my/Mandy's skirt. Luckily I had my hands down already. Mandy silently nodded her thanks. She led me onto the train, grasping my hand amidst the crush of people. We couldn't afford to lose each other, both having the keys to one flat and the knowledge of the other flats location.

We must have looked like a pair of apprehensive lovers, the way we clung to each others hand as we left the station. Mandy said her flat was only a short distance away, but even that brief walk was giving me problems.

"How do you manage walk in these high-heels?"

"Those? Those aren't high." She smiled. "It's just practice. Relax, that body knows what it's doing. Try taking shorter steps."

Grumpily I did as she suggested. It was a little easier.

"This skirt keeps blowing open."

"That's the long strides you still keep taking."

"And these tights..."

"Are you going to criticise my entire outfit?"

"Sorry." I said shamefacedly. "I'm just not used to girl's clothes."

"Do you think it's any easier for me?"

"Well, you have probably worn jeans or slacks at some point."

"But not boxers."

"How did you know about them?"

"I peeked." She grinned.

"MANDY!"

"Oh come on, face up to it. Sometime soon we are both going to have to get undressed and then we'll see...well, everything."

I sighed.

"I suppose I knew that, but I didn't want to think about it. It's embarrassing."

"Why? Got yesterdays boxers on?"

"NO!! And why are you teasing me so much?"

"Must be because I'm the boy." She gave me another one of those grins that I wanted to try when I got my body back. "Anyway, here we are." She indicated a front door. Inside was a flight of stairs up to another front door. 

It was not a huge flat, but it was a reasonable size, certainly larger than mine.

"Nice." I said. "Do you think it would be big enough for the two of us, at least in the short term?"

"Why?" She asked suspiciously.

"Because I get the feeling that we both want to keep an eye on what the other is up too with our bodies."

"Sounds sensible enough I suppose." She said.

"Plus, I don't know about you, but I'm definitely going to need some help."

"With what?"

"Girl things. Make-up for a start; your body can't go to work looking like some clown is trying out a new face. Same with your clothes; I don't know what goes with what. And how do you put a bra on? I've taken one or two off, but..."

"I see what you mean. How do you go to the lavatory standing up?"

"Well, it's not actually compulsory." I smiled. "Just quicker and easier."

"Oh!" She went red.

"Are we agreed then? We base ourselves here and help each other as best we can? Hopefully we can switch back somehow, but until then we try not to mess up each others life?"

"Yes. That seems to be a plan, for now."

"Then we'll need to pop down to my place to get you enough clothes until the weekend at least."

"Good idea." She wandered off into the kitchen. "I'm hungry. Do you want a sandwich?"

"I wouldn't mind. What I'd like most is to get out of these damn shoes and tights and this skirt."

"There's a pair of jeans on the chair in the bedroom." She called out. "Some socks in the top drawer, and trainers in the bottom of the wardrobe."

"Thanks." I said, slipping off the shoes before I went into the bedroom. Here I was confronted by a world I'd barely glimpsed; a woman's boudoir. I took off the skirt and folded it up; it seemed the right thing to do. The tights followed, but other than untangling them I couldn't work out what to do with them. The other clothes were exactly where Mandy had said. I put them on, thankful for her tidy mind, trying to remember if my flat was anywhere near presentable. In comparison to here, it probably wasn't, I decided. I picked up the tights and walked back out of the bedroom. "Where should I put these?" I asked Mandy, who was carrying a plate with some sandwiches on. 

"Did you ladder them?"

"Err, I don't think so. I didn't check."

"Drop them in the laundry basket for now. I'll have a proper look later. Have a sandwich." She offered them to me. I took one, taking a big bite out of it. Mandy nibbled more daintily at hers. I looked at the two of us and couldn't help smiling at the way we were doing everything back to front. "What are you grinning at?" She asked.

"Just the way we're eating. You taking little bites and me huge ones. The wrong way round for the bodies we have."

She stopped for a moment, looking at the sandwich in her hand. 

"Old habits I suppose." She shrugged.

We finished our snack and prepared for the visit to my flat.

"How are we getting there?" Mandy asked.

"I'm not sure which way would be quickest. My place is a bus ride away from the tube station. Perhaps we could get a taxi?"

"Might be expensive." She cautioned. "The tube and bus might be better."

"Why not? It'll give me a bit more practice walking like a girl at any rate."

"Short strides, remember?"

"I'll try, I promise. Come on then, before I change my mind."

My flat wasn't in quite the state I thought, but it still looked messy compared to Mandy's. I went and found my suitcase and threw some clothes into it.

"Fold them properly!" Mandy snapped. "I've got to wear those."

"Sorry." I apologised. 

"What else do we need from here?"

"I could use my laptop. And we need my shaver and toothbrush."

"And some clean boxers." Mandy grinned. "Why the shaver? I've got a razor for my legs and under my arms."

"Those are specifically for those areas. I don't think you can shave my face with your leg razor."

"I could have you grow a beard."

"I had a beard, but it grows straggly. Clean shaven looks better."

"You know best." She shrugged.

"Not always, but in this case I think so." I smirked. "Anyway, if I'm going to have to shave your legs, you can at least shave my face."

"Good point." She giggled. "Got everything?"

"There might be some stuff in the fridge we can use. It's better than letting it go off anyway."

"I'll find a carrier."

We walked back to the bus stop. Mandy had the case; I had the laptop and the carrier.

"You're getting the hang of swinging your hips." Mandy said.

"I'm not overdoing it am I? I wouldn't want to ruin your image any more than being seen with me will do."

"What do you mean?"

"Come on Mandy. Everyone at work knows I'm a hopeless dork when it comes to women."

"Maybe the guys think that, but from what I've heard from the other girls, most of them think you're cute."

"They do? You mean all I had to do was ask them out?"

"Well, I can't say for certain, but most of them seem to be prepared to go out on a date with you."

"You?"

"Maybe, if you'd asked." She smiled. 

"Bugger!" I swore at my own stupidity.

Mandy laughed.

"Why so down on yourself?"

"Low self-esteem mainly. Bad experiences at school, lack of self confidence. Take your pick."

"You know people are going to wonder why we're sticking so close together. We'll have to give them a reason."

"Like?"

"Like we're dating."

"I told you, no-one will believe that. There's no way that Dave would be able to get Mandy to date him." I said flatly.

"Rubbish. It's what I'm telling everyone anyway."

"I can try I suppose."

"I told you, some of the girls will actually be jealous of me. Or you as it stands."

"The guys won't believe you."

"Then we'll have to convince them."

"How?"

"Good grief, how do you think? You be nice to me and I'll be nice to you. What did you think I meant? Make out in the canteen?"

"An interesting thought." I waggled my/her eyebrows. She burst out laughing.

Back at Mandy's flat we prepared a meal and then sat down to discuss a few things.

"Do you exercise much?" I asked.

"Not really, a three mile jog every morning before I shower is all." My eyes widened. "Only kidding." Mandy laughed. "Just a few stretches now and then."

"But you are a morning shower person, same as me?"

"Right."

"Anything else I should know?"

"Other than how to dress? I don't think so. What about you?"

"Nothing that springs to mind. Oh, watch my chin when you shave it. There's a little scar that sometimes gets caught by the blades."

"Scar on chin, careful when shaving. Got it." She yawned. "Time to turn in I think."

"Where shall I sleep?" I asked.

"The bed of course. It's that body's bed, and I'm the guy at the moment, so I'll take the couch. There's a nightdress under the pillow."

"Are you sure? We could share the bed; keep an eye on what the other is doing with our bodies."

"Why are you so worried about what I might do with your body?"

"I'm not. I'm worried about what you might think I'd do with yours."

"Idiot." She sighed. "If it'll make you feel better, we can share. But keep your hands to yourself."

"I'm hardly likely to feel up my own body Mandy."

"Good point." She giggled.

"The time has come then. Nakedness." I said nervously.

"We can't put it off forever. We have to change clothes sometime." Mandy shrugged.

We went to the bedroom. By unspoken agreement we split either side of the bed to undress. I took off Mandy's clothes, folded them neatly and then slipped on the nightie before I turned around. Mandy still had her back to me, having donned my rarely used pyjamas.

"Err, Dave, I seem to have a problem." She looked around at me. Her face, MY face was bright red.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"A certain part of your body appears to have become...aroused. I didn't do anything, I swear."

I nearly laughed out loud at her discomfort.

"Relax. It's just a natural response to being around a beautiful half-naked body."

"But it's my body, I've seen it before."

"My body doesn't recognise that. That secondary brain blokes keep in their pants just likes what it sees and reacts accordingly. With practice you can out-think it."

"But I need control now."

"Just think of something off-putting, it'll get the message."

"Like what?"

"I don't know; try the smell of new paint."

"Does that work for you?" She sounded desperate.

"Most of the time. Just sit on the edge of the bed and think of something horrible."

She perched on the edge of the bed.

"I'm so sorry." She said turning around.

"I told you, it's not your fault. Well, not directly. I always felt that way about this body when I had that body."

"You did? Always?"

"Not exactly always I suppose. But there were times when I didn't want to move away from the cover of my desk." I smiled reassuringly.

"You're not mad at me?"

"I swear." I said, crossing my heart.

"And it is controllable?"

"Within reason. I mean, you never noticed me like that before did you?"

"No. I can't say that I did."

"See? You'll find something that works. Now get into bed. We have to get up early so you can show me how to do your make-up."

"All right."

We climbed into the bed.

"Goodnight Mandy."

"Goodnight Dave."

"Dave?"

"Uh-huh."

"It's no good; I can't get your cock to behave itself."

"Don't keep thinking about it."

"My pussy is getting wet too isn't it?"

"I was trying to ignore it, but, yes. How can you tell?"

"I just can. Could...could you do something?"

"Like what?"

"Show me how to...to..."

"Jerk off?"

"Yes." 

I sighed and pushed back the sheets, revealing the rampant erection Mandy couldn't control.

"This is weird." I said as I grasped my own cock with Mandy's hand and began to wank it.

"That feels good." She breathed.

"It's making me even hornier." I said.

She sat up and looked down at me.

"We could...you know..?"

"Fuck? But we hardly know each other."

"Your body obviously likes mine, and to be honest, I kinda liked you too."

I was strangely turned on by the thought, so I sat up and shed the nightie. Mandy took off her night things too.

"Now what?" I asked.

"Lie back down: I've always wanted to try being on top."

"This brings a whole new meaning to 'go fuck yourself'." I giggled. Mandy sniggered too as she positioned herself between my legs. A sudden thought came to me. "It's not going to hurt is it? I mean, are you still a..?"

"No. It won't hurt. I'm not still a virgin. I won't be my first." She sniggered again. "But I'll be gentle anyway." She carefully positioned her cock against the moist lips of my pussy and slowly pushed in. It was such a strange feeling as I felt Mandy's body entered by my dick, but it was me who was being penetrated! Mandy began to pump in and out. As she did I couldn't help but smile. "What is it?" She panted, noticing.

"In the two weeks since I first saw you, I've thought so often about making love to you. Now it's happening and I'm in the wrong body!" We both grinned at the absurdity of it. I wrapped my legs around her, holding her closer as she plunged in and out. I could feel something happening to me and then suddenly I orgasmed. It was like nothing I'd ever felt in my own body, waves of pleasure rushing over me, drowning me. I lay back, momentarily over whelmed by these new feelings. Then a very naughty idea occurred to me.

"Mandy, wait a minute."

"What's the matter?"

"I've thought of something. Stop a minute."

"But this dick is still hard."

"It won't be, I promise. I know how to make it come hard."

"How?"

"Kneel over me, the dick between the tits."

A look of understanding came over her face.

"I've never done this."

"I've never had it done to me either." I said as I squashed my tits around Mandy's still throbbing penis. "Go on. Fuck my tits."

"MY tits!" She smiled.

"Whatever." I looked at the purple helmet of the cock as it appeared from between the milky white tits and then disappeared back into them. Fascinated I poked out my tongue as it came back through, touching the end. I tasted pre-cum on it. I bent my head forward and this time the cock head brushed my lips. Mandy smiled and thrust deeper, the cock entering my mouth. Suddenly I wanted the whole thing in there. I pulled Mandy forward, opening my mouth to take what was my cock in. That was how I was looking at it. Most men had at one time or another tried to suck their own dick and now I could. I rolled us over and began to bob my head up and down on her.

"If you take it slowly and relax, you should be able to take it all in." Mandy gasped. I did as she said, feeling her dick sliding across my tongue to the back of my throat. I nearly gagged as it went into my gullet. "Breathe through your nose." She panted. I complied and swallowed the whole thing. I pulled off slightly and then sank it into my throat again. Soon Mandy's breath was coming in quick pants and I knew she was close. I went to pull my head away but she grabbed it, holding me as she came hard into my craw. I was forced to swallow the whole lot. "Sorry." She said as she lay back exhausted.

"That's all very well. But I'm still horny." I smirked as I put my hand on her still twitching cock. "And I know this can do another round at least." I squatted above her dick, my dick, and sank myself onto it. I rode her until I came again, whereupon she rolled us back the other way and continued to fuck me. I came deliciously twice more until we both climaxed at the same time, Mandy firing the load deep into my cunt. A nasty thought struck me. "We should have used a condom."

"Don't worry, you're on the pill." She grinned tiredly.

"I am? That's a relief." I snuggled up to the already snoozing Mandy, holding her as I drifted off to sleep. 

I awoke the next morning, remembering the evening before, hoping that it had all been a dream, or if it wasn't, then things had returned to normal. I was wrong on both counts; I was still in Mandy's body. I heard the shower running and realised that Mandy had taken the plunge and decided to wash my body. I got out of the bed and padded into the kitchen to get something to eat. The cupboard was full of healthy eating. I grabbed something and ate it. Mandy came in half-dressed, carrying a shirt for today. 

"You didn't pick up any vests." She said.

"I don't own any. If I wear something under my shirt, it's a t-shirt."

"Oh! Okay then. I'll make do." She suddenly grinned. "Time for you to hit the shower now."

I looked at her uncomfortably.

"What if I touch something I shouldn't?"
