 Pete leaned back in his desk chair, letting the sounds of the office on a Wednesday afternoon bounce off his eardrums. His finger came up and loosened the tie in his collar. He unbuttoned the top button and let cool air blow down his shirt. He blinked hard and shook his head, trying to clear away the midweek doldrums. He let his eyes wander and saw her.

She was tall and buxom, with fiery red hair and eyes so green, he could see them from across the room. Her gray suit and white blouse said "lawyer", which wouldn't surprise him one bit. He let his mind wander as his eyes scanned her figure slowly. As they came back up, his gaze lingered on a valley between her breasts that would put the Grand Canyon to shame. A slight grin creased his lips as he imagined nuzzling that magnificent spread. That grin died when his eyes came up to her face.

He didn't know how long she'd watched him, but her expression said it had been long enough. His eyes and mind snapped back to his computer screen at her look of displeasure.

Lena grinned as he turned back to his work. She had seen him watching her, looking at her. His desire was plain on his face and that aroused her. She felt her nipples stiffen inside her bra. She shifted and felt them rub against the inside of the fabric. She shifted her legs and felt the moisture collecting between them.

She knew he couldn't resist more visual investigation, so she turned her body to show the automaton in the cubicle the papers she carried and bent down to talk to her. She made sure to aim her pert bottom at Pete.

His eyes wandered a bit and almost bugged out of his head. She was bent over a desk, showing something to the woman in the cubicle, displaying a perfect upside-down heart of a bottom. He stiffened a little in his pants as she shifted her legs, causing her butt to rock back and forth a couple of times.

Pete had the almost irresistible urge to touch himself. He also knew he couldn't go walking through the office to the bathroom in his present condition.

Suddenly, she straightened, turning. He brought his attention back to the screen. He didn't think she saw him.

Lena casually glanced over at Pete's cubicle and smiled. It was obvious he was turned on. The situation was perfect.

She turned and got on the first elevator, riding it up six floors. Her office was a private one, two doors off the elevator. With the door closed, she had privacy. She turned off the light in her office and activated a lamp on her desk. She stripped off her suit jacket and settled into her expensive leather executive chair.

As she started to cast her spell, she focused on Pete and started to unbutton her silk blouse. She closed her eyes and saw him, seated in his cubicle, in her mind's eye. He was stretching, his mind open and imagining. He was also aroused, which suited her desires perfectly. She focused her powers on him and started to cast in earnest.

Pete stretched in his chair, still feeling the uncomfortable hardness confined in his briefs. He closed his eyes and scratched his head, trying to will blood to flow into his extremities. He chuckled, well, not that extremity.

The sounds of the office faded from his ears. He opened his eyes on what were unfamiliar surroundings.

The room he found himself in was spacious and decorated with deep maroon wallpaper with gold inlay. He was laying back on a large, pillow-covered bed and quickly discovered that he was nude. He blinked several times before realizing that he wasn't alone.

The beautiful "lawyer" from the end of the room stood at the foot of the bed. She wore a red silk robe that hung open with a filmy white negligee underneath it. He could pick out every curve under the negligee, from the heavy curve of her breasts to the slight pooch of her belly. He looked beneath that belly to a shaven pubis. Her eyes were locked on the head of his erect penis, where a glint of fluid glistened. Her gaze came up from his crotch and she locked her eyes onto his. Meanwhile, her hands tugged off her robe.

She stepped forward and kneeled between his legs. Her soft left hand wrapped around his swollen member and she began to gently stroke it. Pete moaned deeply as she leaned forward and took the head of his erection into her wet mouth. She let her spittle drip onto him and used the added lubrication to increase the speed of her ministrations.

Pete bucked his hips a little, unable to control his motions and her smile became a wicked one. She continued to suck on his head as her hand grasped him. His eyes closed and he almost lost consciousness at the supreme pleasure radiating from her grip. He felt his penis jerk in her mouth and he flooded her with his seed. Her hand released him and her lips dropped down onto his member. He could feel the gentle suction as she swallowed his bitter fluid.

Pete's pulse slowed as he came down and he looked down at her. Her smile was back in place and she stood. Her voice was sultry and deep. "My name is Lena. And now it's my turn."

With that, she pulled the negligee off and crawled up the bed. She straddle his face and pressed her moist snatch to his mouth. Pete didn't need any instruction or encouragement in what to do next. His hands found her plump ass and gripped it while his tongue found the hood of her stiff nub and began to massage it, careful not to attack the clit right away. Her moans told him he had the right idea as his lips and teeth caressed her labia. He worked his tongue all around her vagina, teasing and fondling, sucking and nibbling, pressing his tongue into her hole, then flashing it over her distended clitoris. She began to rock her crotch against his face, and he moved his thumbs down her butt and to her dripping opening. He could feel her fluid dripping onto his chin and down onto his neck and chest. His thumbs pressed against her opening and penetrated Lena. She threw her head back as he began to thrust his thumbs into her, widening her as she milked his thumbs with her vaginal muscles.

His lips wrapped around her clit and his tongue relentlessly massaged it as she began to breathlessly moan her pleasure. Small, high-pitched noises in the back of her throat gave away evidence of her impending orgasm and a scream of pure pleasure released as it washed over her. Fluids dripped down onto him, coating his chin again as she shivered atop him.

Lena shifted her body and laid down next to Pete, kissing him hard on the mouth, her tongue probing. Her hand again found his half-hard penis and she began to fondle him, bringing him to full erection quickly. She grinned down at him as she straddled him, sinking his manhood into her depths.

Pete gasped at the feel of her exquisite sheath wrapped around him. She slowly pumped him, riding him with a magnificent slowness that let him feel every bit of her tight vagina. She leaned over him, letting one plump nipple rub across his mouth. He captured it with his lips, his tongue flicked over it and she moaned as he gently sucked. As she slid down on him, her swollen clit pressed against his pubic bone, sending shockwaves of pleasure through her. She slowly started to increase the pace as her pleasure mounted.

He grabbed Lena's hips, sinking his thumbs into her soft flesh, and began to push hard up into her. She held herself up as he took over. Her eyes closed as her pleasure increased. She knew she was close and could feel him swelling inside her. Her moans turned into gasps turned into little screams of pleasure. She came hard, feeling him do the same. Pete's hands gripped her hips tightly, holding her in place as he ejaculated into her.

Lena veritably collapsed onto him as the waves of pleasure crested and ebbed inside of her. Pete's arms encircled her, holding her tenderly. His breathing deepened and his eyes closed.

Pete's eyes jerked open. He sat up in his chair, feeling the squishiness in his underwear and grateful that he chose to wear black pants today. He looked around and realized that nobody was watching, nobody's eyes were searching him to see what was wrong. He glanced at the clock and saw that no time had passed during his ... what. Daydream? Fantasy? Vision?

He didn't know the answer. He only knew it was the most vivid dream he had ever had. He glanced around one last time and got up, trying to walk normally to the bathroom to clean himself as best he could.

Lena dried herself in her private bathroom. Pete had definitely not been a disappointment. She pulled up her panties and returned to her office. She started putting things to rights, buttoning her blouse and pulling her jacket back on.

Recharged, she checked her watch and grabbed her Dayrunner. She had a lunch date to make and she didn't want to be late. Her secretary noticed that she seemed in a much better mood now than she had all morning.