 The fires burned out by the time Dayo escaped the bushes. He stared at his camp, his home, reduced to ashes and blood. He walked across the desert sands to what remained of him and his master's tent. He had shared that tent with his master all of his adult life, serving Master Lewak's every need as his only servant. They had travelled leagues together with the rest of the nomadic Cleok Rider Clan, a barbaric slave trading nomadic society who was ruled by a patriarchal human war chief. Now all that remained of the clan was ashes... and Dayo.

Dayo was born a male blue elf, even captured and sold as a male slave, but his slender elf frame allowed him to pass as a female elf. He had bright blue eyes matching his cyan skin, long green hair braided down to his buttocks, a skinny frame and a round but small behind. He was wearing a black skirt and a leather bra-like top his master insisted he wear. His feet stung from the awful wooden slippers he was made to wear. 

The Cleok Rider explicitly forbade homosexuality but Master Lewak found a loophole in the feminine elf boy, forcing him to cross dress from the first day of acquiring Dayo. For five years, Dayo dressed as a woman and serviced Lewak's every carnal desire. For the first year he hated having his holes violated, the second year he learned to enjoy it, by the third he had become deeply loyal to his master. Now that his master was gone he felt awakened for the first time in years. Without his captor, his former life was a haze, a haze of fear and chains. 

He walked to his tent, or whatever ashes remained of it. It used to host two sleeping carpets, a luxurious large one for his obese master, and a tiny rough one for Dayo after he was done servicing Lewak every night. Right now it was ashes and debris. And bones. Most likely Lewak's. Nothing worth salvaging.

Dayo looked around to see if any of the Cleoks were around. Twice as tall as a horse and raptor-like, the Cleoks were the primary method of transport of the clan, as well as their arsenal. For generations the Cleok Riders had bred only the most intelligent, loyal, and vicious of Cleoks. They rode on them with all their belongings through the desert sands. When not used as transport, the Riders were siccing them upon other camps and settlements to thin the numbers before the riders came in to finish off the job. It was very effective, especially since Cleoks were so rare. Very few had claimed to have survived an attack by a Cleok, fewer claimed to have defeated one, only a handful were truthful. 

Dayo started looking for Jury, the yellow scaled hell-raiser Master Lewak had won in a card game. Lewak had no real wealth to his name as he was born the bastard son of a slave and a rider. After winning Jury against unfathomable odds in a gamble, he started making a fortune through the Cleok's pillaging ability. Within weeks he gained influence in the clan, even challenging the war chief's position. It ended poorly in humiliation, when the aging war chief beat the equally old Lewak to the ground in front of the rest of the clan. If not for Jury intervening the war chief would have killed him, but the Cleok caused the war chief to retreat. Even the war chief's Cleok did not dare face Jury. Feeble Lewak had gained true rank in the clan, as long as his Cleok lived. He claimed the reason Jury was so powerful was not because of the generations of planned breeding his breeder had facilitated, nor the strict training he received from his former master, but the way he kept Jury satisfied, through Dayo. 

After every raid, Lewak instructed Dayo to take the Cleok away from the camp and suck its massive member. The fifteen inch monster would never fit in Dayo's mouth, so he would lick the tip and masturbate him. As proof that Dayo successfully performed his task, he was instructed to present the Cleok's seed to his Master for inspection, in the only place he could transport it without a container, his mouth. It was humiliating at first, carrying the raptor's seed back to the camp while it dripped down his chin, sometimes spilling or swallowing and having to suck the beast off again. It drove the Maser wild with lust. After Dayo presented the seed Lewak tended to ram him with new ferocity rather than the slow nightly five minute humps they were accustomed to.  

Despite the humiliation, Dayo formed a close relationship with the beast. Jury was docile with Dayo, and Dayo was caring with the beast and the beast's member. Many barbarians had attempted to rape Dayo, both from inside and outside the camp. Jury had been Dayo's only form of defense from the attacks, scaring off any harassers. 

Alone for the first time in years, now more than ever Dayo needed his beastly friend, but there was no sign of Jury. He had last seen the raptor fighting the foreign horse riders from afar as he had returned from the well last night. He ran to the bushes and hid for the extent of the night, not knowing his "family's" fate during the loud battle. It was quite within minutes, Dayo hid for hours.

"What do we have here?" a female voice broke the solitude and silence Dayo had taken for granted.

Dayo turned around but saw no one. 

"Elf. Female. You think it'll run? I love it when they run," another female voice added.

"First one to catch her gets to keep her," the first voice proclaimed.

"Fuck you, you've got five already, I only have two and that's only because you made me sell the other two at the last auction."

"You needed the gold to pay me back."

"You could have waited another week and I could have sold them for a better price at the Nanurekt...Wait! It hears us, look! it's looking right our way."

Dayo localized the voice to a patch of soft sand. A second later a massive beast of a human erupted from under it, a giant blob of sand initially, but almost instantly it sprinted towards him. A split second later another erupted from the sand and joined the chase. Dayo turned his head and bolted in the opposite direction. He managed to run for a few seconds before something grabbed him and lifted him in the air. He felt strong hands around his neck while another was under his groin. He tried to turn to see who was holding him up but couldn't turn his neck. He just stared off into the sands while his genitalia was molested.

"It has balls...and a shaft. It's a male blue skin."

"Fucking nomads, always have the best toys."

"I'm gonna fuck it. I'll let you have a go after."

A few seconds later Dayo's skirt was pulled off and a cock as thick as Jury's was in his asshole. He felt it shoot a small load in his ass almost instantly. He thought it was over, but then realized that wasn't cum, just natural lubrication. Inch by inch the massive member stretched his asshole as his screamed in pain. The assailant had no interest in warming his ass up, instantly breaking into a fast pump ramming his anus. Dayo screamed even louder.

"Shut up or Cassandra is going to join me in the same hole."

So Dayo stayed silent as the beast raped his ass. He was about to pass out from the pain when the other attacker revealed herself. She was a seven foot tall muscular woman, wearing thick leather armor that revealed massive heaving breasts in her generous cleavage. Dark skinned the towering woman also had a massive erect cock, the size of some human's legs. The futanari was jerking her cock to Dayo's assault, a horselike glans leaking cum like a faucet. Once she had covered her cock in her lubricating cum, she started rubbing her massive member against Dayo's tiny tool.

"So tight," the one behind Dayo panted, "bet this one's only had human and elf inside him. Do elf males get pregnant? It's been so long... Ugh yeah... I think I'll end up getting it pregnant."

"Yeah Panma, males get pregnant. Are you fucking retarded?" Cassandra retorted as she stripped off Dayo's top.

"Haven't cum in weeks, horny...brain..." Panma grunted.

"You could have cum if you let me fuck you."

"No way, you're too rough. Plus you know I don't take dick I just...give. Ugh this hole is too tight."

Dayo had passed out from the pain at this point.

"You didn't have a problem sucking me off this morning."

"That...was...a...favor...cumming...cumming."

Dayo awoke with cum gushing out of his asshole and something warm spraying his face. 

"Wake up," said the big black cock pissing into his face, "you don't get to faint every time we fuck you."

Dayo's slave training kicked in, "I'm sorry, I'll stay awake," he managed while the last few streams of piss entered his mouth.

"Damn Panma, this one's a ass lick. Fucking humans taught her how to talk like them," the cock moved out of his face to reveal the dark futanari's face. It was a beautiful face, a hard regal nose with plump lips and intimidating eyes, "Cock suck, you don't need to speak like that anymore, what do you call it? Apolozes, apolosize, whatever you call it, we don't care for it. Stay awake next time or I'll beat the living shit out of you."

"Yes. Yes," Dayo replied.

"Good. Who attacked your people?" Cassandra asked.

"I didn't see, I was hiding."

"Bullshit." 

"I swear, in that bush. You probably saw me come out."

"We didn't but I don't want you crapping yourself. It's okay I believe you. I see Cleok foot prints everywhere, I'm guessing your owners were the Riders everyone's afraid of around here. What do you know of them? Answer truthfully and we'll lubricate your holes better the next time we use you."

"They're big. And strong."

Cassandra cut him off, "How to catch them, domesticate them, that kind of shit."

Dayo stayed silent.

"Answer fuck meat."

"I suck my master's Cleok. He's yellow. It calms him. My master says that's how you make them loyal. He's smart, he doesn't hurt people me or my master don't let him hurt, but if you two go after him he's going to kill you both, he's really strong. I don't know much about other Cleoks though, I don't know how to catch them."

"That's fine, we just need your help to catch one. The huge yellow one we spotted a mile behind."

Dayo was hesitant at first but realized if anyone was going to save him it was Jury, "I can help."

"Good," boomed Panma's voice behind him before his head was shoved into the sand, "I get a second go. You spent too much time talking to it."