 Nick the Necromancer slowly walked through Saint Morgan Hospital's morgue like a kid in a candy store. Opening the glossy cover, she flipped to the passage in the book, You Can Raise the Dead Too, about choosing the right body.

"Someone who died without completing something in life is the best, however anyone intact will do."

"Alright," Nick said to the group of sheet covered corpses, "Who here has something to live for? Raise your hand." None of them did much to Nick's disappointment. Nick sighed and started to check the charts on the end of the gurneys. Most were natural deaths, a few suicides but none of them appealed to her until she came to one in the middle of the room. The center was bumped up like there was something under the sheet with the body. Pulling the white cotton off of the corpse, Nick's face immediately turned crimson. The body had a massive erection that had made a tent of the cloth. The body was quite well hung and as Nick looked at it a thought came to her. He died without completing something; she giggled at the thought and knew she had her body. "You're coming home with me." Nick readjusted the stolen white doctor's jacket as she wheeled the gurney down the hall, confident that no one would stop her. No one did and soon the body was stored safely in the trunk of her car. Nick pulled the chart off the gurney and threw it into the back seat before shoving the gurney as hard as she could into the middle of the parking lot and into on coming traffic. A blue Toyota hit it and in the confusion Nick drove away.

She parked in back of The Black Opal, the occult store that she owned, and flipped through the chart of the dead man. It read:

Name: Dirk, Fredrick 

Status: Deceased 

Sex: Male 

Eyes: gray

Hair: Black 

Race: Caucasian

Martial status: single 

Next of kin: N/A

Comments: Cause of death unknown. Pornographic film found in VCR unrewound, possible autoerotic asphyxiation. No family of the deceased has yet been found to contact. 

Perfect, Nick thought, no meddling family. She opened the trunk and tucked the white cloth around the body before pulling it out. This way none of her neighbors would know what she was doing, though most of them were pimps, whores, and drug lords, the usual in such a neighborhood. She threw the doctor's coat into the trunk before closing it and began the process of lugging a 180 pound body up a flight of stairs. The body was heavy and the dead man's erection kept poking her, but through much cursing Nick finally got the door unlocked and the body inside.

"It's about time. Will you kill me now?" A voice cut through the darkness.

"No Ralph I'm not going to kill you." Nick said to the half rotting corpse that lay on one of the back table. "I've got another body."

"Don't raise another poor sucker, at least not until you kill me." His voice sounded as if he was choking on part of his throat. He probably was.

"He's not going to end up like you." Nick said a bit annoyed. She got the body from the morgue onto another table and lit the ceremonial candles and prepared the materials to raise him from the dead. She performed the ritual accordingly, recited the words perfectly, even did the dance moves flawlessly, that was until it reached the part about virgin's blood.

"If the corpse died in lust, spread virgin's blood onto the body's gentiles." Damn, Nick thought. She had thought it was going to be like Ralph, who had died in a fire and was required to be submerged in holy water. Turns out, priests won't help out necromancers and Nick had only been able to buy a flask full online. She had sprinkled it over Ralph instead of soaking him in it Yeah don't do that. The results are unpleasant and yell at you to kill them for weeks. She thought back to the few sexual experiences she had, the farthest she went was being groping in K mart. Pulling out a knife she cut her finger and started to rub it on the dead man's cock. Her breathing got heavy at erotic nature of touching the penis, so heavy in fact that she didn't notice when the dead man took a breath. He sat up quickly and grabbed her hand. She squeaked as he pulled her across his lap with one hand and pushed up her robes with the other. He mind reeled as her panties were torn from her and with a little repositioning he was thrusting his blood-covered member into her. She screamed in pain as her hymen tore only adding more blood. He continued his thrusting until her whimpering turned into moans and she started to buck along with him. He kept one hand on her hip and with the other he reached around and mashed her clit with the palm of his hand. The added stimulation was just took much for the sexually inexperience necromancer, and for the first time ever she came. The clenching muscles around his cock pushed him over the edge as he too came with a powerful blast filling her. Panting into her hair, the formally dead man said,

"Oh, by the way my name's Fred."

"I'm Nick." She replied turning to face him. Fred gently ran a hand down Nick's face brushing the brown curls from amber colored eyes.

"You people are sick." came a voice that still lay in darkness.

"Who is that?" Fred asked, his breath tickling her cheek.

"That's Ralph, rotting Ralph." Nick said gazing into Fred's gray eyes.

"Please kill me." Ralph begged. They both ignored him. Fred unfastened the necromancer robe and pushed it apart, revealing a lovely pair of white lace clad breasts. He sat Nick up and pulled off the robe letting it drop to the floor. "Hey, if you're going to make out do it somewhere else or kill me first." Ralph whined. Fred picked up the robe and tossed it on top of him. Ralph made a sound that was either thank you or fuck you. Nick tried to get up discreetly, not comfortable with her own nudity and still a bit dazed but Fred gently, but forcefully made her sit back down this time facing him.

"You may have created me but now your mine." Fred said as he watched his seed seep from her onto the table.

"Yes," was all that Nick replied knowing that she could not deny him anything. Fred reached around and unhooked her bra. It fell away showing the perfect cream-colored orbs that were her breasts tinted pink by the blush that creeped down her chest. The dusky rose nipples were hard little nubs begging for him to touch them. He sucked one into his mouth as his hand claimed the other one. Nick gasped at the pleasure. She could feel her pussy getting wet despite the harsh treatment it had received earlier. It ached for his cock. She could feel his cock, hard again, pressing against her thigh. He suddenly pulled back and looked at her. She was breathing hard, her hair was a mess and the only thing she was wearing was a pair of knee high black boots. That's what's wrong he thought and quickly removed the boots. As he was bent down undoing the laces he could see the desire between her legs growing. Kissing her thigh, he then mounted the table and her at the same time, forcing himself between her legs and forcing her flat on her back. She wrapped her legs around him and dug her heals into his back. He teased her pulling out and not entering again, just staying out of reach of her pussy. She almost started to hump him in her frustration.

"Tell me how much you want it." Fred breathed into her ear.

"Please, take me. Fuck me. I want you to fuck Me." she breathed out the words in a shy whisper "I need your cock in me now!"

This was what Fred had been waiting for. He had felt a little bad at how roughly he had fucked her, taking her virginity. He thrust into her as she squealed with passion. He quickened his pace, as he got closer to his climax. With a final thrust both fell off the table, which pushed his cock further into her. She came with this final invasion and as her pussy clamped down on his cock he felt it burst, filling her with cum for the second time that evening. 

They lay like that until morning, tangled in the white hospital sheet on the floor. Fred awoke to the gray light of a cloudy day in his eyes. He blinked and looked down at the mass of brown curly hair on his shoulder. He pushed her head back so he could look at her face. Her pale red lips were parted in shallow breathing and her skin was white and smooth, like fine china. My god, he thought, she's beautiful. Fred thought back to his death, his mind had accepted it but he hadn't thought about it fully yet.

"Yeah baby," Fred said out loud in the empty apartment. He drooled on the cover of the movie he held, "Black leather Babes" He had just moved to New England and had no friends or women. All he had was an apartment filled with boxes he had yet to unpack and a lousy job at Café Smoothie. He started the video and crunched on an ice cube from the glass of them he had on the coffee table in front of the couch. He opened the bottle of baby oil and rubbed a generous amount on to his hands. He slowly pulled along the length of his dick and moaned in time with the woman on the screen. He grabbed the glass of ice in his passion and dumped all the ice into his mouth. He started to choke and went to stand but his pants around his ankles tripped him up and he fell back onto the couch. It lodged the ice further into his throat as he slowly lost consciousness. 

The next thing he remembered was a woman jerking him off with her own blood. No not just a woman, a goddess of a woman. He gazed down at that woman. She looked so unprotected so vulnerable. He slid the sheet down her body revealing her beautiful body. He kissed her stomach and pulled her closer to him. "Mine." He spoke like a child with a toy. She stirred against his chest pressing her lips against him, her eyes slowly fluttered open. She smiled and curled her body closer to his. No, not a toy he thought, she was fragile, like glass. "Mine." Spoken now softly, an endearment.