 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 72: Execution

When Selene, Caleldir, and Tsabdrin were enroute to Faust's quarters, Althaia caught up with them. "Messages sent," she said brightly. "Everything is going according to plan." 

A small yet haughty smile appeared on Selene's face when Althaia met them in the hall with the news of her success. She stopped just short of saying 'I told you so.' Of course the servants would jump to ingratiate themselves with the beautiful nymph paladin. Althaia needn't have worried.

Althaia sighed she either ignored or didn't notice Selene. "You can bind ghosts, can't you, Caleldir?"

"Yes," Caleldir said simply. "Weaker ones easily, more powerful ones are a bit more difficult."

"How about willing ones?" Althaia asked.

"Effortlessly," he said. "I assume that you are talking about Faust? Keeping his soul here instead of letting his father make off with it between execution and revival?"

"Pretty much," Althaia nodded.

"That should not be a problem. Even without the necromancer," Caleldir replied.

Selene listened to the exchange as the mostly gathered party continued their walk towards Faust's old rooms. Tsabdrin was completely silent during the exchange as well; he was intently focused on getting to the room as quickly as possible.

Ashyr wasn't there when they got to the room, but there was still time before the fifteen minutes were up. Tsabdrin went directly to the washroom, carelessly shedding a couple items off his armor that were donned particularly poorly. He didn't even manage to shut the door completely in his haste, though it wasn't open enough for the rest of the party to actually see what he was doing. His companions made restless, huffing noises, but they managed to lie down together uneasily in one corner of the room.

"What's wrong with him?" Selene asked. But then she shrugged; she didn't seem to care all that much about it. She approached the couch and sat down heavily upon it, then began to rub her feet. "Still sore from yesterday..." She mumbled to herself.

"Your brother was rather harried by those rusalka," Caleldir explained. "I think that they were teasing him and not allowing any release, so-"

"If that is the case, I can help him," Althaia said indignantly. "Riling up a man and then leaving him unsatisfied is against my religion." She made for the washroom.

"That is not necessarily what happened..." Caleldir said quickly. 

It was too late though. Althaia knocked slightly on the door. "Need any help in there?" She asked hopefully.

Tsabdrin didn't respond right away. After a long moment of silence, the male drow pulled the door open for her to reveal that he had gotten himself out of his armor, but not out of his tunic and breeches. He was quite clearly and uncomfortably 'riled up,' as Althaia put it. Tsabdrin then grabbed her by the arm, pulled her into the room with him, and shut the door with more force and assertiveness than he had ever displayed in recent history. In the next moment he had his body pressed against hers, his hand at a breast and his lips assaulting her mouth.

While Althaia was slightly taken off guard by Tsabdin's attack, she was not put off. Instead, she closed her eyes and welcomed the kiss. Her hand went down to his breeches, slipping through them and sliding her fingers and palm over his manhood, then gently stroking it. When the kiss waned, she pulled away and gave him a smile. The reduction spell had long ago expired, so she was once again much taller than him, but still she managed to meet him eye to eye without trouble. 

"We need to make this quick," she whispered. "Would not want to keep the others waiting too long!" She grinned mischievously. "Or... do we?"

"Don't think I have an option beside 'quick,'" Tsabdrin panted in response. 

His hips rolled against her hand with all the desperate arousal that that cunt of a rusalka instilled in him. He didn't seem to mind or even notice that the nymph had a couple inches on him. He was tall for his sex, but still he was used to females being his height or taller. A grin spread across his face that was almost identical to Ashyr's signature look. Then, with a moment's concentration that took far more effort than it should have, Tsabdrin cast a very weak version of enlarge person on himself. "There." He panted, now looking down at her instead of up. "Hope I don't have to cast any more spells today." Between that and porting all those creatures minutes ago, he was completely spent.

Althaia looked genuinely surprised at Tsabdrin's sudden growth spurt. "A tall drow?" She asked teasingly. "What will they think of next? Seriously though, you do not need to change your size for me." Not that it was unpleasant either. 

Tsabdrin didn't respond to Althaia's comments about his change in height. She would figure out his motives soon enough. Besides, he was too busy using his mouth for better things. Kissing her was definitely better than trying to explain his actions, so back to kissing her he went. His hands slid down her back, over her ass, and to her thighs - forcing him to bend down slightly. In one smooth motion, he lifted her up and gently placed her on the counter. Then he threw his shirt over his head and let it fall wherever. His breeches quickly joined his other garments on the floor. He went back to her after that, this time with lips and teeth gently grazing across the skin of her neck. It quickly became apparent why he decided to change his size; their sexes lined up perfectly at his current height when Althaia was on the counter. He refrained from taking advantage of this fact for the moment. Instead, his hand slid up her thigh and around to start massaging her clit. He may be acting uncharacteristically assertive, but that didn't mean he was going to forget about the paladin's pleasure.

Tsabdrin's continued assertiveness kept Althaia reacting rather than acting - a new experience for her. Until now, the only men that she had allowed near here were the type to respond rather than initiate, and having Tsabdrin set the pace and tone of their interlude put her out of her depth enough that she was content to ride the experience rather than pressing forward into it. It was certainly exciting though. For the first time, she realized that Tsabdrin was almost certainly ten times her age, and in fact had massively more sexual experience than she could claim to. She had been an adult for a mere decade, he for well over a century. 

Sighing against his continuing kiss, she allowed her clothing to melt away, causing her to be as nude as he once he had stripped off his clothing. His continued efforts at her womanhood caused her to let out a pleased moan. However, this was not about her pleasure right now, but about relieving him from the Rusalka's torments. Taking initiative for the first time, she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him forward, insistently guiding him inside her.

The embrace of her legs surprised him slightly. His brought his head back, his cobalt eyes searching hers in confusion. He'd warned her that he wouldn't last, and he had been fully prepared to make up for it. No woman of the Underdark would tolerate his behavior if he didn't first ensure her pleasure. Well, she was a nymph. Perhaps she didn't need as much attention as the female drow he'd been with previously.

So, he pressed his aching arousal against her sex, first rubbing his cockhead up and down against her to lubricate himself. Then, gently, carefully, he pressed himself forward and into her. He didn't try to penetrate her fully in one go, instead he carefully pulled in and out, going a little deeper with each pass. The effort of it made him tremble slightly. His primal instincts told him to go hard and fast, but his experiences with powerful, dominant women forced him to be cautious. 

Although Althaia was certainly aggressive, 'dominate' was neither an accurate nor an inaccurate label for her. At very least, at the moment she was slightly impatient about Tsabdrin's slow build once she had started to pull him towards her. He still seemed to be insisting on pushing forward very slowly, but oh well. Althaia could be patient when need be.

Only after he finally, fully hilted himself did he begin to pick up his pace. One hand held her steady, while his other gripped hard at the counter until his knuckles turned ashen. He tried to hold out for as long as he possibly could, but it was a losing battle. With a low groan, he shot forth into her. It was an impressive load, and an orgasm that made his knees tremble - made it difficult to stand, even.

"Gods, I'm sorry about that, Althaia," he panted once the world went mostly back into focus.

She had been pouting just a little before Tsabdrin apologized. "I am not sure why you need to be sorry, Tsabdrin," she said sweetly, disentangling herself from him and cleaning herself off. "I mean, the purpose of this was to give you some relief. I can remove my own lusts with a thought." She tapped her forehead, eyes going from unfulfilled purple to rune-sealed grey. "See?" she said. "No harm done." Honestly, the ability to seal her own lusts was slightly humiliating, since it meant that she had even less excuse for when she fell for them. Not so much recently, though.

After cleaning herself and resummoning her white dress, she turned to leave the side chamber, but gave Tsabdrin one last grin before she did. "Perhaps tonight you can make it up to me."

One side of his mouth quirked upward in a crooked grin. "Yeah. I'll make it up to you," Tsabdrin agreed as she left the room. Later, though, when he didn't feel so oddly exhausted. He pulled his pants back on and threw his shirt back over his head, then followed the nymph out of the room.

--

While they waited for Althaia and Tsabrin to finish... what they were doing, Caleldir sat down next to Selene. "Would you like me to help with your soreness?" He asked her. He put his hands on her shoulders. "I can offer invigorating massages, or simply heal away the soreness. It is a temporary fix, but should provide some relief."

"I would like a massage," Selene agreed as she turned, reclined back, and put her feet on Caleldir's lap. She chose to ignore the issue with her brother. "I think it's psychological more than anything." She said with a sigh. "Or perhaps I'm just tired, I don't know. It's been an unusually active couple weeks for me. I'm used to sitting in a library and researching all day." The mage admitted. "Nothing like all this adventuring nonsense." She made a disgusted noise and waved a dismissive hand in the direction of the rest of the city. 

"Well, a lot of adventuring, and being pregnant," Caleldir noted. "I can understand the appeal of libraries, myself." He began massaging her legs and feet. "Although, adventuring is a rather fertile ground for research, would you not agree?"

"Yes. My spell power has increased more in the past months than it has in years," Selene agreed. "All the danger and running around, though... well, it almost makes it not worthwhile."

"I can sympathize with both points of view, really," Caleldir replied. "In the end, though, I think I value it for the practical reasons more than the excitement."

It was at that point that Ashyr walked through the door. "Oh good, you're here already. Where's Althaia and Tsabdrin?" She followed Selene's gaze towards the door they had gone behind. Then a naughty grin spread across her face. "Ah. I take it the rusalka weren't very nice to him. How are you, Cal? You okay?" She asked as she joined them on the couch, sitting so that Selene could relax against her chest instead of the arm of the chair. 

Caleldir gave Ashyr a nod and a smile. "The rusalka liked teasing him a lot. As for me..." He sighed. "Well, I am going to do my best to make sure that all those daughters that Goelon apparently promised that I would give the rusalka are raised properly. You know, not as naked sadists."

"It might be kinda hard to be involved with the rusalka daughters. What are you going to do? Live in the cave with them? Or steal their babies, perhaps?" Ashyr asked, her expression not very serious.

"She has a point. Also, the thing that makes them perfect for guarding the sewers is their sadism. At least some of them love what they do, even if a couple want to leave. Changing their daughters so drastically will make them hate it down there, and probably hate their mothers as well. What would you rather have? Good children, or happy ones?" Selene asked. She knew exactly what she would choose if she had to. Morality wasn't high on her list of priorities. Children that thrived in their environments, however, was what Selene found important. 

Caleldir smiled slightly sadly. "In the end, we do not need rusalka guarding the sewers at all. No, it would be infinitely more practical simply to put wards, alarms, and occasional guards at the points of exit and entry. Perhaps a golem or two. Or, take a page from my civilization and use robots. I can refit a few from back home if need be. We have some pretty neat aquatic ones. Allies as unreliable as them should not be indefinitely relied on.

"Anyway, I would not steal the girls away from their mothers. Instead, I would simply offer to take them. Rusalka are not the most motherly of fae, at least some of them would be happy to be rid of the children completely, giving them a chance to go back home ahead of time. The ones that do not, well, I will simply have to visit a lot. A little bit of genetic manipulation, a mere stifling of the magical force that compels them to evil, allowing them the freedom to choose their own values instead, well, that will make them more receptive to my views than those of their mothers. If they still chose their mothers' views, well, I will be saddened, but those that choose mine instead..." he smiled. "It is better by far to be good than happy, for happiness is a short term thing. The joy of righteousness is eternal." Suddenly, he blushed, and looked down. "At least, that is what the monks always said." He muttered.

Selene scoffed at Caleldir, and Ashyr began to chuckle before she could rein herself back in. "You really believe that, darling?" The younger drow asked with a raised eyebrow. 

Ashyr snickered again. "The joy of righteousness is eternal..." She repeated again in a slightly mocking tone. "Fuck, I'm sorry, Caleldir, but that's hilarious. Is that what your monks said to themselves to make them feel better when they had to go to their cold, lonely beds at night?" Both drow had been raised with such vastly different priorities that they couldn't help but find that particular sentiment alien to the point of comedy. 

"Did they find joy in their righteousness when they tried to destroy the gods? Or when they were cursed to insanity within the halls of their own monastery?" The younger drow asked with an arrogant little grin.

Caleldir realized that he had said something very silly by drow standards moments after saying it. He rolled his eyes a little. "On one hand, I have to concede Selene's point. My people are in a bad way right now. On the other hand, it is worth noting that we did not try to destroy the gods; we started to try to do so. And the gods were rightfully scared that we could. We built some of the greatest magitech that this world has ever seen, artifacts, machines, devices, structures, and more that have survived more than a thousand years without us. Just because we are cursed to be forgotten does not negate our accomplishments. We were not destroyed by traitors within our midst, like drow are every other week, it took an alliance of old gods to take us on." He sighed, slightly morose. "And asceticism does have its strengths." He muttered.

"I'm just pointing out where your people's extreme righteousness took them. They essentially decided that an entire group of thinking, feeling entities deserved total annihilation. And why? Because they didn't fit into their ideal world? I understand why the old gods would want to put a stop to it. Honestly, darling, sometimes I don't see the difference between 'good' and 'evil.' At least my people survive and grow stronger by the decade. A little in-fighting simply culls the weak and keeps our hubris in check." Selene told him. She, at least, was taking the conversation more seriously than Ashyr could. The older drow was still fighting back laughter.

"We did not mark the gods for total annihilation," Caleldir said. "It was not meant to be a war of destruction, more like we wanted to to blackmail them into... well, that is a very complicated story. And probably not one that you would find all that relatable." 

"Oh, only blackmail them. That's okay then," Selene responded with obvious sarcasm.

He stifled his strong thoughts on drow morality. He wanted to say a lot about how comically self-destructive their civilization was, and in general deconstruct its structure, but he felt that that would accomplish nothing good and just run tempers high. 

"If previous history is any indication, whenever the drow get strong, they start a lot of wars they cannot win, backstab each other a lot, and most of them end up dead," was what he finally said. "I mean, I suppose I can give them credit for not being utterly destroyed, but you have to have noticed the cycle that most evil-aligned races tend to go through. Always threatening the neutral and good aligned races, never really accomplishing anything." 

Selene sighed and settled further into Ashyr's arms. "Well, I'd say that our societies aren't that different. Except that we survived."

"They survived, too, in a way," Ashyr reminded her cousin as her hand strayed to Selene's lower abdomen. Her struggle against laughter seemed to have come to a close. "Duskhaven will change with us, you know. It obviously has to. I kinda like the idea of cooperation and inventing neat stuff. Might take a page from those long dead people. Without the monks, stuffy righteousness, and challenging the gods. Our daughters may be as much drow as they are Deusterran."

The mage made a noncommittal noise at this, but her hand joined Ashyr's on the almost nonexistent swell of her stomach. Things did have to change. There were males raping their cousins and forcing them to catch. If that wasn't an indication of a society that wasn't working, Selene didn't know what was.

That was when their two missing party members entered, and everyone dropped the subject.

"There you are, Althaia - Tsabdrin, you grew. What is it with you two and changing your sizes?" Ashyr greeted the two exiting the small room with a wide grin. 

"It is nice to try new things," Althaia responded as she took a seat at the table.

Ashyr couldn't argue with that. "Oh, uh, I spoke to the leaders and everything. We have some time to relax before the... events this afternoon."

"A few hours to relax? That is almost a pity. I have nothing... Wait. No, we need to start working on the reincarnation rituals. Or at least I have to." Althaia sighed. "Please excuse me, I have to go do a lot of praying." She left the room by means of the window, flying away on her pegasus.
