 The next morning I awoke on the floor where Cloe normally slept, when the hell had I gotten on the floor? Then the memories of yesterday start to intrude on my mind, ah yes! I had been tired after everything that had happened yesterday. Getting up I made my way slowly to the kitchen, where Cloe had left me some breakfast. Looking around I saw that she'd obviously been called away to a council meeting; well it was her main job after all.

Finally finished I saw that the golden hue of light in the sky meant the sun was coming up. Dressed in a flash I flexed my magic, seventeen levels higher was really nothing to sneeze at, plus I was betting that Cedric was counting on me increasing. Something was tickling the back of my mind; I knew that he was up to something I had a feeling what it was, but I just couldn't seem to put my finger on it. Well, I thought, I might as well get to class; if I did survive they would still need the training in order to make it in both worlds.

Arriving I saw that the office was open, a smile lit up my face, good girl Celina was back! Walking in, she was there waiting for me a huge smile on her face. "Morning Mr. Greenstick! I have been practicing the exercises that I saw you teaching the students the last few days I was off. I am proud to tell you that I have grown seven and a half levels and I plan to use them tonight! I promise Mr. Greenstick that I won't be as easy to step on next time!"

I smiled hugely; her power had been closing in on the top level of mage's when I knew her one hundred seventy five years ago. Damn I thought I hoped that this wasn't a trend, if it got too far out of hand the council would step in. I really didn't want to go against the entire council, with my levels now I could easily kill half of them. Though now that I thought of it the way Cloe was going she was up there a fair piece herself.

"I am glad that you have increased, in the coming days I feel that it will serve us both very well." I told her as she started to beam at my praise of her. "Mr. Greenstick," she started somewhat shyer all of a sudden, "I remember a lot of things now. I wanted to apologize to you for hurting you in the past. I was very sick in my mind and I realize that you loved me greatly. May I make a confession to you?"

I was a little hesitant but slowly nodded, I still loved this woman, more than I had any other, she was after all my first real love that I had been completely serious about. "I guess," I answered, still unsure whether I shouldn't call the doctor or not.

"I..." her face was suddenly red as she was blushing! Holy shit she was embarrassed. "I am different somewhat than I was before, I am not the same that I was; I am now this Celina and will always be." Turning away she started to walk to the door. Almost in a whisper I heard her say, "I know as I said I hurt you as I did myself, but I still love you Tyrome." With that she walked out the door leaving me stunned as hell! 

What in the hell was going on? I hadn't had a serious relationship in over one hundred years (since my now ex-wife tried to knife me in the back quite literally). I couldn't get laid if I was the last male on a planet of all horny women. Suddenly I have two women that I have known for a long time wanting me. For a moment I thought that I ought to recall the doctor and bust him in the face just for the hell of it.

I really didn't have time to go after her as the first of the class started to arrive. The rest of the day I went through the motions trying to teach the class but I kept hearing what both Cloe and Celina had told me. Christ this was all I needed I was already screwed enough being as far behind Cedric as I was but now this! Half way through the class I heard a soft giggling and knew that my sister was finally awake.

[Brother who is Celina?] She asked startling me out of my stupor.

[A female mage I was very deeply in love with and ... HEY! I said to stay out of there!] I shouted at her in my mind.

Defiant to a tee she retorted, [I wasn't in there! You are so depressed that they are just bleeding out. OH! Brother! You really look at her that way? Shame!]

Concentrating I clamped down on my mind bringing a groan from her. [Look I am sorry but those are very private, she almost killed me. It wasn't that long after I lost you, father and Tan she made me feel alive for the first time then she tried to kill me.]

I heard Eluria gasp then she was apologizing, [I am so sorry brother you have had so much hardship since the family was lost. Had I got to Cloe's as I had planned to I wouldn't have been there either. I got delayed, and heard shouting when I came into the common room; Cedric had killed Tan and was killing father. I screamed at him but it only made him mad then the next thing I knew I was above my body watching it fade to dust. Then Cedric was laughing as I was sucked into his body, not long after that he started to torture us. He called you a coward for not being there, and then you fought him, you almost killed him but you were so weakened that I saw that you couldn't finish.]

[I am sorry that I couldn't, then all three of you would have been free sooner but I won't stop this time 'til he is dead.] I told my sister ducking as an errant blast flew by me. Looking I saw that Gena's partner had momentarily lost control. Stopping the whole class I started to point out that Gena's partner had let her emotions over rule her mind and thinking. As their power and emotions are linked it is always a good thing to keep emotions in check.

I pulled the young Pena out of the groups to demonstrate. "Now I want you to think of me as an enemy and you are mad, fire at me." His face held shock, "It's ok I am far more powerful than you are, you can't hurt me." 

He fired at me but I knew he wasn't mad yet, so I thought a moment, "Hey BOY! So you've been to bed with that little slut you are using? I bet she's a great lay, think she'd give me a ride?" I watched as his face contorted into rage and he let loose a wild burst of fire that barely hit my shield. "Alright can anyone see what was wrong?" Pena was still seething but I could see he had finally got what I had done.

Several of the students raised their hands; I pointed to Gena's partner, "Yes miss Fina, what was wrong?"

"He had lost almost all control when he got mad, though the power was briefly increased, it was also wide spread and easy to avoid." She replied.

I nodded and looked at the rest of the class, "Anything else? Any observations Mr. Pena?"

I saw that he was thinking then it seemed clarity struck him. "I noticed that after I fired I was weakened for a few moments, this would make it easier for an enemy to destroy me?"

"Very good Mr. Pena, always try to stay calm, it has saved my life more than a few times. Now then I want everyone to do your exercises all of you are starting to near lower mage level. I am going to have you doing these each day this week; it should start to raise you even closer." I watched as they all started in on their motions, out of the corner of my eye I saw that Celina was also doing them good girl! I had been hoping that she would be listening and get in on the act herself.

Christ what was I going to do with her? I already had Cloe fawning over me but Celina also? I wasn't even sure that the council would allow me to have two wives. Hell, even one for that matter, besides this time next week I might be dead as things were going. I started to measure their levels again. 

Ok, a quick lesson again on the power of mages, there are forty levels of sub-mages, though not really that powerful 'til they are near mage level. Then there are twenty levels of mages. After that there are the few clan leaders, there being five levels to them. Then came the council if I remembered right there were twenty levels of them, I had gone beyond that well over a week ago.

When I'd met Celina centuries ago she was near the top of the mage level list I'd say she was border line of the clan leader levels now. Cloe had already surpassed the council leader and was still increasing. I sat and did an exercise myself I still had two or three to equal Cedric which was all well and good but could I actually use them? This was the main concern I had going into this battle with him. After only a few minutes I had gone up another half, I estimated I needed another two and a half levels to pass him.

Passing a hand over the class I felt that they had really improved in such a short time I felt none of them below sub-mage level ten now, with any hope they would all be lower mage level next week then the last two weeks I could really start their education. At present I was just teaching them to stay alive and increase their power. Once they were mage level they would be more targets for the scum out there.

As I felt there were two at sub-five most at sub-eight or nine just one at ten (Gena) that one was more of a healer than a defensive fighter, though I felt she was definitely improving. Now that I knew who she was and what she was I would be able to teach her better. I just hoped that all I did really was sinking into their skulls. Reclining back I went at the exercises again feeling my levels increase even as I started, relaxing I knew that I couldn't be out that long so I tried to limit how long I had my eyes closed. An hour later I heard several of my students call me immediately I opened my eyes to see several of them standing around me.

I heard Gena's soft gasp when she drew closer to me, I'll be damned only sub-mage ten and she could already detect levels most impressive. I'd have to complement her later; I arose and had them pair off again according to the levels I felt. We had been at it for most of the day when I heard a shout from the outer office, crap now what? I told the rest of the class to stay put as I erected a shield on my way out the door. I saw that there were several men that were hiding from Celina, good girl I thought. Reaching out I froze all of them.

"I am obviously dealing with a bunch of very low class idiots! In case you fools haven't noticed I am a hell of a lot higher than I was. Perhaps you'd like me to unfreeze you and let you find out right before I completely destroy you." All but one of the men's eyes were growing wider as I spoke I figured as much, releasing them I told them they were free to go but they owed me a favor and that I'd remember them. Each nodded and was gone extremely quick.

"Now then as defiant as you are, do you think you can beat me. I highly doubt it but you're welcome to try." I told the man.

I unfroze the idiot and started to power up to almost full power, that I believe was enough as he shook his head no and was gone as quick if not quicker than his friends. I reached out to where Cedric was and shouted for him. Appearing a moment later he started to laugh, "So you really don't care about these little wimpy children. The shield you erected will fail soon then their weak power will add to my own."

Shocked a moment it was my turn to laugh, this of course pissed Cedric off to no end as his face contorted into a mask of rage. "You dare to laugh at the greatest mage that has ever lived? I could kill you now brother far easier than you think even with the piss ant power of our sister that you have. I will wait, I need you to be as high as you can be so that when I suck your soul I will indeed be unstoppable not even the council combined will be enough to stop me!" Shooting a bolt at me I deflected it then reached out and started to rip away at his defenses, screaming he again tried to pull away but I held fast.

"You've been fucking with the wrong mage you sorry piece of shit!" I shouted over his increasing screams, "Whatever you are planning it won't work, 'cause I am here to stop you like always!" Finally he screamed even louder then wrenched his self loose but not before I got a sense of what his plan truly was. So I thought, he'd planned on me taking one of my siblings from him, problem is I had taken far more of them than he'd intended. Even with the orders he'd implanted deep in her there was far too much of her for them to really control her plus I felt I had taken the last bit of her from him.

[Eluria, I am sorry but I must do this,] I told her as I reached in and ripped the orders out of her. I heard her gasp then cry but it was short lived when I heard her tear filled voice.

[Thank you brother though there are others, this was the worst one, at least now I can no longer harm you.] Nodding I saw in her mind other orders that she pointed out and were quickly eliminated. I came to, or arrived back in my body Celina was there trying to clean up the mess she'd held her own far better than I'd hoped for. Walking up to her I removed the barrier to my students and reached Celina when I felt my energy drop, crap.

"You did an excellent job but," I heard several of the students in the doorway, "I think you need to call the council, I'm afraid that Cedric took a bit out of me with this latest battle." Celina's eyes went wide as she started to scream for the council even as Pena was also calling his father. I turned to the class, "I am proud of each of you, you are progressing far better than I thought you would." 

I wobbled on my legs falling to my knees, that's when I heard Gena gasp, then Cloe and Celina started to scream, oh gee! I hadn't noticed the blood on my forehead ok Cedric was really getting desperate if he was trying to injure me, good, the ass! I felt several hands grab me as I felt the energy leave me and the world spiraling into darkness. Crap this was going to ruin my whole damn day!

I awoke an hour later with a loud groan I felt several people around me before I opened my eyes. Opening them slightly I felt the pain start, crap! It felt as if my head was splitting still I managed to get my eyes open though I just didn't seem to have enough strength to get off the floor yet. Celina lifted my head and Cloe poured the foulest smelling concoction ugh! The taste was even worse than the smell though I had to admit I felt my strength returning quickly.

Looking around I saw the council standing a ways off huh? Why were they over there? I looked the other way and soon got the answer. Tom and Evelyn Timmings, Gregor and Trina Vidon were beside Cloe and Celina. Shaking my head my eyes opened wide.

"Why in the hell are you here? I thought you were all going to stay in the keep, and YOU," I said as I turned to Gregor, "you told me you'd back off!"

Gregor gave me one of those irritating smiles of his as he answered, "So I lied, what are you going to do? You have never been able to catch me, what makes you think that with your added power you are faster?" Sitting up I grabbed my head as I started to fall back towards the floor, oh crap still dizzy what had Cedric been trying to do weaken me so others could kill me? Yes, I was starting to see he was; it was almost like what I'd been trying to teach my students. If the enforcer was weakened then he was an easy target.

Gregor and Tom rushed forward and helped me to sit up, "Thank you, but again why are you here?" I asked them both.

Tom smiled and looked at Gregor then Trina, "We were following the energy of a titanic battle, and it took me a little while to realize that it was you Tyrome. I arrived a moment after you faded." Tom told him.

"Hey what can I say," Gregor started. "I felt it also though I had a little trouble finding you," that was from Trina.

Lowering my voice I told all four of them, "Look I appreciate all of you coming here, really I do, but this is my brother we are dealing with. He is the sneakiest son of a bitch there is, I don't want any of you hurt as I said I owe you far too much, now please go home I will end this one way or the other but I will end it." Tom nodded that he understood turned to talk to Gregor who's eyes opened wide then he hung his head and nodded yes. Both Evelyn and Trina were trying to protest but Tom quieted them with just a look.

"Gregor and I, my wife and daughter will honor your wishes, we will though, as for Johnathon," here Tom shook his head. "I cannot nor will I even try to tell him that he has to honor your wishes. Even with your increased power Tyrome you still aren't a match for him. I know you have enough tricks that you could probably put him down but I wouldn't try, his recuperation is fantastic." With that they all flashed out.

The council slowly made their way to me and the women, Cloe's eyes were wide at the way I had talked to Tom Timmings. She wasn't that old but she did know of the sub-council rule, but what had amazed her more was the simple fact that Tom had relented as easily as he did. The council nodded saying that they were behind me no matter what my decision then they too flashed out. I thought a moment then my eyes flew wide, that son of a bitch he was going to tell Johnathon! ARRGH! I'd never be free of owing him if Johnathon showed up to help.

I told the class that we were done for the day, that I was proud of them. They all shook my hand, and then started to flash out. Gena was the last, "You really should have let Grandpa help you and uncle Gregor. I am afraid that Grandpa is going to interrupt Daddy and Momma." Giggling a moment she stated, "I'm glad Grandma is a good healer, he was limping a week the last time he broke in on them." With that she was gone Cloe and Celina were the only ones left when I heard my sister speak up.

[TY! Are you trying to get killed? Cedric is strong I know you are too but you have to remember he has a plan to overpower you. Please reconsider, you are going to need help in the end!] I was cringing at her tone she was right but this was about family, my family and my shame at not being able to stop Cedric from killing all those I loved.

I saw that both Celina and Cloe were looking around looking for something. "What's going on? What are you two doing," I asked.

"I heard a young woman's voice," Celina told me a surprised look on her face.

"I did too though I could swear that I have heard it before." Cloe said looking at me to explain to Celina. "I will see you at home," as she looked at Celina then me, "afterward." 

With that she flashed out, crap, just like her to leave me like this but then she must have been talking to Celina and her feelings for me great!

"Uh," I started trying to figure out just how I was going to tell her, "A great many things have happened to me since we were together. I have made a great many enemies including Cedric, as I am sure you heard is my brother."

Celina nodded looking at me with a look I hadn't seen from her in well over one hundred seventy five years, "I know all this the battle, your partner, the loss of your family. Had it been me Tyrome I would not have made it as long as you."

Sighing I knew that it was now or never. "The time before now when I battled Cedric I managed to rip a part of him free, it was the soul of my sister." I heard Celina gasp as tears started to fall from her eyes. "She was finally free, but was afraid that Cedric would recapture her if she didn't hide. The only place she had was in me, say hello Elura." I told my sister.

"Hello," I heard my sister's voice, "I am so happy to meet the one woman who loved my brother as great as you did, thank you." Both Celina and I were staring at each other with gaping mouths then Celina nodded yes before she flashed out. Umm I hope this didn't go bad, as I had two women after me and my god they had such tight asses.

[Tsk, Tsk brother yes I know you are lonely, but you won't be much longer! Don't worry she'll be back.] I was shocked, what in the hell was she on about?