 Dear Diary,

Today was an amazing day. I got to spend the whole day with her. I just want to tell her how I feel, but I don't know how she'll react. I don't even know if she likes girls, let alone a dickgirl. It's so hard to live my life like other girls sometimes. I always feel alone and no one ever took the time to get to know me... well, except for Ashley, my best friend and love of my life. She helped me out today and just left like 30 minuets ago. On a side note, I moved in my own apartment today and this place is amazing, I feel so free. Ashley ordered us a pizza after moving all my stuff. I really want to tell her how I feel but I don't know. Well the only way to find out is to let time run it's course. But I have a plan. 

 Love Always,

Vicky ♥

*****

"Time for bed!" I thought to myself. I closed my diary and put it in the drawer and reached for my pajamas. "Hmm" I thought, "I don't really need to wear clothes anymore." I realized just how alone was, and I was loving it. I wasn't a weird pervert though, I couldn't just walk around naked. At most, I'd just be in my underwear all day.

I felt pressure around my crotch, I was getting horny just thinking about it. "Well, what the hell." I said. I took off my pants to relieve some of the pressure and my shirt came off too, revealing my bra.

Sitting at my desk, the mirror in front of me was turning me on even more. A beautiful girl with nice breasts and lovely hair. Just looking at her, I was begging her to take off her bra. I reached around my back and unhooked my bra. It fell to the floor and I started admiring my body.

I started rubbing my nipples and it feels so good. The girl in the mirror is moaning and breathing heavily. My cock is starting to force its way out of my boxers (I like to wear men's boxers) and say hello. I slowly slide my underwear down my leg and off they come. I toss them to the side and I'm left completely naked. And free!

My cock started growing, it was always fun to watch. It rose slowly and stopped right when the head started touching my nipple. It felt so warm against my breast, I could lose my mind right now. The girl in the mirror was teasing me. I know she can be more sexy but she's just my reflection.

I glance at a picture of Ashley hanging on my desk. "Oh, Ashley!" I moaned. I start rubbing my penis, up and down, my balls slapping the edge of the chair. I leaned forward, putting one hand on my mirror, "Ashley, I want you so badly." I see my balls bouncing. I put my other hand on them to give them a massage (I read massing my balls would make them bigger and I definitely see results).

My cock-head is just staring at me, begging me to kiss it and lick up a little glob of precum, just inches from my face and easily within reach. I want the girl in the mirror to tease me more before I cum. 

I look at the mirror and see it start glowing and my new room begins to darken around me. I stop massaging myself and look around, it was pitch black except the for me and the mirror. I was floating and my desk just disappeared.

"What the heck is going on!?" I shout. I was able to move but the girl in the mirror wasn't.

"Don't worry, you're completely fine," the girl in the mirror says, as she starts walking towards me, "I'll explain everything. Take my hand." I trusted her word and reached out. She looked just like me, her hand felt like mine, and her body looked just like mine.

"What's going on?" I asked again.

"I want to thank you for freeing me." She said. "I come from a different realm, trapped in your mirror. Every night I have been watching you, protecting you as best I could. I feel your pain, your emotions, your dreams."

"What do you mean I freed you, how'd you get in there?" We were walking in darkness, I feel the ground but see only us. We were holding hands, where were we going?

"My name is Eris, I'm a fairy, thousands of years ago, I was a Queen. A powerful and respected ruler. But one day an evil sorceress put a curse on me and took over my kingdom. She crafted this mirror to trap me until someone breaks the curse. To have someone with strong desires confesses themselves. When you spoke just now, you broke the curse, however since my spirit was trapped I had no body, that is, until I saw you, I took on your form by stepping into your reflection."

"Whoa!" I said, "I'm sorry that happened, I feel honored I broke the curse, though, but where are we going?

"We're going to break free, to show you a whole new reality, one that is yours, to your dreamland. Right now your body is sleeping at your desk, but your spirit is with me, I promise I won't harm you, I just want to thank you."

Suddenly, I saw a flash of light, it was overwhelming. I see a clear blue sky and crisp green grass. The sun is warm on my skin at just the right temperature, the clouds are white and they pop. It was so surreal. I looked at Eris and I saw myself. We were both naked. Her cock was as short as mine when it was flaccid. Her breasts were as big and plump as mine, the perfect size. I noticed her staring at me as well. Our beautiful green eyes locked together. 

"You're very beautiful, Vicky." Eris said, "I can't thank you enough, You've given me a whole new chance in this world. I don't want to go back home to my kingdom." She looked sad, It was heart breaking, to see myself crying, but it was her. I kissed her cheek and gave her a hug. 

"It's going to be alright now, Eris, it's just you and me." I said. We sat down, we were on a nice soft blanket that came from my imagination. "So I can just think of something and I can have it here?"

"Yup!" She exclaimed, "Time in the real world won't pass as long as you're here, but you can choose to wake up whenever you like at any hour you please. As a fairy, I can also grant you wishes. In the real world, that is, but here you have total control." I thought this was to good to be true.

"Anything, huh?" I said, " Right now, I just want to be with you." I put my hands on her legs and stared into her eyes. Her eyes were slightly different than mine, though. They were brighter and more wise.

I feel her pain when I touch her, but I know I can change that. I lean towards her face and she leans towards mine. Our lips touched and our tongues danced.

This was the most erotic thing ever. I feel my cock slowly becoming erect. I also feel her cock pressing against mine, hardening together. I feel Eris's warm hands grab my breasts. That made me moan and fall to the floor. Our cocks were now rock hard. 

Eris pulls her mouth away from mine, leaving a trail of saliva still connecting us but it spills all over my body. "I think you're going to like this." Eris says. She puts her hand on my sensitive balls causing me to thrust a little upward, then I feel the tip of my dick enter her warm mouth. Slowly, she forces the whole length into her mouth, all 12 inches. 

When she comes back up, she looks at me and winks. She continues bobbing slowly, going all the way down then back up. She starts to pick up the pace then slows down, she was teasing me. I grabbed her head and started moving it faster and faster. Eventually, I stood up, leaving my cock in her mouth, and started humping her face. Eris couldn't keep up but she wanted me to keep going. Faster and faster, I felt myself ready to cum.

"I'm gonna cum!" I managed to say, then Eris grabbed one of my hands to hold and she grabbed my penis with the other. She held her face near the tip and started jacking me off. This felt like the best orgasm I was going to ever have. 

I was cumming, and it feels so amazing. Eris was drinking every drop with ease and doing her best to make me feel as best I could. I just kept cumming, I was getting weak and eventually I fell to the floor. My cock, throbbing and shooting cum out, was now pointed at my face. Globs of it entered my mouth, it tasted wonderful, like sweet instead of salty this time, almost like bananas. 

After about 5 minuets my dick stopped feeding me. I was only slightly hard and I was very exhausted. "What did you think?" Eris said, "There can be much more of that if you would like." She let go of my cock and snuggled next to me, licking the cum off my face and then my body.

"That was amazing. It felt so.. Good!" I said, breathing heavily, "I never felt an orgasm that good in my life." 

"You better get used to it." She said right before kissing me. I could taste my sweet cum on her mouth. My hands went to go explore her body (which was my body, so I know what feels good), I ran y hand up her leg and on the inside of her thighs. Eris moaned in my mouth. I reached my hand to her crotch to rub her balls, they were huge. They were easily bigger than the size of golf balls.

"Hey, Eris," I said, interrupting our deep make out session, "I want to do something for you, too." She smiled at me and I made my way down to her crotch. I was now staring at her cock, it looked delicious. I could see a bit of precum leaking from the tip. 

I stuck my tongue out and licked from the base of the shaft to the tip. Slowly, I wrapped my mouth around and started to suck her dick. I tried to go as far as I can but I was stopped when I ran out of cock to swallow. I couldn't believe I was doing this.

"Oh, shit!" Eris shouted, "I'm gonna cum!" 

Almost on instinct, I bobbed my head up and down as fast as I could go. I grabbed her shaft and started jacking her off. I felt her thrusting into my mouth then all of a sudden the was cum gushing out of my mouth. I lifted my head and tried to savor every drop. It tasted just like mine did, sweet. I tried to milk every last bit of it.

Eris collapsed on the floor. I got up and cuddled with her. We looked down to see both our cocks shrinking back down to 2 inches. "Thank you for bringing me here." I told her, "I really love this. All my dreams are practically coming true here." 

"I just want to thank you again for freeing me. It was really lonely and I couldn't talk to anyone or make myself know. There haven't been many people in possession of this mirror, either."

"I'm glad I found you, and, I really needed this right now. I'm just under a lot of stress and I have too much college work and .. and I'm just really happy right now!" Eris and I were staring in each others eyes. I couldn't believe it. An exact copy of me.

We made out some more for what felt like hours, we could have talked about anything and in my dreamworld, anything can happen. I had to wake up sometime though, right? Will I see her in reality or is this really just an elaborate dream.

"I suppose it's time for me to wake up now." I said, looking sad. I didn't want to leave but I couldn't stop thinking about Ashley. Eris grabbed my face and looked at me deeply.

"Don't be sad, please." she said. "I'll always be with you, you know? What time would you like to wake up at?"

"Eight sounds good, Saturday morning breakfast with my friend." She smiled at me and began to glow. Brighter and brighter. The feelings were so strange, I was looking at all my memories, my favorite moments in life, then I woke.

I opened my eyes, I was wide awake still sitting at my chair. My morning wood was greeting me with wet kisses and my body felt great. "Eris?" I shouted. I looked in my mirror and I saw her, It was only my reflection but I knew she was there. "Come out of there, silly."

"I can't." I heard her say. Just like that my reflection was moving by itself. "I'm just a spirit, I don't have a physical body." She put her hand on the mirror from the inside. I know what I could do!

"Eris, you said you can grant wishes right?"

"Yeah, do you wish for any special desires?"

I smiled at her. "I wish that there were two of me, and that one of them didn't have my spirit so you can inhabit the body!" When I said that, Eris giggled like she's been waiting for this. 

"Alright!" There was a flash of light and sparkly dust floating everywhere. I saw a person start to form, I could see my features, the body shape, that delicious cock, everything. I looked at her.

"Is it you?" I looked back in the mirror and saw no reflection, just black.

"Thank you so much Vicky!!" She ran to me and tackled me on the bed and started to kiss my face. She was now free. And I could wish for anything I want. But I still want Ashley, my heart aches for her. I want to feel her touch. I had to set my plan into action.