 NOTE: This is a continuation to my Dear Diary saga with Vicky being the first point of view and Ashley being the second point of view. Hopefully it's not too confusing. Enjoy. 

***** 

Dear Diary, 

Today was my 21st birthday, both my parents forgot, but I was more than happy to spend the whole day with my best friend, Vicky. I helped her move into her new apartment and that place is amazing. I want to ask if I could move in since my parents are always on my ass about school or work. I hope Vicky isn't seeing anyone at school, I finally figured out a plan to have her be mine. Tomorrow, I'm taking her to breakfast and surprise her with a trip to the movies, then hopefully head back to her place and I'll try confessing my feelings. I never had a girlfriend before so I'm nervous about tomorrow, I don't know how I'm going to sleep tonight. 

Ashley 

***** 

"Ashley go to bed!" I heard my dad yell. He's drunk right now so he'll probably go to his friends house or pass out, either way, I just need to turn the lights off and wait. 

"Alright, dad!" I yelled back. Some day this tuned out to be. Neglected by my parents all day, I really need smoke the last of my pot, after my dad's gone, Vicky got me a new bong after she accidentally shattered my old one. 

I turned the light off to wait until it's safe. All I could think about right now was Vicky, I've been crazy for her for years now. Her beauty always stuns me. Those eyes, they get me lost, and her smile, it drives me wild. "Oh Vicky!" I found myself moaning. It was starting to get hot in here, so I took my clothes off, as I normally sleep naked. 

I flopped on my bed. This bed was soft, I could just sink in. I found my hand moving slowly to play with my pussy. I've been a little wet all day so it's a relieve to air it out. I rubbed my clit slowly in circles, I wish Vicky could do it for me. 

I sped up, feeling more intense. My fingers were like magic, making me moan and wanting. "Vicky!" I moaned. I felt an orgasm coming. I stuck two fingers inside my tight pussy to make things interesting. This was always my favorite part. I was about to orgasm and I love to taste my juices after. 

Suddenly, a purple glow was radiating from around my bed. With my fingers still inside me, I looked to see what was going on. Then my orgasm hit, stronger than it normally is. I fell back on my bed and started moaning. I was squirting like crazy and my room around me was different. I was in a cave, this wasn't even my bed. My body felt too good to really feel scared right now. 

After a few minuets to catch my breath, I sat up and looked around. I was in a well lit cave with a clear lake to my left. "What the hell?" I thought to myself. I stood up to go look around. There seemed to be no noticeable exit. I turned around to look at the bed I was in. There was a pentagram on the wall behind it. 

Then, I saw red smoke start to spiral in front of me. It looked like a person was forming. First, I saw two hooves appear, then, the rest of the legs started to form. Horse legs? I thought to myself. Next, the body started to come into shape, I saw two huge breasts appear and arms come next. Then, there was a flash. 

I looked again and I saw a demon with red skin and the perfect body, standing around 9 and feet. She had animal-like features but overall looked human-like. Pointy ears, hooved feet, and a long tail with a spiked tip. She started to walk towards me. Strangely, I wasn't panicking, but I was fascinated. 

"Hello, Ashley" She said. 

"Um, Hi" I said back all shy. The way she walked was sexy, her hips moving side to side, her long tail waving. "Who are you? Where are we?" 

She smiled. "We're in my home, normally I would never bring anyone here but I'm in need of help." She stepped closer until she was right in front of me. Her breasts were above my head and her tail was wrapping around me, rubbing my body. 

"Help?" I asked. "What do you need my help for? I'm nothing special, I promise." Slowly I started to rise until we were at eye level. Her eyes were big and filled in black but had a greenish glow, when she looked at me, it was as if she was looking into my soul. 

"Oh, but you are, my dear. For centuries, I've been chosen by my queen to watch over a special mirror to ensure no one breaks the curse that was cast upon it. But moments ago, that curse was broken by your friend, Vicky." 

"What!? Is she alright?" I said. "How did she break the curse?" 

"She's desperately in love with you. She confessed that to the mirror releasing the spirit trapped inside. It's hard to say if she'll awaken from this point." 

"She .. She loves me? And she's in trouble?" I was starting to cry, actually I didn't know what to feel. My best friend in trouble, and a demon needed my help. "What do you need help with?" 

"I need your body to be my host in the Overworld, I cannot walk up there during the day so I would need your body to walk around, gather information, and see your friend Vicky is unharmed." 

All this was fascinating to me. "How would you use my body? What would happen to me?" 

"Your spirit will still be in there, but I would be the voice in your head, controlling you when I have to, other than that, live your life normally until my work is done." 

"I'll do it, anything to save Vicky!" I said, almost crying. I didn't want Vicky to get hurt, and the very chance that she loves me is making my heart pound. "Who are you, by the way?" 

"I've been called many names over the centuries: Hades, Lucifer, Satan, Pluto, what ever the general public sees me as, but I assure you I am not like the myths. In my home realm, I am known as Wenn, the sorceress, but a name I have come to like over time is Wendy." 

"Alright ... Wendy" I said holding back a smile as I looked at her. I couldn't believe how beautiful she was; her face was flawless and her cat-like eyes glowed bright red, sending me a comforting yet edgy feeling. Her skin was smooth and felt warm against mine, not a single hair on her body, well except for the hair on her head and her two horns. "I'm ready." 

She pushed me on the bed and I was at perfect eye level with her ... cock? How could I not have seen that. There it was, although it didn't look like a human dick. I couldn't remember how long I've been staring at it. "Do you like what you see?" She giggled. "It's a horse's penis, I can't remember the last time I've used it on someone." 

"I, uh, can't." I was at a loss of words. I never seen a dick in real life before, let alone one like this. "Uhh..." I muttered. 

"Don't worry, things will come into play." She said. She grabbed her cock and I could see it growing in her hand. "If it's alright with you, the only way to possess your body is to claim you." Her dick grew to about a foot and a half, inches from my face. 

"It's alright with me." I managed to say as I slowly brought my hand to her cock. It looked so beautiful, the way it grow out of it's sheath, the way her balls looked, just the way it wasn't human really turned me on. 

She stepped closer and her cock pushed my face. I let out a high pitched squeak from surprise. I wasn't to sure what to, do I lick it, do I suck it? I tried my best to blow her but it was no use, I can only fit the tip in my mouth. 

"Lay down," she said, "I'll take care of everything." I laid down on the bed and her 9 foot figure crawled on top of me with her demon horse cock dangling as she moved. Finally she was over me and we were at eye level again, but her face was coming towards mine. 

Oh god! I thought, I never made out like this before, my heart was pounding at this point. When her lips touched mine, I felt different, like all my problems went away, new energy surrounded me. I kissed her back and I could feel her tongue slipping inside my mouth, crawling down my throat. I figured she must have a snake tongue. 

We were now lip locked and I could tell neither of us wanted this to stop. I moved my hands against her smooth, partially scaley body, feeling her up. I couldn't quite reach her butt, however I had perfect access to her breasts. They were just bigger than my head, and very firm and soft. I rubbed nipples and as I did, she moaned. 

The next thing I felt was her tail moving up my legs, then her warm hands grabbed my arms, this all happened so quick. I was sliding under her and I felt something at my wet pussy. "Are you ready?" she said. 

"I'm ready." I said nervously, as I knew I couldn't take a cock the big, my torso was just as long as it was. Then, Her dick slowly entered inside me, pushing up slowly as I moaned and shivers went down my back. As she continued to thrust forward, I could feel my insides being rearranged and my body changing. This felt amazing! 

Then I felt her pulling out, rubbing my clit on the way. Her breasts were jiggling right above my face as she continued to hump me, in and out. Then, without warning, started to thrust even faster and harder, making me scream in ecstasy. Her balls were now slapping my ass and forcing my legs to open, as she was way to big. Her hands grabbed my waist and I was being brought up in the air again, but this time, being fucked. 

Wendy started to move me up and down her shaft, using me as a sex toy. She was looking down at me with lust in her eyes, but I could hardly stay conscious as I was getting fucked by this beautiful demon. 

She picked up the pace and that told me that she was close to cumming, but I must have came several times by now, It was really one non-stop orgasm. Her cock started expanding inside me and the pumping got faster. Suddenly, with one big thrust, she came all inside me, releasing her seed in me, then being raised up her shaft, only to be forced to to receive another gallon or so of cum. 

There was nowhere for all this cum to go, so I felt my belly expand and expand. And when she finally stopped jerking me on her cock, she collapsed on with her back on the bed, with me still around her now pulsing cock. We were both breathing hard, and I kept pulsing with her cock, between her breasts. I couldn't describe the feeling I had. This was really turning out to be the best day ever. 

Finally, I stopped bouncing and I was being pulled off her massive cock that must have grown another foot inside me, cumming again as I slid off. Then when the tip popped out of my pussy, there was a loud "POP!" and all her cum came pouring out of me, all over her body. There was so much, It had a black color to it with a green glow like her eyes, and gleamed in the light. 

I was brought down to her face, once again at eye level, now laying between her breasts. "That was amazing!" I managed to say, catching my breath. 

"Oh, dear" she said, "our night has just begun." 

I looked at her wide eyed. "What do you mean?" 

"Well, If you haven't noticed, our body is not one. I only planted my seed in you, what comes next is the real fun." 

"But I'm so exhausted, I can't go another round." 

"Don't worry, dear, the effects will happen when you're ready, until then, you must stay down here with me" She then kissed me with her big lips. 

"Well, if that's the case, could you possibly shrink down to my size?" I said in a sweet tone, trying not to sound demanding. 

"If that pleases you, you should have said that in the first place." She winked at me and the red smoke that she arrived in surrounded us, then I saw a sexy demon the same height as me, but with noticeably bigger breasts than me and a 12 inch horse penis. "Do you like what you see?" 

"Oh yes!" I said, "But regardless, you were sexy before but this is just more convenient for me." 

She smiled at me while her lizard tongue crept out and ticked my face. "Oh, I almost forgot!" she said suddenly and got up and walked to the lake. I really loved how she walked, her hips bounce from side to side with her tail flailing around. But from behind was just as sexy, her ass jiggles when she steps. 

She walked into the lake and disappeared. I was left on her bed, covered in cum. I thought I might as well wash myself off because I hate being sticky. I got up and found my legs were sore, I must have been fucked really hard to barely be able to walk, but I managed. 

When I finally limped my way to the lake, I stepped in and felt its energy radiating through my body. It was just the right temperature for my body. Suddenly, I wasn't sore anymore and I felt healed of everything that was wrong with me. I stepped in deeper to my waist and could feel it cleaning my body, I rubbed the water on my chest and cleaned myself. I went deeper in and decided to dive in, and cover my whole body. When I came back up, I felt better than I ever have in my life. 

I walked back to the bed to see that Wendy was sitting on it with her legs crossed, leaning back on her hands. "You put on quite the show, love." She said. 

"Oh, uh, thanks.." I said nervously, not knowing I was being watched. "I didn't mean to, uh, use your stuff like that." 

"What's mine is yours, dear." she said, "Now get over here, I have a surprise." I walked over to her to find she was holding a sac, filled with what smells like weed. Really strong weed. "You smell it already, don't you, I guarantee you never had something this strong in your life." 

She pulled a bong from under her bed and prepared it for us. When it was ready, she let me take the first hit. "Holy crap!" I shouted. When I breathed out, my breath was red. I could feel myself getting light headed. 

"Just relax" she said, "You'll adjust soon enough." She inhaled from the bong and blew a red smoke heart in my direction. She was right, I never had anything like this. 

"Um, Wendy?" I asked. 

"What is it, my dear?" 

"I think I'm ready for us to bond, I feel it." 

"Excellent!" She said, moving towards me. I felt my body get hot, and saw it start to glow. Wendy stood me up to where I was facing her. Then, I saw massive wings emerge from behind her and wrap around to cover both of us. We were now pressing our bodies together, face to face in what looked like a cocoon. 

"Dear," she spoke to me "this is the best part." When she said that, I felt my insides bubbling with her seed, then my pussy started to squirt out the black liquid, non-stop. I didn't know where it was coming from but this was the most intense orgasm of my life. When the liquid raised to our knees, I can feel our legs morphing together, becoming one. 

As my cum rose, our body fused together wherever it touched. When it was up to our breasts, I could see them morphing, and finally when I rose to the top of the cocoon, our body became one. I feel everything moving around, and adapting to accommodate both of us. 

I heard a voice in my head We are one, my dear. I don't recall what happened next. But the next morning, I awoke on my bed, in my room. 

"What a dream." I thought to myself as I stood up and stretched. I walked into my bathroom to take a shower, today was the day I would finally ask out Vicky. I walked in the bathroom, locked the door and stood in the shower. As I was washing my body and rubbing soap all over me, I couldn't help start to get horny. 

I lowered my hands down my body to my pussy but what I found next almost scared me. Upon further examination, there was a sheath that was hiding a cock, and a nice pair of testicles to go with it. "Was that a dream?" I thought. 

That wasn't a dream, dear.