 Authors Notes:

It is a sci-fi story of an alternate reality where there are more women than men and where women are forced to be more sexual aggressive. The story is structured as popular advice column for women in that alternate reality.

It has no graphic sex, but has strong sexual themes including lesbianism, anal sex, and group sex.

Please skip it if any of these elements are not your cup of tea. There are many other great stories on this site.

Thank you to MochaMistress and AnotherWannabe for their feedback and suggestions.

Of course, do not read this if you are under 18, or are not allowed to read it in your area.

Please do send feedback and comments, they are greatly appreciated. If folks like this story line, please let me know, and it can be expanded with additional chapters.

Dr. Anna's Advice Column for the Modern Woman in a Gender Imbalanced World

Dear Dr. Anna,

I recently returned to teaching after decades out of the workforce. I teach at a conservative private girl's school here in Kansas. Teaching again has been wonderful, especially with the new focus nowadays on female writers and history. I love working with students again. However, many of the young women come to me for advice, particularly about dating at college. Giving personal advice on this subject is challenging for me.

I was raised in the last generation before the Gender Virus was released, during the Brazilian crisis. So when I grew up, parents could conceive just as many boys as girls. So when I reached in my early twenties, decades ago, there were not yet twice as many young women as young men because of the Virus limiting XY pairings for so many years.

The oversupply of women has changed everything in society. But the impact on dating, marriage, and, as you might guess, sex, has been so extreme that I just don't know what advice I should give to my graduating 18- and 19-year-olds. Dating, and frankly morals, were completely different when I was a young woman. It used to be that men always take the initiative and ask girls out, instead of the other way around.

I feel all my advice is out of date, and want to help this new generation, I don't want my students to be at a great social disadvantage when they are at college. However, I can't help but think it has gone too far, and I don't want my students to be, for lack of a better word... sluts.

When I was young, a proper girl might give a guy she likes a goodnight kiss after a date. But now, by most accounts, young women routinely perform much more intimate activities as a friendly "good bye" gesture. Let me give an example. In my own well off neighborhood, a young neighborhood woman was being dropped off recently from a first date. I saw them from my window. Right at her doorstep she just goes on her knees and, pardon my French, "blows" him before she says goodnight.

This girl is from a good family, and is otherwise very proper. When I asked her about it, she just said, "Oh, it is nothing, it is just a 'polite good bye.'" She also said most of her friends do it, and it "doesn't mean anything." She called it a "just a good night peck." A PECK!

I want my students to have a great experience at college, but also don't want them to get a "reputation." Is my neighbor taking it too far? What advice should I give my graduating students?

Sincerely,

Trying Everything to Adjust to Current Habits

Dear TEACH,

I understand your concern and I am from the same generation as you, I think.

But with the world is as it is now, and so it is important to adjust your advice to the new social norms. Otherwise your female students may hit 25 and not even have a husband. Then, statistically speaking, their chances drop drastically. It is what the media now calls the "Christmas Cake" effect.

Your neighbor is definitely not unusual. What was considered, as you put it, "slutty" behavior in our day, might be considered normal, perhaps even prudish by today's young women.

You should be happy you are in the more conservative Midwest. Here in New York, where the ratios are closer to three young women to each young man, the norms are even more shocking.

Let me give you a simple example. When you and I were growing up, "first base" was kissing, and "second base" was touching a breast and so forth. Around here the "bases" have radically changed: "first base" is oral sex, "second" is vaginal, third would be anal intercourse, and "home plate" is the girl performing analingus on a man.

Another shocking example of how things have changed: A "double date" in our time meant two gal pals on an innocent joint date with their beaus. It has a much different meaning now. Young men here will now often invite two girls on the same date, girls who are strangers to each other. And the girls will both be on their knees after the first date, and he will alternate between them, in a sort of competition. It just is understood and accepted that the best "mouth" is the one who will probably get the call for a second date. Worse, many young men are starting only to accept "double dates."

I can see you care about your young ladies. I suggest you do have one to one talks with your students who come for advice, just let them know that shy girls do get second dates, and they need to be ready for the new "third base" and "home plate". But they should also keep their self respect, for instance turning down any "double dates".

Sympathetically yours,

Dr. Anna

Dear Dr. Anna,

I love your column and have been reading it for 2 years now. I am 24 and could not be happier. I have a wonderful fiancée. We been engaged for about a year, while my parents finish saving up enough money for my dowry.

He is a great guy, maybe kind of a "nerd", and not as tall or athletic as the men I dated before I met him (I myself was a scholarship volleyball player). But he is just so considerate, kind and loyal. He has never cheated on me while we have been dating, and even gives me little presents when he is thinking of me. I am just so in love. My girlfriends and sorority sisters are over the moon for me.

I would love your advice on something though.

I have a very close friend and ex-teammate who has not had much luck with men recently. She is really pretty, and has a rocking bod (my fiancée called her an "8") but also very intelligent and warm. But since she doesn't have much success with men, she is getting quite down on herself. I just love her to death and want her to be happy and sexually confident again. She is very lonely, and confided she has not had "real" sex with a man in over 3 years.

I would like to invite her to join my fiancée and me in bed, if he will agree. My honey such a nice guy, I am sure he will agree. It will boost her self esteem, and I know I can trust them both.

What do you think? It feels like the right thing to do for my friend.

Thanks in advance,

Blissfully in Love, Imagining Sharing Sweetheart

Dear BLISS,

You are right, in many parts of the country, it is increasingly normal for women in long term relationships to share their man sexually with their close female friends. My 23 year old intern taught me a colorful expression for the practice: "not boggarting the cock."There are many obvious benefits. It can provide a healthy sexual outlet for girlfriends who have no man in their life, and can strengthen friendships between gal-pals.

But let me give some warnings:

