 Author's Note:

This is my first attempt at writing a piece. I'd like to lead up to a full story at some point, but you have to start somewhere. Constructive criticism is appreciated.

Please enjoy!

*****

Prologue

Dear Reader,

I never thought I'd be one to write a story like this. My life was your typical story of the everyman - not that I'm complaining, mind you. It was a fine life. I had a good job, plenty of good friends, a quaint house, and the other staples of a successful single man. There was nothing wrong with my day to day, but I look back with a sense of elation knowing those days were numbered. What follows is the chronicling of the life I've lead up until now; a life I believe is worth documenting in the event I ever decide to pass down what has been given to me. Rather than bore you with the details of my life before this precious gift was bestowed upon me, I'll jump right to the day I received the device that would ensure my greatest sexual fantasies became all too real.

Chapter 1

The date was Saturday, August 12, 2017. I was 26. As far as I was concerned, a day like any other. I had decided to sleep in to try and recover from some late nights at the office when I was stirred by the doorbell. I threw on a shirt and jeans that were lying on the floor, making sure to briefly stop at the mirror in my bedroom to fix my disheveled hair before heading to the door. Alas, no one was there but I did notice a package on my stoop; a nondescript cardboard box. Upon further examination, I noticed there was no shipping label of any kind, no branding, nothing at all to identify where this had come from. I brought the package inside and opened it up, ripping through the packing tape. "Weird...", I thought to myself. It was a remote, but not like any remote I've ever seen before. It had sleek, black glass on the front and back with a brushed aluminum trim around the edges. 

At first glance it looked much more like a flashy smartphone, but the clear plastic covering the front glass pane clearly labeled it as a remote. I peeled off the protector and pressed the power button. "Could be one of those touch screen universal remotes, I guess" I said, uncertainly. I didn't remember ordering anything of the like. A few seconds later the remote had booted and presented me with a welcome screen. "WELCOME TO THE PLACEHOLDER REMOTE. PLEASE ENTER YOUR NAME." I punched in my name and pressed continue. The next prompt appeared. "PRESS THUMB TO SCREEN AND HOLD FOR 5 SECONDS." As soon as my thumb touched the screen, a graphic of what appeared to be a biometric scan displayed. The system continued. "Thank you for activating your device. Your placeholder remote is now linked to your fingerprint. Let's get started. The placeholder remote is a prototype wireless biochemical modulator designed to adjust the chemical makeup of anyone you choose. This can include mental, physical, and sensory manipulation of any human. If you ever have any questions, just tap the HELP button that appears on any screen. Have fun!"

The screen faded to another interface that contained three buttons that matched the remote's instructions; Mental, Physical, and Sensory. Obviously at this point I thought this was joke, but there was a sense of hope building within that maybe I was one of those chosen people that dominate movies and fiction whom may have just stumbled across the opportunity of a lifetime. There was only one way to find out. I returned to my bedroom and looked back in the mirror. Staring back at me was the face that had always returned a glance in every mirror I'd ever observed. With equal parts trepidation and excitement, I pressed the Physical button on the remote's main menu. A small model of a human displayed, along with a list of the major parts of the male anatomy. I opted for the torso, at which point another list populated with more specific categories. Arms, chest, abdomen, shoulders, and waist were among the options. 

I chose arms, which brought up a slider and zoomed in on the model to focus on one of its arms. The slider started in the middle, so I wiggled it around to see how it would change the model. Moving it to the left resulted in the arms shrinking in width and mass, moving it to the right added muscle and definition. I dragged the bar about three quarters to the right, then pressed the Apply button that appeared after making the change. An incredible sensation suddenly ripped through my body. My vision blurred, a pounding went off in my head, and my arms became unusable for a moment. For those few seconds, it felt like I had worked my arms harder than I ever have in my entire life. Before I could process what was happening, it was over with no residual pain whatsoever. Dazed, I caught a look at myself in the mirror. To my delight - and horror - my arms had unmistakably packed on pounds of extra muscle. 

The definition was fantastic, and they've never felt better. They weren't the arms of a weightlifting champion, but they were vascular and tightened the sleeves of my shirt around them. I decided to go all in and flung the slider on the remote all the way to the right and quickly pressed Apply again. The same experience - blurred vision, unusable arms, pounding head, followed by nothing. Looking back in the mirror showed massive arms on my otherwise lithe frame. A cartoonish mix of a relatively skinny body with enormous, muscular arms. It felt incredible. Not wanting to get too ahead of myself, I brought the slider back to where it started and applied the change. Normal once more. I was in utter disbelief. If all the functions outlined in the startup guide work as well as just changing my arms did, imagine the endless possibilities. Beyond enjoying peak physical condition for the rest of my days, think of all the people I could help. With so many functions to explore, I was about to have the best day of my life.

Day one with the placeholder remote. My head spun with ideas of how to field test the remarkable device. As appealing as adjusting my own physique was, I was all too excited to try out some of the functions on other people. I called up my best friend since grade school, Monica, and insisted we get together. "I've got something incredible to show you", I implored. On the drive over I contemplated my relationship with Monica. For as long as we've been friends, there has always been a certain level of sexual tension between the two of us. We were never part of the popular crowd, didn't play sports, and weren't particularly physically fit. She was definitely the mousy librarian type; clothes, glasses, and all. Despite that, we suffered from the same hormonal desires of your typical teenagers, and the chemistry between us was undeniable. Both being rather shy and not wanting to chance ruining our valuable friendship, we had always opted to stay just friends and not act on these sensations. 

Once out of school, we both focused on our college educations and, eventually, our careers but maintained contact with one another throughout it all, continuing to see each other as much as we could. I certainly didn't regret the path our friendship took. Monica had always been there when I needed her and we'd made some fantastic memories over the years. She'd been an amazing friend, and I valued that deeply. Still...the "what if" of a romantic relationship with her haunted me. Maybe today would be the day our friendship takes the long awaited step forward, I had hoped. I arrived at her apartment and approached her door, remote in pocket. She answered and we did our typical greeting; the hugging, the "it's great to see you again!" and so on. Whilst making small talk, I wondered what the best way to present all of this to her would be. Should I surreptitiously use a function of the remote on her and see what happens? Or perhaps I should just show her the remote, try to explain it, and provide her the proof she inevitably challenges me for. I opted to be a straight shooter and see how things play out.

"So, Monica, I have something to show you and you aren't going to believe any of it at first. I'm still not sure I believe it, but before I messed around with it anymore I just had to check it out with someone." 

"You're hyping this a lot! At this point I don't really care if I don't believe it, I just need to know what's up!"

"Alright, so I found this remote..." and I continued to walk her through the same menus I had walked through just an hour prior, explaining how I tested it.

"Bullshit!"

"Look, I know, it's completely unbelievable. So, if you let me, I figure I'll just demonstrate it."

"I...I don't know. I mean, I don't believe it works like you say for a second, but on the very off chance that it does what if something goes wrong?"

"I get it! I tried it out on myself just an hour ago thanks to a combination of boredom and disbelief, and it worked. I even undid my change with seemingly no after effects. Just give it a chance!"

"Well, what would we even do?"

"That's up to you. I figured we'd try a physical trait again, since it's a pretty direct way to see and feel a change. What's one thing you'd like to change about your body?"

"Are you kidding? One thing? What wouldn't I change? I guess I'll go simple and say a tighter stomach. I've noticed some weight gain recently and have been contemplating joining a gym but according to you, it's just the press of a button away! Ha!"

"Perfect, let me just punch that in."

I navigated the menus similarly to when I tried out the remote on myself, making sure to tap on the model first so I could change the target of the change. Pointing the remote vaguely in her direction resulted in a female model appearing with her name hovering above it. I selected her model, then proceeded through to the Abdomen slider. Much like before, the slider started in the middle and could go left or right. Going left melted any semblance of fat off the model in exchange for a stomach any woman would be proud to show off at the beach. The taut, well toned abs suggested the owner performed thousands of sit ups to earn them. Satisfied, I showed Monica the model and looked her in the eyes.

"Ready?"

"Sure, go for it. If I look like that when you're done, dinner's on me. Your choice."

I pressed Apply and anxiously awaited her reaction. Instantly she gasped and her entire body stretched to capacity. Her eyes closed and her breathing accelerated. A moment later the theatrics stopped. She looked around confused and flustered. I asked her to lift her shirt up, just enough to see her abdomen. To her absolute shock, what she revealed as she slowly pulled up her t-shirt was the stomach of an Olympic athlete. She probed with one hand while the other continued holding her shirt, relishing in the rock hard abs just granted to her.

"What the fuck? It fucking works?!"

"Looks like dinner's on you. How does it feel?"

"I've never felt anything like this before. My abs feel so powerful. This is unbelievable!"

"This is why I had to show you! Physical manipulation is only the start. There's so much to try!"

"We are going to spend the rest of the night figuring this thing out. I have so many other changes I want to make!"

"Oh, we definitely will. Let's not go too crazy yet, though. Singular changes seem fine, but who knows if there's some kind of limit to what this thing can safely do."

I was going to undo the change to Monica like I had done with myself, but she insisted I keep it as is. Probably no harm in that, I figured. I really wanted to dig into the Sensory options, so we checked that next. That menu consisted of each of the five senses; touch, taste, sight, smell, and hearing. Sight seemed interesting, so I selected that. Interestingly enough, this time the slider didn't start in the middle but rather off to the left a bit. Together we had concluded that this was due to her requiring glasses, so her vision was not within the realm of what would be considered "average" represented by the middle of the slider. I brought the slider about three quarters to the right and hit apply. A short moment later, Monica was visibly disoriented.

"I can't see! Everything's blurry!"

"Try removing your glasses."

"I - holy shit! I can see! I've needed glasses for as long as I can remember! This thing is incredible!"

After experimenting for a couple of hours with different physical, sensory, and mental options we were ready to just relax and talk through everything. By this point we both had the appearance of professional athletic models. Me with the bulky chest, broad shoulders, muscular arms and legs. Monica with the flawless skin, silky blonde hair, a sexy hourglass figure, impossibly perky breasts, and the most incredible ass imaginable. Needless to say, I was extremely ready to experiment with some sexual options on this now-goddess sitting beside me. There was an option I noticed in the Mental section labeled libido that we hadn't yet touched, but I was looking forward to trying out. I excused myself from our conversation by claiming to need the bathroom and headed out into the hallway where I could still get a clear view of Monica. In my absence she quickly turned her attention to her phone. Unlike the last option I had used, the libido setting was a bit beyond the middle already. 

Clearly Monica was enjoying the physical attributes I had adjusted for myself. I moved the slider slightly higher and tapped apply. This effect was much less drastic than the physical changes we had experimented with before. She looked confused for a few seconds, then refocused her attention on her phone as she awaited my return. I crept the slider up some more and applied again. This time she readjusted herself, wiggling her tight ass into the seat and pulling at her t-shirt as though she were feeling a little warm. For a moment I thought I saw her place a hand on one of her new, perfect breasts, but it could have been my imagination. I continued adjusting the slider to the right and applying, observing her reactions to the more subtle changes. By the time I reached about three quarters up the slider, she was visibly uncomfortable and removed her shirt, tossing it aside and feeling her new body up and down. She placed her hand between her thighs and began slowly grinding against it. I could hear little moans escaping from her mouth. 

I placed the slider near the top of the spectrum and applied the change. She was now moaning uncontrollably, getting louder and louder with each passing second. No longer capable of containing herself, she ripped off her jeans and removed her bra which was already straining to contain her exploding bust. Her right hand plunged into her panties and started working vigorously away at her sex while the other roamed her tight body and squeezed her breasts. I had never been so turned on in my life, watching this perfectly designed figure thrashing about in lust that originated from nothing.

I took some time to enjoy the show in front of me, watching Monica flail with more and more vigor as she built up to what was sure to be an astounding climax. It seemed as though, despite her raging libido and obvious intense pleasure, she was unable to actually orgasm. I decided to let her have it and dragged the slider to the max. Immediately she screamed, her beautiful chest heaving from the desperate breathing trying to catch up to the thunderous bliss tearing through her. Either she had built up so much tension in the teasing I had subjected her to or the maximum libido setting was enough to set any woman off into throws of passion instantly. No doubt I would find out the answer to that question in the future. After watching her cum for several minutes on end with no reprieve, I found myself in desperate need for release. I backed off her slider to about three quarters once more, just to keep her on edge but stop her endless orgasm. I slip the remote back into my pocket and make my re-entrance into the room.

"How you feelin'?", I asked.

"Oh my, God...that was the most intense, unbelievable orgasm I've ever had in my entire life. I just came for five minutes, and I'm just as horny as when it started. What did you do?!"

"Well, there's a libido section in the Mental menu that I --"

"I don't fucking care, I need you. Right now."

With a look of raw desire in her eyes, she grabbed me and tore my shirt off with a passion I've never experienced, followed quickly by my jeans. I had contemplated adjusting my own libido, but it was obvious that was entirely unnecessary. She reached in my boxers and pulled out my rock hard cock, instantly wrapping her lips around it in preparation for the most spectacular blowjob imaginable. Wasting no time, her mouth engulfed my member completely while her talented tongue danced around the tip. Between her tongue and the wonderful moans she was making, I knew I didn't have long, but she knew just when to stop and for precisely how long to keep me right on the edge for as long as possible. Somehow I was able to contain myself long enough to pull her mouth off of my cock and lay her on her back. I couldn't wait to fuck this breathtaking creature in front of me, and she certainly couldn't wait, either. I tore her panties off and, to my enjoyment, found that she was completely hairless.

"Surprise" she said with a voice so seductive it could've made me lose control right there and then. Apparently the remote allows for removing body hair, too. That was good to know. Unable to restrain myself any longer, I pushed into her soaking pussy. She was so wet I was able to enter with hardly any resistance. Immediately she started thrashing around. I could feel her tighten around me. My orgasm was approaching quickly as I continued to thrust into her harder and deeper, fueled by the sounds of Monica beneath me as she came over and over thanks to her still-enhanced libido setting. I couldn't take it any longer and finished inside of her, enjoying the most explosive orgasm in my life. It lasted for what felt like an eternity. I lost all connection with reality as I expelled my seed within Monica. When I could regain my composure, I noticed Monica had stopped thrashing, but still had a look of pure lust in her eyes. She was insatiable! Then it occurred to me; the remote still had her desperate for continued release. At some point during our vigorous fucking, the remote slid out of my pocket. I picked it up as I slowly removed myself from Monica, keeping her at bay as she beckoned at me for more, and pressed the 'Reset to Defaults' setting on the main screen. A moment later, Monica stopped groping me and collapsed in an exhausted, sweaty, naked, gorgeous mess on the floor.

"Fuck...that was...I'm exhausted."

"Best sex of my life, Monica. You were so fucking hot."

"Well, thanks. I couldn't do much to control myself, but I'll take it."

"You going to be alright?"

"Oh, yeah, I'll be fine. It's just - I've never felt so powerless to my own body before. I was so horny, I would've done anything to get that release. And before you came in, I was right on the edge but I just couldn't orgasm. That remote has some danger with it. You could drive a girl to the brink of insanity with the promise of the most intense cum of her life that never, well, comes."

"I hadn't thought of that. I definitely don't want to hurt anyone with this."

"But you can definitely have some fun. Don't let me ruin the moment with some post-climax deep thought. Let's not forget that was the most incredible sex either of us has ever experienced."

"True, and it's something I'll happily share with others."

"Damn right! That's not the last time you'll be using that on me, I can tell you that right now."

I chuckled. "If that's what you want! But for now, I'm spent, and I'd venture to guess you're pretty tired yourself."

"Just a tad."
