 It began with a series of beautiful, tall, muscular women appearing suddenly in the hinterlands. None of them was shorter than 6-foot-4, and the height ranged up to 6-foot-11. Fifteen sightings were confirmed in the United States within a week. More appeared worldwide: five in Africa, six in Asia, 12 in Europe, seven in Russia, nine in South America. Three even showed up in Canada, and three more in Central America. None of them were near cities, and when initially questioned by locals, it was, "Oh, we just moved into the neighborhood."

That explanation didn't hold up for long, as none of them had ID's. They did, however, all have odd-looking computerized hand-held devices that they would point at the male humans they encountered. They would repeatedly shake their heads at the results. No explanation was forthcoming.

Finally, one of them scanned me and did something different. She smiled at the result of the scan on her device. Then something very odd happened. The song "I Ran (So Far Away)" by A Flock Of Seagulls began playing [it sounded like it was coming from her device,] and I stood and stared at her. "I didn't know those things played music."

"They don't," she responded. "Only this one song. Is it a song you like?" I nodded. "Good. Let us listen."

As the words "A beam of light comes shining down on you" emerged from the device, a beam of pure green light actually DID come shining down on me. A similar beam of violet light shone on her, and I felt my body being lifted off the ground. "What the...?" I gaped, open-mouthed.

"A magnetic substance has been deposited on us," she replied. "A powerful electromagnet is pulling us upwards against the force of gravity. Electromagnetic forces, as you know, are much, much stronger than gravitational forces." I nodded again. "We will finish our rise soon."

In a moment, I entered what seemed to be a small cloud, but I very soon found a spaceship hidden within. "Whoa! Alien space-babe, is this for real?"

By now we were inside the ship. A panel in the bottom closed. Lights on the ceiling lit up the corridor. "Very real."

"Why?"

"I'd like to give you the standard spiel about some dread disease wiping out all our men, but the truth is that we're all scientists performing an experiment. We have plenty of men of our species on our home planet, but Thk'shaan decided to see if we could mate with your species. That's what the scanners were for, to find some male with a compatible genetic makeup."

"Who's Thk'shaan?"

"Our leader. Oh, I'm Blt'meehk."

"I'm Anteros, which means 'mutual love'."

"We will call you Fhk'diimv. That is the male name with the equivalent meaning in our language."

"Fair enough." I gave Blt'meehk my best smile.

"Oh, yeah," Blt'meehk giggled. "One more thing to do." She stripped, then removed my clothes for incineration. "We won't be needing these."

The ship zipped around and within the hour all the females had been picked up. I was surrounded by naked aliens. Thk'shaan proved to be a brunette. "So, you are the one whose genes are compatible with ours." She examined my body from all angles, walking around. "H'mmmm... I think you'll suffice for the task."

"When do we start?" I giggled, ogling Thk'shaan's marvelous body.

"Patience, Fhk'diimv," Thk'shaan replied. "As the saying goes on your planet, good things come to those who wait."

There was a hissing sound from my right, and a hypodermic needle slammed into my right shoulder, apparently fired from a dart gun. The full syringe of fluid flowed into my bloodstream, and in seconds I was unconscious. 

When I awoke, I was standing straight up, spread-eagled, my arms fully extended... 2 feet off the floor. What appeared to be beams of energy were coming from the floor and ceiling, surrounding my wrists and ankles. I didn't feel like I was restrained at all, although there was a slight warmth where the beams looped around my skin. I couldn't move my limbs even a millimeter. 

"It's only been 3 minutes," Thk'shaan grinned. "A drug similar to your planet's lidocaine." Various women, all naked, bustled around me, touching me with instruments, drawing blood samples and inserting things in my various orifices. The process didn't last very long. All the collected samples were put onto a large tray and a mechanical device lifted the tray vertically into an opening in the ceiling. "Our analyzer will have the results momentarily."

Blt'meehk returned with a strip of computer print-out. Thk'shaan studied it briefly and smiled. Two devices were attached, one to my scrotum with a small tube that went into me, and one into my rear opening. "Your bodily wastes will be disposed of before they ever leave your body," Thk'shaan explained. She gestured for me to open my mouth, and she poured a vial of odd-smelling but not unpleasant fluid into it. I swallowed it all. "Nutrition for your body. Now, the experiment begins."

Thk'shaan herself would be the first alien to try me out, I discovered. She gestured, and my body was rotated so that I was lying in the air horizontally, about 40 inches off the ground. Thk'shaan wrapped her hand around my pecker and quickly stroked it to hardness. I moaned softly. She leaned down to kiss me, and as she parted her lips, her tongue snaked out and met mine. It was forked like a snake's tongue, too. I imagined it running over my pecker, and got even harder.

She broke the kiss, removed her hand from around me, and lowered her chest to my face. I obediently began suckling her nipple. I felt some fluid squirt into my mouth. "Our mating milk," she explained. "You will now stay fully erect until you ejaculate." I switched my mouth to her other breast, then alternated between the two for a bit. Sure enough, my pole was harder than it had ever been even though I wasn't being touched.

Thk'shaan shifted her position, lowering her slit towards my face. It opened up like a flower and I could see a horde of tiny, wriggling tentacles seeking attention. I extended my tongue, and as she finished lowering herself, the tentacles grasped at my tongue and swarmed it. Her sexy moans made me quiver. Then I felt her tongue on my pole, and I gasped with pleasure. 

"You are skilled, Fhk'diimv," Thk'shaan husked. I was unable to respond, as the tentacles were now swarming all over my mouth and tongue. The taste of her was sweet and slightly tangy. I tried to swirl my tongue within her. It wasn't as easy as it would have been with a human, as the tentacles tended to resist the movement, but I was able to accomplish it. Thk'shaan laced her forked tongue up and down along my shaft, making me shudder. 

A sticky, hot fluid seeped through the mass of tentacles and into my mouth as Thk'shaan's body violently spasmed. Her legs locked around my head. When her climax was finished, she relaxed her legs and lifted herself off of me. She repositioned her body so that her slit was directly above my swollen pole.

I smiled encouragingly, and Thk'shaan slowly enveloped my pecker with her slit. The tentacles were everywhere, and driving me wild. "Oh my," I managed to pant. Thk'shaan didn't need to slide up and down. She simply fully lowered herself onto me and let the tentacles do the job of stimulating me. My voice became an incoherent babble interspersed with gasping moans.

"Now to finish you, Fhk'diimv," Thk'shaan purred. I felt one of the tentacles slide through the opening at the head of my cock and go inside me. I could feel it wriggling as it slithered into my balls. "There we are," she husked. "I will extract all your sperm now." The tentacle withdrew, and I felt my fluids being milked from my trapped cock. It felt good... but very different than anything I'd ever experienced.

Thk'shaan climaxed with me, then removed herself from me. "Our analyzer indicates it will take 20 minutes for your body to be ready for more, as you call it on your planet, lovemaking. You may rest for that interval."

20 minutes didn't seem like much time. Sure, my pole might be able to get hard again at that point, but would I have anything left in terms of cum? I let my eyes close. Seemingly in a blink, the time was up and another sexy alien was ready to extract my genetic material. 

This one was a redhead. "I am Ljk'huumd," she said by way of greeting, before kissing me. When her lips parted from mine, my rod was rising. "I hope you will perform equally well for me, Fhk'diimv."

"Let's find out," I replied. Ljk'huumd placed my pole between her breasts to get it hard before feeding me the shot of mating milk. She had me kiss much more of her than Thk'shaan had. I used my tongue on her neck, chest, belly, lower legs, upper legs, back and butt cheeks before licking her tentacled pussy. After climaxing several times using my tongue, she mounted me and climaxed several more times before using her ass to finish me. Her bumhole didn't have tentacles, but the tight fit made me climax quickly. 

I was washed and fed again, then suspended horizontally and given a chance to sleep. Three or four alien babes tried me out each successive day, until I had been intimate with all the crew members. Thk'shaan then ordered them all to finish me with their pussy the second time through the lineup, so that they had a deposit of my genetic material in their reproductive system. "We don't get pregnant the way you humans do," she explained. "We can consciously choose to send an egg out and have it be penetrated by your sperm... which is kept in a hidden pouch within our uterus and stored, fully potent, indefinitely." I nodded. "Then, once conception has been initiated, the embryo is transferred to the incubator room, and after it is developed the computer raises it to adulthood... which takes about 5 of your years. We then stay reproductively functional and as fully mature adults, both physically and mentally, for the rest of our lifetime. How old do you think I am?"

I looked her up and down. "36 of my years?"

She shook her head, laughing. "Try 456 of your years. There's not a member of my crew that isn't at least 330 of your years old."

"I'm only 24 years old," I laughed. "I guess that makes me the young 'un on this ship."

Thk'shaan nodded. "That is so, Fhk'diimv." She smiled. "And now for one last test. I'd like to see if you can pleasure us all consecutively without a break." She injected me with a syringe of blue liquid. "This will keep your penis erect even after ejaculation."

All sixty of the crew drew a number and lined up against the wall. The first five were no problem. By #15 I was very tired. By #33 I was exhausted to the point of almost passing out on the spot. Blt'meehk had drawn #60, and when she finally reached me I felt like I was literally going to die from overexertion. But what a way to go, I thought.

Thk'shaan suddenly put a large box around my head and told me to close my eyes. There was a flash of light and a humming sound, then nothing. She removed the box and gestured for Blt'meehk to have her turn. I could feel the energy leaving my extremities and being focused first in my core, than solely in my penis. As Blt'meehk approached climax, I knew it was my time. "For death and glory!" I panted. I ejaculated into her as she climaxed, and the world turned black.

An unknown amount of time later, I awoke. I looked down at myself. My body looked... different. I was much taller, better muscled, and my pecker was longer and thicker than I remembered it being. 

"Hello, Fhk'diimv," came Blt'meehk's voice. "Your human body failed right as you finished the final experiment. Thk'shaan recorded your brain state and imprinted it onto your new body. She used your sperm and one of her eggs to create it, and you have been kept unconscious for 18 of your years while you grew physically. The cross-breed doesn't grow as fast as our pure species."

"What now, Blt'meehk?" I inquired. 

"Our experiments are over," she smiled. "The results were radioed in years ago. But you are on a ship with 60 naked women that'll take 30 years to reach the nearest one of our planetary outposts. I'm sure you can think of something you want to do..."

I reached for her naked body. "I think it'll be a fun 30 years."