 Woeful Iscandar:
a plane of existence deep in the Abyss



Gorflkk was trying his best to please his mistress, but was having a somewhat difficult time of it as she stood in one of her bedchamber's enormous windows and cast her gaze across the foreboding landscape of Woeful Iscandar. As was true of all of Woeful Iscandar's populace, Gorflkk was a demon. A tenebrosus, to be exact. He and his kin were down among the lower ranks of demons but of higher station than dretches and quasits. In the Abyss, Gorflkk wielded little power but, in the realm of mortal beings (which he had visited a few times), he was more than a match for a score of warriors.

After all, he was a demon.

Gorflkk resembled a humanoid-like salamander, about eight hand spans high with slimy, brown skin and sickly yellow spots. His head was broad and flat with two bulbous eyes that stuck out on either side of it. The demon's three digited hands were busy roaming up and down the hot, ebony skin of his mistress's legs, leaving three wet trails behind them. His tail swished back and forth almost nervously as her scent tantalized his sensitive nostrils. Cautiously, he slipped his head between her legs. While his mistress enjoyed sex play, her moods could also be somewhat fickle. One moment, she could be ready for any one of a myriad of pleasures; the next, such things would be farthest from her thoughts.

Gorflkk's six, long, snake-like tongues slowly started to dance, wiggle and squirm in and around his mistress's most intimate parts, making her fragrant pussy increasingly wetter and more irresistible by the moment. He loved the taste of his mistress's juices and he could never get enough of them. Fortunately for him, she seemed to enjoy his ministrations and let him indulge, though, at her leisure. On rare occasions she would even have him copulate with her but what he truly liked was what he was doing at that very moment. Gorflkk knew he was a very fortunate demon.

As his tongues lapped, swirled and writhed in his mistress's pussy and asshole and laved over every bit of the surrounding flesh, Gorflkk gazed up at his mistress in near worshipful awe. Many were the stories he had heard about her and her glorious victories during the on-going Blood War against the devils of the Nine Hells. Gorflkk had been fortunate enough to be a foot soldier during a battle to repel the enemy from an incursion into an upper plane of the Abyss. As he held his own in a battle against a trio of imps, Gorflkk saw his future mistress slay one than another gelugon---devils that looked all the world like giant insects---in quick succession. In the aftermath, she had personally congratulated him on fighting with the courage befitting a tanar'ri, a "true" demon. Gorflkk did all he could to fight along side her at every opportunity, even going so far as to join an invasion force that eventually overthrew an entire world on the Material Plane: the realm of mortals.

While his mistress stood only a head taller than he, Gorflkk always felt and saw her as if she stood twice as high or more. Some of that feeling he attributed to his devotion to her and some of it to the power she exuded just by being present. Although she was by no means the most powerful demon in the Abyss---or Woeful Iscandar, for that matter---his mistress had very potent spells at her beck and call that could cause massive amounts of damage and even more chaos as a result.

She was also a beauteous sight to behold, and a power unto itself which she often employed to tempt mortals into ruin. Her skin was darker than the darkest night and emanated a heat that only hinted at the ardent passion raging within her. She possessed an otherworldly beauty marking her as someone who was both desirable yet dangerous. Brightly glowing yellow eyes seemed to pierce all of whom they surveyed to their very soul stared out at the world from below loosely hanging curls of luxuriant raven tresses that rolled gently down her back and shoulders---and between her large, bat-like wings. A strong, sinewy tail that began right at the top of the crease between the full cheeks of her ass tapered to a thumb-sized end at six spans long. Curved, blood-red talons tipped both her fingers and toes and were as deadly as they appeared to be.

She was a succubus.

A true tanar'ri.

Gorflkk had heard other demons, both lesser and greater, speaking ill about her behind her back, saying she had become corrupted by her visits to the Material Plane, how she was becoming less like a demon and more like a mortal because of her concern about her appearance. All this made Gorflkk's ichor-like blood seethe and boil. But none of those who spoke thus about her ever had the nerve to say it to her face. . . 

Except one.

And, even though the offending vrock---a tall demon that looked like a cross between a human and a vulture---was of a higher rank then Gorflkk's mistress, he was clearly less than competent on the field of battle. The personal dispute between the two demons ended as swiftly as Gorflkk's mistress was able to draw her blade. A moment later, the vrock's head slid from its long neck and landed on the floor with a satisfying wet thud.

In the many years since then, no one had voiced a disparaging word against her.

"Mmmmm! Yesss!" purred Gorflkk's mistress, in response to the attention he was paying her. "You know how to serve me well."

Gorflkk only smiled and continued tonguing his mistress instead of interrupting her titillation, with unnecessary banter, especially since the pleasure he was deriving was coming from what he was providing to her. He slithered his lingua all over between her legs. As one delved deep into her pussy, another was encircling and stroking her stiff clit; two of his tongues were proceeding to squirm their way past the tight ring of her anus while his remaining two licked and tickled all around the perimeter of her sexual region. Her juices were starting to flow more freely and had become somewhat thicker in consistency. The excited tenebrosus started moving his tongues faster. Gorflkk knew his mistress was getting close to a delectable climax and his taste buds were sending him into a near frenzy.

But a sharp slap between his eyes reminded Gorflkk that it was not he who was in charge.

"Slowly, you lout," the succubus commanded. "An event is transpiring at this very moment that will never happen again in the entire existence of the multiverse! I have been watching and waiting for this day for thousands of years and, now that it is here, you will keep me on the very edge of a climax so powerful as to make me swoon until I tell you exactly when to make me cum; not a moment before and, most certainly, not a moment after! Success will be rewarded----as will failure! Do I make myself clear to you, slave?"

"Yesss, my misstressss," Gorflkk said in a hissing, gurgling voice.

For the first time since his arrival in her private chambers, the tenebrosus could see that she held what looked like a black sphere in her hand and was gazing at it as he pleasured her. As he cast furtive glances up at her and the orb, Gorflkk could see that was about the size of a closed fist----and there was something inside it. In fact, three seemed to be many somethings in it.

Points of light.

Hundreds, perhaps even thousands of them.

There was a strange serenity that washed through Gorflkk's mind as he watched the lights spiral slowly around the bright center of the luminous disk. For an instant, Gorflkk felt as if he was seeing the entirety of existence. Fortunately for him, his reverie was short-lived and was broken when his mistress whispered a single word to the sphere.

"Tarka."

The effect was spectacular and almost mesmerizing. The luminous disk appeared as if it were expanding and continued to do so well after it had completely filled the black orb; the points of light grew bigger before becoming stretched out lines of brilliance that graduated in color from blue to red as they raced past. As the view provided through the sphere progressed, several colorful clouds of mixed reds, yellows, blues, and greens sped past. Gorflkk's mind noted that these clouds looked very different than those he recalled seeing during his visits to the Material Plane, they were many, many orders of magnitude larger and appeared to be motionless against the dark backdrop around them instead of their shapes constantly shifting. One of the formations reminded him of an orangish spider, another looked like a great eye, and, in a third, the tenebrosus actually imagined he could "see" the ghostly image of the horned, dog-like face of a glabrezu (a demon of moderate power), its mouth open in what appeared to be a laugh, in the center of the nebula.

As the visual journey continued in the orb, Gorflkk's six talented tongues continued their dance in and around his mistress's sex. The flow of her juices was now almost a steady stream and had coated Gorflkk's large rubbery lips with such a copious amount that, just as soon as the tenebrosus had licked them clean, there was more to replace what was cleared. Of course, Gorflkk was delighted by this. His mistress's taste was unlike anything he had experienced in all his days in the Abyss and was the only joy in his otherwise bleak existence.

Well. . . 

Perhaps not the only joy. There was the torturing of newly arrived souls to the Abyss, the battles of the Blood War, infrequent trips to the Material Plane to gather souls directly, being summoned by foolish wizards seeking more than they were prepared to surrender for the services of a demon (giving the summoned demon just cause to destroy them and claim their souls), making demons of lesser rank follow his orders and complete tasks appointed to him, being the sex toy for other she-demons who called upon his mistress to request a favor from her---though only when she commanded it, and other such distractions.

Hmmmmm. . . Gorflkk thought as he resumed feasting on the delectable nectar of his mistress's pussy. Perhapsss thingsss are better than I thought.

"Ooooohhh!" Gorflkk's mistress moaned. "You've got six of the most talented tongues I've ever had licking me at the same time." Locking her intense gaze to his, she commanded him lustily, "Expose your maleness and stroke it as you continue to lick me. Take delight in the sensations you give yourself but do not neglect me in the least. Keep pace with me, and cum when I do, and perhaps I will be of a mind to reward you with something you greatly desire." With that, she gave him a slow, knowing wink.

Gorflkk smiled. While he did not especially care for fucking other demons, this tenebrosus did take pleasure in masturbating. If others were to know of his preference, they may think of him as being that much less of a demon because of it. Their thoughts would run something along the lines of: Why would you not want to fuck a demon of higher station?! Such a thing is an honor! Besides, it could lead to the siring of more demons! Normally, demons and devils see their numbers grow by one through the death of each corrupt individual when its soul departs the mortal realm. But, having been mortal once, those demons and devils equipped with sex organs were more than capable of producing progeny that would be of the same true type as either genitor. Gorflkk had heard of demons who took great delight in taking mortal lovers for the specific purpose of creating cambions: half-blooded demons who were as much at home in the Abyss as they were on the Material Plane.

As he continued tasting, teasing, and pleasing his mistress, Gorflkk reached down and placed his spread open hand over the bulge that was forming just above the crux of his legs. When he pressed on either side of the middle of the protuberance, out popped the mauve-colored head of the tenebrosus's cock. With a bit more pressure, the rest of his slimy demonhood slid completely out of its protective pouch, fully engorged. His was reddish-purple in color, about a hand span long and almost as wide as two of the demon's digits; the thick veins pulsing with his dark blood, criss-crossing and encircling the entire length, served as an enhancement to further thrill his sex partner as he rammed it into her cunt, over and over again. In addition, he was able to flex and move his cock like a tentacle, something he liked to do to surprise his temporary lover.

By keeping his eyes open and trying to be a good student of observation, Gorflkk had learned a long time ago that his sex root was about average in size for a demon but he had also noticed that every different type of "male" demon had something distinctly unique about the shape of their member. The trait among tenebrosi----and a major reason more powerful demons tormented them so----was because of the small, upward-angled nub situated a finger's width above the base of their penis, on the top side. It looked, acted, and was almost as sensitive as a female's clitoris although its function was to secrete a scent marker that would identify that specific tenebrosus as being mated to another, however, the scent could only detected by other tenebrosi.

Gorflkk placed his hand around his shaft and began to stroke it up and down. Every so often, he would rub a finger against his nub for a bit more pleasure, a motion he started making with increasing regularity. He kept a steady rhythm going so as to try and keep pace with his mistress and climax at the same time as she. Gorflkk had no doubt as to her keeping her word and rewarding him for a satisfying tryst at a moment very important to her. For a while, he had been noticing a tenebrosus scullery maid noticing him at various times around the massive keep as he trailed behind his mistress. Because of his mistress's sexual appetite, Gorflkk had thus far been unable to find time to introduce himself to her and, if he was lucky, get to fuck her nice, fleshy poon. Every time he saw her, his pouch would swell and his thoughts would turn very lusty. Because his mistress liked to bed both sexes, Gorflkk had given some thought to suggesting to her that she include a female tenebrosus to her sexual attendants but had not wanted to tip his hand as to what he had in mind for his own pleasures. But, if he were to judge by what she had just told him, it sounded as though she already knew.

To Gorflkk, it was just further proof as to the power she wielded. While she did not rule Woeful Iscandar, he still venerated her to the point of worship----and feared her almost as much. Loyalty, or an extremely convincing facsimile of it, to one's mistress or master was an attribute highly prized by those in power in the Everdark and yielded rewards just as quickly as providing good sport for them in the bedchamber; some times, even sooner. Gorflkk was determined to remain by her side for as long as he was able, doing her bidding, knowing the day would eventually come when she would lay claim to a plane somewhere in the vast depths of the Abyss to rule as her own.

On that day, the Dark Ones willing, he would still be at her side as her ever-dutiful servant. He would play the waiting game, let her continue to reward him, take his punishment when he deserved it, maintain his observations of those around him in the keep and throughout Woeful Iscandar, and forge alliances with those who whispered their discontent with the way things were behind closed doors and build his own network of informants who answered only to him. Gorflkk knew that such aspirations and dreams were currently beyond him and his meager powers but he had his mistress's example to provide him all the inspiration he needed. It seemed almost impossible to believe that his formidable mistress had once been a succubus whose presence in the Everdark was hardly anything of note. But, over the course of thousands of years, as mortals would experience them, she had risen to become Warmistress of Woeful Iscandar's Sixth Horde. As far as Gorflkk was concerned, if she could do it, so could he.

After all, in the eternity of the Abyss, there was always plenty of time.

As Gorflkk stroked his cock, some thick, greenish-yellow ooze seeped out of his piss hole. The fluid's odor could be best be described as being to a skunk-like, though not quite as pungent. Gorflkk spread the lubricant all over his erect organ, giving it a deep purple luster in the waning, otherworldly twilight above the plane. As his hand pistoned up and down his length, the viscous fluid warmed a bit and made his demonhood feel tingly. During tenebrosus mating, the male was able to release this liquid into his partner's sex, thereby facilitating an easier coupling while being able to enjoy a longer session due to the numbing agent in it.

There, Gorflkk thought as he twisted two of his tongues together, deep into his mistress's pussy, as he massaged the secretion onto his cock. That should help to keep me from cumming too sssoon and there'sss alwaysss more where that came from.

Gorflkk glanced back up at the orb his mistress was still holding and staring at, intently. Within it, he could still see the points of light still flying past. Then a single, red point appeared in the center of everything, rapidly growing until it filled about half the blackness of the sphere. With equal abruptness, another point of light appeared, also increasing in size until it became a colorful, slowly rotating sphere of blue, green, brown, and white. But the smaller orb did not glow with its own light, merely reflecting the light emanating from its superior. In a moment of understanding, Gorflkk realized that what he was seeing were not just lights but stars similar to the ones he had seen while on the Material Plane and he was watching an unnamed world and its parent sun from hundreds---perhaps even thousands---of miles above it.

I wonder, the tenebrosus pondered, Why isss she ssso interesssted in the fate of thisss particular world? What isss it to her? What isss her connection to it? Gorflkk's unasked question would remain unanswered. He suspected it had something to do with his mistress's past but he dared not question her. After all, she was his superior.

Instead, he would be patient.

He would watch and listen.

And he would learn.

*  *  *

his tongue drilling is just simply. . .sinful! Gorflkk's mistress mused as she felt the heat in her loins begin to climb again as her sexual vassal kept her hovering near the brink of release. They may not be worth a pile of nalfeshnee shit on the battlefield but they do know how to work their tongues! Her glowing yellow eyes never strayed from their vigil on the scene taking place within the enchanted orb. For countless years, she had been awaiting this day, this moment. Even as she had witnessed its beginnings herself, o so long ago, the end, this end, had been plainly evident. The signs were there to be read---to those smart enough to know what to look for and understood what they saw.

She had been one of them----even though she had been labeled a heretic and. . .

But she knew she had not been alone in her discovery. She had heard the rumors. She had seen some of the town elders meeting with others who looked to be elders themselves and representatives of the sovereign.

They knew.

The oath-bound court sages would have told them just as soon as they would have been certain of it themselves. Of course, tidings of dire misfortune and doom could have been used to undermine the rule of the sovereigns the world over. And that would never do. No, best to keep things quiet. Tell all in power to maintain the status quo in their fiefdoms----and silence anyone who threatened to reveal what they knew about the signs. It was better for everyone to believe that everything was fine, nothing amiss, than to tell them otherwise. The people needed stability, not chaos. And the only way to provide that steadfastness was to maintain the rule of the sovereigns.
