 The past two years swirled by me in an instant-my husband, Aedinius, leaving for battle, the news of his death, the pain and sorrow, the love and happiness I found in my servant master, Jareth. And Aedinius, battered, bruised, and torn, standing in front of me again. 

I opened my eyes and saw both Aedinius and Jareth kneeling beside me. I feigned faintness, not knowing what else to do, and closed my eyes again. Aedinius lifted me up and carried me up to my room. Our room, I reminded myself. He placed me gently on the bed and laid beside me. He brushed my hair out of my face gently, his touch as featherlight as I recalled. I opened my eyes to make sure I wasn't dreaming. 

I touched his face. He was really there. He was really there! I threw my arms around him and kissed him, crying. He winced in pain. 

I stopped, frozen. He was close to tears as he rolled onto his stomach. It was then I saw the torn fabric of his tunic and the lashings on his back. He had been beaten. I pleaded with him to tell me everything. 

Aedinius told me of how he had been wounded in battle, almost his entire battalion lost and he left for dead on the battlefield. He lay there dying, crying for the first time in his life because he would never see his wife again. A soldier from the enemy horde heard his sobs and came to him, just watching the tears stream down his face. Others joined, watching this fallen man cry. At last the group of soldiers parted and an older man-maybe a captain or general?-came to him and knelt down to his side. 

"Why do you cry soldier? Is the pain that unbearable? I can end it for you quickly," he said. 

"Tiaret," was all Aedinius could say before he closed his eyes. 

He finally woke, thinking himself walking in Elysium Fields. He felt no pain. He looked around the room he was in and found it inviting, comforting-except for the bars on the windows and lock on the door. 

The door opened. The older man from the battlefield walked in, followed by a tiny woman, nude though covered in tattoos.

The man closed and locked the door behind him and just stood there as the woman approached Aedinius. She bent over him and checked the dressings on his wounds. When she was done, she turned to the man and nodded. He smiled at her and nodded in return. 

The woman pushed Aedinius flat on to the cot, mumbling words and removing his clothes. He tried to ask her the million questions running through his mind but could neither speak nor move, as if by magic. His clothing now gone and he unable to move, she started moving her hands over his body, touching him everywhere. 

The mystic woman then took Aedinius' cock into her hand. She moved it up and down his shaft, then flicked her pierced tongue over the tip. He wanted to shudder at the sudden pleasure he felt but he could not move. She worked him to a full hard-on, impressed with his full size. She had never seen such a long cock in her life!

She took his entire length into her mouth, working her lips up and down his full 10 inches, taking it deep into her throat. She sucked on his cock with a fury, making Aedinius want to scream. He could feel his seed boiling in his balls, screaming for release. He could feel the insides of her cheeks massaging his dick, her tongue pressed against the throbbing vein underneath. When the sensations became too much, his body exploded, shooting his cum down her throat. Wave after wave spurted forth, with the woman swallowing every drop, until he was completely spent. 

The woman stood up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. "He'll do," she said to the man, then smiled at Aedinius as she left. He was now able to move again. He sat up and looked at the man, wondering what in the Nine Hells was going on. 

"You belong to her now," he said wickedly. "As long as your seed is in her, you will not be able to leave. You will stay and fight for her, in the arena. You will kill other men in sacrifice to her, for her enjoyment. You are now one of her gladiators."

I was horrified. My husband had almost died, was captured by the enemy, and was going to be made to fight and kill-and possibly be killed-for sport, all while she loved another. What was I going to do. I listened as Aedinius continued his story...