 I woke slowly, enjoying the warmth of my lover curled up behind mr. I snuggled into him, loving the feel of his furry chest against my back. But something was amiss. I didn't feel his soft hair, but rather smooth skin behind me. Then it all came flooding back to me. 

Aedinius. He was alive, and he was home. He cheated death and survived torture to find his way back to me. I felt as though my heart should be soaring, but it wasn't. I loved him so-he was my first love and the man I had always dreamed of marrying. He was my gift from the Gods. But so was Jareth. 

Aedinius stirred behind me, wrapping his arms around me and pulling me close. His fingertips brushed against my breasts and I could feel her pulse racing. I could feel his bulge pressing against my bum, his breath on the back of my neck. Gods, how this man stirred my soul!

I turned to face my husband. He opened his eyes and gave me a lazy smile, then brushed his lips against mine. That was all it took for the warmth that surrounded me to culminate between my thighs. 

Aedinius crushed his mouth against mine as we pulled each other close. We groped every part of each others' bodies, trying to remember what the other felt like. He broke our kiss to kiss my neck, my throat, my breasts. He circled my perpetually erect nipples with his tongue, grasping one with his teeth and flicking his tongue over the tip. I arched my back in delight, grinding my hips against his. 

Aedinius dipped his hand between my thighs, feeling how wet I had become. His fingers explored my pussy, caressing it, reveling in its silkiness. His finger delved deeper, penetrating me. I gasped as he slowly worked his finger in and out, probing inside of me for my most sensitive spots. 

The sensations from his mouth on my breast and his finger inside me made me light headed. I reached down and grasped Aedinius' cock and started stroking it fiercely, signaling my urgent need. Now it was his turn to gasp, a moan escaping from him as I set him ablaze. He pulled me underneath him and in one deft stroke he plunged his dick into my warm, wet cunt. 

We both felt the urge to cum right away, the pleasure of reuniting so familiar to us yet so intense. He thrust his hips into me with a great need. He held me tight and kissed me as he pumped his aching cock in and out of me at a wanton pace. He could feel my passion rising, swallowing my moans with his kisses. He could feel my pussy clamp down on his rod as I came and he fought back his own need to cum, not wanting the pleasure to end. He kept driving into me as he could feel my orgasm subside and another one begin to build. This time he did not hold back and we both screamed out in ecstasy as we came together. 

We collapsed onto the bed together, exhausted from our lovemaking. Aedinius apologized for it not lasting longer and I just laughed. We were together again and happy, and that was all that mattered to me. 

We dressed and went downstairs for breakfast, which Jareth and the other servants had prepared and had waiting for us. When I saw Jareth, my heart jumped then plummeted into my stomach. I love this man, too. How could I choose between the two?

Aedinius was all smiles. He approached Jareth and shook his hand. "Thank you for caring for my wife in my absence, good man. This woman means the world to me."

Jareth looked grim, but returned his handshake. "It wasn't a difficult task. I love her and she means the world to me as well."

The room went deathly silent. Aedinius dropped Jareth's hand. Then he swung out, his fist connecting with the larger man's jaw. Jareth staggered back a bit, but stood his ground. He knew Aedinius was hurting and would take whatever blows he dealt him to help him deal with his pain. He did not, however, expect him to draw one of the two swords hanging behind their family crest and lunge at him. 

As the sword came rushing towards him, Jareth ducked and rolled from its path. He grabbed the second sword and intended to defend his life. He hoped he could do this without injuring Aedinius, for doing so would hurt his beloved Tiaret. 

Neither man was inefficient with a sword. In his rage, Aedinius held nothing back. He hacked and slashed at Jareth, who parried and spun around, smacking him down with the flat of the blade. He got up and lunged at him again. This time, as Jareth tried to spin away, Aedinius doubled back and spun with him, drawing blood from his off shoulder. The two squared off and re-engaged, swords flying and slamming each other as each man parried the others' blows. Above the din of metal clashing, they heard my bloodcurdling scream. They both stopped and turned. 

I was pinned to a wall by a man who was even larger than Jareth. Aedinius saw the older man from the battlefield, his sword drawn and the tip at my neck. 

"You took my love away from me," he said smoothly, yet with anger and vengeance in his eyes. "It seems only fitting that I take yours as a replacement. Don't worry, though. I will use her up thoroughly before I dispose of her."

Jareth looked at Aedinius, true fear in both mens' eyes. There was only one thing they could do-they had to work together to save the woman they both loved.