 2 years later...

My name is Tiaret. I lay here broken in body, mind, heart and soul to tell my tale-a tale of death, life, love, and everything that goes with it. 

I lived a good life with a good man, my soul mate, whom I loved dearly. My Aedinius was called to his duty to the Empire, and months later I received word of his death. My world was destroyed but in the wake of that destruction I found rebirth, a new world, a new love. My slave master, Jareth, cared for me when I thought I could no longer care for myself, and loved me when I thought love was dead to me. 

After a year's time, I grew to love Jareth even though I would never forget my Aedinius. My Aedinius-through his love for me he survived a lost battle, imprisonment, and slavery at the hands of an evil witch. I was now torn between two men whom I loved dearly. 

Aedinius' return to me was not without its price. He had killed the witch who enslaved him, and her lover hunted Aedinius down bent on revenge. He found Aedinius and Jareth locked in battle, Aedinius in a rage over Jareth's love for me, and so took me hostage intent on killing me the way my husband has taken his love. Aedinius and Jareth fought the man's henchmen and killed the man who raped, tortured, and tried to kill me. I almost died at his hands, and might have had it not been for the two men whom I loved, and loved me in return. 

These two good men, both so different yet both posessing goodness, kindness, and love. As a soldier, Aedinius knew how to field-dress a wound, stop the bleeding, and stabilize me, but he could do no more than that. Jareth had sent one of the house slaves to fetch the physician, and upon his arrival he gave me medicines to help me heal inside and out. For months these two good men took care of me, but it took its toll on both of them. 

While Jareth continued to run the household as was his job, Aedinius sat by my side. He would have the cook prepare my favorite meals and bring them to me in bed, insisting I take it easy while I recovered. He would talk to me about how much he loved me and what our life together would be like when I was well.

When Aedinius would leave to report to his new commander, Jareth would hold my hand and attempt to comfort me with his words. He would wipe the sweat from my fevered brow, hold my hair back when I was sick. He would rub my body with healing oils and change the dressings on my wounds. He would kiss my forehead and tell me he loved me and he looked forward to building a life with me once I was better. 

I was seldom alone in my room, but when I was I would hear the fighting as loudly and clearly as if it were just outside the door. Aedinius would remind Jareth the he was my husband, and in turn Jareth would tell him that I had moved on after news of his death. While I got stronger each day, so too would Jareth and Aedinius' insistence that I choose whom to be with. 

The day came when the physician removed the dressings where my wounds had been, perfectly healed scars in their place. He helped me up and walked me around, and pronounced me well enough to rehabilitate myself. Months of lying in bed had left me weak, and he insisted I start moving around more to rebuild my strength. As he walked from the room, both Jareth and Aedinius looked at me expectantly. 

My heart broke to see them both there, knowing I would hurt one of them. I couldn't stand it any longer and broke into sobs. They both rushed to me, each taking a hand and trying to console me. Jareth kissed my forehead; Aedinius kissed my cheek. 

"I cannot bear to break either of your hearts, I love you both so much!" I told them between breaths. "You are my wife," Aedinius said, "I will always love you. We will start our lives over and forget the pain of the past."

"I love you, my Tiaret. I will always care for you and we will build the life we talked about, dreamed of," Jareth stated. 

It seemed as though the two men would start arguing again, but Aedinius merely staked his claim by kissing me full on the mouth until I could no longer breathe. As I gasped for air, Jareth grasped my hair and kissed me with more passion than Aedinius had. 

Gods how I loved them both! But I could not let this continue. "I cannot choose," I told them, "I'm sorry." I started crying again, so hard I did not notice them leave. Neither man could accept that I loved them both. 

Aedinius left to make a new life for himself as the new captain of the guard. He fought harder than any man there, fighting to forget me and what he perceived as my betrayal. He would die some short time later defending the Emporer from an assasination attempt. He received a warrior's funeral, though the words "Beloved Husband" were left off his grave stone. 

Jareth had also struck out on his own, chosing to apprentice with the physician. He wanted to help heal others the way he helped me. He became a skilled healer, though after a year he also died. When the plague came to the capitol, he contracted it while caring for the children at the orphanage, caring for them when no one else would. 

From time to time they would come and visit me, ask me if I had chosen yet. Because I could not, they both died alone and with broken hearts. So now I am alone, without either man that I had grown to love. I suppose it is my pennance for my indecision. My own life is drawing to a close now. I have succumbed to my own despair and melancholy, and the belladonna the physician brought me will take effect at any moment. But before I go I bring a message of hope-never fear love. Yes, it may bring the most profound pain you will ever know, but having found true love twice in my life was worth that and more.