 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 75: Infiltration

While Ashyr, Tsabdrin, and Althaia were doing their thing in Faust's old chambers, Selene had just finished her just-before-bed snack that she had sent to her room. She curled up on the bed completely naked, as she preferred to sleep when her brother wasn't there. In fact, there had been a strange lack of anything sexual in whichever rooms they stayed in, with Ashyr galavanting across the city and Tsabdrin there. 

Caleldir's libido was nymphen, of course, but it took a bit of work to get it going. Most of the time it was dormant, with his thoughts elsewhere. So he was not all that upset about his recent chastity. Granted, this was pretty much the first night he had not had a sleepless, morose ghost watching him, and the first that Tsabdrin was not sleeping one bed over, but his thoughts had not gone any farther than thinking that Selene, even when a little more pregnant than before, still looked good naked. 

"I think we're by ourselves tonight," Selene mentioned to Caleldir casually. "Ashyr said something about surprising Althaia and taking my brother with her." She made a face at the passing thought of her brother naked with those two, but her nose was still in the book she was reading. The mage was paying a bit more attention to the pages in front of her than to what she was saying.

"Althaia will be wanting to get some time in with us before we part ways," Caleldir noted. "She has grown quite attached to us since she first joined our group." He glanced over at Selene. "You know, she is an even better masseuse than I am. Perhaps you should spend some time with her. She would appreciate it."

Selene sighed, and let her hand that held her book fall to her lap. "Spend time with her? Alone?" The mage asked as if it was the biggest chore in the world. She shifted deeper into the bed, and pulled the blankets up to her stomach. Not that she needed them with the ever-present climate control her ring gave her. But there was something comforting about having blankets covering her. "I do like massages... but she's a paladin. She's supposed to be my natural enemy. Or something to that effect."

"Has she ever acted judgmental or hostile to you?" Caleldir inquired. "I mean, sometimes she can act disapproving, but that is about it. And she does share your regard for... well, a lot of topics. She is endlessly interested in spellcraft and arcana, I am sure she would love to hear you talk on them. She may not be very knowledgeable, but she is curious and a fast learner. She is really not your enemy. Especially now that you do not even ping as evil when she looks at you." He chuckled. "Sorry if that is a bit of a sore spot. You still do register as very Lawful to me."

"Well, no. She's been generally polite. It's the principle of the thing." Uncomfortable, Selene shifted more into the bed. At the same time, she curled closer to Caleldir until her breasts pressed against him and one of her legs was draped over one of his. Her book was completely forgotten at the side of the bed. 

"Lolth, my mother would be so disappointed with me. She'd say I'd gotten soft or something. I blame you for this," she accused half-heartedly.

Caleldir was happy to wrap his arm around Selene and pull her a little closer to him. "Well, if your mother would be disappointed, then it seems to me that the best thing to do would be to surpass her. Remember that good does not mean soft. Cruelty is unnecessary for efficiency. Maybe we can even plot to carve out our own little empire! How would your mother feel about you being a queen or an empress? We already have Port Afron, and will soon have Duskhaven. After that, well, the sky is no limit at all!"

"If I wanted to rule, I could have let you and Ashyr die back then, in the woods. It wouldn't have worked out for me, but I didn't know that then. Even if we did build our own kingdom, Ashyr would be queen. I guess I can ask her if we can share in the queenship. That would be more than my mother accomplished. Our matron, her sister, did not share her title. Mother wasn't even near the top of the list if the matron died. Even so, Mother would be disappointed that I accomplished it at the cost of my character. 

"But I don't even know if I want the title. Sometimes it's nice to sit and imagine being a rich and powerful queen. But it my imaginings, I'm just sitting on a pile of wealth with pretty men fulfilling my every desire. Actual queenship is more involved." Selene explained. Her voice was soft, her expression contemplative. "I'm not even sure if I hate the fact that Mother would be disappointed or if I simply... I don't know. 'Miss her' seems an awfully strong way to put it. Drow do not miss their mothers like you surface worlders do. But..." Selene trailed off and shrugged, unable and unwilling to find the words for how she felt.

"With my mother being an undead Archfey of some type, I am not sure how to relate to your position. All I can say is that if you are looking to impress a dead drow, I am not sure how that is really possible. In general, I think that drow are impressed by people powerful enough to hurt them without risking themselves. So really, all you have to do is be in a powerful enough position that other drow cannot talk crap about you for fear of what you would do to them. Evil alignment not needed."

"Impress a dead drow. Makes it sound stupid. I can't impress her; I'm pretty sure her soul was destroyed, like they did-" Selene stopped her words abruptly, and let out a heavy sigh. This was a really depressing conversation. 

There was a visible grimace on Caleldir's face. "That sounds horrible," he exhaled. What could he say to a woman whose mother and daughter had both had their soul's shredded? "I do not know what I can say to that, since nothing I could ever say or do would make up for it. But I will promise that we will make sure that our daughter will not suffer a similar fate." He smiled grimly. "For I have made sure that no one will be strong enough to do that. Not once she is full grown."

Selene wrapped her arm around Caleldir and squeezed slightly when he made his promise. It wasn't the first time he said such a thing, but it still made her feel better about that situation.

"I'll just... continue to gather power, as you say. That can't completely dishonor her memory." But saying that didn't make Selene feel any better about the situation. She had no idea what she wanted. She did know that things that defined who she was for over a hundred years changing, and it was unsettling. She also knew that she missed her old life.

"I'd talk to Ashyr about it, but I've barely had the chance to say a word to her since Phanuel woke." Another sigh of discontent, but this time it was more out of annoyance than sadness. "When she was in Duskhaven, she would at least come back to the manor to sleep."

Caleldir sighed and shook his head. "Is it just me, or has she gotten more... flighty recently? I mean, I lo- I like her and all, but she seems to be becoming a bit more immature as of late."

"I wouldn't say immature," Selene corrected primly. "Easily distracted, perhaps. There are things here that she cannot do down there... she could just be getting it out of her system. I hope. Maybe tomorrow I can remind her that we exist, too. And we're far more loyal to her than any of them could ever be." There was a definite hint of jealousy in her voice. She shifted until she was all the way in Caleldir's lap, and her head was rested on his shoulder.

He adjusted his arms so that they were wrapped around her waist. Given it was just the two of them, he was not wearing anything more than she was; her body began to have the predictable effect on him. Selene's mind was just as much on other things as Caleldir's. So much so, that she didn't really notice when his body responded to hers though it meant that his cock would begin to press against her womanhood. And if her body was responding in kind, it would take her a while to realize.

"I have only known Ashyr for a few months, and though she is behaving more manically than I have seen her before, I have not had centuries of experience with her to form a truly profound conclusion. I will just say that I have faith that she will eventually realize what we are compared to them." He would have said a lot that was far more gushy and sappy, but Selene was not fond of that sort of thing. Instead, he just put a soft kiss on Selene's neck.

"Well, the most we must wait is a week. Ashyr will be stuck with us when we start to travel. Then maybe we can show her- do you hear that?" Selene interrupted herself suddenly then fell quiet, listening. 

Softly - far too soft for those on the other side of the castle, where Ashyr, Althaia, and Tsabdrin were entangled together - there came the sound of a woman's voice. Or perhaps it was two or three. Then again, it sounded like a very convincing mournful sigh of the wind. It was sort of windy up this high in the castle.

"Hear what?" Caleldir asked, craning his head. He heard the wind in the night, and perhaps distant singing. Or something similar. "I hear many things... maybe the Rusalka in the sewers are singing and it is carried to us by evening winds?" It was quite dark outside. He yawned. "It is probably nothing." 

Selene shrugged. He was probably right. The rusalka wouldn't very well be able to get anywhere near the two of them. Naked women with wild, living hair would not get very far within the city, and - as far as she knew - they couldn't use the teleport circle within the castle. She was just hearing things.

Snuggling against Selene and the bed a little, he closed his eyes. "This is a good way to sleep."

"Mmm..." she hummed in agreement. She lifted her head to press her full lips against his neck, and her hips shifted into him further. Selene didn't really notice it was happening, but heat was definitely rising in her body in a strange sort of sleepy arousal. Finally her thoughts drifted towards idly trying to remember the last time she orgasmed.

Caleldir definitely noticed the effect that Selene was having on him now. In contrast to the rest of his relaxed body, his manhood now throbbed painfully with desire. He sighed against the kiss Selene laid on his neck. "Perhaps we should have a little fun before we drift off to sleep." He suggested in a whisper. "I mean, I do not have a grumpy ghost tiefling watching me anymore, so..."

"That's right," Selene responded, as if only just realizing the fact. Faust's presence had been in the back of her mind, too, the past couple of days. She didn't want to give him the pleasure of watching her couple with Caleldir, so she had refrained from starting anything. It wasn't that difficult a decision, with Ashyr gone and Selene's mind on other things. Now, however... 

The drop then sat up, and properly felt how aroused Caleldir was. A small, wicked smile graced her lips. "You want a bit of fun, do you?" she asked in a falsely mocking tone. Her hips then shifted just enough to give him the brief sensation of her soft and increasingly wet lower petals against his manhood. "I don't think I've ever heard that request from your lips. Not directed at me, anyway." The request seemed to please her, though, even if she was beginning to put up her usual domineering front.

Caleldir blushed a little. "Well, no, I am not in the habit of asking such things. Actually, this may be the first time that I have explicitly requested sex from someone. At least in this way. Usually I have been having more sex than I can properly handle. But not recently." His hands stroked along Selene's body, one cupping her breast for a moment before continuing down to her hips. "And I do enjoy being with you, Selene."

"How far the celibate virgin has fallen," Selene said. Though the words could be interpreted as mocking, there was a softness in her voice and warmth in her eyes. 

He grinned sheepishly in response. "Do not remind me," he said with something like glumness. "This is your fault, after all. You and your taking of my celibacy, and then Ashyr and her constant prodding for me to sleep with... too many people... But you know that I like it." He admitted. This would be where he told Selene that he loved her, but he did not think that she did well with that word. Not yet at least. But he was looking forward to a loving moment between the two of them.

Selene leaned forward to place a gentle kiss on his lips, and her hand fell between their legs to being idly - lovingly, even - stroking his manhood.

Such a lovely moment for three fey women to so rudely interrupt. 

For it was then that Rostimira, flanked by Katia and Mirjana, slipped into the room in all their naked, flowing glory. Their voices thrummed in that mournful melody that could almost be mistaken as just the wind. The song infused the air with magic, lulling anyone nearby into peaceful slumber. Those who weren't immune to such things, anyway. They were still quiet enough that Althaia and the other drow wouldn't hear a thing.

"What are you three doing up here?" he hissed. He should have known that they could come up into the castle...

Selene, of course, was immune to sleep spells as well. She had been more vulnerable to their siren song, since it didn't have a sleep effect. And she had been particularly unlucky at that moment, for whatever reason. The drow didn't leave Caleldir's lap (not that she could, since he was gripping her.) Instead, she turned around and gave the entering females a Dirty Look. "You three are going to have to wait for him to come to you," she ordered as she pointed a finger back out the door.

... and she might as well have been speaking to a wall, considering how little the three fey reacted to her orders. They stalked forward, smiles on their singing faces. They wanted to be sure that the rest of the castle would be too busy sleeping to notice three women molesting one (or two) of their occupants. Their hair flowing forward to caress and grasp at the loving couple, they joined drow and half-nymph on the bed. 

Finally, Rostimira spoke while the other two continued their duet. "He hasn't come to us in a while. We didn't want you to forget about us."

Caleldir was not fast enough to get away from the flowing hair. "It has been barely four days." He noted. "I definitely did not forget about you. But this is not the time." 

Honestly, he probably would have happily skipped town without seeing them again, but he was not going to tell them that.

"Well, if you had come to see us earlier we would not interrupt. Really, you should think of these things," Rostimira explained with a smug little smile. 

Caleldir gritted his teeth. Rostimira's smug expression annoyed him. A lot. Sure, Goelon had made that awful deal with them that he was to give them daughters. And sex for fun too, apparently, but Caleldir did not like being whored out like that. Not even by his alter-ego, so he had no intention of coming to them at all unless it became necessary. Which, it seemed like it soon would. He tried to hold Selene on his lap. "Go back!" he hissed. "If you do, I will..." he gulped, then slumped, defeated. "I will spend all day tomorrow with you." He said glumly. It seemed that he could not avoid fulfilling the terms of this deal...

The door - which had been locked behind the rusalka - banged open. In its frame stood the shirtless, heroic figure of a very angry Phanuel. The aasimar stood with his shoulders back, his leanly muscled frame puffed up, and his head high in extreme disapproval. His silver-blue hair somehow found wind to tug at it and blow in his face dramatically. It was a sight to make a damsel in distress swoon and a villain quake with anger. Though, in reality, it had pretty much the opposite effect. The rusalka turned to him with wide-eyed adoration and Selene let out a frustrated growl at the fourth person to interrupt what was supposed to be a nice night alone with Caleldir.

"I told you and your girls never to set foot in the castle, Rostimira." Phanuel said in a quiet voice somehow far more intimidating than if he had growled or shouted.

Selene let out a sigh. She didn't know if she was relieved or annoyed at him. He did distract the rusalka, but he also saw the two who were supposed to be there in a fairly embarrassing situation. Clothing materialized on her body, because he certainly wasn't worthy of seeing her naked. Then she sat where she was in Caleldir's arms and waited for the scene to unfold. 

"Girls, this is Phanuel. We reincarnated Faust," Caleldir said simply. "Hence his talking like he knows you."

The singing abruptly stopped. "Lord Fau-"

"Phanuel." The aasimar corrected firmly before Rostimira could speak his old name. "What are you doing here, and why are you molesting these people?"

"We were promised daughters," Mirjana said in a pouting voice. "And he wasn't going to visit us again." As she said this, she walked up to Phanuel and embraced him with both arms and hair. He did not resist her. He only stared hard at the leader of the fey while he placed on hand on the small the the redhead's back.

"What," he demanded flatly. It was a question for the whole room.

Observing Selene's clothing of herself, Caleldir followed suit. "I should probably explain this." He said glumly. "This will take a little bit of time." Taking a deep breath, he explained the situation, how the rusalka had captured them, and how they planned on killing his friends and then using him as a breeding stud/permanent sex slave to create their replacements so they could go home. He hinted at the prestige of having a fae-blooded male like him, and what that meant for their biology. He explained how Selene had 'killed' him, and how Goelon had cowed/wooed them into switching sides, and the 'breeding rights' that the Ghost King had given to them as part of the bargain. "And, I admit, I had planned on quietly slipping away without necessarily ensuring that I impregnated all the rusalka that Goelon promised I would." He finished. "Rostimira here did not like that I was putting off the fulfillment of my end of the bargain, and so came up here to make sure that I did."

Selene shifted to one side that she might better keep Phanuel and the rusalka in her sight. She still settled quite close to the half-nymph as she watched the aasimar's expression. Caleldir's words seemed to make Phanuel tired, though he did glance at Rostimira disapprovingly from time to time. Interestingly, Mirjana clung to him the entire time, and even sat on his lap when he decided to grab a chair near the bed.

At the end of her mate's speech, Selene finally spoke up. Her curiosity was too much; she had to ask. "He told you everything, now you must tell us some things. How did you meet the rusalka? Why did you think they needed to live under your city?"

"The rusalka situation was a... complex deal. But I should tell you the story - the whole story - that you might understand. You may only repeat this to Althaia and no one else." Began Phanuel, whose voice took on a orator's cadence. It naturally, effortlessly drew the attention of everyone there; he would not have been out of place on a stage with thousands of people listening in rapt attention.
