 - Disclaimer-

This story involves forceful sex, unconsensual, whatever you want to call it. And it involves chicks with dicks, so if you're not interested in that, please kindly go read something else! Thanks.

***

With the eerie silence that had fallen on the dark, sullen forest, that seemed un-natural, the only sound that was heard was the quick, frantic pattering of a girl's footsteps, crushing the dead and dried leaves as she hurried through a faded and beaten path.

Panting echoed from the relatively small girl as she hurried her way through the seemingly dead woods, hopping over broken roots and ducking under the low-hanging branches, clutching a thick book to her chest. The girl's head twisted and turned as if looking for something, occasionally looking over her shoulder behind her before darting back to focus ahead of her.

After nearly twenty minutes of exhausting running, she came across it. An abandoned hatch, dug into the ground and covered by muck covered leaves and sticks which were quickly brushed to the side and the doors were flung open, the young lady almost tumbling down the rickety staircase and slamming the doors shut behind her, throwing the lock together from the inside to ensure a little more safety.

She took a deep breath into her burning lungs and fell flat on her ass, panting heavily and letting the book she had clutched fall to her side, gulping down air as if it was going out of style. Slowly calming herself down, one deep breath at a time.

Once she had sufficiently let herself relieve her mind and aching body from the panic that had a firm hold of her she slowly rose back to stand and extended a hand, a flame starting to flicker in the palm before shooting off in five different directions, each child flame licking at the wick of a different candle which would soon illuminate the room, and the girl.

She looked decent, her long, crimson hair draping messily over her shoulders and onto a tattered black robe which covered her down to her ankles. 

Her scarlet eyes shimmered like two bright gems as she took to her knees, bringing the book in front of her and darting the cover open, ignoring the warnings scribbled on various notes on the pitch black cover. The page she turned to automatically having red writing in a foul, wretched looking language.

"Azzir... Methar... Colda... Y'tra..." The girl chanted, slowly and repeatedly, her voice still recovering from the sudden work-out she put herself through, getting more confident with each syllable she spoke until she had it down to a firm chant in her soft voice.

Minutes past of her chanting and nothing happened, she sighed, disappointment clear in her face as she moved herself over to the nearest moss covered wall to get herself some desired rest, slumping against it she soon found her eyes crushing themselves closed and, against her strongest fight, sleep would eventually claim her, causing her to fall to the side. 

With the night passing on and the restful slumber of the girl went undisturbed by the howling screams of animals on the outside world, unable to find her in her steadfast cellar. Something started to stir in the dimming darkness, the candles flickering with their last breaths as the shadows of the room seemed to converge on one single point and started to take shape, shooting upwards in a pillar which spread itself out and took form.

The shadows started to turn to smoke, and smoke to flesh. Soon, in their place stood a being unnatural to the human's realm. 

The demon stood easily at seven and a half feet tall, with long, raven hair that contrasted her delicate looking pale red skin and flowed elegantly down her back and traced past the wings that protruded from either side of her spine, folded in on themselves with white flesh between the bones. The tips of the wings rested gently above the long, whip-shaped black tail that curled around her hoofed ankles.

She wore minimal clothing to cover her more 'private' areas, even they didn't help much. Her breasts practically pushed out of the tight corset that constricted her flesh, and a long leather drape fell down her crotch. She certainly fit the description of a Succubus, with the gorgeous beauty to fit, her lips full to fit any description of loveliness that any man or woman would give. And the dark emerald colouration of her eyes seemed to have a way of entrancing those who stared too long.

The demoness growled a low growl, looking around the room that she had been summoned to and catching sight of the slumbering girl, causing her to narrow her eyes to slits, a grin slowly sneaking it's way onto her lips.

She slowly made her way over to the girl, reaching a long, clawed hand out to take a rough hold of the girl's hair and yank her up into the air "Wakey wakey!"

The girl yelped loudly and shot a hand up to hold her pained hair, groaning before setting eyes on the demoness and opening her mouth to scream, but was cut off by a large hand covering her mouth.

"What am I here for, why did you summon me?" she spoke with a low, gravelly voice, removing her hand from the girl's mouth.

"I didn't mean to summon you! I-.. I was trying to summon another type of demon! Please let me go! I'll... I'll send you ba-" and the girl as once more cut off by a hand shoved on her mouth.

The demon's mouth curled into a wicked, evil grin and her eyes flashed a bright flame, causing two firey chains to bind themselves to the girl's wrists and hoist her in the air. "Tsst, tsst... you should know that summoning is dangerous girl. Even if you got what you were looking for, what's your name... I'd like to know who I'm toying with for tonight"

"E-...Emily R-Roseheart!" she whimpered, the chains somehow not seering into her flesh but her face coloured a deep red as the robe she was wearing shuffled itself open a little, sending a line directly down the girl's front, giving a short sight of her trimmed sex.

"Well aren't you a naughty little bitch, Emily. Not wearing underwear... You may call me Azzir'ath, but you will be calling me Mistress for tonight." she spoke, running her tongue across her ruby lips as her claws raked the rest of the robe from the girl's form, leaving her in her full, naked glory "Not bad, for a human".

Not bad was right, Emily had a natural beauty, her hips wide and her breasts a perfectly large and shapely size, which bounced appealingly as her little amount of clothing is torn from her body "P-...Please no! I do- Ee!" she yelped as she was suddenly released from the flaming chains and dropped to the floor.

Azzir chuckled lowly to herself and shuffled her leather bindings to free herself, dropping them to the floor with loud sigh. "Muuuuuch better" she smirked, revealing her long, thick member, easily eleven inches if it were erect, still, the seven inch flaccid member was a frightening sight for Emily.

Emily herself was lost for words, red flooding across her cheeks at the monstrous member that was now directly infront of her face, she tried to shuffle away but Azzir grabbed her by the hair, and held her in place "Please!"

"Oh, begging for it already? I understand but you'll have it soon enough, why don't you tend to your new Mistress?" she spoke quickly, and dominantly, pressing her slowly rising cock into Emily's cheek "If not... I'll have to open your mouth for you"

Emily curled her head backwards, trying to avoid the member infront of her, whimpering to herself "N...No..."

"Oh I do love a resiliant one, open up!" she grinned wickedly with tugging hard on the poor girl's hair, causing her to yelp and open her mouth wide. Azzir didn't miss a beat and soon had the growing head of her member stuffed into Emily's mouth, eliciting a shudder from the demon "Been a while since I've done this"

Emily blinked at the demon's actions, and the overwhelming, intoxicating musk from the member and it's exotic tastes dancing on her taste buds, she couldn't help herself from wagging her tongue, lapping at the throbbing head gently.

"Oooh, there's a good girl... But I'll be choosing what's happening here" and with that Azzir took a hold of a tuft of hair in each hand from Emily's head and hoisted her head up to hip height, planting the back of her head against the hard, brick wall, pressing more of her shaft into Emily's mouth, soon going to explore into her throat.

Emily blinked as she realised what was happening, raising her hands to push onto Azzir's legs in a vain attempt to fight back as her eyes started to tear up slowly, running down her cheeks as the huge member pressed into her throat.

"Mmmmph... Tight! Open up for me!" she grinned down at Emily as she bent her head back a little more, opening passage down her throat more-so and pushing her cock further and further until she had finally hilted in the woman's throat, Emily's throat tightening and coughing and spluttering on the over-sized rod. "Mhmhmhm... You're a special cock-sleeve, you know that?" 

Azzir slowly withdrew her member to the head before thrusting it back down hard into Emily's throat, eliciting a lewd slapping sound as her firm, heavy balls slapped on Emily's chin. "Grrrng... I forgot how good it is!" she growled as she tightened her hold on Emily's hair, her thrusting slowly gathering speed and weight behind them, getting much less gentle in her approach, and simply put, started quite literally fucking the poor Girl's throat.

The demoness' moans started to gather in the small cellar room, Emily's eyes starting to shut from lack of breath, but they soon bulged as Azzir let out a load, heavy growl and her cock slowly pulsed and throbbed "Mmmh! Feel that? Get ready because I'll only let you go if you swallow it all!" Azzir's movements gathered rapid momentum for a mere few moments before she fully hilted herself in Emily's throat, and hot streams of demon seed flooded down her throat, almost directly into her stomach, it was so hot, and thick, Emily felt like her insides were burning. Rope, after rope, after rope of hot white stream flowed into her guts, causing her stomach to bloat as if one had eaten a large meal. Emily swallowed it all, as if she had another choice.

Azzir let out a loud, lewd moaning sigh as she finally withdraw her cock from her newfound cocksleeve, slapping it lewdly onto Emily's face who started to take in breaths "Having fun? I can tell you live for cum, isn't that right, slut?" she smirked evilly, slapping her member repeatedly against Emily's cheek.

Emily's tongue simply drooped from her mouth, breathing heavily into her burning lungs. Azzir laughed to herself "My, my, you're really asking for it".