 Welcome to Serenity Springs, today's vacation destination. Serenity Springs has a little something for everyone. We have seduction packages, wedding packages, theme vacations, adventure packages, x-treme vacations, and everything for today's vacation connoisseur.

Serenity planet is an M class planet in the Alpha Centauri system. The planet is eco-controlled so all weather will be just what the client orders. 

The Serenity staff work together to make a well-planned and cohesive vacation package for any type of getaway.

Contact our Dream Designers today and chose your vacation fantasy today!

Along with any package, Serenity Springs offers a full spa services, full security for even those most demanding individuals, night clubs, movie theaters, casinos, health spas, and several 5-star restaurants.

SS Security is comprised of high-tech security as well as Were-personnel. Kiernan Odell, the head of security has served in the military, and has worked in investigation and comes with several degrees in counterintelligence and law. His staff will work diligently to protect all guests to the planet while engaged in any vacation package. 

Gabrielle Odell, Gabby, and I were watching her husband Kiernan and several other men play football on their front lawn. I had come over to drop off a file to Kiernan and she had asked me to stay for dinner. I think she wanted some female company to offset the testosterone, couldn't blame her.

I was busy drooling over the gorgeous men on her front lawn. Being new to the Serenity Springs family I wasn't used to having such good looking people everywhere. The men playing football were huge! They all had abs that any exercise freak would be jealous of. I found that my hormones were going wild. It had been way too long for me.

"Damn but that man is gorgeous!" I gestured at a tawny haired giant. Tanned, rugged, Celtic tattoo circling a bicep, he was everything I had ever fantasized over. I shook myself but the feeling didn't leave. Jeez, I was about two heart beats from hyperventilating. "I'd love to be up against a wall with him between my legs."

"That's Declan, he's Kiernan's brother." She choked. Her eyes tearing with held laughter. I looked quizzically.

"He's a Were." She murmured. I really looked at her, eyes wide. My heart rate increased.

"Oh? What flavor?" I asked quietly.

"Lion." She answered.

I'm sure my face was brick red. I could feel the heat. The embarrassment factor was off the charts.

"Hearing?" I asked and had to clear my throat. I was looking at her.

"Acute." An Irish brogue answered. I jumped, I hadn't noticed his approach. The voice sent shivers down my spine. I met his chocolate brown eyes. "Any particular wall, Lass?"

I looked at Gabby. She was shaking with laugher.

"Were Lion?" I asked her, she nodded. I looked back at Declan the Irish God. I took a deep breath, "A sturdy one."

His smile was devastating. Kiernan came up to us, leaned over and kissed his wife. He looked at us strangely, slapped Declan on the arm and they both headed back out to do battle with the pigskin. Declan looked over his shoulder and winked. Gabby tugged me up and into the house after her.

We fixed dinner while the men played. I caught her grinning at me while I was forming the burgers. She cut veggies like the chef she was, it was embarrassing how female she was. I could kick men in the head and not bat an eyelash but I was completely demoralized by making a salad. If it wasn't for diners and vending machines I would starve. She brought out a metric ton of potato salad and adding some seasoning deemed it ready to be fed to the conquering hordes. Remembering the giants out front, a lot of food seemed like a very good idea. I caught her grinning at me again.

"What?" I demanded.

"I can't believe you said that." She snorted with laughter. "Jesus, Declan! I can't believe he said anything to you! A sturdy one! Jesus!"

"It would have to be a sturdy one with Were strength and all." It was no use, she just laughed harder. Whatever, I thought, and took more food to the table on the back deck.

It was several minutes before she came out to the deck with herself finally under control. I could tell it was there beneath the surface though. She fairly tweaked with mirth. I couldn't punch her she was the boss's wife. I just rolled my eyes and set the table while she started the grill.

"Sera, you haven't dated anyone since Brent died, right? Does this mean you're coming out of your shell?" She asked tentatively.

Brent was my long-term love. I had thought the sun rose and set on the man. He had been killed several years ago. What no one knew was that he was leaving me. He had told me that afternoon that we were through then he packed his bag and left. That evening Brent had a car accident and died. I suspected, as did others, that it was no accident. I hadn't told a soul about our breaking up, it would have put me at the top of the suspect list. I hadn't dated, in fact, for about a month I barely left my place.

Declan had affected me strangely. I have never in my life felt any emotion as strongly as I felt lust for him. I have never oogled a man like I had oogled him. I usually didn't even notice men around me, not because I didn't find them attractive but I worked with them and I have very strict rules about dating anyone I might find myself on a stakeout with or depending on not to shoot me in a tense situation. It has worked out well so far. The sexual electricity I felt for Declan made me weak in the knees. It was high time for diversion.

"Tell me he's married so I can put this lust to bed." 

"Nope, single. He doesn't date though." Her face shuttered with dark thoughts. It made me wonder what she was thinking. There was no time to ask as the men circled the house at that moment.

Kiernan wrestled the grilling tools away from Gabby with a kiss on her cheek and a pat on her bum. She rolled her eyes and with me in tow started serving the men their dinner. Were-animals have hearty appetites and these men were no exception. Several of the men were close enough in resemblance to Gabby that I judged them to be her family, brothers or maybe cousins. There were a few Were-hyenas that I served with on Security and a few others that were complete strangers. They talked and ate and for the most part ignored me. No one bothered to introduce me so I guessed we wouldn't be spending much time together. Were animals tended to follow their own code of hospitality. 

There was no room at the table so I took my plate and sat on the steps leading to the back lawn. Declan came and sat down next to me with two very full plates of food. He didn't say anything, just started eating in earnest. I was acutely aware of how close he was. He smelled so good, something tightened down low and I sure I felt myself get wet. I closed my eyes to savor the moment. He looked at me then. His brown eyes shot through with amber lights. He lifted one eyebrow. Hyper hearing and smell, dammit! Was there no end to my humiliation?

"Just thinking of a wall." I whispered. I was close enough to run my tongue over his ear which I promptly did. Declan's mouth fell open.

I took my plate and walked into the kitchen. I could feel the heat of his gaze on my back. I consider it a small triumph that my knees held until I was out of sight. I held on to the counter for a moment until I thought I could manage to walk without falling over.

I had to work that evening. I was team 2 on a surveillance gig. I found the chief to request leave, Kiernan gave me a nod and that released me to go to work. He was after all the fenrir, Ulfric or pack leader not only for the were animals on Serenity but for all Safety officers whether Were or not, I was in the not category being an X-file myself. 

My motorcycle was in the driveway where I had left it. She was a black gleaming speed rocket that cost me a small fortune. Declan was lounging on her, arms crossed over his amazing chest. The tat was just visible under the sleeve of his black t-shirt. My mouth went dry and a low throbbing started in places I thought long dead. I had done a once over and had to force my eyes back to meet his.

"Where ya going, Lass?" His sexy voice teased over me. I shook myself to break the spell. His sexy grin was nearly my undoing.

"Going home for a few hours of shut-eye." My voice was barely audible. I cleared my throat a few times.

"Can I give you a ride?" his voice deepened, my heart rate increased. Ride? Oh Hell yes!

"I -." I stuttered, this was it. Put up or shut up time. "Yes."

He got on my bike and kicked her over. I climbed on the back and wrapped myself around his hard body. He took off fast and I delighted in the speed and the very heady feel of his completely masculine body. He rode like a demon and it thrilled me to the core. I nuzzled into his back breathing in his musky scent. I brushed my face on him like a cat and shivered with the pleasure of it. My hands were busy feeling his flat muscled stomach. He grabbed my roaming hand and pulled over, the bike shimmying slightly.

"Careful, Lass. I don't have endless control." There was a low growl to the words. It sent lightening down my spine.

"Sorry." I wasn't though, I was excited.

We didn't make it home, though he never asked me my address so I'm not entirely sure that's where we were headed. When we had reached the abandoned buildings by the river he pulled into one. He stopped the bike and had pulled me off before I could ask any questions.

I felt bricks on my back and Declan was holding me to the length of his body. He looked down at me for just a moment before lowering for a kiss. I wound my hands into his hair to hold him closer. I went wet the moment his tongue touched mine. I thrummed with sexual energy. His kiss was sizzling, more possession than getting to know you. My nipples hardened and contact with his body was sending bolts of electricity singing through my nerves. I think my brain may have caught fire. I moved my hands to his back. He broke the kiss and moved back a millimeter, I might have growled at him.

"Last chance, Lass." He warned, brown eyes bright with the amber of his beast.

"Kiss me." He did. I bit his bottom lip. His eyes flashed brighter amber. He lifted me off my feet and the wall and pulled my shirt off. His eyes widened when he realized I wasn't wearing a bra. His mouth was on me in a second. I wound my legs around him, my head thrown back. I heard the guttural groans I was making but couldn't stop them. I moved my hand between us so I could feel him. He was so large, the tip of him straining out the top of his jeans. I carefully unbuttoned his fly and felt a surge of sexual power when his cock leapt into my hand. I wrapped my hand around him and felt his throbbing power. Declan buried his head in my shoulder and groaned.

He hiked me up on the wall and looked down at me.

"Lose the pants." He panted and let me down. His breathing was fast and a light sheen of sweat covered him. He pulled off his shirt while I shucked off my pants.

He grabbed me and hiked me back on the wall holding me up with his body. His hand between my legs had me arching onto him hard my fingers digging into his shoulders. He pushed two fingers into me. I was slick with need and convulsed around him.

"Declan." I moaned.

"God you're tight." He breathed.

"Declan, no more teasing. I want you." He didn't wait, he pushed inside me.

He stopped and dropped his head on my shoulder, his body so tense. "Too tight."

I pushed against him, he slid in another inch. I was near frantic with need and straining against him.

"Please move." I urged. My hips flexing drove him in further. His breath was so ragged.

"I don't want to hurt you."

"You can't." I breathed and bucked against him feeling him slide in further. He moaned against my neck. The width of him had me stretched almost to pain but I was desperate for him. I knew that I was drawing blood on his shoulders but I couldn't control my hands. 

He pulled out and pushed in again slowly, too slowly. I pushed out from the wall losing skin on my back but gaining another inch or so of him inside me. I tightened around him so close to orgasm and desperate for him to move.

"Please." I whispered. He moved so slowly, his breathing so labored his hands tight on my ass. I bit his shoulder.

I felt the skin give and tasted blood. His lion rose in him and he drove himself all the way inside me with one swift thrust. I came around him hard. I lost my mind with the need of him. I was one throbbing need, I moved on him, I bit him, I kissed him. He kept the pace thrusting deep and swift.

When he released, fireworks went off in my brain. He staggered for a moment. He put one hand against the wall to steady him and hiked me up on him with the other. My legs were still locked around him. He lowered us to the ground. I licked the already healing bite wound on his shoulder. He groaned. His cock going soft inside me twitched, I came again around him. I slumped down on him. If I could have purred, I would have.

He did finally take me home. I did make it to work but for the first time ever I was late and I didn't care - not one single bit.