 Chapter 1: the Captains Desk

"'Captain's personal log day two hundred and forty one of our journey. We've entered orbit above our fourth test planet and to no one's great surprise we found it quite unusable. The scientists assert, and I'm beginning to agree with them, that we need to make it to another system before we find anything suitable...'" Lt. Dascha stopped reading and gazed at him from above the lenses of her small, thickly framed glasses with a hint of a smile. "That's pretty dry, Jim."

Captain Jim Roland shrugged, tilting the screen back. "I told you it was dry. What does that say about my state of mind?"

The ship psychologist removed her glasses entirely and set them in her pocket, brushing a lock of hair behind her ear, a seemingly absent gesture. "I have to admit, I'm a little concerned. Failing to... express yourself fully is counter recommended on long space missions. If too much unexpressed..." she glanced at him, shyly, "...tension is allowed to build, it can create real problems."

The captain returned her faint smile. "Is that your medical opinion?"

"Of course."

The captain leaned back in his chair, fingers knitting before him as he set his feet on the desk. "And, medically, how would you suggest we go about fixing it?"

"More detailed logs," she explained. The lock of red hair slipped back over her forehead.

Roland frowned. "I'll try to work on that."

"It might also be helpful if you exposed yourself a little more to the crew."

"Expose myself to the crew?" Roland repeated thoughtfully.

She nodded, but glanced away, blushing. "Emotionally," she quickly explained.

"Emotionally?" the captain repeated, head tilting slightly to one side as though looking to see what was hidden below his desk.

Lt. Dascha nodded again, with earnest. "Flip and Macey are concerned that you've become withdrawn."

Captain Roland frowned deeper still, rubbing the dark stubble on his chin. "Withdrawn?" 

"Precisely, sir," Dascha assured him, getting to her feet. "I think if you get more involved in crew activities, you might find yourself with more to write about."

"More to write about?" the captain mused. "I'll try."

Dascha nodded. "I know you're famous for being so collected, that's why you were chosen for this mission, but it isn't good to isolate yourself."

Roland nodded back, slightly mystified, as the door closed behind her. "Do you think I'm withdrawn, Macey?"

The engineer shoved his rolling chair back enough that she could look over the desk to ensure they were alone. "Why didn't you tell me you had an appointment with her?!"

Roland shrugged, laughing slightly. "It seemed like a good idea at the time. Now, where were we?"

Macey scowled, but she couldn't hold the look for long and Roland's erection was building again even as she began to smile. One hand still rested on his thigh and it moved slowly up. Her huge, green eyes searched his and he leaned forward, unable to take it any longer. Their lips met, their tongues. Mouths parted slightly and joined again with greater intensity. Macey's hand brushed across his cock, fully erect and throbbing and she traced the shape it made beneath his uniform. "I think we were around here," Macey whispered, having to break the kiss to say it, and quickly began another.

"Mn," Roland managed, drawing away with a smile. "Not quite." He reached forward to where she knelt, lowering the zipper of her uniform jacket and she was still shirtless beneath it. "That's more like it," he told her, cupping one breast gently. 

She moaned in agreement as she kissed him again, hands working frantically against the stubborn uniform belt and finally pulled it free, creating hot friction around his back and his gasp of surprise caught in his throat as she released the top button and wrenched his pants open eagerly. She dropped back to her knees before him, throwing her long, loose hair to the side of her shoulder. Macey glanced at him, grinning hungrily, one breast pressing softly against the inside of the jacket while the other hung free. 

The captain sighed as her soft, hot tongue gently touched the tip of his penis. It moved slowly, softly, around the bulging head as she moved it with one hand. The captain sank slightly into his chair, placing one hand gently on her golden hair. He closed his eyes, his mouth opening slightly to allow breath as it quickly increased. 

Roland stopped her, wanting more. She came to him to meet his lips again and he lifted her to the smooth, flat surface of the desk. He kissed her deeply as he showed his skill in removing the woman's uniform belt, a task he was far more famous for than being 'collected'. Roland lifted her again so he could tear the uniform away, and he lay her out over it, his fingers already finding a warm wet spot through Macey's panties. Her legs separated with a shuddering sigh as the captain journeyed forth, pressing gently against her swelling clitoris while he toyed with her hard, exposed nipples with a curious and nimble tongue. 

"Mm, captain," Macey sighed, pulling him close against her. 

Roland grinned, putting the thin panties aside as he leaned over her, guiding his cock deep between her accepting legs. The woman shuddered, sighing again and began to breathe heavily, wrapping her legs tighter around and drawing him deeper inside, the full length of his penis filling her. 

The captain stood abruptly, thrusting with still more intensity and he paused so he could lift her again, taking hold around her waist so he could turn her gently over, the rotation of her dripping pussy around him driving him nearly mad, but he withdrew, shuddering slightly, the eager throbbing seeming to travel straight through him and into her, and he thrust it in again. Macey moaned, gripping the edge of the desk, praising him for the feeling. He guided her feet to the ground, leaning over the desk and he resumed the slowly swirling motion of his hips as they pressed into hers. His hands ventured down, taking firm grip on the round, smooth cheeks of Macey's perfect ass, gently swaying it against him, the thumb of one hand travelling fearlessly into the crack and finding fierce, pulsing resistance from her tight asshole. 

"Mm, captain," she sighed again, the viscous fluid flooding out around his thrusting cock, and Roland carefully smeared it up, filling the crack of Macey's ass with the moist smoothness. Her back arched, and a new tone of moaning rose to her lips as he pressed his thumb against the tight, twitching resistance.

"You like that, don't you," Roland breathed. He pressed harder, following the motion of their passion as she nodded, hair falling randomly over her face, she pushed his back with a smile of deep ecstasy. 

"Oh, yes, sir," she assured him, pushing her ass against him and driving his finger deep into her asshole while his cock was stuffed balls deep into her dripping pussy. "Oh, yes, Captain!"

Roland withdrew them both slowly, leaving her gasping, her ass and pussy throbbing in time. He took his cock in hand and used it to rub gently against her anus, making her moan, letting her breasts rest against the cool surface of the desk while she raised her hips invitingly. He inserted the head, the pressure making it even more rigid, the tightness spreading and robbing him of breath as Macey took his cock in, moaning, and moved with him, slowly removing it so it could be thrust in again, each time with a little more intensity behind it. He reached around her, one hand holding her up and tight against him by one large breast while his other hand ventured down, finding her pussy again and caressing her clit in time with their rocking motion. She shuddered against him, barely able to repress screams of intense pleasure, climaxing as he did the same, and they both leaned forward over the desk, panting breath, sweating and fully spent. 

The captain's cock slipped free from her and she gave another prolonged sigh and a trail of his cum dripped out behind it and from the tip, sliding down her leg. She rolled feebly over on his desk, smiling radiantly as the captain fastened his belt and sat next to her, leaning more than sitting on the edge of the desk. "What was that about me being withdrawn?" 

"I never said that," she assured him. "I think you're just fine the way to are." She glanced slyly at him, "What are you going to put in your logs about today?"

Roland smiled, shrugging "They same as any other day; the continued exploration of deep space."