 (A Watery Science Fiction Fantasy in Three Parts)

Chris removed all of Barbie's clothes and then wiggled out of his shorts. They made love floating in the warm water deep underwater in this marvelous vessel. The camera on the wing tip picked up everything - the crowd was torn between watching and going back to their rooms for a personal and private affair. 

The man rammed his cock deep into her and they floated and tumbled in the watery chamber. In almost total silence they used their bodies to communicate and love each other. Barbie held his butt cheeks and pulled him deeper inside of her as she inflated her lungs to the fullest with the warm life giving water. Her nipples poked his tanned chest and he lost control and ejaculated into her with an animal force! She felt the hot gush of his semen and gripped his cock with her pussy to hold them together as long as possible. (The details of the love-making are well known and available on videotape in almost any store that has underwater art films. It is enough to say that Barbie was set for life when she signed the contract with WetPleasure Film Studios.)

After they had made love for what seemed an hour, the captain indicated that they should adventure outside. They had to exit through a small port in the canopy to reduce the volume of O2 rich water spilling into the open sea. They knew that the water was going to be very cold but that shock was worth the extra vehicular activity -- just like a space walk but with much less equipment. Barbie typed in on the communication pad: Does it help to 'breathe' in and out for a while to oxygenate your blood?

Chris responded: "Yes."

He opened the hatch and wiggled his naked body out of the opening. She was left looking at his hairy butt as he stopped on his way out to survey the location. She followed him out and they swam out into the frigid water. They swam only 10 yards away before returning to stick their heads in the port to get rejuvenated with the watery oxygen. On the next sojourn away from the sub, they swam to a mound and surveyed the area. In the distance they could see a deep-sea rig with hardhat divers working on the ocean floor.

Barbie wanted to sneak up on them and do the "look I'm a mermaid" thing. They both reentered the sub to pull their air (water) supply closer. Chris lifted the sub and moved it forward until it was within 70 feet of the divers but still behind a rocky wall. He planted it on the bottom without disturbing the mud and giving away their location. Barbie signaled that she wanted to go outside on her own and Chris decided to stay close by. 

Barbie wanted to put on her bikini just for fun. She found it floating under the seat in the back of the sub and looked very sexy to Chris as she put first the bikini top and then hovered as she slipped on the panties. Her legs floated up on the ceiling as she tucked her boobs into the top and adjusted the bottoms around her ass and crack. She floated in the cabin and watched the captain search for his pants. They were nowhere to be found. He liked being nude but he knew that he would need to cover his genitals at some point.

Barbie grabbed him by the cock playfully and indicated that she was going to go into the open water and tease the divers. She took several deep inhalations of the water to oxygenate her blood. She swam out of the hatch and up to the wall. Barbie stood upright on the bottom and walked slowly out into the open and made her way up to the divers. They were facing the other way and did not see her until she was between where they were working on a valve.

One of them caught the movement out of the corner of his eye and jerked around with a start! Here they were in hundreds of feet of water on the bottom of the ocean and a bikini-clad girl was standing there looking at them as they worked. Barbie took hold of the pipe and bent to examine what they were working on. The divers watched with slack jaws as this almost naked girl turned to smile at them.

They could not determine how she was surviving here at this depth with no air. She seemed to be holding her breath but that was impossible. Knowing that she couldn't stay here forever, she straightened up and looked back toward the wall that she had just come from. She waved and started to turn to swim back to the sub and the fresh oxygen. 

The other diver had moved closer to her and reached out and snagged her by the bottom of her swimsuit. She twisted to get free but he held on tight and caught her hand with his big-gloved fist. She guessed that she could stay out here for 3 minutes or so but almost a minute was gone already and time was running out.

Chris was still behind the wall and shocked to see that the other diver had moved in to hold onto to her too. He swam over the wall and toward the trio waving his arms. He had not put on his shorts but that was the least of his problems right now. The divers were still a bit sunned to see this beautiful girl and now they were in a panic when a naked man came swimming up waving his arms and shouting silently underwater.

They easily pushed him away and turned to take the struggling girl back to the hanging equipment basket for the 15-minute ride to the surface. In 15 minutes, she would be long dead but they did not know that. She lost her top resisting the flailing hands and they decided to 'pants' her as well! The first one ripped off her bottoms and tucked them in his belt. A souvenir for later!

Naked -- 540 feet underwater -- 2 minutes elapsed time -- She realized that this was a very dangerous situation. She saw that one of the divers had tied the captain's foot to a pipe on the ocean floor and he was trying to get free --there was only one thing that she could think of and she did it. She reached up on the diver's hard hat and released the air hose from the fitting. Immediately water flooded his helmet and then into his suit. The increased mass knocked him onto his butt and he fought to locate the hose in all of the commotion. The hose had whipped away and was lost in the rising silt.

The other diver pulled out a cutting tool and went for her. His heavy boots made him slow and clumsy so she easily swam over his head and landed next to the captain. She did not want to drown the second diver but he would not let up. There was fire in his eyes as she stayed just out of arms reach and backed toward the lifting basket. She bumped her bare butt against the wire mesh and turned to the pressure hoses that were coming down from the tender on the surface. A convenient pair of bolt cutters finished the task of severing the main air hose that went to both of the divers.

Water rushed down the hose and filled the second diver's helmet. He gasped with the cold water and drowned almost instantly. She swam to the captain and cut through his bonds. The both were out of oxygen but somehow they made their way back to the DeepStar and stuck their heads in the open porthole to breath in the sparkling oxygen rich water.

Slipping inside the sub they rejoiced that they had turned the camera off before leaving the sub. It would not do to have the world see the fight with the divers here in the salty depths. The trip back to the surface was uneventful. They met the support team at the dock and were helped into a waiting tank on the dock to prepare for the transition process back from water breathing to air breathing. The people on the dock could not help but notice that Barbie was still nude and that her bikini was not in the sub.

The transition process was performed behind a curtain with trained medical personnel assisting. As she lay their naked on the table gasping in the tropical air, she noted that the transition from air to water was MUCH more pleasant than the transition from water back to air! Even as the nurses watched her, she put her hand between her naked legs and felt her aching and dripping pussy. She knew that she would go down in the sub again.

The End.