 With a cry of pain, Arashi, Guardian of the Heavens, fell from the sky as if his fiery wings themselves had been clipped. He now lay crippled upon the thick branch of a tree that was probably older than he was. His fight with Kaosu had been brutal, but apparently he was at a disadvantage when it came to fighting her. She was the undoing of everything he stood for. What might have taken him innumerable years to create, she could raze in moments. She was his absolute antithesis and O, how he despised her!

Although the Great Wars had ended long ago and the two halves of Tu Aldruom had since rejoined, neither his dark twin, nor his consort's shadowy reflection had dispersed. They had long lived side-by-side in relative peace, yet every so often something would provoke one of the four and some form of battle would break out amongst them, often leading to the defeat and generally the subsequent sealing of the fallen's core essence. 

Not long after Arashi' fall from grace, light footfalls could be heard upon the branch the golden youth lay upon. He somehow managed to muster the energy to glare up at her, although doing so in and of itself was rather awkward. Every time he looked at her, he saw his beloved Terra. The face was almost the same, as was the length and the style of her hair. Even her perfect hourglass figure and shapely curves were mirrored so very eerily in the unholy demoness before him. She grinned mischievously at him, showcasing her serrated pearly fangs. 

That was another part of it. Although his lover's body was almost identical to the foul creature before him, she was also vastly different. Where his lover's hair was a rich amber color, the Sorceress of Chaos had fiery crimson tresses. Unlike the soft golden eyes of his lovely Gaia Ishtara, Kaosu's eyes where a spectral emerald color that burned with rage and carnal lust. While his beautiful Terra flesh was a flawless ivory color, the woman who stood before him was a dark tanned color, no doubt a product of the harsh atmosphere of the former Dark dimension while wearing practically nothing. 

She bore an elaborate ebony flame pattern painted into her flesh in various places, such as her outer thighs, around her naval, fanning out over her firm buttocks before curling up tightly against the opposite pattern set just above the taught outer lips of her utterly hairless vulva. These same flame designs also went on to curl around her full breasts and shoulder blades before traveling down her arms. These flamelike marking seemed to keep to the edges of her being for the most part, venturing outside of this ideal only to further accentuate one of her primary sexual characteristics. However, these beautifully intricate patterns only appeared when she actively drew upon her power. 

Aside from a few small physical differences, such as fangs, clawlike nails, she would look almost identical to his darling Terra if it were possible to drain away all of the color, although the reptilian slits of Kaosu's eyes were the most unnerving of all. They were one of the many traits she possessed that so clearly stated her container's demonic heritage. 

As she slowly stalked further toward him, he suddenly felt the strong urge to flee. As powerful as he was on average, he felt completely drained at the moment. His vision went dark. Kaosu smirked. This would be so very much fun! 

She extracted a small wooden puzzle box from somewhere in the Great Ether and opened it. The effect was almost instantaneous. Multiple tendrils of energy lashed out of the box and wrapped themselves around the fallen Monarch of the Skies, dragging him into the box. As the energy brought him closer and closer to the hated artifact, his body acquired an almost translucent quality to it. 

With one mighty pull from the vines of light, Arashi of the Sky was broken down into pure energy and sucked into the box, which sealed firmly shut. Success!

Kaosu took a moment to part her nether lip, allowing a single dark pink tentacle to extend outward. It slowly and carefully wrapped itself around the little box before it began to retract. Before it reached her entrance, two additional tentacles snaked out, parting the entrance further. To make the passage easier, Kaosu summoned forth a generous amount of her own natural lubricant to help. The small artifact slid in with little trouble as it made its way to the Goddess' womb, where an unlimited amount of extra-dimensional space resides. The tentacle drew back into the lining of her uterus, the box still in tow, and stopped. 

One might ask why she would carry objects in this manner, right? Quite simply, Kaosu's native land is far too hot and humid to wear too many clothes. She does, of course possess ceremonial robes for formal occasions as well as a set made for battle, but, for the most part, the Goddess enjoyed to walk about nude, aside from a few essentials, such as her invaluable bracer, a pair of dragon tooth anklets and the seal of Chaos she wore 'round her neck. This meant that the only place for her to store away items was within herself, though being a supernatural humanoid being, this was of little concern to her. 

Her task complete and Chaos restored to its ultimate glory, Kaosu made her way home. Focusing on the Sky Guardian's divine energy within her, she slowly rose from the large tree branch she stood upon and took off in the direction of her home realm, Karazon. 

As she soared through the air, high up in the sky, her thoughts turned to her so-called "consort." That lazy bastard was never around when she wanted him! The only time she ever saw him was at official meetings and during annual ceremonies that required their combined efforts, such as the festival celebrating the Union of Rain and Clouds, when everything would simply break out into an all-out orgy. Gender and sexual orientation became utterly meaningless and it didn't matter who you were fucking. Girls could mount boys and vise versa. Boys could mount other boys and girls could mount other girls. It was one of Kaosu's favorite celebrations in existence for obvious reasons.

It was a celebration of Chaos and Emotion, meaning lots of drugged-up meaningless sex was perfectly okay. You had to keep on your toes though, otherwise it didn't matter who you were. You'd be fucked six ways to Thursday by several different people in the blink of an eye! O, blessed Chaos! After all, what could be more fun than having lots of sex for three days straight? This line of thought again reminded her of her "consort." 

Although the Divine Order had assigned her to him, neither was particularly fond of the other. They worked terribly together in battle situations and sex was a constant battle of wills, both craving domination of the other. They went together like oil and vinegar. The only person she got along worse with was Gaia Ishtara, her celestial "sister" who lived amongst flowers and little bunnies at all times, even when there where none physically present. Pft. How pathetic! 

Her thoughts again took another random turn, her mind far too corrupted by the forces of chaos to hold the same train of thought for too long. Now her thoughts focused on her homeland. O, how she loved her beautiful swamp! It was a place where all forms of reptiles and other creatures of cold blood. Hydras, Basilisks, Gorgans, lizard people, large Dragonflies and Serpentflies, Wyverns, even the powerful Rust Dragons! All of these magnificent creatures, as well as native humans, demons and the various creatures possessed by said demons. The hot and humid year-round temperatures also gave her a good excuse to flaunt around her beautiful, flawless body for all to see. Not that she really needed an excuse to do whatever she wanted, or that her body really even felt temperatures of any kind, which it didn't. That's not to say she didn't register them, but they merely had no effect on her.

Her home was a beautiful one. She lived in a massive pyramid surrounded by an impregnable wall of rock and iron. The pyramid itself covered exactly twenty-five square miles. Her dwelling itself was merely the topmost segment. A temple in her honor if you will. Her living quarters where the very definition of lavish. It was almost a palace in and of itself. Her throne room was where she spent most of her time. From there, she could see anything and everything. It was both a source of entertainment, as well as a means for her to keep a watchful eye on her enemies and her homeland. Her room was certainly something else though.

She often amused herself in her throne room watching the idiots of the universe cracking their skulls open in attempts to pull off foolish and complex magical evocations and athletic insanity or getting hit in the nose with various solid objects in would-be sparring matches. A typical day for her consisted of waking up, draining some poor fool of his life-force energy and setting various objects on fire. After this, she'd pay her School of Magick a special visit to teach her special classes. 

The rest of her grand pyramid was devoted to her army, training grounds simulating various environments and housing one of the Great Schools of Magick, as well as living quarters for its students. There was also one special area reserved for the breeding of Rust Dragons, which was rather complex, though it was built underground and none but Kaosu knew of an entrance to this place. Outside of her pyramid's walls lay a vast swampland village stretching out in all directions for miles, hidden beneath trees and built atop water and on semi stable sandbars. The population of this village was mostly female. There was a ratio of about five females to every male. The reason for this is rather simple too. Every day, the Goddess feeds on the life force of one male, dwindling the population exponentially. It is for this reason that Kaosu often encourages and sometimes even rewards her people for having many children. She recalled a time once where she came across a couple having wild sex out in public in broad daylight. She remembered smiling at them before scattering seven gold pieces around them. The two later conceived seven children, two of which she had personally drained and killed to sustain herself. 

Today would be a little different however. Today would be the day she finally knocked that pompous stick-up-the-ass Sky Guardian down a few pegs. Eventually the forest below her became flooded and waterlogged. Thinking about it further, she decided that her home was really more of a cross between a swamp and a bog. In actuality it was really a forest that had been flooded by the seas long ago. 

Not long after this, her grand pyramid came into view. A few short minutes later and she had landed clear at the base of the towering structure. On either side of the pyramid's forefront rose wide stone steps cut into the structures until it reached two-third's of the way up, at which point there was a flat stone walkway, two entrances and a single narrow staircase that led the rest of the way up to the temple at the top, the first room, being open to the general public if they felt the sudden desire to pay homage to her for being so absolutely awesome, or for whatever reason. The rest was her home.

Below the main alter, capable of sliding off to the side, lay a beautiful spiral staircase that led one down exactly one floor. This was where Kaosu lived. Between the two massive staircases she stood before lay the main entrance, a ridiculously large set of metal doors that led into the main hall. From here, she took one mighty leap and landed flawlessly at the top of the two large staircases. From here she walked the rest of the way up the sacred (to many of her people) steps leading to the shrine atop.  

She reached the small landing and entered her shrine, igniting the deadly emerald "Chaos Flame" she was so famous for. It made a faint howling sound before she hurled it at the primary alter. The small fireball made a perfect impact with the shrine, freezing the earth-based elements and lighting the candles by green fire. The Goddess of Chaos smiled to herself as she padded over to the alter and pressed down on the centerpiece, a beautiful multifaceted emerald that somehow failed to reflect any light whatsoever. It glowed briefly from within when she touched it before the entire alter abruptly slid to the left. She wasted no time in climbing down the stairs and pressing down on yet another soulless emerald of a similar design set into the wall. She wanted absolute privacy from the outside world for the next few hours. 

As she made her way down the seemingly endless torch-lit halls lined with door, her thoughts took yet another turn. What would she do once she was finished with the Sky Guardian? She couldn't kill him and it would be a serious problem for the universe at large if she kept him sealed forever. She couldn't just let him walk off either. Oh, what a mess! Why her? She wasn't good with things like tact, damn it! 

She could absorb his power and his spirit in theory, but that would be a disaster! Chaos and Order, Male and Female: Arashi and Kaosu. That would be a total mess. Their power and personalities would completely counteract and nullify each other into a powerless, soulless, genderless pile of shit. That would not be good. 

She could always have her fun, reseal him and then release him far, far away and make a run for it before the god came to, but as soon as the Sun hit him, he'd come back to life. That meant that she'd do well to bring a dimensional crystal to rip open a portal to another time-space for the return home. No, no. That wouldn't work at all. Arashi of the Sky was all-seeing. If he knew what he was looking for, there was no possible way of hiding it from him. She was doomed. Oh, well! Though Arashi may be omniscient, Kaosu of the Black Flame was omnipotent, or at least she had the potential to be under the right conditions. Even so, Arashi of the Immortal Sky was smart; he was very smart. He'd surely find a way to get her back. Such intricate thought soon proved too straining for her to sustain. Thus, her tactical mind abruptly crashed. 

She briskly rounded a corner and turned the handle of her room's door. Everything inside had an earthen tone to it, ranging from many vibrant green colors to dark reddish-brown colors. Her bed was massive and her reclining area was as beautiful as it was comfortable. A bundle of dried wood burned brightly in colors of both green and orange/red/yellow respectively. The walls were lined with books and dusty old scrolls, even in light of having her own private library and study. The Goddess of Chaos was clearly a well-read one to say the least. In fact, it was one of her favorite pleasures, right alongside sex, psychedelic drugs, pointless acts of violence, parties and, of course, CHAOS!! 

She walked across her lavish room to her heavenly-soft bed and climbed onto it, laying on her back and spreading her legs wide open. Her hands wandered down toward her taught nether lips and spread them apart gently before delving further on into her womanhood, stretching her own entrance open and inducing her body to secrete its own natural juices once more. After a few more moments of this, she gave the neural command for the dark pink tentacle to bring the puzzle box back out. She sighed impassively as the boneless appendage passed through her vagina, the invaluable artifact in tow. She let out a small gasp as the small box was pulled free of her favorite orifice and from the tentacle's grip. The latter wasted no time in snaking its way back into its master's snatch and sinking back into the lining of her womb. 

Kaosu reached down and picked up the small cube. It easily fit in palm of her hand and she fiddled with the lock combination of the cube. It was a simple puzzle box. It didn't take much for the thing to open up and release the powerless Sky Guardian in a blaze of white light. He was still unconscious and apparently feeling as drained as ever. Good, it'd be easier to control him that way. Giving the situation further thought, she decided to nullify his power almost entirely. It simply wouldn't do if he managed to get the upper hand, now would it? 

Again she reached into a place within the Ether and extracted another item. This one looked somewhat like a choker, although it appeared to be more of a collar. It was studded with metallic bumps all over that almost visibly absorbed his power when Kaosu fastened it around his neck. His electrified golden hair lost its charge and the spiked shape withering down, curling itself. His skin too lost its ivory hue, replaced by a similarly pale color. The chakra on his forehead lost its color and faded away. He was now little more than mortal. 

His eyes suddenly flew open and he directed a deathly glare at Kaosu as soon as he felt the energy-draining collar around his neck. Though the electrical discharge that his pupils gave off (trapped within the confines of his irises) had utterly ceased, his eyes could never lose their naturally hypnotic effect, nor the strong piercing effect that seemed to bore into one's very soul. Even stripped of his supernatural abilities, the Soul of the Lawkeeper was undeniably potent. He was clearly very angry.

"Now now, love. It's no use glaring at me so. Your eyes are far too warm to project just a glowering stare effectively. Besides, it makes you look far too much like your brother, and who'd want to look like him? You should really take things much less seriously, love." the goddess admonished. 

"I want my power back. I demand that you release my soul immediately before the Natural Order falls to pieces!" he spoke in that sexy, oh-so-commanding voice of his.

"You know me well enough to realize the aimless of what you ask. If I released you now, then what point would have been in capturing you to begin with? That's one of your flaws, love. You cannot see the world from the perspective of another. In the grand scheme of things, you really aren't that important. For though you may be one of the primary forces of nature, you are still only a fragment of Creation. Contrary to what you may think, the Universe will not crumble to pieces without you. The Sky will not collapse and the Sun will not die." she stated matter-of-factly.

"That may be," he relented, "nevertheless, the caged bird will always seek freedom from its prison."

"Ah, but you forget! Lurking outside the cage are ever more dangers. The household cat may be hungry and there's very little the bird's cage can do against that anyway, eh?" She licking her lips lustfully.

"A wager then?" he purposed. It was not difficult to pick up the foolishly hopeful note in his voice. Nevertheless, she relented and decided to let him have his shining star. 

"Very well. If you manage to bring me to my zenith before night's end, I shall release you. If you cannot however, I will hold you here indefinitely as one of my personal manslaves. Agreed?" she smirked. 

So the bitch only wanted a good romp? He could do that, although he did feel a great deal of guilt over the stated conditions of his freedom. Even still, Arashi could hardly afford to lose this bet and remain universally inactive. And so, reluctantly, he agreed. His Terra would positively murder him later.

Kaosu smirked, sitting up wordlessly. Before he had a chance to say anymore, she turned her back on him and sank down on his rigidly stiff member.

The sensation was instant and the potency immeasurable. As her hot, moist cavity slid down his shaft, he experienced one of the most incredible sensations in the known universe. It felt like sinking into warm butter. Arashi was fairly well endowed, but that beautiful creature took every bit of it without so much as a whimper. His tool bent slightly as she began rocking up and down on it. She shuddered and emitted a sigh of pure ecstasy.
