 A figure resembling a man sat on a throne made of interdimensional energy. Before him was a table, and on that table a shimmering frame made to hold a spherical object. Surrounding the figure sitting in the throne were four corridors, one on every side of him, that extended out into infinity. Lining their walls were an endless supply of glass spheres, their transparent insides sparkling mysteriously. 

The figure lifted an arm into the air and began to move his hand slowly, beckoning for someone or something to approach him. Deep down one of the corridors a single orb lifted into the air then flew down the corridor towards the figure. 

Once reaching him it hovered before him, the clear insides sparkling with strange energy then growing cloudy. He reached forward, taking the orb in his hand. As his fingers touched its surface the cloudy insides darkened then cleared, revealing images of a distant world. 

"Earth..." the figure whispered. "But which Earth? What is my home like in the reality I now look upon? I'm sure it shares much in common with the one I originated in. And at the same time I'm sure it has many differences." 

Leaning closer to the orb and narrowing his eyes he concentrated. The pictures inside changed, showing him the reality he was peering into. "It's time for a new reality to play with, to manipulate." 

The orb showed him a daisy, its peddle's pristinely white. He moved the orb into one hand then, with the other, pointed two fingers at the flower. Its pedals change in color, from white to red. The view of the flower pulled away, showing a whole field of white daisies quickly becoming bright red in color. 

"So easy to change this dimension's reality," he whispered. "So easy to alter it and those living inside will never know. Their reality's daisies are now a different color, yet to them the flowers have always been red. Yes, a clean slate, an untouched and unaltered reality. Slightly different from my home, but close enough to entertain me as I twist and corrupt it." 

Gently he placed the orb in the holder before him. The images inside it continued to change, to show him different aspects of the reality he was preparing to play with and then abandon once he grew bored of it. 

He waved his hand, mentally commanding the orb to show him New York City. He wanted to see if this dimension contained a certain place, a location that had been the center of his obsessions since he first gained his powers. 

Before him appeared a large mansion in the middle of the city. He smiled, knowing this dimension, like almost all dimensions, contained a version of the superhero team he had dedicated his immortality to destroying across the multiverse. He knew could erase them from existence with the wave of his hand or a single thought, but then what would he do with eternity? Instead he had moved from reality to reality, slowly tearing them apart, one by one. 

At first he gave their many enemies greater powers. But he quickly grew bored of that, endless deaths grew quickly repetitive and boring. Then he spent time making the heroes and heroines fight each other, destroying themselves from within. But that too grew boring over time. Eventually he settled on something that had kept him entertained for ages: to sexually corrupt the superheroes and supervillains of each dimension and watch their worlds unravel. 

Even though he long ago left his humanity behind he'd found that his very human sexual urges still existed. And with unlimited power he was slowly making every dark fantasy he could imagine become reality. This reality would be next, and from what he had scene it was a particularly innocent and uncorrupted reality. And many of the key players were already of the gender he liked most, leaving little work for him to do before he started playing... 

* * * 

The sun dawned over New York, the streets already filled with traffic. Like the rest of the city, Revengers' Mansion was already bristling with life, all of the team currently on duty awake going about their morning activities. Some man their posts; others enjoy a hard earned day off. 

Manning the communications center was the sentient android known as The Visionary. His artificial mind was able to take in the wall of a video and data displays in front of him all at once, processing the information faster than a normal man could understand a single news feed. 

While his eyes move from monitor to monitor he witnesses a flickering distortion run across the screens, as if some temporal anomaly were moving quickly through the city. His synthetic limbs tighten and he begins to turn, lifting his hand to initiate the Revengers call to action. Then, just a moment before he lowers his hand on the button, the ripple moves through the room he sits in. 

For a moment he sits perfectly still, every inch of his body unmoving. Then he blinks, as if he had forgotten what he was doing. He looks at his hand, confusion playing across his silent, inhumanly colored face. He lowers his hand and returns to his vigil, not remember the distortion. 

A moment later he began to shift uncomfortably in his chair. He reached down and adjusted the skin tight fabric of his costume over his faux sexual member. He is unaware that just a few brief minutes ago he didn't have the body part, a sexual organ that is now not only present but fully functional. His mind registers his new sexuality as something he has always had, even though until that moment he had remained pure and unaffected by human sexual urges and needs. Now they begin to run through his artificial intelligence, a base line of need that will slowly build to an all consuming obsession... 

* * * 

Outside the Revengers' Mansion the clear sky begins to shimmer. A moment later there is an explosion of light as a tube of energy blasts down through the atmosphere. The energy ripples, each color of the rainbow moving across its surface. It impacts on the front lawn of Mansion, a short explosion of energy that quickly disappears, leaving a muscular figure kneeling on freshly burnt grass. 

The figure stands up, stretching as if he just came to the end of a long journey. He has the exaggerated, muscular figure of a god and wears an outfit that looks like it is both from the past and future at the same time. A red cape billows in the morning air behind him, his long blond hair shadowing the motions. In one hand he holds a mighty spear. He is Baldur, son of Odin the all father, heir to the throne of Asgard, and his people's chosen protector of Earth, which they call "Midgard". 

Around his neck hangs a crystal. The magical item did not exist when he began his journey. And now that reality has been reshuffled he will think nothing of its sudden appearance, in fact he will remember in explicit detail the new reality of how the crystal was forged and placed around his neck. He is soon inside Revengers' Mansion, a group of his teammates eager to hear his report. 

"What news do you bring from Asgard," one of the three figures waiting to greet him asks. She stands nearly as tall as the newly arrived god, slender and well muscled. She is the All American Woman, transformed by science during the second World War into the world's greatest super soldier and first superhero. Lost for decades, frozen in ice, she has recently joined the modern superheroes that carried on the legacy she started so long ago. 

She wears a tight, form fitting outfit of red, white, and blue that shows off her well toned ass and small but perky breasts. She carries a one of kind shield with her, a symbol of freedom the world over. 

"A mixture of joy and regret, Lieutenant America," Baldur says. "I return to Asgard just in time to stop one of my half brother's evil plots to overthrow the All Father. Much of Asgard was destroyed, but in the end Loki was imprisoned." Baldur lifts the crystal hanging around his neck up. "His essence was banished into this. I will now carry it with me always, ensuring none are able to release him. He shall never return to his past mischief." 

With a hydraulic whir and then a heavy metallic thud the second figure steps forward, placing an robotically armored arm onto Baldur's shoulder. "We're glad to have you back, and I'm sure your father will have your home rebuilt in no time." 

The woman talks via a speaker built into the high tech armor she wears, adding a robotic tinge to her voice. She is Tanya Fark, the superheroine known as Iron woman. One of the smartest women in the world, as well as one of the richest, she banks the Revengers operations and serves as one of the team's mightiest heroines. 

Baldur nods his head appreciatively. "Thank you, Iron Woman. Your sentiment is much appreciated. But tell me, what has transpired on Midgard in my absence?" 

The third figure steps nervously forward. He is a slight, nerdy looking man who seems out of place standing amongst a god, a high tech armored knight and a super soldier. "The Commanders of Evil showed up with a brigade of T.A.R.G.E.T. soldiers. They were armed well enough to require my presence in the field." 

The three heroes give the small man a sympathetic look, but it was the newly arrived Baldur who spoke words of reasurance. "Aye, Scott Stanner, I am sure your teammates would not have asked for your alter-ego Monster-Man's presence if his unmatched might were not required. I know not what transpired, but I am confident that evil might have prevailed if you had not joined the battle." 

"Almost certainly," Lieutenant America said. "We were outnumber, outgunned, and heading towards a loss. But once you had summoned the great big green guy we were able to turn the tides." 

"You can all tell me of your tales of valor and victory in much greater detail later," Baldur said. "But for now tell me of the present. What danger's do Earth's Mightiest Heroes face today?" 

"Things are actually quiet right now," Iron Woman's electronically magnified voice said. "We're glad to have you back, Baldur, but the current agenda is to just to take things easy for the day and hope no emergencies arise. The Visionary is on monitoring duty, so why not relax? I was thinking about going and taking my armor off and maybe going for a swim." 

"Ah, a swim? That sounds most pleasing to my ears," Baldur said, a wide grin across his face. "Come, Iron Woman, refresh my memory as to where your castles pool resides." 

Scott Stanner was left standing nervously next to Lieutenant America once they had walked away. "I should get back to my lab," he said quietly. "I've got some projects to work on there."America nodded, knowing the diminutive man preferred to shy away from human company whenever possible. 

For a time she stood in the Mansion's entryway, thinking about the diverse team of superheroes she led. "Earth's Mightiest Heroes," the public called them. Their roster was large, although only a small number of them were ever in the Mansion at one time. 

She thought through the current roster on active duty. She had touched bases with Scott Stanner, Iron Woman, The Visionary and now Baldur today. But there were others in the Mansion that she should speak to soon. Hawkette, The Red Widow, and Size Lass. Finding their location would be easy as they all wore identification chips as part of their costumes. 

Walking to a nearby console, Lieutenant America brought up a security readout of the Mansion and instructed the computer to show her were everyone was. She saw that the three other heroines were at the buildings pool, obviously already enjoying the apparent day off. 

"Well, no need to interrupt their rest and relaxation," she said to herself. The young heroines of the team seemed to get great joy from relaxing in the sun by the pool, something she had never understood. The amount of bare flesh her teammates felt comfortable showing, both in private and while in their costumes, scandalized her. Even though she had been in the present for years now she doubted she would ever get used to the modern sensibilities that surrounded her. 

Just thinking about her teammates in their string thin bikinis made her feel hot and sweaty. She used her shield to fan her face. "Phew, it's hot today. Maybe they have the right idea..." For just a moment she entertained the very uncharacteristic thought of joining her teammates by the pool, but then decided against it. 

"But I've got to do something to cool off... I suppose I could go take a nice cool shower..." 

* * * 

Scott Stanner stood in his private lab, trying to distract himself with busy work. Looming behind him was a large, supposedly unbreakable enclosure. Much of it seemed to be made of glass, but the transparent material that made up the majority of the enclosure's walls was much more than simple glass. The enclosure always seemed to loom over him, reminding him how close he was to losing control. Sure, the past few years had gone well. The other guy had taken to being a hero and never seemed to fight when Scott wanted to return to himself, not as long as the green one got to punch enough bad guys on a regular basis. 

But for the past hour Scott Stanner had felt strange. He had felt like his old self, barely able to contain the monster inside of him. And making matters worse his the way his mind seemed to be filled with impure thoughts about his female teammates. 

The entire time they been greeting Baldur he had been mentally undressing Lieutenant America. She was so pure, so perfect, and almost certainly still a virgin. The idea if being the one who got to spoil the purity of the woman that embodied the American spirit made his blood start to boil and flow to regains of his body he hadn't thought much of since his transformation into the Monster-Man some decades ago. 

He looked back at the large enclosure. Tanya Fark had helped him create it. Together their intellects had never failed to accomplish a task set before them, but luckily the team had never had to test if this particular device would work as intended. 

Nearly as soon as he thought about Tanya Fark his mind began to wander. She had been a bit a playgirl before she became Iron Woman. The tabloids had always been filled with scandalous pictures of her drunk and partying. One reporter had even taken a picture of the richest woman in America getting out of her limousine with her legs spread open, the picture revealing she wasn't wearing panties that night. 

With memories of the picture flooding his mind he once again found himself thinking about one of his teammates naked. He began to wonder what it would be like to be with her... He knew Tanya had given up her old life when she had become a superhero, they all had, but surely she remembered the all the dirty moves that had made her such a hit with all the eligible, rich men that had filled her social life. But no, she certainly didn't do THOSE kinds of things any more. None of them did. They had to be above the imperfections that filled normal people's lives, and for most of them that had meant swearing off dating and sexual intimacy. 

But in that moment Scott was having a hard time keeping the impure thoughts out of his mind. They were getting him excited, making his heart rate rise. He doubled over in pain, dragging his nails across the nearby table as his muscles began to bulge and grow. He felt his body filling up the loose clothing he wore, threatening to tear it apart as his transformation began. 

He looked up, his eyes shooting open as his pupils began to turn green. He was changing, and not by choice. After years without an incident he was losing control. Using every ounce of willpower he had, he held the transformation back, stumbling towards the containment room. As he entered it he slammed the large red button outside the door, closing the door behind him and activating the device. 

As the transformation continued he realized it was different this time. In the past he had always felt himself filled with anger or fear as the other guy took over. But he felt neither of those emotions, instead he felt something that he couldn't remember the other guy ever feeling. The Man-Monster felt horny. 

* * * 

As she undressed out of her costume Lieutenant America was uncharacteristically aware of her body. Her muscles all felt tense, and she was warm and sweaty even though all she had done so far that day was walk around the Mansion. Sure, it was a warm summer day, but the Mansion was air conditioned. No, something else was going on with her body. She decided that whatever it was, a cold shower would wash it away. 

She stopped for a moment to look at herself in the mirror before she stepped into the shower. Her body was tall and slender, yet incredibly well muscled. After the super soldier serum had been injected into her she had become the strongest woman on Earth, her strength only matched at the time by the vile Purple Skull who himself had used a flawed version of the same formula on himself. 

When she had been unfrozen she had awoken to world filled with hundreds of super beings, many of them at least as strong as her. Much had changed in the world, yet she was the same. Looking at herself in the mirror she was aware that she still looked much like the stringy women that had desperately wanted to serve her country in the early days of the war. Even now, over half a century later, she looked barely older than twenty one. 

Turning, she looked at her back side. Her ass was small but well toned. She'd seen that the modern women of America all wanted desperately to have an ass as tight and perky as she had, yet many of the men seemed to want their women to have large and wide asses. It was strange that one gender wished things to be one way, and the other wished them to be another. 

She'd spent little to no time thinking about such things. First there was the war. And after she woke there had been a war of another kind. There was a never ending flow of superpowered criminals that kept the Revengers busy. She devoted her entire life to that war, never regretting that her choices had left little room for something as frivolous as "love". 

She looked at her body and wondered what men really thought of it. Then a thought occurred to her. "One need not involve love to satisfy their body's carnal desires," she said, repeating something Tanya Fark had said to her when she had inquired about her past as a well known playgirl. 

Still staring at her body, but now looking at her small, perfectly shaped and perky breasts, she pondered what that meant. She had scene that in modern times physical relationships before and without marriage were common place. Perhaps it was time she joined the modern world? 

She shook her head, trying to shake the strange thoughts out of her mind. She was Lieutenant America, role model for an entire nation. She represented everything that was good and pure, such thoughts were below her. She shook her head again and stepped into the shower, making the water as cold as it could get. 

It cascaded down over her body, cool and sending chills through her. She felt her skin tighten as she was overcome with a fit of goose bumps. She was aware of her nipples hardening, her pink areolas pebbling along with them. The sensation was one she had never paid much attention to, but suddenly it was all she could think of. 

She stepped further into the water, tilting her head back and thrusting her chest out. The droplets of cold water stung as they landed on her breasts, which seemed more sensitive than normal. She closed her eyes, concentrating on the sensation. One of her hands lifted up, as if of its own free will, and she gently cupped one of her small breasts. She gasped at how good it felt to hold her breast. Closing her eyes, she allowed herself just to feel the sensation and not be distracted by sight. 
