 Hawkette, Size Lass, and the Red Widow were all relaxing around the pool of the Revengers' Mansion. They were all dressed in bikinis that left very little to the imagination, all three superheroines laying back in folding beach chairs as they soaked up the sun. 

Size Lass was the youngest of three, and in fact the youngest member of the Revengers. Not even old enough to legally drink, a superpowered woman as young as her would normally serve her first few years as a superhero as part of the Young Revengers team, but because of who her parents were an exceptions was made for Size Lass. 

Her parents were the Gems, two of the first Revengers. Her father had, early on in his career, discovered what was eventually known as the "Gem Particle". The Gem Particle, when used with the right kind of technology, could cause a human to shrink or grow. Her father had used the discovery to turn both him and Size Lass' mother into size changing superheroes. 

But unlike her parents, who were now long retired and far too old to be superheroes, Size Lass' powers weren't dependent on technology. Growing up she had absorbed so many Gem particles over such a long period of time that she was now able to change her size at will, growing either bigger or smaller with a mere thought. She could grow ever bigger, gaining strength as she needed it. And when small she retained the strength of her normal size, making her an insect sized powerhouse. 

Size Lass looked her age, appearing almost too young to be lounging around with such sexy, grown women. Her long blond hair accented her youthful, innocently soft facial features. Her body is athletically thin and taller than most women; her height only making her stature more impressive when she grows to superhuman size. What really makes her stand out on the poolside is the fact that her young body has only just started to develop. She lacks almost all womanly curves: her breasts are almost non-existent, her hips still narrow, but her ass has begun to take shape, growing perky in recent months. 

Hawkette is almost the exact opposite of her. With one look at her there is no doubt she is a full grown woman. She has short, dark hair with sharp, angular facial features. She is short with a body that's taken an extra helping of sexy curves. Her breasts were large and her ass plump, but all the soft, sensual flesh hides a body that is strong and fast. And, as always, a pair of sleek sunglasses sit on her face, as much part of her demeanor as her sarcastic humor. 

Not technically superpowered, Hawkette is one of the many Revengers whose body is at such a peak that they are able to keep company with gods and super soldiers. But Hawkette has more to offer than being a highly trained soldier with a deadly body: she is the world's greatest markswoman. During her years in the military she felt guns no longer prevented a challenge, so she took up using a bow and arrow. Now she fights alongside the Revengers, her arrows never missing and each one tipped with some kind of high tech arrow head. 

Lying between them, as if keeping two such opposite personalities from inhabitation the same space, is the Red Widow. Anastasia Abromavich is an ex-Russian spy who works as the team's liaison with P.R.O.T.E.C.T.I.O.N. (the spy agency responsible for monitoring and preventing all superpowered activity across the globe). The redhead is as sexy as she is deadly, and rumored to have been as deadly in bed before she reformed and became a superhero. 

Like the two women next to her she wears a skimpy bikini, but unlike them she hasn't fully abandoned her costume. On her wrists are her Widow Stingers, the metal arm bands that work as her primary weapons as well as a mobile communication center.  

A blue light appeared on one arm band, signaling an incoming message. She flipped a panel open, revealing a small video screen. It came to life, showing the face of middle aged black man, one side of his face scared with an eye patch covering his mutilated eye. "Agent Abromavich," he said in a gruff, no-nonsense tone, "We need you back at Hellicarrier Number 3, ASAP!" 

She sat up, holding the video screen up before her face. "Yes, sir, Director Anger! Give me a minute to get dressed and I'll head right there. Shall I take one of the compounds Victory Jets?" 

"Yes, that would be the fastest way. The science team has been getting some strange readings and I'd like you to take a look at them. We can go over their findings together then you can bring a report back to the Revengers." 

The screen went blank for a moment, as if there was suddenly some kind of interference. When the image of Director Anger reappeared his face looked confused. He looked around, as if unsure where he was, but once he looked at the video monitor before him he seemed to find his mental footing. "Ah, yes, there's also something else I need you to see. Something the science team has whipped up recently and I think you would be the perfect... uh... woman to evaluate it for us." 

"Of course, sir, I'll be there as soon as posible!" She turned the communicator off and got to her feet. "Sorry, ladies, but it looks like I'm going to have to leave you both here to enjoy the sun alone." 

"Not alone," a fourth voice said. The three women turned to see Tanya Fark, now dressed in a bikini and holding a martini in one hand, walking out of the mansion. "It's a shame you're leaving Anastasia, my eyes are going to miss being able to drink in that fine body of yours." 

Size Lass giggled as if she were scandalized to see a woman flirting with another woman, while Hawkette just rolled her eyes. Red Widow simply met Iron Woman's gaze and walked up to her as if she were a supermodel on a catwalk. "We both know you're all talk, Tanya." She blew her a little kiss as she walked by. 

Iron Woman waved a hand in front of her own face as if she were about to feint. "Have mercy on me! A kiss from such a sexy woman, how could I ever recover?" 

"You'll manage, you always do," Red Widow said without turning around, then entered the mansion. 

Size Lass continued to giggle. "How's the sun today, ladies?" Iron Woman asked them. 

"Oh, you know, shinning like it always does," Hawkette said in a sarcastic tone. "What's wrong Tanya, can't figure that out without your suit of armor telling you?" 

Tanya sat down on the chair Red Widow had recently vacated. "Cold be, or it might be this drink," she lifted it up then took a sip. "It's actually my fourth today and I've got to say, it has me feeling pretty lubricated." 

Hawkette sat up and lowered her shades a bit, a surprised look on her face. "I thought you didn't drink anymore. I assumed that wasn't actually booze. You fall off the wagon?" 

"What are you talking about? I never stopped... wait... I did stop drinking, didn't I?" She looked disoriented for a moment. "I could have sworn—" 

But whatever she was going to say was cut off. Baldur flung the doors to the mansion open and stepped out into the summer sun. His arms were raised into the air and he wore a wide grin across his face. The three heroines looked at him with shock on their faces, as the wide grin was ALL he was wearing. Every inch of his super muscled body glistened in the sun as if he had just been freshly oiled. 

He flexed his muscles for them, as if putting on a show. As he did this he seemed to glow, suddenly giving off some kind of godly energy. The energy hit the three women like a ton of bricks, befuddling their minds and leaving them temporally enthralled to the god before them. This was a power Baldur had always had, one that caused lust in those that viewed him, but it was one he had never used since returning to Earth. In that moment he didn't realize he had just used the power, and wouldn't notice till much later that he was affecting the minds of his teammates. 

The three heroines were blissfully unaware that the god was affecting their minds and libidos as well. They all thought they were so stunned and suddenly aroused simply because they had never seen their teammate naked. His body was perfect, literally that of a god. But the thing that shocked them most was his manhood: it was the largest any of the women had ever seen. It was almost intimidatingly large, and it wasn't even hard! 

"All Father be praised, this is perhaps the brightest I have ever seen the sun shine on Midgard!" He looked at the women sitting by the edge of the pool. "And such lovely company! Come, women of Midgard, come swim with Baldur the god beauty and justice!" As soon as the words were out of his mouth he ran towards the pool and jumped into it, sending water splashing out onto them. 

The cool water knocked the shocked expressions off of the three women's faces. Iron Woman set her drink down and turned to Hawkette. "Shit, you ever notice how fucking hot Baldur is before?" 

Hawkette lowered her sunglasses even more, watching as the god splash about in the pool, flexing his muscles at the women watching him. "Now that you mention it, no, not really. I mean, we're always so busy saving the world that I don't think about sex any more. Hell... I can't even remember the last time I got laid." Hawkette and Iron Woman stared at Baldur, their mouths hanging open. 

"Uh, hey, I'm kind of new to guys," Size Lass said. "His, you know, THING, it's pretty damn big, isn't it?" 

"YES," the other two heroines said emphatically in unison. 

"I was with a lot of guys before I built my armor," Iron Woman started saying, "so I've had a good sampling size of men's size. And I can honestly say that's the biggest 'thing' I've ever seen. And just imagine how much bigger it will look when it gets hard!" 

"What do you mean, 'when it gets hard'? You planning on starting something, Tanya?" Hawkette asked. 

"Most definitely. Come on ladies, it's time the women of Earth showed their thanks to the god of beauty and justice. He has saved our lives countless times, I think we can give him one little orgy as thanks." 

Almost in unison the three heroines got to their feet and began taking their bikinis off. A minute later they were all naked and leaping into the pool after Baldur. They swam up to him, surrounding his naked body and moving in like hungry piranhas. 

"Ah, my fellow Revengers, I see you have decided to enjoy the feel of this cool water on your naked flesh as well! And it joys me greatly to see you growing more comfortable with your naked bodies." 

Iron Woman got in front of him and swam closer, pressing her naked flesh up against his and wrapping her arms around him. "I think we'd be even more comfortable if we showed you some thanks for all you've done for us." 

Hawkette and Size Lass attached themselves to him too, all three women wriggling their bodies sensually against his. 

"Yes," Hawkette said, lifting her large breasts up and pressing them against Baldur's body. "Let us thank you with every inch of our flesh." 

Baldur held his arms up as if he were suddenly afraid to touch the women pressing up against him. "What is this? Iron Woman, Hawkette, Size Lass! This is not like you! I couldn't possibly—" His voice cut off. The crystal hanging off the necklace he wore around his neck glowed for a moment, then went dark. "Yes, yes," he said as if suddenly understanding something. "My mortal friends, I think I am well due the pleasures of your bodies." 

He lowered his arms, wrapping them around Size Lass and Hawkette. Iron Woman, still in front of Baldur, wrapped her arms around his neck and lifted herself up. A moment later they were sharing a deeply passionate kiss as Baldur began to feel up the two naked bodies he held in both arms. 

Sometime later Iron Woman pulled away from Baldur with a shocked gasp. She looked down, visually confirming what she felt. Baldur's shaft was so large and hard that she was sitting on it, lifted slightly out of the water! Her two teammates noticed and gasped as well. "Come, ladies, I think we need to move this orgy poolside. It looks as though my not so little god is ready to enjoy the pleasures you are all offering me!" 

Size lass pulled away from the other three and began to grow. A moment later she was large enough to pick her three teammates up and place them down next to the pool. Before she even had the time to shrink back down to normal size Iron Woman and Hawkette were kneeling before Baldur, licking and sucking his cock. 

His massive member was so long and large around that even after Size Lass had rejoined her teammates all three women were easily able to suck and slurp at it all at once. Baldur stood tall, the wide goofy grin back on his face. "Oh yes, such skilled mouths you all have! I haven't enjoyed such pleasures on Midgard since... well, I don't think I ever have!" He looked down at the three women. "My cock desires to feel the inside of one of your mouths, who can give me this favor?" 

Iron Woman was the first to try giving him head. But she found his cock was too big, all she was able to get in her mouth was part of his cockhead. She moved out of the way and let Hawkette try next. Again, she could only get part of the tip in her mouth. She tried to make up for this by wrapping her breasts around his shaft but he brushed her away. "Nay, as nice as your fat udders feel around my shaft it is not what I desire now. What about you, Size Lass?" 

She nervously approached his cock on her knees. She looked at it as if she was uncertain exactly what to do. "I've never... I mean, you know... never put a guy's thing in my mouth. I saw them sucking and licking it and joined in but this..." She took a deep breath. "But I think I know what to do, and I can make it fit..." She wrapped her hands around Baldur's shaft and opened her mouth. She tried to take it in her mouth, and just like the women before her, her mouth wasn't big enough. But unlike them she could change her size. 

Size Lass began to grow till his overlarge cock fit in her mouth. Baldur moaned as she took it into her. She began to pull away from it but Baldur then forced it back into her mouth. The young, inexperienced woman began to gag and fight to pull way, but Iron Woman and Hawkette were soon at her side, holding her heard in place. They began to whisper into her ears, telling her what to do as Baldur began fucking her face. Before long the young heroine was sucking cock like a pro, thanks to her teammates help. 

Baldur showed his appreciation by taking the two women in his arms. He held them next to him, reaching down under their asses and fingering their wet cunt holes as Size Lass worked his cock. He began to glow again, reflexively sending out energy that warmed the women to his touch. Before long both heroines had cum from his highly skilled fingers. Not long after that he came as well, sending an inhuman amount of divine cum shooting into the young Size Lass' mouth. Once he was done she pulled away, vomiting much of the thick fluid up. 

"Damn! That's a lot of cum," Hawkette said, shocked at the sight of how much her young teammate had coughed up. 

"Never mind that," Iron woman said, "Baldur's still hard!" 

"Aye," he said, confused. "Do the men of Midgard lose their iron after getting off just once? How sad for the women of this world... in Asgard a man isn't satisfied till he's cum at least three times!" 

"Well then, we've got a lot more work to do," Iron Woman said. She pushed Size Lass out of the way and bent over, shoving her cunt at his cock. "I know it's big, but I can take it." He happily grabbed her ass and began forcing his massive member into her. She groaned and gritted her teeth at first, but eventually her body adjusted to his size. Once he had started fucking her he began to glow again, filling his partner with sexual energies that ensured she came fast and then continued to cum as he pounded her hard and long. 

By the time he had cum and was done with her Iron Woman lay face down on the ground having cum so much she was barely conscious. Thick semen slowly trickled out of her cunt, pooling up under her body. Her vaginal opening was stretched wide open but slowly returning to its normal size. 

Baldur then turned his attentions to Hawkette. While he had been fucking Iron Woman the sexually intoxicating energies he gave off had affected the other two heroines. They had started to kiss, then been overcome with the desire to explore the Sapphic desires that had been buried deep in them. By the time Baldur turned his attention to Hawkette she sat atop Size Lass, grinding her cunt on the young woman's face as she ate her out. 

Stepping up to Hawkette, Baldur slammed his cum covered cock down between the heroine's breasts. "I think I'd like to feel those big tits of yours wrapped around my shaft now." 

"Yessssssss," Hawkette hissed, grabbing her breasts and doing just as she was asked. Baldur fucked her tits till he came, stepping back and spraying his seed all over the two women. Still his cock was hard. 

He picked Size Lass up and lifted her into the air, placing her cunt on the tip of his erect cock. "Grow larger to fit me inside of you," he purred at her. She followed his command, moaning in pleasure as he slid her down onto his long, thick shaft. Holding her by the stomach he then began to work her body up and down his cock. "Now shrink. Shrink till you are tight like a virgin and my cock almost pains you." Blushing wildly the young woman followed orders, moaning and screaming till the god came inside of her. 

Still Baldur was not satisfied. He continued fucking the heroines, partaking of the pleasures of their bodies. They happily satisfied his every whim, although by the end their bodies were sore and their minds nearly broken from the number of orgasms he fucked out of them. 

* * * 

No one else in the mansion was aware of the sexual depravity going on next to the pool except one: the artificial man known as The Visionary. 

Every room of the Mansion had state of the art security systems installed, and that included video cameras. He had watched Lieutenant America as she had begun to explore her body. Her exploration had made him feel strange feelings as well, feelings he hadn't been able to ignore. He had pulled his synthetic cock out of his costume and began jerking off to the sight of her masturbating under the covers of her bed. Once the orgy by the pool had started he had turned his attention there. 

He had ejaculated multiple times. Each time his synthetic synapses had been overwhelmed with pleasure. He saw no reason to stop, not reason not to pleasure himself. Once the poolside orgy was over he began to reply it on a loop, masturbating to the sight of his teammates fucking and no longer concerned with anything else going on in any of the Revengers Mansion's other security monitors. 

* * * 

After the orgy Baldur had retired to his room to shower and recover. He felt physically drained but more relieved and relaxed than he had ever felt on Earth. It was only after he had sat on his bed for a time that he realized how strange what had transpired was. 

He leapt to his feet and began to pace back and forth. "I was so overjoyed that I let my godly powers overcome them! How could I be so reckless? How could I take advantage of mortals in such a way? And to enjoy it so much... they are like animals to me, below such attention!" He walked to a mirror hung on the wall and looked at himself. "This kind of depravity is not like me." 

A ghostly shade seemed to appear in the mirror beside him. It was Loki, his evil brother. Baldur seemed not to see the figure but as it began to speak he reacted as if some part of him heard the words. "Calm, brother. You did nothing wrong. If anything, these mortals owe you such pleasures after all the times you have saved them and their pathetic home. Why, they should be offering their bodies up to you every day, worshiping you as the god you are!" 
