 "Mommy, I don't want you to go!" Ella hiccupped. 

I'd just checked my luggage and she and my mother were telling me goodbye before I headed to my gate.

The front I'd had for the past week crumbled as my little girl looked up at me, her gray eyes brimming with another batch of tears to streak her already wet cheeks. I dropped to my knees, cupped her cherubic face in my hands, and let my own tears spill over. Ella was my life. Since her father Jordan was white, she was a few shades lighter than me with these eyes that I couldn't explain or take credit for. They were gray, but more accurately silver. They reminded me of liquid mercury once it hit the air, thick with a hint of wisdom behind them. She had my ears, though...and dark brown hair that grew faster than I could get her into the salon. My baby was beautiful and to see her crying because of me hurt to my bones. Ella wrapped her slender arms around my neck and buried her face in my shoulder.

"Oh, sugar," I choked running my hand over her hair, "I know we've never been apart, but I need to do something really important and I can't just snatch you outta school right before the year ends. You don't want to repeat the first grade next year do you?"

"It was kinda fun," Ella mumbled. "Maybe it wouldn't be too bad to do it again."

I smiled. "You say that now, but let me tell you something." I put my hands on her shoulders and held her so I could look into her eyes. "Second grade will be way more fun. You just finish up these last three weeks and if I'm not back by the time summer break comes around, you'll come to me okay?"

She shrugged.

"Will you take care of my mama for me until then?" I asked my daughter.

"Yeah," Ella said in a small voice before hugging me again.

***

The plane trip was torture. Ten hours in the air was just so wrong, even if it was first class. I'd watched three movies, had five flutes of champagne, and slept the other four hours. When we de-boarded, I thought I'd just pick up my luggage and call a taxi. Wrong! After an hour and a half in line at customs, a heavy-set, pasty bald man looked at my passport, stamped it, and muttered something that sounded like, "We'll come to in land." 

I guessed he meant to say, "Welcome to England." I thanked him and glanced back at the poor bastards that were still in the cattle-line behind me. "What a way to start a vacation," I mumbled.

I moved over to where the other passengers had been shepherded and milled around a luggage spinning machine. I was engrossed with studying the people around me, noting the diversity. There were people of all races speaking languages I couldn't even begin to guess at. 

Suddenly a red light began spinning and my attention went to the machine that had suddenly groaned to life and began rotating suitcases. 

My bag wasn't in the first three passes, but the next time I saw it and moved forward to pull it off. I didn't expect it to be that heavy. I'd pulled it on its wheels when I'd checked it, but those wheels were doing no good while it was on its side...and moving. I side-stepped along with the bag pulling at it, my carry-on bag slipped from my shoulder causing me to lose my grip as the suitcase made its way back into the abyss. 

I cursed and hurried back to the other side where it would appear again. This time I planted my feet, grabbed an accessible handle with both hands, and tugged with all my strength. It budged! Then the machine lurched and the bag escaped my grip. Unfortunately, my Nikes still had quite a grip on the linoleum floor and I ended up flat on my ass as my suitcase once again made its way back into the darkness. 

The people around me stared and I distinctly heard some giggling. My face flushed as I stood and tried to quickly formulate another plan of attack. Just as the stubborn suitcase came into sight again, a man stepped up beside me. I couldn't see much of him, just his broad shoulders and his back. I did notice that he seemed to be stretching his gray t-shirt nicely. Oh, and his hair was long, in fact his blonde ponytail was longer than my own. As I watched he reached down, grabbed two handles and lifted my bag. He planted firmly on the floor, on its wheels before he turned and offered me the handle.

"Sure, make it look easy," I said, pretty sure my face was completely red from embarrassment.

"You must be Deidre," he said. 

I hadn't looked him in the face until that moment. How did he know my name and how was it that his British accent made it sound so good? 

This guy was tall. I was above average at 5'8", but he had me beat by a head. I looked up and studied him for a moment. He had chiseled features; his hair was actually dirty blonde and matched his dark blue eyes nicely. He had high cheekbones and a Roman nose. His mouth was full and pink. The rest of him wasn't too shabby either, he was bulky, that's for sure, with those shoulders and his large pectorals evident under the t-shirt. His jeans were a bit tight across the thighs...oh...and the crotch and he was definitely bulky there too! 

"How do you know me?" I asked when I'd finished my appraisal of his looks...and his package.

"You seem to be the only American in the middle of Stanstead Airport at this moment that looks completely lost. Everyone else has met up with their party or headed toward the transportation. Plus, Trilla gave me a very accurate description of you."

"Oh, so you're my ride?" I asked trying to gloss over what he'd said about my looking lost. Let's face it, I was completely lost. At this moment, I was Alice and this bustling crowded airport was my rabbit hole.

"I'm Tolem," he said bowing his head slightly; "I'll be escorting you to Ellyrinia. It is now six in the evening. We can be there by eight if we leave immediately."

"Great," I said smiling, "Lead on, White Rabbit."

"Excuse me?" he said raising an eyebrow as he relieved me of my carry-on and the handle of the bigger suitcase.

"You know, like in Alice in Wonderland...down the rabbit hole...uh...never mind." 

He nodded and began walking through the crowd. I had to take quick steps to keep up with his long strides, but his girth effectively cleared a path all the way to the parking lot. Once we got to the car I tried to take back my carry-on back but he insisted I get in the car and let him handle the luggage.

I automatically went to the right side of the car but when I saw the steering wheel, I quickly corrected myself and walked around to the other side. I didn't hear any snickering so I assumed that Tolem had missed my mistake.

***

Evidently Tolem was not only my driver; he was some sort of personal assistant. After the drive, which I gladly slept through, he pulled up to a magnificent house...well, castle. It was on a hill, surrounded at the foot by an entire village. There was a tower and everything. I was pretty sure that it didn't compare to Windsor Castle but for a girl from Deluge, Georgia a castle of any size was pretty damned impressive.

He unloaded my bags and took them inside. I followed quickly, missing what I'm sure were some beautiful decorations in my attempt to keep up with him. He went upstairs, not even using the wheels on the suitcase, just carrying the damn thing with one hand. I watched his bicep which was huge with the effort of carrying the bag, but he showed no excerption otherwise. He didn't even break a sweat and let me tell you, half way up the staircase my thighs had started to burn like I'd been on the treadmill for an hour!

He led me across the second floor and set my bags just outside a door. He opened it slowly, stepped inside, flipped on the light, and then held it open for me to enter. It wasn't until after he'd brought my bags into the bedroom that he spoke.

"Did you leave anything at home?" he asked as he lifted the suitcase onto the bed. It bounced and the mattress squeaked as if to emphasize his point.

"Just my daughter," I snapped. Okay, so I'd over packed a little! Nobody told him to be all Herculean and not use the wheels!

He didn't say anything.

"Gosh, I'm sorry for sniping at you. It's just that I was a little emotional when I was packing so I may have over done it."

He unzipped the bag and tossed it open. A tangle of shirts, jeans, and scattered shoes swelled up and out once free of confinement. "This is what you call packing? Everything is a wrinkled mess."

I blushed. "That's how I pack. Are you going to give me grief because I didn't fold my shirts and roll my jeans?"

He watched me for a second before he responded. "I won't give you grief over it, but you may not want to broadcast it in town just yet."

"Why?"

His gaze left me and returned to my jumble of clothes. "I don't think they need to know that their future queen can't be bothered to fold her shirts and roll her jeans."

I snorted out a laugh. "I know you're not talkin' about me! I'm no queen. I just came here to find out about my father, then I'm going back home...to my real family."

He stepped away from the bed and moved closer to me. I instinctively took a step back. I assume its instinct to retreat when a 6'5" man is moving into your space...or maybe that's just me. "You are our queen," he said with an air of finality.

"No sir," I said staring up into his eyes. "I believe my father's widow is your queen."

Tolem frowned. "Our laws dictate..."

I held up a hand to stop whatever he was about to say. "I'm really not interested."

He gave me a pointed glare before turning away from me. I noticed that his ears, just like Trilla's were large and pointed at the top. I hadn't noticed before because somehow he'd pulled his hair back in a way that camouflaged it. Now, the hair was falling loose of the ponytail.

"So what's the deal with your ears?" I asked forgetting the manners my mama had taught me. Curiosity got the better of my sweet Southern upbringing.

"Excuse me?" Tolem said raising that eyebrow again.

"What I mean is: I noticed that your ears are pointed, Trilla's ears are pointed, and my father's were pointed. My ears are kind of like that too, just not as –uh- big as yours. Are pointy ears the standard around here, because I thought I was the only one with them until I met you and Trilla? I don't mean to offend, I was just wonderin'."

Tolem stared at me a moment. He seemed to be wrestling with a decision. Finally he sighed and uncrossed his arms. "These ears are standard in our society."

I nodded.

"We're elves."

It was my turn to stare. He couldn't be serious! There was no hint of joking in his face, though. He maintained that cool, unaffected look as he stood there watching my reaction. Finally, I laughed. 

"I'm sorry, I must be jet-lagged outta my mind because I thought I heard you say that we're elves." 

His blue eyes narrowed and his jaw set. "That is exactly what I said. We are elves."

I frowned. "Look, I'm all for a good joke every once in a while, and I didn't mean to insult your ears. It was just a question."

"I am not joking."

My stomach did a quick flip flop and I sunk onto a conveniently located chair. I didn't realize my hand was on my stomach until Tolem asked if I was hungry. I nodded and he excused himself to find something for me to eat for dinner. I wondered how I was going to choke down food while dealing with the fact that I had just found out that I was only half human and the other half of me was something out of a fairy tale. Part of my DNA was something that didn't exist, at least not where I was raised.

When Tolem returned, he informed me that my dinner was being prepared. "Also, your step-mother would like an audience with you."

I had been putting my wrinkled clothes into a large armoire but I froze. "Audience?"

"She'd like to meet you," he said.

"I know what audience means," I snapped. I had only been in the country for a few hours and it was already time to have an awkward meeting. I sighed. I really should have been able to get a good night's sleep before dealing with the dysfunction my father had left behind! Trouble was, I wasn't tired...damned time difference. "Let's go then."

I followed him downstairs and toward the back of the house. I remained quiet, I'd been dreading this moment for over a week. Tolem opened a heavy door to reveal a large bright room. It seemed like a grand hall with polished marble floors and heavy burgundy window coverings. The entire room had to be around half a football field big, and was empty but for three black chairs in the center.

A very tall woman stood and turned to face us. She had long blonde braide down her back and a slender silver circle rested atop her head. She was beautiful, slim nose, slanted blue eyes, and full red lips. Her sharply pointed ears sported at least seven silver loops including one set at the point.

She wore a pale yellow gown with a low scoop neck that showed off cleavage, but in a subtle way.

"Lady, Ilyn," Tolem said with a stiff bow. "I present Deidre Ellette St. Germaine."

I watched as she tipped her head ever-so-slightly. "Please, Deidre," she said, her voice soft as a light breeze, "have a seat."

I took the chair across from her.

"Your father spoke often of you," she said as she sat. "You are even more beautiful than he described."

"Thank you," I said quietly.

"Look at the dress I've found for the coronation!" a shrill voice boomed through the empty hall. "Isn't it beautiful?"

I turned to see a woman roughly my age hurrying into the room. She wore a dazzling gold and white ball gown. Her long blonde hair flew behind her. She looked almost exactly like Ilyn, just thinner and not as pale.

"Oh," she said slowing to a walk when she noticed me. Her pale blue eyes narrowed to slits. "Who is this?"

"Lyrik, this is your sister...your American sister, Deidre."

"Oh...they found her, but I thought..."

"Yes, we thought it would take months, but it didn't take very long at all," Ilyn said giving Lyrik a pointed glare.

"So," Lyrik said turning to me, "You will probably need this dress."

"I don't know what you mean," I said shifting in my seat. Lyrik's cold blue gaze was unsettling. "I don't think it will fit me."

"You're going to be the one crowned...not me." Her pout struck me as childish and I looked away as she sunk into a chair. The ball gown swelled around her then seemed to deflate as it settled.

"She is the first born," Ilyn said patting her daughter's hand.

"I'm sorry," I said in the silence that followed. "I am just here to get to know my father...as much as I can at this point." My voice caught. "I don't know anything about a coronation."

"Lyrik finally looked at me. "You don't know?"

"Your father was a king, Deidre. You are his heir." Ilyn leaned forward as she spoke.

"I know. That's what his letter said. I just want both of you to know that I didn't come here for money. I just want to find out about my father."

Ilyn blinked rapidly. "He was a great man." Lyrik sighed. She was confused. If her step-father's illegitimate daughter hadn't come to Ellyrinia to ascend the throne, why had she come? She didn't believe that Deidre had no intent on the throne or at least the financial benefits of being royalty. How could she not? It was every little girl's dream to be a princess, after all.

"I don't want to be rude," Deidre said interrupting her step-sister's thoughts. "I'm starting to get sleepy so if you'd excuse me, I'm going to go up to bed now."

***

Trilla gave a huge grin and pushed her inky black bangs out of her brilliant green eyes. I was struck by the many contrasts in her appearance, lily-white skin with a smattering of freckles across her narrow nose, pitch-black hair, and emerald eyes. I couldn't help but marvel at the consistent beauty that maintained throughout elfin society.

Tolem had woken me up with a very impolite knock an hour before. After a quick shower and pulling on some wrinkled jeans, a black t-shirt, and some sandals I hurried downstairs. He'd said the dining room was to the right of the stairs but when I got to the bottom, Trilla was waiting.

"It's so nice to see you, Deidre!" Trilla gushed pumping my hand a bit too roughly.

"You too."

"I can't believe the seer was right! She said you'd come, but after meeting you, I was fairly sure you wouldn't. Now, here you are! Finally, you can take the crown!"

I gasped and pulled my hand from hers. There seemed to be a re-occurring theme in Ellyrinia. "I really don't think so."

Her grin vanished and her dark eyebrows came together. "What?"

"I don't want to be queen."

Trilla blinked at me. "But you must."

I frowned. "I don't know how you do it in the UK, but I'm American and I have the right to do...or not do...whatever I want."

"If you don't accept the crown, the blood line will be broken."

"My step-sister seems thrilled to get that crown."

"No. No. No. She's an absolute nightmare. She can not be queen."

"Trilla," I snapped, "why are you so concerned?"

"I know Lyrik. She will be a tyrant!"

"Not my problem," I said with a shrug.

"These are your people," Trilla snapped.

"I don't know any of these people," I insisted.

Trilla flipped her long hair back and crossed her slender arms. "Different country, different accent, different beliefs..." She narrowed her wide eyes. "Same blood."

I opened my mouth to protest but she turned away and stalked off in a flourish of dark hair, 

willowy limbs, and long, flowing skirts.

"Damn it," I mumbled. "These people are so stubborn!"