 "I need to go to a library," I informed Tolem after I'd finished my breakfast. I'd had eggs and toast. I decided that I'd have to speak to the cook about being a little more creative with my meals. I grew up with grits and red-eye gravy on tope of a slice of ham, or biscuits and sausage gravy, or at least eggs and bacon. The point? It was after ten o'clock and I'd ingested zero pork! What is breakfast without ham, bacon, or sausage? It just ain't right!

"Library?" Tolem repeated.

"Yes, it has books in it and newspapers, and videos."

"I'm aware of what a library contains, but our village does not have such a building. Are you looking for something specific?"

"Yes, I want to read up on my family's history, maybe check out a family tree or two." We were standing in the dining room. Tolem had walked in as soon as my plates had been cleared.

"The royal family's history is maintained in the castle. Trilla can help you find the appropriate information. I will take you to her office."

I frowned. Trilla probably wouldn't be too thrilled to see me after our pre-breakfast argument. I shrugged and followed Tolem as he left the room. Argument or no, Trilla would just have to get over it! I was in England for a reason and she'd be dealing with me until I was satisfied enough to go back home to Georgia.

The walk across the first floor of the castle was slower this time. Tolem seemed to be shortening his gait for me, thankfully. I took the chance to observe the brilliant paintings hanging in gold frames, the red and tan tiled floor that echoed with our steps, the heavy hanging Gone With the Wind type curtains, and the errant bodies that scurried around us, eyes forward, hard at work carrying loads of clothes, shoes, vegetables, and mops.

Tolem stopped short at a heavy-looking door and I stopped just short of running into his broad back. He knocked and the sound echoed down the corridor. Trilla didn't look happy to see me when she opened the door. Her face registered disgust, or at the least annoyance, but she bowed her head to me and then Tolem. "Please come in," she muttered.

Trilla's office was close enough to a library. A large desk was in the middle of the room. The four surrounding walls were lined with bookshelves packed to capacity. There was a world atlas open on a table in a corner, a massive file cabinet in another corner and not one window. The effect was cavernous…and claustrophobic. 

"Can I help you?" Trilla said curtly.

Tolem nodded at me but I didn't say anything. I jerked my head toward Trilla, trying to get him to ask for me. He narrowed his eyes at me and remained silent. 

"Trilla," I said with a sigh, "I'm sorry for the disagreement we had this morning." Tolem's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "It's just that all this is a bit much. A couple weeks ago I was a single mom with a shitty job and now I'm a princess in line for the crown. I've been overwhelmed and I think I was too harsh with you. Please forgive me."

Trilla's shoulders softened and so did her expression. "Please, don't apologize, your highness. It is understandable and I should not have been so insistent. Will you accept my apology?"

"Of course, Trilla." I decided to ignore the your highness thing for the sake of peace. "I've come to ask for your help. I would like to get started on learning my father's history. Do you have some books that contain his genealogy? Maybe some historical texts."

Trilla nodded. "In learning your father's history, you must also learn the history of our people. Are you willing to do that?"

"Of course," I answered smiling. Who wouldn't want to find out all the information possible about elves?

Trilla returned my smile and immediately began to dart around the room. She pulled from the bookshelves large, dusty hardcover books and piled them into Tolem's arms. I listened as she recited the titles; The History of Elves, The Origin of the European Elvin Monarchy, A Tale of Two Elves, Magic and Mystery, What the Humans Really Think, An Atlas of Elvin Colonies in the New World, Elvin Innovations, and finally St. Germaine, A Royal Timeline. The pile reached Tolem's chin.

"That's a lot of books," I said staring at the heap. 

Trilla smiled. "That's just the basics. I'll help you carry them up to your room." She took two of the books from the top of the pile and I opened the door for us to exit the cramped office.

Back in my room the three of us stared at the books that had been placed on the desk. 

"Please be careful with them," Trilla said picking up The History of Elves. She took a seat in a nearby chair and looked at Tolem. "Protect them as you do her."

Tolem nodded and I came to a realization. 

"So, you're my bodyguard?" I asked Tolem.

"Security detail," he said with a shrug of his massive shoulders.

"Shouldn't you have a bow and arrows?" 

"I believe you are comparing me with that blonde elf from the movie about the ring," he said fixing a cool gaze on me. "I am nothing like him, or the actor that portrays him."

"I'll say; if you were anything like Orlando Bloom..." I fanned myself with my hand. "Let's just say, we wouldn't be standing right now." I jerked my head at the bed across the room.

Tolem's blonde eye-brows lifted in surprise. "You do not feel I am as attractive as Orlando Bloom?"

I blushed. "You're attractive too, but he's tall and thin. You're tall and wide…and muscular."

"In my profession, muscles are an attribute. I am here for your security."

"Well, I feel very secure."

Tolem rolled his eyes and walked past me, closing the bedroom door behind him. 

"What'd I say?" I asked turning to Trilla.

"You mocked his profession. Security Elves are born into that birthright, and trained up from a very young age." Her tone was serious, but she looked as if she wanted to laugh.

"I didn't mock!" I exclaimed. "I said I felt secure, that should be taken as a compliment."

"You compared him to a fictional character, and worse yet, a Hollywood actor."

"Actually, Orlando Bloom is a British actor."

Trilla gave me a look that rivaled my mother's cut the crap young lady, look.

"Fine," I said with a sigh. "I'll go apologize."

Trilla smiled and looked back down at the large book that sat in her lap.

 ***

Tolem was standing just outside the bedroom door with his arms crossed. I apologized for the second time that hour but he just fixed me with a cool look.

"You do not understand anything about us," he muttered shaking his head.

Where did that come from? "I know that. That's why I've got all those books in there." I jerked my thumb at my bedroom door. 

He snorted. "You are only interested in yourself. You won't read all those books!"

How dare him! I had intended to scan the first paragraph of each page in every single one of those books! "You don't know me!" I snapped.

"I believe I do, your highness," he spat the last two words. "You are self-involved and completely maddening."

Maddening? Me? "You know what?" I yelled. "Just because you're the size of a tree doesn't mean you can disrespect me!"

"Why, because you're a princess?" His mouth twisted into a smirk.

"No, smartass, because I'm a woman and I was taught that I don't have to put up with being disrespected by anyone, much less a pale, foreign, wannabe body builder!" 

He rolled his eyes. "You are the foreigner here, your highness."

I balled up my fists but kept them at my sides. Damn it, he was right! "Be that as it may, don't you ever talk to me like that again…and stop calling me your highness!"

He leaned forward, bringing his face inches from mine. "What are you going to do about it?"

My hands shook from the effort it took to keep from slapping his face. "I'll have you dismissed," I answered. "All that training will go to waste once you're unemployed!"

Tolem frowned. "You can not dismiss me."

"See if I don't try!" I used both hands to shove his chest (he didn't budge at all) before turning and returning to my room.

Trilla stared at me as I stormed in and fell onto the freshly made bed. "Were you yelling?"

I nodded.

"I don't think you did that apology the right way, then." She closed the book and returned it to the pile.

"He's impossible. I want a different body guard!" 

Trilla wrung her hands and frowned. "I can't do that, your highness. Tolem is your security detail for a reason."

"What reason?" I asked sitting up so I could look at her.

"He's the best."

"The best what…the best asshole?"

Trilla shook her head and her long hair swung gently. "The security detail that protects the king and queen can only be the most highly-trained, proficiency proven, and intelligent candidates."

"So, he's the best you've got?!" I shrieked. "You've got to be joking!"

Trilla shook her head again and dropped her gaze to the floor. "Tolem was taken on especially for you."

"For me?" I repeated. I couldn't believe it. How did I get stuck with this grumpy, snarky, smart-mouthed giant for a body guard? "Well, I think we need to find me a new body guard."

"Security detail," Trilla corrected.

"Whatever!"

Trilla sighed. "I will speak to your step mother about it." She left quickly and I lay in bed pouting for twenty minutes before I decided to call my mom and daughter. They would make me feel better! They didn't think I was self-involved and maddening!

***

"Mommy, I miss you!" Ella gushed when she took the phone from my mother.

Ah, that's just what I needed. How could anyone self-involved be so loved by the people who really knew her. "I miss you too, baby! How's school?"

"Good, will you be home before it's over?"

I glanced at the books on the desk. "I don't know yet."

"Oh," Ella sighed. "I have a secret to tell you, mommy."

I smiled. "Are you sure you can tell me if it's a secret?"

"Yes, it's okay."

"Alright, then. What is it?"

"There's a boy that wants to kiss you," Ella whispered.

I laughed. "Where'd you get that idea from?"

"I don't know. I just know." 

"Well, Ella Bella, do you know who this boy is? Maybe I can keep an eye out for him."

"I don't know what he looks like, but he wants to kiss you really bad." Ella's voice was urgent.

I smiled. "Is it okay if I let him kiss me?"

She was quiet for a moment. "I think its okay."

"Wonderful!" I exclaimed. "Now I have something to look forward to!"

Ella giggled.

We talked for a few more minutes and I ended the conversation by promising my mother I'd call again sooner than later.

When I hung up the phone, I nearly jumped out of my skin when Lyrik burst into my room.

"You could knock!" I snapped before I could stop myself.

She blinked at me. "So sorry, I was just anxious to speak with you. I'm walking into town and I wonder if you'd go with me."

I shrugged. "Sure." It wasn't like I was trying to put off reading those books; it would be rude to turn down an invitation from your stepsister, right? Right.

Lyrik and I painted an odd picture as we strolled from the castle down to the town. I was in my wrinkled jeans and black AC/DC t-shirt; she wore a pale pink tea-length dress with ballerina flats and her blonde hair perfectly coiffed in a braid that hung over her left shoulder. 

"So, is there something specific you're looking for in town?" I asked her.

"No, I do this almost everyday. I walk around and converse with the people." 

"Why?"

Tolem snorted and I turned around to glare at him. He was walking a few paces behind us. 

"Well," Lyrik said waving at someone, "when you're a royal you have to stay in touch with your people."

"Oh."

I felt like a heel. It made perfect sense. It was like publicity or something. I was starting to think I should have stayed in my room. I stole another glance at Tolem but he didn't meet my gaze.

As we continued to walk, I noticed that many of the people Lyrik waved at did not actually make eye contact with her. They were going about their business, planting flower or sweeping sidewalks and didn't seem the least bit interested in my fair stepsister. It wasn't until a young girl of roughly eight walked up to us and stopped that anyone actually addressed Lyrik directly.

The little girl gave a quick bow, her brown head dipping just before she looked up at us with round eyes the color of melted chocolate. "Your highness," she said to Lyrik, "who do you have with you today?" Her eyes ventured over to me and I tried to smile at her. 

"This is my stepsister, Deidre," Lyrik said sweetly, "the king's daughter from America."

The little girls eyes went wide and she smiled at me. "Your highness," she said giving me a bow. 

I was about to tell her the bowing wasn't necessary but she ran off before I could open my mouth. I watched her long legs take her swiftly up the street in front of us before she disappeared into a shop with a red and white striped over hang.

"That was weird," I said to Lyrik.

She just shrugged and began walking again. We were almost to the shop where the little girl had run into when the crowd encircled us. Before I knew it, we were surrounded by a sea of people, all taller than me, except for the children. They were all speaking at once; none of them actually addressed me. It was strange to be talked about by everyone around you as they stared at you…it reminded me of high school.   Lyrik clapped her hands sharply and the hushed conversations quieted. "Everyone, this is Deidre. She is here for a short visit and will be returning to America soon. If anyone would like an audience with her, please go up the hill. Otherwise, we would like to continue on our way."

I stared at Lyrik. That whole speech was so rude! 

"Y'all don't have to go up the hill just to talk to me!" I contradicted. "I'm here right now if anyone wants to talk!" Lyrik glared at me and I suddenly felt myself being pulled backwards by a large hand on my upper arm.

"That is not a good idea, your highness," Tolem growled into my ear.

The gruffness in his voice made my nipples hard. Seriously, where did that come from?!?! I pulled away from him. "There's no sense in making these people go all the way up the hill when I'm already here!" When I turned around the little girl that had approached us earlier was standing there with a bouquet of flowers bigger than I'd ever seen. She bowed again and held them out to me. I accepted them, I liked her already! "What's your name?" I asked.

"Nissa," she answered with a dimpled grin. 

"It's so nice to meet you, Nissa. I have a daughter close to your age. Her name is Ella." 

"Is she here too?" Nissa asked looking behind me.

"No, she's still in America," I answered. "I was thinking that she should come here, though…you know, to check it out."

Nissa nodded. "She should come, your highness. She'd love it here!"

I smiled at her. "I think she would, especially if everyone is as nice as you." 

She blushed prettily, bowed again and stepped back into the crowd. Suddenly, the crowd erupted with questions about me, my daughter, my mother, my trip, what I thought of the village so far, and the most repeated: when I would be crowned. 

Tolem stepped in front of me and held out an arm. "This is not an interview session! Her highness could not possibly answer so many questions hurled at her at once. Please consider the situation! We are on the street!"

A slender woman stepped forward and bowed. She wore a simple blue dress that reached the sidewalk and had three gold earrings in both ears. Her skin was the color of mahogany and her eyes were pitch-black. "Your highness, I am Irmia. We are so glad you've come and wish you many years of rule." 

I opened my mouth to set her straight, but Lyrik spoke first.

"Deidre will not be taking her father's throne," she said loudly. "She is not interested in being your queen and has left that honor to me!"

The crowd went back to whispering and talking amongst each other. I glimpsed some scowls and dark looks shot at Lyrik and decided against confirming what she'd just said. The last thing I wanted was to incite a riot or something, assuming elves rioted. I mean, Trilla and Tolem seemed a little testy but certainly not riotous! 

"We must return to the castle," Tolem boomed. "Please make way!"

I watched as the crowd disbursed to go back to their prior business. 

"You didn't have to say it like that!" I hissed at Lyrik.

"What do you mean?" 

"You said I'm not interested in being their queen like…like I'm shirking my responsibilities or something!"

"You are," Tolem muttered.

Lyrik glared at him. "Your opinion is not needed, nor does it count for anything."

My mouth fell open, but Tolem's expression remained unchanged, as if she hadn't just sniped at him. "Don't talk to him like that!" I exclaimed. 

That changed his expression! Tolem looked at me like I was crazy…a look that matched Lyrik's.

"I mean…you shouldn't talk to people like that." Why had I just jumped to his defense like that? Considering I'd spoken to him way worse than that not that long ago.

"He spoke out of turn!" Lyrik said incredulously.

"He's an adult," I snapped, "He doesn't have to wait his turn to speak."

She smiled coldly at me. "Obviously, you do not understand the position of royals and those in their employ."

"I understand respect," I with a fake smile of my own, "and I understand that you don't treat people like shit just because you pay their salary."

Her pink mouth fell open and I took the opportunity to walk away from her before I did something violent or called her something rude, like a sniveling, spoiled, little bitch. I mean, it was true, but I didn't need to be the one to say it out loud. Tolem fell into step beside me as I made my way back to the castle.

"That was not necessary," he muttered once we were out of Lyrik's earshot.

"You know what?" I snapped. I stopped walking and turned to face him. "It was necessary, otherwise I wouldn't have said anything! What is with y'all?!"

He sighed. "I don't need you to defend me."

I crossed my arms and set my chin stubbornly. "Well, I don't need you to protect me, but every time I turn around…there you are!"

He smiled and I tried to ignore the way my heartbeat sped up. Damn he was gorgeous!

"Thank you," he said finally.

"You're welcome," I said turning back to continue my walk. "Now, can we stop somewhere for lunch? I'm starved."

 ***

Bulgur wheat and curried vegetables; that's what I'd eaten for lunch. Tolem had taken me to a tiny building that smelled heavenly, like peppers and spice and everything nice. The proprietor, a large tan-skinned man with colorful jewels embedded in the points of his ears had insisted that I need not look at the menu. He'd bring me the house special. What kind of special is bulgur wheat? It's like rice with an impenetrable shell! The curry sauce was outstanding but it would have been so much better on some meat, any meat! Where was the meat!?!?!

It was after three and I was well into the first chapter of The Origin of the European Elvin Monarchy when there was a knock on my bedroom door. I hurried to open it and found my step mother standing in the hall looking as dainty and demure as ever, even as she frowned at me. I sighed. I knew what this was about. She was going to bitch me out for calling Lyrik on her shit, but I wasn't trying to hear it. We were all adults, and I wasn't about to stand there and listen to her tell me to play nice with my little sister!

"Lady Ilyn," I said stepping aside so she could enter the room. She swept past me in a long purple dress.
