 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 77: Althaia

It was the night following Caleldir's marathon ordeal with the Rusalka. Tsabdrin sat on Althaia's bed, cross-legged, and with a book in front of him. His hair was loose around his face, and still slightly damp from when he had washed himself after a sparring match with both Ashyr and Phanuel. His armor was nowhere in sight, but he did wear his loose tunic and trousers that were generally worn under his armor. He had debated taking that off, too, and waiting for the nymph completely naked. That was until Hadia poked her nose in to wonder if he needed anything while he waited. He decided that he would remain dressed until Althaia had safely locked her door with both of them inside her room.

Just outside the room, Althaia rubbed her forehead. It had been a very long, somewhat headache-inducing day. More so than most even. But, with time, she was sure to get used to her new position. She shook the stress away and strode up to her door. Tonight she would be with Tsabdrin, which should be interesting. Taking a long breath, she opened the door to her chambers and closed it behind her.

Tsabdrin looked up from his book when he heard the door open. Upon seeing Althaia, he grabbed a piece of torn paper he was using as a bookmark and marked his place with it. "Hey." He greeted her softly as he set the book aside. "How was your day?"

The nymph gave him a rather tired smile. "It was busy." She sat down on the bed next to him, then flopped down backward. "Civilization is even more than I thought it would be." She said in an ambiguously happy tone.

"Just be glad you aren't going underground. If you thought Port Afron was complicated..." He scoffed. "It takes a drow over a quarter of a century to even get used to their homelands. And even then you have to constantly adapt." He spoke in undercommon, as he often did with Althaia recently. How else was she going to learn?

"Eh, I will get used to it eventually," Althaia remarked in the same language. She picked up languages stunningly quickly. "I mean, it has been less than a week, and my foray into civilization - more complex than a few naked sex-addicts in a pool - begins with my immediately ruling said culture. It is a bit of a leap. So, if I went down into the Underdark, and no one tries to Smite Good me, I should be able to get used to things pretty quickly. Probably. I assume that there is much down there I would not be fond of."

"Ha, no. You would not like it down there. It is... confining. At least you would have the advantage of being female," Tsabdrin said as he flopped down beside her. Then he sighed. "I do not think I'm looking forward to going back."

"Well, you have the advantage of being drow. Not sure which is the greater advantage really, but I thought drow were not fond of non-drow. Then again, I suppose I could dye my skin and bleach my hair. Magically, of course." She thought for a moment, then her clothing melted away. She stretched out contentedly, like a cat. "I am ambiguous about clothing."

"No. Generally we look down on people who aren't us. Drow pride and all that. But it wouldn't be hard to make you look like an unusually pretty drow." He glanced over towards her as he suddenly saw a lot more skin than she was displaying before out of the corner of his eye. Right. Nymph. Clothing was generally frowned upon. So he sat up for long enough to pull off his shirt, then flopped back down to lift his hips and pull off his trousers. Now he was as naked as she.

"I would have to be shorter too," Althaia mused. "I mean, I am a good foot taller than you." She noted Tsabdrin's undressing out of the corner of her eye. "An interesting thing about clothing," she mused. "On the one hand, I want to like it, because it represents civilization, and rising above our animal natures. On the other hand, I do not actually need it, ever. Armor, yes, sometimes. Clothing? Not necessary to protect me from sun, rain, insects, cold, or scratching plants. So it feels unnatural."

"Not everyone can afford those rings the rest of you have. And even the drow think it is shameful to walk around naked all the time. Orgies are one thing, but walking around the streets? It's undignified. Up here, it's even worse."

"I understand that," Althaia said. "As I said, clothing means civilization. Thus, I wear it. The real question is: when I have daughters, and hopefully a fully-nymph son or two, can I at once get them used to wearing clothes, and also not embarrassed about their bodies? I mean, Caleldir and Carlotta's self-consciousness is amusing, but I would not wish that on my children."

Tsabdrin shrugged. "With R.I.S.A you can have... I don't know, naked zones? Then they might be comfortable being naked, and everywhere else they'll be used to wearing clothes. That is if you don't mind your children seeing each other naked..."

Althaia pursed her lips. "You have a point. I had not really considered that. Incest is not something that fae worry about, even among the races that do reproduce normally. We cannot ever become inbred, so it never became a taboo for us. But, if we are to be a civilization, perhaps we should make it a taboo?" She shrugged. "I gather that incest makes mortal races rather uncomfortable."

"I cannot say for the rest of the world, but drow try to stay away from breeding with their siblings. We're a closed enough community as it is. Inbreeding is a real issue. If it wasn't a problem, though..." He shrugged again. "You're making your own race. You can set your own cultural rules."

"I will ask Caleldir about it then, once I tell him about the Plan." Althaia sounded more than a little apprehensive about that. "Which I will once they are done liberating Duskhaven. Or... maybe when I have my night with him. Actually, that will probably be a better time anyway." She was silent for a moment, then continued. "I mean, unless we find several more half-nymph men, and they are vanishingly rare, the first generation might have to do a little sibling (or half-sibling) marriage anyway. Like the first generations of mortals did." Sitting up, Althaia clapped her hands together. "But enough of that! The questions that weigh on my mind these days are rather silly, do you not think? I mean, most of these will not be relevant for decades, or centuries! No sense worrying about it all now."

"Talk to Caleldir - and Ashyr - about it. They will have better insight than me. There is probably a little sense in worrying about it. Some drow plans span for centuries, you know. But until you talk to people who will be integral to your plan, you shouldn't worry."

"Yep, you are right. And I do think that I should talk to Caleldir about everything." She frowned and turned away. "I did not expect that part of the plan." She said softly. "How I would react to... never mind."

He turned a curious eye to her when she trailed off. Of course, now he wanted to know what she was going to say. "To what?" He turned partially towards her, using his arm as a pillow. Damn, she was gorgeous. But at the moment, he was more curious about her. Tsabdrin wasn't a nymphomaniac like Ashyr was.

Althaia sighed, her back still to him. "Do not take this the wrong way, but I feel as if I can be honest with you because I have known you the shortest. I like you, and I can See that I can trust you, but my feelings towards you are shallow, for they have not had time to take root. Neither have my feelings towards Caleldir, Ashyr, Selene, and R.I.S.A. really have had time to take root. But still, I... I... think that I am falling in love. The bane of a nymph's life, the others told me."

"The bane of a drow's life as well," Tsabdrin responded as he flopped down to his back again. He didn't mind her confession that she had only shallow feelings towards him. She wouldn't be the first woman that he liked to feel that way, and she certainly wouldn't be the last. "Though I think your sisters object to it for different reasons." He went silent for a moment, contemplating whether he should ask. In the end, he was too curious. "Who are you falling in love with?"

"I am not sure. Ashyr seems more my sister than those self-absorbed nymphs ever were. Even if she is currently behaving like them, or like how I did when I first realized that humans were stupidly easy to seduce. And R.I.S.A., well, I am not sure. Her touch sends tingles through me that are not just the electricity." Althaia looked down at the bed. "And then there is Caleldir. I feel as if I had found a brother, something that my race never has. And, well, it is really playing with my ability to have sex with him. When I am with him, I do not want to have sex, not really, I just want him to love me. Is that... is that normal?"

"I'm not sure I'm the person to ask if something is normal or not. I grew up with Ashyr. She's more like my sister to me than Selene ever was. But that never stopped me from wanting to have sex with her. I mean, it was pretty much the only affection he was going to get from her, so..." He trailed off, unsure of what to say after that.

A giggle came from Althaia. "Well, maybe R.I.S.A. could help me. If she was not currently going schizophrenic. Other than that, well, we have Ashyr, Selene, and the object of my affection himself." She paused and pursed her lips. "Probably the 'not wanting to have sex' is because I am developing feelings for him beyond the sexual, and am feeling guilty about holding secrets from him. Maybe if I confess, my desire for him will return!" She grinned broadly and gave Tsabdrin a quick kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for listening! Sometimes all we need to sort through our feelings is a sympathetic ear."

"Yeah, honesty will probably help. Which probably sounds really odd coming from a drow." He let out a chuckle of his own, but it was half-hearted. His own thoughts were threatening to consume him. "You're welcome, though. I'll listen whenever you'd like to talk."

Althaia turned fully towards Tsabdrin and gave him a big hug. "I am glad of that." She whispered to him. Looking down at his manhood, she licked her lips. "But I apologize. All this talking about other men, and your domineering relatives, and nothing about you. Perhaps we should change the topic to something more... salacious?"

Tsabdrin wasn't really aroused while they had their short conversation, but when Althaia's form pressed against him for a hug, both his body and his imagination responded enthusiastically. A crooked grin began to spread across his face. "Whatever you like, Lady Althaia." He told her in a playful tone.

The nymph giggled. "I am only a lady if you want me to be." She said saucily. "Mostly, I am anxious to see what new positions we can try. Well, new-ish for me. For you, probably not so much, Mr. I-have-been-having-sex-for-more-than-a-century-before-you-were-born."

"A century and a half." He admitted with an even wider grin. "But with all those different positions, they always seem to prefer being on top. There comes a point where you just do new positions to challenge yourself, not because it feels better."

"Well, I do like a challenge," Althaia admitted. "And I am far more flexible than even drow are, so the ways I can contort are truly something to behold. I can scratch behind my ears with my toes. Both ears at once. Not very dignified, though." 

Tsabdrin made a face at the image in his head of Althaia scratching her ears with her toes. Funny, but not the sexiest image

She pondered a moment. "'They' always prefer being on top? What do you prefer?"

He shrugged. "Being on the bottom is nice, I have to admit. I can just lie there and look appealing. Not that difficult." A hint of vanity more often seen in Selene crossed his expression. "But if it's my idea to fuck, then I generally go with the position that's quickest... as you saw after my encounter with the rusalka."

"The position that is quickest..." Althaia pondered. "Okay, we can do that." In a flash, she was astride him, pushing his chest down to the bed, kissing his neck while one of her hands stroked his manhood. "That quick enough?" Her words were a breathy whisper against his ear.

He let out a short gasp of surprise. Probably one of the most pleasant surprises he could get in life. Especially when it was this particular nymph on top of him. He let his hips shift his cock into her hand a little more firmly, and groaned, "yeah."

"It makes me happy to hear that." She breathed. She licked along the edge of his ear, from the lobe up to the point, and then back down the other side. Meanwhile, she used her hand to rub his dick against her moist lower lips. She kissed along the side of his face to the front, until her lips met his. He kissed her back like a starving man. One of his hands, too, came up to caress and hold her face, while the other slid up and down her back gently. Her other hand came up to hold the side of his head, while her other hand guided him inside her. The drow let out another soft groan. Despite his assertion that he said he liked just lying there, his hips continued to try to thrust up into her.

For a little while, Althaia simply met his tongue with her own, and moved her hips in time with his, letting him set the pace despite being beneath her. But then, she broke the kiss and sat up, letting all her weight impale herself on his length. "Not content to just lie there looking appealing, eh?" She asked. She began to smoothly, but furiously, twist her hips to massage his dick without really letting it out of her.

"I can feel that." She smirked in reply. It was not quite an Ashyr-ian expression, but it was close. She kept him mostly pinned to the bed, not letting him really thrust up, until he suddenly gasped in his release. She continued to ride him a bit longer, until a few moments later when she contributed a loud moan of her own, then stopped, panting. She looked down on Tsabdrin, and this time her lustful grin was very Ashyr-like. "So... how many times do you think you can do that if I pump a bunch of virility-enhancing buffs into you?"

And so the night went on.

--

The following night, Althaia reclined on a chair by the fire, dressed in naught but air, and reading yet another book on etiquette. As it turned out, humans had a lot of books on etiquette. Althaia found the rules equal parts fascinating, silly, pointless, and alluring. So much significance in the subtle things such as which flowers to put in a bouquet, or how you arranged the napkins. And different sets of rules for barons, dukes, and kings. Still, she was determined to master all of them. She was smart enough that she could. She knew she could. She would become the unrivaled mistress of politics. Well, surface politics. Perhaps some books on the drow would also be useful...

A grunting noise came from the balcony that overlooked the forest behind the castle. After a few moments, the noise was followed by an exultant gasp and the light thump of a body hitting the floor. A slightly disheveled, panting Ashyr got to her feet and brushed the debris from her leather armor. "That was way more work than I expected." She informed Althaia as she walked into the room. There was a rather large, proud grin on her face despite all the effort she just put into entering the room.

The nymph looked up from her book. "Ashyr! I expected that you would be a bit late. You have been having some fun around town, I see. Did you ever find that jerk shopkeeper you fussed at Caleldir about? He told me that story, but neglected to mention how it ended..."

Ashyr blinked at the nymph, clearly not remembering what Althaia was talking about. "Uh..." But then realization dawned on her. "Oh, yeah. Um." She coughed awkwardly and sat on the edge of the bed with a heavy thump. "It was the strangest thing; his shop burned down during the orc raid!"

"Caleldir did not tell me that part of the tale..." Althaia muttered. "Eh, his is by no means the only shop to come to an unfortunate end. I seem to remember some wizard's place getting blown to bits by the world's most foolish druid." She sighed, putting the book on the side table, then gestured at it. "Humans and High Elves write down everything. They seem to have a passion for making manuals on how to be good at stuff. I presume that drow are too selfish to want to do something like that? No manuals on 'How to Rule Your Dark Domain Like A Drow Matron', I would think?"

"Probably... not?" Ashyr responded. She chose to ignore the comment about the shop that Althaia blew up, and instead responded to her question about books. "I'm not the best person to ask. I don't think I've read a book cover to cover in... well, almost two centuries."

"Well, if there are any manuals on Drow Etiquette or customs that are not, in fact, elaborate traps to trick the unwary into stupid behaviors, I would appreciate it if you saved them for me. Perhaps send them this way. Eventually, I would like to head to the Underdark myself. In a drow disguise, of course." 

"I'll let Selene know. If there isn't such a book, she can probably write something up." Ashyr smiled back at Althaia and gave her naked form a good, long look.

Althaia brushed her hair back and gave the drow a smile. "It is good to see you, Ashyr."

"Good to see you too. How have you been?"

"An excellent question." Althaia pondered. "I am changing very quickly, growing into a new role. Not certain about it yet. And I have... well, I will have Caleldir talk to you about that later." She sighed, leaning forward and resting her head in her hands. "I feel stressed but happy. I finally feel useful, as if I was more than what I was."

"That's good. At least I think it is, anyway. You should have a good time here. I certainly am; the people here are friendly, and I don't feel like they're out to get me all the time." She slid more onto the bed, still looking winded from her long climb up the side of the castle. "Some are especially friendly." Ashyr continued with a suggestive waggle of her silver eyebrows.

"I agree." Althaia smiled. "The people of Port Afron have been very good to me. I will make their city greater than ever, I am sure of it. Especially with Phanuel around to help me. I have been pondering some ideas for the docks... but I have only skimmed one engineering book. I will need a few months of study first."

"Oh, yeah. Especially with Phanuel." Ashyr agreed. "If you can stop him from being such a prude." Of all the people she spent time with recently, he was the only one that absolutely refused her every time anything got remotely sexual. It was a bit annoying, and not at all as endearing as Caleldir had been when he was trying to be celibate. 

"I thought about building in a strong libido into his current form," Althaia grinned, "but Caleldir said that that was 'rapey', so he left off the unconscious sex drive. Phanuel feels no lust that he does not want to feel: In fact, he has conscious control over his own biological urges. Caleldir seemed to think that that was a good idea or something. Anyway, seducing him is not possible unless he wants to be seduced. And I am not sure that he is all that fond of you."
