 Sector Four was not a place to be alone in, one of the first things Jessica had learnt at command training. It was home to the Zooids an unforgiving and vicious race; however Jessica had wandered from the landing party looking for somewhere private, she desperately needed to pee, before she knew it she had found herself in Sector Four. Jessica walked quickly down a lane undid her pants and slid them around her ankles and squatted near a metal pylon, the relief was instant as her bladder started to empty itself ,it had been a long flight and Jessica had wrestled with an expanding uncomfortable bladder for some time.

The cold metal against Jessica’s cheek stopped her pee in mid flow; the shape of the gun nozzle could only belong to a Zooid she thought.

“Finish” commanded the voice behind her.

Jessica concentrated on trying to start the flow again, as her pee splashed the metal floor; she caught her first glimpse of a real live Zooid. Jessica gasped The Zooid was so much more frightening than she could have ever expected, he was tall and broad, his wide eyes transfixed on watching Jessica’s pee, his dark brown scale like skin shined against the back light.

He reached out towards Jessica with his mitten like hand grabbing at her short spiked blond hair pulling her up to her feet, Jessica just managing to pull her pants up as the Zooid pushed her to move forward.

Jessica’s mind raced as she reached down deep into it trying to think of everything she had learnt about the Zooids. They were a race of men there only driving force was to protect their home, Sector Four and to breed. The Body legion had tried to wipe out the race many times until they were able to genetically modify their DNA removing all female strands, this only caused the Zooids to retaliate raping at a ferocious rate any female of any race in hope of reproducing females. This caused many extreme mutations however the Zooids male DNA enhanced gene gave any newborn the features of a Zooid.

To avoid detection outside Sector Four the Zooids learnt to become chameleons using their power to become whatever was in the mind of another person, many had lived outside Sector Four for many years undetected mingling in with all societies.

“Stop” commanded the Zooid.

Jessica obeyed as the Zooid pushed her towards a small opening in the side of a building, as she entered the stench of sewage filled her nostrils, Delta Star 1789 had been built as a waste depository and had been abandoned by the Body Legion once it had past its use by date. The Zooid shoved his gun into the small of Jessica’s back ushering her to move faster, they finally reached a dead end the Zooid looked upwards towards a small digi cam, a door opened in front of them.

Once inside Zooids came out from the darkness congratulating Jessica’s captor, as they surrounded her, Jessica tried to hide her fear as she knew what her fate would be, the Zooids would impregnate her and keep her until she gave birth, if they liked what she produced they would keep her to breed from indefinitely if they didn’t, she would be killed along with her off spring, Jessica did not know which could be the worst scenario.

The Zooids formed a circle around Jessica staring at her body, they started to touch her running their hands across her pert breasts along her thighs touching her face and hair, Jessica’s mind was awash with mixed emotions fighting off her fear and the sensations her body was feeling from being touched. As she looked at her captors they took on past and present people in her life, the university lecturer she had a crush on, her first love, the girl she met at a bar and the Captain of her command force, the Zooids were ever changing as her mind spun, finally Jessica could not take anymore and she collapsed onto the cold hard floor.

The bright light awoke Jessica she tried to shield her eyes from it with her arms only to discover they were restrained, she tried to sit up and realised that her legs were also in restraints. It took Jessica a few seconds to remember what had happened and where she was, damn bladder she thought. At first Jessica felt no fear until she become conscious that her cloths had been removed and she lay naked restrained on a hospital like bed.

Jessica heard a door open and then close she raised her head, standing before her was the Zooid that captured her, he removed his body armour, his body bulged and his scale like skin slithered as the air touched it, he removed his pants exposing a hideous tail like penis that moved like a serpent, Jessica dropped her head back against the bed now her fear would be realized, she would be impregnated by the Zooid.

Jessica felt the scaly hands of the Zooid touch her legs and she shuddered from his touch, Jessica closed her eyes tight trying to find a way to cope with the situation, she thought of the handsome Captain of her command, his bright blue eyes, his chisel like jaw and muscular arms and the way his waist slimmed into his strong thighs.

Jessica felt the scale like hands turn to human skin, she opened her eyes, the Zooid had read her mind and converted her thoughts, and he had formed himself into the Captain. He moved forward releasing Jessica from her restraints, softly kissing her feet and slowly moving along her slender calf’s gently licking her soft tender thighs, Jessica could feel his hot breath as his mouth drew closer to her pussy. Jessica ran her fingers through his hair gently pushing his head towards her wanting pussy. 

As his tongue parted her moistened lips Jessica’s back arched from the sensation of his touch, he ran his tongue slowly up and down teasing Jessica with each stroke coming closer to her hardened clit, finally the ache in Jessica’s clit was relieved as his tongue flicked gently across it, only stopping every few seconds to suck it between his lips rolling it around as he draw into his mouth and then releasing it lapping at it with his tongue. 

Jessica was close to orgasm and he could sense it, he moved his attention to Jessica’s wanting hole and circled the outer edges with his tongue Jessica squealed from his touch. She wanted his tongue inside her and imagined that it could reach deep inside, the Zooid responded to her thoughts, his tongue slid deep inside of her hot cunt, Jessica’s hips bucked as she fucked the tongue inside her, she ran her hands over her breasts kneading them, rolling her large erect nipples between her thumbs and fingers, pinching them every now and then as she thrust her hips harder against his tongue. Jessica’s legs started to tremble he grabbed her buttocks and pushed his face deeper into her wet cunt, Jessica let out a loud scream as her body shattered into orgasm, her thighs tightly grasping his head as her hips slowly bucked until her orgasm subsided.

He slowly moved his body up over Jessica’s the touch of his naked skin on hers made her already soddened pussy wetter. He slid his cock into her hole, at first Jessica was surprised at its smallness imaging the Captain to bigger, and within seconds she could feel his cock enlarge becoming longer and thicker stretching her pussy to its limits. Jessica’s cunt took a few seconds to adjust to his fullness, and then he slowly moved his cock in and out bringing it to the edge of her hole and then pushing his cock deep into her filling every hot inch inside her.

He increased his rhythm pumping harder and faster, Jessica responded grabbing his arse digging her nails deep into his skin urging him to fill her with his cum, his flat taught stomach pushed hard against her swollen exposed clit stimulating it with every thrust. Jessica wrapped her thighs around his muscular legs trying to draw him even deeper. Jessica revelled in the sensation of his large cock inside her, her clit’s constant stimulation and the touch of his hairy chest against her erect nipples, she could feel his body tense and then with an almighty eruption inside her he orgasmed the feel of his hot cum filling her sent Jessica’s body into a shattering orgasm as her clit pumped involuntarily from her orgasm. Jessica grasped her body tight against his as the next orgasm sent a wave of tingles through her; finally she released her grip as she laid exhausted on the bed the sweat trickling across her chest, his cum seeping from her sensitive reddened pussy lips.

“Jessica, Jessica where are you?” cried the voice in the distance.

“I’m taking a pee,” Jessica shouted.

“Well hurry up before a Zooid finds you,” replied the Captain.