 Soooo yeah. I put up one decent, if short, entry to a series, then vanished for 6 months. I'll try not to do that again. Anyways, this is a new little series, once again, inspired by a roleplay with a lovely lady. If you liked the first entry of Spellbook, you'll probably like this too. 

Let me lead off: this story contains graphic and explicit content, don't read if you're under age, etc. Besides that, I wouldn't suggest reading this if you don't like: hardcore dom/sub, pet play, slave play, futa, oversized body parts, or incest. If those are you cup of tea enjoy, and leave a comment! Nothing makes me want to right like seeing that people enjoy my work! 

***** 

Demi 1: A Day at the Beach 

She awoke in a void. 

Elizabeth looked around. Yup. A void. Nothing but blank white extending in every direction. Of course, that rose the question of what was she standing on, but such things were better off not thought about. 

She looked down. She was naked. Of course. Her last memory was of going to sleep so that would make this a dream, right? A lucid dream, like people talk about maybe? 

She looked down at her petite naked form, and imagined herself cloaked in a dress made of smoke. Immediately, there it was, hugging her modest curves tightly, slit in all the right places. Her skin tickled a little from the wispy texture of the dress. 

"Neat!" she said to herself out loud, her voice strangely flat in the void. With another thought, the smoke dress began changing colors, before settling on a deep purple, with flashes throughout, as if lightning was running through it. She sighed in satisfaction as the lightning added extra little tingles, and looked over her body. 

Never overly satisfied with her body, she was nonetheless confident and comfortable with herself. Of course, that didn't stop her from thinking of what could be better. Maybe a smidge taller and more toned, but still compact, her tits and ass a little bigger. Even as she ran through the list, her body shifted in response to her thoughts. Soon, she was impossibly gorgeous, probably 5'5, with curves in all the right places, her entire body was tight and sensual. Her face had the kind of youth that made pinpointing her age impossible - somewhere between 12 and 19. Her skin was clear of all blemishes, a bright, porcelain white. Finally, she ran her hands through her short, boy cut red hair. That could stay. Though, to match, the color became a little more vibrant and rich. 

Liz looked out around the void again. "Now if only there was anyone here to appreciate my good taste..." she muttered petulantly. Before the sentence had left her mouth, there was a small pop, and a woman was kneeling in front of her. After a second, she recognized the girl. 

Natalie. The woman in front of her was her exact mental image of her favorite roleplaying partner, a submissive girl named Natalie. She was 21, and in her prime. Standing 5'9, she had just enough meat to look curvy without anyone being able to call her chubby. 36DD tits sat above a tight stomach. Her legs were toned, topped by a jiggling heart shaped ass. She had the kind of natural tan that suggested some ethnic ancestors, and the kind of electric blue hair that suggested a very alternative lifestyle. Liz had to admit that the real girl probably couldn't compare to the beauty kneeling in front of her, but she also didn't give two fucks. 

As Liz finished inspecting the girl, Natalie looked up, her eyes shining inhumanly, a bright and piercing green. She gave Liz a mischievous grin. "Oh trust me, I appreciate it." 

"I... did I just make you?" 

Natalie smiled back at the girl. "In a way, I suppose. How about we talk somewhere more comfortable?" 

The very thought of being somewhere comfortable made Liz think of a vacation she went on years ago. A beautiful beach at sun set, the waves crashing, the light just perfect, the sand around them empty but for a few other families enjoying the evening. 

The scene rapidly began forming the two girls, and Liz quickly modified it in her head. Instead of being with her family, she was with Natalie, both of them wearing bikinis and sipping drinks while they reclined in the shade. The scene formed around them, leaving them in perfect, relaxed, comfort. 

Natalie looked around, impressed. "Not bad mistress! Most demis need a few days before they can make an entire scene!" She looked over at the families nearby, all perfect and gorgeous. "Well made constructs too!" 

Liz furrowed her brow. The mistress part confused her, but only a little. Natalie was her submissive, and often referred to her as mistress, so it fit that the copy she made would too, in an odd sort of dream logic. But the rest of it was far more confusing. "Waitwaitwait... can you explain what the fuck is going on?" 

Natalie giggled softly. "Of course! You, mistress, have been chosen to be the lord, or lady in this case, of a demiplane. Within this realm, you are little short of a goddess, though it will take some time to fully master your new powers. Given enough time, you might even be able to take some fragment of your power to the true world!" The girl waved her hand at the families. "All these people are nothing more than constructs, being created from your thoughts. Though they are quite detailed for your first time." 

Liz stared out over the ocean thoughtfully. With another thought, she changed the sand of the beach into tiny glass globes, reflecting the light even more beautifully. "Alright... I could get used to this." She focused her will on the mother and son sitting not far away, and suddenly they were both nude, the son holding his mother's leash with a happy grin, the mother looking confused and frustrated at her circumstances. "Sooo... are you actually Natalie?" 

Nat giggled a little at the changes to the family, before noticing her own leash being held by Liz. She licked her lips lustfully before continuing. "In a way. I'm a servant spirit, meant to help you reach the full extent of your power, and provide whatever information you need. Your first desire was for her, so I simply assumed this form, with all the personality quirks and such you know about her." Nat giggled as she jiggled her leash a little, noticing that she was now naked as well. "Of course, I'm part of the plane too, so you can control me just as well as anything else." 

"So I just need to play around, and I'll be able to do more and more complicated stuff?" 

"Essentially. Really, this entire place I little more than a playground for your desires!" 

Liz smiled, feeling herself start to get wet as she considered the possibilities. As she pondered, she noticed the boy from earlier walking his mom, a large dick, far too large for his slight frame, bouncing in front of him, his mother looking embarrassed at her demeaning circumstances. Liz decided it was time to have some fun, and waved at the pair. "Hey! Would you mind if our pets play a bit?" 

The boy flashed a smile and walked over, his mom a little behind him on her leash. "Of course!" 

Grinning at her new power, Liz decided not to exert any of it quite yet, letting the constructs serve as actors of a sort, the script entirely in her head. Leaning back, she jerked Nat's leash. "Eat me out pet!" 

Obediently, the servant spirit dropped from her chair and crawled between her mistress's legs. Abruptly, Liz's bikini simply vanished, baring her tight pussy, soaked with juices from her power high, to the beach air, and to Natalie's gaze. Liz entwined her fingers in the older girls hair and pulled her down to her cunt, not that Natalie needed any encouragement to begin licking, sucking, kissing and biting her mistresses cunt, the demi-goddess's thoughts subconsciously guiding the spirit's efforts so that her lips and tongue were always just where Liz needed them. 

The dominant girl quickly began moaning under the blue haired slut's ministrations, the spirit's innate knowledge and abilities quickly resulting in the best oral the red head had ever gotten. "Oh fucking hell!" She moaned softly at the blue haired girl. 

Watching, the boy soon began nudging his mother. "Well? Go help!" He ordered the older woman. His mother looked back and forth between her son, who she found herself subservient too for some reason, and the apparently reality controlling beauty sitting in front of her. Almost immediately, her resistance began fading away, and she found herself crawling between Liz's legs, Nat reluctantly moving over for the woman. 

Once more, the nature of pleasing a goddess resulted in the two subconsciously knowing just what to do to work together, knowing exactly how to bring their mistress the largest amount of pleasure possible. Meanwhile, the boy moved forward to Liz's face, blushing softly. "M-may I?" he asked, his inexperience obviously showing through to the reality warper. 

Enough of that... Liz thought to herself with a smile. She pulled the boy in for a long, lingering kiss, and as she did, made some minor modifications to the boy's mind, rewriting his emotions. Soon, the kiss became heavier as the boy's newfound confidence caused him to return the passionate kiss with furor. Still grinning, Liz broke the kiss, looking over the new dominant cast of the boy's face. "Mmmm... perfect! Now I think you have some other work to do with this!" At the end, the red head slid her hand along the boy's swollen, oversized cock, at least 9 or 10 inches of pulsing meat, and let out a long moan from the continued efforts of the two submissive sluts between her legs. 

Smiling dominantly, the boy walked behind the two women. Nat, happily tongue fucking her mistress's tight hole, saw the movements of the boy, and, turned on even more by what she knew was coming, turned and kissed his mother roughly, licking her mistresses delicious juices off of her face and out of her mouth. The milf-turned-pet returned the kiss, humming happily into it, a hum that suddenly transformed into a loud moan as her mentally altered son slid his oversized cock into her soaked pussy. 

Nat frowned as her partner broke the kiss, now too occupied by the hard fucking her son was currently giving her. However, her frustration at not being the one getting fucked quickly faded, overcome by the perpetually bouncy nature Liz had imbued in her, and she found herself drawn back to the waiting glory of her goddess's soaked cunt. By the time she resumed flicking Liz's clit with her tongue, any negative feelings she may have had had vanished. She was serving her goddess, why would she be sad? 

Liz frowned, suddenly realizing she knew all of Natalie's feelings. Some new manifestation of her powers had resulted in a measure of empathy with the spirit. She looked down at the cute submissive and smiled at her utter devotion. She's earned a reward I think... Liz thought to herself. Time to try something new. Moaning, the red head reached down and knotted her fingers in Natalie's hair again, pulling her away from her soaked pussy, pressing her mouth against the bare flesh right above it. 

With a thought, she began changing her body, the largest change she had tried on herself so far. Slowly, painfully slowly, the flesh under Natalie's mouth began to shift and swell. Liz continued concentrating, and before long, Nat found herself sucking a particularly delicious cock, a cock that just continued growing in her mouth, and soon after, straight down her throat, which at some point had become capable of taking the now impossibly large cock she had in her. Natalie happily began bouncing, skull-fucking herself on the giant cock, feeling it stretch her throat and reach into her stomach. Some small part of her mind reflected that if she was the actual girl she had taken the form of, she would probably be dead by now, but she just continued doing everything possible to please her goddess. 

Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the mother-slut collapse on the sand next to her, blissed out. She had just long enough to piece together what this meant for her when the boy's giant cock, smaller than the one lodged in her throat, but still massive, filled her cunt. Looking up, her glowing green eyes met those of her gorgeous mistress, who smiled benevolently - despite the fact that she was fucking her slut's throat forcefully. Further at odd with that pleasant look was the sudden slap that she delivered to Natalie's face. 

Nat shook off the daze from the slap, and realized something. Elizabeth hadn't just slapped her randomly. She had delivered another change to her servant's body. Her throat was now just as sensitive as her pussy! Immediately, the spirit turned slut began cumming, bucking desperately on the two giant cocks filling her. It was... it was too much! Her arms and legs gave out, and she dropped to the sand, both cocks sliding out of her with a wet schlick. 

Dazed, the servile pet looked up. "Did I... please you, my lady?" 

Grinning happily, the red head pulled the bouncy blue haired spirit into her lap, hot dogging her giant cock between them, rubbing their tits together. Liz opened her mouth to answer, then shrugged and gave the spirit the most intense kiss she had ever given anyone, Natalie nearly vibrating in her lap, her mistress's pleasure subconsciously refreshing her energy. 

Liz pulled away and gave the spirit a grin that positively oozed lust, then reached out with her mind, sinking her will into the boy once more. This time, she wasn't gentle. She simply took the boy, who was truly nothing more than a construct of her mind, and turned him into a puppet, completely under her control. She moved the boy forward and, before the girl in her lap could react, shoved his now 11 inch cock straight up the blue haired girl's ass. Nat let out a moan of shock and pleasure, not even noticing that the thrust pushed her up enough that, when she fell back down, Liz's own oversized cock stuffed into her, splitting her cunt wide open. 

Immediately, Nat nearly broke, breaking down into a moaning, screaming, writhing slut, filled completely by the two cocks fucking her in perfect harmony. She bucked back and forth, spasming as she went through another massive orgasm. As she screamed in orgasm, the words of her mistress cut through the cloud of lust. "I own you. Say it. Tell me so!" 

Coming down from her second earth shaking orgasm, Natalie tried to muster herself. She opened her mouth obediently to respond, but all that came out was another shaking series of screams. She closed her mouth, biting her bottom lip, and tried to pull herself together before trying again. "I belonGAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Her response quickly broke into another screaming moan as the cock in her ass pulsed, growing a little inside her. She reached down and felt the bulge in her stomach caused by the giant tools stuffing her, and opened her mouth again. "Ibelongtoyoumistress!" She rushed out as quickly as she could, before returning to moaning and panting at the two cocks filling her. 

Liz smiled, satisfied, and she and her puppet abruptly sped up their thrusts, sandwiching the bucking spirit between them. Immediately, the increased assault pushed Natalie over the edge again, but farther than ever before. As she began screaming in orgasm, her body began shifting, her naturally loosely defined form quaking under the intense orgasm coursing through her. 

First her hair started blinking through all the colors of the rainbow, and then her breasts began swelling and shrinking suddenly, her ass quickly following suit. Even her complexion started to change. Soon her, entire body seemed to shift, the transformations syncing together. One second, Liz found herself fucking a petite little blonde, then an Asian pin up, then an African amazon, then a California surfer girl. Each transformation, however, perfectly suited Liz. They were her fantasy women, impossibly attractive and appealing, and her cock swelled a little each time Natalie shifted. 

Suddenly, the demi-goddess found herself bucking her cock into a mirror image of herself, before she made her modifications, before any of this had started, and she lost all control. Her oversized cock abruptly began firing off jets of cum, Natalie's belly almost immediately swelling to pregnancy sizes. As the pressure of the cum began forcing it out of the spirit's cunt around Liz's cock, even more spilled out of the girls open mouth, the pressure having forced it through the spirit's body. 

Elizabeth simply basked in the soul melting sensations of the strongest orgasm she had ever felt, emanating from the giant, nerve filled cock currently fucking her own writhing form. The image burned itself into her brain even as the intense pleasure gave way to sweet, soothing blackness.