 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 80: Take Two

Once Caleldir had finished his assigned task, he gathered a large armful of firewood and returned to the clearing. "I have wood!" He said cheerily.

A burst of laughter came from Ashyr. "Well, that's good!" 

There she was, just like the first time. The ranger was tied to the very same tree in almost the exact same position. This time, she wasn't so tightly bound that she couldn't move and be maneuvered. And, just like before, Selene was nowhere in sight. 

"I seemed to have gotten myself in a bit of trouble again," Ashyr told him. This time, there was no distress on her features to suggest that they were in any actual danger.

Sighing, Caleldir set the wood down. "What I am I to do with you." He shook his head. Then, he looked down at his trousers. "It seems that though I have put the logs down, I still have wood." It was a terrible, terrible joke, but Caleldir felt no shame. Instead, he walked up to Ashyr, looking her up and down. "This is a curious situation,"he said thoughtfully. "What is one to do..."

Ashyr didn't seem to mind his joke. It was, after all, why she had laughed in the first place. He said he had wood. He was just continuing her own train of thought. "I supposed you'd better free me before the big mean drow comes back to torture me." Ashyr responded. But she didn't seem at all convinced that that was what he should to. Her eyes were becoming lidded with lust, and her breasts began to rise and fall in a slightly faster tempo.

"I probably should free you..." he murmured, running his fingers from where her wrists were tied up her arms. "But then again, these knots are so hard to untie..." He trailed several fingers up the side of Ashyr's neck and along her jawline, then down her collarbone to the swell of her heaving breasts. "Perhaps if I approach the problem from a different angle..." he mused. He went down on his knees and started running his palm up from the bond on her ankle up her calf and the inside of her thighs. Then, the back of a single finger across her womanhood.

She let out a quick breath of pleasure, her crimson eyes focused on Caleldir. The lust that emanated off of the drow's dark body only intensified. "What, you're going to take advantage of me instead?" She said in a tone that was supposed to be accusing, but she was too obviously turned on to be convincing. A small moan escaped her lips when that finger of his brushed against her sex. She shifted in her bonds, trying to spread her legs wider. But, of course, she couldn't move very much. It was delightfully frustrating.

"Me? Take advantage of a bound woman?" Caleldir asked in shock. "Never. I just want to give you a little kiss." He looked up at her, blue eyes sparkling. "A little kiss on the lips." He whispered, reaching his hand up to put a finger over her mouth. "But not these lips..."

"If you really think it would free me..." she responded near breathlessly.

"I do not know about freeing," he said slowly. "But definitely some sort of release." 

"Mmm... you could be right. No harm in finding out," Ashyr agreed. 

He leaned forward, giving her an intimate, roaming kiss on her pussy. It was not strictly cunninglingus: it was clear that he was kissing her, not eating her out.

She gasped and pressed her body as much as she could into him. It wasn't all that far. The drow couldn't hold back the little gasping moans that increased in frequency as he 'kissed' her so thoroughly. 

He stopped after a few long minutes, just as he could feel her nearing orgasm. "Then again, perhaps that is not the best way to untie you." He said thoughtfully. 

"No, no I think you're on to something-"

"What are you doing to MY captive?" Came Selene's voice from behind her. The younger drow was dressed in something almost identical to what she wore on that fateful day. Her expression was haughty and unamused. She was better at getting into character than Ashyr.

Caleldir leapt up and turned towards Selene, looking a bit repentant. "Err... Readying her for you?" He asked. The innocence of his words were belied by the way that his left hand found itself cupping Ashyr's right breast. "I mean, what is a man expected to do when he finds such a lovely thing in the woods?"

Selene stalked up to him, one of her slender eyebrows raised as if she couldn't believe how an errant slave was behaving. Her hand rose to grab Caleldir's chin and bring it down to press their lips together and taste Ashyr's essence on him. 

"Now, I think you're both my captives," Selene declared after that brief contact.

Stifling his amusement, Caleldir shifted into character once the kiss ended. "Sorry, I did not mean any trouble." He said humbly. "I will leave you to your... liaison. Goodbye!" He began backing away.

Now both of the regal drow's eyebrows were raised. "Not until I say you can go!" She raised her hand to cause an inky tendril of solid magic to shoot from the tree, grasp at his wrist, and pull him back towards the two of them.

The tendril was expected. Caleldir knew Selene at least that well. But he did a good job of pretending that he had not. "Hey now!" he protested. "I am sure that you do not need someone such as me around. You seem quite capable of taking things from here." With Ashyr, Caleldir wanted to 'fix' the scene by giving her the sexual teasing she had desired back then. With Selene, he was slipping back into the role of that virgin she had deflowered, giving her a chance to enjoy it this time.

"No, I do think you're perfect." Selene responded. "See how eager you are to help?" Her hand went to the bulge in his trousers and grabbed him gently. "Stick around a while. I'd like to enjoy you while my other captive can do nothing but watch."

"You're mean, Selene," Ashyr accused. Her plaintive tone didn't have to be entirely faked.

Caleldir shuddered. "I am sorry, but I am sworn to chastity!" He protested, quoting those words he had used on her back then. Well, some of them. And not in the same order or context. "I do not know what is between the two of you, but I do not need to be caught up in it." He looked as sincere as could be.

Selene blinked rapidly in confusion for a moment. Honestly, she hadn't expected the chastity bit. But then a wicked little smile spread graced her features. Oh yes. She liked this game. This time, she was in control. She could savor the moment. Another tendril wrapped around Caleldir's waist and pulled him into Selene. Her hand caressed his jaw and slid over the side of his neck. "I really must insist."

That was when Ashyr began to struggle in ernest. Not to get away, but to try to join in on that action. But, again, she was unable to do so. At least this time she knew it would only be frustration to make the pleasure sweeter later on.

It was interesting watching the realization of what he was doing dawn on the aristocratic drow's face. And that smile indicated to Caleldir that he had hit a nerve. Yes. This was to give her some closure. The fact that he was reliving the source of his annoying fetish had nothing to do with this: this was all for Selene and Ashyr's benefit.

Hah. As if. Caleldir was very much enjoying this. "You do not need to do this!" he protested while trying to put up a pretense of attempting to pull away.

"I don't need to do this, no. But I want to. And I get what I want." Another tendril erupted from the ground to grab higher on Caleldir's chest to pull him to his knees. 

"Sometimes it is not good to get what we want," Caleldir quipped. Huh. Where had that come from? Perhaps he just could not resist the chance to mouth off. But he could also not resist the tendril that pulled him to the ground. Even if he had tried, actually. Granted, he could get away this time if he really wanted to, but that would require his own magic being punched through the drow spell-resistance. And his best spell would have no effect on Selene even if he used it on her: she was already 'helpful' to him so a Charm Person would be pretty useless. Not that he was trying to escape. It was just nice to imagine that he could, had this not been Selene.

Even as this happened, Selene reached behind her neck. Just like the first time, her robe was unfastened in one quick motion to let the fabric pool on the ground. It stayed there, too. It was the exact outfit she wore before. With just as much underneath. That is to say: Nothing.

His eyes went wide. She had been wearing the actual dress, not a mere facsimile. Nice. After ogling her for a bit, he turned away, blushing. "Let me go, drow temptress!" he said with the anger of a surfacer paladin about to have his vow of chastity taken from him by an Underdark seductress.

The knife came out again. If he wanted to pretend that it was just like the first time they met, then it was an important piece of the puzzle. This time, however, it didn't need to be poisoned. She had those tendrils of magic, and even if she was unable to maintain the spell, she knew Caleldir wouldn't try to retaliate after all this was over. With the magic holding him there, she began to cut away at his clothing and armor (each piece disappearing as it was removed) until there was nothing covering him. 

"Why should I let you go?" Selene asked as she did this. "I'm already having so much fun!"

"Out of the... err... Goodness of your heart?" Caleldir lamely volunteered. Actually, he could not think of a reason. Out of character, he of course did not want her to, but getting into character he could not actually think of a good argument.

Ah, the goodness of her heart. Selene laughed aloud at this. There wasn't much evil in her heart anymore, but the evil she did have was not by any means replaced by 'goodness.' She reached back behind her and grabbed the rope that she promised to get - what was left of it, anyway. She'd used most of her rope on Ashyr. Her tendrils forced Caleldir's hands together above his head, then she tied those wrists together in a more mundane way. The other end of that rope was tied to the ranger's lower bindings. She pushed him back with hand and tendril and tightened the rope. He'd have an excellent view of how aroused Ashyr was, and Ashyr would be able to see and wish she was a part of everything. That done, the magic tendrils were banished completely. There were other spells on which she wanted to focus.

Caleldir managed to make himself look pretty indignant despite not saying anything. Selene was clearly more creative this time in her sensuality: tying him under the tree so he could look up and get a good view of Ashyr. Which he did. Meeting her eyes for a moment, he winked roguishly before slipping back into indignation. He then began pulling at his bonds. Selene remained pretty good at knots, though.

Ashyr still struggled, and her ties were actually becoming just a little looser. But not enough that she'd be able to get herself out in time. Perhaps that was all according to plan. She responded to Caleldir's wink with a quick grin, but she couldn't keep the frustration off of her face. She so very badly wanted to join in.

Selene quickly straddled Caleldir before he could kick her (not that she actually thought he would try.) Her hands weaved another spell in front of her until she cast something that she hadn't cast in a while. The pleasure spell. 

"Will you be able to keep up your righteous indignation, I wonder?" she asked. Then she traced a light, pleasure-infused finger along his jaw.

Ah. That pleasure spell. Caleldir shuddered at the feeling. "As long as need be," he gasped. It helped that his indignation was fake, obviously. He let out a long breath. If Selene was using the pleasure spell, well, he had illusory telekinesis. Not for use on Selene; that would ruin the scene. No, it was for use on Ashyr. He briefly made the telekinetic illusion of warm hands run along her side, caressing a breast and pinching a nipple. Much to his satisfaction, he heard a soft gasp come from her. Then, he ended that part of the spell. It was mostly for teasing her, after all. Actually, when it came to teasing her... Caleldir created the sensation of someone pulling at her bonds, making as if to untie them.

Ashyr had a moment of confusion before she realized Caleldir had his telekinesis. It had been a little while. And it was untying her! Elation swelled in her breasts... but then she was not free. This caused her to huff with disappointment. She gave him a glare that promised such wonderful things when she eventually got free.

That glare from Ashyr put a smile in Caleldir's soul. Not really on his face though. He was quite enjoying tormenting her, actually.

Meanwhile, Selene was not done with her pleasure spell. "As long as need be? Are you sure you're not going to beg for it before too much longer?" Actually, that would surprise her. Caleldir was never one for begging FOR sex. But she was going to try anyway. The flat of her palm spread across his collarbone and began to run down his chest, leaving a trail of pleasure in its wake.

"I will not give you the satisfaction of breaking!" he said through clenched teeth, before making a noise that sounded awfully like breaking. Now, Caleldir was not one to beg for sex, of course, but he was getting close to it. That would be out of character for his virgin self though. So, he let out one of those ragged sighs instead. Damn. He was half inclined to really untie Ashyr and get this thing going. Not that he would say that. "Do what you want, but leave my virtue intact!" he protested. There. That should give Selene the incentive to stop teasing and start doing.

A catlike smile spread across Selene's face. Knowing that this was all a farce, that was as good as begging for sex. But she was still playing along, and if a male had said that to her... 

"No," she said with utter finality. With that, she lifted her body enough to line up their sexes. Her own womanhood was as drenched as Ashyr's, making it quite easy for her to slowly engulf Caleldir's 'virgin' cock. 

"Please, don't... I... ahhh." Caleldir let out a long sigh as if he was losing the air in his lungs. This really was better than that first time.

She let out a pleased sigh when he was fully hilted inside her. 

"Your 'virtue' is mine," the drow mage told him. For good measure, she pumped another use of her pleasure spell into his mid-chest where she had braced herself against him.

He stopped himself from replying to Selene that she was welcome to his virtue. This was why he liked being untied: he wanted to feel Selene's body with his hands, to pull her down for another kiss. Instead, he just shuddered at that pleasure spell. Distractedly, he telekinetically loosened Ashyr's bonds just the tiniest bit.

That little bit of loosening was all Ashyr needed to start making serious headway with getting free. Selene didn't even seem to notice as Ashyr got one hand almost free. Just a little bit longer...

Selene's eyes lidded with the dual satisfaction of being completely impaled by her mate and the sounds of protest that he made while she did it. It was a strange combination of pleasure that she didn't think about too hard lest she confuse herself. Slowly she began to roll her hips. 

"You- what?" she asked breathily. "You valued your 'virtue?' Well, now you may value my cunt." 

And value it he did. A lot. But he was not going to say that right now. He did want to, though. So, he said nothing, only breathily noising his pleasure as she did that hip-roll that sent such thrills through him every time. He had to keep his hips from thrusting up into her of their own accord. A lot had changed since last they had had sex here.

Distracted as he was, Caleldir still managed to notice that Ashyr was just about free. Stifling a grin, he pulled on her bonds, making as if to tighten them again. He stopped at actually doing that though.

Ashyr couldn't help the frustrated huff when she thought Caleldir was going to keep her from escaping. All this teasing was driving her to new heights of madness! But finally, finally, her hands were free and she kicked the ropes tied around her ankles away. Using one of the ropes formerly tied around her wrist, she swung to the side of the couple. She didn't want to fall on top of them.

Selene completely ignored what was going on. The speed of her hips increased until she was gasping in near orgasm. But she wanted to wait until his 'defeat' was complete. "You will cum inside me, and then you will be mine absolutely." She told him. That was how it sort of happened before.

After all that teasing he did not last much longer than her. "I will not submit!" he said through gritted teeth. Then he submitted, shooting his seed up into her. And hey! Ashyr was free. Good timing.

As soon as she felt him submit to her, Selene could not hold herself back any longer. With a soft cry and a shudder, she joined him in orgasm.

Letting out a sigh, Caleldir dropped the act. "That was surprisingly fun."

Ashyr, however, was still desperate. It wasn't quite as bad as when this happened the first time, but Ashyr still felt it quite potently. 

"Selene. Can I have him now," she said rather than asked. It was all she could do not to just bodily remove Selene from Caleldir's dick.

Caleldir did the 'kind' thing, and dropped his veil. He liked it when Ashyr went all animal desperation on him. A recreation of their first time following the recreation of Selene and his first time. Without the several maddening days in between. Why had he waited back then anyway?

Selene looked up at her cousin, grinned vaguely, then dismounted. Then, no longer anything to restrain her, Ashyr tackled Caleldir and began to aggressively kiss him. All the while, she worked at his ropes until he was free.

Caleldir met her kiss almost as aggressively, meanwhile using his telekinesis to help her loose him from his bonds. When he was free he wrapped his arms around her tightly.

Without even breaking their kiss, Ashyr let out of soft, happy noise. Moments later, she finally broke it off in order to roll herself over, with him on top of her. Hopefully he was done being the helpless receiver of sex, because Ashyr wanted desperately to be the one who was fucked. Her crimson eyes practically begged for it.

As it turned out, Caleldir was done with being passive. Very done. He gladly followed her movements to place him on top. He began kissing her neck while he guided his once more erect dick into her. Once he was inside, he began forcefully thrusting, enough that her entire body moved with his.

"Oh, goddess- Fuck me Caleldir!" Ashyr said in wild encouragement. Her hand came up to brace herself against the root of the tree she had been tied to, otherwise the pair of them would find themselves slowly traveling across the forest floor by the power of fucking. An amusing concept, but not very arousing. As keyed up as she was, it didn't take Ashyr long for her core to spasm around him. Her back arched and she groaned softly with the power of it. "Caleldir..." She whispered again when her world calmed down from the white-hot pleasure it had been. "Gods, I love you, Cal."
