 Fair warning: This story contains some pretty dark themes. If you're okay with that, I hope you enjoy.

_______________________________

For untold centuries, the Arcane Order of Sais (sye-EES) has been the keeper of a relic of ages long past -- the Amulet of Meerach (MEER-ack). In times of great danger to the realms of man, the amulet was granted to a strong and noble warrior. This man may have been

a gallant knight or a savage barbarian. Either way, if proven worthy, the warrior would be granted the amulet for use in a time of mankind's greatest need.

Only three times the amulet was ever used, and the results were always the same. Upon wearing the amulet, the wizards would cast a ritual on it and its bearer, opening the amulet and the contents within -- a black oozing substance. The chosen warrior would then have found himself encased in the ooze and turned into the ultimate fighter, unstoppable on the battlefield. With unnatural strength, speed, and prowess, he would cut a bloody swathe across the enemy lines.

Every bearer has been mentioned in history and legend. The first time, the amulet was given to the Crown Prince Devon of Marmoth during the First Great Orcish War. The second time was given to the nomadic warrior Great Stag during the Black Crusades. The third was Sir Gavin Greybeard during the Second Great Orcish War. Everyone's feats would be remembered for all time.

But the their stories never had a happy ending. The power that the amulet gave came with a terrible price, one that took its toll on all three of its bearers . The user would be in excruciating pain. Even if he was tough enough to withstand it, the pain would eventually take his life within days. Even with this in mind, many men would come for the honor of using the amulet for their king, country, family, ambition, and other reasons.

But there was one thing even the Order did not know. The amulet was never meant for men to hold. In their ignorance, the wizards forbade women from reaching receiving the amulet, for fear they would not stand the pain long enough for them to be useful in battle. Women were not as tough as men.

Then along came a young thief named Ana. As she sneaked through the halls of the Order's ancient keep, her thoughts were of her hometown, Forestwood. It was under the threat of a small army of bandits - one that the local military was unable to defend against and one that mages would not deem serious enough for the amulet's use. Even if the King's army were to respond, it would be too late to save the town. Ana decided to take matters into her own hands.

Fortunately for the raven-haired beauty, while the the vault the amulet was held in meant traversing much of the keep's maze-like interior, the vault was not well guarded. Over the centuries no one even bothered to try and steal the amulet. This led the mages to become complacent in their security.

Finally, Ana reached the vault. No one in the Order saw her, much less try and stop her. This was far too easy. The vault itself was no more than brightly lit room with large statues of the three heroes who wore the amulet and a small black box on a pedestal in the center. She could not help but wonder why this was so easy. It had to be a trap.

Trap or not, Ana to find out. Looking around and finding no signs of anyone nearby, she moved forward, her level of excitement rising. No one had laid eyes on the amulet in over three hundred years. Not only that, but what she was about to do meant her own doom. Soon, it would be all over. If it meant saving her home, then it would be worth it. She reached for the box, and slowly opened the box.

It was there! The Amulet of Meerach! Was it? It looked like it. Ana lifted it in the air and stood there in awe. Gold chain connected to a gem black as night in a gold setting. There was something else. She had the sudden desire to put it in now. Something seemed to whisper in her mind promising power undreamed of. She would be the first to unlock its true power. Put it on. So she did.

The first thing she felt when it was around her neck was a strange warmth in her body. Her cheeks turned bright red as she felt a dampness between her legs. Her legs started to wobble, threatening to bring her down, as the sensation grew. Was it a trap? Had the Order switched amulets to deceive those who would steal it?

The answer came when the gem shattered releasing a black ooze that kept flowing out. The ooze showed signs of life as it quickly moved within her clothes, covering her from head to toe. Fear overpowered arousal as Ana panicked, trying to wipe the stuff off of her, but it was useless. She was covered in seconds.

FINALLY, I AM FREE!

A deep, masculine and decidedly evil-sounding voice boomed in her head. The voice in her mind easily overwhelmed her senses, causing her to collapse on the stone floor. She twitched there several times before recovering.

The next words were much gentler. Apologies, my dear. You just have no idea how long those fools left me in that damned jewel.

Suddenly Ana felt herself ripping the very clothes off her body with ease. Was it her? What was she doing?

You won't need these rags, anymore. All you will ever need is me.

Ana had not realized it before in all the excitement, but her eyes were completely covered. How was then, she could see?

You see through me, now. You move through me. You ARE me! We are one!

"What are you!?" Ana cried out.

I am MEERACH! I am the demon in which the amulet was named. I will explain more, but we will be discovered, soon. We must flee!

Ana (Or was it Meerach controlling her? It was all confusing.) finished tearing off her clothes. All she wore was the pitch black ooze that made up Meerach. The way it molded to her, she may as well have been naked. Every detail of her athletic build was known to the world, now. Her moderately-sized breasts with their proud nipples, her toned buttocks...even every strand of her hair both her head and between her legs could be made out.

Now all but naked, she took of running. Her speed, now, was amazing. Even a horse could not run this fast. More than that, she moved with such precision that she rounded corners without slowing down or crashing into any walls.

It did not take long for a mage to notice her running and sound the alarm, but by the time any response could be mustered, it was too late. A bunch confused men and women in wizards robes watched as a naked girl covered in black sprinted right through the main hall and through the open gates outside.

Still unsure who was in control, Ana almost immediately took a detour into the hills. Not even thinking of her nakedness, she covered more ground than she thought possible, leaping over rocks and running without tiring. Day turned to night, then night into dawn. She went through the hills, and deep into the forest beyond, finally stopping at what looked to be a small cave made under the roots of an ancient oak. Almost sure she was under the demon's control, she crawled inside and huddled up int the darkness.

Good. Now no one will find us.

A whole mess of questions entered into Ana's mind. What was happening? Was this really the amulet of legend? If so, why no pain? She heard the demon laughing in her head.

Now that we are alone, I will explain everything.

Images flashed in her mind as if they were memories. Millennia ago, I was summoned and bound to a gemstone by a primal witch named Trella. I was to give her the power you now possess.

Ana looked down at the blackness covered her. What kind of power?

Exactly what the legends of the amulet said they would do. You will become a warrior without equal. Trella was supposed to be the one to use me, but she was killed by band of cannibalistic tribesman. For centuries, I was left inside the gem, helpless to so anything but wait.

Ana felt herself choke up. She had idea why she felt so sympathetic towards the monster that took her over.

Finally, I was found by the sorcerer, Sais, the man that idiotic order was named after. It was he who attached me to the amulet, after finding out what I was. What a fool he was to think that my power was meant for a man! He even created the ritual to force me to one!

Ana started to feel the ooze stimulate her. Her breasts, her nipples, between her legs, even...no not there! She tried to move, but found herself unable to. The thing had hardened and trapped her, inside.

What he and his order never found after all they learned, was that I was summoned by a woman - bound by a woman -- meant for a woman's body!

No matter what she tried to do, no matter how much she panicked, Ana could do nothing but endure the demon's intimate touch. She had long gone past regretting her decision to steal the amulet.

Though I am now free to do as I please, I am not without gratitude. You shall have my power without knowing the pain of the others. Even so, the power is not without its price. Trella knew this, too. Your lust will know no bounds. You will crave sex with whomever you see. But but no matter you lay with, you will crave more. True release comes only from the kill.

As the demon continued to speak, Ana's first orgasm burst through her like a torrent of flames. She screamed out from the top of her lungs, but it was muffled. By her prison.

Like that? There will be more. You will experience more for a year and a day, as I fully join with you.

A year and a day!? But...her village!

It is already too late for them, my dear. Now relax and enjoy.

Any thought of grief was quickly drowned out in a tide of erotic pleasure. Ana thought she would go mad from it. It was a vain hope.