 Fair warning: This story contains some pretty dark themes. If you're okay with that, I hope you enjoy.

*****

Chapter 2

True to the demon's word, the process lasted one year and one day. During this time, the Five Kingdoms of men were alerted to the fate of the amulet, and a massive manhunt was on the way. The reward was high enough that even the simplest of peasants could live well – his subsequent generations, too. Needless to say, knights and adventurers from all across the Five Kingdoms of Man involved themselves in the search. The goal the mages gave was simple: Find the creature that destroyed the amulet and bring its head. A year later, someone finally did. It was too late.

For three days, Dolan the Dishonored led his group of misfits deep into the Forest of Antiquity. The forest had been searched many times before, but nothing was ever found. Dolan, thinking that these groups simply did not bring enough supplies or courage to search found a few people willing to brave the deepest, darkest depths of the woods. Only the toughest, bravest, and/or most foolhardy would do. He found three that fit the bill, nicely.

Dolan was the kind of man people never messed with. Anyone who did either lost his guts, or his head. It was this ruthlessness towards even his fellows that got him kicked out of the Knights of the Sun. He was quite the well-built man, and rather big, even for a knight. He had a reputation among adventurers as a man who took high-risk jobs with a large reward. The fact that in almost every mission he was the sole survivor meant that not many would work with him.

Red Bear was the typical barbarian – big muscles and and little clothing. The fact that she was a woman at least made it a somewhat pleasant sight. She was far from looking the typical woman, being over six feet tall, and her breasts were almost gone in favor of her pectoral muscles. She wielded a large two- handed ax and wore heavy hide boots and a bikini made of animal skins. She never understood why the people of civilization looked at her weirdly. Maybe it was her long, curly red hair. Either way, she had heard of Dolan before, and knew of his reputation. That just meant he was tough. Red Bear was even tougher.

When people heard the word 'ranger', thoughts of elves and humans braving nature and guiding people through potentially hostile territory came to mind. No one would think of a halfling doing so. That was largely why Calvin Renny had trouble finding work. He was quite fit and was quite the marksman with a crossbow. Unfortunately, as hard as he trained and no matter how good he was, he was overlooked for a job. It was a no-brainer when Dolan came to him with the offer of a lifetime. He jumped at the opportunity.

And then there was Terrence. He was formerly a member of the Order of Sais, but when the amulet incident happened, he was caught up in the wave of hysteria and was one of those dismissed for political reasons. He had given the Order fifty years of his life, and it was all taken away from him in a matter of moments. Terrence wanted revenge on the thief, plain and simple. Dolan gave him the opportunity.

They arrived in the late afternoon. It took the group three days to get to where they would begin the search. "We'll set camp, here," Dolan told the others. He looked at the pack mules Red Bear was leading. "We should have enough food to last us a week, so we need to get to work as soon as possible."

Everyone started removing the packs they were carrying. "Renny, you said there was water nearby. Go get some. Bear, grab us some firewood. Terrence and I will set up camp."

Though nearly exhausted from their long trek through the woods, the group worked quickly and before they knew it, the sun had almost set. This deep in the woods, it meant night had fallen. The only light available to them was fire that now burned in their midst. Soon, they would be fast asleep, taking turns at the watch.

*****

It is time.

Just one hundred yards from the camp, beneath the roots of a tree and covered with brush, sat Ana's prison. The solid black substance that had molded itself completely to her body had grown until her figure looked no longer human. For the past year and a day, the demon did just what he said he would. He had worked her inside and out, unrelenting in his sexual torture of her. All that time, the only thing she could do was endure.

Wake up.

The shell around Ana slowly melted away and she slowly crawled out of the small cave into the open forest. She stood up and stretched, revealing the work Meerach had done. Her body underwent a significant change. She went from athletic to a slender but very well-defined musculature. Her skin had turned incredibly pale and her lips had turned very dark.

She was decked in ornate armor as black as night. It was not made of any metal, but it was stronger than the mightiest steel. These plates covered strategic places along her arms and the front of her thighs and knees. On down were armored boots with high, but thick, heels. Her helmet only covered her face down to her nose and completely blocked her eyes. Once again she used the demon's eyes to see. Her long, dark hair was neatly braided and draped over shoulder almost down to her waist. Her gauntlets ended in claws sharp enough to tear through flesh with ease. On her torso was a breastplate that mimicked the front of her body perfectly. It showed off her new well defined abdomen and plentiful breasts, including her nipples. From waist were attached three additional plates, one in front and two at her sides. On the back of the armor was molded a scabbard holding a bastard sword made of the same infernal material as her armor.

The 'clothing' under her armor was made of the ooze Ana was first ensnared in. Only this time, it did not cover her entirely. It now represented a neck-high thong bodysuit that also covered her arms and formed around her hands like gloves. From the bottom of the suit, small garter-like straps ran down the side of her hips and flared once again into thigh-high leggings, the rest of the way. 

Then there was the promised price. Her breasts, womanhood, and even her anus were under constant stimulation. The arousal she felt inside the shell had died down some, denying her any orgasm. Instead of being driven mad by the feeling, however, she now reveled in it. Meerach may not have broken her mind, but he irrevocably changed it.

There is prey, close by.

After stretching for several minutes, Ana turned to look behind her. Through the demon's eyes, she spotted a light in the distance. She could not help but smile in anticipation.

*****

Red Bear took a swig from her wineskin but was annoyed to find it empty. Over a week without wine? How stupid! She always fought better with some in her belly. This quest had better end, quickly! Still, there was a watch to keep. A long, silent watch, then sleep.

It was almost time to wake the old wizard up when she heard some rustling in the distance. The barbarian hefted her ax as she peered into the darkness. There was no mistake. Something was headed this way. 

The fire eventually cast its light on an approaching figure. Her black armor, pale skin, sultry walk and sly smile - Red Bear was confused. Who would be out here on their own, especially at this hour? The fact that the helmet blocked the stranger's eyes was all the answer she needed.

"Hold it right there!" Red Bear shouted. The rest of the party immediately woke up and was on their feet. Ana stopped, continuing her wicked smile.

Dolan was the first to respond. "What is it, Red Bear? Who's here?" 

When he looked in her direction, he saw. "You better move along, if you know what's good for you," he ordered. "We're searching here. Now get!"

It was Terrence who realized what they were looking at. The aura surrounding the stranger – he had felt it before. "It's her!"

Before Anyone could ask what he was yelling about, flames shot out of the wizard's fingertips right at Ana. Dolan and Red Bear barely got out of the way of the attack, which struck the object of his hate dead on. Terrence smiled, knowing he had exacted his revenge.

Dolan was none too pleased "What the hell, you idiot!? Watch what you're aiming at!"

Terrence looked at the former knight with glee on his face. "It was the thief. The one who took the gem!" He started to laugh uncontrollably. "I did it!"

Red Bear even angrier as she strode up to Terrence and lifted him by his throat. "You do that again, and I'll rip your heart out!"

As the others bickered about Terrence's recklessness, Calvin watched as the fire around the stranger continued. "Uh...guys? The fire's not burnin' 'er!"

The rest turned to look and were shocked to see Ana walking out of the flames unscathed, Red Bear immediately dropped Terrence and charged with her ax ready to cut her in two! To everyone's surprise, Ana effortlessly dodged the barbarian's attack. After a few seconds of stunned silence, Red Bear threw into a rage and kept swinging. Time after time, Ana avoided the attacks, not even trying to strike back. After a few more swings, she playfully ripped off her opponent's top. Despite being exposed, the now bare-breasted woman continued swinging her weapon.

Eventually, Ana became bored and spun her leg out, sweeping Red Bear's feet out from under her. She fell to the ground with a loud thump. The red-haired savage slowly sat up, shaking her head, but did nothing else.

Seeing his chance to strike again, Terrence raised his hands to cast another spell. Ana was too fast, however. Before he could he could recite a single word, she was behind him with her arms around his waist. The old man was too scared to move as she pressed her body up against his back. He could feel the nipples of her breastplate digging through his wizard's robes and into his skin .

Ana sighed in content as her hand lowered down between his legs and started gently massaging his crotch. She rested her head against him and started taking deep breaths. "I can see your life," she said. "You poor man. Those idiots at the Order blamed you for it all."

She let him collapse to his knees and she leaned forward, gently kissing his cheek. "Too bad the Order never realized Meerach's true purpose."

Ana stood back up and casually caught a crossbow bolt out of the air. Without even looking she threw the bolt right back at Calvin, striking him in the forehead with the blunt end. Immediately, he fell to the ground unconscious.

That left Dolan, who had done nothing throughout the fight. In fact, he just stood back and watched, not even drawing his sword. Ana's hips swayed in an exaggerated fashion as she rounded the campfire towards her final victim. Dolan began to run, but he was quickly grabbed by the collar of his shirt and pinned against a nearby tree.

"It's not nice to let your companions do all the fighting," she said as she forcefully grabbed his crotch. Dolan's eyes went wide with pain and he struggled hard to get out of her grip, but she was too strong.

"I see," Ana's smile turned to a scowl. "You let your team do all the fighting, then kill them once their usefulness is over." Like a vise her hand between his legs gripped harder and harder. "You have no honor."

Dolan screamed as his testicles were crushed. The others in his group had mostly recovered and heard Ana's accusation loud and clear. Red Bear managed to get up and make her way to them. "Is that true?" she asked.

Ana finally dropped Dolan and turned to face the barbarian and looked up at her. The Dishonored went into a fetal position, crying openly. "Every word. If you doubt me, ask your magic friend over there," she replied looking over to Terrence. "He knows what I can do."

"Then there's you," Red Bear replied. "You're worth a lot of money."

Ana brought her eyes back down to Red Bear's naked breasts. "I am? After what I just did, do you really think you can capture me?"

Calvin regained consciousness and saw the two women just standing there. He had an opening, but after the last time he took the shot...he wisely thought better of it. Instead he watched as his teammate relaxed a bit, no longer staring down the stranger.

"Smart move." Ana's smile returned as she leaned in as she leaned in and gently kissed one of Red Bear's nipples.

The barbarian stepped back in surprise, covering herself with her arms. "How dare you!"

Ana winked. "That was a thank you for the fun time." With that, she ran off into the woods and disappeared.

Interesting. You didn't kill any of them.

The were unimportant. Let them figure out how to deal with their leader. She had a better target for her first true release: the bandits that destroyed her village.

Wonderful! I approve.

Both Ana and Meerach shared a laugh as she found her bearings. Next stop: Forestwood.