 Lowton was one of those of those towns that liked to pretend it had once seen better days. Anyone who knew anything of the place knew that the better days never came. The stone wall was never finished, not that it would have stood up to much. Ivy and other vines had overgrown most of the buildings there. With a good number of houses abandoned, smugglers and other crooks had taken up residence. As for the town guards, none of them were paid enough to do anything about it. There wasn't even enough money to properly pave any of the streets, allowing last night's storms to leave them a mud hole. At least that what Ana hoped she just stepped in. 

You could have watched where you were going, you know! 

Except it was Meerach's eyes she was looking through, not hers. The demon just huffed and said no more. 

As she made her way to the sheriff's building, several people started to stare at her. Lowton may have been rundown to the point of apathy, but its new visitor was something quite different. From the obscene-looking obsidian armor to her almost bare backside, it was hard to tell what she was. Fighter? Whore? Both? Ana could almost smell the lust from some of the men that saw her. There might have even been a confused woman in there, too. Interesting. 

"That's far enough, newcomer." 

Ana turned around to see a pair of men with spears pointed toward her. Standing between them, a slightly well-dressed man. Unlike the others this man saw past her exposed skin and armor details. Like the others, however, he saw pure danger. "This is a quiet town, and I don't appreciate anyone making any noise. Understood?" 

Smell the fear on him. He's about to piss himself. 

The woman just smiled and nodded. 

"Good," the man said with a sigh of relief. "I'm Tomas Quynn, Sheriff of Lowton. What is your business, here?" 

Still not having said a word, Ana drew the scroll she had and offered it to the sheriff. He slowly took the document. As he looked at it, his eyes went wide. "You killed Percy?" The shock in his voice was undeniable. 

Quickly, he walked around her and went toward what looked like a small barracks-like building. "This way!" he called to her. 

Minutes later Ana walked out of the building with a large satchel filled almost to bursting with two hundred and fifty pieces of gold. The best part was with her new power, it hardly even weighed her down. 

I don't understand. Wasn't it supposed to be five hundred? 

It would have been if she delivered the bandit alive. It was no big deal, though. She did it for revenge, not money. 

It did feel good, didn't it? 

Suddenly she had a hard time standing up. The weight of the bag was not affecting her. It was...she was tired. She was getting sleepy. 

What did you expect? You haven't slept in over a year! 

Of all the...! She hoped she remembered where she saw that inn. It took some determination, but she was walking, again. It took longer than she had hoped, but she finally found the place she was looking for. 

Inside was the usual riff raff one would see in the morning. A small group of ne'er-do-wells either playing cards, drinking, or grabbing at the barmaid. Hell, a couple of them were doing all three. Thanks to the booze, the maid was not the only one grabbed. 

As she walked by a table, one of the patrons wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her over to his side. "Hey, new girl! I'm telling you right now that I'm the - AAAGH!" He took one look at the scowl on her face and ran for the nearest corner. "NO EYES! SHE'S GOT NO EYES!" 

In response, all eyes were on her and her helmet. Yes, it had no apparent holes where the eyes would normally be. This unnerved more than one patron. 

Ana decided to ignore them and went to the counter where the quite nervous innkeeper stood. Reaching into her satchel, she grabbed a handful of gold coins and slapped them down in front of him. "I want a room for the week. I want all my meals delivered there everyday. Other than that I do not want to be disturbed. Ever. Understood?" 

The innkeeper dumbly nodded, but otherwise did nothing. 

After a few seconds, Ana started to get impatient. "Well?" 

A few more seconds of no response later and she got got exasperated. "Show me to my room!" she shouted. 

The poor innkeeper jumped, startled and motioned for the nearest serving girl barking out orders. "You heard the...uh...lady! Show her the merchants suite!" 

Moments later, the quite nervous server was all too happy to close the door behind her, leaving Ana alone in her room. It was quite a nice place. Plenty of room, a big bed, and most importantly, it was clean. 

I wonder what kind of dreams you'll have. Killing? Fucking? Both? Sleep well. 

She ignored the demons taunts, and before she knew it, she had collapsed on the bed, her armor instantly gone and the money dropped haphazardly on the floor next to her. She did not even bother to pull the blanket over her as she quickly drifted off to sleep. 

The next thing she knew she heard the door slowly open followed by the smell of roast beef. Feeling too groggy, she decided not to do anything, while the lunch was delivered. Then she felt a familiar emotion from this morning - the confusion. 

It took a few seconds to put it together, but she realized the reason why: she was sleeping naked face down on top of the covers. Moreover, one leg was left dangling, offering whomever was watching a full view of her private area, glistening wet from her own unending arousal. 

"It's okay if you enjoy staring at me like that," She said without opening her eyes, "but for gods' sakes put the food down!" Startled, the maid quickly put the tray down on the table and ran out of the room. 

The smell of the food and her stomach's rumbling convinced her to finally get up. Too tired to stand (or was it too hungry? It had been a year since she last ate, too.), she crawled over to the table and and just sat there on the floor. Yes, there were chairs but she would not even bother with that. Instead, she just started grabbing the meat 

Your first meal as a great warrior and here you are, naked and eating like a savage. So delightful! Even the maid can't help but watch you. 

Ana perked up and quickly turned to the door to her room and found it was open a crack. A split second later, it was closed again. After a somewhat tense moment, she just shrugged and went back to her meal. 

***** 

The young maid froze in fear in fear after closing the door. She desperately prayed to any god who would listen that the stranger would not take her soul. She was just curious about the other woman's near-perfect body. Pale skin, shapely legs and bottom, a generous bosoms and sleek muscle tone.. what was she thinking staring like that!? Now she was caught and possibly even damned. Why? It was those eyes. Those horrifying pits of endles darkess that made up the woman's eyes. 

Again, she prayed for her immortal soul until she realized no one was coming through that door. Still she slowly snuck her way down the stairs and begged the innkeeper that he take the meals up from now on. 

***** 

You should probably fuck that girl, sometime. It would be fun. 

Ana recalled Meerach telling her that no matter who she slept with, only true release came from the kill. 

So kill her. 

No way! Not an innocent person! 

Then don't kill her. You can still have fun fucking her. So would she, I bet. 

Back in bed, Ana decided to try another, more provactive position to show the maid. She ended up falling asleep face up, legs spread wide open. Let her get a good look at her hairless treasure. Tease first, sex later. 

Come to think of it, she had never had sex with anyone. Not even Meerach, for all his touches and lewd caresses, had penetrated her. Oh well, the maid would do for a start. 

Something was different that evening. The same maid did some in, delivering dinner, but her demeanor had changed. She was audibly sobbing, and without opening her eyes Ana could tell the girl was shaking in fear. There was another thing: pain. She was in pain. 

Ana quickly sat up and opened her eyes. "What's wrong?" she asked with genuine concern. 

Already dreading this moment, the poor girl dropped the tray and immediately bolted for the door. However, it only took step for her to trip and fall face first on the wooden floor. With then end near, she simply rolled herself up into a fetal position and and started wimpering for mercy. 

Ana simply scratched her head in confusion. 

That's right! You haven't looked yourself in a mirror, have you? 

Still naked, Ana ignored Meerach and moved over to the frightened woman, crouching next to her. "Look," she said softly, "I'm not going to hurt you." 

She reached out and gently touched the maid's shoulder, eliciting a flinch. Sighing, she picked the tray up off ths floor and looked at the bottom. Seeing her face for the first time, she finally realzed the problem. "Ah, I see now," she said, strangely unaffacted by her new eyes. "You know, I never got a chance to check myself out like this." 

Ana turned her attention back to the still balled-up maid and... noticed something else. Just above the back of her dress was a bit of red. Pulling the dress down some, she noticed several welts. She was whipped with a belt. That was the source of the pain Ana felt earlier. 

Her armor instantly reappeared as she stood up and stepped to the door. "I'll be right back." 

A few minutes later, Ana was back in her room with another tray with an extra helping of fruit and chugging down a pint of mead. Still, the maid was cured up and sobbing uncontrollably. "Damn girl!" she said. "What's it going to take to convince you you're safe!?" 

She put the tray down on the table and crouched back down. "I... uh... convinced your boss to take it easier on you. I may have 'let it slip' I'd gut him if he ever tried to hurt you again." Still no response from the maid. 

It looks like she's been broken. How delightful. Now you can fuck her however you want. 

Ana just stood up and looked annoyed. At the demon, at the maid on the floor - she was too hungry and tired to deal with it all. Still, she could not just leave the girl there. Hell, some of the food she brought up was for her, as well. 

At first, she left the maid there and had her supper. Maybe if she left her alone things would improve. No such luck. Not even a peep between sobs. 

Having had enough, Ana just picked her off the floor and took her over to the bed, gently putting her down. The dress the maid wore was simple, worn out and all one piece, so she had to pull the whole thing up to take a look at her back. The girl offered no resistance, but stayed curled up the whole time. 

Her back was not a pretty sight. There were no cuts or siany sign of blood, whatsoever, but there was plenty of welts and bruises. Maybe she should have gutted the innkeeper after all. It looked bad, but there was nothing that could be done about it, now. Ana simply left the maid lie there as she climed back into bed, naked once more and just flopped back to sleep. 

It was quite a restful night, and Ana stirred to the sounds of various birds signaling the dawn. She opened her eyes to check to see if the maid had actually left. Instead, she was sitting on the side of the bed, no longer crying. Her arms were crossed to the point where it looked she was hugging herself. 

Ana sat up and was about to say something, but was cut off. "I know you're going to take my soul," the maid said, not looking at Ana. "I-I know I deserve nothing else in this gods forsaken existence, so please," She turned to look behind her, resignation written all over her face. "Please just make it quick." 

In one swift motion, Ana threw the maid on her back and straddled her, leaning towards her ear. "Silly girl," she whispered. "As I said last night, I don't want your your soul. Maybe your body for awhile, but your soul is quite safe." 

The maid stiffened again in fear. "P-please, I-I-I... your eyes scare me." 

"Then you might want to close your eyes," Ana replied as she brought her lips close to the girl under her. "Because I have this terible urge to..." 

Ana had never before even kissed a man, but now, in this bed, she was kissing another woman as if she had done so for centuries. Almost instantly, the maid started to relax as their lips came together. In fact, she started returning the kisses, though still frozen in place. She may have just been cooperating to get things over with, but Ana could smell her excitement, feel her passion building. 

Abruptly, Ana rolled off and got up on her knees. "Sit up, so I can take your dress off." 

"But," the maid asked, sitting up, but looking away from those eyes, "why me?" 

Ana started pulling the maid's skirt up, "What's your name?" 

"T-Tam." 

"Well, Tam. When I first arrived in town, I could sense a female appreciating my body from afar. Your reaction to me when you brought my lunch up, yesterday confirmed it." She stopped lifting the dress to place a tender kiss on Tam's neck. "A woman wanted me. I'm as curious as you to see what it's like." 

"Y-you mean..." Tam was interrupted as Ana lifted the dress over her head leaving only her bloomers. "But I'm just so plain." Tam removed the rest of her clothing and turned around on her knees to show why. 

The two women's body types could have no less different. Ana's body was everything the average woman could not be. She was slender, but well muscled including some slight definition to her abdominal muscles. Despite her build, her breasts were full and somehow defied gravity and included dark nipples that jutted proudly. Her bottom was well rounded and toned. Her skin, while almost as pale as a corpse, was flawless and smooth to the touch, showing no hair except the long raven black hair on her head. 

Tam, on the other hand, found herself ashamed of her own. Her skin was covered in freckles from her head down to her shoulders. She was quite skinny, with rather small breasts and inverted nipples to boot. Her bottom was even flatter than her chest was. Auburn was her hair color, which was evident as well between her legs and under er arms. Her skin was its natural color, though small scars could be seen, especially across her back wher more than once, she had been beaten. 

Ana smiled warmly and drew Tam into her embrace resting the girl's head in her breasts. "Let me check something," Ana said as she placed a hand on Tam's womanhood. 

What Ana saw was the life of an orphan sent from one family member to another, some of which had abused her. Because of it, Tam was no virgin. In fact the owner of the inn was her... cousin? It was not quite clear. What happened to Tam made her feel quite dirty. It was time to make her feel even dirtier... in a good sense... maybe. 

Without warning, Ana shoved two fingers between her new lover's lower lips. Tam gasped and was about to protest, but was silenced by Ana's kiss. Slowly, but forcefully, Ana massaged Tam inside and soon, the girl's hips were moving on their own. A few minutes later, Ana broke the kiss as Tam clinched around the fingers inside of her and gasped quietly. 

When the spasms stopped, Ana withdrew her fingers and moved back a bit, letting a Tam compose herself. For a moment, the made just stayed there kneeling and panting, wondering just what happened. She had never experienced something so intense in her life and there was only one thing to say. 

"More." 

Ana flopped back down on the mattress. "Maybe tonight," she replied. "For now, I left you something to eat." As an afterthought, she added. "And get my breakfast when you're done." 

You know, when I said for you to fuck her, I meant for your own pleasure, not hers! I mean look at her! She's pathetic! Just take what you want from her and be done with it! 

The rest of the week went much more smoothly after that. During the day, Ana just slept and ate, while at night, Tam joined her in bed. Every night, the maid learned a new lesson in lovemaking, always snuggled in Ana's arms and never leaving unsatisfied. True to the demon's curse, however, Tam was the only one who was. 

Everyone in the town talked in hushed whispers of what was going on with the stranger and why she was here so long. Outside of intimidating the innkeeper that first night, no one had seen her. Fortunately for Tam, no one was able to tell she had been consorting with the dark woman. Not even the innkeeper had thought to suspect something so scandalous. 

Soon enough, though, the time came for Ana to leave. She woke up that morning, finding her friend suckling enthusiastically on her breasts. It turned out to be the one thing she almost regretted teaching her, since it happened so often. Gently she freed herself from the mouth and got up. 

Tam was a little more than disappointed as a frown formed on her face. "Please don't go," she begged. "I need you." 

Ana was curt in her reply as her armor appeared and she heaved her sack of gold. "No you don't. You don't need a bitch like me who travels the world. What you do need is a good man to marry and have babies with so you don't have to work in this hell, anymore." 

One last time, she kissed Tam tenderly and turned toward the door. "Just remember what I taught you, and no man will resist you in bed." And with that, she walked out. 

Congratulations! Your first broken heart. Now let's finally find someone to kill! 

It was midday when both Meerach got his wish fulfilled. A highwayman, tried to take Ana's gold at knife point. No thoughts of sex plagued her mind the rest of the way to the next town... almost.