 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 82: R.I.S.A.

Caleldir, Ashyr, and Selene all stared at Risa walking into the room from the door and R.I.S.A. floating in from the corner. That was what triggered Risa to finally notice... well, herself. She probably would have done so sooner, but that acceptance she had seen in Caleldir's eyes sent a thrill to her very core. She was welcome in the bedroom! He wanted her there! She almost felt that she could die happy right there where she walked. Almost.

... but what was she doing here? She had thought she was pretty much a manifestation of R.I.S.A's libido, and that it would be highly improbable that her main body would have enough sexual drive to want to manifest here. Clearly, that was an incorrect assumption. Risa did her own lingering scan of her other self. This... this could be good, she decided. Thoughts began to pop into her head of all the extra things that were possible with R.I.S.A. there. This could be really good.

Ashyr recovered before Selene did. And the older drow came to much the same conclusion as Risa did. That was probably going to be great. So she reached out her hand to the more physical Risa to help the purple woman onto the bed, who did not need the help but took it gratefully anyway.

Selene, however... Gods, she was so horny at that moment... but was also still quite leery of Risa or R.I.S.A. or whatever they were called. Caleldir and Ashyr described the A.I's touch as electric and tingling. As Selene had no idea what that was supposed to mean exactly, and couldn't know for sure what effects it would have on her growing offspring, she grew uncomfortable with being in the center of the pile. The mage began to pull away from the rest of them.

[This is interesting.] R.I.S.A. communicated in her usual manner: the sound not really coming from her avatar, more just emanating from around. [I had not expected to see myself. And even less, to be sensorily cut off from myself.] She looked thoughtful. [Normally, I am you. But right now, I am not.] She floated up into the bed, sitting down next to Selene and folding her legs. She gave the drow a slightly frowning look. [I am sorry, Selene. I did not mean to interrupt. You do not need to be afraid of me. I have run 10,000 scenarios as to what affects my touch could have on your unborn offspring. 9946 of them resulted in no appreciable effects, 49 were minor aesthetic changes or spell-like abilities, and five were substantial effects but were non-negative. I can go over them if you desire.]

Caleldir glanced from R.I.S.A. to Risa and back, then almost laughed. The situation was surreal. Especially with R.I.S.A. stopping in the middle of everything to allay what the A.I. likely figured to be Selene's fears. He cocked his head to the side, closed his eyes, and began running through the genetic/phenotypical/arcane possibilities. 

"R.I.S.A.'s calculations are almost certainly correct," he agreed. He could not run simulations as she could, but he could puzzle out potentials. "But R.I.S.A., I think that you are rather getting out of the mood." He glanced over at Risa and found his heart skipping a beat. Damn. She was truly as sexy as a succubus. And was much better at keeping the mood going. That was likely because of her more overtly sexual nature. If R.I.S.A. had focused most of her sexual knowledge into Risa, R.I.S.A. being a bit worse at maintaining a mood was understandable.

R.I.S.A. blushed, then looked over at Risa, licking her lips again. [I think I may need to borrow some of my knowledge,] she said softly. Then, she looked back at Selene and reached out her hand. [Risa is fully a biological being, I am not. If you are afraid of my touch, you need not be afraid of hers. But, all the same, would you mind if I touched you?]

"She is basically one of those pleasure spells we learned given semi-physical form," Caleldir explained.

If Selene hadn't already been in the process of being aroused and eager for sexual activity, she would have probably left the room entirely by that point. Or at least watched what was happening from afar while masturbating. As she was, she was already hesitant to pull away even if she felt that it was the right thing to do at the time. R.I.S.A's explanation and, more importantly, Caleldir's efforts to back up what the A.I. was saying, caused Selene to stop and reconsider moving. Ashyr and Caleldir's explanations of how it felt to be with R.I.S.A. (or Risa) had made her both apprehensive and curious (and perhaps a little bit envious). And if it really wasn't going to negatively affect her child...

"Fine," Selene said. It was meant to be said in a slightly annoyed tone - like she was doing the A.I. an enormous favor. But, in her aroused state, the single word came out breathless and almost eager. Damn Caleldir and Ashyr for setting her up for this.

Selene's acceptance made R.I.S.A. look almost as happy as Risa had to see Caleldir beckoning her in. She lay one warm, slightly vibrating and tingling hand on the aristocratic Drow's shoulder. Caleldir's simplified explanation had been actually rather accurate. Then the A.I. floated and phased up to a position that was almost a mimicking of her more solid doppelganger, holding herself against Selene's back, moving her electric hands across her body, in less a teasing than an exploratory manner. She decided not to talk, despite her urge to say something. Most of her knowledge of 'good things to say during sex' was over there joining Caleldir on the bed, of which she was slightly jealous. Or would have been were she not finally able to enjoy Selene too.

"Goddess..." Selene whispered. Hesitantly, she leaned back against the A.I. and let the purple woman do her things. The other two had been right; this was amazing. Selene began to become excited about the thought of those tingling hands pressed against her sex. They probably didn't even have to move while there to bring her to orgasm, as climax-prone as Selene was. 

R.I.S.A. visibly smiled. She leaned over Selene's shoulder to lick her oddly not-quite wet tongue along Selene's ear, the not-quite saliva leaving those electrical tingles behind for a few seconds after she ran her tongue along the edge. Her breath that washed over Selene's ear was similarly exotic. Her hands flowed from Selene's breasts down to her stomach, and then one slipped to the drow's womanhood, one lightly vibrating finger even slipping inside. [Your pleasure is quite literally my pleasure. What you feel, I feel in turn.] She said to Selene in that almost telepathic way she had.

Selene tried to make a noise of interest, but it came out as more of a gasp. She'd been doing that sort of thing a lot recently. Anyway, she found it interesting that R.I.S.A. could feel what she could feel. It was a good trait to have, by Selene's estimation. Selfishness was acceptable - in fact, it was expected of her. A sexual partner that she had to do absolutely no work to keep happy? Yes, please. Oh, and she had been entirely right about the effect R.I.S.A's touch would have on her sex. Selene twitched at first from the unexpected amount of stimulation she provided. But then she let out a shaking, incredibly aroused breath and leaned her head back against the A.I. as she concentrated on the feel of the strange woman's touch. This was a good idea.

Given that R.I.S.A. was at least partly telepathic, able to guess at the thoughts of those around her if not necessarily read them outright, she could feel the meaning of Selene's thoughts on her revelation of sympathetic pleasure. The A.I. giggled. [That is correct. I do feel things for myself only in part, mostly dulled. I feel the pleasure I give others much more strongly than I do the pleasure they give me. So all you have to do is stay still on concentrate on enjoying yourself. This is all about you.] 

Meanwhile, Risa made it over to Caleldir's side, somehow making the motions that should have been awkward into something fluid and unmistakably sexy. She pressed her perfectly curved body into Caleldir's shoulder while her hands ran along his legs, chest, and back. For the moment, her motions were teasing, but in a strangely insistent way. She didn't quite touch his manhood, but her touch was firm and begged for more attention.

The ranger found herself alone in the bed for the moment. But she didn't exactly feel left out. It was interesting enough to watch both her lovers being pleasured by... both (This was so strange...) the R.I.S.A's. Which was a little confusing, but hot at the same time. Hot enough to be happily touching herself instead of butting in before it was time.

Caleldir was now having some trouble concentrating on things besides Risa insistent touches. He shivered into her embrace and turned his head to the side to pull her into a kiss with him. When the kiss ended, he gestured Ashyr forward, feeling a little bad that the older drow wasn't participating at the moment.

While Risa was looking a bit dazzled by Caleldir's kiss, Ashyr moved in towards the two of them. Her hands went to each of their sexes, stroking Caleldir's dick and caressing Risa's pussy. Then Ashyr and Risa's lips met, and their tongues explored the heady combination of Ashyr's wet mouth, and Risa's slightly electric. Risa's insistent touches continued, but now she was touching both Ashyr and Caleldir.

For his part, Caleldir was quite pleased to find himself between Risa and Ashyr. Since the two women were busy kissing each other, he instead kissed Ashyr's neck and ran one hand down to between her legs to rub her clit. The other he reached back to stroke up and down the biological A.I.'s body. He sighed his pleasure into Ashyr's neck as he felt both Risa and Ashyr's bodies pressed up against him. Sometimes, he loved his life. A lot.

On the other side of the bed, another of R.I.S.A.'s fingers slipped inside Selene's pussy. While smoothly slipping her digits in and out, her thumb rubbed away on Selene's clitoris. Without breaking her touch on her womanhood, the A.I. slipped around and phased through Selene to float a bit above her, giving her a deep kiss with that weirdly electric mouth of hers. 

Selene blinked in surprise. That was disorienting. And perhaps a little disconcerting. The mage did not kiss the physics-defying woman back when she found their lips pressed together. Part of it was her dislike for kissing those she didn't feel attached to, but most of it was because she was already deliriously close to climax and was too distracted to respond. Selene tilted her head back and away from R.I.S.A's lips - well, more like her head lolled back as she gasped and fought against her body's overeager desire to climax too soon. She knew it would feel better if she could just hold herself back a little longer. She knew she'd bow out after this, so it had better be a good one.

Without breaking the kiss, R.I.S.A. spoke. [Would you like me to kiss your womanhood like this? Or perhaps something else. I can morph my form every which way, after all.] 

"Every which way?" Selene gasped in question, managing to claw herself partially back from the haze. Selene was curious now and did love some experimentation. Mostly she liked magical experimentation, not the sexual kind that her older cousin was in to, sure, but... this sort of counted. R.I.S.A. had definitely put Selene in the right mindset for pushing boundaries.

[This form is a reality, but also an illusion. It is what I want it to be.] R.I.S.A. was seriously considering exchanging her illusion of a snatch for the illusion of a cock, but glancing over at Caleldir, she hesitated. The Master Librarian Hissael and the Archmage Birchborn had been the ones to give her this form, and at the best of times, she was reluctant to change it too much. And with Caleldir there, well, she decided that she did not want to change too visibly. It was hard enough that she was in bed with him as a female. Well, technically she was over there with her hips wrapped around his waist right now, but that was the major subroutine she had created for that purpose.

And so, she settled for kissing Selene's neck while she morphed two of the fingers on her right hand into a penis. It happened to be the exact same size as Caleldir for some reason, well, that was not because she was self-consciously thinking about how embarrassed she would be if he could see what she was getting up to, nor was it because she was jealous of herself right now.

But all that static in the back of the A.I.'s truly formidable mind took up only a few minute milliseconds of processing. She did not appear to be hesitating, feeling guilty, watching over her shoulder (technically, she could still see everything in the whole dimension and a good deal outside, she simply was not concentrating on it) or anything else along that line. Instead, she simply eased her cock-fingers into Selene's sex and then began finger-banging her in a far more literal fashion than that term was generally used.

As this was happening, Ashyr was getting impatient for something slightly more sexual to happen. Yes, there was a hand on everyone's sexes, but somehow it didn't seem enough. And she was pretty sure that Risa was willing to do things within the threesome that Selene and Carlotta were unwilling to do. With gentle hands, Ashyr pulled Risa over to her - from behind, in following with the theme of the encounter. 

The biological A.I. hesitated at first, apparently not likely the idea of not being close to Caleldir. The ranger hushed her, however, and then soon after Risa caught on to Ashyr's desires. She wasn't quite as psychic as R.I.S.A. was, apparently. But now she was lying down on the bed and was able to wrap her purple legs around Caleldir's hips, while she could orally pleasure Ashyr. It was a pretty standard configuration, but now it was Ashyr who was able to feel a tongue against her sex while kissing Caleldir. Usually, Selene got that pleasure, since she was too 'noble' to be on the bottom of the triangle. 

"Fuck her, Caleldir." The drow whispered in encouragement, pulling away so Caleldir could get a good view of what was going on.

He could tell what Ashyr was thinking even before she whispered her encouragement. And so, taking Risa's hips in his hands, he pressed his cock into her sex, then let out a long sigh of pleasure. He had pretty much gotten past his reluctance to have sex with the A.I. he had helped create by now, having come to terms with her feelings towards him, and his own towards her.

Normally, he would not have said much here, but he knew that Risa tended towards being more hungry for encouraging words than any of his other partners, and so he ran one hand up her purple-toned body to her breasts, sliding across Ashyr's thighs as he did so. "You feel amazing, Risa." He said softly, but enough that she could hear him. "We all should do this more often."

A shudder of pleasure coursed through Risa's body at Caleldir's words. They were exactly what she wanted to hear. She gasped and moaned in the sensual way only a succubus was capable of as he thrust into her while her eyes stared up at Caleldir with near fanatic adoration. 

Selene found herself glad that she allowed the A.I. to experiment with her manifestation. The fingers had been nice, but being filled with R.I.S.A's subtly vibrating finger phallus was a new and wonderful experience. The younger drow didn't really notice whether or not that penis was Caleldir-sized and shaped, though. Barring huge differences in shape, a cock felt like a cock. The old cliché that it was all about how one used it was cliché for a reason.

This particular instance of experimentation didn't last for very long. Selene was already desperately clinging to the edge of climax before she felt her core stretch around digital digit dick. R.I.S.A. barely had to work at it for a minute before Selene's fingers gripped the bedsheets and her body arched against her purple body. The mage's breath caught, and her mouth was open in a silent moan. Goddess, for whatever reason, that subtle vibration made orgasms powerful.

When Selene's orgasm subsided, R.I.S.A. morphed her fingers back to their 'natural' shape and pulled them out. The A.I. had undergone one of those sympathetic orgasms of her own, a silent but potent one which had resulted in the lights flickering a bit. Unlike the last dimension or even the Storehouse, though, this realm was stable and so did not shiver and shake with her climax.

Despite not needing to breathe, the hologram was panting a bit afterwards. [Just a little of what I can offer you.] Her thoughts went out to Selene, and only Selene. Oh, and Risa too because of course, but she had no reason to hide her thoughts from herself.

[We will have this dimension to ourselves for some time, and I will be available for more 'experimentation' when you are again ready.] R.I.S.A. morphed her vibrations to something slightly less arousing and more restful, like a staticky message, and kept her body softly embracing Selene's, waiting for the mage to react. All the same, her eyes were visibly drifting over to herself over there with Caleldir and Ashyr.

[I might be willing to provide some power now and then,] Selene responded to R.I.S.A. using her own budding telepathic abilities so that terrible admission could only be heard by the A.I. Selene realized that she probably could have just thought and R.I.S.A. would have heard her, but it was nice to practice her abilities. That was one more thing that the mage could get done while she wasn't wasting her time walking all over the damn place. Why hadn't she decided to do this sooner?

[Good to feel you practicing your telepathy,] R.I.S.A. replied to Selene. [I would love to help you explore those powers. When Caleldra shows up again, which I know she will, you will no longer be at her mercy!] Given her now twain obsessions with Caleldir and Selene, the woman would likely show up again sooner or later.

Caleldir was too busy paying attention to Risa to notice any part of what happened between Selene and the A.I. That look that Risa gave him made him feel joyful and guilty both. Joyful, for how could he not feel joy when someone looked at him with eyes like that? But guilty because once more he was beginning to fear that he had inadvertently programmed her to love him like this, and therefore all her obsession and desire was an artificial illusion. Then again, the same thing could be said about her entire existence, and despite being an artificial illusion she was real enough. Still, his conscience pained him once more. He thought he was over that...

Unaware of Caleldir's thoughts, Ashyr managed to wait an admirable amount of time before breaking up that moment between them. Probably had something to do with each thrust from Caleldir making Risa's perfectly shaped, large and perky breasts bounce up and down. It was damn near hypnotic. Eventually, though, Ashyr pulled herself out from being partially under Risa and repositioned herself until she was straddling the biological A.I's face. When she was situated, she pulled Caleldir's face towards her for another deep kiss. Ashyr quickly began to make sounds of pleasure even as her tongue explored and danced with her mate's.
