 Sorry it took so long for the sequel. Thanks for all the favorites and comments. Themes of tentacle sex, alien impregnation and alien offspring/mother incest.

*****

The moonless night was illuminated by the city's buildings and skyscrapers which stood out against the surrounding darkness. But within the bright lights of the city, a tremendous, dark shadow loomed against the buildings, a figure of monstrous proportions as large as some of the buildings with alien eyes that glowed with insatiable lust. It was a Yojuu, also known as a Demonbeast, a symbiosis of malevolent alien with a human male which had transformed into the titanic creature looming between the buildings. 

"Aahhhh! Nooo!!" Admiral Marshal Lady H of the Interplanetary Mutual Observation screamed in horror and helpless sexual arousal. Her curvaceous, scantily-clad body was held aloft by writhing tentacles stretching out for yards from the titanic Yojuu-symbiant designated by the IMO as Epsilon 015. The gargantuan, alien hybrid was over one hundred yards tall, and the voluptuous, platinum-blonde woman was a tiny, shapely figure dangling in front of its tremendous shape. 

"MOTHER!!" roared the alien-hybrid. "IS IT REALLY YOU, MOTHER??!!"

The Kaiju-sized hybrid regarded the beautiful blonde with its bulging eyes and let out a low rumble of delight. Two of its tentacles kept the hanging blonde's arms outstretched to show off her magnificent body while another pair feverishly wound themselves around her enormous DD-cup tits, sliding under her tiny, black string-bikini top like hungry snakes. Her long, shapely legs were spread wide open so her black, spiked shoes were far apart. Her body writhed but the blonde was kept in that position in spite of her desperate, struggling efforts to force her legs closed. 

More eager tentacles ran all over the blonde's skin-tight, black stocking-pants. The pants were so snug the tendrils might as well have been directly fondling and massaging the blonde's sexy, firm ass and the snug indentation of her flushed labia, but the alien-hybrid was not satisfied with only that. Several tendrils slid over her smooth, silky skin and eagerly wriggled down her pants. The tendrils in back wormed themselves over the globes of her delectable buttocks while more tentacles in front sought out her heated pussy, running through her soft, velvety pubic hairs and sliding over her sensitive clit.

"Aaaa!!" the buxom blonde gasped with unwilling pleasure as the hideous tentacles freely fondled and molested her. 

Lady H was the blonde woman's IMO code-name, her real name was Hilde although few in the IMO knew it. She had planned on sharing her secret name with the human who had been turned into the Yojuu-symbiant Epsilon 015 after they had been joined as mother and son. Hilde had come down from her orbiting flagship believing she could use the charms of her voluptuous body to lure the human male who had turned into the unprecedented Class VII alien-hybrid. She had believed she could do what no other woman in the IMO had ever managed and slake a Demonbeast's limitless sexual and incestous appetites. 

Hilde had been so enthralled with desire to become the mother host to the most powerful Yojuu-hybrid ever seen, that she had foolishly not bothered to check the readings of her shuttle before she landed. She had left her shuttle and rushed to last reported location of the hybrid using the micro-jet boosters at her hips to propel her across the nighttime city. She had arrived to find the gigantic alien-hybrid rampaging in the streets, it's misshapen body looking like a cross between a warped human and a mutated dinosaur. The monster had noticed Hilde and quickly snatched her from the air, and it now eagerly regarded her with its glowing, car-sized eyes.

"MOTHER!" the alien-hybrid roared.

"No!! Stop!!" Hilde cried as she struggled in the Demonbeast's writhing clutches. She frantically looked around for aid but the IMO agents Isha and Cee along with hundreds of other beautiful women had already been stripped completely naked and were helplessly bound in the monster's countless tentacles.

Suspended all around the alien-hybrid, the sexy, nude women were being wildly ravished and raped by vigorous, thrusting tentacles. Each one overwhelming the wailing, sobbing women with powerful, unwanted climaxes. The thick, pulsing appendages hungrily jammed themselves into sopping, aroused cunts or forced their long shafts far into the women's tight, sexy asses or pushed huge, penis-shaped ends past soft lips to drive deep down the women's warm, unwilling throats. Some of the tentacles ended with rasping, fang-filled mouths with lolling, slavering tongues and these hideous mouths attached themselves to the most buxom women's firm, luscious tits, ravenously sucking their nipples and driving these helpless women to even greater heights of frantic, horrified ecstasy. 

More tentacles continued to sprout from the giant alien-hybrid, crashing into buildings to seize more lovely, sexy women from their showers or beds or out of gyms or bars or off the street, ripping away the women's clothes and spreading their arms and legs open so the tentacles could start ravishing their tight holes and make them all writhe and moan with involuntary pleasure. Whatever moments of resistance the naked women managed to summon were quickly conquered by the violating tentacles, and their terrified struggles quickly faded away into limp moaning as they surrendered themselves with unconscious flexing of their hips and widening of their spread open thighs, their pussies leaking out floods of sticky, pleasured wetness. 

The high-tech visor covering half of Hilde's beautiful face gave readouts showing that every naked woman was being relentlessly climaxed out of her mind by the lust-filled alien-hybrid. Even the IMO agents, who had been trained on relentless rape machines that could climax women into comas if they did not keep up with the pounding metal shafts, could not fight against the Yojuu-hybrid's feverish hunger. Hilde realized she how much of a fool she had been thinking she could cope with a Demonbeast-human hybrid's lust and sexual might, and she felt a sheer, horrified terror she looked down past her jutting breasts to the lower half of the Demonbeast's body and saw what was the alien-hybrid had waiting for her. 

The squirming tentacles raping the hundreds of nude women were sprouting from all over the creature's giant body, but its gargantuan cock rose up between it legs like a huge, pulsing monolith, almost equal in size to its whole form. Scores of the wailing, ecstatic women were having their naked bodies rubbed up and down the tremendous shaft, their soft, pliant tits, smooth bellies and sleek thighs being forced to run over the throbbing surface of the enormous cock even as the smaller tentacles raped them into mindless slaves. But were no women at the huge, bulging end of the titanic cock which was several yards directly below Hilde's wide open legs.

Behind Hilde's visor droplets of aroused and fearful sweat beaded on her smooth brow and her cheeks were deeply flushed in spite of her horror. The tendrils roaming over her hips suddenly flexed and completely shredded away her stocking-pants, leaving her wearing nothing but a tiny, black thong whose thin back string completely disappeared between her curving, sexy buttocks and whose front triangle barely covered the white-blonde hairs of her pussy and snugly outlined her camel-toe. 

"I HAVE FOUND YOU AT LAST, MOTHER!!" roared the alien-hybrid in eager lust. "ALL THESE OTHER WOMEN WERE NOT THE ONE! THEY COULD NOT BECOME MY MOTHERRR!" 

The molesting tentacles withdrew from Hilde's tits and hips, and she was lifted upward toward the alien-hybrid's monstrous head that hunched on the end of its neck. Her arms and legs were opened even wider as she was laid across the alien-hybrid's leering face, the half-dragon, half-skull visage pressing against her entire body and her open crotch was pulled hard against its giant, nuzzling snout. 

"Aaaa!" Hilde gasped in new pleasure as she felt her thong-clad cunt rubbed against the alien-hybrid's huge nostrils which widened as he deeply sniffed her pussy. The hybrid's hot breath made Hilde's cunt let out a new flood of sticky wetness that ran over the inhaling snout.

"YES!! YESSS! THAT SMELL! IT IS YOU! YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WILL BECOME MY MOTHER!!" bellowed the Yojuu-hybrid in delight. 

The tentacles dragged Hilde away and held her aloft in the air once again so she was right above the giant shaft of the creature's rearing cock. 

"Ahhh! Nooo!!" wailed Hilde. Several tentacles lashed out to roughly shatter and tear away her visor, revealing her sweating face to the Yojuu-hybrid for the first time. More tentacles tore away the thong from her hips and the ones clutching her breasts ripped away her bikini-top, leaving Hilde completely naked.

"MOTHER! YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!" hissed the hideous creature, its bulbous eyes leering at her. "I CAN'T WAIT TO BE INSIDE YOUR WOMB!!"

Only Hilde's flexibility allowed her to endure her shapely legs being yanked open even further, leaving her hot, dripping cunt completely exposed. The beautiful blonde secretly felt a shameful yearning to be held in this lewd position before the gigantic, hideous alien hybrid, her thighs spread open with her dripping cunt helpless before it. That realization made her even more aroused in spite of her terror. 

From the end of the alien hybrid's gargantuan, towering penis shot out a new, thick, throbbing tentacle tipped with a bulging cock-head as bigger than a fist. It swept up straight toward Hilde and came up between her widespread legs. The cock-tentacle reared like a viper in front of Hilde's platinum-haired pussy and all she could do was stare down at it in dreadful certainty about what it was about to do. Then the tentacle suddenly lunged forward, plunging the big, unyielding head into Hilde's cunt with the force of a squelching punch that sent her cunt fluids spraying all over her inner thighs and down between her buttocks as her hips heaved back. The thick shaft went all the way up her channel in the single, invading motion, and the end of the cock only stopped when it had slammed into her back wall of her soft, warm womb.

"AAAEEEEEEE!!" Hilda wailed in shocked anguish and horrified pleasure as she was ruthlessly violated, her cunt releasing more wetness as her vaginal channel was filled as never before. The enormous cock head lodged far inside her womb was filling her with feeling of shameful, profound fulfillment even as it painfully filled her vaginal channel and when the monstrous shaft began to pump eagerly into her, Hilde let out gasping cries of frightened ecstasy. 

"UH! UH! UH! UH! UH!" Hilde's moaning grunts were in time with the thrusting motions of the hybrid's vigorously pumping tentacle. 

"RAAAWWWRR! MOTHER!!" roared the alien hybrid and Hilde felt the enormous, driving cock-head buried deep in her womb start to emanate a terrible, sexual power. The erotic energy radiated from the huge, violating shaft and began to envelope Hilde's entire body. 

Hilde wailed in fear as she felt the monstrous tentacle cock start to widen and swell inside her, the already oversized shaft growing even larger, too big for her to possibly survive. But the sexual power radiating from the driving tentacle kept her body intact even as the raping tentacle shaft expanded to inhuman proportions within her. The tentacle swelled up horribly until it was nearly as big around as one of Hilde's thighs and it still continued relentlessly plowing into her over-stretched vagina, driving more than two feet of its thick length into her, but Instead of splitting the sobbing, ecstasy-wracked blonde in two, she was only made to feel like that was what was happening to her while the potent, sexual power of the alien-hybrid kept her lovely body in perfect condition to be impregnated. 

"AH! AH! AHH! AHH! AHHH!" Hilde cried grew louder in delirious, incoherent pleasure, waves of dizzying ecstasy assaulted senses even as the terrible, violating tentacle continued to swell in size even more.

Hilde's orgasm-dazed eyes flew open in disbelief and horror as the tremendous shaft within her expanded to become as big around as her whole torso and still the gargantuan, throbbing shaft impossibly managed to plunge and disappear into her voluptuous body. Her body should have been deformed by the titantic pillar of alien flesh doing into her but she was not. More and more of it went up into her cunt even though her heaving, helpless body should have been pulverized and torn apart by something so massive. More than a yard of the huge, violating shaft was ramming and disappearing into her and still more kept forcing its way into her body. Hilde sobbed in agony and even greater pleasure, her delirious mind comprehending that the Demonbeast was somehow fucking her insides on another dimensional plane, plunging more of its tremendous shaft than should have been physically possible.

"YES! YESS! YESSS!" hissed the alien hybrid as it felt Hilde's voluptuous, naked body shiver with climax after climax. "YOU FEEL IT MOTHER, DON'T YOU? YOU FEEL OUR BOND TOGETHER! BECOME ONE WITH ME MOTHER!! LET ME INTO YOUR WOMBBBB!! RAAARRRR!!"

The tentacle's pumping grew even faster and more violent sending Hilde into a storm of overwhelming orgasms. A deep, amber glow appeared at the base of drooling alien-hybrid's enormous cock as threw back its head with a deafening roar. The glow pulsed all the way up the entire massive shaft and disappeared into Hilde's sweating, naked body. 

"AAAAAAAAAA!!" Hilde cried in abject ecstasy as she felt a tremendous spurt from the end of the impossibly giant cock head inside her impossibly filled womb. The spurt was a combination of pure energy and an unbelievable, fountaining gout of gallons of hot, thick stickiness. Hilde felt the monstrous cum shooting into her, unable to believe so much could have fountained into her without her body exploding. Instead the gallons of inhuman seed merely poured into her just as the Demonbeast's huge, body-sized shaft was filling her without destroying her body. 

She could sense the alien-hybrid's cum with a shocking clarity, feeling that it was not just billions of sperm but trillions upon trillions, every one of the tiny, evil squirming things shooting into her womb and hungrily seeking her ovaries. Hilde could feel as each and every one of sperm began to impregnate her ova, creating an ecstatic surge of sexual energy that made her belly glow. The alien-hybrid's vast horde of sperm and Hilde's hundreds of ovum physically fused with her body, causing a brilliant burst energy to flower within her womb. 

Another pulsing glow ran up the alien-hybrid's cock into Hilde's cunt and another spurt of energy and cum shot into Hilde's womb, just as tremendous as the first and bringing her another fulfilling climax just as intense. Another pulsing spurt ran up with Yojuu-hybrid's tremendous cock and another followed, more gallons of monstrous cum sprayed into Hilde to join with vortex of energy roiling in her womb as the alien-hybrid began to fuse its essence with Hilde's lovely body. Hilde could feel the cum flooding the alien-hybrid's consciousness into her, and she felt like was being driven mad with the sheer ecstasy of it. The Yojuu-hybrid was roaring as well, both of them engulfed in the incredible moment of passion that was sealing an intimate, erotic bond between them both. A bond that would join them together forever as mother and son. 

The two of them, a naked, beautiful woman from space and a towering Demonbeast-human hybrid, began to glow with a brilliant white light. The radiance engulfed them entirely as their ecstasy consumed them until their forms could not be distinguished. Then they both vanished along with the scores of gasping, naked women still in the clutches of the alien's tentacles. The night was suddenly very silent as Hilde's cries and the roars of her alien hybrid son, along with the hundreds of women's screams, all disappeared at once.

+++++++++

Where...Where am I? Muneto thought when he regained consciousness. 

It was dark all around him, but darkness was warm and very comforting. Muneto felt no panic even though he could not see anything. He had only a peaceful feeling of contentment, as if he was where he belonged. He tried to move his body, but he was curled up and his limbs felt strange and constrained. Around him were snug, yielding surfaces that were slick with a moist wetness and a wonderful, intoxicating scent that was hot and musky. His whole body was completely surrounded by the warm, pliant walls and they tightened as he tried to shift himself..

"Oooh! Oh yes, my baby, you're awake! I can feel you!"

The vibrant, incredibly sexy woman's voice was very loud in Muneto's ears, as if it was coming from all around him. More of the warm, sticky wetness suddenly flowed over him, and Muneto felt a strange sense of pleasure that was not his own.

Suddenly a vision came to Muneto, but it was not from his own eyes which were still unable to see in the darkness around him. The sight was from someone else's eyes and Muneto was somehow looking through them. The eyes were looking at a large, white room that appeared to hold some kind of hospital bed. All of the high-tech equipment and monitors around the bed looked like something out of a science fiction movie. Several beautiful women were in the room and they were all dressed in the kind nurse uniforms that strippers would wear. The spotless white outfits were cut low in front to show off the women's ample cleavage and the skirts were so short that the bottom edge of their white thongs and the lower curves of their sexy buttocks could be seen even when they were not leaning over to look at one of the monitors.

"Lady H's vitals are steady. Her Yojuu-offspring's vitals are also steady," said a beautiful, redheaded nurse as she examined the monitors. Her lovely, rounded ass was completely exposed as she bent over a nearby screen, her position lifting up her short skirt to expose her sexy rear cheeks.

"Are there any lingering effects from her impregnation?" asked a busty blonde also in one of the skimpy, stripper-nurse uniforms. 

"Her ova have already regenerated," replied a lovely, black nurse with a very curvaceous figure. She stood up on her toes and stretched up an arm to fiddle with one of the dials above the bed, her chocolate-colored tits almost popping out of the front of her outfit. "She will be fully fertile for another impregnation cycle with her Yojuu-offspring as soon as she gives birth." 

There was a long reflective surface across from the bed, and the eyes that were sharing their vision with Muneto turned toward it. In the reflection was a fantastically beautiful, platinum-blonde woman with huge, jutting breasts, a slim, sleek belly and curving hips laying completely naked on the oversized bed. Muneto realized he was seeing the stunning blonde woman through her own eyes.

Who are you? Muneto thought and he somehow he knew the beautiful blonde woman would be able to hear his unspoken words.

"I'm Hilde, my darling Muneto," the woman's spoke softly but Muneto could hear her voice all around himself. "I am the one you made into your mother."

More than just words came with the woman's thoughts. WIth them came a wash of emotions that stunned and bewildered Muneto. He could tell Hilde was feeling contentment, pleasure, exhaustion but surpassing them all was a deep, adoring love that was utterly absolute and complete. Muneto's felt a strange shock as his own feelings responded with an equally deep and devoted wave of love for this gorgeous and astonishingly sexy woman. The reach of the emotion took Muneto aback and made him recoil even he wanted to embrace the feeling. 
