 Note from the author:

This is not my first story but is the first complete one that I've decided to post on Literotica. I'm open to comments and feedback on my work and how I might improve in the future. This story involves sex between a human and a demon, said human's transformation into a demon, and then sex between two demons. If any of these themes offend you, I suggest you don't read this story.

A note of lore for the story, in this universe demons and angels are not so mythical and polarised as traditional lore. They are related to humans in the way elves and dwarves would be. Also demons are not inherently evil, they are more balanced than that. However they are misunderstood and abused for their powers.

All characters are over the age of 18. 

***

 The demon lord Jaxus felt the familiar tingle of a summoning as his form was pulled from the demon realm into the mortal world. As he materialised, he recognised a chamber he had seen many times before, containing a woman he knew very well with a familiar look in her eye. His summoner was by far the most powerful, and most sensual, warlock that the human realms had ever seen. The two of them had been working together for many years as she built up her power and standing, and had formed some kind of mutual partnership. This was unusual for warlocks and demons, which tend to have a more jailor/violent criminal interaction. As Jaxus beheld the form of Grand Warlock Cassia Excellia Farlumen, he was reminded of the first, and only other time he had seen that look on her face.

A long time ago when they had first met....

 ***

 As demon lord Jaxus materialised into the then-unfamiliar room for the first time, he saw a small, young woman standing in a summoner's circle before him. Likely barely of age and tiny before his massive form, he could not believe his luck. This apprentice warlock had somehow managed to summon him in some farce first attempt. He expected to be out of the protective seals of his summoning circle in moments, and then to feast slowly on her soul before returning home.

Jaxus began to laugh loudly at the stupid girl about to meet her doom, booming at her "Look at you, how could you possibly believe this pathetic att-"

Something about the young woman gave him pause, as he noticed the look she was giving him. The most intense stare he had ever seen from a warlock, intense enough to make a colossal hell siegebreaker think twice, and a smirk or sheer confidence and determination.

'What could possibly make this girl so relaxed and sure of herself in front of a mighty demon lord like him?' he fumed to himself. Then, his eyes widened and his menacing expression dropped as he felt out and tested the summoning seals with his will.

Perfect.

He could find not one flaw in the pentagram that trapped him, it had been meticulously built layer by layer. He was not going anywhere.

"It must have taken a long time to make a seal such as this little girl, especially from one so inexperienced and weak as yourself." he stated evenly to the warlock before him.

"Indeed it did, lord of hell, many months of hard work for this moment, and it will all pay off." she replied, that self satisfied look still plastered on her face.

Jaxus snorted in irritation, this was not going to be as fun as he thought. "I don't see what you intend to gain out of this little, adventure, of yours warlock. You may have built a perfect seal, but there is no way you have the strength to bind me to you, nor the strength to even banish me to my realm. As soon as you step out of your protective summoner's circle your seal will break and I will eat you alive."

"That is where you are wrong, dear demon. I may be a novice but I have the knowledge and will to bind you to me in a less conventional way than the ball and chain."

"HAH!" Jaxus pierced her with his gaze, "You can't possibly bind me any other way than force, the hatred between humans and demons is too strong to change that. What is your name, O summoner?"

The girl shifted uncomfortably in her circle at his harsh words, dropping the infuriating look on her face. Jaxus grinned to himself as her eyes dropped from his. "My name is Cassia, Cassia Farlumen." She said, eyes to the floor. Breathing deep, she composed herself and returned his gaze. "And yours, demon?"

"You may call me Jaxus, Demon Lord of the Infernal Plains." In the pause after his statement, Jaxus took the time to size up his opponent. She was tall for a woman, although nothing compared to his two and a half metres of height, with long raven hair and pale skin. Her body was truly feminine, with flared hips and a soft, protruding breast, that was typical for human females. She had fine facial features that made her look half-elfin, and piercing green eyes.

Jaxus however was more interested in her stance. After her moment of fear, she held herself with confidence and poise that he usually only saw on the strongest, highborn warlocks. This was a woman with a goal in sight, and who wouldn't stop until she reached it.

He could see Cassia was sizing him up as well. A towering, strong body with muscles rippling under his deep crimson skin. With hoofed feet, proud curling horns on his head and glowing green runes covering his body, he was the picture perfection in a demon. He took pride in his form, as his status was not inherited, but hard fought over eons of conflict and gathering power until he sat on the throne of his own small kingdom of hell.

Cassia seemed to take a particular interest to the many small spikes and scale plates that littered his body, as well as the intricate demonic runes that displayed his power. Warlocks also had runes of power, small intricate marks on their wrist, required to begin life as an apprentice. Initiates had to draw power from the nether themselves to create their rune, making them able to summon demons and control them.

Her gaze eventually drifted up to the crown of spikes on his forehead, before finally returning to his burning green eyes. Jaxus was impressed how long she had managed to casually examine him, and keep him waiting until she was done. He felt some small respect for her at that.

"So, warlock Farlumen, how do you intend to bind me to you if you cannot force me with your will?"

"Well you see, I may be an apprentice but I appear to be quite talented. I have already mastered Xorces's third tome." Jaxus raised his eyebrows at that feat. "And in my studies in the grand libraries I came across some of the works of the Hellbinder himself." 

"Interesting," he replied, "I thought his works had been lost in the war with the arcane magi." 

"As had I, yet somehow there it was. Now, using his works and a little rudimentary arcane knowledge, I've manage to come up with another possible method."

"Well, what is it then?" He snorted in impatience, "I must admit you've made me curious."

Cassia's lips formed a surly smile "Well, it involves a contract of carnal pleasures." She finished, her eyes now drifting down to his demonic package. Jaxus's crimson cock was - at the time - an average human size. This was unsurprising as demons of his kind had little use for their genitals. They were merely a byproduct of the common ancestry of demons and humans. His cock began to stir, and his balls tense as Cassia looked on. Jaxus was unsure why she was having such an effect on him, but he was very interested in this deal.

"You see Jaxus, I will bind you to me and allow you to bind me to you in part. In return for some of your power I shall give you an experience you've never had."

With that Cassia fixed him with a lusty stare as she began to remove her purple summoner's robe. As the ties came undone she held the robe closed with a hand and asked him "Do you accept the terms of this bargain, demon?"

"I accept your terms warlock."

With that Cassia parted her robe and revealed the supple flesh beneath. Jaxus's demonic cock flared to life at the sight of her sexual body. Full luscious breasts lead down to a taut, smooth belly with a perfectly formed bellybutton that he had a bizarre desire to lick. Finally his eyes fell down to a well manicured bush that seemed to point directly to the moist slit between her legs.

Casting off her robe, she strode confidently out of her protective circle directly into his. As the barrier between them broke down he gathered her up into his arms and inhaled deeply. Her scent was erotic and drove an instinctual part of him to take her. His cock pressed between her belly and his pulsed with heat and need. She jumped up into him, wrapping her legs around his hips and pulling his head down to hers to draw him into a kiss. As their tongues duelled she rubbed her silky slit up and down his rock hard cock.

After a minute of passion she bid him put her down on her knees and drew him to her with a hand on his sack. Jaxus could not believe the indescribable pleasure as she began to caress his hard prick with her tongue as her hand kneaded his balls, stimulating them to produce seed for their union. She licked along the underside of his cock before suckling on the top and finally swirling her tongue around the rim of his flared head. Cassia repeated this process again and again as he got more and more tense, grunting repeatedly at her efforts. When he couldn't take anymore he pushed her down to the floor and lay above her. Jaxus returned the favour by flicking his tongue all over her body from shoulders down to silken core. He took special care to stimulate her breasts before moving down to the dripping slit between her legs. His tongue drew moans out of her as he lapped at her pussy and clitoris, his driving instincts making up for his inexperience. Cassia's moans continued up and up until she hit a peak and lost control of herself. Jaxus could feel liquid seeping from her centre as she convulsed.

When Cassia regained control of herself, she drew him up over her body, grasping his hard cock when it came within reach and guided him to her pussy. Jaxus's size covered her entirely, her head coming up to his chest, and she felt enveloped by his warm body.

With a gentle nudge he began to push into her silken depths. He growled as he heard her moan out in pain and pleasure. Cassia hooked her legs over his thighs to allow him the room to enter her completely. She guided him slowly into herself until his hips touched hers and his molten hot dick was implanted completely inside her.

Jaxus was in awe of the smooth heat of her tight inner passage as he finally hilted. After a brief moment he began to move out of her slightly then thrust back in. She moaned softly at each re-entry, marvelling the feeling of the rock hard demon cock pleasuring her. With a soft whisper of "More." she drove Jaxus onward to a faster pace.

Jaxus was in hell. As he plundered Cassia's depths, each thrust gradually longer and faster than the last, he felt her drenched pussy constricting around his cock, creating a marvellous friction that drove him to pump into her faster and faster, hilting in her harder and harder each time and driving them towards climax. He could feel his balls boiling and preparing to deliver their hot, creamy load into her. His spunk would be infused with the magic she desired. All he could think about was his imminent orgasm building as he fucked her.

Suddenly he snapped. Propping himself up on his arms he rolled her hips forward and angled himself to plunge down directly into her sopping wet pussy. He fucked her mercilessly, slamming into her hips as she began to scream and cry out in pleasure. Somehow in his ruthless fucking she started chanting an incantation between lusty moans and grunts. Jaxus could feel the growing power in himself and her as he raced towards his release.

He tipped over the edge, his balls boiling and pushing a stream of pure rapture up his cock, causing him to roar out loudly above Cassia as she finished her incantation. As his semen sprayed out of the tip of his demonic dickhead Cassia hit her peak and began to scream out his name over and over. Jaxus felt torrents of his potent and magic infused semen pour into her silken depths and nether magic channeling into her as she used the orgasm as a focus for her spell. As his stream subsided, Cassia lay in a quivering mess below him. He thrusted into her lightly and relished the feeling of their combined cream mixing together as she softly said his name.

"Jaxus... Jaxus..."

...

 ***

 "... Jaxus, Jaxus!"

The demon lord snapped back to the present to a slightly annoyed looking Warlock.

"My apologies my dear Cassia, it is good to see you again." he said sheepishly.

"You actually sound sincere this time Jaxus, your acting impresses me" she replied with a sarcastic grin.

"Now Grand Warlock I think we can agree that this partnership has developed far beyond its original boundaries. I am as surprised as you are, that I consider you a friend."

"Yes who would ever believe demons and humans could work together like this."

Indeed since his first summoning, Jaxus had been called by the warlock many times. After her first infusion of power from his seed, Cassia had risen swiftly through her teachings and the ranks of the Warlocks to become a magi of great power and status. Jaxus had enjoyed a great deal of variation and personal freedom each time he had been summoned. He had even at one point taught her part of his true name to allow her to call him easily and to bind them together. No other warlock would be able to summon him while she lived. This was an astounding level of trust between the two, completely unheard of, not that they let anyone know of their deal.

This trust had come through years of adventuring. Hunting powerful artifacts and waging great battles together to build their power, and in Cassia's case fame, reputation and respect. He had also assisted her in her deep research into demonology, secretly relearning the works of the Hellbinder, and then building upon it.

And of course, his favourite task, augmenting her power and form to make her the greatest warlock that ever lived. This almost always involved some form of carnal act, as Cassia had determined it the most efficient way of transferring power. Jaxus fondly remembered one time where he had sat on a throne with her bent over in front of him grasping a table. She had impaled herself on his demon cock and rode them both to orgasm about a dozen times as he etched the demonic runes on her back. At the end of it all there had been great globs of semen dripping from her abused slit in rivulets drenching him and the floor...

"I seem to have lost your attention again Jaxus, something the matter?"

The demon lord was startled out of his daydreaming again, loins clearly showing the thoughts in his mind. "Sorry. No, nothing wrong. I was just admiring your beauty once more."

Cassia smiled at his compliment, "Thank you dear Jaxus, you flatter me."

Jaxus gazed at her body, dressed in a regal robe. It was deep crimson with a plunging neckline that accentuated her magnificent breasts. Over the years his power had an effect on her, improving her body in many ways. She had grown taller, enough to rival the height of great men. Her feminine form had been accentuated by the growth of her breasts into impressive, pert orbs. This lead down to a still slim waist and then flared into wide hips. Her muscles had been toned from years of hard adventuring and combat, also giving a light tan to her once pale skin. Her raven hair remained long and luscious, but was now tied up in a bun. Despite the time that had passed since their first meeting, her face remained just as youthful and pretty, thanks to his magic. The eyes that pierced him were a more intense green than before, and seemed to glow slightly in certain light.

Jaxus had also grown in this time. He had benefited from the freedom she had given him when aiding her in the human realm, and had shared in the power she had found in their travels. His skill and strength had grown, allowing him to build his kingdom to be the strongest in all of hell. His loins as well had been affected by Cassia's unusual methods. His cock had increased in length and width to the point where it just barely fit all the way into Cassia, much to her joy. His balls had grown substantially. Not limited like human men by needing to rest after a single orgasm, Jaxus could fucking and cumming almost indefinitely, also to Cassia's joy.

Cassia confidently strode out of her summoner's circle to a desk in the corner littered with books, giving Jaxus a view of her tight ass and part of her smooth back that was exposed by the cut of her clothes. Her back was covered by thin green runes that swirled intricately and traced up her neck to her hairline. These were but a few of the many demonic runes he had drawn that now covered her body, greatly increasing her magical abilities far beyond her peers. These were a closely guarded secret that she kept hidden from everyone and anyone. It would not do for someone to find out she had been marked by a great demon lord. While no one knew of their partnership, most warlocks were aware of the shifts in power that had happened in hell. Cassia had to be wary of any who might exploit her connection to Jaxus.

"So, what may I do for you this time Grand Warlock?" Jaxus asked as he walked out of his seals toward her. He was well aware that Cassia had developed techniques to maintain the seals outside of a summoner's circle, yet allowed him to roam free regardless.

"Well Jaxus, all of my research has finally paid off."

Cassia rummaged through the mess of tomes on the desk and found the one she was looking for. Turning to him she continued, "Thanks to the reagents you helped me collect and extensive study and experimenting, I have created a ritual for a complete demonic transformation."

That stopped Jaxus in his tracks. "You mean..."

"I do. I have perfected a method for a clean transformation that will allow me to retain my mind and soul unlike the regular corruption of a human essence."

"Incredible. For you to retain your human skills and gain the free use of demonic power, the possibilities are..."

"Endless."

Jaxus was stumped. "I'm impressed, more so than I have ever been. I continue to find you smarter than I ever thought."

Cassia grinned. "Thank you Jaxus, I have worked very hard on this endeavour." Then her smile faded to... apprehension? "There is something I must ask of you Jaxus. Naturally this will require your," She glanced at his cock, "standard input of power, but there is also more."

"And what might that be warlock?"

"You see, in order for this to work properly I need an anchor for the transformation. Someone from the demonic realm to link my essence to a fuel the changes to my body. To protect me from corruption I will need to link our souls."

"Link our souls? A binding like that will be permanent you realise, we would both be forever altered by the other. Joined in union."

"Exactly, Jaxus, Demon Lord of Hell, would you allow me to bind my soul forever to yours and make me your demon bride?"

Jaxus's eyes widened and his nostrils flared at that request. Blood rushed to his demon prick, causing it to ache with need. He realised that this was something he wanted more than anything.

"Of course Cassia Excellia Farlumen, Grand Warlock of the Order of Magi, I will gladly let you bind our souls together and take you as my demon bride. You shall be a grand Lady of Hell, the most powerful that ever lived."

With that she squealed with glee and rushed to him, embracing in a passionate kiss. Their tongues duelled as they moaned and touched each other freely. Before he could get too far, Cassia stopped him and pulled away. "Before we get too far ahead of ourselves, I need to make the final preparations." She tried to compose herself, now hot and bothered, and retrieved the tome she had dropped on the floor. "There is one last thing I must ask of you, I need your true name for the incantation." She flicked through her tome as she looked to him, waiting for his reply.
