 Jenny had been a very bad girl and not just in the fun way.

She beat on the door to the supply closet and shrieked at the top of her lungs, "Let me out! Let me out you fucking bitches. I am not fucking with you. If you let me out now, I won't fucking kill you!"

This went on for some time, while her former friends Beverly, Siobhan and Dani sat together, side by side on the floor across from the supply closet door. In the night-mode purple-white light of the fluorescents, the three of them looked almost ghostly, their knees up, passing the bottle of liquor they'd gotten from Siobhan's boss back and forth taking swigs.

48 hours ago

Siobhan stared at Gerry with tears streaming down her face, her body trembling with sorrow and rage. Jenny had run screaming out of the room, but Gerry just stood there looking poleaxed. Normally when he and Siobhan fought, both would get red in the face and the screaming would start immediately. Both of them had what friends described as 'anger issues.' Right now Gerry just stared at her, his eyes glassy.

"Siobhan, baby, I- I-.."

She just stared at him for a while, letting him stammer through explanations and justifications and rationalizations until something leaked through.

"... and you had to know that Jenny and I had been seeing each other for over a year."

She snapped. Both out of it and mentally. "You WHAT?" She screamed, throwing an empty beer bottle at him.

"Every time we went out, the seven of us, if you got too pissed, she'd come make sure I was, you know, taken care of. She's a good friend."

"She was buying drinks, you asshole! How often? How fucking often?" she shouted again. She could hear her roommates waking up.

"I dunno, once a week? Every time you passed out?"

"EVERY. FUCKING. TIME. JENNY. BOUGHT. ME. DRINKS? You spineless little shite. You were supposed to be watching me, making sure I didn't get spew in me hair. Instead you were in here dipping your bits in that fucking slag?"

Dani and Bev, Siobhan and Jenny's roommates came into the common room which abutted the bedroom. "Whats up Shee-ba?" Bev asked a bit too comically, trying to disarm the situation after hearing the bottle break against the wall.

"I'm not in the mood, Beverly. I came to and Gerry was here in me bed fucking Jenny. Just having a good old time putting his wee little dipstick in her."

Both girls looked shocked, "What? Jenny?"

"I thought she was gay. I was sure of it," Danielle stated. "I mean she always went out with us and never brought a guy. Not in two years. Javon was sure she was too."

"That's because she was FUCKING ME GERRY!" Siobhan punctuated the sentence by spinning around throwing her heavy accounting book at Gerry, striking him in the chest and knocking him off of the bed.

Gerry peeked up from behind the bed, rubbing his chest. "You know she was fucking Javon and probably Thomas too, right?"

Siobhan looked at him with contempt, "you little shit. If this is right, the three of you have humiliated us."

Dani immediately started crying, saying 'no' over and over again, grabbing her black hair and yanking it back behind her head over and over. Bev looked stunned but not surprised, "If she was able to pull the wool over your eyes for two years, Shee, she could get me. I mean I only see Thomas 3 nights a week now and one of those I almost always pass out from too many shots. I bet that's her gimmick. She's getting one of us drunk at a time, then fucking our boyfriends."

Dani continued to pull her hair, mutter and rock on the floor, tears flowing down her face.

Siobhan looked down at her and then back at Beverly, "I don't have time to deal with this properly. Jenny left and probably won't be back for a while and I have to go to me Internship tomorrow. Hot and creepy doesn't like late."

Beverly smirked, "You did shots the night before work?"

"Yeah, I'm used to it. Keeps me liver hard."

"What about him?" Bev pointed to Gerry, "and Javon?"

Siobhan walked into the common room and started pulling cables out of the back of the computer Gerry kept at the house. Holding a fistful of them, she stomped back into the bedroom, "are you well hydrated, me love?"

"What?" Gerry asked nervously.

Siobhan responded by hitting him in the face with the computer cords, leaving a shallow cut and Gerry reeling back against the headboard.

"Holy fuck, Siobhan, this is too fa-," she interrupted him with a hard left jab to the face and when he brought his hand up to block she snagged his wrist and pulled it across him. Holding his wrist, she climbed on top of him and kneed him in the gut twice, causing his arms to go limp for a moment. She took this as an opportunity to loop the computer cable around his wrist and tie it to the headboard.

"Siobhan, what the hell?" Beverly asked.

Dani started into a series of racking sobs.

"Help me," Siobhan looked at Bev and tossed her a computer cord, "get his feet."

"Get my what?"

Siobhan punched him two more times in the face, bloodying his nose. She then grabbed his other wrist, looped the cable around it and threw it around the bedpost. Grabbing both loose wires, she wrapped them around her hands and stood up using her legs to pull the lines tight.

Gerry screamed.

Bev hesitated for a moment before tying the thick power cable around both of his ankles then looping and tying it three more times. She then took the mouse and looped it around the ankle-power-cable, making it tighter and tying the mouse-end to the foot board bedpost.

Siobhan tied the two cables holding Gerry's wrists together and he was pinned to the bed in a 'Y' shape.

"You crazy bitch. This time you've gone too far."

Siobhan shut him up by tucking Jenny's discarded panties into his mouth, then looked down at Dani.

"Put her in your bed, I'll deal with Javon."

"Ho

"I'll tell him I'm Jenny, then jump him."

"He knows your accent, it's not like it's common here, Shee."

Siobhan gave a big toothy grin and said in a flawless southern drawl, much like Jenny's, "would y'all like some grits?"

Bev looked amused and frightened at the same time. She grabbed Dani and hugged her, holding her tight and rocking her.

"It's true. I know it is. He fucked Jenny. In her butt," Dani blubbered.

Both girls tried not to laugh, shocked to their senses by her strange leap.

"Maybe he didn't, Danielle. You never know. Siobhan will get to the bottom of it," Bev said, "come snuggle with me until it's sorted out."

Siobhan however pushed the issue, "how do you know?"

"Because he stopped bugging me to do it."

--

The Present

"I swear to god, when I get out of here, I will find you and I will kill you!"

Siobhan was drunk enough that she replied, "no you won't, ya filthy slag. You'll shut your head and listen up. You were fucking our men behind our backs for years. Me boss said she knew a way for us to get back at you good, so once she lets us in on it, we'll let you out and then the humiliations begin."

Dani looked at the door nervously, her hair covering her eyes until she grabbed the bottle and took another burning pull of the liquor from the bottle. Beverly took it next and smiling, she took a sizeable gulp, then passed it to Siobhan who held it before yelling one more time.

"The worst part is that you aren't even really sorry and I don't think you will ever be."

--

47 hours ago

Siobhan crept into Dani's room that she effectively shared with Javon for five nights of the week. He was sleeping soundly on his side, grabbing his pillow with his arms. Siobhan made a noose with the computer's network cable and looped it over his pillow, arms and head. He didn't so much as stir, he'd had a bit of drink himself.

Siobhan looped the end of the cable behind the bedframe and grabbed it firmly with one hand, her other one on the pillow. Counting to three in her head, she pulled on the cable and the pillow at the same time. The network cable tightened around his face and arms and when he noticed, Javon woke up and started to struggle, flailing around.

"What the fuck?"

Siobhan crouched behind him and quietly said in her American accent, "Shhh it's Jenny," mimicking her voice just a bit. Javon had never heard Siobhan without her Liverpool accent so he had no idea. He stopped struggling and tried to crane his neck around to see her. She pushed his face forward gently, pulled the network cable past his nose and tightened it around his wrists.

Siobhan knew she only had a few seconds before he figured it out. She hooked one leg immediately, wrapping a cord around it and grabbing his other foot and getting them both in the noose. She was pulling the cord quickly when Javon spotted her red hair.

"Siobhan? What the hell?"

She turned around and smiled, grabbing the line with both hands and pushing off with both of her legs, pulled it tight, resulting in a loud shout from Javon.

"What the fuck? Where is Dani? Why did you say you were Jenny?"

Siobhan grabbed his pillow and put it over his face, pulling it down so she could see his eyes, but pushing it against his mouth and nose.

"Stop shouting or I will have to put you out."

Javon thought for a moment, then stopped trying to escape. She pulled the pillow away.

"You have been fucking Jenny. I know."

"What? You're crazy!"

She smiled down at him, "no, I'm not. I'm angry and sometimes when I get really pissed, I do crazy things, but right now, this isn't me being crazy."

Javon looked increasingly terrified and his struggling was making the cord cut into his wrists. He yelled a few times more calling her a bitch and crazy while she stood there smiling at him. Finally after a few minutes he gave up.

"Okay you win, I fucked Jenny."

"That's not good enough," she said and picked up his phone. She tabbed through his text messages and found where he had a few texts from Jenny saying innocuous things like 'it's a Toyota,' and 'I think i'm going to be sick.' She looked at the times and dates and pointed the phone at him.

"All of these were for around 2 am on nights we went drinking. I bet if I had a way to check, they would be nights where Jenny bought shots and Dani had a lot of them."

Javon's dark skin seemed to pale in the low light. He stammered, "okay. Okay. Yes." She stopped him and pushed the screen of the phone a few times, ringing Dani's phone. She listened for the beep at the end of her voicemail message then pointed his phone at his face and nodded at him.

He started to cry. Then, he started to apologize.

Then, Siobhan stuffed some of Dani's panties in his mouth.

--

Dani woke up after Siobhan had gone to work and walked into the room where Javon was tied up. She looked like she had been crying all night. She sat and watched him sleep for a while, before talking to him as he slept.

"I don't blame you baby. I knew you were a bit of a dog, it was attractive, it made you sexy as fuck. I guess it's more that it was Jenny. She was like our leader. You were something that I didn't have to share with her, that I got to sleep with in my room. You made me happy. Jenny took that away."

Javon's eyes opened up and looked at her. Dani pulled the panties out and he started to blubber.

"I'm so sorry baby."

"Shut up, Javon. I don't blame you but you can't be with me until I'm done with Jenny. That bitch is going to pay. Siobhan is mad as fuck and if the phone call between Bev and Thomas last night was any indication, they are through. She isn't going to fuck with him like you two, but we'll help her get even with him at a later date."

"How are you go-." She cut him off by stuffing the panties in his mouth.

--

Siobhan was tough but not without emotion and she spent most of the day at work quietly weeping. This kept up until she finally attracted what she thought was the wrath of her boss.

Her boss was a stunningly attractive (even to her) foreign lady named Victoria Malagasta. She owned a clothing retailer called Golden Apple, and allegedly it had been in her family under one name or another since the 1900s. Siobhan called her foreign because she didn't actually know where she came from. Her accent sounded Dutch, but she spoke nearly every language Siobhan had ever heard of and didn't look like anyone she'd ever met from the Netherlands. She was tanned almost to a copper color and her hair was jet black. Her eyes seemed to glow with an inner fire and as befit the owner of a fashion merchandising company, she was always impeccably dressed, if a bit scantily.

Siobhan had just started in on her second box of tissues, absently tossing the box under her desk and turning back to her computer when Mrs. Malagasta's shadow fell across her.

Siobhan jumped. She hadn't heard or seen the woman approach.

"Are you sure you're up for working today, Siobhan?" She asked, with a tone that seemed to imply that she was unhappy with her crying at work - wasting time.

"I-, I-, no..." Siobhan suddenly started to blubber, "I'm sorry Mrs. Malagasta. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to slack at work. I know you hate it. It's just-."

The woman towered over her and Siobhan felt only a few inches tall in her presence. What Siobhan didn't know is that her boss wasn't from the Netherlands or even anywhere that still existed on Earth. She had lived a supernaturally long life feeding on the emotions of humans and how tiny Siobhan felt, her boss did it on purpose, it was part of her aura. She leaned over the girl and turned her aura up to its most intimidating, the girl cowering next to her.

"Siobhan I need to know what's making you so upset that it is costing me money."

"Mrs. Mala- mala," She started crying even harder, blubbering, rocking and moaning like Dani was last night.

Her boss turned the aura off suddenly, squatted down and put her arms around Siobhan, saying quietly, "hey. Hey there, it's okay. You're going to be okay." She gave Siobhan a very tight hug and held her and the feeling of relief from Siobhan that she wasn't in trouble turned suddenly to elation and joy. Victoria Malagasta drank in the strong emotion, savoring it, the euphoria making her nipples erect and dampening her panties as she held the girl.

After Siobhan had cried for several minutes and Victoria had calmed down a little bit, she let go of the girl and looked her in the eye. Siobhan noticed for a moment that her eyes weren't brown at all but a deep red-purple color. She was transfixed for a moment, but smiled at her boss.

"Siobhan we have a problem. Several, actually."

Siobhan looked nervous again and with glassy eyes looked up at Mrs. Malagasta. The woman gave her a warm smile and said to her, "first, it's Miss, not Mrs. I've never been married."

Siobhan gave a sudden laugh of relief and Victoria drank it in, her eyes glazing over for a moment.

"And I want you to tell me what's wrong over lunch. I had food delivered."

Ms. Malagasta led Siobhan into her office and sat her down at the small round table that she kept there for small conferences. On the table was a small spread of luncheon meats, breads and spreads, fruit, a pair of chocolate chip cookies and a bucket of ice with glasses. She sat next to Siobhan, making herself a small sandwich and making chitchat.

"You've been an intern with us since September?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Good girl. You enjoy working in this end of retail?"

"I like the idea of building things, ma'am. In this case, I'm helping you build a business. I think if I had been a bit different, I would be an architect or artist."

Victoria smiled at her, eating the sandwich cautiously, knowing that she only needed the fats and proteins. "I like that," she commented, "building things is a sort of reproduction and therefore a basic biological need." She leered at Siobhan lecherously, "I think that is why sex feels good to us; because we're filling a basic need."

Siobhan responded with a nervous giggle but couldn't resist staring at her boss. Victoria smiled at her, catching her gaze and causing the normally very unflappable Siobhan to blush. Victoria polished off the end of her sandwich and stood up; Siobhan stared at her legs as she did so before looking up at her.

"Would you like a drink?" She asked, grabbing two glasses and filling them with ice.

"Yes, please. Would you like me to get some sodas?"

"Soda? Oh no, my dear. It's our lunch. Let me make you a proper drink." Victoria went to the cabinet at the side of her office and opened it, revealing a double sink and a liquor cabinet. She reached for an ornate crystal and filigree bottle with unusual writing on it. Siobhan couldn't recognize the script. Victoria dropped a strawberry and a slice of orange in each glass, then poured the clear liquor over it. The strawberry and orange seemed to partially dissolve as they sat in the liquor and by the time Siobhan took it from her, the entire thing smelled of strawberries and oranges.

Siobhan took a long sip from the glass, "this is delicious, ma'am."

"Victoria. I'm Victoria, Siobhan," she smiled at the girl, "it's distilled from equal parts catharsis, potential and joy. It takes weeks to prepare just a handful of bottles."

"You make it yourself? You know how to make liquor?" Siobhan emphasized the last word as if it was gospel.

Victoria laughed, "Now tell me what is wrong and what you should do about this Jenny problem."

Siobhan didn't realize for several days that Victoria somehow had already known.

The liquor started to work on Siobhan almost immediately, making her feel as if revenge would be a joy and would open up so many avenues for her.

She drank most of the bottle with her boss and it was just after dark when she got back to the apartment.

--

The three sat in their den after having fed the boys. Dani had called their professors pretending to be the boys mothers and claiming that there had been a family emergency. She figured that they would keep them tied up for a few more days.

"What're we going to do about Jenny?"

"She never misses class. Ever. Tuesday is her evening Chem lab. We grab her coming out of there," Beverly stated coldly.

"And do what?" Dani asked.

"Strip her naked, write big letter 'A's all over her in permanent marker and zip-tie her to a pole on campus," Bev said.

"Something could happen to her. She used to be our friend!" Dani objected.

"Nothing that could happen to her is something I would object to," Bev retorted.

"Even if she got raped?"

Bev went silent at that but neither of them saw the smile on Siobhan's face.

--

They decided on a plan to grab her after Chemlab and toss her in Siobhan's trunk. They would drag her back to the house, scream at her for a bit, then make her pack up her stuff, write apologies and delete all of their numbers from her phone.

The next day, Siobhan stopped into Ms. Malagasta's office.

"Thank you again, Victoria, for listening."

"Oh my dear you are welcome. You seemed so sad yesterday and you're such a hard worker, I figured I would make an investment in you, personally." Victoria smiled up at her and Siobhan could swear she licked her lips almost imperceptibly. Siobhan's panties were almost instantly damp and her legs felt a bit weak; she had no idea what was going on, but she grabbed onto the chair and sat down hard.

"Are you well, Siobhan? Sometimes when we have something go wrong in our personal lives, our bodies react." She walked behind Siobhan and exuded an aura of lust, enveloping the girl. She knew that Siobhan was currently straight and had no intention of changing that permanently, but she wanted the girl pliable.

It took Siobhan a couple of attempts to say, "I'm fine, I'm just feeling a bit, I don't know - weird." She pushed her thighs together and rubbed them against each other in a way she thought Ms. Malagasta couldn't see.

"I want you to have this. For tonight," Victoria said, pulling a frosted glass bottle out of the cabinet, it was covered in ornate carvings which made the letter appear to be written in clear glass, surrounded by the translucent frosted glass. It was full of a jet black liquor that had a certain viscosity to it.
