 This chapter will be solely based as the battle of the minds hence the description. 

Demon vs Geek

Normal chapters will resume after this brief chapter. 

-------------------------------------------------- 

As Simon awoke in the body of the unknown demon he realised that this was the mind of that demon/ human. This was because he could sense the human deep down this whole situation reminded Simon of the Spider-Man franchise.

with both Venom and Carnage with the symbiotes and how they needed to attach them self to a host in order to survive. Before Simon could ponder this further he heard a laugh as a mass that was black and red in colour dart in the corner of his eye. 

Simon could sense the entity before he realised that this was going to be battle of the minds for the survival of Simon's life. As Simon turned around to try and see the entity again he saw something walking towards him out of the distance although there was a slight fog blocking Simon's view.

Beyond the figure walking towards him which seemed feminine in how it was walking. The figure was placing one foot literally in front of each other not using any other space for the walk besides the little space in front of the figures feet. 

Simon thought he was relatively safe it was just one lone figure how hard could it be? Then the fog cleared only to reveal the army behind the figure, before Simon heard a voice say. 

"You have entered my realm you cannot possibly win, I have been with this host for months and I have the knowledge she has of you. There is no possible outcome other then death for you." 

This infuriated Simon as he remembered how the first 3 doctors defeated Omega in the classic Doctor Who episode The Three Doctors. How the second and third doctor used willpower to create a door where they could escape through.

So he used his willpower to create his own army which he succeeded apparently they were on even ground given that Simon was a geek as well as a lust demon. 

Simon's army consisted of 200 orcs (Lord of the Rings), Smaug (The Dragon out of The Hobbit), Daimon Hellstorm, Scarlet Witch, Quicksilver, Cyclops, Silver Surfer (Marvel) and The Egyptian Gods (The Winged Dragon of Ra, Slither the Sky Dragon & Obelisk the Tormentor out of the first series of Yu-Gi-Oh). 

Simon ordered his army to advance on the enemy's army as he sensed that the human aspect was buried deep within so Simon split his consciousness in two leaving the demon part to take care of the entity and the armies while his human part went and spoke to the human within. 

Simon managed to successfully do this as his human side delved deeper into the subconscious to speak to the human that was buried underneath the entity. 

When Simon's human side started to descend into the subconscious the demon side had just started the battle with Simon's army. When Simon finished his descent to speak to the human side, he thought doing this while the fight was going on was a good idea as he could talk to the human while the entity was busy. 

Simon landed as he was expecting a small room with the human in thinking that the human was trapped. He was surprised where he saw a room so big you could fit a coliseum within it and the room was filled with books on shelves, automatically there was a fog that appeared at knee height.

This was obviously the minds defence mechanism to try and protect the minds image of the person. Simon had a small idea of who the human might be and if the demon was just an entity then the real person must be buried in here somewhere. 

Simon shouted out loud "I am not here to harm you I just want to talk and help you." Simon's voice rang out throughout the room. 

He was honestly telling the truth and the human saw this in him as she knew him from college. She knew that he was one of the few people, who generally do not lie which was due to his condition which she knew about. Not being half demon no one besides the demons knew that secret. 

She made herself be shown and the fog dispersed a bit revealing the person who was Caty who was completely clothed, she was a naturally big chested, slim, brunette, 5 foot 2 inches female. Although she was wearing a pair of jeans, converse trainers and a tasteful T-shirt that was plain black. 

Simon thought that must've been what she was wearing when she encountered the entity. "Caty how I thought you left the course to do your apprenticeship?" Simon asked 

"I did but along the way I encountered this weird person and whatever was in him past itself to me." Caty replied to Simon feeling relieved to see him. Her voice to Simon was light, innocent and high pitched. 

"Sorry to hear that shall we sit and we can have a proper talk?" 

"There is nowhere to sit here." 

"Oh really Caty look again." As Caty turned around Simon had used his imagination to create a park bench just behind them just as he created his army thanks to his geekiness. 

"How did you do that?" 

"I just used my imagination." 

"Here was me thinking I had to keep standing until it is done with me." 

"Not if I have anything to say about it Caty, right here and now is when we kick the entity out of your body." 

"How and how did you end up hear? Are you it's next host?" 

"With your help, I flew into the body to save my friends and nope I doubt it as I am not compatible." 

"flew? And how not compatible?" 

"Yeah flew as I have a secret which I have to tell you if you want to know that is." 

"You're here in the body of a class mate of yours who is trapped in her own mind and you still give me the choice to know your secret or not?" 

"Yeah it is who I am." 

"Ok then tell me your secret." 

Simon proceeded to tell Caty that he was in fact half demon which explains the flew comment earlier. He then told her about his demon form and that he split the conscious in two so he could come and talk to her while the demon half dealt with the entity.

As well as the army that the entity had, this also explained why Simon thought he was not compatible which makes sense. If the entity needed 100% humans to survive then it would die if it choose to try and take over Simon as the demon side would immediately destroy the entity. 

Caty understood that which means there was a bad idea although she knew that the entity was cunning enough to try it.

Simon then told her about once this was over she would have a choice to go back to her family in Wolverhampton or stay at the mansion with Simon and the other demons. Simon then told her "Think about it and when all this is over give me your answer then." Caty just nodded in agreement. 

Meanwhile with the Demon side of Simon

As the fight raged on neither side was budging in terms of the number of allies lost. Then out of nowhere one of the orcs sliced one of the red skinned enemies this made the entity writhe in pain, then it became apparent to the demon side that each time they killed one of the red skinned foes makes the entity lose strength which in turn makes the human side strong enough to take over completely. 

Simon's demon side shouted to all the allies "Ignore the main entity and just focus on the red skinned foes as they cause the entity pain." All the allies heard this and they refocused on the army not the leader. This meant that the entity was fighting only Simon's demon side 

With the human side of Simon 

Simon noticed the change in Caty slightly as he connected mentally to the demon side only to find that they were annihilating the army leaving only the entity left.

Simon informed Caty of the development which gave her hope of finally being free from the entity, all Simon's human side have to do is help out from the inside in order to repel the entity by empowering the human within.

The only way the only way that Simon could think of empowering the human within, was to cause pleasure as that would draw more energy and control to the human weakening the demon entity enough for the demon side of Simon to destroy the entity.

Simon could have forced pleasure on Caty but that wasn't him if he ever gave into that urge he would have gone through the ultimate lose, losing himself to the demon side. 

Simon thought he would see if Caty would want to have the upper hand in beating the demon and he would take a step back letting Caty defeat the demon herself. 

He decided to do this because he knew first hand that demons underestimate human beings every time but this time Simon was going to show this entity who it messed with. Especially since it chose someone who Simon regarded as a friend and that Caty was stronger than she was letting on to create that fog, this showed Simon that she was choosing her moment carefully. 

Simon asked Caty "If you could over power the demon and force it out would you do it?" Caty looked at him for a short while before replying. 

"Of course I would but I am trapped here while that thing is walking round as me." 

"I can give you a way out but it does require us to have sex as it would momentarily give you enough power to confront the demon entity." 

"Simon at this point I will try anything." 

With that Simon stepped closer to Caty kissing her she had a closed mouth but Simon was trying to get her to open up as he tried to wriggle his tongue into her mouth which she soon opened her mouth. 

Allowing Simon to thrust his tongue into her mouth as he started to undo his trouser zip, after a few minutes of passionate kissing Caty started grinding against Simons sizable bulge. Simon managed to undo his zip and as he pulled his trousers and briefs down with the assistance of Caty they both released Simons 20 inched erect cock.

Caty's clothes instantly disappeared as she willed them away only to jump on Simon's cock while they both were still standing, as Simon impaled her with his long cock she moaned as loud as she could.

This only spurred Simon on with the assault on her pussy, Simon could feel that she was about to orgasm as she orgasmed her whole body started to glow bright yellow as the power of pleasure was making her strong enough to actually defeat the demon entity. 

Simon withdrew his cock as they both imaged their clothes were back on, now that Caty was powerful enough to take on the demon entity they both ascended out of the depths of Cathy's subconscious and headed for the battlefield. 

On the battlefield 

Both armies were gone and it was only Simon's demon form left and the demon entity as the human side to Simon emerged with a female that must be the host for the demon entity, thought Simon's demon side. 

The two halves to Simon merged back into one as Caty dived at the demon passing straight through the entity, this meant that now the entity had to find a new host because Caty had used the power gained through pleasure to reclaim the body. 

The entity couldn't survive long without a human host so the entity did what Simon was dreading, trying to use his body as a host. 

As the entity rushed Simon it completely phased through the body although it was a suicidal act on the entity's part as the demon side of Simon obliterated the entity only stripping the knowledge on mind control from the entity. 

For that moment though Simon could leave Caty's body as the entity was no longer there, as Simon went to move out of the body Cathy ran over to Simon and hugged him as she whispered.

"Thank you" 

In his ear. Simon disentangled himself from Caty's embrace before bidding her goodbye to return to the land of the living. Simon flew as high and as fast as he could making out of Caty's body only to be greeted by Terra, Madison and Cara, Caty stirred before moaning as she regained consciousness. 

Simon was also awake after that ordeal and only 2 thing ran through his mind and that was. 

"Being a Geek is awesome and I'm awesome."