  Sorry for the late posting of this chapter as it is later then I expected. In this chapter I have tried to follow the thread of the previous chapter in terms of layout and story. 

It see's the return of Slamaria, the introduction to new humans and demons, discovering Slamaria's and Batherox's powers and Simon's cunning. Hope you enjoy this chapter.

*

As the car sped away from the mansion everything was quite within the car. They spent the 3 hours journey back to Wolverhampton with the only sound coming from the car was when Simon asked Samantha where she was staying only to find that she lived just down the road from where Simon lived. 

While Samantha got out of the car in the house where she lived Simon told her "If ever you need help come and see me at my home here in Wolverhampton." Where he got a yes my lord from Samantha. 

Meanwhile at the Mansion

Cara was busy sorting through all the investments that Simon wanted nothing to do with preparing them for the opening of the stock market the coming Friday when Terra came into Simons office where Cara was. 

"Terra what's up?" Cara asked not looking up from her work until the very last file had been set up for the stock market. 

"There is a problem." Terra began telling Cara. 

"What!! Is it a minor problem or a big one?" Cara asked after trying to regain her composure. 

"Big one as one of the Mutant Spawn with an experimental gene according to Nefra has gotten loose and bit a demon which has resulted in a gross, hideous transformation where he has gone into a berserker rage." Terra explained the situation to Cara so that she could be aware of this. 

"That is a big problem. Did Nefra say how it is spread?" Cara asked Terra. 

"Yeah he did. It is spread through physical contact a bite, a kiss however the host chooses. I have already got every demon looking for the infected demon with strict instructions not to let it get close to them and if they see it to kill it with extreme prejudice." Terra informed Cara of what she told the other demons. 

"Good but we better hunt as well as we don't want any other demons to get infected. Come Terra lets hunt." Cara said to Terra who looked thrilled to hunt once again as both demons left the office to hunt for this infected demon. 

Back in Wolverhampton 

Unaware of this development at the mansion Simon was busy preparing for his day at college. He didn't know what to expect with a powerful demon by his side, Simon's main concern was that Madison didn't kill anyone.

That could wait for the next day and what a day it was for Simon the first day being the new demon lord also with how many new demons he managed to get on his side. As Simon and Madison went to sleep in Simons bed both exhausted after the day they had but none more so then Simon who had his first day in the demon world. 

At the Mansion 

None of the demons so far had found the infected demon but while the other demons searched Skye, Cara and Terra went to see Nefra to learn more about this gene. On their way down to see Nefra, Cara thought about how Skye had become a part of Cara and Terra's search party. 

They found Skye while she was fighting the infected demon moments after Terra left her to get Cara. They both managed to track the demon down largely thanks to Terra's heightened senses and tracking ability.

When both Terra and Cara reached Skye she managed to get away from the creature which by this point after only an hour after being exposure to the gene now resembled a bigger version of the creature out of the doctor who episode Hide then a demon but still had the reddish glow. This told them that it was once a wrath demon but without the ability of flight which was a relief for Skye. 

After Skye told Cara and Terra what had happened Cara decided to go and see Nefra to learn more about the gene that had transformed the wrath demon into something new. She told Terra and Skye of this sudden change in the direction they were going to try and stop the infected demon. When Terra asked Cara "Why are we heading down to see that fucker Nefra?" 

"So we can learn more about this gene that has turned Tristans which is now Simons best fighter besides you Terra. In seeing Nefra we will gain the information and if anyone can be done to reverse the damage done or if it will burn itself out over time." Was all that Cara said to Terra no matter how Terra felt about this she couldn't argue with Cara's logic. 

After Cara finished thinking how Skye had joined them they reached the entrance of the arenas and Nefra's lab. As the three demons approached the door the runes glowed red just like before and opened. Unlike before there was no noise coming from any of the tunnels only the one where Nefra's lab was all three demons recognised that it was Nefra's voice. As the trio approached Nefra's lab he turned to face them clear signs of disgust upon his face that he managed to lose one of his specimens. 

"I know why you have come" Nefra said breaking the tension.

"Do you? Then tell us why we have come." Cara said trying to keep the anger from her voice. 

"To learn about the strand that has affected the demon." Nefra replied. 

"Indeed then tell use and we are not up for your lies Nefra, you will survive if you tell us everything. If you don't tell us everything you know then we will kill you." 

"You won't kill me your pride is too high not to disobey Lord Warner." 

"That is true but Terra's anger is high and if me and Skye turned a blind eye for a minute then that's enough time for her to kill you. Isn't that right Terra?" 

"Fuck yeah" Terra replied to Cara's question. Her voice dripping with anger as she couldn't wait to tear this worthless creature a part especially since he let a mutant spawn infect a demon who was now on a rampage through the mansion. 

"Ok well what do you want to know?" Nefra said not wanting to get ripped to pieces by Terra. 

"How do we track the creature down?" Cara said to Nefra. 

"You don't as it has nothing to hone in on as it gives off no life force. It will find you." 

"How do we stop it?" 

"You have to burn it using the eternal flame that demons give off." 

"Who does it go after?" 

"The demon lord or lady." 

"Lord Warner is nowhere near here as he had business elsewhere in the UK." 

"Then the infected demon would have left the mansion unless it has chosen to seek out something close to Lord Warner." 

"Then we must go." 

With that Cara, Terra and Skye left Nefra's lab to get to the infected demon before it went after the mansion where the humans were as the only two woman there are both special to Simon. Cara knew the relation to both humans regarding Simon and she thought that the infected demon would go after them. Cara filled both Terra and Skye in on this so both of Cara's companions were up to speed on the situation. Skye then said her thoughts about this just as they were walking out of the area just as the door closed behind them. 

"Cara hope you don't mind me speaking out of tune but what if the infected demon doesn't know about the humans and there relation to Lord Warner as only those close to the Lord Warner knew about this you, Terra, Lady Ivy and me. What if he is seeking us out as we are the only thing that all the demons know about is that you and Terra are his closest demons." Skye said to Cara. 

"Makes more sense Skye than in that case we go and get the Eternals." Cara said to Skye. 

"What are the Eternals?" Skye asked Cara. 

"The Eternals are demons that burn anything with the eternal flame that we demons make. They are demons that are unheard of in the human world as most of our powers have been recorded in holy scriptures such as the Bible Lust, Wrath, Gluttony, Pride, Envy and so on have all been witnessed by those who wrote the Bible and other holy scriptures. The Eternals however are demons born from Evolution and science as are we it's just unfortunate that some of our types got seen to end up in religious scriptures."

"So what demons are the Eternals?" Terra and Skye asked Cara in unison. 

"They are a type of flame demon that can make the transition between human form, demon form and flame form. Although there main sphere of purpose was at one point was wrath but they abandoned that as they are demons that get there source of power from inflicting torture onto others. If we can get to them before the infected demon gets to us then we can stop it before it infects other demons then we will seriously be in trouble." 

"Shall we split up then to get to them." Skye asked. 

"No if the infected demon is tracking us then he would more than likely attack us if we split up as we are easier to take down. Whereas if we stick together then we make it harder for it to get us." Cara told Terra and Skye. 

"We better get going with everything as it can track us the longer we stay here." Cara said. 

With that they all headed down to the vaults where the Eternals chose to reside within the eternal flame that continually burned with the first room of the vaults but little did they know that lurking in the shadows was the infected demon. As the trio walked unaware of what was following them they reached the vaults door which was at the end of a long corridor where no modern day lights were as the corridor was filled with lit torches as all the torches burned away Terra heard a noise coming from behind. 

Unfortunately Terra with her heightened senses only heard the noise which she could accurately place as being the sounds of feet shuffling on the concrete floors. Cara was in the middle of unlocking the vaults door to access the flame where the Eternals were. "Hurry up Cara as the demon has found us!" Terra shouted at Cara as for Terra this was exciting but mainly terrifying as she had never encountered anything like this before. Both Skye and Cara turned around in time to see the creature step out of the shadows and into the light of the torches. 

Cara turned back to finish unlocking the vault door which resembled a steel bulkhead door which opened inwards on hinges unlike a bulkhead door which opens upwards. The creature pounced on the trio as it could see they had nowhere to go as they were trapped and they couldn't fly upwards to avoid his reach as the low ceiling wouldn't allow then to fly. 

While the creature was in the air it was lucky for Cara, Skye and Terra that the last of the wrath sphere was used up as the creature was slower than a demon while in the air. Cara managed to get the door open to the vaults and all three of them ran through the door closing it behind them just as the creature went head first into the Vault door just as it closed. Although the hit itself was that intense that it physically moved the door before it bounced back. 

The trio signed with relief before they heard a voice that seemed to come out of nowhere. As all three of them turned around to see the Eternal flame was kept and they heard the same voice speak again "What brings you into the vault entrance Cara?" 

"We came to get your help as we have a situation that we could do with your help." Cara said in response to the question asked by the voice. Upon hearing this sincere request a figure started to emerge from the fire to Skye and Terra it looked as though the figure was human whereas Cara knew that the figure was a demon form partway between pure fire, a lizard that flies and human. 

The figure emerged from the fire in full demon form which consisted of a human body with a lizards tail and two sets of wings similar to the sort you would find on a dragon fly but proportionate to the demons body. They were flames coming from within the demon through the slight gaps in the armour plating, the entire body of the wings besides the exoskeleton of the wings that connected the part of the wings where on birds the feathers would be and the part that connects the wings to the body. Which was made entirely out of demon bone. 

"It must be a dire situation for you to come down here and ask us for help." The demon said his voice smooth, British and that middle ground between the voice not breaking and being as deep as someone who has smoked 60 a day. 

"It is quite bad as one of Nefra's genetically altered experiments got loose, every possible way we can defeat it doesn't work it only makes it stronger as it adapts to survive. It has one weakness the Eternal flame that you and the other Eternals wield and we do not know how many that creature has infected." Cara said filling the Eternal demon in on the situation. 

"That is a bad situation what is Azrial doing about it?" 

"Lord Azrial is dead and the new demon Lord is away on important business left me in charge." 

"How does this creature spread the infection and what is it?" The Eternal demon asked as Cara had intrigued him.

"By touch but the weakness to the Eternal flame would mean that a touch would make it impossible to infect you and it was a demon but now nothing belonging to a demon remains just the creature." 

"So we would get the creature to torture and kill, then go through the mansion killing any that looked like the creature that we see once the vault door is opened?" 

"Yes. When the new Lord returns I will tell him about what you do to help us and you can strike up a deal so you are not cooped up down here, including all the other Eternals." 

"Deal Cara. Come on everyone we have vermin to destroy." With that 9 more figures emerged from the flame all different colours as they are all individual demons with each step the vault door opened automatically. As the Eternals past Terra she noticed that several of the demons were female not male like the one that spoke to Cara. They all walked out of the room only to be confronted with the creature that was coming out of the shadows so they all can see. 

"Is that the creature that you mentioned Cara?" The Eternal asked. 

"Yes that's it." Cara replied. 

"Ok let there be fire." The Eternal told the others who turned towards the creature. They raised 1 hand that was glowing red after 2 seconds a steady stream of fire shot out of the hands aimed directly at the creature that couldn't move as it was hypnotised by the fire as it hit the creature. Suddenly the creature gave a scream which only got louder as it began to turn red itself before exploding from the increasing pressure of fire. 

"That was tough you were right Cara it was really powerful." 

"Ok everyone we have to destroy creatures like that throughout the mansion." The Eternal that spoke with Cara said to the other Eternals. 

With that all 10 of the Eternals moved out to sweep through the mansion destroying any other infected demons so that it didn't become a bad situation for them, other non-infected demons and Simon. Cara, Terra and Skye following behind the Eternals as they moved silently through the mansion looking for more creatures to eliminate. After half an hour they returned to Cara to report on if anymore creatures were found and it was just the one that they got rid of by the Vault. 

With Simon and Madison 

Simon was waking up in his bed at 6am when his alarm was going off, he couldn't quite get used to waking up next to someone as he always thought he would always be alone the only person in the world who would be alone from the day he was born to the day he would die. As Simon began to sit up in bed Madison stirred as she slowly awoke from her slumber just as Simon was turning the alarm and getting dressed in clean clothes from his wardrobe. 

"Come back to bed." Madison said to Simon with a hint of lust in her voice. 

"Wish I could Madison but I cannot as I have to go to college." Simon replied. 

"Oh joy a day in a place filled with humans I cannot wait." 

"Sarcasm?" 

"Of course sarcasm Simon tell me at least you can understand sarcasm?" 

"Nope Madison." 

"What being does not understand sarcasm." 

"This being Madison part of my condition." 

"Being a demon isn't a condition." 

"Wasn't talking about being a demon one of my conditions, which is due to both genetic parts from Ella and my wanker of a dad." 

"What condition can cause a lack that monumental." 

"You tell me Madison let's see if you know."

With that Simon finished getting dressed and exited the room leaving Madison naked just getting up out of his bed. Moments later after getting changed into the clothes that she wore the previous night she left the room to head down to join Simon in whatever part of the house he was in. As Madison descended down the stairs she heard the kettle boiling as she turned to walk towards the kitchen she noticed that Simon was making two cups of tea but he seemed distracted. 

"Simon just an update from the mansion we had a situation last night one of Nefra's mutant spawn got loose and infected one of the most wrath demons we had besides Terra. The infected demon then tried to kill us to such an extent that to kill it we had to make a deal with the Eternals." Cara then filled Simon in on what the eternals are. 

Then Simon snapped back from his telepathic message in time to hear Madison ask him a question. "Simon are you ok?" 

"Yes Madison I am ok and be ready for today as I think we might have company at any point as it turns out Tristan had those loyal to him try and kill me and all the demons in the mansion." Simon replied. 

"Ok my love I will be on lookout throughout the day." 

"Have you ever supressed your ability so no other demon can detect you?" 

"No why do you ask?" 

"It would be best to do that Madison as it will make it harder for demons to track us but easier for us to track them before they get there plan off." 

"Ok I will try for you Simon but I cannot promise anything." 

While they were having this conversation Madison walked over to Simon who finished making the drinks and took one of the cups where she began to take it into the front room while Simon did what he had done many times before with the only exception being that he had Madison by the side of him for the rest of their lives. Madison tried to supress her demon side so that they would be able to try and stay off the radar of any of Tristans demons.

When Simon walked back in he could sense that she was trying to mask her demon side and she was almost there except Simon noticed that she was trying too hard and would do herself more harm than good. "Madison you are trying too hard to conceal your demon side, how far can you supress it before you have to try?" 

Madison let go trying to force her demon part down to not give off any signs of demonic powers. Instantly Simon found that the tiny bit that Madison was trying to supress naturally went down low enough that she could be mistaken by an demon as being completely human. "There you go Madison you can do it as you are now I cannot sense that you are a demon." Simon said to Madison who just smiled at Simon hearing that she could do as he wanted. 

"What about you my love demons will be able to track you." Madison said to Simon.

"No they won't Madison my human half can mask anything." 

"That is impossible Simon a human half cannot mask a demon half." 

"That Madison is wrong when both halves develop at the same rate as each other. The human half learns to mask any changes to do with the demon half." 

Both Madison and Simon finished their drinks then while Simon made sure he had everything in his bag while Madison went up to go to the toilet then brushed her teeth. As Madison left the bathroom Simon was just heading up the stairs to do the same and because the staircase was smaller so Madison stood on the landing letting Simon come up the stairs. 

When Simon reached the landing and gave Madison a kiss before disappearing into the bathroom. He wasn't in there 10 minutes and he had finished as he opened the bathroom door. Only to find Madison waiting there for him to come out of the bathroom as soon as he stepped out Madison kissed him on the lips so deeply that it was making him aroused as Simon looked at his watch he saw that they had 30 minutes. 
