  In this chapter you will see Jess make her appearance in this story. Jess is the main character in my short stories titled Ring of Wishes and Ring of Wishes Ch.02: Jess's End. My reasoning in doing this is that I wanted to do something that probably hasn't been done on Literotica before as I am linking two stories together. This chapter is going to be shorter than all the other Demonic Partnership chapters and I will be leaving it on a cliff hanger as I will jump ahead in the story to a year in the future.

*****

While Slamaria was recovering Simon went downstairs to get a drink as he pulled a glass out of the cupboard Slamaria was right there by the side of him with a contented smile on her face. At that moment Cara sent Simon a telepathic message. "Simon we have a problem." the thought sounded urgent. 

"What is the problem Cara?"

"A few other pride demons along with myself were going through all of Tristans files that he has and we found something that would interest you."

Simon felt some sense of dread hit him especially when Cara said the one thing he was dreading. 

"It is better if you see when you come back after your meeting with Slamaria as it would be quite hard for me to explain without you seeing the sensitive information that we uncovered. All I will tell you at this point Simon is that Tristan set up numerous plans to kill anyone who takes over from him."

At that point the telepathic messages stopped which signalled the end of the conversation. Simon was suddenly feeling worried when Slamaria picked up on what had just happened as she spoke to Simon. "What wrong?" At this point Simon didn't know if he could trust Slamaria his gut was telling him to trust her whereas his brain was telling him that this was a bad idea. He decided to go with his gut as he could easily stop Slamaria with his tentacles. 

"Just got a mental message from Cara that she came across certain files that were set up by Tristan to kill whoever takes over his estate probably to send the world into chaos with humanity discovering demons in a blood bath." Simon told Slamaria point blank.

"Let me guess one of those files involved Nefra?" Slamaria said to Simon which shocked him as to how she would know.

"Yeah Slamaria that one was snuffed out the other night as there was an incident with the mutant spawn so bad that Cara had to enlist the help of demons called Eternals." 

"Must have been a bad situation if those demons had to get involved as they are normally kept as a last resort in any situation." 

Simon got a drink and so did Slamaria as they returned to the bedroom to get some sleep after that extensive sex session they were both feeling quite drained even though they were both demon lords with Slamaria being a demon lady. Even though by this point the time was only 10pm but they needed to get there strength back especially if one of Tristans files would try to kill them. Once both Simon and Slamaria finished their drinks they both went to sleep after Simon set his alarm so they could meet Samantha at the Hog's Head pub before Dan got there with the plans. 

6am 

Simon's alarm went off as Simon awoke he found that Slamaria was already up when he thought that she had left. Simons senses were coming back to him he could hear singing and music coming from the kitchen Simon walked downstairs not bothering to get dressed as he was curious to see what was making the sounds. Only to find Slamaria in the kitchen singing along to Take That's song Love Love. To Simon it looked as though she was cooking 4 bacon stripes to then serve in 2 bacon sandwiches each so that both Slamaria and Simon could have something to eat. 

"Slamaria what brought this on? Not that I am complaining having a beautiful, naked woman make me breakfast is a dream come true." 

"Well I thought that it was a good way to start off our partnership also as a thank you for the amount of orgasms you gave me last night." Slamaria replied to Simons question. 

"You mean our business partnership?" This particular question made Slamaria freeze while she thought of a way to respond that wouldn't give Simon her true intentions but she found after 2 minutes of hesitation she couldn't think of a response. So Slamaria chose to change the subject to something else. 

"What are you going to do to Nefra when we get to the mansion?" Slamaria asked. 

"I could give him a second chance although he would just try and kill me again it was lucky that no one was hurt besides the demon that got infected so he will perish painfully by my hand for nearly killing Cara, Terra and Skye not mentioning the two people I have living in the house for people who are not demons." Simon replied to Slamaria's question letting it slide that she changed the subject. 

Slamaria handed him his plate with two bacon sandwiches on as he and Slamaria went into the front room to eat them. "So what was your plan meaning you got Cara to call me directly?" Slamaria asked Simon signalling that she wanted to talk about it over breakfast. 

"I was going to propose a joint venture seeing that Batherox's mansion is unoccupied I was going to suggest to you working together and turning it into student accommodation for university students and split the profit down the middle you get half and I get half." Simon said before taking a bite out of one of the sandwiches. 

"That seems like a ok plan why students but I can think of something else far better to do with Batherox's mansion." Slamaria said to Simon while she too tucked in on her bacon sandwiches with that Slamaria had intrigued Simon as she was clearly baiting him into something and Simon decided to go with it. 

"What is your idea Slamaria?" Simon took her bait as he finished one of the two sandwiches. 

"We move in together merge out armies and humans in Batherox's mansion and sell the rooms in the other two mansions where we keep 100% from both the mansions we let out." Slamaria said finishing one of her sandwiches too.

"Is that your way of saying you want to live together?" Simon asked just so he could be clear on that proposal. 

"Yes it is Simon, do you feel alright about that?" Slamaria said the first part in her normal voice and went into her innocent voice when she asked the question.

At this point they both had finished there sandwiches as they were both heading into the kitchen to wash the plates up so they didn't attract any ants. "Slamaria I would be ok with that it's just we hardly know each other. Isn't there a sort of demon law about two people doing this and what it could lead too?" Simon asked Slamaria. At this point both Simon and Slamaria went upstairs to get dressed for the day ahead. Slamaria wore the same clothes that she wore the previous day although she did borrow some clean pants off Simon. Simon wore the same clothes as he did the previous day the only things that he did change was the T-shirt and pants. 

"Nope there is no law anyway in a time period like 2014 where anything is possible. You're living proof of that Simon a half human, half demon that can control his own power, his mother's powers, Azrial's power not to mention the power of a shadow walker, Khem Val's power as well as Batherox's power. You probably could handle the raw power of the sovereigns too or at least come close to their power. We can actually get married and join forces Simon nothing stopping us plus Simon we are the same sphere of power, physically attracted to each other well I am anyway and finally we have the same way of dealing with humans/demons alike." Slamaria said to Simon revealing her entire hand to him as she wanted to marry him and be with him for the rest of their eternal lives if they didn't get killed. 

"Sounds like you had some help with that in case I asked the very question." Simon said to Slamaria. 

"I don't need to ask anyone as I am one of the oldest demons alive as I was born on 3rd July 1299 as I was around to see all the sovereigns come to power only 20 years after. I was one of the ones who came up with the idea of not making marriage a law with demons." Slamaria said to Simon which shocked him as he thought that she was only a few hundred years old not 715. One other thing surprised Simon it was recently her birthday 18 days ago. 

"It was your birthday 18 days ago Did anyone wish you a happy birthday?" Simon asked instead of fixating on her age or on anything else she said to him but he surprised Slamaria by asking that.

"Why did you ask me that and not about anything I said including the year I was born?" Slamaria asked as she was completely caught off guard by Simon asking that. While she watched him load up his backpack and gym bag with spare clothes in case he needed to swiftly change into his demon form. He also placed some clothes that Madison left behind in his gym bag for Slamaria who didn't see put the clothes in his bag. 

"Well Slamaria most people fixate on that but I don't I rather know if anyone wished you a happy birthday call it sentiment or caring whatever you like." Simon replied to Slamaria's question not leaving any hesitation in his answers as he left Slamaria alone in the front room so he could go and clean his teeth. 

While Simon was upstairs cleaning his teeth Slamaria pulled her smart phone out and dialled a number which was her second in command while the phone was ringing Slamaria checked on Simon to see if he had moved from the bathroom. When a voice came on the other end of the phone "Hello lady Slamaria." Slamaria spoke on the phone with her second in command while Simon was up stairs while Simon was doing this however he opened the telepathic communication with Cara. 

"Cara can you tell me everything that is in the files regarding Slamaria?" 

There was a few minutes where there was silence before Cara got back to Simon with his request.

"The only thing that is in the file that Tristan had bearing in mind that Tristan was not a good lord at all Simon unlike you Slamaria is the same as you and according to the file she is lonely though 715 years would do that to you although according to this file she puts up a front. Oh yeah and just for your knowledge Simon she is a demon lord/lady." 

Simon said his thanks stopping the communication. 

Simon stopped brushing his teeth as he rinsed with the mouthwash that was on the side before he returned downstairs to see Slamaria was on her phone. Simon guessed that she was on the phone to someone at her place given that she was a demon lady so Simon waited patiently. After a minute or two Slamaria came off her phone just as Simon offered her a spare toothbrush in case she wanted to brush her teeth which she did do. While Slamaria was upstairs cleaning her teeth Simon thought back on what had happened the past week as he gained new knowledge about his mum, he took the place of one of the vicious, horrible demons on the earth only to shock everyone that he had under him as Simon was planning on being Similar to Slamaria with bringing the demons into the 21st century. 

Simon gathered his things together just as he got the front Slamaria was heading down the stairs as the pair met at the front door. They headed to the car which Simon opened from his key chain they both got in the car buckled up before Simon asked Slamaria "Are you masking your demon powers so we cannot be tracked?" 

"Yes I am and I am guessing that you are too as I can't sense your powers." Slamaria replied to Simon's question. 

"I don't need to supress my power as my human side masks my demon powers." Simon said as he placed the keys in the ignition. Simons response surprised Slamaria as she knew other half breeds but none of them were like Simon mainly as once there demon side comes through they burn themselves out from feasting on their own life essence. Unlike Simon maybe he was one of a kind this only made Slamaria fall deeper for Simon. 

The drive to the centre of Wolverhampton town centre went by quite quick although they spent it in silence but when Simon parked up in the car park by the Grand theatre and collected his ticket Slamaria asked. "How come you are doing this Simon?" 

"It is my duty as the new lord to make sure that all the people both human and not human have things to do that best suit them as most of them didn't have anything to do even though they aspire to be certain things." Simon explained without going into detail while they were out in the open as he retrieved the bags from the car. Simon was thinking in particularly about Skye as she wanted to be a chef and Tristan didn't let her. 

As they walked down the road towards the Hog's head pub no one was about just some people catching the bus to work, college or school. When they got nearer both Simon and Slamaria noticed that the keys were still in the door from when Samantha opened up to enter. Simon stretched his senses out only to find that Samantha was inside but so was a faint demonic signature. Simon motioned to Slamaria to keep quiet as they entered the pub. 

Slamaria made sure the door didn't make a sound when she closed the door. Simon quietly placed his bags by one of the nearby tables and his jacket along with his shoes. This was just in case he needed to change into his demon form as he didn't have spares yet. Simon quietly proceeded to move around the bar towards the back room while Slamaria stayed by the door in case whoever or whatever was there tried to make a run for it. As Simon disappeared from view as he checked the back rooms he heard a moan coming from one of the rooms as he sensed that Samantha was in the rooms so Simon began to extend his tentacles to restrain whatever was up the stairs with Samantha as Simon couldn't sense anything. 

As Simon reached the first room that was open he noticed as he looked round the door that someone was fucking Samantha who looked as though her power was diminishing as a demon as she was glowing purple but with each thrust that glow was getting weaker as it was going into the other person who was doing the fucking. At this point Simon unleashed his demon side which when Simon did this both Slamaria, Samantha and any demons within 2 miles felt the power from Simon was exuding but he was restraining himself from transforming into his demon form. 

Simon was exerting that much power that his tentacles and hidden blades came out instinctively which ripped his T-shirt to smithereens. All the tentacles went surging towards the person who was draining the power from Samantha who couldn't see what was happening but could feel Simons power keep growing as he unleashed the animal within. 

A few minutes ago with Slamaria 

Slamaria stayed by the front door until she felt Simons power grow even without using her senses. She thought that Simon must be extremely powerful to give off that much power that she felt it without even looking for a demons signature. Slamaria left the door and ran as fast as she could upstairs to where the power was coming from only to find that 30 individual tentacles were coming out of Simon restraining the assailant. Slamaria's point of view some of the tentacles were no longer visible in the air suspending the assailant but instead they were going into the skin of the shemale fixing themselves under the skin of the assailant. 

Simon was doing this on purpose to try and get the demon along with the person it inhabited which Simon recognised as Jess from Top Shop in Wolverhampton town centre. This drove Simon even further to try and get them to withdraw into the mind so Simon could go in there and empower Jess to push the demon out. Slamaria rushed over to Samantha who was just slumped on the floor feeling like she was about to die from having the power forcefully sucked from her. "Is she ok Slamaria?" Suddenly Simon was back to normal while the tentacles held the demon in place which allowed Simon to move alongside Slamaria at Samantha's side. 

"No she is extremely weak and if we try anything other than getting her power back into her body she will die in the next 20 minutes." Slamaria replied her voice filled with sadness at the loss of a good demon. 

"Only one thing to do then I will have to go inside the mind of Jess and get her to see sense in the next 15 minutes." Simon said preparing himself for the transition into her mind. 

"That is impossible Simon no demon can do that." 

"No Slamaria that's where you are wrong as I am half demon, I have to try two lives hang in the balance." Simon said his voice full of concern for Samantha but he was determined. 

With that Simon pushed two tentacles into the ears on Jess pushing the tentacles deeper to access the mind. Both Simon and Jess's eyes rolled back into their skulls showing the whiteness of the eyes as both bodies slumped to the floor the only connection was Simon's tentacles. 

In Jess's mind 

When Simon entered Jess's mind he saw that the human side of Jess was trying to get away from the demon side. The demon that was trying to subdue Jess didn't look like any demon that Simon had met before as it looked tall to Simon it looked 10 feet tall maybe 11 feet tall. The demon was thin nearly that thin that anyone could see the ribcage, the demon had one hand that looked normal though the right arm looked thin, longer then should be and the fingers were pointed into talons. Finally the demons face was fuzzy almost as if it was moving too fast for Simon's eyes to register any facial figures. 

Simon realised that this new demon needed a host to gain features and to Simon, Jess was doing well to avoid the demon's touch. Upon seeing this Simon decided to use his own mind to delay the demon like he did when he saved Caty (see Demonic Partnership Ch.06) unlike when he saved Caty he didn't need an army just a labyrinth filled with more mazes so he could talk to Jess. Simon thought of two boxes using his knowledge of Yu-Gi-Oh he thought of the mystic box one beside him and the other exactly where Jess was protecting her from the demon. Simon made both boxes disappear placing them within different places the one that was empty except for the Kuriboh monster card combined with the multiply spell card to distract the demon, while the box with Jess in was placed within Simon's mind palace. 

The demon spun round snarled at Simon and leaped towards him but before the demon could reach Simon he placed the Labyrinth wall card also from Yu-Gi-Oh in between them and vanished but not before he added puzzles to block her at every step, surprises in the form of Yu-Gi-Oh monsters from the original series up to the new ZEXAL series. At the end of the Labyrinth he placed a small crack that was from doctor who to stall the demon. 

When Simon disappeared he took himself both human side and demon side into his mind palace where Jess was. Simon appeared sitting on the chair that was in the room where Simon had placed Jess as she sat up she looked around confused until she saw Simon. "What are you doing here?" Jess asked Simon. 

"I am here to make you a deal, don't worry the demon cannot get you in here as I have set up a maze to stall so I can speak to you Jess... Wait are you the scientist Jess Simmons?" Simon asked finally becoming clear that he did see Jess before in the Express & Star newspaper as the youngest scientist to graduate university at the age of 16. 

"Yes I am her and that is good so what is your deal?" Jess asked more intrigued then anything at this point that someone remembers her for graduating. 

"My deal is that I can offer you a permanent job as a scientist, room to stay in and financial support all you have to do is take off the ring that seems to be giving the demon the power it has and the power sphere that the demon took of the demoness that it was fucking before I forced it off her." 

"That is a good deal but how can I do that as I have no control over my body as the demon tricked me in relinquishing my body to it." Jess replied beginning to lose her calmness as the reality of the situation hit her. 
