 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

A bit of a filler episode this week. There's lots of character development, but not much plot. Things will pick up a lot next week!

*****

Episode 83: In-Between

The morning after R.I.S.A.'s non-standard interfacing (as Caleldir called if, after deciding against referring it to 'masturbation'), Caleldir, Tsabdrin, and Ashyr bid R.I.S.A. and Selene goodbye. Selene, after all, had decided that she would stay inside the pocket dimension while traveling happened outside. Selene sighed when most of her party left sight, then turned to wander toward the library, where she would spend the majority of the next couple of days.

The library at R.I.S.A.'s manor house was nowhere near the swollen dimensional size of the library at the Monastery, but it was a substantial room on its own. It had two stories of empty bookshelves; enough to store tens of thousands of volumes. R.I.S.A. had a number of books in non-dimensional deep storage, although nowhere near as much as could conceivably fit here. At the moment only a few shelves were organized at all. And those were thanks to Selene, who was diligently sorting through a stack of history books. 

[Enjoying those?] R.I.S.A. asked the drow, appearing next to her in her usual form. [You may have noticed, but I put a permanent Universal Translation spell on this room, so anyone literate can read any non-spell-tome here. All those were originally in Deusterran.]

"I did notice. I had a very confusing time when I took one of the tomes outside." Selene said absently as she flipped through the pages of a particularly large book. She was currently sitting on the floor, for once careless of her dignity. When interesting books were involved, Selene would give up quite a few things. "I would still like to learn the language, though."

[Of course.] R.I.S.A. replied. [It is a very nice language. And you may not want to always have to read all this in this room only.] The A.I. sat down on the top of one of the shelves. [You know, I could organize this library myself in a few moments, but to do so would take a bit of power. But by having you organize the library for me, I actually gain power. It is funny. I thought that I drew power from sex simply because I absorbed a few succubi. That is true, but not the whole of it. It turns out I am a demi-deity and draw power from 'followers' and from my portfolio. Part of my portfolio is storage and inventory management. People organizing things near me give me divine essence. Amusing, hmm?]

"That is... that is actually quite useful," Selene agreed. She quite enjoyed doing all this even if R.I.S.A. could manage it herself. The fact that that helped power her was only an added bonus. "I hope you don't think that this makes me your follower, though. I follow no deity." Not even Lolth, apparently. Selene had no love for that goddess of chaos.

[That is why I put follower in quotes. Not that you can read the text of my speech...] As an A.I., R.I.S.A. actually did have her speech internally manifest as text. 

Selene gave R.I.S.A. a quizzical look. The A.I. spoke aloud, but thought in written word? Huh. 

"Perhaps next time you should manifest those quotation marks. Make things more clear," 

the mage told her. The thought actually seemed to amuse Selene, since she began to look at the pages in front of her with a slight grin.

[I will consider that] The A.I. smiled back. [Anyway, I do not have any worshipers, nor do I seek any. I draw power from protecting people.] She frowned, considering. [I wonder if I could grant divine spells. I never tried doing so...]

"I do wonder sometimes what you are capable of," Selene finally said distractedly.

[A lot, I would assume.] R.I.S.A. pursed her lips. She closed her eyes, and sighed, the energy going out from her across her domain. Then, her eyes snapped open. [Here. I have now made you my cleric. And I declare that the 'Church of R.I.S.A.'s' main ritual is organizing books on shelves. Now, organize some books, and see if you get any divine spells. Like minor healing magic or something. I am not sure how this sort of thing works.]

"How would I..." But then Selene set aside the book that she was reading and began to shelve some of the books she had already planned out a space for. 

R.I.S.A. watched Selene shelving the books with obvious interest, both in the results of the experiment and in the mere fact of Selene shelving books. It was part of her portfolio, after all. 

After a couple of minutes of this, Selene attempted to cast an Orison, Virtue, to give herself an extremely slight increase to her vitality. It was the only thing she could think of that she couldn't cast as a mage. Well, she could have cast create water as well, but she didn't want to do so in a library. And... the Orison took effect, just as cast.

[It worked!] R.I.S.A. said jubilantly. [I can hardly believe it, but it worked! I can give people divine magic!]

Selene smiled. It was a bit of a smug expression. She had to admit, it was a pretty cool trick. "I wonder if that would be possible outside of your domain... but perhaps that is a thing to test later. I should not like to interrupt our travels."

[Yeah, that was rather difficult to do. I think that I can empower pretty much anyone I am friends with in here, provided they do things I like, like organize things, craft stuff, or have sex, but outside my domain, I think I would need to have dedicated clerics, which I don't really want. Unless... what if I were my own cleric and could grant myself spells? I think I could be quite useful to you all if I did that. I would have to figure out a way to leave this place, though.] R.I.S.A. looked noticeably thoughtful at this.

The drow let out a short chuckle. "Self-worship at its finest," Selene said. Not that she could say anything about such vanity. "I assume that that would take a good deal of power to achieve. But I agree, a cleric would be useful now that we don't have Althaia."

R.I.S.A. pouted. [I am not worshiping myself.] she complained. [Well, I guess sort of I could be. Being my own cleric is strange.] She cocked her head to the side. [I will have to consider how to devise a way to leave my dimension without collapsing it. And have a physical form on the other side. Right now I am a projection of this place. Even if I feel real to the touch. I suppose that is because I am a real projection.]

The A.I. was silent for a bit longer, then suddenly grinned naughtily. [So... should we organize the Deusterran erotica section? There are some rather nice illustrations in some of those...]

Selene was about to pick up the book she had been reading, certain that the conversation between them was over. The book really was quite interesting. Selene had a place for erotica since she knew of their existence. It wouldn't completely throw off her system if she set this aside and began work on those... "Fine," the drow said with a slight smirk. "Let's see those, then."

The A.I. licked her lips. [Just 'fine'? Heh. I suppose that you are not quite as nymphomaniacal as your cousin. Or Althaia, for that matter, but that was a given. Let me go ahead and pull out a few...] 

"No. I have quite a normal sex drive for a drow woman," Selene informed R.I.S.A. Then she got to her feet and watched as the succubus pulled out the books from wherever it was she kept them. The mage couldn't help but notice that the other woman was much more detailed than before, complete with nipples and vulva. But she chose to ignore that fact for the present, instead focusing on the books. The spines looked respectable at first glance until one saw such titles as 'Trapped in the Goblin's Harem', 'The Ravishing Wolfpack', or 'Kidnapped by Succubi.' 

[Well, where did you want these?] R.I.S.A. asked as innocently as she could manage. Which was not very.

"I planned on putting all of those over there," Selene said as she pointed to a section of the library where there were several comfortable places to sit nearby.

[On the topic of libido, normal for a drow is still pretty high by the standards of some races. Or perhaps not so much 'higher' as 'kinkier',] R.I.S.A. observed as she floated the books, following Selene. [The Blackdawn family contributed a few of our more scandalous tomes. Like that illustrated work 'Dungeons of the Underdark.' And the Blackdawn were Eilistraee worshipers, so they were mild for drow. Nudists at home, though.] 

"Nudists, you say? Interesting. We have a house that's suspected of that. Frehelvi, the slavers." There were all sorts of rumors about that house going around, actually. Which... actually could be said about literally every other House.

[For Ellistraeans, nudism is a religious thing. Their goddess is almost never illustrated as being anything but naked, and their clergy never wear more clothing than is strictly necessary for protection. But the Blackdawns were circumspect about that sort of thing.] R.I.S.A. remembered. 

"That seems... odd. Ellistraee is about the surface, isn't she? Clothing is far more important up there than it is down here." But the mage shrugged. She didn't care about religion all that much. 

[Hence the 'as necessary for protection' thing. Usually, they stay clothed outdoors, unless the weather is really good, or during ceremonies. That is what Nirza Blackdawn told me. She had a liking for my avatar since I was always naked.]

"Hmm," Selene hummed, having already lost interest in the topic. It was time for books. "Just set those down near that couch there, so I can look through them to determine where they should go." And not to look at the pictures and get some ideas. Nope. Selene had work to do, and that would only be a (welcome) distraction.

She set the books down where indicated. [Oh yes, let us look through them. I need to refresh my databases as well.]

Selene did not at all believe that R.I.S.A. had to 'refresh her database.' The erotica was not something Selene felt was likely for the virtual succubus to forget. The drow settled down on the couch with enough room for R.I.S.A. to sit as well. Not that that was necessary for the A.I. who was only a projection and did not have a body to get tired. 

"Which one do you think is the best?" she asked as her crimson eyes ran down the titles of the books.

The A.I. sat down next to the drow a bit closer than necessary. [Hmm... which book would be best... what sort of mood are you in? Vanilla romance? Kinky romance? Orgies? Women dominating men? Men dominating women? Succubi?] 

The way R.I.S.A. said 'succubi,' it was apparent that she had a fondness for that topic. Not that that was at all surprising.

"Succubi," Selene decided. It was a good topic for danger and domination that appealed to Selene, without a likelihood of men dominating women. She hadn't been into that before and had recently been on the wrong end of that sort of situation. The mage didn't realize it, but her usual robes began to show a bit more cleavage, and the hem gradually grew shorter.

[Heh. Good choice. This one was my favorite,] R.I.S.A. pulled out the rather large, very thick book 'Kidnapped by Succubi.' It seemed to be a mixture of text and moving illustrations, with a very realistic art-style. [Rubella Silverwisp the Cambion created this work. She is an interesting woman. Fedwyn Birchborn's other apprentice, and the succubus who turned me into a pseudo-succubus.] 

Turning the attention from the past to the book: the story appeared to be following a boyfriend and girlfriend who were both mages in training at some wizarding school. The tale started out rather slow, making it apparent that the two protagonists were both blushing virgins. The story took a predictable turn when they started a summoning ritual that went bad, with the result that instead of the angel they had attempted to contact, a succubus appeared instead. And promptly used hold-person magic on the young woman, then raped the young man. In graphic detail, the succubus delighting in ravishing the female's love in front of her, mocking her for not being the one to take his virginity. The scene was illustrated in detailed, moving pictures, showing the succubus pinning the young man to the ground, stripping him, engulfing his cock, and riding him furiously. That was just the first chapter. Of fifty. 

As she watched the strange moving pictures and read some of the passages, Selene's hand quite unconsciously fell upon R.I.S.A's thigh. That erotica was, indeed, ...well, erotic.

[It probably says something terrible about me that it was after re-reading this book that I tried to summon Rubella to see if she was a succubus.] R.I.S.A. observed. [She was by that point.]

Selene actually laughed at R.I.S.A's words. It was a rare, genuinely amused sound, but it wasn't at all innocent. "I do like that first trick that succubus pulled. It was exactly what I did to Ashyr, after all. Minus the part about her being a virgin as well, of course. Caleldir likes that sort of thing, despite himself. And, since I'm pretty sure he accidentally gave you at least some of his kinks, it makes sense that that would appeal. So blame Caleldir."

[I suppose that I could blame Caleldir. But I could also blame Birchborn. And even more Rubella Silverwisp. The monks had taught Caleldir how to repress his natural libido, which Birchborn did not approve of. She was quite lascivious, for a virgin of some three centuries. She probably snuck some of my current tendencies in as well. Though Caleldir and Rubella are collectively more responsible for my weirder kinks.] R.I.S.A. had, of course, noticed Selene's hand on her thigh. She put her arm around the drow. [I do love that scene...]

"Ugh, no sex for that long?" Selene said with a little wrinkle of her nose. "I'm no nymphomaniac, but I don't think I could go even months without coupling with someone."

[That would explain why the Archmage was so horny and frustrated all the time, then,] R.I.S.A. replied. [Although that did not hold true for most, or at least some, of the monks and nuns.] She spoke idly as she followed the story. 

In the next chapter, the succubus took the two young mages home with her to share with a nest of her sisters. Ridiculously copious amounts of sex ensued, very little of it seemed at all consensual. It seemed that the succubi - while preferring to stay mostly female - could sprout cocks at will and used them to great effect on the young woman while taunting the young man that they could give it to her better than he ever could. As before, it was both written out and illustrated in quite some detail. 

[Rubella did have her issues.] R.I.S.A. noted.

Looking at the next scenes, Selene couldn't help but remember how R.I.S.A's fingers had turned phallic that first and only time she had coupled with the A.I. 'Digital Digit Dick' was her preferred term for that. Because it was amusing and oddly sexy at the same time. Naturally, those thoughts progressed and coincided with what was happening on the pages in front of her.

"Can you do that, R.I.S.A?" Selene asked out of curiosity when she pointed at a picture of the girl enjoying a succubus dick despite herself.

R.I.S.A. grinned. A ball-less purple cock sprouted from her nethers almost immediately. 

[What was your question again?] she asked innocently.

Selene blinked at the suddenly sprouted phallus. Well. That answered that question. The drow reached out to touch R.I.S.A's cock. Gods, that was weird to think. Then her hand enclosed around it to feel and fondle it. To make sure it was like the real thing, of course, and not for sexual reasons. Selene could almost even believe that lie.

R.I.S.A. let out a sigh of pleasure. Her semi-erect member sprang to fully erect rather quickly under Selene's touch. The thing certainly felt real enough. A bit buzzingly electric, but that was pretty standard for R.I.S.A. Otherwise, it was warm and fleshy, though much more rigid than the rest of R.I.S.A.'s body.

"How functional can you make this?" Selene asked with a mixture of curiosity and arousal. Her hand moved up and down the shaft, while her thumb occasionally circled around the head to check for pre-cum. Her swollen cock head was indeed oozing a strange sort of tingly pre-cum 

"Would you be able to reproduce? You seemed to think that you could do so the other way around..." Not that that detail mattered to Selene. She couldn't get more pregnant than she already was, and had no interest in carrying a... well, whatever sort of child that would make. The mage was simply academically interested.

[I would have to design a male biological body instead of a female one.] R.I.S.A. said breathily.. [In this form I can only create illusions, not realities. I have no intention of creating a biologically male body for myself and making it reproductively functional, although in theory, I could.] R.I.S.A. then grinned naughtily. [As for seeing if I can emit a more inert form of seed, perhaps we should both find out. For science.]

"Perhaps if you were to store a male's seed to later..." But the only candidate for that was Caleldir, and Selene already didn't like the amount of offspring he potentially had with women who were not from Duskhaven. The mage did not continue that line of thought.

But there was a line of thought that she did feel was worth continuing: whether that fake cock of hers could emit something like semen. It would probably feel really good if it was anything like the precum she could feel on her thumb. "Alright." Said Selene. And without further speech, she lifted herself to straddle R.I.S.A. The mage only recently realized how wet she had become. It was a good thing; her body slid down over the throbbing erection as smoothly as spidersilk. A long sigh of pleasure escaped Selene's lips.

Angling her hips to give the smaller woman a better angle of descent onto her vibrating cock, R.I.S.A.'s breath matched Selene's for pleasure. Likely because it was the same pleasure, in a way. [Do you want to be doing the bulk of the 'experimentation'?] R.IS.A. asked. [Or should I try to do so?] 

The drow moved her hips up and down a couple of times on the wonderfully vibrating cock deep inside her core. Who did she want to do most of the work? That was a good question. Ones legs did get quite tired when doing most of the fucking on top of a male. 

"Move us down to the floor. We'll both sit up, and you can do most of the work." It was a good angle, that strange sort a 'V' shape they would make. Neither of them would technically be 'on top,' either. But the best part was that Selene got to be a bit lazy.

[Heh. A good option,] R.I.S.A. said in a rather lewd tone. Pulling Selene to her, mashing their breasts together even as her dick remained inside the drow, the A.I. floated into the air, before settling down on the floor as instructed. R.I.S.A. let Selene go after that. She then began slowly thrusting into her, twisting her own hips as she did so to vary the angle of penetration.

Selene leaned back on her hands. It was a simple matter of shifting backward and forwards while R.I.S.A. did her own thrusting work. The both of them quickly found the best angle that way - better than any normal coupling pair could, due to R.I.S.A's feedback of Selene's pleasure. The drow could feel herself approaching climax far too quickly at that rate. She held herself back as much as she could to enjoy it just a little bit longer. And, perhaps, add a bit of power to R.I.S.A. (if that was how it worked - Selene wasn't exactly sure)
