 Lora wiped the sweat off of her sister brow with the hem of her dress. The sick girl had been sweating for the last 3 days and confined to her bed, with only her sister to care for her. 

"It's called Demonstain, Lora. It comes from when a man who is dirty with demon filth enters a woman and leaves his seed there." said another woman who walked into the small dormitory. 

"I know what it is called Madame Vora, and be quiet or the Lord will hear you." Snapped Lora angrily as she placed a fresh towel on her sisters forehead. 

"You know once he finds out you two are not the virginal twins your parents claimed you to be, then he will throw you in with the other girls. Nothing special would protect you little snots then" Said the Madame with a smile. 

Lora narrowed her eyes, anytime Madame Vora talked to her, there was always a catch. Or at least a beating. Or she just wanted something. 

"What do you want?" Lora said finally as the silence seemed to go on for too long. 

"An extra horn of gold each day for my share is all. You sure wouldn't want the Lord to find out one of his prize cock suckers is sick with a disease from having relations would you now? He would separate you for sure, probably end up killing the sick one there anyway if she manages to hold on more than a few days." 

"Done." Said Lora in a monotone and she went to her purse and pulled out 2 silver coins and held them out to the Madame. "Because I am the only one working, this will have to do until she gets better." 

Madame Vora smiled big and reached out and snatched the two silver pieces greedily. She stuck them in her mouth and tasted them, making sure they were silver and not cheaper platinum or aluminum. 

"You poor naive child." The woman said after a while. "You do know that the Demonstain is incurable, right? And of course as Madame of this establishment, I was obliged to tell the Lord ten minutes ago what I have found out about you two." 

"You lying whore!" Yelled Lora as she leaped up from the bed, her hands balled into fists. 

Madame Vora just laughed and put out a hand and shoved the girl back down onto her sisters bed. 

"What are you going to do Lora? Attack me? Maim me? Call me more names? You are completely powerless. You are nothing! I am the one who decides what happens here. I worked my way up to this position!" Yelled Madame Vora as she moved closer to Lora. "I even murdered a few people to get where I am. And what are you to criticize me? Just a worthless orphan who was only special because she had a twin sister, and now that is going to be gone in a matter of days." 

"VORA!" Came a bellow from down below. "Where are those lying bitches!" 

"Up here my lord!" called Madame Vora. 

Lora heard clunky footsteps on the stairs up to the dormitory and a man swearing under his breath. The Lord was not really a Lord, but had the temper of one. He ran The Glowing Eye, although not well. Madame Vora managed to keep quite a bit of coin from him, even more than he suspected. 

When he crested the stairs, Lora saw that he was drunk, which was a good and a bad thing. He was more malicious and vicious when he was drunk, but his tirades were usually shorter as he would get drowsy and pass out. But tonight there was a fire in his eyes that made it seem to Lora that this would be the worst night of her 18 year old life. 

"YOU!" He pointed at Lora. "You are what was going to help me retire! Live out the good life without having to deal with whores, or drunks. Now I find out not only is your sweet sister not a virgin, you were hiding it from me!" 

"No milord." Said Lora, her eyes at the ground in front of her. 

"What did she say?" The Lord slurred at madame Vora. 

"She said no, milord." Vora cringed as she said this, the man's breath stank of leaf and drink. 

"Well, tonight you are going to say yes." He grinned stupidly. "I am throwing out the both of you! Out into the cold and out where thieves and murderers would make short work of you both unless the wolves got to you first." 

Lora's eyes grew wide and her heart beat rapidly. There was no way her sister could have gotten out of that bed, it would have been a death sentence. An idea popped into her young head and as revolting as it was, it seemed to be the only way that both Ilsa and Lora were going to get out of that mess alive. 

"Wait, milord!" She said as the Lord turned to leave. "There must be something that I can do to convince you to let us stay until my sister is better." 

"Looking that way I would say she hasn't got more than a day before her soul is thrown into the Pit, but what are you suggesting you lying skank?" 

"Since we are no longer as valuable since my sister was raped-" 

"Your sister is a whore and whores do not get raped little one. They only give out their cunts for free, which is bad business for me." Growled the Lord. 

"What I meant milord, was that you could have me. You would not be losing out too much on gold and you would be able to have the night of your life." Lora swallowed nervously as she said that. 

"You are just a cock sucker and I doubt that you would have gotten too many good tips from your whore friends around here, but I am feeling in a good mood today. Vora!" The madame snapped to attention. "Hold the sick one up so that she can see what her dear sister is doing to buy them one more day together." 

Vora rushed to the sick girl and lifted her up into a sitting position where her eyes fluttered open and she came to consciousness. The Lord grinned and began to take his belt off. 

"Don't look Ilsa. Close your eyes." Whispered Lora as she got down on her knees in front of the man who now had no pants on. 

"Vora, you keep that cunts eyes open while I show her what will happen because she couldn't keep herself from opening her legs for free!" Snarled the Lord as he grabbed Lora's hair roughly. 

"She was raped you asshole, you had her selling drinks and someone raped her! It's not her fault!" said Lora. 

"It's always the whore's fault!" said the Lord angrily and he shoved his dick into her mouth, causing a gagging sound to come out instead of a protest. 

Eventually, the now experienced cock sucker got into here rhythm and she stopped gagging. The Lord released his grip on her hair, for which she was glad. Her lips caressed the sides of the shaft and her tongue worked her magic on the head as she could feel the organ pulsing and growing to it's full size, which was not that impressive. 

The Lord groaned and moaned in pleasure as the young girls head bounced in and out from his dick. She had worked up enough spit to make a slurping sound as she moved, which she knew would turn the man on even more. She could even feel her cunt beginning become wet as the feeling of the cock in her mouth awakened her urges. 

Suddenly the Lord grabbed Lora by the hair again and pulled her head back from his dick. The girl was experienced enough to open her mouth wide at this, so as not to scratch the cock with her teeth, which would have had dire consequences. The Lord reached down and ripped off her night dress, scattering poorly sewn on buttons everywhere. 

"Aw hell." Said the Lord. "I wouldn't have even been able to sell your virginity for that much when you did have a twin. You are a fucking skeleton! Men want a woman with some meat on her bones, you are probably just going to be a cock sucker for your whole miserable life. And I paid so much for you both." 

Lora was a fully fledged woman, but she had been spending most of her money to keep her sister healthy these last few weeks. She was not as curvy as she had once been, her ribs were showing a little bit and her breasts were not as perky as they had been a few weeks earlier. 

The Lord pulled her to her feet and used his right hand to grab Lora around the throat, pinning her to the nearby wall, choking her. His penis was up and enlarged as he man-handled the girl. 

"I want you to want this you little cunt, or I will gut your sister and throw her to the wolves. Then I will keep you chained in my room, all to myself, and I will have you every night until I am too old to fuck you. Then I will throw you out like the used whore you are. Nod if you understand." 

Lora nodded vigorously, licking her lips and waiting for what would come next. 

"Nod if you want to feel this man's cock inside of you, penetrating you again and again until I am finished with you. Nod if you want to pleasure me to save your sister. Nod if you have wanted this for as long as you have been here." 

Lora nodded and began to gasp as The Lord tightened his grip on her. Just before it seemed that she wouldn't be able to take it any more the man released his grip and he threw Lora to the bed closest to him, where she lay on her belly, panting from the choking and the exertion of the cock sucking she just performed.. 

Through all this Vora kept Ilsa up and looking at the scene, her smile widening with each punishment the Lord gave to the girl. Ilsa sobbed, her cheeks flushed with fever as she called her sister's name and struggled weakly to fight Vora's iron grip, but the heartless woman held her tightly. 

"Here we go." said the Lord in excitement. "I think I will take your ass's virginity tonight my little skeleton." 

Lora said nothing, grimly aware of the sacrifice that she was making for her sister. The Lord climbed onto the bed and grabbed his small sized cock and started stroking it with one hand. He wrapped his other hand around the girl's waist and pulled her rear to him. He spat on her asshole and began to massage his dick on it, causing Lora to bite back a moan of pleasure that surprised her given the circumstances. 

Before she could do anything, he rammed his dick into her ass, causing her to gasp in pain and surprise. With one hand he pulled on her hair and with the other he grabbed her shoulder, pulling her deeper onto his cock. Lora started to scream in pain, but the Lord jerked on her hair and snapped her head backward, causing her pain in her already bruised neck. 

"If you scream, I will not be happy, and if I am not happy then I will make sure that you are not happy, without a sister and forced to pleasure my cock for your whole life." Hissed the Lord as he took one finger and stroked it along her jaw line. "We have a jangler that came in for some drink tonight and I don't fancy being thrown in jail over the likes of you." 

Lora gritted her teeth and nodded that she understood. Each thrust was painful for her, as the Lord removed his cock each time and thrust it back in as hard as he could. Even through the pain, Lora realized that it did feel good and after a couple dozen thrusts let out a small and girlish moan. 

"Oh you like this you bitch? I bet you do. You and your easy whore of a sister." The Lord said as he began to pound harder than ever into Lora's virgin ass. 

Lora let out another moan, and then another, slowly building to the point where it felt as if molten lava were going to explode from her. Each thrust of the man inside of her brought her that much closer to bursting and she loved it. She bit her lip and closed her eyes in pleasure. Some part of her was disgusted, but the vast majority of her thought was on how great each second was to the next. Then with a release of pressure and pleasure, she came, moaning so loudly that she hurt her throat. Her body shook with the explosive force of an incredible orgasm. A few seconds later, the Lord came, spreading his semen all over Lora's back. 

The Lord picked up the girl and threw her against the headboard with both arms, where her head made a little pop where it connected with the wall and she let out a gasp of pain and began sobbing quietly, as much in sorrow as the release of the greatest feeling she had ever had. Vora let Ilsa drop back to the bed, none to gently. Both girls sobbed quietly as the Lord pulled his pants back up. 

"VORA!" he roared. 

"Here milord!" Vora raced to his side. 

"See that the sick one is kept out of sight until she passes. The healthy one stays with the cock suckers and if anyone wants to take her virginity it is a silver antler extra and no less." 

"Yes sir." Grinned Vora as she stared at Lora, still dazed and laying on the bed. 

"You," The Lord pointed at Lora "Are going to be my best cocksucker or you are going to find yourself without a place to live, or anywhere else to go." 

Lora nodded, drying her tears and realizing it would all be worth it just to be with her sister for even one more day. 

The Lord pulled up his pants and buckled his belt. Then both adults left, laughing at some joke between them. Lora felt hot rage boiling up inside of her, the desire to get revenge upon the Lord so strong that her fists gripped the sheets. After she had gathered her strength, Lora gathered her ruined dress around her and sat on the other bed next to Ilsa. 

"Calm yourself, Ilsa." Said Lora sweetly. "They can't hurt us anymore." 

"Not me, you." Said her sick sister with a worried look in her eyes. "They will hurt you forever because of me." 

"I'm tough, I can take it." 

"But you shouldn't have to." Whispered Ilsa weakly. "I was the one who was raped, not you. 

At this her sister coughed, spewing up dark red blood on her face. Lora, quietly wiped it away with the bed sheet, knowing they would be burned anyway to prevent any secondary infection of the disease from taking place. 

"You have to go." Whispered Ilsa. "You have to go before they would think you would." 

"I can't leave you, you are my sister and the only family I have left. Our parents sold us to keep their farm, remember, where would I go? I can't go anywhere without you!" 

"The jangler, you can go to her for help." Said Ilsa. 

"You mean join the Valkyries? Fight against all sort of demons and nasty creatures and possibly die a horrible and gruesome death? I think not." Snorted Lora, the action causing her ass to flare in pain and she winced, dimly thinking which fate would be worse. 

"They still need cooks, and maids and stable girls. You could have a good life there. Nobody would rape you, or sell you. You could be normal." Croaked Ilsa. 

"Yeah, that still leaves the whole thing about leaving you behind. I am not leaving you, period." 

"I don't have too much longer here, Lora. Don't throw your life away for a few more days with me." Whispered her sister, a gurgling rising in her throat as she spoke. 

"It can't be that short of a time." Whispered Lora, her brow furrowing as tears ran down her cheeks. "You are going to get better." 

"We both know that I am never going to get off of this bed again, Lora." She wheezed and coughed, spattering blood all over her night dress and sheets. 

Lora calmly waited for the coughing to stop and mopped the sweat and blood with a clean part of the bed sheet. As this happened, there came a sound of metal clanking and jingling from downstairs. Lora bit her lip, the jangler was leaving, or at least going to get more food and drink. 

"You have to go, do it for me Lora." Said Ilsa sadly, her hand reaching to her sisters cheek and leaving bloody tracks there. 

Lora turned her head to the door and heard raucous laughter as the jangler stepped outside, clanking with all of the bits of metal that signaled who she was. When Lora turned back, her sister was not breathing and her eyes were unfocused, but there was a faint smile on her lips, as if she were hopeful about the future. 

Lora put her hand to her mouth and stifled a scream, knowing that any noise out of the ordinary would attract the Lord or Madame Vora. She cried, silent in her grief. She could hear the jangler outside, rummaging through her pockets for something. Lora knew she had to get out of the brothel, for her sister, for her future. She tugged off her night dress and put on her normal clothes, and on second thought, grabbed Ilsa's too. 

Her traveling dress was made of cotton, light and durable. Her jacket was made of lizard skin and covered her arms and the upper part of her dress. She pulled her sisters traveling cloak and hood, made of rough wool over her for added protection from the cold and from being recognized. 

She shook loose a pillowcase from it's charge and shoved all of her worldly possessions into it and slung it over her shoulder. She walked to the head of the bed where her sister was. Lora's tears mixed with the sweat on Ilsa's brow, and she kissed the sweaty and matted hair. 

"For you Ilsa, I will try to make myself more than an orphan whore." She turned to the door to the stairs and with a shaky breath moved towards it. She did not look back at the corpse of her sister, no matter how much she longed to, tears whispering at the corners of her vision. 

Lora went down the stairs, knowing which ones were creaky was tough, but the sounds of laughter, merriment and the fake orgasms of her sister whores helped to mask the sound. At the base of the stairs was a small alcove, and then about 10 feet from there to the front door, which would be unlocked right now to allow the drunk and satisfied men to leave. 

Lora waited in the darkness of the stairs, readying her legs for the most important dash of her life. When she was ready, she sprinted down the last three steps and ran straight into the back of a drunken man, spilling his drink to the floor. 

"Hey missy, whats your rush?" He slurred at her as he grabbed for her shoulder. "I got plenty of good fucking left in me yet." 

Lora's eyes darted around the room, finally spotting the Lord in a corner, craning his neck to see what the commotion was about. With a sob, Lora darted around the drunk man and flung the door open, fleeing into the night. 

The Glowing Eye was situated on a main road near the city of Glimsborough, catching the weary miners and woodsman from the mountains on their way home from a long days work. As such, the road was clear to see down for miles. Lora saw no sign of the jangler and her clanking costume. 

"Am I too late? Did I miss her?" Whispered Lora to herself, feeling a chill run down her back. 

She strained her ears, eager for just the slightest clink of metal, but there was none, the jangler had already left. Lora let her pillowcase drop from her should. She felt despair as she had never felt before. Her despair melted into white hot fear when she heard the ominous sound of merriment from the brothel behind her. 

She turned and saw The Lord's enforcers, Big Jym and Little Dennis, emerging from the brothel, coming at her at a fast clip. Her instinct was to run, but she found she had no will to move. Her sister was dead and she would be condemned to a life of rape and beatings until she was as dead on the inside as silent Helena. 

"Hey girlie, we saw you step out for some air and thought you might be cold, want to come back inside?" Little Dennis said with a smirk as he cracked his knuckles. 

Lora found she just couldn't move, as if her feet were lead. Even the fear of the beating she was about to take could not get her to move. The world was dark and strange and she didn't want to move from her little spot of dirt in the road from Glimsborough to the mountains. 

"You hear him little girl? He gonna beat the shit outta ya if you don't come back inside, and probably even then he gonna beat the shit outta ya." Said Big Jym who was in fact not that big at all in any capacity. 

"Leave that girl alone." Said a voice from the edge of the road. 

"Who goes there?" Asked the Lord angrily. "This is a private matter between a man and his property." 

The Lord raised his lantern higher in an attempt to see who the speaker was. Lora's ears caught just the slightest music of metal on metal as a woman stepped into view. She was what looked like an average woman, her short blonde hair cut in the style of the Valkyries of Ravencrag and her armor gleamed from underneath her ragged cloak of clanking metal and tattered animals skins. 
