 Lora opened her eyes from the nightmare and breathed in, her throat sore from screaming. Her eyes were wet with tears and her body was drenched in sweat. She looked over to where Kelli slept soundly, snoring slightly.

The girl softly got up and wen to the water basin and drew herself a cup of the cool liquid.

"Having trouble sleeping?"

"I should have known you were awake." said Lora with a smile as she turned around.

Kelli was bright-eyed and beaming behind her, already buckling her belt.

"Yes you should have. You woke me up twenty minutes ago." Kelli said back. "Was it another dream?"

"Yes." Lora said, frowning as she sipped her water.

"You should tell me about it, I may be able to help. Furies don't have normal dreams, they receive messages from the God and Goddess and sometimes they need help deciphering them. I hear that Samantha has lots of dreams."

Lora sipped her water for a bit longer.

"I'm not a Fury yet." The girl said.

'Well, one way or another, dreams are powerful. Your brain assembles random things you have seen and tells you a story when you sleep. Sometimes they can even tell you things you didn't know you didn't know." Kelli said, finishing putting on her non-jangling outfit.

"I was tied to a table in the dark, naked. There were demons, lots of them, there and they kept poking me and whipping me, licking me with their tongues." Lora shuddered. " I could feel them drawing blood all over, I could see scars all over my body."

"Keep going." said Kelli quietly.

"Then a big demon came out of the shadows and all the others left. He took his clothes off and then began to rub me all over, with his cock. I screamed for him to stop but he just laughed." Lora looked at Kelli. "Is that truly what awaits us Below, really?"

"Nobody knows. Everyone who has escaped from there was either set loose to spread lies, or left their sanity below. We know it is dark and that demons feed and copulate there. We know they torture people there. We know about the horror of the Pit. Beyond that we can only imagine."

"Goddess, it was terrible to be there." Said Lora.

"I assume that is the point!" said Kelli with a laugh, but then became serious. "But what happened next? In your dream I mean."

"That demon leaned in close and he whispered in my ear."

"What did he say?" Asked Kelli.

"He said 'Now you are mine, Jolie. Always and forever.'"

Kelli was stunned into silence.

"Then I said back to him, 'I am not Jolie!'" Lora sipped her water some more. "Then I screamed and fire erupted from my body and engulfed everything around me. It consumed the world."

"Why do you say the world? I thought you were Below?"

"Because after, I walked around and saw that everything was burnt. The people, the animals. Everything was gone, incinerated by me." Tears leaked out of Lora's eyes. "There were charred skeletons everywhere."

"It was just a dream." Whispered Kelli, not moving.

"You just said that my dreams have power. What if it happens? What if the world burns because of me?" Lora said with hysteria in her voice.

"It could be many things Lora. It could mean that you are a Fury and that you need to control your power when you emerge. It could mean that you are not and that your world will burn. It could even mean that a decision you make is key in saving the world."

"None of those make me feel any better Kelli!" Moaned Lora.

"Well, we cannot dwell on any of this now. Yesterday was your last day of training if you recall. Today is your free day." said Kelli with a small smile.

"How am I supposed to be free to do what I want if I don't know whether I will live to see tomorrow, or if I am responsible for destroying all of Arden?"

"It's easy, we do fun things until you feel better."

"God you are so cheerful I could puke." Lora set her water cup down as Kelli finished dressing.

"That's me!" Said Kelli. "Now get dressed, I bet you have a lot you want to do today."

Lora smiled and began to dress. But her smile faded when she thought about the part of the dream she hadn't told her mentor. The part where the fiery orgasm spread throughout her as she screamed. The part where she was turned on by the demon and the part where she wanted burn everything. Those were feelings that she could have done without, even in a dream.

Kelli took Lora out on the town. There was plenty to amuse the women of Ravencrag. Plays were put on frequently, art galleries showcased crafts, fighting exhibitions demonstrated Valkyrie fighting prowess and weapon demonstrations that showed the latest in weapon crafting were just a few of the amusements available.

Lora had decided on seeing a duel between two sword-mistresses, mostly because it was the least crowded and she didn't feel like being around a lot of strange people. It was more of a dance than a duel, with both women attempting to get close enough to just cut cloth and not draw blood. Eventually the match was called in a draw almost forty minutes after it started as both women's clothes were in tatters but there wasn't a scratch on either of them.

Both of the women were too winded to continue, but they both bowed and smiled at the exultation of the crowd. There were even a few cat calls from the crowd and one of the warriors blew a kiss to her fans.

Lora was astounded. The degree of restraint and accuracy had stupefied her. She had never seen anyone in her life so devoted to anything as those women were devoted to not hurting each other.

"I want to be just like that, so reserved and skilled that it takes more effort to not inflict harm than it is to do it." Said Lora excitedly after the crowd had cleared.

"You shouldn't wish for such power Lora. It is a great responsibility to be able to take someone's life. You could be a Fury, and then the duty is even worse because of the power you wield." cautioned Kelli.

"Yeah, but it would be amazing to just try and get to that point. The dedication it must have taken to get to that level astounds me."

Kelli let out a short laugh.

"You do know that the true mistresses of the sword so not go around town exhibiting their skills to the masses, right?" Asked the older woman.

"What do you mean, those two were amazing! They had to have been studying forever."

"I know those two, I brought them here. Rose started eight months ago and Violet came here a year and a half ago." Kelli said.

"They are that good in that amount of time?" Said Lora, astonished.

"Yeah, they are pretty good. But just wait until you see a real master go against a demon horde. The rest of the army almost has to do nothing!" Kelli said with a laugh. "Now I am hungry and I bet you are too, lets head over to the lower market."

Kellie led the girl down a stairway to a small alley. In it was an open-air market, where food vendors hawked their wares. There were vendors who claimed to sell exotic meats like shark, camel and cow. There were others that sold sweet pastries, bread and even a few fruit sellers. One booth in particular caught Lora's eye.

"Could that be real dragon they are selling over there?" Asked Lora.

"Yeah, I think it is." Said Kelli absently.

"I want to try it!" Lora said excitedly.

"Alright, but I don't know why, they actually don't taste all that great." Said Kelli in an unenthusiastic tone.

"So the young girl wants to try one of the rarest treats in the realm?" Asked the woman behind the booth. "This is straight from the southern shores of Yoren, where dragons are so many they blot out the skies!"

"Give the girl some lizard, Delilah." said Kelli. "She doesn't need the fancy story."

"I think she does. It is not every day that an initiate for Fury training comes down. Even less when she wants to eat up a fire breather herself!" Said Delilah.

"You do know that most dragons are the size of cats, right?" Said Kelli. "The Paladins love making it seem like it is an accomplishment to kill them."

"It's not the reality of the beasts that make a good story, Mistress Kelli. Instead it is the exaggeration of the story that makes it want to be told again and again." said the vendor. "I do recall a young lady coming to me almost every day for the stories I tell."

Kelli blushed a little.

"Well I am going to take a look at a couple other booths. I had a really great pomegranate down here last month and want to see if I can find the man who sold it to me. Lora, when you have tried your lizard meat, meet me down at the other end of the alley, there are a bunch of stands down there that sell some great handcrafts."

"Ok." Lora said. "See you there."

Kelli left with a smile on her face. Most people knew not to eat dragon. It tasted the same as the carrion the flying lizards ate, which was to say not good at all. But she supposed that everyone had to try it at least once.

"You ready for the story behind this particular dragon my girl?" Asked Delilah as Kelli left.

"Yes please!" Said Lora with excitement in her voice.

"This was named Ferrefloin, a great green dragon that terrorized the land of Yoren for years before the great Paladin St. Killian Thurgood smote him upon the mountain of fire where he lived." As she spoke, the woman prepared a chunk of cooked meat, sliding it onto a stick to be eaten. "He fought the beast for seven days and seven nights until his armor was charred and his weapons rent and broken. With he last of his strength the knight choked the life out of the monster with his bare hands, strangling the beast with his righteous fury."

"Wow." said Lora, wanting to believe the story.

"The townsfolk found him bloodied and burnt, but victorious. They served up his kill for him that night, but there was so much of it that the good knight donated some to someone who could use it, namely myself."

"May you gain the strength of the dragon and his temper when you need it. And may you have the wisdom of when it is best to use both!" Smiled Delilah as she handed the stick to Lora.

"Thank you!" Said Lora, enchanted with the idea of eating a real dragon.

"Well try it girl!" Said the woman. "It's not going to bite you anymore."

Lora laughed as she took a bit. As her teeth sank into it, her body felt warm all over, as if she were coming down with a fever, her eyes blazed hot as she chewed the tough meat. It tasted awful, only like charcoal.

"Not what I expected." said Lora as she chewed. "Am I supposed to feel all feverish?"

"No..." Said Delilah, her brow furrowed. "It's just meat."

The vendors eyes widened and she screamed in terror at Lora as she backed up as far away as she could get from the young girl.

Just then Lora saw to her horror that her arms had caught fire. She screamed as the fire spread to her body, catching her hair and clothes. Fire flew from her mouth as she screamed, catching a few of the booths on fire.

Delilah screamed again as well, and suddenly there was commotion all around as women screamed and trampled each other to get away from the fire.

"Fire! Fire! Fire in the lower market!" Someone yelled.

Lora screamed, but it was in fear alone. The fire did not singe her flesh like it did her clothes. She felt the heat from it all over her body accompanied by the furious prickle of terror.

"Kelli!" She screamed. "Kelli help me!"

And suddenly her mentor was there, as if she had never left.

"By all that is holy..." Began the woman.

"Kelli I ate the dragon and this happened! Help me!" Lora screamed in fear.

"Calm yourself, take deep breaths! Think of something calming." Said Kelli, frantic to control the situation.

"I can't! I"M ON FIRE!" Screamed Lora.

At that point the anti-fire brigade came down, they trailed long hoses and they plugged them in to the nearest water tower access. Water flowed form the hoses and put out the surrounding fires of the booths.

"Should we try to spray her too?" Yelled one of the brigade.

"NO!" Shouted Kelli back. "She has to be the one to turn it off or the water itself could burn!"

Lora sank to her knees. There was no controlling fire. Fire did what it wanted and it would only be a matter of time before it decided to bite into her flesh and char her bones. She screamed for help again, but to no avail.

Just when Lora was about to give up, that she would just burn forever or just long enough to die, her thoughts went back to that little whore house where she spent so much of her recent life.

And all of a sudden, she was there. Her sister was in bed and they held each others hands tightly. She could even hear the forced orgasms through the thin walls as a woman entertained a man for the night.

"Why are you scared, sister?" Asked Ilsa, her face free of illness.

"I am on fire, Ilsa! What is scarier than that?" Said Lora.

"You are not on fire here. You are the one making the fire, Lora. You control it. Concentrate on the flame, on where you can make it go. The fire is you."

"I can try." said Lora, her voice dripping with misery.

"You were always the one destined to be someone Lora. You have a fire inside of you, a drive to survive and conquer that I never had." Said Ilsa.

"My drive was keeping you safe. You were always so sweet and innocent. I couldn't let you out in the world alone."

"I know you did your best, you can't save everyone." Said Ilsa. "Now you have to go back, they are deciding whether to kill you or risk burning all of Ravencrag."

"How do you know this? How are you alive? I buried you!" Said Lora, almost hysterical.

"It doesn't matter right now, go back and control the flame because it is a part of you. Be the woman I always knew you could be." Said the apparition.

Lora blinked and she was back in Ravencrag. She was still on fire, but she could see a patrol of Valkyries with their bows at the ready. Ready to shoot her dead. Kelli argued with them, pleaded.

"I have this power." Said Lora quietly. "It is me. I am not on fire, I am fire."

She began focusing deep within herself, she could feel the breath in her lungs. She could sense the beating of her heart. She found the well of fire deep within her, somewhere behind her body but still within it.

It was fueled by fear and rage, a nearly endless supply of it. She could feel the source of it deep within her. She slowed her breathing and focused on calming her body. She felt her mind begin to settle, terror being replaced by calm and gradually, the source of the fire calmed, fizzled and went dormant.

Slowly the flames began to lower, flicker and die. Soon she was simply a naked girl in the middle of a wet and charred street. She shivered. After the intense heat of the fire, it was cold.

Kelli rushed forward with a heavy blanket and wrapped the girl in it.

"Out of the way, get out of my way!" Yelled the jangler as she rushed Kelli to the nearest shelter, which happened to be the House of Women.

Kelli sat Lora, cold and shivering, on a bench just inside the door. She was exhausted, but elated as well. She had controlled the fire within her let loose by the dragon flesh. She had to be one of the chosen of the Goddess. Her confidence buoyed her, but then she felt the crushing weight of the responsibility of what just happened.

It was a little while before she realized that Kelli was not beside her anymore. The older woman was talking to what looked to be an attendant, speaking in soft, low tones. The attendant was dressed in a brilliant white dress that accentuated her curves. She held something in one hand, but Lora could not make it out.

"I can hear that you are talking about me." Said Lora. "Or I strongly suspect."

"You have ears that are too big for your head little girl. We should have just sent you off to be a spy." Retorted Kelli.

"Ophelia said my tits were too small to be a spy." Said Lora back.

"Shut up and let me deal with this before they kill you!" Shouted Kelli, her rage apparent in her voice.

Lora fell silent, shocked. It was then that she saw the attendant had a dagger in her hand.

She had never considered that the people of the city might think she was dangerous. She had controlled it even though it had caught her completely by surprise. Lora could only imagine the terror the other women of Ravencrag had felt.

The attendant bowed to Kelli after they talked some more and she turned and went further into the building. Kelli came and sat with Lora with a sigh. She wiped sweat from her brow and left a smudge of charcoal on her forehead.

"How bad is it?" Asked Lora.

"Not bad enough that they would execute you for treason. But not good enough that you will be hailed as the savior of the land." Said Kellie with a wry smile.

"Isn't this what they wanted? To be able to have me control fire? To fight for them and smite the enemies of the God and Goddess?"

"Yes." Said Kelli, sounding tired.

"Then why are they afraid of me?"

"Because you shouldn't have been able to do that." Said Kelli. "Furies are made by the God to be a Champion for the things his wife loves. She may have made the world, but he made everything in it. Furies are demigods chosen at a certain time."

"And I demonstrated powers before I was blessed by the Goddess, is that it?" Asked Lora.

"Yes and no. A Fury is created, and then released by a ceremony, which you have not done yet. The kind of power that would circumvent a holy ceremony has them all scared."

"So am I a blessed Fury or something else?" Asked Lora.

"I don't know. That is a matter for the religious fanatics and the historians of the future to figure out. My best guess is that the Goddess simply unlocks something within the Fury, a vault. The blessing doesn't give you powers, it simply unleashes them."

The two women sat in silence for a while. Lora took Kelli's hand and squeezed. Kelli gave the younger woman a small smile.

"I think it will be ok." Kelli whispered. "You just had to try the dragon..."

Both women chuckled uncomfortably. After a few minutes, the attendant came back, mercifully without the dagger in her hand.

"You may stay here until the situation outside has been resolved." She said.

Lora heard Kelli breath out a sigh of relief. She felt the tension go out of her mentor's hand. The older woman turned to Lora.

"Well, if we are stuck here, I might as well treat you to a massage. Unless of course you would prefer to sit in the entry way and be cold." Kelli said with a wink.

"I think that would be wonderful." Said Lora, realizing she was far more tired than she had been a minute ago.

"Penelope, if you wouldn't mind scheduling us for a massage, that would be wonderful." Kelli said.

"Very good Mistress Kelli. You of course would like Riley to be your masseuse. What would the young lady prefer?" Said the attendant.

Kelli looked Lora up and down.

"I would say Jennifer would be best."

"Very good." Said the attendant and she glided off.

"This way Lora." Said Kelli.

The two of them turned the opposite way the attendant had gone, leading them deeper into the House. The hallway was bright, lit from skylights above and glowstones set into the walls. There were many doors along the walkway, but all of them were closed.

Lora could hear the evidence of lovemaking from behind most of the doors. Moans, screams and yells that got her blood up. One room was gigantic and had no door. On the floor was a giant mat that covered the entire room. But what caught the young woman's attention was the mass of bodies that covered the mat.

More women than she had seen in one place were entangled together, moaning. Some licked the pussy of others, some fondled breasts and nipples. Still others vigorously pumped their fingers in and out of others. There seemed to be no set couples, as women moved about as one organic creature, satisfying whatever woman happened to be close at hand.
