 She woke up in a strange bed the morning after. Didn't know where she was for a moment. Then it came back to her.

He'd had her strip out of her dress and underwear in the limo, leaving her only her stay ups and high heels. She'd sat on his lap with his hard cock in her cunt while he was playing with her, letting his hands explore over her creamy skin. It had kept her so aroused she could only moan. She'd felt every bump in the road on the ride until they slid up to the curb next to his building.

The steps from the car across the curb, into the skyscraper and to the glass-walled penthouse elevator had gone so fast she'd almost been able to ignore she was naked. The cold air had made her nipples so hard she'd felt like they'd burst if she got any more turned on. The triplets had huddled around her, mostly shielding her from any onlookers, only giving a tantalizing flash of a diminutive, naked blonde as she was herded into the building. The doorman, on the other hand, she was sure got a full look.

Once in the elevator, Damien had pushed her against the glass wall, giving her a fantastic view of the night city as they were going up, while he fucked her hard from behind. She'd started climaxing a third way up. Before two thirds, he'd inseminated her, deep in her pussy, becoming the first man to ever succeed in making her accept his fertile load into her reproductive system. When they were all the way up, she'd staggered into his penthouse with his cum running down the inside of her thighs, dripping globs of it on the shiny marble floor as he led her through the apartment to the master bedroom. She'd seen sexy French maids scurrying in the areas they passed, and she'd blushed deeper, aware they'd be cleaning up the trail she was leaving over the floor, while she was being fucked by their master, just a few rooms away.

Emma put a hand to her belly, suddenly realizing he might have changed her so contraceptive drugs no longer worked on her. She'd heard some makers enjoyed doing that. Modifying their stock into super-fertile little baby-factories, altering them to always get identical multiples when bred, sometimes limiting them to either only boys or only girls.

If he had, she was probably already pregnant. That load in the elevator wasn't the only one she'd taken. She bit her lip, trying to really think about it. She couldn't decide if she wanted it to be boys or girls if she had been successfully bred. Whatever Damien wanted, she guessed. He'd probably want blonde girls, she thought with a giggle. She could do that. A pair of blonde twin daughters. She imagined herself heavily pregnant, a successfully bred young lady, dutifully carrying twin babies inside her for her older Maker. Her cunt clenched at the thought.

Though none of the other women she'd seen here had been swollen with child. Maybe Damien wasn't into that stuff. At first, she felt disappointed realizing that, but then thought that perhaps that meant she could be the first?

In the bedroom, Damien had let the triplets have their way with her, fondling, kissing, licking, as he watched, getting himself ready for another round. Then he'd approached, touched her, and the world twisted, her tits swelling up. Then the twist again. Tits growing bigger, overfilled and round - like super-sized volleyballs on her chest. Before that night, she had never provided a titty fuck. Now she was utterly made for it.

He hadn't hidden how much he enjoyed having her that way. He'd treated her like a big pair of tits, her only purpose to be a cleavage for his cock. He'd shot his white, sticky enjoyment onto her chin, over her face, but most of it into her hair, while she was still squirming in her titty fuck induced orgasm. Thinking about it now, she couldn't wait for him to do it again.

She groaned, her thoroughly used body sore all over, shifted over the expensive bed linen and opened her eyes. She was alone in the colossal bed.

She felt the unfamiliar weight of her huge tits as she rolled over, her massive breasts hitting her chin. Thick steel rings hung from her nipples, glinting in the sunlight coming in from the windows. Oh, yeah, her new tits came with pierced nipples, she'd almost forgotten that. Rings for him to push his fingers through while he used her.

Moving her hands to find the rings with her own fingers, she felt that stretching sensation on her skin of dried cum. It was everywhere! Her long hair, spread out above her like a golden halo over the pillows, was tangled and sticky. Globs of hardened cum in her yellow tresses.

She groaned again, got out of the bed and walked naked, disheveled to the mirror wall. Time to see the damage.

Seeing herself, she gasped. Her tits were larger than her head! Flawlessly round, riding high, supernaturally unaffected by gravity. She pushed up to her toe tips, let herself make a little jump in place. They moved exactly right, despite being unnaturally round and high when at rest. It managed to make her look pneumatic and natural at the same time. Go figure.

Her face looked as if it belonged on a baby doll. Her nose smaller, an upturned, cute little nub, and there was a big ring piercing her septum. Her lips were suitably more bee-stung for someone that liked it in the mouth as much as her. The pouty new lips seemed to naturally part when she relaxed, and she could see the glint of the piercing inside her mouth. Would her mouth look this inviting when she slept, too? If so, she suspected she'd probably have to get used to waking up with seed in her mouth. She stuck her tongue out, looked at the metal ring that was in her tongue tip like an earring. It all combined into a "wants it in the mouth" theme. She tittered. It wasn't untrue.

Bigger eyes with thick, butterfly lashes. Her pupils so dilated she looked as if she'd been drugged. The wide-set blue eyes with the huge, dark pools in their centers made her look like a startled, attentive prey. A gazelle with her focus turned towards an unexpected sound. She wondered if she'd always look this doe-eyed and surprised now, or if it was just a reaction to seeing her changes.

Emma tried making a few faces. The girl in the mirror appeared innocently unaware about how alluring she looked, no matter what she did. Fresh, cute, inexperienced - and blissfully uninformed that her mouth had clearly been designed for cocksucking.

It was almost tastefully subtle, but there was also no denying it - her new face was a walk-in invitation for rough, dominant facefucks. Perfectly matching the mood Damien had been in when he made it.

It was the face of a sexual plaything. Dominant men would never leave her be, now.

There were other alterations too, of course. A wasp-waist, ridiculously tight. Her ass a little improved. She found that she walked on her toe tips now - it felt natural to move like a dancer. As if she was a stripper on stage, showing off for the men.

She moved her hand to her sex at that thought. Touching herself. And then she felt the clit piercing. Oh, yeah. There too.

Damien had used his power to pierce her when they were snuggling between bouts, late at night. He'd had one of the Mandys go fetch a tag and the other piercings for her, put the tag in her clit himself. Set up her profile page on his phone while the triplets inserted the other piercings. During cuddling later, he'd showed her how he'd set the picture of her cum covered face in the restaurant as the profile picture. He'd paid her coyness and protests no heed - he'd taken more pictures of her during the night's play, posted them all. Documented her hard use.

Her face going crimson, she bit her swollen, bee-stung lip as her fingers pulled at the piercing, fingertips teasing over her nub. She'd actually let him tag and register her. She was tagged like a cow. Mooo...

As she played with herself, she felt her hair rustle behind her, teasing at the inside of her thighs, even below her knees. It was so much longer now. Long enough to pool on the floor when she was on her knees in front of him. To tickle over her shins while she bobbed her head on his cock.

Her new look reminded her of something. She couldn't quite put her finger on it. So she kept her finger on her clit instead.

She felt her heat rising. Her body was so tweaked that she'd probably be able to get herself off like this. Just fingering herself and admiring her new look in the mirror. She panted, worked herself with her fingers. She really enjoyed looking at the slut on the other side of the glass; a disheveled, big-titted, naive blonde sex toy, frigging herself off to her own reflection.

She was letting her own mirror image turn her on. She was such a bad girl. The thought made her belly warm. Mmm, she was a bad girl.

She moaned, but also started to get confused in her happy pleasure. She was usually such an easy girl - any other time she'd be able to get herself off now. But something strange was going on with her new body. She felt like a tuned supercar on a speed-limited highway, her arousal going from 0-60 at the slightest provocation, but unable to break the speed limit. She was right to the edge and unable to push herself over.

Her climax was so close, just within reach, yet nothing. She closed her eyes, sped up her fingers, tried harder. Her nimble digits made squelchy noises from her honey as they played her sex like the familiar instrument it was. She used all the tricks that usually worked. No success.

She couldn't get off.

She whimpered, smeared the inside of her thighs with her arousal. She was dripping. Didn't care that she was making a big, wet spot on the expensive carpet.

"You look lovely like that," she heard behind her. Damien had snuck into the room and was watching her. She jumped at the unexpected sound, opened her wide eyes and looked at him, but in her heat, she couldn't even fathom pulling her fingers out of her sex. Wide-eyed, humiliated, and ruled by her urges, she jilled herself in front of him.

"Mmm, I did well with you! You're a sexed-up Disney Princess!" he said, sounding pleased with himself. "I leave you alone for two minutes, and you are already playing with yourself in front of the mirror! Keep going. I'm enjoying it."

As disgraced as she felt at having an audience, she had to keep trying. She bit into her lip, scrunched her face, kept rubbing. She mewled in frustration, unable to get there. "Why? Can't? I? Come?!" she whimpered.

He chuckled, enjoying her frustration as she struggled to get herself off. "You can't climax for yourself anymore. Right when you're on the edge, you must beg someone for permission, and get it."

"I... What?!" she said. "Why?! Please let me come!"

He grinned, shaking his head no. "Make it more like 'Please let me come for you, sir,' or I won't let you," he said.

"What are you...? Damien, I..." It was demeaning, but there was no doubt in her mind about doing it. She didn't want to risk him withholding his permission for her release. She gave in. "Please let me come for you, sir! Please! Please?"

He laughed. "Good girl. Such delicious desperation! You may. Make me enjoy it."

At his permission, she felt it sneak up on her, then pouncing on her like a tiger surprising a prey from the tall grass. She fell off that cliff, entirely out of control. 

Her vision exploded in fireworks, a long wail from her mouth as she shuddered, arching her back in her release. During it, she was constantly aware of him looking, him relishing seeing her like this. The need for permission colored the experience in unexpected ways, made it feel like the pleasure of the climax wasn't hers, instead meant for someone else to enjoy. It felt like her orgasm was a submissive performance, a gift she was expected to offer. She didn't have any right to it - she was just a conduit so someone else could delight in her body's ultimate sexual expression. It was like he'd stolen her orgasm, made it his. Now he used it on her for his own entertainment.

She arched her back further for him, moaned for him, came for him.

When she could think again, she found herself on her knees on the plush carpet, panting in front of the mirror. Her long hair, pooled on the floor between her legs, was soaking up the dampness from the dark spot in the carpet below her.

Her finger was still in her sex.

"Good girl," he said. "I did quite enjoy that." He moved closer. He had a pair of handcuffs in his hand, she hadn't noticed before. "But now, my little princess... Bend over on the bed," he commanded, moving behind her, cuffing her as he pushed her into position. His cock was hard. Poking into her ass.

She was handcuffed. Her face pushed down into the bed. Suddenly about to get her first ass-fuck.

"I've been looking forward to this," he said, squeezing his hands below her tiny ribcage, making his thumbs and fingers meet around her impossible, constricted waist.

"Wait, I've never-" she started saying.

He held her still and pushed in. What she'd meant to be a protest was turned into a needy moan.

-

She'd been tweaked anally during the night's twists, that was for sure. It couldn't feel this good naturally, or all young women would be begging for it all the time.

She'd never taken anything larger than a tiny plug to her ass before, but here she was, her sphincter pulled over a cock more massive than any sex toy she'd ever owned. Damien had slid into her so easily, set a fast rhythm immediately, been pounding her hard for mere moments before she had completely given in to it.

"Oh, god, it's so big! You're going to make me cum again. Fuck me!" she begged. Some Disney princess I am, she managed to think. If I'm to be a princess, I shouldn't let things like that come out my mouth! "Fuck your dirty little princess! Fuck my a-Gnnnh!"

He pushed in, aborting her dirty talk, instead forcing a throaty grunt out of her. And then the world twisted.

She tried to keep begging, but suddenly she was unable to talk, only a lewd moan getting past her lips. Damien pushed in again. She grunted loudly like a pornstar, incapable of speech. Looking up and meeting his eyes in the mirror, she made a scared, questioning noise.

"Oops, sorry! I think I slightly, just a tiny bit, de-voiced you", he said, chuckling, not sounding sorry at all.

She wanted to scream at him, but it just came out a long moan. She didn't want that! How was she going to handle school now?!

Seeing her annoyance in the mirror, Damien chuckled. "Don't get into the fire if you can't take the heat," he teased. "But it's just while you're horny, mind you. Only while you're turned on. It will make you a nice toy in bed. Unable to say no to anything."

Oh. She could maybe understand how he'd been able to make her subconsciously yield to that. She'd fantasized about worse bedroom bondage.

Damien squeezed her tiny waist tightly as he was fucking her. "You'll be able to talk just fine if you can keep yourself calm," he added. Pushing in hard, her new buttocks slapping against his thighs every time he hilted in her. "Given your new body and agreeable temperament, though, that might be a bit hard. I mean, you turn on so easily!" It was obvious he was enjoying putting her into this situation. He laughed. "Why are you letting me do these things to you, Emma? Are you really that kinky a girl? Enjoying being put in magical bondage that you can't escape?"

She buried her face into the pillow in shame, hiding her blushing, pink cheeks. Damien forced muffled little delighted grunts out of her every time he pushed into her, his cock working her into a heat, pushing her closer to her climax.

She was mute, handcuffed, getting fucked hard in the ass, and she was so excited by it that it was going to make her orgasm. The humiliation was going to make her cum. She was already almost there.

"There is, of course, another wrinkle to all this," he said, the teasing more obvious now as if hitting the home stretch. He pressed into her again, pushing her towards her peak. "If you can't talk while you're horny, you of course also can't beg for an orgasm when you're ready."

She wailed out in realization, whimpered in distress. Damien had stolen her orgasms completely! The different limits he'd put on her combined in a way that made it impossible for her to cum! She cried out in submissive heat from it, the slapping of him fucking her mixing with her aroused, pitiful noises as she mourned her lost orgasms.

He laughed, sped up, started utterly using her, edging her for several, long minutes. He enjoyed himself with her as she wailed in helpless arousal. Let her have no control. Helplessly being exercised that hard felt good, it felt amazing! - she'd only dreamt of sex like this! - but she needed to cum! She couldn't deal with being kept this horny for much longer. She wanted so desperately to beg permission, but she couldn't talk! She sang out in a long moan, her whole body trembling, so riled up it was ready to snap. If he kept this up, she would break!

"You want it, don't you? Don't you wish you could ask me?" he teased.

She just grasped the bedsheets with her fists, whimpered her need.

He laughed, then came, filling her ass with a loud, wet, splurt, roaring behind her as he fully claimed her butt. He withdrew, leaving her there on the bed, handcuffed, with her shoulders down, ass up and gaping, full with his cum, on the edge of her climax. She mewled in anguish, knowing that was it. She wouldn't get release. Ever again.

Ever again.

Her heat slowly, slowly started going down, taking her away from that edge.

He pulled her to him in the soft bed, cuddled her, she still handcuffed, his hand gently playing with her body, pulling at her nipple piercings. Purposefully kept her just horny enough so she wouldn't be able to speak, couldn't complain.

"I just love doing that to pretty young women like you. Sometimes I'm quite the evil bastard, don't you think?" he said with a chuckle.

De-voiced, moaning in insatiable arousal, she couldn't argue with that.