 Emma fiddled with her laptop, looking through her slides as she sat in the lecture hall. She was so nervous she felt she was going to have a heart attack. The week hadn't gone well for her. Damien had let her lose after the weekend, just as he'd said, sent her home in the limo. She'd just barely had time to go into her apartment and change clothes before she had to hurry to class.

Going out into the world again after those days being hidden away in his luxurious penthouse had been harsh. Her changes had made men more than ever take notice of her, chasing her tail. It wasn't just her new doll face and curves. It was like she had a submissive aura, something intangible that dominant men picked up on. Something that made it obvious even to normally well-behaved men that they should be rough with her.

The mental changes made her almost completely unable to fend them off. Damien had turned her sex drive and submissiveness up to 11. She'd been in two gangbangs already during the week, and it was only Thursday.

This wasn't the gradual descent Damien had talked about. It was free fall. And she didn't have a parachute.

All Tuesday she'd spent handcuffed in what she suspected was some frat bedroom. A group of seniors had been waiting for her on her way to school, convinced her to get into their van. In the moving vehicle, after they had gotten her into cuffs, they had surprised her with a blindfold, then again by putting noise-canceling, wireless earbuds playing loud EDM in her ears. They had used their fingers in her cunt to silence her protests, then stripped her right there in the van. She couldn't speak, couldn't see or hear anything when they'd moved her from the car into a house and upstairs, dropped her naked onto a bed.

Doll-like and passively compliant, feeling isolated and disconnected from the world in her dance beat bubble, she'd obediently gone along with anything they'd wanted. With the loud music overpowering everything else, it had felt like a dream. They'd posed her and bent her, explored the possibilities of her meekly yielding little dancer's body and its extreme flexibility to the fullest - fucked her and shot their seed in her long through the night.

She'd been told later that the queue of men waiting to get their turn with her had reached out the room and down the stairs at first, but had quickly become a line reaching out into the street, as the knowledge about the limber blonde slut upstairs spread throughout the neighborhood.

Emma had gotten dumped out of the van on the curb outside her apartment next morning - sticky, naked and sleep-deprived - and the blindfold left on. The car was gone before she got the blinder off. Emma still didn't know which frat house it was. Hadn't been permitted to see the faces of any of the men using her.

She'd enjoyed every moment of it, but school that day had sure been a bitch. She'd fallen asleep in her seat.

Whenever a guy greeted her now, she couldn't be sure if it was because he wanted to get to know her, or if it was because she'd taken his cum in her womb.

Emma had only been with three boys before this week, but by now she felt it must be up in the hundreds. She'd been fucked more times than she could count, been had several times by her own classmates. A few of them were looking back at her at this very moment, making lewd little gestures to her, ignoring the student at the front of the lecture hall as he was giving his presentation.

She was still tasting the cum from the most recent blowjob she'd been persuaded to give. The guy that had provided the goo she was swirling in her mouth was sitting on the row right behind her. She'd made sure to get all of it into her mouth, to minimize the risk of having to stand in front of the class with jizz in her hair. Hardly any of it had gone up her sinuses. Still, she wished she'd had time to go blow her nose before class. The scent when she breathed steered her thoughts in the wrong direction. Bad. She couldn't afford to lose her speech right when she was about to give her presentation.

She closed her eyes, tried to calm herself. Tried not to think of the glorious feeling of that cock in her mouth.

"Emma, your turn," she heard and opened her eyes, her wet daydream interrupted just when it was getting good. She blushed when she realized her professor was looking at her - along with most of the class. 

Her professor was old, probably in his sixties. Famous in his area of expertise. Emma quite liked him. He managed to make the lectures interesting, not droning like some of the other professors she had. That didn't mean she was comfortable with swirling cum in her mouth while he was watching her, though.

Her face pink, she swallowed discreetly, a mouthful of cum down her gullet while most of the class was watching. Some of them probably knew.

She folded her laptop and was about to stand up when she felt a hand on her shoulder, holding her down. The guy she'd sucked off was whispering to her. "Remember that trick about imagining your audience naked if you are nervous about giving a presentation?" he said. "Well, just know... While you're giving your speech we will all be imagining YOU naked," he finished, chuckling.

Oh, shit, now she couldn't get that vision out of her head. Imagining standing in front of the entire class undressed, showing herself off, spinning around to display the entirety of her dolled form. Dancing like a stripper. She gulped, feeling the pink on her cheeks deepen as the arousal hit her.

"Damn it, damn it, damn it," she thought, standing up, walking down the stairs towards the front. She hooked her laptop to the projector. Then tried to say something. Nope, nothing. De-voiced. She stood there for a moment, just barely holding back the panic. She had to go for plan B.

She'd managed to find the time to edit her practice videos into what she felt was a decent presentation, putting her slides together with her voice, sometimes a little insert with her face in the corner. It was the best she'd been able to do.

Emma brought up the video player, pressed play. The presentation started.

Her professor wouldn't be happy.

-

It had been the longest five minutes of her life, having to stand there, letting the video play, her voice coming from the speakers. Her new, dolled voice sounded like a young girl playing at being a phone sex operator. It was innocently sexual, as if completely unintended. Listening to it and realizing how incidentally it oozed sex only further fueled her fantasies, intensified her arousal.

It might have been better if she'd actually been naked. At least then she wouldn't have felt so useless. Blushing furiously, she'd fidgeted in front of the class as the video played on, trying not to pose or show herself off. Or touch her clit piercing.

The trepidation as she tottered in her high heels behind her professor now, the few minutes to get to his office, was enough to cool her heat down so she could be pretty sure she had her voice back. Picking up on her humiliation, he'd had the decency to say nothing during the class, just intercepting her after, when everyone was leaving, discreetly asking her to come with him.

She knew she was going to fail this course. It would mess up her scholarship. She would have to drop out.

"So, young lady," he said after he'd closed the door, sat down behind his desk. "That was meant to be a live, oral presentation. Instead, you gave a video presentation. Care to explain?"

"I..." she said. She squirmed, said nothing for a moment.

He waited, letting her find her words. She liked that about him. He gave everyone a chance.

"I hung out with a doll Maker this weekend," she finally managed to say. "I managed to get myself partially de-voiced. I couldn't talk."

"De-voiced?" he said. "But you're talking now. I saw you speaking before class too."

"It... it only limits me when I'm horny," she confessed with a little whimper.

"Really?" he chuckled. "Oh, you stupid, stupid girl. How did you manage to get yourself in this situation?" He held up a hand, stopping her response. "Never mind, I don't need to hear it." He paused again, looking at her. "Subs..." he said with another chuckle, shaking his head. "So you were unable to talk at that very moment because?"

"One of the boys whispered something to me just before it was my turn, and... well, you saw..."

He laughed. "Oh yeah? You let one of your classmates turn you on right before you took the stage, despite knowing about your limit?" He chuckled. "You're not just a stupid girl, Emma. You are naughty too."

Her eyes widened. She hadn't seen this side of her professor before. She looked down, blushing again. "It happened so fast, I..." It didn't matter. He was going to fail her anyway. "Yes, sir," she said with a typical teenage pout.

"I think I need to test this, to verify that it's true," he said, getting up, walking around the desk to where she was standing. "Start counting up from one," he said.

She blinked. "Count?" she said. As the old man nodded, she started. "Uhm, one?"

He moved up to her, put his hand to her tiny waist, teasing upwards.

"Oh... I see..." she whispered. She squirmed under his roaming hand, practically prancing. "Two!"

His hand found her huge boob, felt it, squeezing it through her dress. He immediately noticed the lack of a bra. "You've been dolled in more ways than just de-voicing," he stated.

"Oh yes... sir. Dolled just a... tiny bit more," she whimpered, blushing. "Oh... three..." she moaned, eagerly arching her back to offer him her tits.

He put both hands on her, pressed her breasts together, enjoyed seeing what it did to her cleavage.

It made Emma think of her last titty fuck. She moaned, arched her back further, biting down into her lip. Thinking of her professor's cum hitting her chin while trying to get that next number out past her lips.

Her professor laughed at her struggle. "What? Already?" he said with a grin. "Oh, you're too easy, Emma. Dolled up this way, you won't stand a chance out in the real world."

She nodded. It had been abundantly clear for her these last few days. It was just pure determination that she'd only missed class one day. One time she'd even gone to a lecture with some stranger's cum in her hair, not realizing the big, sticky glob was there for everyone to see.

"OK, I believe you," he said. "But I'm very disappointed with you, Emma. You are going to have to make up for it." There was a look in his eyes, an edge to his voice as he said it. "Bend forward and flip your skirt up," he commanded.

She gulped, then did as she was told; flipped up the skirt of her school outfit, pushed out her ass towards him.

"Oh, no panties? You're a very bad schoolgirl, Emma. But you look lovely presenting."

He put his hand at the nape of her neck and pushed her forwards and down over his desk. She mewled in surprise, her belly heating up by the glorious domination. He pressed her head down, making the side of her face conform to the hard surface of the antique, wooden desk. A pen indented her cheek, a pile of well-worn books right in front of her face. She could smell the scent of the old paper, so many hands having touched it. In a stray thought, she wondered if any of those hands had caressed her too. She looked back at her old professor from the corner of her eye as he held her down. She could hear the sound of his zipper.

"You're much better this way, Emma," he said, as he fumbled with his pants. "You're usually such a motor mouth. But now you can't voice your common little opinions. No one cares what you have to say anyway." He pressed himself into her pussy, her eager cunt welcoming him with a happy squelch as he entered her through the copious lubrication.

"Ooooh!" she moaned, clenching around him. He must be more than three times her age, and now she had his cock in her pussy. He'd fucked his first girl long before she was even born. She was insignificant compared to him.

"Now you're silent as you should be. With no other choice than to be a stupid little whore, to give yourself up to be able to complete your education," he teased, starting to fuck her, holding her head down to the desk, pounding into her so hard that she slid forwards over the shiny, wooden surface.

She wailed out, a pink flush spreading over her face at the humiliating, exciting words. It was true. She was payment for a favor. She was no better than a whore. Why, oh, why was that making her so horny?

"Yes, squeal for me, little tramp," he teased as he fucked her. His hand on her head shifted to press down on her cheek, his middle finger pushing past her pouty lips, probing past her teeth into her mouth. "You should make this your main career," he continued as he pressed his cock into her with another grunt. "Such a good, young fuck. No need to bother with trying to get a degree when you have such..." he grunted again, "obvious..." Grunt. "talent."

She just whimpered through her nose, suckling at his digit like a pacifier, her face burning. She squirmed in her insatiable heat below him. Already, her amped body was ready to climax. She wished she was able to beg him for release. Instead, she just cooed.

He groaned, stopped talking and sped up. Emma's ass cheeks bounced each time he collided with them, her thighs pressing against the edge of the table over and over, the heavy desk almost moving from his hard pushes. Emma mewled eagerly. He was so dominant. So smart. And she was so stupid. He deserved something nice in gratitude for his patience.

Her body was ready. Being under him was her place - she could feel it. Overwhelmed by the submissive feelings, she wanted him to breed her, to make her carry his baby. As reparations for her failure, he could keep her and make her belly grow.

But then, suddenly, he pulled out, quickly pulled her off the table by tugging her hair as if her tresses were a long leash and pushed her down to her knees. He gripped her head, pulled her face to his crotch and smoothly introduced his cock to the back of her throat by way of her parted lips.

Unprepared for the sudden maneuver, she made a surprised "Mppph," sound as she felt the taste of her own sex on his cock when it went into her mouth. She heard the old professor grunt above her, his release already in progress. His first shot squirted out of his cock while he was still entering her, the white slime ending up in her mouth and nose before he pressed his tip through her gullet, gagging her. He had the cock all the way down her throat and shooting its thick load before she even caught up with where his fertile seed was going.

She gagged in her surprise, swallowing desperately, trying to avoid an overflow, feeling at least most of the guck going down into her belly. Her cheeks bulging with what seed she coughed up, she just barely managed to keep any from spewing out her nose.

"Good girl! Taking it like a pro!" he grunted, humping lightly to fuck through the sloppy mess in her cum-filled gullet in rhythm with the next few shots. Emma, hearing the squelching sounds coming from inside her as his cock squeezed the goo around in her tight throat, blushed furiously during her struggle.

When his release ended, he hilted himself entirely and held her down with both hands for several, long moments. Emma swallowed helplessly, tried to clear her airways from cum so she could breathe, but was unsuccessful. She clenched her throat around his softening girth, slowly choking.

He held her like that for the longest time, then pulled out, wiped his cock off against her cheek, and pulled her up by his grip in her silky, blonde hair. She coughed up cum into her mouth as she came to, and then drew a long overdue breath. Weak in her knees, she panted with half-parted lips, his seed in her mouth and halfway up her sinuses.

He put his finger in her mouth, scoped out some cum, and smeared the sticky slime around her mouth, rubbed it onto her cheeks, over her forehead, then down the ridge of her nose. As he moved to push his finger into her mouth a second time, Emma whimpered and quickly swallowed so he wouldn't do it again.

He laughed and put his hand down. With the other hand, the one grabbing her hair, he held her head still in front of him so he could admire his handiwork.

"OK, little strumpet, I won't fail you due to the presentation, based on you successfully passing this oral test," he said. "I'll spread the word to the other teachers, making it known that you are available to make up for it if your nature gets you in trouble again. They'll all know what you are."

What? She didn't want anyone else to know about this! She tried to say no, shaking her head, but his grip held her still, and all that came out was another submissive, horny little whimper.

He let her go and slapped her ass, sending her on her way. "Off you go, you tempting harlot," he said. "I have work to do."

She fled his office, struggling to get her disheveled hair in order, her clothes smoothed out before someone noticed her. Feeling the wet spots of seed drying on her face, the lingering taste of her professor's cum in her mouth. Trying to fight off the still strong urge to go back and beg for his baby.

As turned on as she was, she swore she'd work twice as hard to prevent the need for anything like this again.