 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 85: Insight

The Duskhaven estate was a grand palace, as it ought to be for the family who ruled the city in which it was housed. It was the largest and most decorated structure, carved into the center of the northern wall of the city. The most prominent design was the carvings of giant bats with foxlike faces that screamed out at the rest of the city. They were depicted flying around the two large towers that guarded either side of the large entrance. More stone bats perched -- or, more accurately, hung -- on decorative poles that led up to the front doors like lampposts that shed no light. Those particular decorations only appeared to be mere statues, but everyone in the city knew what would happen if someone within the Duskhaven estate didn't like their guests. Suffice to say, bandits and thieves weren't common visitors to the House anymore.

Hundreds of servants and dozens of nobles could easily fit within the halls of Duskhaven Manor. At present, however, everything seemed rather empty. Which made sense, considering that there were only four known adult nobles and three children (along with the required slaves) inhabiting the rooms. All the inhabitants were past the giant ballroom that had hosted many a dance, orgy, and occasional sacrifice; through the huge dining room that must have been able to seat over a hundred guests; and into the back where the House gardens were situated. 

Lord Duagmyr, Patron of Duskhaven House and ruler of Duskhaven City, stood on the balcony that overlooked the gardens. His silver hair had been cut short to artfully frame his handsome, imposing features. The Lord's silver and red robes were likewise cut and tied in the perfect fashion to accentuate his ideal build. Not too tall, not too muscular, not too fat. Perfection. He was leaning against the railing of the platform that overlooked Duskhaven's own private natural cavern. 

The House saw fit to fill its private cavern with delicately manicured gardens and artfully designed 'wilderness.' Duagmyr's brilliant red eyes were looking down at another adult male tending three children who barely knew how to walk, but were determined to do so anyway - and in the quickest and most inconvenient fashion. Ethefien, the unfortunate babysitter, was having a bit of a difficult time keeping up. 

"Irahc'vic, please," complained Ethefien to another male there who sat at a small table sipping from a cup of something hot and very likely alcoholic. 

The youngest drow anxiously ran a hand through his hair, which he had recently cropped short after getting fed up with his hair being yanked by the little ones all the damn time. Ethefien's clothes were likewise a mess barely suitable for clothes one could wear in public and his expression haggard for one so young. It wasn't fair; this was a job for at least two people! One should not be outnumbered by one's young charges. And yet, there he was. And all his cousin could do was laugh. 

That was when Adinyraen swooped in a saved the little girl from braining herself on a stone statue. He gathered her up, balanced her on his hip, and absently pulled away his sleek blue-gray hair to the other side of his shoulder before Dizafraerae could grab a fistful of it. "Do be careful, with the young Matron, Ethefien," he admonished. "She may be female, but she is important to our plans. Duagmyr, my brother, were we not going to meet with that mysterious fellow sometime soon?" he called up to the Patron, who was still overlooking the scene in silence.

That 'mysterious fellow' was none other than a tall male(?) drow(?) by the name of Varas(?). And mysterious he was, deliberately so. Annoyingly so. For one thing, his eyes were closed more often than they were open. And he always smiled. Always. Nobody here had seen the mercenary with any other expression other than a genial, contented, quiet, tight-mouthed smile. Nothing so extreme as could be called a grin. A slight smile.

Varas walked into the scene without fanfare. That was another annoying trait of his: he would just show up without really introducing himself. One moment he was absent, the next present. As always, he stood tall and slightly narrow - a bit lanky for a drow - dressed in dark grey, plain leather garments with a cloak of similar color that concealed much of his frame and more than likely some weapons and alchemical concoctions. He always seemed to have what he needed on hand, after all. His hair was grey more than silver or white, his flesh slightly paler than normal for a drow, a grey just a few shades darker than his clothing. Of course, his eyes were closed, that smile on his face. 

He also never seemed to look around. Partly because his eyes seemed to be closed most of the time, partly because he always seemed to be looking at the person he was talking to. Looking with his eyes closed. The male drow of Duskhaven had only really seen his eyes opened once, and that had been disconcerting. For set in his too-handsome face - a still drawing of some artist' ideal of drow masculinity touched with something strange and alien - his eyes were large. Far too large. And very, very green with flecks of gold that seemed to shimmer and shift. Green as greed, it was said.

For Varas was avaricious and greedy beyond all compare. The mercenary would do anything for money if the price was right. Anything at all, except break a contract. For Varas was what one might call Lawful Evil, with strong emphasis on both the Law and the Evil. Varas loved money, never spending a farthing more than absolutely necessary, always getting paid, always squirreling away wealth to somewhere. Where? no one knew.

"You called for me, Patron of Duskhaven?" the mercenary said with a voice of oily politeness. The only tone he ever used. He never shouted, never whispered. Always calm.

"Ah. There he is," Andinyraen said with a very subtle look of tight-lipped disapproval. "Go on, you little brat," he said as he set the girl back down on the ground. It wasn't exactly a pleasant tone his used with her, but he was gentle all the same. He had just said that the little girl was important to his plans. Then he made his way up to the balcony to join his brother and the slightly disconcerting Varas.

Meanwhile, Irahc'vic got up from his place watching his cousin's misery and, hot beverage in hand, joined the rest of the people overlooking the gardens. Out of everyone, he seemed the least discomforted by Varas' presence. In fact, he never looked at all phased around the disturbingly mysterious fellow. His fiery orange gaze always met and held Varas' closed-eyed stare, and it seemed to amuse Irahc'vic to match exactly the peculiar smile the strange male perpetually had.

Ethefien was the only one to not join his brothers and cousin. He had managed to pick up the twin boys and placed one on either hip, but now that the girl was down again and more determined than ever to accidentally harm herself. He was forced to abandon the twins and chase after her. At least the twins seemed content at present to entertain each other. That never lasted long.

"I called for you," Duagmyr confirmed, careless of his younger brother's plight. He met Varas' closed eyes with a proud, almost angry look that concealed his discomfort. "We have reason to believe that my sister is back in the city. She was seen heading this direction with two males: my cousin, and another unknown."

Varas listened to Duagmyr's words with his usual smile. Well, mostly usual. He did nod in acknowledgment with a slightly more serious expression. "Ashyr, Selene, and Tsabdrin Duskhaven are all back in the city bearing their name. This, I have observed. I also know the identity of the new male, one Caleldir of a family you will have to pay me to reveal."

"Selene came down here?" Irahc'vic exclaimed with a disbelieving grin. "Our spies never saw her."

"Your spies did not see her because she did not walk into Duskhaven with the others," Varas said unconcernedly. "But she here all the same."

That exchange was ignored for now. "Good to hear it confirmed. Do you offer the same price as before to cause a little havoc?" He tried not to be distracted by the steadily more audible string of profanity that floated up from Ethefien. "They are likely holed up in Father's estate. Which is not a bad choice even if it's predictable. I do not know about the other male, but neither Ashyr nor Tsabdrin can set up the wards that my sire can manage. Getting into his house would prove difficult, which is why we require a man of your skills." Explained Andinyraen.

"The usual price. My contract never really changes, unless it is expired and competing factions are both trying to hire me. Then I go with whoever pays more. That has not happened, and your sister is not rich enough to pay me anyway." Not that Duskhaven itself was exactly swimming in gold at the moment. "So my price to sabotage the interlopers is the same as before. You know what you have to pay me to permanently eliminate the problem as well, right? Still not willing to spring for that much?" Despite it being easier to kill than to merely sabotage, Varas insisted on being paid his normal rate plus whatever an individual might cost on the slave market to actively seek out and kill that individual, rather than just killing whoever happened to cause him trouble on a mission. So he was much cheaper to point at a problem to 'cause it havoc' than he was to hire to actually kill it.

Especially when Varas was quite aware of what he could get on the slave market for the one member of the little party that was not known to be a noble. "I will thoroughly sabotage their efforts, then. Either cripple them permanently or merely buy you some time. By the end of this Cycle, Ashyr and her reclaimers will be rather thoroughly distracted. It is up to you to prepare for their return, though. I suggest hiring me as a guard. Much cheaper than assassinations."

With that all established, the smiling, close-eyed mercenary strode out of the estate. The moment he was out, he morphed into the least interesting, most typical male drow of the servant class that could be imagined. His body language and expression changed completely from disconcerting smugness to a harried worry seen on such individuals. And so, he scuffled of into the darkness of the caverns.

But the brothers were distracting each other too much to notice his departure. 

"I can't believe Selene came back," Irahc'vic said with a laugh.

Duagmyr covered his face with one hand as he massaged his own temples. "And I'm sure she's pissed, cousin. We don't need a mage of her power delaying our plans."

"I don't see why we can't just blow up Sornamal's estate and be done with it. We don't need Selene or the rest of them."

"You are too hasty, Irahc'vic. We do need Selene. Or at least I do. We need as much strength from Father's lineage as possible, you know that. Perhaps we should have asked to kidnap her instead of just creating a bit of havoc. Varas, what would be the price of- oh... He's gone," Andinyraen said. 

Duagmyr sighed. "We will find a way to deal with her later, men. For now, we have other things on which to focus."

--

In the town, the disguised Varas passed that Consort who was sitting outside that seedy inn again, noting once more that the handsome Drow's disguise was terrible. It was obvious to everyone that he was a nobleman trying to pretend to be a commoner, not an actual commoner. Varas knew that Solerin Gallaer was on the run from House Zolyth, and completely defenseless, so Duagmyr's worrying about what the nobleman could be doing hiding out in Duskhaven and inquiring after Ashyr was completely pointless. Killing the man would have no deleterious effects. But Varas was not inclined to offer such information unless directly asked. For amoral as he was, Varas felt no pleasure in bringing about pointless death. Well, pointless for his wallet.

And House Duskhaven was not paying him well enough for him to tell them everything anyway. Fortunately, House Frehelvi paid very well.

--

Solerin Gallaer sat outside the seedy inn, looking into his cup of fungal beer. He was miserable. It had been twenty cycles since he had arrived in Duskhaven looking for Ashyr, hoping that the libidinous ranger would have fond enough memories of him to hide him on Duskhaven estate. So far he had only met with stonewalling from some brothers or cousins or something of hers. He was not used to this sort of living arrangements. He had gotten a bit of coin from selling his body, but that had been deeply unpleasant. He was running out of money again. Soon he might have to either move on or try prostituting himself again. What was happening in Duskhaven? Where was Ashyr? Where the rumors true, and she was dead? If so, he might have to either make a run for the surface or try to make a living in some brothel so cheap that Zolyth would never hear about it.

Sighing, the once-Consort looked up into the darkness, imagining for a moment that he saw some woman dashing across rooftops. Probably not. Or maybe he did. If so, some criminal was likely on the run from the law. None of his business.

He tapped the side of his mug of fungal beer. Why did he even bother to buy this? It tasted nasty. Oh, yeah. Because the flirtations he attracted from both the commoner women and men were only endurable when he was slightly drunk.

Ashyr had begun her search of the city on her side of the main street, planning on combing through the city as she headed north towards Duskhaven estate, while Tsabdrin began at the southernmost half of the city. So the female ranger was alone on the rooftops as she scanned the moderately busy street below her. There had been a day when this street would have been busier. The lesser nobles and commoners could smell the latest struggle for power brewing within the city, even if they didn't know the details of it yet. The little folk usually got caught in the middle of these sorts of things. They were wise to seek fortune elsewhere for a while. Too bad her city's economy had to take a hit for it, though.

She didn't know who or what specifically she was looking for. Ashyr just figured she'd listen in on group conversations. Or perhaps she would follow someone who looked to be in charge. Usually, there was some sort of an unofficial leader of the lesser folk. It was a shame her mother was gone; that woman probably knew all about what made the lower class tick. She had been wise like that, in her day.

... not that Ashyr missed her. Phaerdra had always been distant at best, especially towards Ashyr, "the least favorite child." But she had been a decent leader if not a decent mother. Ashyr's mind often fell on her and what she would do in that situation.

Now was not the best time for that, though. Ashyr mentally shook such thoughts from her head and focused on people of interest below her.

There was someone interesting. He was so obviously disguised as a commoner that he stuck out like some sort of glowing fungus. Ashyr didn't recognize who he was, nor could she figure out why he would sit there and drink some awful fermented drink from a seedy in such as that. It was the sort of place that not even Ashyr would visit unless she was really desperate. ...or perhaps if she was up to something. Whatever was going on, the ranger felt it necessary to check it out. This should at least be interesting.

She made her way back across the rooftops in order to drop down in an alley that ran behind where the mysterious person sat. Then, as casually as she could (which was casual indeed, considering the clothing she wore), she strode into the inn and ordered herself a drink. Gods, it was truly awful, as fermented beverages go. But it was something that someone she was disguised as would drink. So she was stuck with it. Then she plopped herself down at the rickety table apparently carved out of some hard fungus and set outside the inn.

"Hello, pretty. How much for you for a-" She leaned forward to peer more deeply into his hood. The guy looked familiar, actually, like someone's brother that she had interfered with. No. Not brother. Consort. A grin spread across her face. Ashyr had gotten in so much trouble for her liaison with him. But he had been so handsome and forlorn that she never could help herself. Not that she had ever been the model of self-restraint. "Solerin, is that you? What are you doing here?"

Solerin almost leaped to his feet and drew his dagger, but somehow he restrained himself. "Who is asking?" he said blearily. "Are you from House Duskhaven?"

Gods, Solerin looked so miserable that Ashyr could almost taste it. Why wasn't he with House Zolyth? They didn't treat him as well as they could have, but it had to have been better than this awful place. Unless... unless they kicked him out. Or he ran away. Ashyr knew that Solerin didn't have a house to go back to...

Then and there, she was determined to help him however she could. She didn't like a handsome face like his looking so awful. Besides, it was criminal to let a noble-born hang out in a place like this.

She leaned in, and dropped her voice to a whisper. "One could say that," Ashyr responded with a mysterious grin. Her eyes scanned the crowd around her, wondering how many of the people idling nearby were listening. This was one of those times that she really wished she had Selene's minor telepathic abilities; here was not a good place to reveal her identity. "Would you like to go someplace private?" she asked in a slightly louder voice. Hopefully, this would look like completely uninteresting prostitution. "I have coin, and I promise I won't permanently injure you. You can even pick the place. Hell, I'll even let you go after."

Solerin had lived several centuries in several drow noble houses, and in some positions of prominence as well. So, he was keen at reading body language, noticing the strange, and knowing when subterfuge was going on. Well, this was one of those points. The woman was clearly not an ordinary commoner by her behavior. It seemed that she was some sort of agent. Most likely working for Duskhaven, although it was also quite possible that she was instead working for Zolyth. If Duskhaven, she was a friend and ally, most likely. No guarantee, though. If Zolyth, she was likely here to kill him. But her attitude was not that of an assassin, or at least not that of a lesser assassin (a really good one could fake the attitude, of course). He liked to think that he was important enough to warrant a high-priced contract killer, but that was unlikely. He simply was not important enough to justify that kind of money.

So, he decided to take a gamble and trust this woman enough to indulge her for a few moments. If she was here to kill him, he would just have to be on his guard. "Then let us retire to our room." He said in an appropriately coquettish manner for the temporary guise he was apparently going with. Yeah. 'Guise'. Because he was not in serious danger of becoming just such a male whore. 

Thus, he led the woman to the stone stairs that led down into his room.

Ashyr readily followed Solerin down to his (more) underground room with the confident step of one who was certain they were about to have a really good time. She even winked at a grungy female who actually looked like she belonged in that run-down place. The female rolled her eyes before she went back to her meal. Ashyr was pleased. The disguise seemed to be working really well.
