 The war had been a massacre. Human soldiers and castle-forged steel were no match for daemon flesh and cursed weapons. The unholy hordes swept through the countryside destroying settlements and besieging cities, leaving devastation and despair in their wake.

Finally their seemingly unstoppable advance was stalled at a remote abbey where one woman chose to take up the sword and fight back against the rising darkness, inspiring and leading her companions to do the same.

"Hold the line! Right flank, prepare to fall back to secondaries on my mark. Archers, loose!" Sister Augustine cried, her voice carrying over the din of the battlefield as every soldier followed her orders.

The battle had been waging since dawn as the daemon horde surged up the mountain pass leading to the abbey. Luckily the terrain was on the defenders' side; the thin, winding path forcing the enemy to come at them piecemeal rather than being able to stage an all-out assault, which would've led to a swift victory. As the sun slowly slipped past its zenith the troops were beginning to tire, only their faith in the Living Saint keeping them going.

Across the valley the unholy commander watched closely. A necromancer with pale skin and deep set eyes watched, his scrying lens capturing every detail of the battle as wave after wave broke against the abbey's defenses. With a growl of impatience Azul brushed the lens aside, smashing it to the ground as he turned away from the scene. "This battle should've been won easily. Why is it so difficult to rape and pillage one group of nuns!?!" He screamed, gesturing wildly at his cowering minions. Not one dared to answer, their eyes darting between each other waiting for someone else to be the bearer of ill tidings.

Stomping into his tent Azul dropped onto his throne in despair, his face twisting between anger and fear as he pondered what the Overlords would do when they discovered his failure. "Pull them back. There's no point in losing any more troops today." He snarled at his attendant, "We need to find another way to break their wills."

"Mi'lord..." The attendant mumbled cautiously as he leaned closer, "We do have... other options..." He continued, gesturing over to the robed figure standing just inside the entrance to the tent.

Rising in his seat the necromancer eyed the newcomer suspiciously. "And who do we have here? Some new sycophant, with yet another brilliant strategy to help win the war?" He asked peevishly, waving his hand to dismiss the robed stranger.

"I am no sycophant, mi'lord." A voice said, its tones dripping like honey into Azul's ear. Immediately he felt his heart quicken, and his 'attention' was aroused. Peering at the stranger more closely he watched as she pulled back the hood on her robe to reveal... he wasn't quite sure. Somehow whatever he was looking at left the impression in his mind of intense beauty, but even as he stared at her Azul wouldn't have been able to actually describe what the woman looked like. "The Overlords have learned of your... predicament and have asked me to attend to help ease your pressures."

Azul licked his lips, wondering exactly which of his pressures this vision of beauty would be willing to ease, and whether he could spare the time from the battle to explore all of them. "And how exactly, my dear, would you do that?" He asked, trying to sound relaxed with a cracking voice.

The woman, and if nothing else Azul was certain she was indeed a woman, stepped closer. Her body moved like a well-oiled snake within her robes, with all the right curves gently teased beneath the fabric with each step. Everything she did seemed designed to arouse and seduce, and Azul was more than happy to be her plaything, for now.

"I'm here to take care of her." The stranger said, her honeyed tones becoming even more sensual for a moment as she seemed to savour the anticipation.

Azul was taken aback for a second, unsure if he'd heard his guest correctly. "Her?" He asked in confusion. "You mean the holy bitch?" Waving his hand towards the tent's entrance he gestured across the valley to where even now Sister Augustine was rallying her forces as the daemon army retreated back down the mountain pass.

He didn't mean to laugh, certainly not as loudly as he did, but Azul couldn't contain himself. "That pious whore won't succumb, I've already tried. My best incubus couldn't make it past their sacred walls."

The stranger leaned closer, the front of her robes falling open just enough to give the necromancer a brief flash of what was hidden beneath. The memory of a smile insinuated itself into his memory as the beautiful, clouded face rested a hand's breadth away from his. "I think you'll find I have my ways."

Suddenly pulling away the woman turned her back on Azul, quickly flicking her hood back up to cover her face as she stepped towards the entrance. The necromancer pulled himself together, suddenly aware just how entranced he'd been with her beauty, but still completely unable to explain exactly why this had been.

"Prepare your forces." The stranger said, her voice suddenly filled with steel. "They will be needed again in the morning."

With that the woman was gone, leaving Azul to ponder just what had happened in the last few minutes. Waving his attendant over he gave the orders to have the troops properly ritualised and bound afresh for the following day. As the minion vanished to take care of matters Azul began to wonder just what the Overlords truly had planned for the abbey, the 'Living Saint', and for himself.

The torches were blazing on the walls of the abbey as the refugees climbed the mountain path. For days they'd been hiding in the nearby caves, terrified for their lives as the daemons hunted the countryside for survivors from the local towns. Small children had sat in the cold underground darkness, listening through their elders' hands to the muffled cries of the dying outside as daemons ripped them apart, ate them or otherwise defiled the living bodies of anyone they found.

Now with the daemons in retreat many had decided to make a break for the relative safety of the abbey, some in small groups, others on their own. Most of them were glad to see other humans still alive but one or two flinched away from the company of others, unwilling to speak of what they'd witness in their travels.

As they approached the fortifications several of the travelers gawped at the daemon hides and ichor coating the walls from the many, many beasts which had been laid low by the defenders. Large bonfires had been built in the pastures above the path and even now the acrid stench of burning daemon flesh wafted down into the valley below. The refugees welcomed the stench, even as they covered their mouths and noses gagging on the fumes. After all, it was the stench of victory over the foul forces, something to rejoice in.

In the courtyard Sister Augustine watched with pity as the refugees made their way through the gates, her eyes filling with tears at their plight. She called over to one of her sisters, "Do we still have enough supplies to feed these people?" 

Sister Agatha, an elderly member of the Order who'd long been seen as the book-keeper and bursar of the abbey looked over her ledger. "We have the supplies, but at this rate we'll have to close our doors to travelers. Any more and our larders will be cleared out come winter."

With a smile Sister Augustine placed her hand on her sister's shoulder. "Then we shall fast until the spring." She said with a bright tone. "Have faith Sister, God will provide."

Mumbling to herself Sister Agatha moved away to begin preparations for the evening meal. "God may provide, but he seems not to like lending a hand harvesting and cooking."

Turning back to the courtyard Sister Augustine watched as the soldiers sorted the new arrivals into groups, keeping families together wherever possible as space was found in the great hall, chapel and even the stables to house them until something more permanent could be arranged. Among the throng a single robed figure stepped back into the shadows, hidden eyes glancing casually up to look back at the Living Saint on the balcony above.

It was late by the time Sister Augustine made her way back to her cell. She'd taken it upon herself to ensure each refugee, soldier and lay worker in the abbey had been fed and comfortably billeted before retiring and the weight of the day has hanging heavy on her shoulders as she unfastened her armour. The sanctified plates were well crafted and as light as possible while still offering good protection, but this still left them far heavier than the simple habit she was used to wearing.

As she rubbed her sore shoulders a light knocking disturbed her. Stepping over to the doorway she opened the door to be greeted by a beautiful young brunette woman whose shy green eyes darted away from her as if unworthy to look upon the sister's face. "Good eve, your holiness." The girl began, her voice timid and trembling. "I come to offer aid to you, if it is needed."

Sister Augustine was tempted to send the girl away and was about to when a sharp pain blossomed in her shoulder. With a sharp intake of breath she reached up to rub the sore muscle with her fingertips.

"Are you injured?" The girl asked in distress, almost panicking.

Waving her free hand Sister Augustine smiled gently, trying to comfort the poor creature. "No no, it's nothing, just an overworked muscle or two."

"I can help with that," the girl replied eagerly. "In my village I was training as a healer and my Mum... I mean my teacher, often had me help the farm hands with their aches and pains. Perhaps I could help you the same way?"

"What exactly did you do for them?" Sister Augustine asked uncertainly, knowing several of the outlying villages had some very strange notions of what passed for medicine.

Taking the question as an invitation the girl stepped into the sister's cell, her eyes quickly glancing over the bare walls and simple furnishings for a moment. "Nothing drastic, just a simple laying on of hands."

Sister Augustine closed the door and moved back over to where she'd laid down her armour on her cot. "Okay, that doesn't sound too bad. How do we do this?"

The girl gestured towards the bed, "If you remove your clothing and lay down I will be able to see where the problems are, and then by laying my hands upon your muscles I will be able to ease their pains."

For a moment Sister Augustine was unsure of herself. It had been many years since she'd entered the Order and in that time she'd been naked around her sisters many times, but this girl was a stranger and the sister found herself wondering whether baring herself to the girl was entirely appropriate.

As if seeing the holy woman's doubt the farm girl stepped forward, returning Sister Augustine's earlier smile to help comfort and ease the fear. "Do not worry, I have done this many times before and will not be alarmed by anything you may have to share."

With a sigh, and an inner reminder not to be prideful, Sister Augustine unfastened her chainmail shirt before pulling it off over her head. Handing the chainmail to the village girl Sister Augustine started to peel her gambeson away from her body. Her work had been hot and heavy for most of the day and the woolen shirt stuck to her skin in several places and as it was finally removed it left her skin feeling raw and sensitive. Pulling the shirt over her head Augustine became embarrassingly aware that her nipples were feeling particularly sensitive, especially when she turned around to see the girl watching her attentively, her hands held out ready to take the shirt.

Covering her chest with one arm Augustine held out the shirt for the girl, who promptly took it and began to fold it smartly before placing it on top of the chest where Sister Augustine kept her clothes with the rest of the armour. Now standing topless in front of the girl Augustine felt the blood rush to her cheeks. She still had to remove her greaves and cuisse, but while covering her breasts it would be very difficult to get the leg armour and padded undergarments off.

A look of pity crossed the girl's face as she realised the predicament Sister Augustine was in. "If it would help I could leave the room for you?" She offered meekly.

"Thank you, that would help." Sister Augustine replied with a great sigh of relief as she moved to the door, carefully making sure she was behind it as the girl walked passed.

"Once you are ready, just lay face down on the bed and call me." The girl said, closing the door behind herself.

Without wasting any time Sister Augustine quickly stripped off the last of her armour, placing it with the rest of her suit before lying on the bed as instructed. "I'm ready." She called out as she lay face down on the bed, as instructed. A moment later heard the door swing open and then shut again. The sound of water being poured in a bowl came next, followed by the swishing sound of the bowl being moved and when Sister Augustine felt the drops of water splashing against her back she could almost feel her muscles starting to relax already.

The girl's grip was rougher than she had expected, but her fingers seemed to know exactly what they were doing. One by one, aided by the water, they moved from one sore point to the next, carefully soothing them and unknotting the tired muscles. The pain drifted away to be replaced with a strange euphoria which had Sister Augustine drifting off to sleep. It wasn't until the hands began to move lower that she realised something was wrong.

"Wait... I..." She stuttered as the hands cupped her buttocks, fingers working the muscles sensuously as they slowly made their way further and further down.

"Don't worry," An exotic, lilting voice purred in her ear, "I'll make sure you enjoy yourself." 

Looking over her shoulder Sister Augustine saw a beautiful woman leaning over her, unclothed and most certainly not the scrawny farm girl she'd been expecting. She tried to get up, to push the stranger away, but her muscles were so relaxed she couldn't even move. "What have you done to me!?!" She barked out, panicking in fear as she realised she was helpless under this woman's touch.

The beautiful woman smiled, or at least that's what Sister Augustine seemed to see since the features were at once clearly beautiful and at the same time indistinct and immaterial. "I'm just helping you relax." The voice said, its tones flowing over the nun, helping to lull her back into a slumber even as Sister Augustine fought for control.

The fingers were moving closer now, their tips gently grazing over Sister Augustine's labia before pulling away again. "I don't want this..." She moaned, even as she felt her pussy begin to melt under this stranger's touch. Just as expertly as she'd worked her back muscles, Sister Augustine could feel the woman's touch arousing her pussy, causing juices to begin to flow.

Pulling her hand away the stranger dipped it into the bowl of water before holding it high above the sister's ass while her other hand spread Sister Augustine's cheeks apart, leaving her pussy and anus fully exposed. "I could stop, if you'd like." The voice breathed, almost whispering on the air as drips of water fell onto Augustine's quivering cunt. "You only have to say the word and I'll leave. I promise your body will be fine in the morning, after a good night's sleep."

Almost biting her lip Augustine felt the urge to beg the woman not to stop, to ask her, plead with her to keep going, to bring her to her climax, but her Faith was stronger. "Go! Leave!" She barked, the words jumping from her mouth before she could stop them.

"You wish is my command." The voice said with a sneer.

A moment later Sister Augustine heard the door open and close and she felt she was alone once more in her room. Her body was still too relaxed to move and between her legs her pussy was on fire, begging for satisfaction that wouldn't come. It seemed like hours before she finally drifted off to sleep only to find her dreams haunted by visions of a beautiful, indistinct face and her body craving a gentle touch.

+++++