 "It was a mistake." Sister Augustine hissed, trying to keep her voice low as she sat eating in the great hall. For the first time in three days the morning hadn't started in battle, and the garrison were taking the opportunity to eat a proper breakfast while they could. "I should've been more cautious, but in a moment of distraction I acted hastily and now five good people are dead."

"You may think that, but to the soldiers you're a hero." Across the table Sister Agatha smiled maternally as she slowly peeled an orange with old wizened hands. "How many people can boast they've killed an ogre in single combat, as well as slaughtering over a hundred daemons? Five may have died, but the tide of battle was turned by your actions, and because of that many more lived."

"It wasn't that many." Retorted Sister Augustine half-heartedly. To be honest she didn't even know if she was telling the truth or not, the whole battle was still just a haze. As was the night after it. To avoid thinking about it she quickly shoveled some honeyed porridge into her mouth, trying to concentrate on the sweet flavour rather than her incoherent dreams, or memories.

"To hear the soldiers tell it, it may have been nearer a thousand daemons you slew. I'm certain the number doubles each time the story is told." Sister Agatha continued, seemingly oblivious to her companion's reverie.

Glancing around the room Sister Augustine caught sight of a figure she knew vanishing through a side door, or more accurately the shadowy figure of someone who seemed to simply blend into the background while at the same time leaving the memory of beauty in her wake. Dropping her spoon in her bowl she jumped to her feet.

"I'm sorry, I have to go." She blurted, quickly making her way across the room even as Sister Agatha sat spluttering and startled behind her.

By the time she stepped through the door the figure was already disappearing around the corner at the far end of the hall. Hurrying as quickly as she could without seeming to be hurrying Sister Augustine followed, embarrassingly aware of how loud her footsteps sounded in the empty hallway.

Turning the corner she found the stranger waiting for her, an echo of a smile insinuating itself across her echo of a face. "I knew you'd come looking for me." The soothing voice uttered, its tone laced with promised passions which Augustine's body half remembered.

"Who are you?" Sister Augustine asked, her tone sharp and edged as her hand rested on the hilt of her sword.

Eyes which weren't there glanced languidly down at the unspoken threat for a moment before just as smoothly glided back up to Augustine's face, seemingly nonchalant over the sheathed weapon. "I'm just someone here to help you become who you deserve to be. What could possibly be wrong with that?"

Augustine shivered as the voice spoke, her body reacting as the eyes trailed over her as if anticipating something she couldn't even find words to explain. For a moment she was fully aware that right now the only thing covering her nudity was a thin woolen shirt and leggings, and just how easy they could be removed. Her heart quickened with that now familiar feeling and her heat began to boil inside her.

"Stop! Just... stop." Sister Augustine cried out, far louder than she'd intended.

"Stop what?" The figure asked innocently as it slowly began to drift closer.

Sister Augustine draw her sword with a shaking hand and held it out in front of her, half as a threat and half as a talisman to protect herself from whatever it was washing over her.

"I don't think you really want me to stop," The voice whispered in her head, "In fact, I think you want more..."

The creature was right in front of her now, its hand reaching out to gently push the blade aside as it stepped even closer. Sister Augustine tried to move, to bring her sword around to push the creature away or to step back away from it but her body wouldn't move, and for some reason she felt the urge to drop the sword and step forward, into the creature's embrace.

"I know you want more," The creature breathed, the words barely audible in the air as it leaned in close to whisper in Augustine's ear. "More of what I gave you last night."

The hand slipped down the front of leggings, fingers brushing over Augustine's moist lips so delicately she wasn't even certain if she'd felt the touch or not, while at the same time desperately wanting to feel it again.

Part of her wanted to scream, to fight, to push the creature away, but that part of her held no sway against the swirling emotions washing through her body. Her hips moved, without her knowing why, pressing her crotch up against the creature's hands as if to invite the fingers inside. With an echo of a smile the creature complied.

As the pleasure shot through her Augustine's limbs went numb, her sword clattering to the floor and her legs dropping her back against the wall behind her. The creature was right there with her, its arm around her waist as its hands slowly, gently worked its way into her, barely moving as Augustine's hips rubbed her crotch against the creature's hand.

Her head fell back, mouth falling open as a breathless sigh escaped her lips. One hand clawed at the wall as her other reached round and grasped the creature's wrist, holding the hand steady as Augustine fucked the fingers with everything she had.

The gentle caress of the creature's mouth slowly worked its way down Augustine's neck, kissing, licking and occasionally nibbling softly on the sensitive skin. Augustine could feel the creature's hand sliding up her back, carefully guiding her motions while at the same time holding her in place. The feeling of total surrender overcame her, and was soon followed by a wave of pleasure which almost ended her right there.

For several moments Augustine simple lay there, trapped in the creature's embrace pinned against the wall as her body floated on the orgasmic aftershock. When fingers brushed over her mouth she eagerly accepted them, sucking and licking them as she tasted her own cunt's overflowing juices.

Finally the creature pulled away, unpeeling itself from around Augustine as it stepped back to admire the view. Augustine's leggings had dropped to her knees, leaving her soaked and swollen sex on full display, and for a moment the creature seemed tempted to prolong the encounter before changing its mind.

"Meet me in the stables in one hour." The sweet lyrical voice sang to her. "And leave the sword in your cell." 

"I can't believe I didn't think of this sooner." Azul said as he rested his hand on the back of his new attendant's head. Cupping his balls with one hand she used the other to hold his shaft steady as she licked her way up and down his shaft, her tongue wrapping itself around him as she went. "Much better use of your mouth than you're predecessor."

"Yes, mi'lord." The former slave gasped for a moment before going back to her work, taking her master's cockhead into her mouth before sucking gently but firmly.

Azul looked up as the tent flap rustled in the breeze to see a dark robed figure watching. Smiling at her he waved towards her, "Care to join us? My new attendant has a very talented mouth which I'm sure you'd appreciate."

"I'm afraid I have an appointment to keep. Another time, perhaps?" The honeyed words dripped into the air, causing Azul's cock to swell in the attendant's mouth for a moment.

"If you're not here for pleasure, I take it you have news?" He asked, trying to hide his obvious disappointment.

The stranger's ghostly smile washed over her featureless face. "The commander is almost prepared. I'd counsel you to launch an attack in two hours, by then I should have her adequately occupied as to be of little consequence."

Azul smiled and pressed down harder on his attendant's head, forcing his cock deeper into her mouth. The girl gagged for a moment before shifting herself slightly, straightening her throat to allow the prick easier access. "I take it you've discovered her weakness then?" He asked the stranger, who was still watching the sordid display with rapt attention.

"I have." Her luxurious tones purred, "In fact I've discovered several of them, all of which I hope to be exploiting shortly. In fact I must leave now to make sure of it."

"Yes yes, go ahead." Azul replied, waving his hand dismissively as the stranger disappeared through the entrance.

Grabbing the attendant's head with both hands he thrust his cock as deep as he could into her mouth as he grunted heavily. As his cock began to disgorge his seed he sighed with pleasure, holding his attendant in place as he filled her belly with his seed.

Finished he pushed her away, letting the last of his seed splash over her face as he did. Smiling down at her he watched as the slave wiped the sticky mess with her fingers before licking them clean with every sign of enjoyment.

"Let's just hope all my endeavours have such a happy ending."

It was quiet and dark in the stables as Augustine stepped inside, which was something of a surprise as half a dozen families were supposed to have been billeted there but no-one was in sight. Most of the stalls were empty too, with the few surviving horses after the previous day's battle out on patrol.

Augustine wasn't even sure why she was there. Some shadowy figure who she couldn't even remember had told her to come, and so here she was, but why? For a moment she was tempted to leave, to go to Sister Agatha and tell her all about what had been happening to her. And then she saw her.

The creature was stood leaning against the entrance to the furthest horse box, her form giving the impression of nudity while, as usual, the details were obscured. It didn't matter to Augustine; the impression she received was of such sublime beauty she was frozen in place, unable to move, unable to speak, unable even to think. Until the creature summoned her with the wave of a finger, then she was unable to stop herself.

"I'm glad you came." The voice whispered in the air, and Augustine felt herself blushing as she remembered what had happened in the corridor earlier. "I have a surprise for you."

As she stepped up to the box Augustine looked inside and saw two young men in their late teens standing there. She vaguely remembered them as farm hands who'd managed to escape the daemon's advance by being drunk in a clearing several miles from their homes when the daemons attacked. If it hadn't been for a random patrol running through the clearing they'd probably have still been there.

At first they'd planned on drafting the men into the garrison, but after one of them had almost cut of the other's ear off and other had almost cut off him own hand during basic training they'd been cleared for kitchen duty instead.

Standing there in the horse box, naked as the day they were born, Augustine saw that the boy's talents were being seriously wasted. Both looked as though they had a third leg hanging between their normal two, and with the naked creature standing right beside her their extra legs were both facing the ceiling.

The only thing Augustine could say was, "Wow..."

Sounding almost bashful the creature's voice whispered in Augustine's ear, "I know I hinted that you'd be getting pleasured now, but first I'd like you to show these two men your loyalty to me." Augustine stared over at the creature innocently, unsure what was required of her. With a sigh the creature explained, "You're to pleasure them." She said, gesturing towards the two waiting cocks.

"But, I..." Augustine stammered, "I've never..."

The creature laughed, a sweet light laugh which made Augustine want to kiss her right there. "Poor thing, you don't have to do anything other than lay back and let them do whatever they want to you."

Sister Augustine was disgusted with the idea of letting these two idiots even touch her, but before she could even say a word her body was stepping into the horse box with a smile.

The first boy, a blonde with a dimple on his cheek, grabbed her arm as soon as she was close enough, pulling her into his embrace. His lips pressed against hers and she opened wide, letting his tongue into her mouth as he licked and sucked her roughly. It was the first time a man had ever kissed her and she wasn't sure if she was enjoying it or not. It didn't matter though; she was doing what the creature wanted and was sure to be rewarded for it.

The second boy, a brunette with deeply tanned skin, knelt behind her, pulling her cuisse so roughly Augustine heard the seam rip. For some reason that seemed to excite her, especially when the boys hands took rough hold of her waist, pulling her ass back against his face.

Of the two he was obviously more experienced with women and while his blonde friend started to make his way down Augustine's neck in a series of slobbery, drooling kisses the brunette began making far better use of his tongue between her legs.

His long powerful licks run up each side of her labia, ending with a quick flick on her clit each time. Before long Augustine found herself moving to his direction, grinding her hips to rub her crotch against his tongue, trying to hold him on her sensitive and eager bud for even a fraction of a second longer.

Losing patience the blonde grabbed Augustine's gambeson with both hands and with a powerful tug ripped the woolen shirt open to expose her breasts. Not wasting any time he grabbed each of them in his hands, squeezing and tugging them roughly as he sucked one nipple then the other into his mouth.

"These sure are great titties for a nun." He declared, before sucking Augustine's nipple into his mouth and clamping his teeth down hard. She cried out loudly and grabbed at the boy's hair, trying to pull him away only to find the creature beside her, her own hand resting on Augustine's.

"Remember, they get to do anything they want to you." The silken voice whispered in her ear. Augustine relaxed, her fingers slowly uncurling from the boy's golden locks and instead stroking his head as he ground his teeth on her sensitive teat.

Perhaps there was something buried deep within her, or perhaps it was his friend's expert ministrations between her thighs, but after a while Augustine began to enjoy the pain. The shocks shooting up from her stiff and bruised nipple mixed with the slowly building waves of pleasure from her crotch sending her mind wild with desire.

The first orgasm rocked through her body as Augustine's legs failed her and she fell back onto the brunette's face. She felt her juices splashing over her thighs and down onto the boy as he pressed his tongue hard against her clit, working it around the bud as he prolonged the burning pleasure for Augustine as long as he could.

Finally, as Augustine's quivering body came back under her control, the boy pulled away. Smiling up at his friend he declared, "You gotta taste this fuckhole, man. She's got the sweetest cuntcream I ever tasted." Augustine was shocked to be described so crassly, while at the same time feeling proud at being the best.

"How about we trade?" The blonde replied, finally releasing his grip on Augustine's tortured nipple, which only caused more pain to course up inside her.

Shaking his head the brunette pulled Augustine down into the hay, "Nah man, if I don't plug this whore soon I'll blow my load on the floor." With no further ado he climbed on top of the nun, using one hand on her shoulder to steady her on the floor as he guided his prick to her sodden opening with the other.

With one quick thrust he plunged himself into her, ripping apart her insides and sending Augustine squirming in pain. As the blood flowed out of her and Augustine screamed in agony the boy simply laughed, "There goes her maidenhood!"