 I was standing in the crowded cafeteria, trying not to think about my stomach growling. I'd forgotten to eat breakfast this morning, and now at 2PM I was suffering the consequences of my forgetfulness. I looked behind me once or twice, noticing the line only getting longer. At least I wasn't in the back...but I certainly wasn't in the front either. I scanned the cafeteria again, looking for any signs of someone I actually wouldn't mind speaking to. My eyes caught Tracy, who was essentially skipping her way over to me. I have no idea how this girl remained so carefree. She was student council leader, college representative and an active member of the most popular sorority on campus.

Oh, and she was totally a dragon.

I could see swirls of smoke each time she stepped into the sunlight. Tracy was a beautiful girl, but she was pretty careless when it came to masking what she really was. She, like the other dragons, were probably too used to no one being able to see them for what they were. And for the most part, no one could see what they were. Tracy was a blonde bombshell, with runway legs and an envious hourglass figure. I couldn't hate her because I loved her so much, but I imagined a lot of girls did in fact loathe her with the passionate burning of 1000 suns. 

Soon enough, a face surrounded by flowing, blonde hair was way too close to mine.

"Sam!" She took me into her arms at full force, nearly knocking the air out of me.

Dragons are much stronger than the rest of us. Sometimes, I think Tracy gets so caught up in pretending to be fully human that she forgets that she's not. 

"Tracy. I can't breathe." I try my best to push her away from me a little, not feeling like visiting the ER today.

"Oh. Right." She giggles, sweetly, and lets me go. As she does, I notice that her eyes are glowing bright, fiery, ocean blue. 

"Tracy!" I almost shout, then remember I'm surrounded by people who would definitely be freaked out by a YOU ARE SURROUNDED BY DRAGONS revelation. 

"Your eyes are glowing." I do my best to whisper.

"I know!" She shrugs it off. "I've been telling people they're contacts I got from a super special online store in Japan. They're slightly illegal, but worth the buy."

"Will is going to be so mad at you." I'm angry-whispering now, something that's extremely hard to manage when you're fuming. 

"Only if you tell him." Tracy gives me a sickly sweet smile. "You don't have to tell your boyfriend everything."

"Uh, I kind of do, Tracy. And if I don't, then he'll just be mad at me! He might go full dragon!" Okay, so now I was semi-whispering, semi-talking regularly.

"And we all know you hate it when Will is about to go full dragon." Tracy's words were dripping with sarcasm. 

Suddenly a little embarrassed, I could feel blood rushing to my face...and somewhere else. Memories of the last time Will almost went full dragon on me. I swear, I can still feel the burn of his talons dragging against my skin as he pushed into me, relentlessly, nearly pinning me under him. He was still in his human form, but he was barely holding on. He was biting into my shoulder, hard, as he moved inside of me. Every part of me felt electric, so perfect, that I didn't even realize how loud I'd been moaning. I was cumming, over and over and over. No one else has ever made me orgasm like that, except for Will. 

And during the grand finale, when Will came inside of me and the warmth of his release pushed me over the edge one last time...

Tracy came into the room.

There's nothing quite like seeing your roommate's face when you're mid-orgasm.

It changes things.

After that experience, Tracy and I both decided it was in our best interests if I moved off campus and out of our dorm room.

Honestly, I'm surprised we managed to stay friends.

If I would've walked in on her, I don't think I could brave the social awkwardness to ever manage a conversation with her ever again.

When I'd gotten outside of my head, I noticed we were at the front of the line.

"When did this happen?" I murmured, taken aback by the progress.

"Sometime between me telling you not to be a snitch and you fantasizing about your boyfriend's dragon dick." 

Before I could even respond, Tracy was giving her order to the lady at the counter. All I heard was the word "vegetarian". I had to do everything I could to keep from laughing. Tracy always hated how much other dragons would make fun of her for eating so...non-dragon-y. Of course, they were in the right. I've literally never seen Will eat anything remotely green unless it's lettuce on a cheeseburger. Dragons are carnivores to the extreme. Will likes to joke about how that's the reason he has no problem eating me out so often...Goddammit. No. I will not space out again.

"I'll have food, please." I say it wholeheartedly, dedicated to not spacing out anytime soon. The lady at the counter just stares at me. It takes me a few seconds to realize my mistake. "Uhm, I meant, I'll have...pizza? Looks good?" I hand her some bills and nearly bow to her as an apology, before I take the plate away. I follow behind Tracy, who's headed for an overly decorated, neon pink table. I let out a loud sigh as I finally understand that I've been led into a trap.

"I'm not joining your sorority, Tracy." 

"What? Oh, no way. I just thought I'd invite you as an honorary sister for a day. Every sister gets to pick one, once a semester. And since you're basically the only girl I talk to who isn't already in, I thought it'd be nice to introduce you to everyone else." Tracy turns to beam back at me, before continuing towards the table.

I put no effort in my expression back at her, and assume it comes out as a grimace. Tracy doesn't care. I'm promptly seated next to an over-curious freshman sister, asking me what year I'm in and how I got to know Tracy. She wishes she and Tracy were closer. She'd love to be just like her one day. I nod, sporadically, pretending to listen to all of her Tracy praise when I'm really only picking up on 1/3rd of it. Wow. This girl really loves Tracy. And wow. This pizza was not worth $5. 

A few hours later, and I'm home sweet home. I plop down on the couch, blasting the TV. I have a very strict no-doing-homework-on-the-same-night-it's-assigned-policy. This has made my academic career shaky at best and downright ninth circle of Hell at its worst. Whatever. I'm 22 years old. I'm an adult. I do what I want. I could order 20 plates of Chinese food and absolutely no one could stop me. I could even eat it all with my hands! No knives! No forks! Nothing! It's a thing of terrible beauty, this world of adulthood. 

An hour into the news (a summary: the world is shitty, people are shitty, kittens aren't shitty, the government's not as shitty as it could be) I hear my doorbell ringing. My heart jumps into my chest, already starting to pound faster. Will. Will. Will. I mute the TV, as I nearly run over to the door. I frantically pull it open, pull Will inside and slam the door shut behind him. A second later, I'm kissing him, not letting him get a word in. I can feel him smiling against my lips, happy to see me, too.

Will is...Well, he's hot. But it's not just his casually toned body or that quintessential dragon glow behind his eyes, it's something else. Something else that makes me want him kind of desperately. I'd call it love, and it is, but it's also a little different. He's tried to tell me it's more like a bond. Since we, you know, mate pretty often, we've developed a type of ancient connection that dragons experienced all the time. I can feel him and he can feel me.

He's actually feeling me right now, very conspicuously. 

"Your hand's on my ass." It's the first thing I say to him, as I break the kiss.

"Huh. Weird. It's almost like I'm attracted to you or something." Will kisses me gently on the cheek.

"Un huh. Did you already eat dinner?" I let my hands rest on his chest. "If not, I could whip you up some baked chicken. Or just let you eat it raw. Whichever."

"I could go for a bite." Will bares his teeth at me, letting the sharpened tips of his canines come through.

"Oddly enough, that's stopped being so terrifying." I press on one of his canines, and the tip goes back in. "I'll put it in the oven."

After around two hours of waiting for the food to cook, eating the food and then relaxing on the couch due to being full from the food, Will and I decided to head to bed. I got there first, wearing short shorts and one of Will's old t-shirts. No bra, because I'm a free woman. I was wearing panties though, because I'm a lady. I was flipping through one of Will's textbooks he'd brought over with him. Something about biomechanics. I've considered that I might just be dating a mad scientist, but what was I supposed to do, not date him? No way. Will's perfect. And also maybe planning to take over the world someday.

Will came back into the bedroom, shirtless, but wearing a pair of boxers. He climbed into bed with me, not breaking eye contact as he did. I put down his textbook, and give him a kiss on the forehead.

"Did you see Tracy today?" He asks, curious.

"Yeah, we had lunch together. Well, she forced me to have lunch with her sorority sisters and she was also at the table." 

"That sounds about right." Will kisses me near my elbow. "What else did you do today?"

"I just had my usual classes. Oh, did you know that they're not going to give one of the history professors tenure all because he may have caused civil unrest at city council a month ago? I mean, he knows history, so isn't it kind of his thing to want to change history? History is terrible! Why is he being punished for wanting a better fut—ahh!" I unexpectedly let out a small moan. I'm not sure when it happened, but Will's hand was currently between my legs, rubbing me through my shorts.

"Keep going." He says it calmly, as if he's doing nothing at all.

"Well, where was I..." I could feel Will's other hand lifting up my shirt, his mouth quickly finding my chest. He kisses my chest, softly, before taking one of my nipples between his lips. He continues to steadily rub between my legs, and I can feel a familiar wetness beginning. "The professor is going before the board in a few days..." Will's fingers slip into my shorts, bypass my panties and I can feel them, playing in my wetness, threatening to slip inside of me. If any of him found his way inside of me, I was a lost cause until he was done. When our bodies connect on any level, it's like heroin. Or at least what I imagine heroin has to feel like for it to be so damn addictive. 

"And if he can get them all to agree to review his case, he could be up for tenure again...soon...Ahh..." I knew I was full out moaning now, feeling Will's fingers find their way inside of me, pushing into me, exploring me fully. That warm sensation all over my skin was back, that spectacular way only Will could make me feel. 

"Keep going." I could hear the grin in his voice, as he pressed against my g-spot, my wetness nearly flowing now. 

"I can't think. I can't—" He slips his fingers out of me, licking them clean as he does. 

"Sorry for interrupting. I'm listening. I promise." He playfully kisses me on the nose, as his hands go towards my shorts. He pulls them down, right along with my panties, and spreads my legs a little wider. With no hesitation, he lowers his head, his mouth finding my clit immediately. Shit. His tongue was shifting from its regular, human intentions into its alternative dragon length. Before I even knew it, his tongue was inside of me now, purposely pressing against my spot, as he used one hand to steady me, and another to play with my clit. 

"I'm gonna' cum..." It's all I could get out as I felt my body convulsing, only a few minutes into our lovemaking. I've tried to build a resistance to Will, if only so I wasn't always the first to cum, but it's no use. He's not fighting fair. As a reaction to my recent orgasm, I could feel him carefully retracting his tongue out of me. Even that felt amazing. That desperate feeling for Will was reaching its peak. I may have unintentionally let out a small whine or two, as he pulled down his boxers. Fuck. Yeah. He was already hard, as he stared up at me. Not at my face or anything, but he was definitely staring. He bent down to quickly kiss my clit, before he spread my legs even wider. 

By this point, I'd forgotten how to speak in English, so I wasn't saying much of anything. Will was positioning himself, lifting my legs up on either side of him, as he got fully between them. I moaned as I felt the tip of his cock finally inside of me, and nearly lost my voice as he moved all the way inside of me, filling me up entirely. He was moving, steadily, but I knew he wasn't on autopilot. Will had to be careful, or else, his talons might come out, his smoke would definitely show, he'd bite me too hard, he'd hold down my wrists enough to leave a bruise, he'd mindlessly fuck me for a few hours or maybe...he'd go full dragon.

Knowing there was very little chance of the latter happening, I tried to make something else happen. I held onto Will's back, as he moved on top of me, pressing my nails deep into his back. Hard. Very hard. So hard, his natural response to pain might pop up. Or should I say, out? "Stop." Will groaned in my ear, lost in pleasure, but still trying to stay grounded. I didn't stop. In fact, I surprised myself with how deep I could get my nails into him. And...it totally worked! Hard work does pay off! The American dream is real! 

I saw Will's fingers taking their natural talon shape. He let them rest against my thighs, as he continued taking all of me. Eventually, they pressed into my skin, the pain turning into euphoria, his venom being deceptive, tricking my mind into believing what I felt was what I wanted to feel. It was bliss. It was being high. It was me cumming again, getting my wetness all over his cock. I was a fairly obvious cummer. Will smirked down at me, and pressed my legs down, closer to my chest. He was angling himself so he'd be stroking against my g-spot. This was always his revenge for me making his talons come out. If I forced his body to respond against his will, he'd force my body to respond against my will.

As soon as he moved his cock against the spot, I knew it was going to happen. All the conditions were right. My body was over-sensitive, my clit felt amazing, and I was already so wet for Will it was naturally the next step. No matter how many times it happens, though, it always seems like it's unreal. A few more thrusts, and there I was, squirting for Will, getting him and the bed wet with all of my excitement. Fuck. Fuck! Apparently, my own release inspired Will to have one of his own, as he came inside of me, still thrusting to the very end.

His talons disappeared, as he fell down next to me in bed.

"Why do you always want my talons to come out?" He's breathless, but still trying to speak to me.

"Because I like the way they make me feel." I roll over towards him, letting an arm drape across his chest. "And I don't get what the big deal is about them."

"They could really hurt you. If I lost control, if for one second I completely let go—" He stops, mid-sentence, shuddering at the thought.

"Will." I only say his name. He turns towards me, waiting for me to finish my sentence.

"You would never hurt me. Human. Or Dragon." I kiss his lips, briefly, before resting my head on his chest. My eyes are starting to close and my mind is dizzying out to oblivion. I can feel Will gliding his fingertips against my arm, stroking me softly.

"How are you so sure of that?" He whispers, maybe to me, maybe to himself.

"Because I'd sue you. I'd sue the Hell out of you." I respond, groggily, already half asleep. I can feel his chest rising as he laughs.

"There's someone I want you to meet tomorrow, Sam."

I nod into his chest, not having enough energy to even look up at him properly. As I'm drifting off into my subconscious, I think I hear Will saying the word "where"...Where? Where? Where? Why would he be asking for directions right now? 

I suddenly see a full moon behind my eyes. I'm standing alone in the middle of a forest, surrounded by tall trees and wonderfully pleasant, fresh, outdoor air. 

And then I hear the howling.

Momentarily, my eyes fly open.

Shit.

Something hairy this way comes.