 Cleyandra – Age 24, follower of the Goddess Skadi. She is being sent on a quest to find a stolen artifact that was blessed by the Goddess. While she is unwavering in her faith, her traveling companion, Braxlin, will test her to no ends.

Braxlin – Age 27, Believer of the God Ull. He is to accompany Cleyandra on her quest, and protect her.

*

"Please tell me again what you are doing?" asked Braxlin. He was very uncomfortable walking along the dusty road in armor, and no horse for miles. Braxlin was the epitome of gorgeous. Standing at slightly under 5'10, he towered over the smaller Cleyandra. He once again pushed his black hair out of his eyes. It came down to his shoulders, and kept falling out of the tie-back. His dark brown eyes turned to his companion for an answer.

"We are going to recover a stolen item" responded Cleyandra. Cleyandra was less uncomfortable as she was only traveling in the robes of her order, and carried a small bag. She stood at just over 5'1. She had no troubles from her dark brown hair because it was braided around her head in the shape of a crown. As she spoke she turned her hazel eyes to her partner.

"O.K., I understand we are going to recover an item, but why on the Gods green earth, do we have to walk?" Braxlin asked as he looked at his surroundings. They were walking in a valley, and a baron one at that. On both side the mountains rose sharply and very high. The dusty, brown earth seemed to die in front of his eyes. He also studied his traveling partner closely as well. Her small oval face seemed to glow a rosy pink. She also had round, lively eyes that seemed to know what you were thinking. Her full lips looked to be in a permanent smile. She was also athletic, the runner athletic. Muscles in all the right places and soft, smooth curves in others. Her small breasts were firm on her chest, and she had just enough hip to sway when she walked. Her robe seemed to float around her like water. Clinging to her waist one moment then clinging to her legs the next. The soft, almost icy blue complemented her pale, silky skin. If it were not for the braided white belt holding her robe closed, he might be a little happier walking by her.

"We are walking because we are getting horses in the next town, which is at the end of the valley. And if you are quite done analyzing me do you mind doing your job, which is protecting me?" She looked at Braxlin and saw him blush and stutter out an apology. She laughed at his awkwardness, but studied him as well. He had a squared jaw, but still managed to look harmless. His skin was a healthy tan from working in the sun all day. He had large, piercing eyes that seemed to look through any lie. He had not thin, but not large lips that were in a scowl right now, but were soft, and smiling when he was happy. He showed the muscles of a man who worked all his life outdoors. His leather armor was fit against his body, as only well worn armor can, and he carried a short sword, two daggers and a cross bow with 20 darts. She knew he had more, but where he hid them she wasn't sure she wanted to know.

They continued on in silence until they spotted smoke rising from where they were headed. They hurried along the path till they saw where the smoke was coming from. A large bonfire was roaring in the center of town with people dancing around it. 'Of course, it is May day. How could I forget?' She wondered. They marveled at the sight while they made their way down the path to town. People of all ages were in the streets singing, dancing and generally having a good time. Cleyandra walked up to the nearest person and tapped them on the shoulder. "Excuse me, do you know where we can find the stables?" she asked when the person finally turned around.

"Ohhh, aren't you a pretty thing, wanna spend sometime with me before I show you where they are?" the obviously drunk man replied.

"Actually I would prefer to throw myself in the fire if it is all the same to you, now where are the stables?" Cleyandra asked again.

"You know, you're not nice to me, why should I tell you anything?" The man asked, slightly offended, but not quite sure why. He gave a slight yelp in surprise as Braxlin quietly, but swiftly held a dagger by the mans personal areas. "It...It's...around the c c corner" he stammered "but no one is there, the festival will continue for 3 more days. Try the inn at the end of the road." He finished, pointing down to the south end of the street.

"You have been most helpful." Cleyandra replied, pressing a gold marc into the mans hand. She watched his expression change from sourness into joy at having more money to spend on drinks. She watched him swagger off to the festivities before making her way towards the inn. She stopped when she realized that Braxlin was not with her. "Are you coming?" she asked when she turned to face him.

"Not yet, but see me tonight and that might change." Braxlin replied with a wide grin plastered on his face.

"You are so gross" Cleyandra snorted "get your butt over here and haggle the prices of the rooms down with me."

After lowering the prices of the rooms down from an obscene amount of 4 platinum marcs a night, to a more reasonable price of 3 gold marcs, Braxlin and Cleyandra made there way to there assigned rooms. Not surprisingly enough, they were connecting rooms, no doubt a stunt pulled by the inn keeper to get back at them. After entering her room, Cleyandra made a big to-do about bolting her side of the adjoining door. "Oh, how you break my heart!" cried Braxlin, as he stumbled against the far wall, his hand over his heart in mock pain. "Now how am I supposed to sneak into your room tonight and ravish your body?" he whispered devilishly.

"You aren't, that's the whole idea." was Cleyandras answer as she shut her door. She leaned against her door, trying to figure out just what Braxlin saw in her. She wasn't that pretty, in fact there were stunning beauties out at the festival, but Braxlin took no notice. Now, she did admit that while not the best idea, she wouldn't mind at all accepting his offer; but that just wasn't who she was. It had to be the whole package with her, the marriage, commitment and monogamy. She wasn't quite sure that was what Braxlin had in mind. Gods know she wanted a good roll in the hay as much as the next girl and she knew that Braxlin would see that it was very good. But it wasn't enough.

After watching her close the door, Braxlin felt a slight stab of pain in his heart. He didn't love her, that was for sure, because he preferred his women demure, soft spoken and obedient, and Cleyandra was none of these. She was outspoken, forceful, dominant, and independent; and he loved it. He knew that if he was to get anything from her he would have to commit, and he was sure he was not ready for that, nor would he ever be. He enjoyed his time alone, traveling in the woods, miles away from humanity. All he knew was that he enjoyed Cleyandras company immensely, and right now that was good enough. As he walked into his room and shut his door, he plopped down on his bed, and then groaned at the discomfort. Beds should not be made of hay, and then placed on a raggedy wooden frame. 

He wondered what Cleyandra was doing. Was she also on her bed, and if so, what was she doing. He pictured her laying there and untying her robes, letting them slide from her body into a pile under her. With that image, his mind began to picture her with out the clothes. Her small body, flat upon the mattress, arms over her head as she stretched her body out like a cat. Her small, firm breasts feeling the cool air and her nipples hardening against it. She would probably run her hands down her body, following her every curve to search for scratches and bruises. And what fine curves they were. He came to a realization the he was doing nothing but torturing himself when he felt his dick harden under his clothes. 'Damn' he thought 'I really need to get some.'

As Cleyandra threw her bag into the corner, she examined the bed. It had to be the most uncomfortable thing she had ever seen. Even the beds back at her temple were of better quality. True, they were on the ground, but at least filled with wool, not hay. She sat down on the bed, and tried to figure out what to do for the next three days. The festival sounded fun, but her heart wasn't in it. She desperately needed to recover the necklace. The necklace was of great importance to her temple. It bestowed upon the wearer to control the weather of the mountains, mostly the snow, and where it fell. Seeing as how her temple was located at the highest point on Mt. Preais, it was much needed for travel and the trade of goods between the temple and the villages that surrounded the mountain. 

After admitting that she was forced to wait here, and might as well relax a bit, her mind began to wander. What was Braxlin doing? Was he sitting on his bed trying to figure out what to do? Or was he already undressing to change into something more festive. Oh, to see him undressed, it caused her to become aroused. His wide shoulders muscled with the labor of the outdoors. His defined chest and abs strengthened with the rigorous activities that sword fighting demanded. His lean hips leading to his legs that were designed to be on a God. Just the thought of him naked made her shiver in delight. She couldn't help but notice that while thinking of him, she became moist and more then ready for anything. 'If only he wanted more.' she thought to her self.

The knock on the door startled Braxlin out of his very nice daydream. "Some body better be dead." was his statement as he answered his door. He almost had a heart attack staring at the beauty before him. She was dressed in a dress that was hemmed too high and plunged too low to be called clothing. It was a deep blue, like a night sky, and contrasted with her pale skin. Her hair was long and flowing, almost reaching her waist. And her eyes were most captivating as well.

"Well, are you just going to stand there like a lump, or will you escort me to the festivities?" Cleyandra asked. "And please put your tongue back in your head, it is a disturbing sight."

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" Braxlin said when his brain started to function again. "Looking for some fun or just asking for trouble?" he enquired. "You know, if you were not the lady I know you to be, I would think you were out looking for trouble, and wondering why when you know its right here in front of you." He wiggled his eyebrows while grinning.

"Oh please, if all I wanted was trouble I'd be in your room, not dragging your ass out to have some fun." When the words left her mouth, it was all Braxlin could do NOT to drag her in his room and jump her. As it was, he escorted her to the festivities and played the good protector while she proceeded to enjoy her self as much as possible. While on 'duty' Braxlin deterred more then enough men trying to see what was under her clothing while she drank, flirted and generally having a good time. When the party was winding down, Braxlin helped a staggering Cleyandra to her room. She made no protest as he opened her door and proceeded to lay her on her bed. Staring at her figure, he was moved by something greater then lust. He reached down to push her hair away from her eyes when Cleyandra moaned and opened her eyes. She stared up at him, the expression on her face as readable as a book. Lust; pure and simple.

She reached up to him, and tried to pull him down onto her bed. "Cleyandra, you know you don't want this, and you will hate me in the morning if I let you." Braxlin stated as he laid her hand on her stomach. 

"I know what I want, and what I don't want. I want you." She stated matter of factly. "I know that I am not the most desirable person, but I am not that bad, am I?"

"No," murmured Braxlin, "far from it actually. I think you are the most stunningly beautiful person I have ever laid eyes on." And with that he pulled her up and kissed her. It was without a doubt one of the best kisses he ever gave, and received. Her mouth responded to his, softening under his tender lips. With a gentle push of his tongue, he parted her lips and gently tasted the inside of her mouth.

Cleyandra never had a gentler kiss. The man above her knew what he was doing. As she parted her lips, a soft sigh escaped her throat and she raised her hand to capture his hair, and hold his head to hers. Braxlin started to resist, puling his head up, but she would have none of that. With a firmer grip, she pulled his head back down for a fiercer kiss, darting her tongue in his protesting mouth. Finally overcome by his desire he moaned into her mouth and wrapped his arms around her. She responded by pushing her body against his, not failing to note how well they fit. Her hands ran down his back with almost feather light touches, causing his muscles to dance under her fingertips. 

Running his hands up her back, he followed the curve of her spine to the nape of her neck. Breaking the kiss, He used that leverage to turn her head and start kissing her neck. He trailed his lips from one side of her neck to the other, leaving no skin untouched. Her quick intake of breath as his mouth found her ear made him smile as he nibbled on the lobe. Skimming her sides as his hands moved south along her body, he let them rest upon her hips. Gently he laid her down upon her bed and moved one hand to her abdomen, letting it lie there for a moment. 

If she had to wait another moment for him to rip her clothes off, Cleyandra would scream. Try as she may, he just wouldn't make the first move. So she would have to do it. As he laid his hand on her stomach, she pushed him away from her, and started to remove the only barrier between her and his clothes. Watching his eyes widen in shock, she slowly started to slide her dress down.

Watching her start to remove her clothing kicked sense back into Braxlins blood-deprived brain. Quickly he grabbed her hands and stopped her, only to see the look of disappointment cross her face. "Honey, if you go any farther, there might not be a chance for me to stop if you change your mind, and I really don't want you to hate me for it. So I am going to leave, and let you sleep, and hopefully you will thank me in the morning." With that, Braxlin got up and exited her room, shutting the door softly behind him.

'He left, actually turned me down and left.' Was all Cleyandra could think. For a moment she was in utter shock until she gained her senses and almost wept in relief that he didn't allow anything to happen. She knew that she would have major sucking up to do in the morning, but for now she would try and sleep off the drink coursing through her veins.

The following morning both Cleyandra and Braxlin were ill at ease over breakfast. Neither wanted to admit what had happened, but both could not stop the images replaying in their minds eye. "I..." "We..." Both started to talk at the same time. They smiled at each other and blushed.

"Go ahead Cleyandra, ladies first." Braxlin said.

"Well, um, about last night..."

Before Cleyandra could get anymore out Braxlin stopped her with a touch of his fingers to her mouth. "Nothing happened last night. There is nothing to discuss. Ok?"

Cleyandras' heart almost stopped at his comment, but nodded her head in agreement. They finished their breakfast and wandered out side to see what was happening. It was too early in the morning for any thing to be going on, but what stopped Braxlin and Cleyandra in their tracks was the fact that the scene in front of them was exactly what they saw last night coming into town. People were in the streets dancing and more drunk then the night before, which seemed almost impossible. 

The next two days passed almost painfully slow. When the revelries were finally done, Cleyandra decided it was past time to conduct her business and be on her way. Having negotiated upon a rather fair price with the stable owner, she and Braxlin were on their way before noon. "Finally, no more walking. Although I do think I enjoyed it a bit more then you did." Cleyandra said while looking at Braxlin. Seeing the scowl upon his face, she continued. "How were the festivities? I do think that you enjoyed the brew far more then I ever did. I must admit those beds at the inn do squeak rather loudly." She laughed after this last comment.

"Oh, you are evil. Your biggest problem is I got some and you didn't. Plus I can handle my alcohol better." was Braxlins snide response. As soon as the words left his mouth he wished he could take them back, for the look of utter misery upon Cleyandras face broke his heart. "Cleyandra..." he started as she cleared her face of emotion then rode ahead of him. 'Damn' he thought, but didn't she just make a stab at him as well? Women were just too confusing.

'Why did I let him get to me that way? I guess turn about is fair play because I did make a comment as well.' Cleyandra was too deep in thought to notice that Braxlin had caught up with her. While trying to decide if she should apologize or demand that he did, she was startled out of thought as he reached over and touched her. "Damn you, don't you know not to sneak up on me?"

"I am sorry, but you seemed to be doing heavy thinking, and I want to apologize for my comment. I know that you value intercourse too much to take it lightly, and the comment was very out of line. Will you forgive me?" Braxlin looked eagerly at her face awaiting a response.

As Cleyandra looked at Braxlin, she felt a stirring greater then lust, and made a decision. "I will forgive you, if you forgive me as well. I didn't mean to pick at you about your, um, sexual encounters. And I guess the biggest reason that I did poke is because I was jealous." She held her hand up as he started to protest. "No, don't say anything yet. If I do not say it now, I probably won't. Yes, I do wish it was I that you were sharing your bed with, but I do understand that you do not hold the same values about sex as I, so I will not make a comment again, and no, I will not become jealous of it either."

The look she gave him at the end looked to be one of submission, resignment and friendliness all rolled into one. Knowing that she wanted him made Braxlin feel more then lust, and that was highly unusual. "Cleyandra" he said then paused "I do not know how to respond to that."

"Then don't. Pay it no mind and we will continue on as we have before, as friends who are as close as siblings." Cleyandra responded with a bright smile. Deep in her heart she knew it would never be the same, but she would try to keep it that way.

Over the next week they crossed the path of not a single soul. That was an odd fact considering that this was a major road for traveling. Knowing that there was a town about 2 days travel ahead of them calmed Cleyandras fears a bit, but not all together. "All right, that's enough. If you make me ride one more hour I think my horse and I shall faint on you." was Braxlins cry for stopping for the night. 

"All right all right, we will stop for the night. Why don't you go get some wood while I set up camp?" Cleyandra shooed him off before unpacking the tents and blankets. While he was gone, she set everything up. She couldn't help but smell Braxlin on his blankets, and it drove her crazy knowing that she couldn't get any closer then a quick sniff at his bedroll. 'I don't think I will ever get to do what I did in town again.' Cleyandra thought as she laid his bedroll out. 

'Where did I get the idea that it would be O.K. to travel with her?' Braxlin thought, and pondered it while he collected wood. He was stiff from riding, but who wouldn't be for traveling that way for 8 straight hours, not counting the breaks for the horses. Never mind that he wanted to stretch his legs, nooo, it had to wait until the horses needed a break. 'Damn woman will make me crazy in the end.' he thought as he started back to camp. Before entering the clearing where they stopped, he could hear Cleyandra humming to herself. He paused, and quietly moved behind a tree so as not to be spotted. He poked his head around the corner and saw Cleyandra rubbing her horse down for the evening, and noted that his horse was already rubbed and fed. That almost made him feel bad for his earlier thoughts. "Hey, I got a lot of wood, figured we could use it for something or other..." he trailed off as Cleyandra turned around and coldly stared at him. "What?! What did I do now?" Braxlin felt three inches tall under her gaze. 
