 Once Jareth was settled into Cleys' tent, she and Braxlin moved about twenty feet into the woods and talked in low voices. "I do have a right to know where you were tonight because I was grabbed in the woods by someone unknown to me." Cley started the conversation with no subtleties. 

"Attacked? And you didn't see who? It could have been Jareth trying to scare you into his arms." Braxlin was not into having this conversation about where he had been. He didn't think it was anyone's business but his own. But it was a good thing the people never saw his face incase Cley decided to ask questions. 

"Why would Jareth walk around the same tree the mystery person disappeared behind? Kind of obvious don't you think?"

"Maybe that's what he knew you would think. You have been throwing yourself at him all day and he knows how you think now. It sounds like something he would do anyway." Braxlin said.

"Something he would do? How would you know anything that he would do, you wont even talk to him." Cley stated while walking away. She was mad, beyond mad really. There is not a word that could describe her anger at Braxlin.

Braxlin watched her turn around and knew he was in trouble. Deep trouble. There was one way he could fix this, and he would do it no matter what. He walked up to her, grabbed her arm and spun her around. Pulling her to him he kissed her, hard. Cley put her hands up as if to push him away, but wound her arms around his neck instead. 

Cley was pissed. How dare he try and accuse Jareth of that. Her anger was quickly replaced with surprise when Braxlin kissed her, hard. As she put her arms around his neck she decided to make him pay. She ran her hand up the back of his head and toyed with his hair. She ran her other hand down his arm and felt him shudder under her fingertips. Her hand moved back up to his chest and tried to untie his shirt. That wasn't working so she pulled her other hand from his head and worked on the knot she caused a minute ago.

Braxlin was shocked that Cley was untying his shirt. While she was trying to undue the knot, he started to pull one side of her tunic down, exposing her pale, firm breast. His hand moved to toy with her nipple, which caused a sharp intake of breath from her mouth. He gripped it in his hand and squeezed, not for pain, but to let her know he was serious. His other hand plunged into her hair and quickly wound around a few strands and pulled sharply, exposing her neck. Her moan let him know he was doing something right as he kissed and nipped at her neck. He continued down her throat to her breast, licking his way around her nipple before taking it in his mouth and biting lightly. 

Cley could not believe this was happening, she was letting Braxlin expose her; And she liked it. While he was playing with her nipple, which caused her to lose her train of thought, she did remember to continue on the knot. She finally got the blasted string apart and mover her hands inside his shirt. She felt his firm, smooth chest and mover her hands up to his shoulder trying to pull his shirt off. That required Braxlin moving his hand from her hair, which she didn't think would happen.

There was no way Braxlin would relinquish his hold on her now that he had her in his hands. The hand not in her hair moved to her other shoulder and pushed the other side of her tunic exposing her from the waist up. Realizing that he had to use both hands to do what he wanted, he let go of her hair and moved both hands to her breasts. He kissed back up her neck while massaging and playing with her nipples. He finally reached her mouth and the kiss blew his mind. She threw everything into her kiss and he fell into her completely. Maneuvering her back towards a tree, he pushed her up against it and held her there.

He broke the kiss and started moving back down her body. Cley couldn't think of any good reasons not to be there. The things he was doing to her body had to be a gift from his God, nothing on the planet could compare. He had reached her stomach, planting kisses on every inch of exposed skin when she heard it, someone walking in the woods. "Braxlin" she hissed "someone's coming!" She tried to get him to move so she could get her clothing on, but before he could, Jareth walked around the tree in front of her. The looks that crossed his face in the span of one second were shock, lust, and embarrassment. 

Braxlin stood up quickly and turned around, trying to shield Cley from his eyes. "What are you doing here?" Braxlin spat out.

"I was worried. You two have been gone for over half an hour. I wanted to make sure you were all right," he paused and gave Cley a look, something she couldn't catch right away, and continued "but I guess you two are doing just fine." With that he turned around and went back the way he came. 

Braxlin turned around a saw that Cley was dressed now and looking flushed, probably from embarrassment. "Cley..."

"Just go, please." Cley said, not looking up. She heard Braxlin walk away after a minute and sat down at the base of the tree feeling completely, well, she wasn't sure what she was feeling. Not knowing how long she sat there thinking, she realized that the sun had started to set. She got up knowing that she needed to get back to camp, it would be cold soon and the fire should be built by now. 

After walking for about two minutes she was pushed from behind into a tree. With the wind knocked out of her, she forgot to struggle. "How does it feel, knowing that you almost gave into you lust, that you had his hands run all over you" he breathed in her ear while groping her body. He felt her shudder under his fingertips. "You like that don't you?" He whispered in her ear.

"No, you make me sick!" She shot back. "I am shuddering because I want to throw up!"

"Why you little..." 

"Cley? Where are you?" Jareth called. He walked back to make sure she was alright and saw her lying beneath a tree crying. Rushing to her he knelt down "Cley, what's wrong?" He helped her sit up and was thrown off balance when she threw her arms around his neck and cried on his shoulder.