 "Cley, what's wrong, please tell me." Jareth pleaded while holding her. She sobbed harder and his shirt was starting to stick to his shoulder, but right now he didn't care. "Cley, you have to stop crying now and talk to me."

"I don't want to talk, I just want to be held right now." She chocked out between sobs. She wrapped her arms around him tighter and just cried harder. Jareth didn't know what to do so he just held her. He moved around and finally got her on his lap, cradling her like a child, for that's what she was right now, a hurt child. He stroked her hair and whispered in her ear it would be all right. She almost believed him. Almost. "Have you ever been attacked? Besides by that witch you were telling us about?" She looked up at him, almost willing him to tell her no, and she would never be attacked again.

He sighed, knowing he would hurt her in the end. "Yes, I have. When I was 15, I had been given a horse for my birthday. I loved that horse to no end. I brushed him everyday and watched him grow into a fine stallion. What I didn't know was that the man who ran the stable had his eye on me from the time I was 10. He told me, after he had raped me that he had wanted to do that for a long time." He flashed back to that day, talking as he remembered. "I just finished brushing Tonar and was putting the brush away when a shadow fell over me. I turned around and saw him there, watching me. I saw the look in his eyes and was afraid. The look said 'You are trapped, and mine' and I knew there was no way out. I won't go into the details, I can't go into the details, but I will say that I have been carrying scars on my souls for a long time. I couldn't sit for a week when he had finished with me, but he never touched me again."

Cleyandra has stopped crying when he had finished his story and was looking up at him in shock. Her mind was turning over with thoughts of a little boy, hurt and scared, and she wanted nothing more then to comfort him. With resolve in her mind, and a deep sorrow in her heart for the vows she would break, she kissed him, deep and full on the mouth, sliding her hands up into his hair and gripping it in her hands. She felt him tense then relax and pull her deeper into his arms, twisting her so she was straddling his hips.

He knew he would never get another chance to do this again, so he was not turning her down at all. After getting her adjusted on his lap, he moved his hands under her gown and lifted it up over her head, wasting no time with unnecessary pre-games. His hands found her breasts and squeezed with just enough pressure to make her gasp and throw her head back. He bent his head down and kissed her neck, biting softly and leaving little love marks in his wake. He worked his way down to the soft spot between her neck and shoulder and bit harder then before, her sharp intake of breath was followed by a growl of appreciation when he slowly raked his tongue over the same spot. 

Cley was not going to stand by and wait for him to make moves. She unwound her arms from his neck and pulled at his shirt, ripping the buttons off along the way, and pulled it down over his arms, trapping them by his side. She grinned at him and pushed him down on his back, lowering her head and kissing his neck the same way he had done to her. She slid her body down his, trailing kisses on his chest, feeling the way her skin glided along his, like silk along her body. 

He practically tore his shirt of his body to get to her; he just had to touch her. With the determination of a mad man he seized her waist, bringing them face to face again. "You are almost too much to take" he told her threw gritted teeth. Pushing her back onto the ground a little rougher then he meant to, he placed her hands above her head and held them there with one hand. He grazed his other hand down her front to massage her left breast, bringing her nipple to a hard point before moving onto the other breast. She whimpered in protest before he brought his mouth down on her left breast and sucked the puckered skin into his mouth, still stroking the other one with his free hand. She fought to get free, and he pushed down on her wrists harder. Letting go of her nipple, he lightly bit it before moving onto the next one. While his mouth was occupied his now free hand moved down to undo his pants and try to remove them. He got them down his hips and had to stop, he couldn't reach any further. At this point he didn't care, he had to have her. He was pretty sure she didn't want to stop, or she wouldn't have started anything. He got himself between her hips and then things really got hard.

She felt him move between her lags and knew there was no going back. She wasn't thinking with her brain anymore and only felt. Felt the need pool low in her belly, felt the need to finish what she had started, felt an emptiness only he could fill. She shifted her hips and raised them, trying to wrap her legs around his waist. He grabbed her thighs and helped her do just that. Shifting so he was comfortable as well, he positioned himself at her opening, looking into her eyes, asking permission to finish. She looked at him with heated eyes and nodded. He plunged his dick into her pussy and had to be still for a moment for fear of embarrassing himself too early. She was so tight and wet; it almost hurt to move much. Slowly he started pumping in and out of her, hitting her cervix every time.

She was in heaven, he was so large, he touched every part inside her, and parts she didn't know could be touched. Heat and tension started to build low in her body as she kept rhythm with Jareth, her hips rising to meet his with every thrust. He trailed a hand down her chest and across her stomach to settle between her legs, rubbing her clit with light, sure fingers. She knew he was close, she felt him swell inside of her, and secretly it made her glad that he wanted her to cum at the same time. Losing the ability to think, her body took over and thrust up to meet his as hard as he was pushing hers down. All at once coils of tension snapped and her body exploded, her limbs wrapping around him, holding on to the only anchor in the storm. He shoved himself inside her savagely, shooting his sperm deep inside her, still circling her clit, drawing out the orgasm. She finally had to push him off she shook so bad, but it was a very good shake, the tremors of an orgasm she had never felt before.

He rolled off her to lay beside her, dragging her into his arms. "I hope I did not hurt you" he told her quietly after they had caught their breath.

"No, not at all. I think if it had been any better I would be with my Goddess right now. Pleasure like that shouldn't be allowed on earth." She smiled as he pulled her closer and snuggled her head on his chest.

He watched from the trees, seething with something far worse then anger. The stranger had taken what was his, and he could do nothing about it...yet."