 I apologise for the length of this story, it started quite short but over the last year I have been adding and editing it and its grown quite considerably. Please save it to your favourites so that you can go back to it if you don't get to finish it all in one go.

Please let me know what you think by voting on it and leaving comments for me and other readers, all criticism is more than welcome so that I can create better stories in the future. 

I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Lots of Love 

sweet_kitten

xxxx

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Halloween, the night that boundaries between different realms and realities are weakened, when boundaries between good and evil, natural and supernatural become thin and beings or creatures from different worlds can move freely through our world. The gates open for one night a year.

My name is Raven, it's a strange name, my mother named me that the moment she saw my jet-black hair, porcelain skin and dark blue eyes. But I like it, it's unique and well I think it suits me. I had loved my mother dearly, she had raised me alone until she died tragically when I was 10 years old. She was a beautiful woman, like an angel. She had such light blonde hair that it was almost white. In the sun it shimmered like gold and like silver in moonlight, she was quite a petite woman, quite short with modest breasts and a slim waist, she looked so light I used to think she could float away with the wind.

She had loved Halloween, she used to dress me up in cute little witches outfits and take me trick or treating. We'd have our own little party, just the two of us. We carved pumpkins and biscuits shaped like ghouls and monsters, and drinks that were bright green or bloody red. Then, at the end of the day she would take me to bed, tuck me in and read to me about witches and wizards, fairies, elves, angels and dragons until I was sound asleep before she would sneak away out into the night. 

One night I pretended to be asleep and once she had left the room I got up still dressed and followed her as she crossed the garden and headed for the woods. She walked swiftly through the trees like a passing shadow. She reached a little glade lit by moonlight, and surrounded by tall silver birch trees. At one side was a wall of smooth granite rock and a small waterfall which gently tumbled over the edge into a crystal clear pool, a small bubbling brook lead away from the pool, the water sparkling in the silvery light as though a thousand fairies were dancing across the surface before it disappeared from sight into the darkness of the woods. I found a tree quickly and climbed up into the branches. Hidden amongst the foliage, I watched as she took off her clothes and danced naked in the moonlight. I was completely awed by her. I had never seen my mother act like this. 

As she danced her skin gave off a silvery glow, at first I thought that every ray of the moons light had been focused solely upon her as if the moon itself was drawn to her naked beauty, and her young and beautiful body shining was the moons embrace. But the more she danced and the brighter she became, I realised that the light was actually coming from her and not from the moon. Soon she was brighter and more radiant than the lunar orb that shone above her. Her rounded breasts bounced lightly as she leapt from foot to foot twirling and circling, sweeping and swooping her white, blonde hair flowing out like liquid silver behind her lithe form. I could almost imagine tall elegant white wings sweeping out behind her; she was so light on her feet. It was as though those wings had always been there, and although they were there no longer. The memory of them still remained and took form. I watched her transfixed for how long? I couldn't say, a hundred years could have passed and seemed no more than a minute and still a minute could have been an eternity for all I knew, it was as though time itself had changed its course so that it could stop to admire her beauty for itself. 

It seemed that I was not the only one drawn to her. After some time a tall, powerful man with dark brown hair and deep brown eyes stepped elegantly into the clearing; he too was naked and his body was already responding to the sight of her naked beauty, I might have been concerned for her if not for her cry of delight when she saw him. She rushed to him like a child greeting her father and he swept her up into his embrace. He kissed her deeply and drank in her perfume, before setting her back on her feet. She looked up at him momentarily her deep blue eyes sparkling like gems before she laughed and twirled away from him. He followed her taking her hand as they began to dance together in harmony, flesh to flesh, soul to soul. He too seemed magical to me his strength was unmatched as he picked my mother off her feet as though merely picking a flower, he was taller than any man, strikingly handsome, and behind his eyes lurked a danger and power barely concealed. But when he looked at my mother there was only love and passion. Ultimately he pulled her to a stop and kissed her passionately. His hands found her breasts and his cock stood tall and erect. She knelt before him and licked his member taking it into her mouth and caressing it with her tongue, he leaned back with ecstasy as he thrust into her mouth stroking and caressing her hair, her hands wandered down between her legs and she touched herself tenderly, she pulled forward the wetness that was already forming between her legs and rubbed it on her clitoris circling and stroking it with her fingertips, moaning softly around his cock. He lifted her up and laid her down upon the grass where she opened up for him like a flower in bloom. He tasted her wetness licking along her slit and sucking in her clitoris, as his fingers pushed gently inside her. She entwined her hands in his and cried out as she came for him trembling with release her body glowing brighter and more radiant than before. He held her tight and shared her pleasure for a moment calming and soothing her. As the glow began to subside he slipped his cock deep into her and she gasped as he impaled her. The effect was instantaneous. The light brightened and changed colour, lilac and pink hues danced around them as he thrust deeply and rhythmically into her petite body, they moved together with such grace as their dance moments before and as they entwined their bodies the pair began to rise off the floor. As their passion and need deepened the hues grew stronger. Pinks turned to reds, lilacs to violets. They moved faster and faster together, their cries and moans louder and more urgent, their bodies continuing to rise higher and higher into the air. A tension spread out across the glade. I began to feel scared and tightened my grip on the tree fearful of what was to come. And then, with one last loud combined cry the light exploded into a million colours, a multitude of hues you have never seen spread across the glade like a great wave from the ocean glittering and shimmering into the night, in the centre of all this the two figures that had been arched into contortionist shapes folded into each other sweating and panting as they lowered gently to the ground where they lay exhausted in each others embrace. I sat there stunned for a moment. I didn't understand what they had been doing at the time but I had never seen anything more beautiful in all of my short little life. After a brief pause I suddenly came to myself and realised I had better make my escape before they realised that they had been watched. I slipped noiselessly from the tree and ran back to the house, to my room, where I lay in the dark with visions and fantasies of two lovers dancing in the moonlight. Dancing around my head.

I don't remember much of the night that our house burnt down. I had breathed in a lot of smoke in my sleep, which had drugged me deeper into a sleep from which I would never have awoken. I vaguely remember her waking me and wrapping a blanket around my head to keep out the smoke. She was whispering soothingly in my ear to keep me calm but my mind was so dull from the smoke that I hardly heard her as she carried me swiftly out of the house through the heat of the blaze. She laid me sleeping on the cold moist grass safe and secure to be found in a few short hours by the fire brigade who, hours too late had heard of the fire and had come to put it out. By then the house had been raised to the ground and through the coughing fit I had when I woke up with agonising grief, terror and pain I knew my mother was no longer there. It was believed she had gone back into the flames.

Having no other relatives, I went to live with my godparents, they were good and kind to me and I had a pretty normal childhood. I was the strange quiet girl at the back of the class. I was never bullied. Most of the children just avoided me as if I was a bomb about to go off or something. As I became a teenager things changed a little, I developed my mother's slim body, and gained moderate perky breasts. I had never had the heart to cut my hair, which tumbled in loose waves and curls all the way down my back, I loved the way it pretended to be black but when you tilted it in the light it somehow held all the colours of the rainbow. I became a Goth rather unintentionally, just generally preferring dark colours, velvet and lace, and alongside my black hair and black eyeliner, I appeared sultry, dark and mysterious. I became the ultimate trophy girlfriend to the boys at school. I experimented like all the other kids did, in the back of the cinema, the car, yes, even behind the bike shed. But I never let it get out of hand, I desired some of them of course and even wanted to but I felt as though I was waiting for the right time and that it would be something big and important when it did. Some of them however really did not want to take no for an answer. On several occasions I only just escaped with my virginity intact. 

I went through many boyfriends after I left school, but as soon as they realised that they were not going to get laid, they like the rest they either tried to force me or gave up on me. Attempted rape was something I found that I regularly had to deal with in my life and I learned the hard way a long time ago the 'kick 'em in the bollocks and run like hell' routine. So far I had always managed to escape. I had been lucky. But how much longer would my luck last? I began to enjoy the tension, the fear and suspense of it all. I would find myself very damp and horney by the time I'd get home, and would spend the night playing with myself and fantasizing over what could've happened if they had succeeded.

Despite nearly always bringing out the worst in men. I still couldn't resist dressing up. Corsets of satin or red crushed velvet, short skirts, black lace panties and I always felt best in stockings and suspenders as opposed to tights. I felt powerful dressed up and sexy. 

When I was old enough to leave home I moved to the city. On the night of Halloween at the age of 21, I was going to a fancy dress party which was being thrown by the company I was working for; it was held at the office building to cut costs of course, but was actually an ideal venue. A tall office block in the city, the main of our office had all of the furniture pushed up against the walls leaving a good sized room for the party and some of the smaller adjoining offices had been set up for food and drinks. There wasn't much in the lines of security and so, conveniently many of the other offices and darkened rooms on other storeys and down other passageways worked well (if unintentionally) for those who wanted to sneak away to somewhere a little more private.

For my costume I had decided on a seductive little 'fallen angel' outfit, a tight sexy little boned black satin and lace corset with a short shredded effect black skirt showing off my slender, shapely legs in fishnet stockings and heeled knee-high black boots. I finished off my outfit with some cute little black feather angel wings and a fluffy black halo on a wire stick. 

The party was already well underway when I arrived fashionably late by about 2 hours. Grabbing a whole bottle of wine to myself and swigging it straight from the bottle I made my way around the party making polite conversation with colleagues that I didn't particularly like. It was then that I noticed him. I saw him over the shoulder of the girl I had been chatting to. She was obviously oblivious to the fact that I was no longer paying her any attention at all, as she whined on about the latest project she was involved in at work and how they wasn't paying her enough.

He was tall and muscular with luscious jaw length chocolate brown hair, and matching deep brown eyes. He had obviously opted for a devil look as he had two little stubs of horns stuck to his head at the points where his hairline started above his temples and sexy black eyeliner around his eyes. He wore a black shirt the top few buttons sexily open to show a strong masculine chest, and a long black leather trench coat with heavy black leather trousers leaving very little to the imagination and a hint of a promise.

I flushed slightly when I realised he had been looking at me, and over and above the obvious attraction I had to him anyway, the predatory look in his eyes alone made me go damp between the legs. 

I saw the danger there and decided that however gorgeous; he was one to avoid. 

The evening continued and I ended up dancing with a rather unconvincing vampire named Colin, one of the office hunks who preferred to be called Coll (probably because 'Colin' wasn't macho enough for him). Coll had always hit on me since I had started there a year previous. I had always avoided him where possible, as his passes had always been a little too much. But under the influence of wine and hoping to take my mind off of the anonymous devil-mans gaze, I did away with reason and allowed myself to flirt with him. 

We were dancing closer and closer together my face buried in the nape of his neck smelling his cologne, swaying to the music. His hands, which were caressing my back, began to go lower until he was groping my arse. Before sliding down my thighs and up the insides of my skirt, I could feel his hard cock through the fabric of his trousers pushing neatly against my pussy, bumping up against my clit. He was nibbling my neck as his hands rove forward brushing his hands over my thighs and around the small of my back. 

Realising a little too late that this was going too far. I wrenched myself out of his grasp telling him I had to go to the toilet and rushed away to the girl's room, avoiding the devil-mans eyes as I passed. I knew that I'd have to make some kind of reappearance and return to Coll sometime if only to say goodbye, but at least some of the heat would have gone out of the situation before then. I did what I needed to do and splashed some water in my face to cool off before returning. I was a little disturbed to find Coll lingering outside in the corridor, although to my relief devil-man was no where to be seen. 

"Oh, did you need to go too, Coll?" I asked in a friendly manner to hide my surprise and intentions.

"No, just cooling off," He responded mildly although his eyes were burning with desire. 

"Well don't mind me," I said, "I think I'll just go and get something to eat," I was desperately trying to think of ways out of the situation, but his hand reached out and took me firmly by the wrist.

"Why don't you take a walk with me? I could use some company and I haven't had a good chat with you for ages." 

"Err well I..." but he was already pulling me down the corridor behind him "Coll? I really would rather..."

"Don't be silly Raven; I just want to talk with you" but as soon as we had gotten out of sight and earshot of the party Coll's voice had turned cold and menacing. He yanked at my arm and pulled me into a darkened conference room, shutting the door behind him and turning the key with a satisfying click. He grinned a menacing grin pinning me up against the wall, "You've teased me ever since you got here you little slut. I know this is what you want, so do as you're told and you won't get hurt..." his hands were exploring my body as he spoke, "My God! I've wanted you for so long"

"Please Coll, don't. Don't do this!" I begged, but Coll was not listening, with one hand pressing me against the wall his other hand once again started working its way up my skirt, finding the waistband of my panties and pulling them down off of me. I kneed him hard in the groin and he went down gasping for air as I scrabbled for the door. It was locked. "Shit!" I swore, Cursing, I turned around to face him and although on the floor gaining his breath he leered up at me.

"Little bitch, you ain't getting out of this one until I'm finished with you, and you just added some serious payback to that fucking list!" He was trying to pull himself back onto his feet. The chances of getting out of this one were running a little dry, unnerved I turned around and banged on the door hard, screaming for help, but there was nothing apart from the loud music further down the hall. Coll wasn't taking any chances however, and I felt his hands grab me roughly by the shoulders tearing me away from the door, he threw me across the room and my head hit the conference table hard. My vision swam, he started back towards me so I tried to crawl under the table but I was too slow he grabbed my legs and pulled me out from under the table kicking and screaming. Taking a handful of hair he pulled me to my feet and slammed me back up against the wall. There was blood running down the side of my face were I had hit the table and my mind was still groggy, his hand was still entwined painfully in my hair holding my head in place against the wall.

He pressed his mouth against mine and kissed me forcefully and deeply groping at my breasts, with one painful twist he managed to pull them out of the top of my corset, his cruel fingers began to twist my nipples until I cried out in pain. "No Coll, don't do this stop, please!" I persisted. But his response only was to pull me away from the wall and push me on top of the table, climbing up after me. Trapping my leg under one of his and pinning me down with his elbow so that he could still grope at my breasts, his other hand had found my pussy and was rubbing my clit.

"Don't fuck me around bitch your fucking loving this see how wet you are!" My pussy was still wet from the affect of the wine and dancing not from getting the shit kicked out of me. But the bastard had it in his head that I was enjoying it and nothing I could have said right then would have made a blind bit of difference. He took his fingers from my pussy and forced them into my mouth making me taste my own juices, before plunging his hand back down roughly and forcing two fingers into my tight hole and rubbing his thumb to against my clit. Despite myself I couldn't help but gasp, my body was betraying me. "You like that slut? Huh?" He picked up pace working his hand faster he pushed another finger inside me and rubbed at my clit hard. I didn't know whether to cry out in pain or pleasure. The sensation of my pussy and clit being so forcefully stimulated was unbearable and I tried to writhe away. 

It seems that if you rub a clit hard enough and long enough, you can force someone to cum whether they want to or not. Well, it hit me without warning and was so intense it knocked the breath out of me, my back arched and I gasped as my body wracked with tremor after tremor of orgasm. Coll didn't stop there, he took my immobility to his advantage and was unbuckling his jeans his face smug with his success at making me cum. I gained my breath back and tried to reason with him. But things were looking bleak. Was this it? Is this how it was going to be? with some crazed drunk co – worker in an abandoned office at the Halloween party? I hoped not and I was going to do all I could to prevent it.
