 Chapter 02

The family secret is revealed

All Characters are over 18 years of age. Suggestions? Leave me a message. Thanks to those who help me with my story. 

*

Vanessa felt warm, safe, loved. She stirred and awakened to find her body wrapped in the soft embrace of her Great Aunt Natasha. Without opening her eyes, Van knew that both of them were naked. She felt the warm smooth caress that only comes from direct skin-to-skin contact. 

"Morning, darling," Natasha said while yawning. "How are you feeling?"

"Good...fine."

Vanessa rolled away from Natasha and padded to the bathroom to empty her bladder. Moments later Natasha joined her to brush her teeth. Then the two women exchanged places and activities.

"That must have been some dream last night," Natasha said.

A vivid memory of the orgasmic dream flashed through Vanessa's mind. She blushed and lied answering, "Ah . . . I don't remember it."

The two naked women stood side-by-side facing the large mirror as they went about their morning routine. They preened and primped preparing for the day.

Vanessa was slightly taller at 5' 6" and much younger with all that that entails: dark brown hair vs. gray and a toned fit body vs. a certain overall sagginess that comes from losing the battle against time and gravity. They also displayed differences not unexpected for having grown up in different eras. Natasha had a full bush and one piercing in her ears. Van was completely shaved below and had multiple piercings in her ears and one through her navel.

Seeing them together, you would guess that they were related. They had the same light blue eyes and a slender yet womanly body. While the locations of the women's breasts were different, the boobs were identical in one aspect. Each had large dark red, thick, rubbery nipples. 

"I see that you weren't lying yesterday when you told my mom you had seen nips like mine before," Vanessa said.

Natasha grabbed both of her breasts and pointed her large blood-red nipples at Vanessa. She laughed and said,

"Yes, we could be twins." 

She released them and her droopy boobs fell quickly. They jiggled about.

"So that is what I have to look forward to," Vanessa said in a teasing manner.

"Yes dear," Natasha chuckled. "Gravity and destiny are two forces that cannot be denied." 

Natasha playfully grabbed the younger woman around the waist and spun her around. She also turned so both now stood with their backs the mirror. Natasha smacked Vanessa hard across her bare bottom causing Vanessa to shriek with surprise.

"We have one more thing in common," Natasha said proudly. "We have the famous family caboose. The lucky women in our family inherit this slightly plump, heart-shaped ass; a bumm that for thousands of years has been driving men and gods crazy."

Vanessa giggled. The two of them did have similar keisters.

"Isn't Aunty N right? Boys like big boobs, but they love a fine derriere."

Natasha tickled Vanessa's butt and the back of her thighs hounding her,

"Right? Right? Right?"

Vanessa giggled and swatted at the hands of her tormentor. Finally giving in she said loudly,

"YES. Yes. You are right."

Dorothy, who had been sitting quietly in the kitchen drinking coffee, was drawn by the sounds of laughter and joined the two nude women in the bathroom.

"What's going on with you two?" Dot asked.

Vanessa could not respond she was laughing so hard. 

Then suddenly Van's laughter ceased. 

There . . . there in the mirror where her Aunt's reflection had been appeared the image of a beautiful young woman. It was woman about Van's age one with a fine, firm body and lustrous raven hair. Vanessa's mouth fell open and she stared at the sight. Dorothy too saw the image. It stopped her in her tracks.

Natasha noticed the change in Vanessa and followed her gaze to the image in the mirror. She said,

"Fear not. Your eyes are not playing tricks on you. The reflection is of me many, many years ago."

"But how? What's going on?" Vanessa inquired.

Vanessa turned to her Aunt and saw an old woman. When she turned to the mirror she saw a pretty young maiden. Natasha said, 

"My foe torments me. Every day she reminds me of how young and beautiful I once was and am no more. It is my lot in life."

"Your foe?" 

Vanessa asked as if speaking to a mental deficient person. She ran her hand across her stomach. She was feeling queasy. 

Dorothy was stunned too. She gripped the doorway. Were it not for its firm support she would have fallen.

"Yes our foe. Our family's enemy, Hera," Natasha answered blandly as if having a family enemy was commonplace.

Vanessa doubled over in pain. Her insides felt like they were on fire. Natasha rushed to her side and guided her to the edge of the big tub. Dot too moved in her daughter's direction, her maternal instincts overriding her sense of confusion. 

"Aw Sweetheart," Natasha said. "You are having another attack. There, there. Let me run you a bath and I will tell you a story. It is time the two of you heard the fantastic story of your family. Did you know you were a descendant of a mighty King and Queen? "

Natasha ran a bath, tossed in some bath oil and the two slid into the warm, foamy water. Dorothy already dressed in her smart St. Johns suit lowered the lid on the toilet and sat down to listen. Natasha sat in the back of the tub and had Vanessa sit up against her. Natasha put her arms around the young woman. She pulled on Vanessa's long nipples and massaged her clitoris. Her actions eased the pain Vanessa was feeling. While Van felt better, her mother now was the one feeling queasy as she watched her child being masturbated. 

"How shall I begin . . . it is a quite a tale," Natasha pondered. "First every word is true. Vanessa you are the chosen one. Your time has come. The pain that wracks your body is preparing you to take my place. Whenever, you find my story unbelievable just focus on the pain in your belly. The story I am telling you is as real as that burning feeling inside you." 

Natasha turned to Dot and said, "Dorothy, you may have doubts about what I am about to say, but you have no doubts about your daughter. You can see the changes taking place and the pain she is experiencing. I hope these factors help you to believe because you to have an important part to play in saving our family."

Natasha pinched and tugged on Van's aching nipples comforting her grandniece. She began her tale.

"You are a daughter of King Haemus and Queen Rhodope. Great rulers of Thrace a long, long time ago. Well before that Nazarean, Jesus the Christ, walked this earth. This was back when the gods took a more active role in this world. Our ancestors were strong, intelligent and beautiful, but not without their faults. These two were vain and haughty and made the mistake of comparing themselves to the king and queen of the gods, Zeus and Hera. For their brazenness, Zeus punished them. He changed them into mountains. Even today, parts of the Balkan Mountains are still called Haemus Mons and Rhodope Mountain."

Vanessa let her head roll back on Natasha's shoulder. She told herself, "Right. Whatever. Just keep pinching and stroking the pain away." She shifted her ass in the tub giving Natasha better access to her throbbing clit. 

Natasha continued,

"You come from strong stock. Most families would be paralyzed with fear after having angered the gods and having been punished so severely, but not your family. Helen, Rhodope's mother, and Synphona, Rhodope daughter, wanted revenge upon Zeus. A difficult task for a human since no mere mortals can hurt a god.

"The two headstrong women were persistence. They prayed and sacrificed to the other gods for days asking for revenge, but to no avail. Finally, in frustration they pounded the ground and cursed Zeus. That got them the response they sought. Hades, the mighty ruler of the underworld, came to them. He was always looking for ways to get back at his brother. He was still jealous that Zeus had dominion over the surface of the earth while Hades only had the dead and the dark underworld. 

"Hades said to them, 'Is it not true that there is no greater misery for a man or a god than to have an unhappy wife? The world knows that Hera is a very jealous woman and that Zeus has a weakness for beautiful women. If Synphona could catch Zeus's eye and birth a bastard child, Hera would make Zeus pay dearly.'

"The two women shivered in fear being in the presence of a god. They lost their resolve and no longer had the bravo to even think about taking revenge upon Zeus. Hades sensed this. He said, 'You can do this. Synphona is young and pretty. She could seduce Zeus. But of course it is risky. For risk there must be reward . . . more reward than just you settling a score with Zeus. I am the god of the underworld and all it contains and that includes precious minerals like gold. I will give you a mine where you will find an abundance of gold.' 

"Now," Natasha continued, "That got Helen's attention. But of course there was a catch. With gods, there is always a catch. Hades was marriage to Persephone and had no children. Hades said, 'I will require that you give the child to me because I am without any. I will let him live in the light among men. It will be enough for me to know he is mine.' Seeing them hesitate, Hades upped the offer. 'Your gold mine will be fruitful for 100 years. Present me with another offspring sired by a descendent of the original bastard and your family and I will make your children's children wealthy with an abundance of gold for another 100 years.' Hades promised to do this for eternity.

"A pact was made and the women went about trapping Zeus," Natasha paused. She looked at her audience. Dorothy was listening intently. Vanessa . . . well, Vanessa was present. Her eyes were closed, her body limp. Natasha addressed her to be sure she was taking everything in. 

"Vanessa, dear. You already know how it happened. You saw it in your dream. The intoxicating man that made love to you was Zeus. Remember the pleasure of his company? All goes well until the damn cattle stampede. Cattle are a favorite animal of Hera. Hera was signaling to her husband that she knew he was being unfaithful. That is why he suddenly stopped fucking you. His lust was overcome by his concern about what Hera would do. To spare himself the worst of her anger, he relived himself in your ass. Remember?"

Vanessa responded weakly. "Yes. The powerful man gave it to me in my ass. I came so hard." 

Natasha was satisfied that Vanessa was listening. However, she realized that Vanessa was unable to pay attention much longer so she gave the two women a condensed version of the ending.

"The coupling did not go exactly as our ancestors had expected. The plan to produce a bastard was in jeopardy. Helen was furious that she would not get the gold and get her revenge so she sucked Zeus' semen out of her daughter's ass and transported it to Synphona's vagina. Syn got pregnant. Our family got its sweet revenge and a goldmine. Hades got a half-god/half-mortal to nurture. Oh and yes, Zeus caught hell from Hera."

Natasha hands were hurting and cramping from all the pulling, pinching and rubbing. She grabbed a hair brush and used its bristles to scratch Vanessa's red nipples. The rough treatment eased Van's pain. Natasha continued,

"So that is our story. We are a family that angered the thrower of lightning bolts. With the help of his brother, we got a measure of revenge and a goldmine to boot. So where does that bring us? Dears, the 100 years are up again. Vanessa, you are to birth Hades a son. Your body is readying itself for your destiny. "

"Wait," Dorothy interrupted. "Why must we? Can't we just let this . . . this . . . tradition end?"

Natasha turned to Dot and said,

"Yes. If we fail to give Hades a child the pact is broken. "

Vanessa's gut was a source of excruciation pain. She began to whimper. Natasha stopped rubbing the hair brush bristles across her nipples. She took the thick handle of the brush and plunged it in and out of Vanessa's vagina. Vanessa sighed with relief and said in a breathy voice,

"Ahhh...yeah. that's better. Okay so no more gold. We go to work."

Natasha explained, "Ladies, it is not that simple. Yes, we can stop and forfeit the gold, but there is the matter of Hades' children. He only allows them to live in the light while we kept our part of the bargain. As a warning to us, he already has started recalling some of them to the underworld."

Vanessa arched her back, her body spasmed. Natasha increased the speed of the hair brush handle. In and out became in-out, in-out, in-out. 

"Ugghh!"

Vanessa cried out involuntarily. She thrashed about in the tub orgasming. Water splashed out of the tub. Dorothy tried to look away, but she was mesmerized by the sight. Suddenly she felt flush. Natasha held her grandniece as the young woman came down from her orgasmic high. 

Natasha explained, "The gods are strict and unforgiving. Vanessa, you know that your cousin Esmeralda of Argentina died 3 months ago?"

Vanessa nodded. She had never met her, but had heard about it. "Yes, so sad. During childbirth . . ."

"Yes a tragedy," Natasha said, "she and the child were lost. A terrible lost to her immediate family and to all of us. She originally was the chosen one . . . the one to provide a son for Hades. When she failed, the goldmine stopped producing, but more important Hades began demanding that his sons join him in the darkness. One person a month leaves our world. So far Pierre of France, Klaus of Bavaria and Logan from Canada have joined him in the underworld. Never to be seen by us again."

Natasha had Dorothy and Vanessa's full attention now. There had been a spate of accidents recently that claimed some of the men in the family.

Natasha continued, "He will recall them all. He has that right. Our great family will be decimated. The best among us taken. We must find a descendent of Zeus to sire a child for Hades. The clue was in your dream. Tell me everything you remember about your dream lover."

Vanessa was in shock. This story was so fantastical. Natasha stopped mauling her grandniece's nipples. Vanessa was practically brought to tears she missed the soothing effect of Natasha's pulling and pinching. Vanessa squeezed her own nipples hard seeking relief. Natasha waited. 

Vanessa whimpered. Natasha inserted the hair brush handle into Vanessa and gave her a few vigorous, pain relieving thrust and then stopped. Vanessa was desperate for relief. She gathered herself and then spoke,

"Umm...It is as you said. The man is big, strong and handsome. He had a power over me . . ."

"Yes, Vanessa. Go on," 

Natasha encouraged her niece to continue. The brush handle was once more moving back and forth in Van's vagina. 

"A sign. A symbol. There is always a way to identify Zeus."

"A symbol? I don't remember seeing a tattoo or a birthmark," Vanessa answered. She struggled trying to remember the details of her dream.

Natasha tried to help her. "All the gods have certain symbols that are associated with them. Zeus' reflect his power and position. The symbols of Zeus are the scepter, the throne and the thunderbolt. Zeus' tree is the mighty oak and his sacred animal is the eagle."

Van answered excited, " I remember seeing a lightning bolt."

"That's it, dear!" Natasha kissed Vanessa on the back of her head. "My mission was to find the image of a throne on a man's foot. I can tell you, I had to do a lot of bowing and scraping to find the right man! "Natasha laughed and then said, "The lightning bolt image is how we will know your man. Where was it?"

Vanessa answered, "He had a vein in the shape of a lightning bolt on the top of his cock."

Natasha sighed, "Ahh, the gods never make it easy. For Esmeralda, I brought in a doctor to give every man a physical. We had to find a scepter on the inside of their thigh. I doubt if Dr. Marvin Weinstein would be willing to give the guys a handjob to find this lightning bolt."

"How does knowing the sign help? After a couple of thousand years, there must be thousands of descendants of Hades' first son," Van asked.

"The gods make things difficult, but not impossible. We have kept the descendant of the bastard close to us by intermarrying with his line. He is someone you are closely related to. A grandfather, a sibling. No further away than a first cousin."

Dorothy piped up, "So that is why you insisted on a family re-union this trip."

Vanessa asked rhetorically, "I'm expected to hook up with a relative? Maybe my brother or father or 1st cousin and have a kid?"

Dorothy and Vanessa looked at Natasha in shock as they finally understood the situation . Natasha climbed out of the tub and stood before them dripping and naked. She said, 

"Vanessa must find her lover and deliver a son to Hades. Then I can leave this world and Vanessa will take my place as the head of the family. Vanessa you are my sole heir and our family's only hope. "