 All Characters are over 18 years of age. Suggestions? Leave me a message. Thanks to those who help me with my story. 

*

The next day Natasha, Dorothy and Vanessa sat in the suite having coffee. In front of them was a list with 12 names. The names were all of close family members. These were the men who might play the role of Zeus and impregnate Vanessa.

Vanessa said sheepishly, "Oh good. Only one of my brothers made the list."

Natasha said, "All the candidates must be over the age of 18 so your younger brother does not qualify. That leaves your maternal grandfather, your father and his three brothers. You older brother, Johnny and six first cousins."

"I can't do it, " Vanessa began to cry. " I can't have sex with any of these men."

Dorothy put her arm around her weeping daughter. She looked at Natasha and asked, "Is this really necessary?"

Natasha said, "Life is hard. The gods are demanding and unforgiving. Inaction will not just cost us our wealth, it will cost all of these men their lives."

Natasha reached over and lifted the head of Vanessa so she could look her directly in the eyes. Natasha explained, 

"Hades already has called some of your distant family members to the underworld. The process is going to speed up now that you have been called. One of the men on this list will die today and another tomorrow and another the next day. This will continue until they are all dead or you have identified your "Zeus" and re-enacted the event." 

Dot and Vanessa were stunned. 

Dorothy asked, "This is so unbelievable. If . . . if we actually find the right person, how are we going to get them to . . . to have sex with Vanessa?"

Natasha responded, "How does any woman bed a man? She uses her feminine wiles."

Dorothy said, "You can eliminate my husband from the list. He does not have a lightning bolt on his . . . his penis."

"He may not have had one yesterday," Natasha said, "But it could be there now. Just as Vanessa has recently undergone a change so has the Zeus stand-in. Everyone on the list must be inspected."

Addressing Vanessa Natasha said, "Are your breasts feeling better, dear?"

"Yes."

"Then your transformation is complete. Your body has been prepared to carry a Demi-god. You will no longer experience the pain you felt before," Natasha said.

There was a loud knocking sound and all eyes turned towards the door. Natasha opened it. Vanessa's cousin Charlie rushed into the room and announced, 

"Uncle Ted has had a heart attack. He's dead!"

"It has begun. Now there are 11,," Natasha said solemnly to Dot and Vanessa.

Addressing their visitor Natasha said, "Come here child. You don't look well."

Charlie responded, "I'm okay . . a little out of breath because I ran here."

Natasha had a concerned look on her face. She brought a hand to his brow. "Dear you're warm. Here sit." 

Natasha directed him to sit on the sofa. Then she had him swing his legs around and recline.

"Vanessa, be a dear and bring me a damp wash cloth for Charlie."

"Really Aunt Natasha, I'm fine," Charles said.

Natasha ignored his remark. She peered into his eyes. She examined his face and neck. She said, "Let me have a good look at you." Natasha unbuttoned his shirt.

Van returned with the towel. Natasha placed it on Charlies' forehead and folded it down so it covered his eyes. "Rest boy," She instructed him.

Speaking to Vanessa she said, "Vanessa look at these spots." Natasha ran her hand across Charlies' chest and stomach. 

Charles attempted to sit up. He removed the damp cloth and said, "Spots?"

Natasha gently pushed him back down and replaced the cloth blocking his vision again. "It may be nothing to worry about, Charlie. Humor me."

Natasha grabbed Vanessa's hand and guided it across the boy's stomach. Together, they pressed here and there. "This is his stomach and here is his liver. I am concern about how his spleen feels," Natasha said.

Vanessa had a perplexed look on her face. She wondered what was going on. Natasha mouthed to her "Play along."

Van said, "Oh. Oohh . . . I see what you mean."

Natasha unbuckled Charles' belt and unzipped his pants. Charles protested. "What are you doing? Hold on."

Charlie was suddenly nervous and embarrassed as their inspection was nearing his privates. He was a virgin. No woman had ever touched his junk. 

Natasha dismissed his concerns. Speaking sharply to him she ordered,

"Charles, lie still. This is for your own good."

Then she directed Vanessa, "Dear, check his bowels."

Vanessa rubbed her hand across his abdomen. "Uhmm . . . This might be something," she said tentatively. Vanessa looked up at Natasha. Natasha mouthed "Check him."

When Vanessa stared at her blankly Natasha mouthed the message slowly "Check his penis."

Vanessa understood, but was too shock to do so. This was her favorite cousin. They had grown up together. She could not bring herself to grab his dick.

By this time, Charlie had developed a full blown erection. At the beginning of the examination, he was too nervous to get one. Even when the touch of the two women began to feel good, he blocked it by telling himself "Control yourself, this is my buddy Van and for goodness sake Old Moneybags". But as the touching and rubbing got closer and closer to his genitalia, his body stopped listening to reason. It responded to the pleasurable physical stimulation. 

Natasha grew impatient with Vanessa's lack of action. She grabbed the boy's erection and fished it out of his boxers. She stroked the beast as together Vanessa and Natasha inspected the cock. It was hard, a decent size, veined, but not in a lightning bolt pattern. 

Charles was enjoying the hand-job. It felt so much better than masturbating. Six strokes into their inspection, Charlie erupted spewing cum all over Vanessa. Her close quarter inspection of his cock earned her a splat in the eye.

"Ahh,my eyes!" she screamed.

"Uggg . . . God! Ahh . . . Sorry!" Charlie exclaimed.

Vanessa staggered backwards taking another shot to the face and one to her chest. Charlie lurched upright in orgasmic bliss. The washcloth dropped from his eyes and he was astonished to see his cousin covered with spunk and to discover that it was Old Moneybags who had jerked him off.

Dorthy could not stop herself. She burst out laughing.

Natasha milked his prick until the boy had spent his load and calmly said, 

"There. There. Accidents happen. Vanessa why don't you clean yourself up in the bathroom."

Natasha wiped Charlies' spent penis with the fallen washcloth and said, " Charles that was prove positive that everything is all right. You can dress and go."

She smiled at him sweetly. Charles bolted out of the room.

Natasha went to the bathroom and found a topless Vanessa washing the stain out of her shirt. Natasha noticed that Van's breasts did indeed look better. Vanessa still had large, dark red nipples, but they did not look inflamed like before.

"Vanessa, I know you have seen a penis before. You are going to have to get over your unwillingness to check out the cocks of your family. There are 10 potential candidate that must be examined. Any delay on your part means another death."

"I know . . . I know." Vanessa sobbed so hard her tits bounced about. Natasha understood better than anyone the difficult task ahead for this young woman and hugged her tight. 

Dorothy, Natasha and Vanessa had lunch on the balcony of Natasha's suite. At the end of the meal, Natasha said,

"Here is the plan." 

Natasha looked from Dot to Van as she explained.

"Today at 2:00 o'clock there is an event that all the candidates will attend. They think it is a bawdy vaudeville party. I have hired some strippers to come in to entertain them. They will be suitably attired to excite the men. You will be similarly dressed so that you fit in."

"Dressed how?" Dorothy asked. 

She was nervous about her appearance. Dorothy had been as slim as Vanessa when she was in her twenties. Over time she had gained weight. The slender girl had blossomed into a fuller figure forty-three year old MILF. Where Dot saw extra weight, the world saw sexy curves. 

Natasha grasped Dot's hand and re-assured her. "My dear you have a lovely womanly figure. My goodness, look at you. You have a full chest and a nice round bottom. Who cares if you have added a few pounds . . . they all went to the right places." 

Natasha continued, "The girls have been told that they can strip and dance, but no sex. In this highly charged sexual environment, I am sure you two can search out and identify the man we need. Are you ready for this? It may involve kissing, touching, a blow job or two? " Natasha looked at them questioning.

Both Dorothy and Vanessa found those actions unsettling. Vanessa said,

"I am not looking forward to any of that, but it is better than the alternative . . . having people I love die."

Dorothy nodded agreeing with that statement.

"Exactly," Natasha said. "Keep that in mind and you will get through this. I have bought you disguises. I suggest you also alter your voices to keep anyone from recognizing you."

Vanessa said, "How about we speak in a thick southern drawl. I used one in school when we put on "Gone With the Wind"?"

"Fine," responded Dorothy. 

Natasha said, "Now go you two and get into your costumes."

Mother and daughter retired to the spare bedroom and found bags. Each sack contained a blonde wig, high heels, a rhinestone covered G-strings and a feather mask that covered most of their face.

The women stripped and in silenced got dressed. Vanessa looked super-hot in her outfit. Dot said, 

"You look so sexy. I am not sure I can pull off the blonde fantasy look." 

Dorothy started laughing as she tried in vain to tuck her untrimmed black pubes into her G-string. Vanessa laughed watching her mother fight the losing battle. Vanessa said, 

"Sorry for laughing Mom. I think you need to step in the bathroom and fix that."

"How? I have never done . . . anything down there."

Van giggled and said, "Ahhh, yeah I could have guessed that. Want me to trim that for you?"

"I guess . . . Yes please."

The topless women kick off their hooker shoes and went into the bathroom. Dot looked at her boobs in the mirror.. They were a nice size. To her dismay, they sagged a bit. Her nipples definitely had a southern tilt. Dot looked at her daughter's young, firm breasts. Vanessa's nipples sat up perky and proud. Dorothy said,

"You're so beautiful. The guys will probably laugh at my saggy old tits."

"Ahh Mom, don't worry. You are still pretty hot stuff. From the noises I here at night, Dad still enjoys hitting it." Van laughed.

Dorothy blushed learning that her kids had heard her and her husband having sex. However, her daughter's statement did make Dot felt better about her body because what her daughter said was true. Her husband did still find her sexually attractive.

Van said, "Take off your bottoms and have a seat on the edge of the tub." 

Vanessa left to borrow some scissors and a razor from Natasha.

"What? You couldn't find a weed wacker? " Dorothy said when her daughter returned.

The two shared a laugh and it relieved the awkwardness of the situation. Van bent down between her mother's legs and snipped away with abandon. Hair flew everywhere. She trimmed off as much as she could.

"If I shave the outside edge of your bush you should be able to wear the G-string. Or do you want the full treatment like me?" 

Vanessa pulled her G-string to the side and showed her mother her smooth, sleek, hairless pussy.

"Well . . . in for a penny, in for a pound," Dot paused a beat and then added, "You think this will help your father find my clit?"

"Mom!" 

The two of them broke up and laughed more. Vanessa added, "Well, it worked me. Some boys are hesitant to eat what they can't see," Vanessa said smiling and blushing. 

Now it was Dot's turn to shriek. "Vanessa! Too much information."

When the laughter stopped, Vanessa sprayed shaving cream over her mother's remaining pubic hair. Then she went to work diligently shaving her bare. They just barreled through the most embarrassing moments like when Van had to tug on her mom's vaginal lips and when Vanessa had her mom flip around and get on her hands and knees so Van could shave the stray hairs around her Dorothy's asshole. 

Dot washed herself in the bathtub and fingered her bare snatch. She complimented her daughter,

"Wow Vanessa. This is so soft, so smooth. Thank you."

"You have a beautiful pussy, Mom." Vanessa said. Van reached out and caressed her mother's petite lips. "Like a flower," she added.

Natasha walked in carrying two red vinyl coats. She said,

"Time to go. Here are raincoats for you to wear so you sexy women don't get attacked on the way to the party."

Dot and Vanessa guiltily snatched their hands off Dot's shaven pussy. Natasha noticed and said,

"That's a nice touch Dorothy." 

Dot shimmied into her G-string. Mother and daughter put on the raincoats and left for the party.

Dot and Van entered the rented private room. They saw the men sitting at small tables gathered around a stage. Four women moved among the ten men flirting and getting them drinks. An Asian beauty performed on stage dancing suggestively. All the women wore high heels and glittering G-strings and nothing more.

One of the servers, a tall redhead, spotted them and came up to them. "Hello, my name is Flame. I was told to expect two pros. You are going to do the friction dances in the Champagne Room?" 

"Huh? Pros? " Vanessa said confused. 

Dorothy piped up going heavy with the southern accent, "Yes, that's right. Let the men get a little drunk and a little worked up by your party girls and then send them our way."

"Ok, your room is over there. Start sending them in 20 minutes?"

"That should be fine," Vanessa said remembering this time to use her southern accent.

Vanessa and Dorothy quietly settled in the back of the room. The men had drinks and watched the strippers dance. One woman with a bright smile and surgically enhanced tits took the stages and began telling jokes.

"So why is a vagina just like the weather? When either is wet, it's time to go inside."

"Why do women have vaginas? So men will speak to them!"

"What do you call the space between the vagina and the arsehole? A chinrest, of course"

"What do you call that useless flesh around a vagina? Give up? A woman!" 

"Final question. What's the definition of a vagina? Why it's the box a penis cums in, of course!"

The men were roaring with laughter. Dot and Van guffawed at the silly one-liners too. The jokester smiled and said, "I'm glad you liked my jokes. The Champagne room will be opening soon."

Flame waved to Dot and Van and mouthed "Ready?" Dorothy responded with a nod. She and Van went into the Champagne room. Inside they found a couch, two upholstered chairs and a side table with beer and champagne on ice. 

Dot and Van barely had time to get their bearings before two of the cousins, Samuel and Steven, were escorted into the room by the Asian dancer. "Here you go, gentlemen. Enjoy." She said with a wink and a smile before leaving the room.

Sam, the more daring of the two, said, "Hello ladies. What are you hiding under those raincoats?"

"Wouldn't you like to know," Vanessa responded nervously. She almost forgot to use her southern accent.

"Yes," Sam said moving her way. He boldly undid a button of her PVC raincoat and then another and then another. First the top of Vanessa's breasts came into view. He did not stop until her dark red nipples were exposed. Steven watched nervously.

"Woah! Look at that Steven. Now that's a nipple."

Dorothy tried to regain control. In her syrupy Southern voice, she ordered the boys, "Have a seat you two. How about something to drink? Beer? Champagne?"

Dorothy was able to steered Steven to one of the chairs. He sat and quietly said, "I'll have a beer."

Samuel said, "I know what I want." He grabbed Vanessa around the waist and sat down on the sofa pulling her down on to his lap. He quickly snaked a hand inside her coat and groped a breast. 

Vanessa let out a yelp. "Hey! That hurt. Not so hard."

Sam released her bosom, but not before pinching her over-sized nipple.

"What's your name, darling?" he asked.

Vanessa stared at him tongue tied. Dorothy jumped in and said in her best southern accent, "My name is Candy and she is Destiny."

"Destiny, I like that."

"Thanks," Vanessa replied.

"What's my destiny?" Sam asked. He moved his hips rubbing his hard-on against Van's butt.

"I think you two are going to get lucky," Dot said. She took off her coat and shook her bare tits at her nephews. 

Dorothy got down on her knees in front of Steven and said, "Destiny, let's see what these men are packing." Dot smiled up at Steven and reached for his zipper. Seeing a topless woman at his feet so confound Steve that he spilled his beer. 

Dot rolled with it and said, "I guess I am going to have to get you out of these wet clothes."

Vanessa also knelt on the floor. Sam quickly dropped his pants. He shoved his hard dick into her face.

"Open baby." He said as he pressed the tip of his cock against her mouth. Van opened her mouth to object and Samuel shoved his erection in. 

Vanessa gagged. Sam grabbed the back of her head and he fucked her face. He also gave her some advice.

"Don't fight me. Go with the flow, babe. Yeah that's better. Suck it!"

Dorothy was busy getting to know Steven.

"Candy wants a big hard dick. Let me see what you have in those boxers," Dorothy said play acting. She was surprised when she pulled out a whopping 8 inches of human steel. 

"Candy likes," Dot slobbered. For the first time in her life, her lips touched a penis. She kissed the teenage cock marveling at its length and thickness. She caressed it. Steven smiled a goofy smile. 

Dorothy stoked Steven's cock and inspected it top and bottom. She saw no lightning bolt, but she did like what she saw. She wrapped her lips around it and savored its warmth, its size, its hardness for a couple of minutes before it exploded and shot an unbelievable amount of cum into her mouth. She gagged. Dot pulled it from her mouth and stroked the boy directing the rest of gooey mess onto the floor. 

Vanessa was an experienced cocksucker. She had always enjoyed going down on her boyfriends. However, she was not enjoying Samuel one bit. He was treating her roughly. He held her hair was so tightly, that she was not able to get free of him. Her eyes showed the fear her voice could not express. Unfortunately, Dorothy was so intrigued by Steven's magic stick that she did not notice that Van was in distress.

Flame had been paid a nice amount to set this event up. She peeked into the Champagne room just to make sure everything was going well. She had hopes of getting a big tip. Flame saw that the younger girl was being abused. She was not surprised, it happens in this profession. She burst into the room and said, 

"Hey Stud."

Flame reached out and touched Samuel's face. When he made eye contact she said, "I want some of that." Flame rubbed her breasts against his arm. Sam reached for her letting go of Vanessa's hair. Flame nuzzled his neck and stroked his cock.

"Mmm. This is a nice one," Flame said.

Vanessa was relieved to be free. Her jaw and throat hurt. The bastard had abused her. Vanessa coughed and cried.

Dorothy was finished with Steven and turned to see what was happening. She saw Vanessa crying. She went to her side and said,

"Are you ok? "

"He was hurting me, but I'm okay now."

"I never liked him," Dorothy said adding, "Is he the one?"

"I didn't get a chance to look. He shoved his dick in my mouth so quickly."

"I'll check."
