 Mom & daughter must check cocks

All characters are over 18. Enjoy. 

*

Dorothy and Vanessa stood side by side in the bathroom of the Champagne room. Both stared into the mirror deep in thought. Dot re-applied her lipstick and wondered,

"Are we going to be able to do this? Is Vanessa strong enough?"

Vanessa was cleaning up the mess her tears had made of her make-up. She told herself,

"Fuck! I am not going to let everyone down." She took off her raincoat and stood bare breasted in front of the mirror.

"Mom, I am going to do this even if I have to suck every cock in the room!"

Dot rejoiced hearing the level of determination in her daughter's voice. She said, 

"I know you can do this. Let's go out there shake our titties and inspect their cocks. We will get the job done."

From the other room, they heard a voice say, "Gentlemen, have a sit. Someone will be right with you."

Dot and Van clasped hands and shared a confident look. They entered the outer room. They found the twins, Benny and Bobby, Vanessa's youngest cousins. They had just turned 18. 

Van utilized her false voice and said, "Hello studs. Ready to party?"

The young men nodded. They stared mesmerized by the naked breasts on display. The ladies swayed seductively, ran their fingers through the boys' hair and eventually sat on their laps. They wiggled their butts against the boys' growing firmness.

Benny asked Vanessa shyly, "Can I touch you?"

"If I can touch you," she replied.

Bobby asked Dorothy "May I" as he raised a hand towards her breast.

The boys were so polite. Van and Dot happily gave permission. Benny and Bobby's hands tentatively reached out to feel the warm bare flesh their eyes had been feasting on. The flesh was so soft the boys' face showed their amazement.

Dorothy enjoyed Bobby's shy touches. She guided his hand from one breast to the other and had him drag his thumb across her hard nips. Vanessa smiled as a wide-eyed Benny caressed her boobs and gently tweaked her nipples.

"Wow," Benny exclaimed. Then he got more somber. He said,

"I've been with girls and done stuff. But I have never really seen one naked. You know, there's not much light in the backseat of a car. Could you . . . . would you take off your panties? No touching. Just let us look?"

He asked so nicely and looked so desperate, Van was won over. But she remembered that she had a job to do. Vanessa said, 

"Ok. But both of you must stand and drop your underwear so I can see you too."

"Deal," Benny said. 

He and Bobby stood and started getting undressed. Vanessa nodded to Dorothy then she rolled the G-string down to her ankles and stepped out of it. Her shaved sex fascinated them. The boys stood spellbound with their pants around their ankles and their erect pricks jutting out proudly.

Dorothy took this opportunity to inspect their penises. They were average cocks with no special markings or patterns. Vanessa spun about giving the boys a 360 degree view of a nude female. She giggled and pulled up her G-string. Then she blew them a kiss. 

Dorothy stroked the boys' hard-ons and said, "The party's over. Get dress and go." But before she let them go she quickly wrapped her lips around both of their cocks. She could not stop herself from tasting their youth, beauty and hardness. 

Dot blushed red after having given in to her wicked impulse. The boys beamed and thanked the ladies. The twins chatted happily among themselves as Dorothy escorted them out. Dorothy signaled to Flame that they were ready for the next group.

Flame brought Dorothy's brother-in-laws in, Ken and Lenny. Flame said, "Welcome to the room where dreams come true . . . sometimes."

Ken patted her firm ass and said, "I guess that means you're staying." 

Flame guided his hand off her butt and said, "Naughty, naughty. You know the rules: girls can do anything, boys can only look. Let me introduce you to a friendly duo Candy and Destiny." Flame exited the room.

Lenny and Ken had had more than a few drinks while enjoying the dancers. Lenny stumbled a bit reaching out to shake Dorothy's hand. Ken was walking a crooked line so Vanessa took him by the arm and assisted him to cross the room to the small sofa.

Lenny collided with Dot. They embraced to keep from crashing to the floor. As Lenny re-gained his balance, he slid his hands down her back and cupped both ass cheeks. "Easy tiger," Dot said as she pried his hands off her round bottom. She pushed him away and he plopped down in one of the chairs.

Van and Dot repeated the performance they gave twins. They danced. They shook their naked breasts and ended up in Ken and Len's lap. Unlike the boys, these two did not ask before grabbing the low hanging fruit. Their hands went straight to the naked tits. The girls let them have a little fun waiting for a firm reaction to develop down below.

Dot cried out in surprise when Lenny slipped a hand beneath her G-String and quickly dipped a finger inside her honey pot.

"Woah," Lenny said, "Ken, this here is a bald beaver."

"How about you darling?" Ken asked as he went exploring. He pulled Vanessa's covering aside and announced, "He Hee . . . This pussy is shaved too."

The women slid to the floor to get away from the men. Lenny stood and undid his pants. He said, "How about we get down to business?"

Dorothy bent over to inspect his cock. Lenny guided her head to his waiting cock. Dot opened her mouth to speak and was silenced when he shoved his half hard dick into her mouth. 

"That's it," Lenny said, "Open wide sweetheart."

Dorothy's mind was whirling. She had never had her husband's cock in her mouth and here she was giving his brother a blowjob. Confused, she went down on her knees and sucked. It was awkward at first, but Dot kept at it and developed a nice rhythm. Lenny grew to full mast.

Kenny got busy and dropped his trousers. Vanessa was put off at first looking at this flaccid member, but remembering her vow, she went down on him. She sucked, stroked and licked him. She used all her tricks . She gave Kenny a world class blowjob. She was surprised when she felt a trickle of girl juice run down her thigh. 

Her state of arousal startled Vanessa. She withdrew the rock hard dick from her mouth. She told herself, "Remember why you are here. Does he have the mark?" She looked him over from top to bottom and confirmed he was not the one. 

Vanessa had bought Ken close to an orgasm. Ken was not going to be denied. He started stroking his cock. He said,

"I'm going to cum on your tits."

He moaned and blasted his load all over Vanessa's chest.

Lenny had been face fucking Dorothy. Dot was physically participating but not mentally. Hearing Ken roar as he orgasmed brought Dorothy back to the present. She thought, "I need to check out Ken." She brought his dick out, looked him over as she stroked his saliva slicken member. Discovering he was not the one, Dot said,

"Cum for me, big boy. Spray my tits!"

Lenny was happy to comply. He exploded shooting ropes of cum on her bouncing boobs. The men laughed viewing the sperm covered girls. The guys dressed and returned to the stage area. They were all smiles having gathered a story for the next time they went out drinking "Remember the time we shot our loads all over those two whores . . . ."

The girls retired to the bathroom to recover and clean up. Dot and Van washed off at the sink. Van slid away from her mom. She was afraid Dorothy would smell the pungent fragrance from her weeping vagina. Vanessa was wet and embarrassed by her state of arousal. Dorothy was too deep in her own thoughts to notice. A tape was running in Dorothy's head, "I am sucking cocks that do not belong to my husband . . . and I like it."

Dorothy went out to tell Flame to send in the next bunch. Dot saw her husband leaving the party. She ran to the bathroom and spoke to Vanessa. 

"Your father is leaving the party. I will check him and be back."

Dorothy left quickly and rushed to her room. She said a quick prayer when she discovered her husband, Karl, was not there. She jumped in the shower to remove all evidence of what she had been doing. Then she put on a robe and waited for him.

Karl walked the grounds a bit. He stopped by Natasha's suite to see his wife and daughter. He had a brief conversation with Natasha. 

"Vanessa is feeling better. She is following the Doctor's orders to rest. She is asleep."

"Good. I'm glad to hear she is feeling better."

Natasha said, "Dorothy is out at the drug store picking up a few things. Would you like to wait here?" Natasha was wondering if Karl had been inspected yet. Maybe she needed to do it.

"Thanks. I think I go to my room and wait for Dot there."

When Karl let himself into the room, Dorothy rushed up to greet him. She caught him off guard with a big hug and kiss. 

"Hello. Nice to see you too," Karl teased.

Instead of answering, Dorothy kissed him again with intensity, a hunger so strong that it stopped Karl in his tracks. This was not like his wife. They were kissing like long lost lovers. Karl held his wife tightly. As his hand roamed her body he discovered she not wearing an under garments. His manhood swelled.

They made their way over to the bed. Karl backed her up to the bed and pushed her into a seated position. Her bare breasts spilled out of the robe. As he smiled down on her, Dorothy undid his pants. He playfully pinched her erect nipples hard causing Dot to gasp.

Dorothy firmly pulled down his pants and grasped his rock hard member. "Thank God," she said to herself. "No lightning bolt."

She stroked his erection and quickly, greedily enveloped it. It was Karl's turn to gasp. She had never down this before. Dorothy's action were clumsy, enthusiastic and . . . appreciated. Karl came quickly. Dot swallowed the first shot. She pulled back and took the rest of his load to her face and breasts with a big smile.

While her mother and father were busy, Vanessa found herself in the Champagne room with her cousin Jackson. Jackson was five years older than Vanessa. He had been her first love, but he never knew it. When she first began liking boys she had developed a big crush on him.

Jackson plunked down heavily in the chair. He was a little drunk.

"Hi. I'm Destiny," Vanessa said in her southern drawl. 

"Woah babe...The last time I saw a nipple like that I was watching the horror flick "Rosemary's Baby". Are they real?" 

Jack reached out and tweaked Van's big red nipples. He squeezed too hard.

"Ouch," Vanessa cried. Vanessa slapped his hands away. She was beginning to dislike her cousin. 

Jackson stood and started undoing his pants.

"What are you doing?" Van asked.

"Just making it easier for you, babe. We both know what's coming next. Hah. That's funny, I'll be cumming next," Jackson snorted and laughed at his unintentional joke.

Vanessa sat back on her heels watching him undress thinking, "God! I had a crush on this guy? He's rude and crude. Oh, let's just get it over with."

Jackson dropped trou and presented her with his fireplug of a dick. It was short, but stout . . . extra stout. He said,

"Open wide, bitch."

That remark made Vanessa mad. "Bitch?" she repeated. She definitely did not like him. She responded,

"Not so fast buddy. Nothing goes in me without a quick inspection."

She checked the top of his penis and did not see a lightning bolt. Jackson was irritated and wanted to get the party started. He moved forward and tapped the side of her face with his stumpy appendage. 

Vanessa was insulted by his aggressiveness. She stood and said,

"Time for you to leave. This is just like Disney World if you don't measure up, you cannot go on the ride. Sorry, I have a 5 inch minimum."

She walked out of the room leaving Jackson with his dick in his hand sputtering,

"Hey Bitch! Get back here. What are you talking about? You should be so lucky to get some of this . . . I'm the thickest man you'll ever meet."

Vanessa kept on walking. Jackson was fuming. He cursed her some more then got dressed and left.

Dorothy was still sitting on the edge of the bed. She said to Karl, 

"I can't believe I just did that." 

She glanced down and saw her husband's sperm splattered across her breasts. She laughed at the sight.

Karl said, "I can't believe you did that . . . err, what I mean is I loved it. I just never thought it would happen."

Karl grabbed the labels of the robe and opened them up to get a better view of her cum covered tits. The tie on the robe loosened and the robe parted.

"Woah, "Karl said, "What's going on down there . . . you shaved?" He pointed to her bare pussy.

"Vanessa shaved me," Dorothy said innocently. 

"Did . . . did you shave each other?" Karl asked. His wilting penis jumped. Dorothy noticed. 

Dot reached out to his dick and felt the blood surging back in. He was getting hard. She stroked him as she answered staying on the topic that appeared to interest him.

"Vanessa shaved me. I did not need to shave her . . . she keeps herself smooth and bare." 

Karl's' dick jumped again. Dot continued now purposely teasing her husband.

"She is hairless . . . silky smooth, so sleek." Dot ran her other hand all over her shaved vagina.

Karl was fully hard. Pre-cum leaked out onto Dot's hand. "Karl, what's happening? You look like you are ready to go again?"

Karl begged, "Dorothy, let me see."

Karl dropped to his knees and put his face in her crotch. He breathed in her pungent perfume. He tentatively licked her tasting her wonderful acidic flow. 

"Mmmm," Karl moaned as he went in deeper.

"Ahhh,"

Dot cried out as pleasure shot throughout her body. Dorothy grabbed his head and made sure his tongue did not leave her pussy. Karl obliged. He licked and sucked on her lips. He swirled his tongue in her slit. He probed as deep as he could with his tongue scooping out her fabulous flavor. 

When his tongue found her swollen clit, Dorothy screamed, "Oh my God!" and came hard.

Karl's head was trapped in place by Dot's convulsing body. He rode out her climax and then slid up her body pressing her into the bed. When her breathing slowed, he slipped his hard cock inside her. Dorothy sighed and smiled.

Flame brought Earnst to the champagne room. Van said to her grandfather, "Hello, my name is Destiny."

"How do you do. My name is Earnst," her grandfather said politely and he shook her hand firmly.

There was an awkward silence. Vanessa has troubled. She wondered, 

"Oh my God. How do I go from that introduction to show me your dick? And with my own grandpa . . ."

Earnst smiled kindly at her and said,

"Thanks for letting an old man get a close up view of you. You're truly beautiful. I suspect you have a job to do. You probably are a little put off having a wrinkled old fart like me in here. You don't need to do anything. If anyone asks I will said you were great . . . worth every penny."

Vanessa was touched. He was so kind, so elegant. He was a real gentleman. She smiled brightly,

"You are right. I have a job to do and you are making it a pleasure. I only wish all my guests had your manners."

Vanessa dropped to her knees and fished his soft cock out. She smiled up at him and asked, "Ready stud?"

Vanessa went down on him. She started with a kiss and ended deep throating him. Once she had him at full mast she looked for the lightning bolt. She did not find it. She returned his dick to her mouth determined to get him off. Her efforts were successful. He did not cum with a lot of force or spunk, but he could not have been more grateful.

Earnst was the only one to remember her name. He said, "Destiny that was so sweet of you. It has been years. You have made this old man happy. Thank you." 

He bent down and killed her on the top of the head. Vanessa licked him clean and dressed him. She gave him a big hug and sent him on his way. 

Flame came in when she saw the old man leave. She asked Vanessa, 

"Did you . . .?"

"Yes," Van said. "He was one of the best."

"Good for him," Flame said with a laugh. "Are you ready for the last one?"

"Yes, send him in."

Vanessa wondered what had become of her mother. She wondered if maybe her mother's absence was because she could not bring herself to check out the cocks of her father and son. Van understood. She was worried about her reaction because it now was her brother's turn.

Upstairs, Karl and Dorothy were in bed together. Karl had slid his re-invigorated dick into Dot's wet pussy. They were joined at the groin. Dorothy felt full. Karl felt like a frisky teen-ager. Through some magic he had another hard-on minutes after having cum from his wife's unexpected blow job.

Karl started moving inside his wife's slick tunnel. She sighed savoring the warm hardness of his member. Her hips egged him on. Soon Karl was rutting like an animal with deep, fast strokes. His actions were perfectly in tune with Dot's mood. She too brought an extra level of passion to the tryst. They fucked each other to an explosive orgasm.