 All characters are over 18. Enjoy.



Johnny entered the champagne room cautiously. He was curious about what he would find. He had already decided to walk right out if he encountered a fat old lady or a crack whore. He had no interest in trading an orgasm for a STD. He was pleasantly surprised with what he saw. 

Before him was a fit young woman. She was of medium height with a slim build. She had her back to him because at the moment she was checking her lipstick in the mirror. All she wore were high heel shoes and a G-string. She had an ass that could stop traffic. It was a nicely plump heart- shaped work of art.

Johnny said, "I bet your make-up is okay because everything I see is perfect."

Vanessa quickly turned around. She was embarrassed that her brother would talk about her butt that way. Since she was topless, Johnny took in the view of her firm medium sized breasts. He was surprised to see a tan-line. He thought all strippers sunbathed nude or at least topless.

"Nice, very nice," John said looking at her chest appreciatively. "Your front is as welcome a sight as your backside."

Johnny's eyes were drawn to her brilliant white breasts and specifically the large, dark red nipples the likes of which he had never seen before. He liked them. He found them exotic. His eyes took in the rest of her body: a narrow waist, flat stomach and slender athletic legs.

"Hi, I'm Johnny," he said with a smile.

Vanessa smiled in returned and motioned that he should have a seat on the small 

sofa. She had decided that it would be best to keep her talking to a minimum to help hide her identity from her brother.

Vanessa did not know that her father had been ruled out as a candidate. To her, her brother might or might not be the one so she treated him like the others. She danced for him and rubbed up against him like a cat in heat. 

Vanessa glanced down and saw that a healthy tent that developed in his shorts. "Time for the inspection," she told herself. She dropped to her knees and undid his pants. He took this opportunity to feel her tits and play with the outrageous nipples. He was gentle. While he was distracted, she examined his cock. There . . . there on top just as in her dream was a lightning bolt. 

"Oh God. He is the one," Vanessa thought. She froze. She had been so focused on finding the candidate, willing herself to do whatever it took to find the one, she had not made a plan for what to do next. To buy herself time, she slipped her lips around his broad erection.

"Ahhh," Johnny sighed. "That feels good." He slumped back into the sofa and let himself enjoy the blowjob. "Yeah," he thought, "This girl's a pro." 

Van decided it would be best to move fast. She needed to fuck him before he discovered who she was. She dipped a finger in between her legs. 

She discovered that she was only a little wet. She told herself, 

"If I'm going to impale myself on this big piece of meat, I need more lubrication." 

Vanessa's finger became a blur as she hurriedly rubbed her clit. 

"Oh yeah, that's it" she told herself. She could feel her body get excited and prepared for intercourse. 

Soon she was ready. Her pussy was hot and fully wet. Vanessa climbed on top of her brother. She thrust her chest into his face and said in a southern drawl,

"Suck on these, honey."

Johnny was only too happy to oblige. He clamped down on one nipple and caressed the other breast. While his mouth and mind were occupied, Vanessa rose up, pulled her G-string aside and hurriedly impaled herself on his hardness. It was a bit of a struggle. He was big and she was tight, but Vanessa repeatedly and forcefully slammed herself down until she had his cock completely inside her velvety cunt.

Vanessa kicked it into overdrove and fucked her brother. She was like a woman possessed. Actually she was a woman on a mission She needed his seed to save the family. 

"Ohh!"

Johnny exclaimed when his penis found her pussy. He had thought her blowjob was world class, her pussy was magnificent: molten, tight, wet, exciting. The list of adjectives going through his mind seemed endless. She was wonderful. Fucking her was wonderful.

He slumped back into the sofa and let her ride him hard. His head lolled back. He was overwhelmed with pleasure. A beautiful young woman was fucking the shit out of him and it felt great. John felt his balls start to churn. 

"I'm going to come," he announced.

"Mmm me too," Vanessa said honestly.

"Is it okay?" he asked.

"Yes . . . not a problem, "Vanessa responded breathlessly.

"Good," Johnny sighed.

A picture suddenly flashed through John's mind.  He saw himself standing at the altar with a bleach blonde in a slutty dress. She had a baby nestled in the crook of her arm. His family was there. No one looked happy except for the blonde bride who was seeing dollar signs.

"Stop!" Johnny shouted. He grabbed Van firmly around the waist preventing her from moving. 

"Ouch! What's the matter?"

"Get off me. I can't come inside you."

"It's ok," Vanessa tried to re-assure him.

Johnny was not going to trust the word of a stripper. "No really. This has been fun, but we need to stop now. I've got to go."

Johnny pushed her aside and stood. 

"Shit," Vanessa said to herself. "I almost had him." 

Vanessa reached out and stroked his rock hard member still wet from her pussy. She took his cock into her mouth and tasted her vaj juice, a tangy blend. It was salty and sweet. Van put on a thick southern accent and said,

"Lover, there's more than one way for us to do this. Have you ever cum in a girl's ass? I would love for you to fuck my ass."

Vanessa knelt on the floor and laid her head and chest on the sofa. She swished her ass around provocatively. 

"Please don't go. I am so close to cumming. Please, please fuck my ass," Vanessa begged. 

Johnny hesitated. Like all guys he wondered what is would be like to ass fuck a girl. None of his girlfriends had ever let him and here was an absolute babe begging him to do it. Plus it did eliminate his worry about getting her pregnant. 

While Johnny was thinking it over, Vanessa licked her index finger. She reached back and slipped it in her ass. She was surprised by how good it felt. She teased Johnny and herself sawing the finger in and out of her butthole.

Johnny stood mesmerized. "Wow this is some chick," he thought. He suspected if he passed this chance up, he would probably never get such an offer again. He stepped out of his pants and came towards Vanessa and said,

"Let's do it."

"Yea, I have a second chance," Van thought. That happy thought was soon followed by a less happy thought. "Ah oh, how do I get that big dick in my ass without ripping me apart?" 

Vanessa had never had anal sex. She recalled that one of her girlfriends had said the secret was lots of lube and taking it slow. Vanessa said,

"Great. Grab my purse off the bar."

Johnny picked up the leather bag and brought it to her. He knelt behind her. He kissed and caressed her perfectly shaped butt. Vanessa dumped the contents of the handbag on the sofa. She fished through the pile.

"Lip gloss, tissues, eye liners . . . there it is, my coconut oil hand lotion. Here Johnny, lube me up good. BE GENTLE, okay? Start with one finger. When I open up, use two," Vanessa instructed her brother speaking with surprising authority considering she had never down this before.

Johnny poured lotion on her asshole and tentatively worked it in with his finger. The ring of muscle at her opening was strong. However, with a little pressure and the slickness of the lotion he popped in up to his second knuckle. He enjoyed the sensation of the tight ring closing down around his finger. He worked it in slow and deep. As it got easier, he added more lotion and a second finger. 

Vanessa concentrated on her breathing. The first finger was not so bad. The second finger was definite a different story. 

"More lube, please," Vanessa requested hoping it would help. The additional lubricant and Van willing herself to relax did help. When the double digits went in easily John asked,

"Are you ready?"

A determined Vanessa said, "Yes. Lube your prick up good."

Johnny put a large dollop of lotion on Vanessa's butthole and then poured a generous helping in his hand. He quickly coated his hard rod. He pressed the crown of his dick against her rosebud and asked, "Ready?"

Vanessa took a deep breath and said, "Yes."

Johnny leaned into her. Her asshole fought him. His erection buckled. Tears formed in Vanessa's eyes yet she remained quiet. John grasped his penis and pressed forward. Slowly her ass yielded to his assault and the head of his dick popped in. They both grunted. 

He paused. She said, "Give me a minute."

Johnny marveled at the sight of his big dick lodged into her creamy white ass. He reached down and played with her swollen clit.

"Ah, thanks. That helps," Vanessa said with sincerity.

Van took a deep breath and let the air out slowly. Then she pushed back against her brother driving him another inch inside her. It hurt like hell. Tears ran down her cheeks, but she emitted no sound that would let him know how painful it was. John pulled back a bit, poured lotion on his dick and slowly, methodically began working it in and out of her ass. 

The progress was slow, but sure. To their combined astonishment, he eventually managed to put it all in. 

Triumphantly John said, "I'm all the way in. Are you ok?"

"Yes . . . I guess. I mean it hurt, but now I've adjusted to it. I feel so full."

"You're so tight. The ring of pressure from your sphincter muscle feels great.  And the sight of my dick in your ass is so hot; I am surprised I haven't already blown my wad."

Vanessa reached in-between her legs and rubbed her clit. It was an odd feeling to have something so big in her ass. It was weird, but it also felt good. Vanessa masturbated and rocked back on her brother. They started off slowly and built to a satisfying rhythm. It was not long before they fucked with abandon. Soon they were hot and sweaty each concentrating on the buildup of good feelings within themselves.

Johnny leaned over and squeezed her tits and nips. He bit her shoulder and moved his lips up to her neck. Vanessa was snorting like a galloping horse.  Johnny drove into her forcefully. He enjoyed the sensation on his dick as well as the feeling that he controlled, possessed, and dominated this beauty. 

Johnny grabbed Vanessa's hair and forced her to look at his. He felt her bucking back into him. He smelled her scent which filled the room. He pushed her mask away so he could see the look in her eyes as he blasted inside her. 

"Vanessa??" Johnny cried out. 

The secret was out. Johnny now knew that he was fucking his sister. Vanessa knew he knew. As their minds struggled with this information, their bodies continued to fuck. Vanessa spasmed. Her orgasm pushed Johnny over the line. He grunted and came exploding inside his sister's bowels. Then he collapsed on top of her. His cock continue to spew inside of her. Vanessa felt and enjoyed the jerky movement of his dick.

Dorothy had fallen asleep in the arms of her loving husband after a session of hot sex. When Dot awoke she smiled remembering their passionate love making. Then with a start, she sat up in bed.

"Vanessa! Oh my God. I have to find Vanessa."

"I'm sure she is fine," Karl said sleepily. "I spoke to Natasha. She said Vanessa was resting at her suite."

"Ah . . . Ah," Dorothy babbled. She kissed her husband. "That was wonderful, but I have to go. I promised Natasha I would help her with Vanessa. You . . . you stay here. I've got to go."

"Ok," Karl chuckled. He groped his wife's heavy bosom as she frantically left the bed. 

Dot quickly dressed in her normal clothes and rushed to the Champagne room. She burst in and found her children piled in a heap on the sofa. They were dozing basking in the afterglow of their orgasms.

Johnny noticed her first. "Mom? MOM! What are you doing here?"

Embarrassed, he leaped off of his sister pulling his dick out of her ass. The smell of sex was heavy in the air. Dorothy took it all in: her daughter was nude with a gaping asshole. Her son was pants-less with his cum cover prick swinging about. She grabbed his cock and spied the lightning bolt. 

"Go to your room," she ordered. "We will talk later."

Johnny opened his mouth to speak. He thought better of it and dressed quickly and left. 

Dorothy went to Vanessa. "You poor dear. I'm sorry I was not here for you."

Vanessa said weakly, "I did it mom. I did it. Johnny was the one. I almost made him come in my pussy, but just like in the dream he got scared. I was able to get him to fill my ass with cum."

Dorothy helped Vanessa sit on the sofa. "Good job. Now it's time for me to do my part."

Dorothy leaned Vanessa's torso against the back of the sofa. She slid her bottom to the edge of the seat. Then she knelt between her daughter's legs. She had Vanessa put her heels on the sofa. With Vanessa's legs splayed, her cunt and bung hole were easily accessible.

Tears filled Dorothy's eyes as she viewed her daughter's abused asshole. It was not ripped or torn, but it certainly had been stretched and well fucked. Van's pussy was swollen, sticky and wet. It too showed signs that she'd recently had intercourse.

Dorothy kissed Vanessa's crinkled star and gently licked her anus. She cautiously worked her tongue into her asshole. Dot licked and sucked and also inserting a finger in the dark hole. She did everything she could think of to coax her son's spunk out of her daughter's ass. As she brought forth material, Dot would transfer it to Vanessa's pussy. Again everything Dot had- tongue, lips, and fingers - were used to open her daughter's pussy and transported her son's sperm into her daughter's vagina. 

It was a slow and needless to say intimate process. After the rough sex Vanessa had experienced with Johnny, it was a nice change. Vanessa enjoyed her mother's ministrations. She even had a couple of small orgasms from her mother's oral efforts. 

The drinking, dancing and stripping party ended. Flame came back stage to check on Destiny and Candy. Flame looked in and saw Dorothy out of costume having oral sex with a nude Destiny. She thought nothing of it. Many of the girls had sex with each other. Flamed did sigh out of jealousy. Destiny was a beautiful creature and Candy was performing her actions so lovingly Flame wished that she was one or both of the participants. Flame closed the door quietly and walked away.

Dorothy spent almost an hour doing her part to impregnate her daughter. The smell and taste of her daughter and son filled her senses. She marveled at her daughter's beauty. She also appreciated her toughness. This had been a Herculean task and Vanessa had been equal to the challenge. Hopefully, she would get pregnant.

Vanessa fell into another post-coital sleep. Dorothy phoned Natasha and brought her up to speed. Natasha said,

"It sounds like you two have done all that is possible. Can you bring her to my suite?"

"We will be up in few minutes."

Natasha and Dorothy put Vanessa to bed. Dorothy stayed with her little girl for a while. 

When Dot returned to the main room, she saw her son sitting with Natasha. Natasha said,

"Dorothy, join us. I need to speak with both of you."

Johnny shifted uneasily on the sofa. He was uncomfortable to be in the presence of his mother after what had happened. Natasha continued,

"Johnny, tell me if I have this correct. You had oral and vaginal sex with Vanessa. When you became concerned about getting her pregnant, the two of you had anal sex. "

"Yes, but . . . but I didn't know it was Vanessa. She concealed her identity with a wig and mask. How was I to know?"

"Exactly," Natasha said. "Sometimes things happen that are beyond our control. Events occur and it is as if the gods control us and we are but puppets. Your mother and I know this. Your sister knows this. All is forgiven.  We will not speak of this day again. Go kiss your mother and accept her embrace and forgiveness."

Johnny looked from Natasha to his mother. He was on edge, confused and troubled by what had occurred. Dorothy stood and held her arms out. She and Johnny kissed and embraced. 

"I'm sorry, mom."

"It was not your fault," she replied.

Natasha said, "Johnny leave us. Go have a drink or something. Don't do anything stupid like killing yourself. It was out of your control. It was destiny."

The next day no one in the family die. Nor did anyone die the day after or the day after that. 

Natasha hugged Vanessa and said, "You did it. You're pregnant."

"The pregnancy test kit I bought said I should wait a week after my missed period. I am not due to have my period for another 8 days," Vanessa confessed.

"Believe me the gods know these things. Hades has not called back one of our family. That is all the proof I need to know that you are pregnant. Pack your bags. You and I are going to the old family homestead in Greece. You will have the boy there."

Nine months later Vanessa delivered a healthy baby boy. He was immediately adopted and taken from her the day of his birth. Natasha died the next day and Vanessa became the major shareholder in the richest goldmine in the world.

Vanessa traveled the world visiting with all branches of the family. She never married although she had many suitors and more than a few lovers. 

As time passed she became the family matriarch and was even called "Old Money Bags". As she neared her 121st birthday Vanessa became particular interested in all the girls in the family as they reached the age of majority. She always made it a point to be with them on their birthday. One of them was destined to play the role Vanessa and so many other women of the family had played.

Vanessa's last duty was to help the chosen girl perform the ritual. When the family was safe and secure for another hundred years Vanessa would pass from this world and join her family in Hades.