 "Tell me about her." 

"Tell you what? What does it matter? She already got me!" 

"Tell me." 

"Fine you want a story how about this; we met, we talked, we fucked, she killed me. The end." 

"I can find her but I need your help tell me everything you know." 

"Fine where do you want me to start?" 

"Here's a crazy thought: how about the beginning?" 

"Well if you want to be cliché about it." 

I first saw her in that night club Verboten, on 11th street in Brooklyn. The place had a lot of people in it but it seemed pretty chill. I was there visiting my sister after her break up with some jackass who wouldn't leave her alone. My brothers and I drew straws and after a heated debate and a lot of rock paper scissors matches we settled on me going. 

I had been there for six days already and I needed a break from the crying. Look I don't care if it sounds insensitive, you don't know my sister. I checked online and I saw some good reviews for this place so I hopped a cab from my sister's apartment. 

What? Over on Parkside Avenue. Number 123. Why? Whatever. Anyway I was hoping maybe I could find some cute girl to talk with maybe even score. I was talking with this cute little blonde at the bar, not too bright, fake tits the size of Texas. 

Then I saw her, and it was like the whole world suddenly disappeared. She was walking toward me with this swagger. It was like she wasn't human, the way she moved it was like living water. Almost like the people crushing in on every side didn't exist to her. 

It was like everything had been grey but here was a splash of bright blue and vibrant red. She exuded a presence, a feeling when she talked to you as if you were the only one in the world that mattered to her. 

It was as if- what? What do you mean I'm babbling? You wanted a story now you just sit there and shut up. 

Anyway where was I, she came over and leaned against the bar between me and the blonde. I swear she thrust her tits right under my nose. And they were great I could tell they were natural, nothing like that dumb blonde's silicon sweater meat. 

Anyway the blonde backed off immediately almost like she knew she was beat. This girl shakes her head and shook her hair out. It was that nice reddish brown, what's it called... auburn? Yeah auburn. She looks at me and asked me my name. 

"Tom." I managed to choke out. 

God her voice was like music, like the sound of nature, like water weaving through your senses. It was sexier than any dirty talk I had ever heard. It wrapped around my soul and I was caught in her web. Which was exactly where I wanted to be at the time, kind of a bad call looking back on it though. 

Then this girl holds her hand out to the bartender and he hands her a shot glass, which she held out to me. 

"Whiskey, Tom?" 

I don't even like whiskey but goddammit if she wanted me to drink it, it was going to get drunk. I grabbed the glass from her and tossed it back not even caring about the spicy taste or the burn down my throat. She smiled and leaned forward and planted her lips on mine. They were strangely cool but I didn't think anything of it at the time. 

Her tongue wormed between my lips and snaked back and forth over mine before she pulled it back out. She purred- no shit, purred- and smiled at me. 

"I love the taste of whiskey on a man's tongue." She said. At this point little Tom was about ready to explode. What? Little Tom? My dick, dumbass. So I ordered another shot and slugged it back. Then I puckered my lips at her and leaned closer. 

"It's not that easy Tommy." 

And here I felt like the stupidest fucker on the planet. I mean this girl was hot like you wouldn't believe and she kisses me and then I fucked it up. I was about ready to go hang myself with my belt when she smiled. 

"What do you say you and me get out of here... go for a walk on the beach?" 

She turned and walked out the door and I was following right behind her with the stupidest look on my face. 

She hailed a limo over, yeah no shitting, a limo. She climbed in before I did and when she stepped in her skirt slipped up a bit so I could see the edges of a g string before she was out of sight. I hurried in and sat down across from her hoping to get another peak up that yummy skirt. 

She was sitting across from me behind that window thing that separates the parts of the car. She reached back and knocked on it and I was mesmerized by the sway of her tits through her top so I didn't hear where she said. There was no way she was wearing a bra, I thought. I was right though so score one point for me. 

I tore my eyes away from her chest and used a yawn to disguise my looking down at her skirt. Sadly she had her legs crossed so I couldn't see anything. I must have lingered just a second too much or looked too sad cause she uncrossed her legs. 

Then she leaned forward and started talking to me about something, honestly I don't remember I was too horny to care. Then she reached out and put her finger under my chin making me look her in the eye. 

"Do you want to love me?" 

All I could do was shake my head in the affirmative. 

She stood up and slid onto my lap, she stroked her ass against my legs and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my mouth down to hers. I have no idea how long we kissed but it felt like a long time. Suddenly the limo stopped and she pulled away. 

"Time to stretch our legs." 

She slid out of the limo and I followed after her I have no idea now what was wrong with me it was like I was in a trance. I followed the sway of her hips and before I knew it we were sitting next to the water. She held out this little red pill to me it was about the size of one of those little nerds candies. And it was kind of sticky. 

"If you take that you can see what I see." 

I popped it in my mouth and it had a really harsh coppery taste. It must have been some kind of hallucinogen because my head pounded for a minute and my vision swam and when my eyes refocused I saw a small creature eating some scraps of food left over on the ground. It was this little brown thing covered in funky lumps. Then one of the lumps opened up and there was this disgusting little eye staring at me. 

Suddenly the thing shrieked and ran off. That was definitely a sound to make you jump. 

Then she laughed, "I love those nasty little beggars. Try looking out there." 

I followed where her finger pointed and I saw a mermaid come rocketing out of the water. As she splashed back down a merman popped up and splashed down. A cloud parted a little ways off of the moon and sent a spotlight onto the water. 

She resurfaced and spun like a top sending crystalline droplets flying all around flashing in the moonlight like balls of silver. Then the merman resurfaced and she dropped her head under the water the merman held his arms out like a cross and she came out of the water spinning like a football. She threw streams of water over the merman and he smiled like he was basking in the water. Finally she surfaced again and they hugged and they kissed deeply as they sank beneath the waves. 

"That was a mating dance between some of the last members of an endangered species." 

"It was beautiful." 

"Yes it was, they will conceive a child and when she gives birth there is a good chance that the child will sicken and die." 

"Why?" 

"Because of your kind! Humans just think that they can do whatever they want with the earth that for some reason you are the only ones that matter! It won't be too long before the entirety of the sea is empty of their music... their joy." 

"Are you crying?" 

"Yeah, so what does it matter if I am?" 

"It doesn't I've just never seen a ghost cry before that's all." 

"Well aren't you just a ball of sunshine. Now do you want to hear this damned story or not?" 

"Yes. Very much so yes." 

"Then shut your fucking mouth. I'm sick and tired of your interrupting besides I'm almost done." 

I looked back at her and she had stripped down and let me tell you she was quite a sight nude. Her gorgeous tits were hanging there defying gravity her hard nipples pointing off at the ocean and this delicious looking bush between her legs. Huh that's weird I've never liked the taste before but all I can think of to describe hers is delicious. 

She leaned back and I buried my face in her crotch it tasted like cotton candy and honey had a baby and it coated itself in just enough nicotine to be addictive. I almost couldn't breathe, I was buried so far into her my nose was pressed flat into her mound and my tongue just couldn't get enough of her inner walls. 

Then she pushed me off of her and reached down to my crotch. At first I was strangely disappointed I wanted nothing more than to please her and I don't think I did. But I was sure my next trick would get her. As she slipped my zipper down I smiled as my monster cock sprang out. 

She cooed and cupped her hand around my shaft then she straddled my lap and slid down. God was she tight. It was like getting my dick strangled. 

She let out a gasp and a choking sound. "Now that's a feeling I was missing." 

I felt so proud I had something that could make her happy. She started to bounce and grind herself into my pelvis. I felt myself moving closer and closer to the edge and it was almost strange how detached I seemed from my own impending orgasm. It was like my body wasn't even mine anymore like I was just a nomad soul taking refuge in a forgotten shell. 

All of my feeling seemed to be centered in my shaft and I could feel her clench around me. As she came so did I. I blew molten streams of sperm so deeply into her that I wouldn't have been surprised to see them cum out of her mouth. Did you see what I did there? You know with the double entendre. Oh well nevermind. Oh come on don't you groan at me. It was funny! Shut up. 

Anyway I came and came so much that I felt like my balls were about to shoot out of my cock and then her creamy white skin got this flush to it, a pinkening that filled her with the look of life so intense it hurt to look at her. It spread up and out from her crotch and then she kissed me passionately on the lips as I started to go black. 

"That's one less human to poison the earth." She said that. Right before I died I guess, so yeah she killed me. Now what's this got to do with you huh pal? 

I smiled at the poor ghost trying to seem tough. I summoned his spirit before it could rest forever and had bound it to myself. When I died he would be released to return to the afterlife but I couldn't let him rest just yet. The woman that killed him is a vampire. A female vampire that is often called by the term succubus uses the act of sex to suck the life from a man. This would be a pretty big challenge but it's what I was made to do. 

My name is John Marks, and I work for the NYPD as a glorified receptionist. I take the emergency calls and I listen in on radio chatter. But I solve crimes none of them can. I solve the crimes that come from a magical nature. I use the ghosts of the slain themselves to catch their murderers. The ghost of my mentor passed this gift on to me as his mentor did with him so on and so forth until the first coven. 

I am a Necromancer.