 - Ashley is her name but it isn't stated in the story below. 

----

There you sit, impatiently, waiting for your boyfriend who seems to have been gone too long for a visit to the gents and get an ice-cream cone for you. In the corner of your eye, as you scan the shopping gallery you're in, you noticed a short struggle and someone being dragged into the service corridor. You didn't take much heed until you realized that the t-shirt is the same with what your boyfriend is wearing. Slowly, you make your way to the door which leads into the service area. Reaching for the handle, you heard a sudden thud and his unmistakable voice shouting at his abductors to leave him alone.

In haste, you yank the door handle and rush into the service corridor. In the far end, you see that it is indeed him and he is being loaded onto a truck. The door slams shut but the truck remains in the loading bay. You muster enough courage and make your way quietly over to the truck. It is a large vehicle.

Before you could inspect the driver's cabin, you are roughly grabbed from behind and unceremoniously hauled into the large vehicle. You struggle but the hands holding on to your arms grip hard, causing you to yelp in pain as your futile efforts to escape comes to a sudden halt. A damp cloth covers your mouth and nose. A strange sensation floods through your mind. Your body relaxes immediately, with your arms and legs going limp. The strong arms around you props you up and you are gently placed on a wheelchair and pushed into the vehicle. Due to the darkness, you are unable to make out anything at all.

While your mind struggles to be free of the drug, your body is involuntarily stimulated due to the effects of the powerful aphrodisiac. You are placed on a small mattress and your clothes are slowly cut to ribbons. You hear a hiss and feel a light mist on your face. The effect of the drug is getting stronger as it enters through every pore of your exposed, young, nubile body. The last words you remember saying out are "Oh fuck! I'm screwed ..." You drift into unconsciousness. A deep sleep with ultra-erotic dreams.

In your dreams, you were being subjugated to various forms of stimulation from slow kissing, voracious cunnilingus, deep fucking, spanking, asphyxiation, electro-stimulation and even anal play. Your body responded involuntarily due to the drug, convulsing in orgasm over and over again. Your senses are buffeted with a myriad of powerful stimulation and erogenous zones are constantly being manipulated, bringing you to climaxes so hard that each time you cum, you thought you would pass out.

Little did you know, your adventures are only about to begin. As you sleep, you are being transported to a mountain hideout. A deep holding area formerly used for military experiments in the areas of genetic enhancement. Your dreams are so intense and real that your cunt is already flowing with sex juices. A damp patch forms between your shapely legs as the moistness oozes slowly down your sexy ass.

You awake in a slight daze, but unlike a hangover, you're fully alert within a matter of seconds. You feel your body tingle. Your nipples are hard and you clit ever so sensitive. You are dressed in a toga, hiding almost nothing due to the sheerness of the cloth. The material seems to be sending tingles up and down your body, wherever it touches. Arousing. Tantalizing. Sensual. You would wish that all your undergarments were made of this material.

You sit up and look at yourself in the mirror. Gosh! 36D-24-34. Are you still dreaming or ... A deep breath calms you down. Whether dreaming or not, you ready yourself for whatever comes next.

Something in the air makes your nostrils twitch. A slight tangy, sweet aroma. A low hum emanating from the walls. The tingle of the toga material on your smooth skin makes you shiver with anticipation from head to toe. An anticipation you cannot explain. The need for something raw. The urge for something carnal. The need for release ... Involuntarily, your fingers roam to your already moist pussy, rubbing your clit in slow circles. Standing there, in front of the mirror, you see a delectable sight of yourself masturbating. You're still taken aback by your new body though it is unmistakably yours as you knowingly touch and excite it the same way you have done so many times before.

You walk around the room a little, curiosity getting the better of you. It is almost all in white, with light gray lines along the walls suggesting something high-tech. The large mirror covers one large wall. You couldn't help but wonder if there is someone or something watching you from behind the mirror. The thought of being watched further enhances the arousal of your already stimulated body. You look down at the floor and rub your feet in the plush carpet which extends to all corners of the room. The room is about the size of a small studio apartment with only the bed in the center and the large mirror.

You seem to remember the bed being square although it is now round. It is huge. You think to yourself that about five people could comfortably lie in it. Five people. Perhaps one girl and four strong strapping Spanish guys. Long hard cocks at your beck and call. One at a time, taking you on. Gosh ... You cut short your visions and slowly sit on the floor just beside the huge bed. Your fingers tracing the edge of the bed, as if knowingly. Knowing just what is going to happen to you. Just not knowing when.

You climb up onto the bed. Your short toga does little to cover your lovely legs. Your new cleavage generously displayed. You think to yourself, there must be a little camera hidden somewhere in the room. Oh, whatever ... as your fingers drift again, going down between your legs, immediately attacking your swollen clit with fervor. You let all thoughts dissolve and your focus shifts to the sensations swelling up from within. Your sensitive clit seems to be transmitting arousal signals to every single nerve of your being. Your entire body is on a high, trashing about on the large bed as your fingers move at a frantic pace on your ever swelling clit. Your orgasm getting closer and closer. Liquid sex dripping onto the pristine white covers.

A white dildo slides deep into your wet cunt suddenly and you gasp out loud, clutching your pussy as you convulse in sudden orgasm from the deep insertion. Where the fuck did that come from ... and the thought is quickly washed away by the waves of orgasmic pleasure buffeting your senses and your body. Your lips eliciting moans of wanton desire while your legs trash about uncontrollably from the sudden rush of pleasure assaulting your wet, open pussy. The white dildo remains deep inside you as your orgasm continues. Your ass rises in your bid to capture the last intense wave of pleasure coursing through your body.

What the fuck. And this is just alone. What would happen if I had a partner. Your thoughts drift to those times when you were in the warm embrace of your lover. As you slowly open your eyes again, you notice three men standing over you, smiling. They have kind faces, handsome, and a warmth in their eyes which relaxes you immediately. Even though your mind is at ease, your body is tense from the mere anticipation of these three hunks having their way with you. Solidly built, with muscular but non-bulging frames, they are also dressed in similar togas. There is a huge bulge at their crotch, obviously from the show you had just put on.

You close your eyes again and laugh out softly while their hands begin to explore your body through the sheer cloth. Their hands begin exploring, touching every single inch of your hot body. Droplets of sex juice still squirting from your pussy somehow. You feel a finger dip in there to scoop it up and tickle your clit a little, eliciting soft moans from your parted lips. Two gentle hands carry and move you to the center of the bed. Two of them position themselves on either side of you while the third is now between your legs, finger slowly teasing your wet quim. The two at your sides gently massage your ample breasts, moving from your shoulders down slowly to your chest and around your breasts but never touching your nipples. Your nipples stand hard, sticking out, yearning for attention and yet, patiently these men avoid direct stimulation to them and in turn, makes you yearn even more for their touch there.

They apply some sort of oil to their hands and continue rubbing and massaging you. The oil sends a warm tingle on the areas it covers. The sensation building up within you is almost overwhelming. The oils seem to have made every single spot on your body an erogenous zone although the sensations are still the strongest at those specific points ... Your nipples and clit are now aching to be touched, to be squeezed, to be licked and sucked. A finger delves inside your pussy to rub the oils against the already sensitive walls of your vagina causing your entire pelvic region to almost burst from the sensations it is generating.

You could almost hear your heartbeat thumping. You could smell your pussy oozing sex juices. Your mind keeps repeating, "Fuck me, take me, fuck me, take me. Oh please start now."

Even so, nothing could have prepared you for the overwhelming sensation and raw stimulation when all lips latch themselves to your hard nipples and sensitive clit. Your body convulses and is pushed over the edge to a sudden orgasm when all tongues and mouths begin licking and sucking simultaneously. Your mouth is open, without a sound. Your body trashing and yet the mouths and tongues continue their carnal assault. Your ample breasts heave heavily on your chest, rising and falling uncontrollably. Your legs flailing about as you succumb to your second orgasm when two fingers are suddenly shoved deep into your moist, open pussy. The tongues flick and circle your nipples and clitoris maddeningly, in unison. The combined sensation causes waves of pleasure to wash over you again and again, relentless on their quest to bring you to climax.

Cum you do. Over and over. Till you're out of breath. Almost passing out. Lines between reality and fantasy is blurred. The room dims. It changes color to a warm amber. The ceiling and floor is now completely black. You try to look at the mirror in front of you and you could still see yourself. You lay back and let these exquisite sensations continue to course through your body. These men have not stopped but just slowed down a little, allowing you to catch your breath.

The two fingers in your pussy is beginning to wreak havoc on your sensitive nerve endings down between your legs. They seem to be touching your g-spot just right, rubbing you there, just driving you crazy. One of them moves up to you to plant a deep kiss on your lips. Tongues twirling and gently suckling. Your moans escape right into him and he seems to relish your expressions of delight. His hand rubs and pinches your nipple lightly. The other hunk continues to suckle on your hard, sensitive nipple. Almost aching now from the constant stimulation. You feel the fingers leave your cunt. Moist and open now. Between your legs, he grabs your knees and spreads your legs wide apart, revealing your sex for his complete consummation.

The two men hold on to your wrists and body so you won't be able to move much. Your kiss is still not broken and as much as you would like to look down to see the tool which you're about to take, you are unable to stop the rapture from the ministrations of his tongue on yours. You feel a knob press up against your clit and begin to move up and down, rubbing the sensitive bud while spreading your cunt lips open wider and wider. A little oil is applied to your moist opening and the sensations cause your juices to flow even more. While he continues to rub his cock head up and down your vaginal opening, you feel his hands open up your pussy wide, rubbing the sides and ensure that everything is well lubricated. His cock head presses on your clit again, rubbing. You let out a mewl which escapes into your other lover's mouth.

Your ass gyrates, pushing upwards, trying to take in the rod which is stimulating you and driving you out of your mind with mere thought and anticipation of penetration.

The knobby tool then adjusts itself, sitting right at the opening of your moist pussy. It is well lubricated both from the oil and your sex juices flowing non-stop. Slowly but surely, it presses against the lips of your vagina, spreading you apart gently. Your hips stop moving as you adjust the angle for best and deepest penetration. You feel your cunt lips being stretched now, with most of the knobby head still outside. A frightening thought suddenly struck you. Gosh, how much is he going to stretch me before he is even inside. You have no idea how fat, thick or long is his cock. As the well lubricated cock head continues to push into you, you moan in deep pleasure, groaning your satisfaction as it spreads you wide open. About an inch into you, as you can best estimate, and yet you're spread wider than you've ever been. It feels like someone is inserting a plum into your cunt.

Your reflexes take over and your cunt further relaxes allowing the enormous cock head to make its way further into you. Then, you hear a familiar hum and feel the sensations of a vibrator against your clit. The strong vibrations cause you to buckle your hips in an effort to take more of the large cock into you. Your cunt relaxes even further and with a sudden, deep stroke, your lover pushes his manhood all the way up into your pussy. The enormous head rubs up against your g-spot and you begin to shake and cum uncontrollably, squirting your love juices out from around his fat cock, still buried to the hilt, deep in your sexy pussy. The vibrator isn't showing any mercy either as cock and vibe drives you to orgasm multiple times in those few moments. Your cunt clenches tightly at the still hardening cock as you fuck him for all you're worth. Your hips grinding up and down, pumping, milking the stiff cock, enticing it to delve deeper into you.

Before your first penetration orgasm subsides, you feel the cock sliding out slowly. Your cunt seems to be grasping it, begging it to stay inside. Your hips follow. Your insides feeling empty, yearning for that sweet sensation again. You're not disappointed as when it is almost all the way out, he rams it deep into you again. This time, with a forceful thrust all the way inside, filling you to the brim. The two mouths on your nipples continues licking back and forth, suckling on your tits. The fat cock in your pussy slowly draws out again, getting ready for another deep thrust. Again you gasp involuntarily. Your senses overwhelmed with raw pleasure as your cunt is being invaded by the thickest cock you've ever had. Thick and fat, its motions quicken.

Your hips are lifted slightly by the other two men and they slide a small pillow to afford a better penetration angle from the plundering prick fucking relentlessly in and out of you. It is a comfortable, unhurried fuck. Each thrust pushing you closer and closer to an inevitable orgasm. The sensations are giving you a high like you've never experienced before. Three guys. Paying full attention to you. Touching you in every pleasurable way. Fucking you, driving you into complete ecstasy. Pummeling deep into you, spreading you wider than you've ever been spread. The cock in your pussy escapes you suddenly, and you feel the rush of the cool air as it caresses your sensitive nerve endings inside. Then, penetration. With a wet, sopping sound, the fat cock disappears again into your pussy and his hips meets yours.

The continuous hot fucking administered by this beautiful fat cock is too much to bear. You close your eyes tight and feel the familiar waves of your impending orgasm getting closer and closer. As if sensing your increased pleasure, he changes his angle of thrust to push up against your g-spot, rubbing at the most sensitive spot inside. You feel your juices building up, almost squirting out from your tight pussy. His fat cock continues fucking you, each time bring you closer to the edge. Suddenly, you erupt in unbridled orgasmic pleasure, thrusting your hips up and out to swallow his cock whole into your yearning cunt. You shudder and buckle under him as his cock somehow continues to squirm deep into you, prolonging the intense pleasure already washing through your body. You seem to be cumming multiple times, continuously as you are getting the fucking of your life. 

Then, you could feel the fat cock twitching inside you, erupting too as it spews massive amounts of cum deep into your hungry cunt. This drives you to another orgasm, albeit a less intense but still as satisfying. Like a good dessert after a meal. You slowly slip into unconsciousness. You hear your name being called but cannot respond. Then, you hear something exciting but again you can respond. These were the last words before you slip into deep sleep, "Time for doggy style. Get ready for it when she wakes. Don't let her sleep too long though."

...