 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 88: Work

It was many hours later when the subtle sound of teleportation came from the main entrance of Jhul's room. Following that sound was not-so-subtle slamming of doors and stomping of feet. Then, it was Caleldir's door that slammed open, and then quickly slammed shut behind her again. It was Jhul, but at that moment she looked very similar to the crazed dryad in one of her more stressed, unhinged moments. Actually, it rather looked like she had gotten into an arcane spat with someone, and things had devolved into fists and nails. There were no scratches on her body, and no blood, but there were tears across the fabric of her robes and missing ornaments from her mussed hair. 

Without a word, she stormed up to where Caleldir jumped out of bed. It looked as if he had just woken up, though he was quick to recover. She gave him a demand: "Service me, slave."

His eyes went shocked for a moment as he realized what her appearance was. Clearly, something was not right. Then he seemed to want to resist for a moment, but he quickly realized this was not the time. 'Servicing her' probably meant oral, so he could do that. As long as it was just his tongue. He bowed slightly. "Yes, my lady," he said quietly. "Where shall I service you?" 

"Here," she said. She didn't feel like messing with the collar to allow him to follow her. It was probably just as well that she didn't; otherwise, she might have been able to see signs of tampering. Highly fine-tuned, those devices were. It would take a very clever person a very long time to figure out how to deactivate it without Jhul or her mother finding out. Unbeknownst to both of them, Caleldir had both if only he could be patient enough.

The upset drow began to fumble with the ties at her robes until she managed to get them to fall to the floor. It came as no surprise that she was completely naked underneath. The drow Caleldir met generally didn't wear underclothes unless they needed it as padding to keep armor as comfortable as possible. Jhul was just as well-shaped and gorgeous as the next noble drow. Her skin was the darkest of obsidian except for the dark lavender color of her nipples. The top of her sex was covered by neatly trimmed fur - platinum, like the hair on top of her head would have been had she not colored it. When she sat down on the edge of the bed and spread her legs in his direction, she revealed the smooth, hairless folds as lavender as her nipples between her legs. She was already slightly wet and aroused.

Caleldir took a deep breath, swallowing as was his wont to try to keep his libido under control. She was as beautiful as noble drow usually were, and after all that time with Selene and Ashyr, Caleldir had developed something of a fetish for women who looked very much like her, right down to the lavender-tinged sexual characteristics. Fortunately, he had a lot of self-control too. 

"Get over here," she said. She leaned back slightly and shifted so that he could kneel on the floor between her legs and give her what she wanted.

Internally chafing about being ordered around by a drow who was neither of the two previously mentioned Duskhavens, Caleldir swallowed his pride and got down on his knees in front of Jhul. Closing his eyes, he leaned in to put his lips on her pussy, starting out with an almost lovingly intimate kiss, sliding his tongue across her lower lips, then into her sex as his right hand went up to caress the hood of her clit. He started out very slow and tender, moving gradually to rapid and forceful.

Caleldir's first contact with Jhul's pussy elicited a long, contented sigh. Clearly, she thought that that felt good. Her hand rose to thread through his hair. "I will let you grow this out, I think," she muttered to herself more than Caleldir. It wasn't like her slave actually had any control over his appearance. She got to determine what he did with his body probably for the rest of their lives, as was custom for a slave like him.

The hand threaded through his hair merely sat there for a while, not impeding his motions. But, as she got closer to climax, her hand gripped a little harder, pushed him a little deeper into his sex. The gradual buildup seemed to be well-appreciated, judging by the soft noises of pleasure that escaped her lips. It neither took too much time nor effort to get her to the point where she gripped at him very hard indeed. Then, with a sudden gasp, she nearly smothered his face between her legs as she shook briefly with orgasm.

It wasn't enough.

Still panting, she moved his head to force him to look up at her. Jhul's eyes were lidded with lust that wasn't quite satisfied. He seemed satisfied with himself until he read the Hunger unabated in her eyes. His expression quickly turned neutral. She contemplated his face for a few moments. In the end, it didn't matter what he seemed to think about the whole ordeal. 

"Take off your clothes. I want to see you," she ordered. Only then did she release her hold of him. She shifted back father onto the bed and lounged lazily on one elbow. The other free hand idly played with her womanhood - not quite masturbating, but playing with the outer lips and briefly dipping into her core. She was as wet and swollen as ever, and the blood rushing to her nethers turned them a more distinct purple hue.

Caleldir balked a bit, pulling back. Then again, his current clothes were embarrassing and annoying enough that he was not upset about not having to wear them. He seemed torn, looking at the way that she played with her pussy, and realizing that she wanted more. Probably wanted to go all the way. He was not going to let her do that without a fight, but in the end, it was probably a fight he could not win. He could try though. At least he could tell Selene that he had tried (Ashyr likely would not care).

And so, taking a deep breath and stepping away, Caleldir shrugged out of his robes and stood before her in the nude. The shape of his body was still his own: tightly muscled and slightly androgynous. His skin was now the same color as Jhul'une's: deep obsidian with certain sexual areas tending to purple. Like most nymphs, he did not have any real body or pubic hair to speak of. To his shame, the manhood he revealed was fully erect and was the only part of his body that had not been shrunken with the spell, making it appear a bit larger than it had before.

The revelation made her cheeks darken and her pussy begin to ache for something more than just his mouth. Alright, so she couldn't be too angry at her mother for surprising her with this fine male specimen.

"You are very beautiful," Jhul found herself saying. There was no need to flatter a slave. She was feeling better, though. The noblewoman was still experiencing the last of the afterglow from the first orgasm he gave her. But more than that; she was actually rather surprised at just how visually appealing his body was.

"It is my faerie ancestry putting up a subtle charm illusion," Caleldir explained. Not that she cared. Also, fudge. Not only was she complimenting him, but he felt rather pleased by the compliment. Why did it matter that she found him attractive? He was not hers. Well, technically right now he was, but he was going to go ahead and act like he was not. His loyalties were elsewhere, after all.

She moved back further on the bed so that there was space right next to her for him to occupy. "Lie down," she said, pointing to that space she made. Jhul shifted until she was on her knees with her legs spread just far enough that she could continue to idly play with herself. Her fingers began to brush against her still slightly too-sensitive clit and occasionally dipped into her core to spread its wetness across her sex. All the while, growingly hungry eyes watched her pleasure slave.

Caleldir finally put his foot down. "I realize that defying you is stupid, and you do not need my consent, but my manhood still belongs to another." He said, covering over (part of...) his cock with his hand and taking a step backwards. "I will not submit without struggle. I am sorry."

Jhul's eyebrows shot up this time. Then her platinum brow furrowed. Her expression turned determined - yet slightly uncertain as well. She'd never had to- she didn't want to- but it was necessary. Damn her mother and this entire place to the abyss! 

The noblewoman let out a long breath. Then she got to her feet and began to approach the unruly slave. No spells yet. She still had hope that she would be able to get him to comply without too much force. Jhul had no doubt that she was physically stronger than her pleasure slave. It may even be possible to convince him with words. She grabbed his wrist to pull him onto the bed. "Your body belongs to me," she told him firmly. "Forget the other. She - or he - will not be able to rescue you."

He resisted her pulling, but she was indeed stronger than him, so he could not keep her from pulling him into bed with her. "She will," he said firmly. "They have an artificial goddess on their side. They will find me in time." He softened. "Jhul, you do not seem to want to do this. If it is your duty to your mother that compels you, then we can fake it. She does not need to know that you do not want to dominate me. I am great at making up tales to entertain. If you wish me to, we can pretend that you took me every which way and forced me to submit to your will. I can behave like a dutifully broken, perfect slave for you in public. But in private, where no one can see you, you do not have to be like that. You do not have to do this."

But even while he said this, Jhul shoved him on the bed and pinned him down by his wrists on either side of his head. She straddled him and glared fiercely down into his stunning blue eyes. There was no attempt at engulfment yet, but all it would take is a dexterous roll of her hips. For now, though, they were having a conversation. A conversation that she probably shouldn't allow, but that seemed unimportant at the time.

Of course he would end up with the woman straddling him. That is what always seemed to happen to him. Frankly, Caleldir was wishing that, just once, the pattern would not prove inviolable, that he could get away from this without first feeling his cock in her pussy. Even if said cock was eagerly awaiting the seemingly inevitable. He had been a long time without release, after all, and the Frehelvi had only exacerbated that to maddening levels.

"You would have me try to deceive the woman I will almost certainly see before my next rest, but you will not make it necessary to lie to a woman you may never see again? Why cannot you make it easier on me and give in to my will? You lie." By the end of her words, Jhul's teeth were bared in a vicious snarl and there was a barely perceptible tremble to her body. Her hand clamped down hard on his - enough to be painful if he had been the noble drow that he appeared to be. 

"I ask this of you because you do not seem to actually want to do this," he protested. "Are you just having sex with me to please your mother? Does not seem a good reason. But I will see her again. I will. I cannot betray her. She made me House Consort, even if we were not yet able to broadcast that to the entire Underdark. I have to stay loyal to her until all hope is past."

"I want this," Jhul disagreed. Indeed, her pussy ached to have his hardness inside her, to ride him until she felt nothing but pleasure. The thought made her groan a little, and curl her body to run the wetness of her sex against his manhood. Which, she noticed, was ready and waiting for her. "And you do, too, it seems," she observed as she looked down at his expression. It seemed very likely at that moment that her pleasure slave was the sort to coyly refuse sex with the probable goal of making his mistress want sex with him even more than she already did.

Well. Jhul was not very amused. Forcing someone into submission was so much work. And for what, a male who pretended not to desire her?

"I am not trying to tease you with my refusals," he said. He did that with Selene, of course, but it seemed that Jhul was not as fond of that sort of thing as Selene was. "My biology is not my intentions."

Jhul didn't know whether or not to believe Cal that he was actually trying to refuse, not tease. A drow male from this part of the Underdark would be trying to tease. But he wasn't from these parts, was he? Not that it mattered in the end. Just as Jhul'une nearly decided to abandon this endeavor altogether, echoes of the very recent past nagged at the back of her head. She needed to do this. Because this was so much better than the consequences.

The noblewoman made another pass of her pussy against his cock, not bothering to release her grip on his wrists. He was fairly well-lubricated after she did this, which made her next move even easier. In one smooth roll of her hips, she completely hilted his cock inside her. He was the perfect length for her tastes, well-able to hit every spot that made her toes curl. She groaned at the sensation. 

Caleldir seemed to deflate a bit, stopping his struggling in time for her to take him inside her, his entire silken length encased in her velvet vise all at once. He let out a gasp that mingled with her groan. 

"See?" she asked in a slightly gasping, slightly moaning tone. "This is nice. You can endure this." Jhul wasn't sure if she was talking to her slave or to herself.

Jhul's words were... strange. Caleldir melted a bit. She was clearly in distress. Granted, she was raping him right this moment, but he was past that sort of thing being traumatic. Still, he could not give in this easily. His pride would not let it. And so, he said nothing, only breathing.

She began to shift up and down on top of him, slowing sliding his cock almost all the way out of her pussy, then engulfing him to the hilt again in smooth, steady motions. All the while, she kept her weight on his wrists to either side of his head. She didn't want him to escape before it was finished. At first, her eyes met his and watched his expression. But there was something about him being able to look back at her that made her uncomfortable. So she dropped her head and began to ride him a little bit harder, a little bit faster.

And it did feel nice. She did think that she could endure it. Jhul did wish that she could trust the pleasure slave enough to let him go and get him to contribute to the act. Her legs were going to get tired at this rate. She was no Ashyr, with the ranger's strong legs and endurance. She was a noblewoman even softer than Selene, and half a century younger. 

"You're going to try to get away again if I let go, aren't you?" she managed to ask through the gasp of arousal.

Jhul was young and soft, Caleldir thought to himself. Beautiful, of course, and a bit stronger than he was in his current weakened state, but she was not even the physical equal of Selene, let alone Ashyr. If he had been with her voluntarily and had not had his magic sealed, he would have hit her with a few spells to increase strength and endurance, but as things were that was not an avenue of behavior open to him. 

Which was a very strange line of thought to be having when his cock was in her cunt. Caleldir shuddered with the feeling again. Why, no matter how many times this happened to him, did it always feel so damnably good? 

"You have made your point," he gasped. "It is pointless to resist further. I... I..." he swallowed, and now would not meet her eyes. "I am yours," he said in a very small voice. It was not feigned. He did not like to submit to her, he did not want to submit to her, he felt very guilty about submitting to her. But what choice did he have?

Her pace slowed. Jhul lifted her gaze and searched his expression. Was he faking? Or was he just getting her to let her guard down so that he could escape? But where would he go once he did? The collar would keep him within the room. Perhaps he was finally doing the wise thing and accepting the inevitable, as she had done? That was what she chose to believe.

Jhul'une slowly released her slave's wrists and sat up with his cock still securely inside her. Caleldir did not try to escape. After all, he had indeed accepted the inevitable. But this was probably one of the least joyous unions he had ever been in. Right up there with the broken, desperate Selene raping him back those months ago.

The drow shifted herself to a slightly better position, then began to bounce on top of him in a much more strong, practiced fashion. Clearly, this was how she was used to coupling with a male. As she moved, she stopped looking him in the eye again. Instead, her gaze was slightly upward and unfocused. Her breasts bounced with each motion until both of her hands came up to grab and caress them. But one hand did not remain there long. Instead, it strayed down to her clit to begin furiously rubbing herself to hurry along her climax.

It wasn't long after that when the tension began to build in her body and her motions became almost frantic. It was easy to ignore the ache of tiredness her muscles when orgasm was so close. Then she gasped out, and her legs finally refused to cooperate. So he was fully hilted when her core began its rhythmic ripple against his cock as the pleasure of climax seared through her body. Jhul was silent, gasping throughout - and was trembling slightly, too. She didn't even seem to notice that he was there anymore.

It had been days since Caleldir had release, and he had endured an infuriating amount of teasing. The connection with Jhul was brief, but it was more than enough to take him over the edge. He just hoped that she didn't mind him cumming inside her. It was like he had any other choice.

Now that the strange, sad sex was over and his still mostly hard cock was still inside her, Caleldir gave Jhul'une another long look. She was beautiful, of course, and he did love the sight of a gorgeous drow woman astride him, but she also seemed very distressed. And he had no idea what to do. Should he try to help her get over her issues? Was that even his role? He wanted to pull her into a comforting embrace, but remembering how Selene had been about non-sexual touching... well, he was not sure. And so, he did nothing.

A few seconds later, Jhul'une dismounted unceremoniously and left Caleldir alone again.

--

Two days passed where Caleldir was kept in his room. She did bring him out once a day for her nightly relaxing soak in the tub. Not much was expected of him other than rubbing massage oil into her body, which usually ended with her being too tired to demand anything else. Then he was put away again, and left alone until the beginning of the next cycle when she would demand sex from him - he did not resist again, but neither did he participate. Jhul did remember to feed him, though at wildly varying times and almost as an afterthought. It was quite clear that she had no idea how to take care of a slave. She did look rather guilty when she finally did remember to bring him food, though she did not offer any excuse or apology.

Caleldir loved food, and would happily eat truly massive amounts of it, but despite his slender build, he was more than capable of going long times without food. He was more than a little annoyed by the fact that she kept forgetting to feed him, though. If had been allowed to leave the little room he was kept in, well, he could have fended for himself. As things were, he could summon and flavor water. That was it. He never lacked for drink, at least. Drink that provided no actual nutrition.
