 This is in the same series as other stories featuring my Lilith character.

*****

It was another drab day in Hell. The snow pelted hard on the castle walls, the wind billowed loudly past the windows and the screams of the damned were extra-irritating. Pinch was looking all over for her employer, Queen Lilith, as she was not in the throne room. Quite odd considering it was already noon though she probably just had a late night's fornication the previous evening and was too tired and hungover to get up. Pinch found herself at the door of Lilith's chambers and could hear sobbing from within. Concerned, Pinch slowly opened up with all of her minuscule strength to see the queen crying into a pillow on her bed. 

"Boss? You feeling alright?" The little imp asked, working her way closer.

"Pinch! It's terrible!" Lilith wailed.

"What do you mean!? Did somebody die!?" A distressed Pinch flew around in circles. "Was it Lord Belial!? I knew he was getting a bit on in years but this is just so sudden!"

"No...It's worse." Lilith picked herself up from the mattress. "The colleges are on break and my daughter is coming back home to stay in the meantime."

"Princess Lilim?" Pinch calmed down and floated down in front of Lilith. "...I don't see what the big deal is, Boss."

"Oh, that's right, you weren't working here last year."

"I think you mentioned her being a bit of a ditz once."

"That's putting it nicely." Lilith sat on the bedside. "She though Antarctica was a distant relative. Gets it from her father no doubt."

"Wow, that does sound pretty dumb."

"Not only that, but she threw parties and invited every single bloody student in the Ninth Circle to come round...every night! Just because the palace was the biggest place available. Why does Satan never let her stay with him? Good-for-nothing beatnik..." Lilith put a palm to her eyes. "I swear I never got a bloody wink of sleep last summer!"

"Was that because of the party or because of all the young college studs you seduced to go to bed with you?" Pinch quipped. 

"Hmm...that reminds me. She just phoned up this morning saying she got a new boyfriend from the Seventh Circle. Part of a foreign exchange program or something."

"I've heard rumours that Seventh Circlers are rowdy and barbaric even during the rare instances they are sober. Sounds scary if you want my opinion."

"I've made a few business trips there myself. You're completely right however they are also incredibly hunky. You know what that means?"

"Seduction time?"

"Very good, Pinch! You get a gold star." Lilith put a sticker on Pinch's chest.

"...Do you always carry those about?"

Lilith, Pinch and a handful of castle guards stood around the entrance hallway at the specified time of Lilim's arrival. Fifteen minutes passed slowly before the great doors opened wide and in came two heavily clothed figures, no doubt to protect them from the horrible weather the Ninth Circle was infamous for, each carrying heavy luggage which was thrown to the floor. The first of the two unzipped the big furry parka that was covering them up and let it drop to the floor to reveal the young Princess Lilim.

"Hi, Mom!" Lilim spoke in a loud, obnoxious American accent, probably picked up from hanging out with her trendy college friends. The resemblance to Lilith was uncanny, looking just like a younger version of her mother. She was quite a bit shorter and slimmer than Lilith, without as many curves or with breasts quite as large. Her snow-white hair was wavier than the Queen's and her skin was pink in tone. Her two horns pointed straight up rather than curled around like her mother's though they shared the same yellow irises. Clothes-wise, she was wearing something slightly more modest than Lilith's wardrobe: A low cut top featuring the popular Eighth Circle hip-hop artist, Q-Bus, and tight fitting jeans with a hole in the back to allow her grey, diamond tipped tail to swing behind freely. Lilim jumped into her mother's arms, embracing around her torso with her head in her bosom. "I missed you sooo much!"

"Yes, hello, Lily." Lilith gave a half-arsed hug back to her daughter before she was freed from her grasp, able to smell a cheap fragrance coming from her.

"Your highness." The guards said in unison as they all genuflected towards Lilim.

"Welcome home, Princess." Pinch curtseyed in mid-air.

"Omigosh! So cute!" Lilim hugged the tiny imp tightly, choking the poor thing.

"Ack! Boss! Help!" Pinch flailed abut.

"Alright, Lily, enough of that. I'm the only one who gets to abuse Pinch." Lilith separated the two like a referee in a boxing match separating clinching opponents.

"Oh, so you're mom's new secretary? Can I just say, you are literally the most adorable thing ever? Can I take a picture?" Before Pinch could answer, Lilim stood next to the subordinate with both their heads in the frame, taking a quick selfie with the latest smart phone model and already uploading it to every social media there is. "Oh, I almost forgot!" The other person who had accompanied Lilim had dressed out of his winter gear during the princess' shenanigans. A tall, muscular, blue-skinned devil with a single spike protruding from his forehead. His jawline was strong, his figure was imposing and his eyes burned red behind a pair of rectangular lenses.

"Aren't you going to introduce yourself, babe?" Lilim asked

"Hey...I'm Cain..." The blue demon boy mumbled, cracking an awkward smile. "It's an honour to be allowed to stay in the palace of Queen Lilith." Lilith was expecting a vicious savage wearing a loin cloth and carrying an iron club, making a bee line for the wine cellar but instead she was pleasantly surprised to meet this polite and smartly dressed young man. 

"Oh, stop! You're too kind!" The Queen laughed. "Just 'Lilith' will do...or 'Queenie'...or 'Big Mama.'" Lilith gave a sultry wink.

"Uh, okay...Lilith..." Cain Gulped.

"Come on, babe! I just gotta show you the pool!" Lilim tugged on her boyfriend's arm to give him a tour of her not-so-humble abode.

"Have fun you two!" Lilith smiled as they left the room, wiggling her claws goodbye before indicating the soldiers to take their bags away.

Lilith returned to her throne room, sitting her large, royal arse back down on her favourite chair and crossed her legs.

"Well, he was pretty cute." Pinch said, sitting down on the Queen's shoulder.

"Yes, but I get the feeling he is going to be a tough nut to crack." Lilith groaned.

"He does seem pretty loyal to the Princess." Pinch kicked her legs over the side. "Are you really going to steal your own daughters boyfriend?"

"Of course! He deserves better than that little tart." Lilith flicked the imp off, making Pinch squeak. "I may not be as young and nubile as her anymore but I more than make up for that in experience."

"I suppose it was a stupid question to ask at this point." Pinched rubbed her sore behind. 

"You're not as mad as you usually are, Pinch. Is something the matter?" Lilith asked her assistant with false care.

"Ya know, compared to your recent debaucheries, this one seems pretty tame." Pinch landed herself on one of the arms of the throne. "What ever happened to those nuns from a while back anyway?"

"I just put them in charge of cleaning the dungeons. They have gone clinically insane after all. Don't want them to give them anything too complicated for their poor, puny, broken minds. Of course, they also double as being cum-dumpsters for the various inmates I have locked down there when they're not using the handles of their mops to get one another off."

"Excuse me..." Pinch feebly fluttered away in the general direction of the bathroom. "...I think I'm going to be sick..."

A couple of days passed by and news spread about the surrounding area to the castle that Princess Lilim had returned home from her studies abroad with haste and, much to Lilith's chagrin, a house party was swiftly planned, organised and held at the castle. A swarm of young demonic students flooded into the castle one night, Lilith doubted if Lily actually knew all of them. Annoying club music was booming through the hallways as the 20-something-year-olds bounced up and down with their plastic cups filled with cheap corner-shop beer. Lilith was in her dressing room, going through all her old clothes for something that would help her blend in with the hip young crowd.

"You're really going through with this, aren't ya?" Pinch said, sitting on the edge of a stool.

"Look, are you going to help or are you just going to sit there and criticise me?" Lilith said, busy in the depths of her wardrobe.

"It's never gonna work...why can't you just use a sex beam or something? It'll be less embarrassing."

"Oh, come now, Pinch, you should know by now that I live for these kind of things. There's no fun without a little bit of challenge. Ah, found it!" Lilith exclaimed and stepped out of the closet after a short while. She was wearing a colourfully tie-dyed t-shirt tucked into a pair of flared jeans hitched up to her navel that partially hid a gaudy pair of white platform sandals with a native American style headband around her cranium and tucked just underneath her horns. "What do you think?"

"Pffft!" Pinch cracked up, guffawing like a crazy person upon seeing Lilith's retro look. "Where's the disco being held at?"

"Oi! I used to wear these all the time back in my day." Lilith made her way to the door.

"Wait, you're serious?" Pinch stopped her laughter and noticed Lilith's nipples slightly visible from underneath her shirt.. "Hang on, are you even wearing a bra!?"

"Relax, I got this." The queen disappeared before the imp could say anything further. 

Lilith arrived in the hall that was being used to host the party. It was one of the larger chambers of the palace, designed for social gatherings and large meetings, with a door that connected to an indoor garden and a bar located to the right which, of course, was being surrounded. One of the many benefits of being the daughter of a Devil Queen: Having a large available place for partying complete with it's own bar. Lilith squeezed past the crowd of buzzed students all bumping and grinding against one another, trying to find the sexy piece of hunkiness that was Cain. She could make out some comments and giggles coming from the crowd such as: "Does anybody know who that is?" and "What the hell is she wearing?" Luckily, Lilith did look quite young for a demon her age so she did not draw too much attention. The queen reached the bar, getting an odd look from a skinny, spectacle-wearing incubus with a scruffy beard.

"What it is, my soul brother?" Lilith greeted him with her outdated lingo.

"Uh...hi?" The young man said back, leaving with a confused expression. Lilith shrugged and shouted over the bar to the tender.

"Yo, Bif! Some service?" Lilith tugged on the shirt of Bifrons, a barkeeper whom Lilith regularly hired whenever she had friends/victims come over. The elderly, dignified demon turned around, surprised to see who it was.

"Baal's beard! What are you doing here, Mrs. Lilith? I didn't think this would be your kind of gathering." Exclaimed Bifrons. "And what in the name of Emperor Satan are you wearing?"

"Have you seen Lily anywhere? Or more specifically, that new boyfriend of hers? I think his name was Kevin or something."

"Oh, I see, a little bit of hanky-panky, eh? You minx." Bifrons winked.

"...never say or do that again, Bif..."

"Yes, ma'am. Sorry, ma'am." Bifrons coughed. "I believe I overhead some of these youngsters mention that Ms. Lilim and her companion had gone for a walk in the gardens."

"Groovy. Good look, Bif!" Lilith swaggered to the gardens.

"Um..quite, Mrs. Lilith."

Lilith was walking about the interior garden, full of bizarre flora collected from the various circles of Hell and even a few from the mortal plane and Heaven. The roof of the garden was enchanted with magic to simulate the open sky because of the Ninth Circle being far too cold outside to properly grow most of these plants. Right now, it showed a night sky with a full moon and constellations that could be seen from Earth, in full view and unobscured by clouds or light. There was a couple of the attendees, smoking and whatnot despite still being technically indoors, scattered about the pathway. Lilith would have to think of an ironic punishment for them some other time for making her Pazuzu Petunias smell of tobacco. In the centre of the gardens, there was a circular swimming pool with a small group of party goers gathered round or in the swimming bath casually drifting about, among whom was Cain and with no Lilim in sight accompanying him. Lilith smirked slyly while spying on them from behind an Orcus Oak. She could see a whole bunch of gorgeous undergraduates gathered in one spot, with their barely matured bodies on display. How could she not take this opportunity to show off a little? With a snap of her fingers, her nostalgic clothing was replaced with a snug, black sling swimsuit with her nipples poking out from underneath the two straps across her bust that did not even totally cover up her areolae. Down below, her vagina was concealed from view but her mature bush on the other hand was on full display. 

"Hey, still fits!" Lilith thought to herself. She materialised a fluffy, blue towel and draped it over her figure like a cloak as she strutted out of her hiding spot and towards the swimming hole. Lilith interrupted whatever bland topic they were discussing. "Hope you kids don't mind me joining you." Lilith flung her towel off her back, all the attention drawing towards the strange, skimpily-dressed older woman who seemingly appeared out of nowhere, too gob-smacked to bring up the fact that her pubes and part of her nubs could be seen.

"Who the fuck is she, dude?" One demon asked his fellow quietly as Lilith climbed the ladder into the water.

"You don't know? That's Lily's mum!"

"Queen Lilith!? What's she doing hanging out with us?"

"No clue, man, but I'm not complaining."

"Yeah, she's like the MILF version of Lily. Think we should say something about her bikini?"

"Nope!" 

"Agreed." Of course, Lilith with her keen ears could hear that conversation as well as any other mutterings going on around here, trying to act aloof but couldn't help to crack a smile upon hearing some of the comments coming from her audience. She doggy paddled the circumference of the pond, passing by a couple of others before she reached her target: Cain.

"Oh! Hello there, Cameron!" Lilith said, pretending she was not actively seeking him out.

"Uh...hi, Lilith..." Cain responded meekly. "...and...my name's Cain..." Lilith just ignored him.

"Oh? Where's Lily?" Lilith scanned the vicinity to make sure her daughter did not come back yet.

"Well, she's gone to..." Cain started to answer but Lilith spoke back up before he could finish.

"Don't worry, I'll keep you company." Lilith snuggled into the right hand side of the large demon, holding onto his arm and giving him a come-hither look. Cain turned his head away to hide his blushing face from the queen, wanting to remain loyal to his new girlfriend but at the same time, her mother wasn't bad-looking herself. In fact, she was even better in some departments.

Just as Lilith was thinking about what her next move would be, a new challenger approached when a voice shouted out nearby:

"Hey, dudes!" Lilim appeared! And she was wearing something even more revealling than her mother: Yellow star shaped pasties covering her nipples and with a heart shaped one stuck onto her pussy. Lilith and Cain had to do a double take since she looked completely nude at a first glance. "Sorry for taking sooo long. I forgot that these were still in my bag, not in my drawer! Like, total blancette moment, right? FML!" It took Lilith a brief moment to realise that everybody's, Cain included, attention was diverted away from her towards the nearly-nude Lilim who didn't even realise her parent was there, much less trying to outdo her which just irked the Devil Queen to no end. Lily ran towards the water, her tits bouncing as she moved, jumped off the edge and tucked her arms and legs into her body, shouting "cannonball!" and landing into the water with a terrific splash causing a torrent of water to hit her lover and Lilith square in the faces. Lilith groaned. Lilim jumped back up to the surface, shaking her head to get the wet hair out of her eyes.

"For Devil's sake, Lily!" A furious Devil Queen belted. "Watch where you're jumping!"

"Oh, hey, Mom!" Lilim smiled, not even realising she was being told off. "Why are you down with us? Sorry, we don't have hippy bands on the playlist. Who were your favs again? Leed Zipline?" Lilith grumbled, not even bothering to dignify her questions by answering them. Lilim shrugged and cuddled up to Cain's left side.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Lilith scowled

"Geez, did you forget, Mom? Cain's my boyfriend. Isn't that right, sugar?" Lilim quizzed her companion.

"Of cou-" Cain started.

"Cameron and I were having a mature conversation before you interrupted us with your little stunt." Lilith interrupted.

"Actua-" Cain began.

"It's not like you were here first." Lily butted in.

"Can you two ju-" Cain was getting slightly peeved.

"You left him so you could put on those tacky pasties." Lilith stood up and leaned forward to her daughter, her tits hanging low into Cain's face.

"Okay, I-" Cain blushed.

"It's the latest style, Mom! You wouldn't understand!" Lilim also rose upright, touching foreheads with the Queen and her perky bosom also squashed into the blue boy's head.

"Shut up!" Cain finally shouted, with a big pole protruding from his elastic trunks. Ashamed, Cain tried his best to cover up his arousal with his hands, quickly climbing out and scarpering off to who knows where.

"Oh, dear, what's gotten into him?" Lilith said.

"Great job, Mom! You scared him off!" Lilim groaned before she climbed out after him, one of the pasties had peeled off from her tit, now floating about in the water. She didn't notice and everybody else pretended not to either.

Cain had gone back to the guest's chamber in which he was staying in, somewhere far from the party hall with the music barely audible. He lay on the crimson covered bed-sheets, contemplating what had just happened, still in his swimming trunks and still slightly damp. The door creaked open.

"Honey?" A frail little transatlantic voice came from the crack. "Is everything okay?" Cain grabbed a pillow and put it over his crotch in an effort to hide his stiffy. Lilim walked into the room.

"Oh, hey, Lily..." Cain mumbled as the princess sat down next to him on the bed.

"You were sooo angry." Lilim placed her hand on his knee. "Did I upset you?"

"No...it was my fault for getting that pissed off over something so stupid." Cain sighed. "Though your mum can be pretty...um...forward."

"Anything I can do to cheer you up?"

"I'm alright now..."

"You sure?" Lilim removed the pillow and there was Cain's cock standing proudly before her underneath a couple of layers of clothing. He didn't even bother to hide the fact from his girlfriend. 

"Well...okay!" Cain grinned, flashing his large carnivorous teeth. The athletic demon stood up from the bed, facing towards Lily. He yanked down his shorts and underwear for her, his dick finally being let free from its confines and pointed directly at the royal daughter's face. It was veiny, circumcised and recently shaved of hair as was the literal blue balls swinging underneath. Lilim's heart raced as though she was seeing it for the first time again. She moved her head forward, opening up her salivating maw, her hot breath emanating and touching on the phallus causing it to twitch from the warmth. Just as she was about to consume his member, the door swung open again. The two of them faced towards the entrance and Cain could not believe what he saw next. It was a second Lilim! An exact duplicate save for the clothing as she was instead wearing tattered booty shorts and a small vest that showed off her navel and cleavage whilst going barefoot. 
