 Her shoes were not red. They were, however, little—too little for the feet that swelled over the satin tops and blistered deep inside the glossy, black toe. They made skipping an excruciating business. Still, one must skip, and skip she did, limping a touch on the downbeat and trying not to whimper around her forced smile. 

She swung the basket to distract from her insteps, forward and back in her left arm, forward and back. The wretched thing weighed a ton. Her mother's gift for Grannie lay heavy inside the hamper. She'd peeked at it already. One had to peek, and her special places heated at the sight of the neatly wrapped present. 

By the time she reached the woods, her shoulder ached and her nipples rubbed against the corset under her peasant blouse. Grannie's treat had her aroused enough to run a finger over them through the material. Her buds tingled in response. She stopped at the fringe edge of the trees, thumped the basket to the ground and rubbed at each nipple in turn. 

She pinched and rolled them through the fabric, and didn't stop when the woodsman appeared in the pathway. Red pretended not to see him. She let him get a good, long look. One had to look, after all. 

He cleared his throat a few moments later, and she started, dropped her hands to her sides and managed to blush. The blushing, she knew, was important. The woodsman took a step closer. He wore a fuzzy, plaid shirt that stretched over broad shoulders. His face bore a shadow of stubble about the jaw. 

"Oh," Red said. Her lashes waved at him. 

"It's a bit close to the forest for a young girl to be walking alone." 

"I'm taking a basket of goodies to my Grannie." She picked up her basket and her grandmother's treat from her mother. Not much love lost between those two, but then Grannie was her father's mother, and never had condoned his choice in wife. Still, one had to send a basket when the old woman complained. Red frowned and rolled the kink out of her shoulder. Of course, one didn't have to send it themselves. 

"You shouldn't go in there alone." He had to say that. 

"I'll be fine." She smiled at him and puffed her chest out enough that his eyes bugged. "I've done this lots of times." She took a step in his direction.

"I'd be happy to guide you."

"You have quite the shaft," she said. 

"Excuse me?" His face bloomed crimson.

"Your axe." Red blinked. "I'm sure it's effective, but I need to go on alone." One always went in alone. The coming out was another thing. 

The woodsman accepted her answer. He shifted his big axe to the other shoulder and continued past her, only following her with his eyes for now. Red smiled and waited until he'd gone. Then she turned to the forest and watched the darkness inside shift and beckon. Her feet still hurt. And the hunky stranger hadn't exactly relieved the tightness in her nipples. She tweaked one as she stepped on down the path. 

Goosebumps lifted along her arms. Still, one must enter the forest if the path led there, and here in front of her blistered feet the path twisted and disappeared into the trees. Red followed it until the branches blotted out the sun and the sound of a wolf whimpering stopped her feet. There had to be a wolf, she knew. She set the basket down again and watched the dark. He didn't have to be late, however. One of her glossy toes tapped. He didn't have to, but he was. 

She could hear him not too far off, but he didn't appear. The quiet of the woods echoed his whimpers, and they took on a rhythmic quality. Damn. She pinpointed the sounds, crossed to the thick brush and pulled aside a few branches. Behind these a clear pocket lay under the trunks, and in its middle the wolf squatted, his furred paws wrapped around the waist of Farmer Dell's collie, and his tail wagging merrily as he humped. 

Red blushed for real this time. She shifted her weight to the other foot and leaned closer. The wolf's tongue lolled between his fangs, and his hind end bounced against the dog's. Between her thighs, a new heat flared. She listened to the panting and felt her panties moisten until she couldn't keep her own breaths quiet. Reluctantly, she stepped back, frustrated and itching to be on her way even more so now 

She reached her hamper in time to hear the wolf's final howl of pleasure. Not long now, and though she debated skipping him, she decided against it and sat down on top of Grannie's goodie basket to wait. 

The collie ran off first. Red watched her go and sighed. The branches rustled and out stepped the wolf, late, still lolling, and completely unrepentant. 

"You're late." 

"One doesn't have to point it out."

Red yawned. She wiggled against her sticky panties and turned a bored look on him. "I'm taking a basket of goodies to my Grannie." 

"Again?" 

She stared him down. 

"Fine, fine. What a fine day for it. Mind if I peek?" 

"Whatever." 

She stood up and watched him hunch over the basket. He lifted the lid and let out a long whistle. "All this is for Grannie?"

"Mom says she's really hungry."

"Damn." 

"So." Red waited, but his nose remained pointed at the treat, fascinated. "So, I'm just going to take this path here on the left." She practically had to shout to pry him away. 

"Right. I mean, wrong. Don't take the left path. It's much too long. Go right, young mistress." 

"Can I have the basket back?"

"I suppose."

She snatched it up and glared at him. "Don't be late."

"One is never late."

"Right." 

She took the right path on his orders, but her steps stomped as much as she could bear in the nasty shoes. She couldn't get her mind off the image of his collie coitus, and the idea that they were heading for a rendezvous at Grannie's little cottage didn't help. She used her free hand to rub herself, lifting her red skirts and stroking over her panties until she stumbled and had to focus on walking again.

She swung the basket harder, but it did little to ease the building steam, and by the time she caught sight of the cottage roof between the trees, she had to fight off the urge to run right at it. One never ran. Skipping was fine, but today, her feet voted against either. 

Red whistled a little to warn them she was close. She lifted her feet higher, swung the basket one more time, and stepped smartly into the sunny clearing. Grannie's house. One couldn't miss it. 

A howl from inside the cottage stopped her. She frowned and stared at the thatched roof, the little, criss-crossed windows. There shouldn't have been a howl yet. Red kicked off the black shoes and flung them at the wooden door. They pattered and fell to the stones below. Silence. 

She stormed the cottage, pausing only for a second at the door to listen. Some things, one didn't want to interrupt. When no sounds reached her ear, she shoved the thing open and stared into the room. A big bed faced the door. She could see the occupant through the angles of sunlight and dust coming off the windows. He hadn't even put on the damned bonnet. 

Red slammed the door behind her. 

"You're smoking."

The wolf shrugged and grinned, showing all his pointy teeth too soon. 

"You're not wearing the hat."

"Oops." He snatched it from amongst the covers and pressed it over his ears. "My bad."

"Where's Grannie." 

"Here dear." One saggy skinned arm stuck up from the floor on the far side of the bed. It snapped ancient fingers and the wolf handed over the cigarette. 

Red squinted at the slippers showing past the end of the bed. The old bag had laid down on the floor, and if the trail of smoke wafting beyond the coverlet signified anything, it was one happy Grannie. "Damn it." She stomped her bare foot against the floorboards. "This is all wrong."

"Now Red," Grannie's voice chided. "Don't be so uptight."

"You're supposed to be in the closet." She glared at the wolf. "And he is supposed to eat me."

"Sorry." The wolf shrugged. "Already ate." 

Behind the bed, Grannie giggled. 

"Gross." Red dropped the basket on the floor and scowled at the scene. "Listen, I don't care what you two are up to. I've walked all this damn way in a pair of torture shoes, turned on a woodsman, watched two dogs humping and swung this monstrous basket the entire time despite the fact that I can barely walk. Somebody is going to eat me, damn it. Now!" 

"Don't shout, Red." Grannie sat up. Her silver hair had escaped it's tight bun and her bags sagged even more than normal. Despite this she had a certain glow about her. "It's rude." 

"But..."

"I know, dear. Grannie knows. Just you wait."

"Is it time?" The wolf stood up, tossing covers off, but still sporting the flowered bonnet. 

"Almost," Grannie said. "Into the closet, Wolfie."

Her old hands shoed the beast around the bed. Red watched her pass, her nightgown matching the Wolf's stolen head ware. They skipped like schoolchildren to the closet and opened the door. Grannie giggled and the Wolf's tongue fell long and pink between his teeth. It was enough to make one vomit. They tucked away inside and pulled the door shut, leaving her alone in the room. 

"What's the hole for?" She tapped her toe. 

"What's that, Dear?" Grannie's muffled voice. 

"My, Grannie, what a big hole you have in your closet door."

More giggles and a yip from the Wolf. 

"The better to watch you through, my dear." 

Red wanted to tell them both to piss off, but footsteps crunched on the path outside. 

She spun around. One mustn't be found in this condition. She reached up and grabbed the neck of her bodice. She yanked, and the fabric shredded, hanging in strips that exposed her breasts and pink nipples. She tossed her head until her hair was askew and then snagged one side of her skirt, tucking it up into the waistline to show all of one thigh and cement the impression that she'd just been brutally attacked. 

Someone in the closet giggled. 

"Shut up, you." 

A fist pounded on the door. A deep voice called, "Hello? Is everyone all right in there?" 

One mustn't be all right. 

"Help!" Red squealed. "Save me!" She fell back on the bed just as the door burst in. 

The woodsman clomped into the room. He dropped his axe inside the door and ran to the bedside. 

"Oh, help." Red made sure her chest heaved. She saw his heroic eyes widen. 

"What happened, miss?" He hesitated at the edge, leaning down and ogling her pert nipples, but not sure what to do about them. Red quivered her lower lip. She sat up, and forced tears into her eyes. 

"It was awful," she breathed the words and his spell broke. He threw strong arms around and pulled her close. She sniffled and pressed her breasts against him, enjoying the gentle scratch of his shirt. She wiggled and shifted position to make the most of it. 

"There, there," he said. One of his hands lowered and brushed the side of her breast. 

"There, there," Red said. 

His big fingers pinched her nipple. They were rougher than the shirt, and her pussy spasmed. She moaned just a little. His other hand lifted the breast, and he pulled back enough to dip his head down. His mouth covered her bud, hot and wet and with a tongue swirling around inside. Red whimpered and pushed into it's stroking. He licked it, sucked once, and then moved to the other breast. 

His fingers pinched and rolled whichever nipple suffered from a lack of tongue. His head bobbed back and forth, and his lips nipped and suckled at each tit until she had to spread her legs a little, to let some of her frustration out in a great wiggling of her hips. 

The woodsman groaned and pushed her back down on the bed. He stood up and grabbed her thighs, pulling her to the edge of the mattress and then dropping her legs open. His hands unfastened his thick belt, and he pulled his cock free. 

A gasp from the closet.

"Did you hear something?" He frowned and scanned the room, still holding his huge cock in one hand. 

"Nope." Red shook her head. "Nothing." 

"Good." He bent forward and aimed a dick that any donkey would be proud of at her. 

"Wait," she whispered. "I'm not sure I can. I'm not sure I'm ready." She'd said it and she'd meant it, someone was going to eat her. 

He groaned, but reached under her ass and lifted. His arm muscles bunched and flexed. He raised her up and up until her neck cricked and she had to support her back with her hands, elbows against the mattress. The woodsman hooked her legs over his shoulders. That was more like it. 

He licked her slit, his big tongue scraping up over her clit and then wiggling down to her opening. He lapped at the juices there, sucked her lips and licked up again, swirling his tongue round and round her button. His stubble tickled her inner thighs.

Red moaned and twisted, pressing up and trying to force him closer. Her legs tightened around his neck. She leaned her weight into one hand and used the other to search for his cock. He helped her out, standing more fully and dragging her up with him. His hips angled forward and she found the shaft bumping against her hand. Her fingers wrapped around it and his tongue responded with a flurry of licks. 

"ooooo." Red stroked him and felt his cock thicken even more. His mouth fell on her pussy and he sucked it all at once, pressing his tongue deep into her folds. "Oh! Now. I'm ready, now." 

She unhooked her legs and he tossed her forward. Before he could pounce, Red rolled onto all fours. She arched her back and wiggled her ass at him. 

He knelt on the bed behind her, big hands reaching for her cheeks and squeezing her soft flesh. They wandered over her hips and pulled her closer, until his fuzzy shirt brushed against her bottom, and his enormous cock rubbed between her legs, the head tapping her clit. She pressed up to meet it. 

He guided the head into her pussy, between her swollen lips, and pushed it inside of her. Red growled and wiggled onto him. She wanted all of it, every inch, and she'd had enough of waiting today. 

His groans only frustrated her more. She whimpered and pushed back until he got the hint and plunged his fat shaft deep into her. 

"All the way." She tossed her head and pushed back harder. One must go all the way. His cock stretched her wide, it slid out a little, then drove back again. Each time the woodsman thrust, she pulled him deeper. Her pussy sucked him in further with each stroke. Her heat built around them, and Red welcomed the fire. She reveled in it, and built it into her pleasure. She devoured him, pulling with her cunt on that massive cock, drawing each thrust further and further inside. 

He called out once, as her orgasm peaked. She heard his shock above her own gasps of pleasure. Each wave washing through her body, sucked a fragment of soul out of his. It fed her and pushed her up over the edge and into a sea of sensation. 

She watched his body wither as if from far away. His lust, his life, and his sexual energy spilled into her womb like semen. It burned through her veins and set her skin aglow. She shivered and let the orgasm fade slowly, relishing each tickling spasm. 

At last, she lay alone again. A belt on the floor, and an axe inside the door, the only evidence a woodsman had just given her the tumble of a lifetime—his lifetime.

The closet door creaked, but she didn't move to chide them. Soft footsteps, and Grannie's hand offered her the cigarette. Red took it, puffed once and let out a smoky exhale. 

"Wow." The wolf stared at the belt. "What the hell was that?"

"Training," Grannie said. "You did good, kid." She turned her attention to the hamper of goodies. 

"You're succubi?" Red heard awe in the beast's tone. "You never told me that." Awe and a touch of fear.

"Only works on human men, dear," Grannie said. "Don't you worry."

"Oh." He still looked worried, and Red had to chuckle. 

"Did I get the finish right, Gran?"

"Did the family proud." Grannie flipped the hamper lid up, and whistled between her dentures. "Damn. All this time, I was worried about your mother's influence."

"Your mother?" The wolf looked back and forth between them. "She's one too?"

"Ha!" Grannie snorted. 

"My mother is a Nymph," Red said. She sat up and watched Grannie unwrap her treat. 

"All give and no take," the old woman pulled out the vibrator and nodded approvingly at the thick shaft. She twisted the button and watched the thing wiggle—twin motion, four speed, and a light to find it in the dark. "Of course," she said, nodding and brandishing the toy. "Maybe giving isn't all bad." 

"I know," Red sighed and recited the lesson. "I know. Just don't let it become a habit." 

"Damn straight." 

The sex toy hummed and gyrated in Grannie's withered hand. One had to laugh. 

####