 This is in the same series as other stories featuring my Lilith character.

*****

Lilith sat on upon her onyx chair underneath the gaze of a dragon's skull attached to wall. She was hoping for a nice, relaxing day of nothing, just sitting down and alone with her thoughts but that was short lived as she could hear thumping coming from behind the walls. Very loud thumping at that. Lilith signalled the guards positioned down the hallway to prepare for the worst and all five of the elite gripped their halberds tightly, keeping an eye out for anything suspicious. The doors to the throne room burst apart from their hinges by an explosion of light and laid splintered on the floor. The guards all huddled around the wrecked entrance, weapons aimed towards the dust cloud that was formed from the bang. Suddenly, quick lasers came firing from the fog, hitting each soldier with incredible accuracy and knocking them back, temporarily incapacitating them.

"LIIILIIITH!" A booming, yet feminine, voice yelled out.

"That's my name, don't wear it out." Lilith said back, unfazed that her best warriors had all just been curb stomped. Another beam came towards her at breakneck speed. Lilith redirected it by batting it with the side of her hand, causing it to impact and leave a crater on the wall. "Heh, still got it."

As the fallout dissipated, a figure stepped forward, making a jingling noise with each step they took. It was a tall, light-skinned and young-looking woman with blonde hair that seemed to flow and shine like a river of liquid gold down to her lower back with a bright ring of light hovering slightly above her head to show her angel heritage. She had a pissed off expression on her face with her furrowed, golden eyebrows above her emerald green eyes with pouted lips underneath her little nose. She looked gorgeous even if her face was a little chubby. In fact, she did have quite an overall heavy body. She was wearing a spotless, sleeveless white toga, the kind that women wore in ancient Rome, that hugged tightly onto her body and showed off her wonderful cleavage, decorated with various pieces of jewlery. The sides of her toga below the waist split like a Chinese qipao that revealed her thick thighs and smooth legs all the way down to the caligae fastened onto her feet. She was holding onto a staff made of silver tipped with a large sapphire gem.

"Oh, Eos, it's good to see you!" Lilith said, looking quite pleased. "Goodness, you've put on a lot of weight."

"I'm not hear for chit-chat, Devil Queen." Eos pointed her staff towards Lilith. "You've been tampering in the mortal world again."

"Just a bit of harmless fun."

"Harmless!? Isaac! Read her charges!"

A young man came out from behind Eos timidly, Lilith did not even notice him slinking in the back because of how quiet and unassuming he was. He was decked out in golden armour, no doubt one of Eos' paladins. While most paladins are courageous, tall and bold, this one was shy, little and meek, with his longish, wavy brown hair almost covering his hazel eyes.

"So you're Isaac, huh?" Lilith asked. Isaac nodded in response. "Aw, you're just so adorable!"

"Th-thank you, m-ma'am" Isaac replied, blushing profusely while taking a scroll out from his satchel strapped on his side.

"Isaac, don't be polite to demons..." Eos said.

"Yes, milady! Sorry milady!" Isaac did a quick genuflect towards his mistress to apologise.

"Just cause you don't have any manners, Goldilocks." Lilith added to their conversation.

"So, do I read it out now?" Isaac asked.

"Yes, Isaac, we've rehearsed this a hundred times." Eos sighed.

"Sorry..." Isaac cleared his throat and began to read from the scroll. "Devil Queen Lilith of the Ninth Circle of Hell, you have been charged with the following crimes: Trespassing, molestation..." As Isaac rambled on, Lilith's attention was filled with all the nasty things she could do to the barely legal apprentice, staring at him with lustful eyes and even licking her black lips with her snake tongue on one occasion.

"Fuck, Eos, even I admit you have good taste." She thought to herself. Eos started daggers at Lilith as she could tell the hellish vixen was plotting something naughty while Isaac continued to read out his parchment, oblivious to the actions of the two females.

"...kidnapping, rape and being generally annoying within the mortal realm which directly falls under the jurisdiction of Angel Commander Eos of Heaven's Eighth Legion. Was that good enough, milady?" Isaac finished up.

"Perfect, Isaac." Eos patted him on the head.

"Sooo...what happens now?" Lilith said while picking her nose with a sharp, black fingernail, acting totally disinterested.

"What do you think? I'm about to arrest you." Eos got into a battle stance, ready to fight.

"You've been saying that for the past 12,000 years and I always kick your sorry arse back to the pearly gates." Lilith retorted.

"Ah, but I have been studying the ancient combat techniques of Heaven, I can exorcise anything from Cerberus to Rakshasa and I can extinguish even Satan's mightiest flames!" Eos boasted.

"That's nice, honey." Lilith casually snapped her fingers and ropes instantly materialised around Eos, that tied her arms behind her back, around her legs causing her to fall to her knees and, for some reason, a tight crotch rope too.

"Milady!" Isaac shouted. 

"Hah! You think mere strings can hold me?" Eos strained her arms but the rope refused to yield. "What the...?"

"You really think you are the only one improving your skills? I put powerful enchantments on those ropes. Your super strength and white magic has been sealed." 

"Y-y-you BITCH!"

"My, my, such a foul-mouthed angel." Lilith snapped her fingers again and a red ball gag appeared in her mouth, securely fastened around her head. Isaac drew his holy broadsword and pointed it towards Lilith with it trembling in his hands.

Lilith strutted towards the knight with a foxy smirk, she knew that to join the paladins, one must be a virgin due to some ancient custom bullshit, even though it was perfectly alright for them to lose it after joining but could smell that Isaac had not. Isaac back away slightly to keep his distance, trying desperately to remember his training and Eos was yelling through the gag at Lilith, probably telling her to keep away from him. Lilith slapped the blade out of hands and then pinned the apprentice's hands down on the ground and gave his cheek a big, sloppy, serpent lick. Isaac whimpered as he was powerless against the devil, kicking his legs in an attempt to get free. Lilith used her body weight to keep him down with her giant breasts squashed up against his chest. She used her razor sharp nails to cut the straps in the seams of Isaac's cuirass then pried it from his body as he squirmed underneath, showing his modest under-shirt underneath. Lilith threw the chest-piece over to where Eos was kneeling with a deafening thud as it made contact with the ground and spun herself around on Isaac's body a full 180 degrees, squeezing her thighs with his head in between. Her aroused, clothed cunt inches away from his face. Eos struggled in vain to break the ropes again or even move slightly forward but it was no use, she was helpless and could not do anything but watch. Lilith fumbled around his greaves for quite a while. She never was that good at stripping knights from the waist down. Eventually, she got them loose and they just slid off his waist till he was just in a shirt and shorts. Very tight shorts. Lilith tightly squeezed on the little bulge on them with a powerful grip.

"You poor thing. Big, mean Eos has you wearing such uncomfortable clothes. I better get you out of them." Lilith said to Isaac. Eos flailed about again when she heard this but to no avail.

"Stop! Please!" Isaac shouted.

Lilith had begun to slowly pull down the shorts to let his pubic area breath some fresh air and exposed his small, flaccid, shaved and uncircumcised penis.

"Aww! What a cute cock!" Lilith's gold eyes lit up as they laid upon Isaac's little dick.

"Ah! Don't look!" Isaac tried to cover himself with his hands but Lilith just swatted them away to continue gazing at his sex.

"Why do you shave it?" Lilith asked.

"B-because Lady Eos told me to..."

"Jeez, can you not even take a piss without her permission?" Lilith turned to face Eos. "Why do you make your men shave their pubes? Are you a closet shotacon, you sicko?" Eos did not make a noise to confirm it but didn't look Lilith directly in the eyes either. Lilith held the mini-penis in between her index finger and thumb, squeezing and rubbing on it as it slowly got longer with Isaac squealing pathetically. Lilith pulled back the foreskin with a sudden jerk, allowing the glans to be out in open. She switched from using just her fingers to her entire fist once Isaac got erect enough and spat on the very tip of his cock while pumping away at it to get it all slimy and shiny, making wet-sounding slapping noises whenever she brought her hand down on his body. Lilith lowered her crotch onto Isaac's face and he could smell the sweet, intoxicating scent coming from underneath her black leotard. The cock was now fully erect in Lilith's hand and was much longer and thicker than it's initial size would imply. In fact, it was way bigger than average.

"Now it's a manly dick. What do you think, Eos?" Lilith said with a mischievous smile on her face. "How does my pussy smell, Isaac?"

"It smells lovely, Queen Lilith." Isaac could not lie, he was kind of starting to enjoy being dominated.

"Don't you just want to lap up all of the juices?"

"I do, Queen Lilith."

"Be a dear and unzip for me."

Isaac moved his hands over her large arse and found the zip slightly above it. He discovered the tag and gently pulled, slowly splitting the seams over her behind and down to her crotch. Isaac opened it up and laid his eyes upon her bright red buttocks and the curly black hairs that covered her vagina. Isaac spread apart her labia with his fingers to see the moist, pink insides. He lifted his head and took his first lick of vagina, the salty yet pleasant taste struck his senses like a truck and overwhelmed his mind. After the initial shock wave, Isaac firmly grasped onto Lilith's wide hips and stuffed his mouth straight onto the source, greedily lapping at her cunt like a thirsty dog.

"Oh, wow, Isaac. You're a pro." Lilith said as she straightened herself up, now sitting on Isaac's face. She turned around to look at Eos who looked away in turn, pretending not to be interested. "Bet you wish he was using his magic tongue to eat you out right now."

Lilith moaned as she ground her hips on Isaac's head who kept his relentless assault on her heavenly, hellish cunt. Isaac repositioned his head slightly which is when he spotted another hole above the one he had been licking. The curious virgin boy moved his tongue up to this new orifice as Lilith tensed up all over in surprise, her black tail swishing about like crazy, swiping at Isaac's face a few times but he did not even flinch.

"Oh, you dirty boy! You like eating my shit-hole?" Lilith continued to play with Isaac's cock and balls, using one hand to pleasure his shaft and the other to fondle his scrotum.

After a while, Lilith got up from Isaac's face, who looked quite disappointed that she took away that lovely arsehole with her, and pushed Eos over with her foot so she was now lying on her back with her face up to the ceiling. Lilith got on all fours above Eos with her tits hanging down and her cunt directly above the poor angel's face.

"Isaac, baby, come here and lose your virginity." Lilith shook her behind making her cheeks jiggle slightly. Eos muffle screamed again. "Let me steal it right in front of Eos."

"As you wish, Queen Lilith." Isaac moved behind Lilith and knelt just above Eos a little further down her body from her head and positioned himself so his meat stick was aiming right for Lilith's hungry lower mouth. Isaac poked the slit with his cock and slowly moved himself forward as Eos watched with eyes wide open in absolute distress as the sweet boy under her command had his cherry popped by her rival literally right in front of her face. Isaac moaned loudly as his dick was swallowed by Lilith's warm, sticky, tight hole as Lilith groaned in unison with him. Lilith began to move her whole body to and fro, sliding his cock in and out from her cunt over and over, hitting her arse against his pelvis. Isaac grabbed onto Lilith's wide hips and pulled himself forward when she pulls herself back, slapping their bodies together. Lilith's pussy juices dripped down onto Eos' face. Eos tried to remain a dignified look, but her rage and grief was clear, much to Lilith's amusement.

"Do you like my pussy, Isaac?" Lilith asked.

"Yes, Queen Lilith! Your pussy is the best!" Isaac yelled out, continuing to ram into her and panting heavily. Eos could not hold back any longer and tears began to dribble from the corners of her eyes with an intense scowl on her face, biting down hard on the gag. "I-I-I'm gonna c-cum!"

"Go ahead and cum in your first vagina."

After a few more thrusts of his hips, Isaac yelled out Lilith's name as he shot his first bullet of semen into Lilith followed by more each time he bucked his hips into her. He pulled out and continued firing jizz onto her shiny latex covered bum and back. The white slime oozed from Lilith's used vag and leaked onto Eos' face. Eos' anger became anguish, as she began to sniffle and bawl her eyes out, her face turning beet red from weeping.

Lilith stood back up and looked down at the pitiful angel bound, gagged and shedding tears on the floor.

"Jeez, even I'm starting to feel bad..." Lilith said to herself.

"I could have sex with her to cheer her up, Queen Lilith." Isaac suggested.

"I like the way you think, Zac."

"...is that my new nickname?"

"It sounded better in my head..."

Lilith propped Eos up onto her feet and pinched her belly.

"Hehe, your big tummy is so cute." Lilith said. Eos just looked at Lilith violently. Lilith snapped her fingers as the ropes changed the way they were tied. Her arms were the same way but she was now hanging from the ceiling with a rope tied around her stomach and the ropes on her legs were now attached to the ground, forcefully making her spread them rather than keeping them together.

"She's all ready for you, Zac." Lilith said, spanking the angel's arse. Isaac walked up and carefully lifted Eos' robe and tucked into away into the rope wrapped around her mid-section that made her "belt". Her fat, white booty was clothed in her perfectly clean and snowy cotton panties. Zac then gingerly got his fingers under the elastic waistband and yanked them down her smooth bum, leaving them on her legs. Her curly pubic hair was the same gold colour as her hair and shaved into an upside down triangle shape and her actual vagina was quite moist as she had secretly been getting horny watching Isaac fuck Lilith and hoped the demon would not notice. Lilith did but decided not to say anything since it spoke for itself. Isaac gripped a handful of her right cheek, squeezing tightly and massaging it up and down as Eos let out some rather lewd moans. Isaac grabbed the other bun and squashed them together.

"Wow, it's even bigger than yours, Queen Lilith." Isaac said.

"That's only because I actually exercise. Eos hasn't had a proper work-out in years." Lilith remarked. "If you agree, Eos, then say nothing at all." Eos tried to speak up, but all that came out were muffles. Lilith chuckled to herself. Isaac's penis started to twitch at the sight of his mistress' genitals and, soon enough, was standing completely upright once again, poking against Eos' slit. Eos jerked her whole body when she felt the hard rod touch her, causing her butt and boobs to jiggle. Isaac grasped onto her cheeks once more and gave a lightning fast thrust of his hips, splitting apart her labia and knocking against her womb entrance. Eos' cunt walls hugged around Isaac's cock tightly, even more so than Lilith's since Eos only has sex with the intention of procreation which is not all that often. Eos' face flushed crimson as she was being ravaged by her subordinate from behind. Lilith was beginning to get turned on again from watching the two holies shag, stimulating her clit even being if she was just fucked hard a few minutes ago. Isaac was really going at it, like an animal in heat, he was biting his lower lip, watching his own shaved pubic area causing ripples in Eos' plump buttocks. He bent his upper body over her to get a handful of her elusive mammaries, squeezing them into her while jiggling them all over the place with the hot breath coming from his mouth being felt on the back of her neck. Zac removed some of her flowing, shiny locks on the left side of her head then softly kissing on her neck and even sucking on it slightly. Eos had calmed down a bit and actually seemed quite content. Apart from the humiliation, being forced to watch, being watched and the bondage, she thought it was quite romantic. Still, the guilt of having sexual intercourse with a man who was not her husband still lingered in her mind. She could only pray that he would forgive both herself and Isaac. 

Lilith had enough masturbating by herself, seeing how much fun the two of them were having without her. While Eos' eyes were closed in pleasure, Lilith made her way towards her and snapped her fingers, causing the ball-gag to disappear from Eos' mouth. Eos opened her eyes to see what was going on, and possibly give Lilith a piece of her mind but before she could utter a syllable, Lilith had put her cum-filled pussy directly onto Eos' lips. Eos' eyes bugged out and could not believe what was happening as she had never done anything sexual with another female before.

"Have some second-hand spunk, courtesy of my cunt!" Lilith said while holding Eos' head into her cunt. Eos, once again, became positivity livid, trying to scream at the Devil Queen but only having her voice suppressed by flesh and hair. The vibrations from her mouth moving, however, were pleasing Lilith who tensed up her vaginal muscles to secrete some more thick semen into Eos' mouth. "Mmm, you dirty bitch!"

The threesome continued for quite a while, all three communicating via sexual noises until Isaac finally spoke up. 

"E-Eos, Lilith, I'm about to ejaculate again."

"Yeah, I'm close too." Lilith said, with Eos' head still firmly in place between her legs. "I'm pretty sure Eos is as well. I can smell it from here."

"Can we all cum together?"

"Of course. All together now!"

Isaac was the first to go, shooting a batch of batter just as thick as the first time as he grunted, causing Eos to overflow like a bucket that had been filled too much. Eos came soon after, the feeling of the hot goo painting her insides triggering her orgasm. The moan Eos let out resounded on Lilith's crotch which set her off to squirt some jet fluid straight down the angel commander's throat. Isaac and Lilith fell back, totally spent, and Eos had seemed to pass out while still dangling like a puppet. Just then, Lilith heard a high pitched yell that she knew all too well.

"BOSS!" Pinch had returned after Lilith had sent her on some errands earlier in the day. She came fluttering past the wreck that was the doors to the throne room and the elite guard all knocked out and crumpled in a heap and, finally, the three stooges in the middle of the hall. Lilith still had her leotard unzipped from the bottom with her vagina showing and clearly having been fucked not too long ago, an unfamiliar, half-naked lad who she hoped was of legal age was sitting down at half-mast and a sleeping angel with a cream-pied cunt strung from a rope. "What in the actual fuck!?"

"Oh, hello, Pinch." Lilith said, trying to sound composed. "Um, this is Isaac. Zac, this is Pinch, my maid and secretary."
