 NOTE: This story is a sequel to "The Warlord's Kitten" and probably won't make much sense unless you've read it. For anybody who insists on reading anyway, Lin'qa is trans.

*****

A smelly, smothering presence invaded Lin'qa's dreams, and she felt herself starting to awaken in a hurry. The presence didn't go away, and in fact, mashed into her face even harder, forcing her brain to acknowledge that something was happening to her physically and not just in the dream.

"Gaaah!" She cried out grumpily, twisting her face away from whatever it was that was smothering her. Sleep started to close in around her again the moment she got free, but the moment wasn't long enough to actually drift very far. The intruder found her face again, pressing uncomfortably into it. "Alright! Alright! I'm getting up!" She whined, exerting her entire strength to push the invader away so that she could sit up and see what was happening. Laniwyn's foot had been mashed into her face to awaken her. Her elven friend loomed above her, looking down with a critical expression on her face.

'You awake?' The deaf elf's hand flickered in a graceful display of sign language. No doubt she'd have seen Lin'qa whining about the fact that the elf's foot was in her face, but wouldn't have actually heard her declaration of wakefulness.

'Yes,' She signed back as she sat up, a sour expression on her face.

'Good. Get up, you're gonna work a half-shift in the kitchen today.' Laniwyn withdrew her foot and as soon as she finished signing, placed her hands on her hips.

'The Kitchen? Laniwyn I haven't worked in the kitchen since—' She stopped. "Since Momma got sick" was the second half of that sentence, but she couldn't bring herself to sign it. Instead, she just looked away so that she wouldn't have to see what her friend was signing to her. She heard the elf move, but didn't see what she was doing until a hand on her face roughly dragged her gaze back to her.

'Lin, I'm really worried about you. It's fine to grieve but you've been moping about for two months now. You need to do something. Anything. Today it's gonna be working a half-shift in the kitchen with me, so get your cute ass out of bed.' Laniwyn glowered at her as her hands signed rapidly. She always signed more quickly when she was agitated, and after a few decades of friendship, Lin'qa's ability to read rapid signing had improved drastically.

'Maybe another day, Laniwyn, I don't—' "Owwww! What the fuuuuck!" She squealed as Laniwyn grabbed her by the ears and pulled her upwards, forcing her onto her feet, her vocal whine literally falling on deaf ears. Laniwyn shoved her towards her closet and glared at her.

'Get dressed. Or be naked, I don't care, but you're coming with me.'

It wasn't until two hours later, as Lin'qa was chopping some celery, that she realized she actually was feeling better. It had been a bit distressing when the only person in the kitchen that she recognized other than Laniwyn had been this Orcess named Hezlu who used to wash dishes for them. She was the sous-chef now, and s he'd warmly greeted Lin'qa with a crushing hug.

"You gonna be with us more often again, Kitty?" Hezlu asked during their break, before it was time to get into full swing preparations for the evening meal.

"I dunno... And, uhh... can I ask you to call me Lin'qa? Or just Lin is fine." She mumbled as she tasted the rice dish Laniwyn was working on. It was amazing, of course. Laniwyn was... really amazing.

"Heyyyy, Lin, don't cry," Hezlu grabbed Lin'qa around the shoulders with a strong arm and hugged her into her cleavage. Lin'qa hadn't even realized she had been crying.

"Uurrrhm fuurrn." If Hezlu understood her muffled voice, she didn't show it, because she squeezed tighter and held her there for several moments before letting her go. Lin'qa coughed a little and whined. "I'm... fine." She repeated herself, a little more clearly without the cleavage.

"You know, I went out drinking with Ravla a few nights ago, and once I got her piss drunk, she started talking about you. Wouldn't stop crying about how much she misses you, actually. You should go see her." Hezlu grabbed a mug of her beer and downed half of it in one go. Lin'qa had a feeling that she went out drinking a lot, with or without Ravla.

"That's a really good idea, actually. Maybe I'll—" She trailed off as Laniwyn stalked up to the two of them.

'You're gonna go see Ravla?' She signed.

Lin'qa frowned at her in confusion. 'How did you know what we were talking about?'

'I can read body language just as well as sign language. Go see her, get outside for a bit. I'll pack you some food to bring her and I'll see you tomorrow. Full shift.' She walked away without giving Lin'qa a chance to protest.

She was tidied up and out the door with a bundle of food for Ravla within the hour. As she travelled across the courtyard and looked up at the anti-air towers, she was filled with a sense of absurdity. It felt wrong for her to to be walking out of the fortress alone, past the heavily defended gates and towers with the guards barely even giving her a second glance.

Her mind wandered to Dellie. She hadn't seen the other Rakshasa since right before Zagrath retired. Her former master was probably dead at this point, just like Momma. Maybe she was free? Maybe Dellie was Daliyah now, the same way she wasn't Kitty, she was Lin'qa. She abandoned the thought as she reached the building where Ravla lived. There was no way for her to find out where she'd gotten off to. 

Ravla's house was... quaint. Lin'qa had never seen it before, even though she'd been there when Ravla was born, and had babysat her... Goddess, she couldn't even count how often. Even with all that, Ravla had grown up and gone on to live her own life, and Lin'qa had spent her time at Momma's side. She'd just sort of assumed that Ravla would live in a nice place, being the Chieftain's daughter, but apparently she was just like any other member of the clan. She'd heard often how much the society of the Fifty Clans disliked showing people preferential treatment, but it was still weird to see Momma's daughter being a soldier like everybody else.

"Ki— Lin'qa. Nice to see you up and about, finally. Mrani didn't kick you out of your room, did she?" Ravla was brewing some tea over a little fire in the hearth.

"No, I still have it. I worked in the kitchen a little with Laniwyn, today." Lin'qa set the rice dish she'd brought from there down on the table and started to unpack it. It was cooked in a red yogurt-based sauce that Laniwyn had absolutely loaded down with spices and then added some chunks of beef to.

"Good. She seemed a little down about the idea of you staying there at first. I had to get her in a headlock before she reconsidered." Ravla snickered and started pouring the tea.

"I don't believe that for a second, Ravvie." In spite of herself, Lin'qa smiled a little, and Ravla snorted derisively.-

"Did too. Mrani is a total punk. No match for Chief Rugana's daughter." She put the kettle away and sat down with a heavy grunt and a pained expression. "Caught an elbow in the ribs today. Don't you snicker at me! I'm the toughest bitch in this family now that dad's gone, magic or no magic."

Lin'qa suppressed the rest of her giggle and handed her a plate of food which she started tearing into immediately. "Is that what we are? A family?"

"Fuck this is good," Ravla spoke into her food, and cleared her throat after inhaling a third of the plate. "Are we? I dunno. Depends if you decide to stay here with us or not. You thought about whether or not you're gonna go see your parents?"

Lin'qa winced. She'd been trying very hard to avoid thinking about that, actually. "I did sort of wonder what happened to Smoke. Momma avoided talking about her after that time I tried to run away."

"Really? Dad basically chased her out ages ago. She said it looked bad for negotiations with the U.R.F. and that Smoke wasn't trustworthy. You basically never left her side, you didn't know about that?" Ravla kept eating, but at a reasonable pace now.

"N-No..." Lin'qa's voice caught in her throat. Momma had done that? She knew then for certain that Momma did it because of how Felida had turned her in. She'd done it for her, in a bizarre way, and without ever telling her. A wave of sorrow and grief welled up within her, and she expected herself to start crying, but she didn't. Five seconds passed, ten, fifteen, and finally she heaved a sigh, and started eating her food. It was really good.

"Well, and there's also been rumours this month that she's working with Adder's Bite. You know how it is, Dad finally dies and now there's stories that people are gonna take her legacy down. Sounds like a bunch of shit, to me." Ravla shook her head, and rolled her eyes.

Lin'qa paused, her spoon halfway to her mouth. Adder's Bite... what clan were they? She'd stopped following the local politics the past few years. "What are Adder's Bite up to?"

"Leading a counter coalition. They want to start a war with those stupid humans. Uhhh... The something... Empire? Can't remember. But Adder's Bite have gotten their hands on some weird new weapons that they're using in skirmishes with smaller clans. People are saying it's Smoke providing them." Ravla finished off her plate, and started getting herself some more.

Lin'qa put her fork down, and scowled at the half-finished food. This was what her sister was doing? Not just selling off the family's property, but starting wars. She felt anger down in the pit of her stomach. Not just starting wars, but trying to break what Momma had built. "I... I actually do think I need to go home. I need to... talk. I need to have a talk with my Sister."

"Are we... still talking about Smoke?" Ravla asked, not slowing down the rate at which she was inhaling Laniwyn's cooking.

"Yeah. Yeah we are. Do you think Chief Mrani would let me tag along on a ship to Lek?"

Ravla laughed, and flashed Lin'qa a giant grin. "She will if she doesn't want to end up in another headlock."

***

Something felt... perverse, about walking through these doors again. She'd spent decades in this room, Momma's room. Slept in the bed and on the floor. Sometimes in the big chair. Momma had given up the room when she'd retired as Chieftain, and they'd moved into something smaller, still within the fortress walls. Momma had retired, but she still gave her successor advice every now and again.

Chief Mrani eyed her suspiciously as she walked through the doors, and a pair of armed guards stopped her as soon as she crossed the threshold. "That's far enough, Kitty. We can speak from this distance." The orcess had a rough, gravelly voice, ever since she'd gotten a crossbow bolt through the throat twenty years ago.

"Mrani, I've known you since you first joined the Clan," Lin'qa frowned at the orcess. More than that, she'd been involved in the decision to groom Mrani as Momma's successor. It had still come down to a vote, of all things. Lin'qa wasn't sure how such a ridiculous system of choosing the Clan's leader was ever a good idea, but apparently that was what happened when the title passed peacefully.

"Yeah, and you had shackles on, then. Just because I'm letting you stay in my fortress doesn't mean I trust you to hold a knife to my throat." Mrani scowled at her, angrily. She hadn't liked Lin'qa's comment about how long the two had known one another. She wasn't sure what she'd said wrong, there.

"The shackles haven't worked since the assassination attempt, actually." Lin'qa pulled a thread of magic from the source, and wove the illusion of the four metal bands around her thighs and upper arms. One of the bands was still there, of course, so all she had to do was create the illusion of the runes. The others she formed the entire thing, holding the image there for a few seconds before letting it melt away. "Momma had them disabled. I did what she wanted with my magic for decades."

"Fucking Rugana," Mrani muttered. "That bitch is dead and I'm still just learning all the ways she outsmarted everybody. Fine then, come inside. What are you even here for?"

"Laniwyn and I are going to Lek. Can we tag along with the next ship going there?" Lin'qa took several steps inside the room but still kept a little distance from Mrani.

"What? Laniwyn is leaving? Fuck." Mrani scowled at her as though it was her fault and not Laniwyn's own decision to make. "Ugh. Fine, I'll have a word with one of the Captains, someone will have space for two passengers."

"And... I was wondering if you could spare me some money? Just a little to get by at first."

Mrani narrowed her eyes at Lin'qa without saying anything. Her incredulous expression was asking why she'd ever just give Lin'qa some 'free' money.

"Come on, the Clan owes me. Maybe not much, but..." Lin'qa wasn't sure if she should be upset, or ashamed. She definitely experienced both emotions.

Mrani grunted, and took a pouch off her belt. She removed most but not all of the coins that were jingling around inside, and then threw it to Lin'qa. "That's from me, not the Clan. The Singing Spears don't owe you shit, but we set you free anyway."

"I'm the one who recommended you to her, you know," Lin'qa knelt down, gathering up the two coins that had fallen free of the little pouch and putting them back inside. When she lifted it up, it felt like... eight? People who helped out in the Kitchen got two and a half for a day's work. "I thought you'd be a good protegee. You're kind of a cunt, but I still think I was right."

Mrani snorted at her, an especially porcine sound that she'd made for as long as Lin'qa had known her. She was actually kind of self-conscious about it, so Lin'qa didn't point it out. "Appreciate it. No hard feelings, kitten. You come pay us a visit some time. Maybe I'll find some work for you." Mrani stopped talking and paused, hesitated for a little, then grumbled as she made up her mind. She walked over to Lin'qa and rubbed her head, the same way she'd done when Lin'qa had worn the collar.

***

The door clicked shut behind Zagrath, and a moment later, the rasp of a lock shifting around, sealing the two of them inside the room. Dellie turned her head towards Kitty, and grinned. "Master said I'm in charge while he's gooooonnneee~" Dellie giggled wickedly.

"W-What? When did he say that?" Kitty pouted, recoiling a little at the assertion.

Dellie walked up towards Kitty, an innocent smile on her face. She got close, maintaining eye contact with Kitty, getting in her face up until the moment that she was so close that Kitty wouldn't be able to see what she was doing with her hands. She grabbed Kitty by the balls, and squeezed threateningly, her grin growing as her grip tightened. "Is Kitty being a bad girl? A good bitch doesn't question what her Mistress tells her."

Dellie had been pushing boundaries with Kitty pretty much non-stop since that first day in the hot springs. Every time she pushed, she was rewarded with a new thrill. A new hit of power and authority over the other girl. When she'd heard that Kitty and Rugana had been hurt, and almost killed, she'd worried that she'd never see the other Rakshasa again. Kitty wasn't just her bitch, she was her friend. Now, she was going to make sure Kitty didn't get away. At least, not until Master Zagrath and Momma Rugana got back.

"Dellie, I'm no—!" Kitty stopped talking, and let out a tiny little squeak. Dellie felt Kitty's testicles press into the flesh of her palm a little harder as she squeezed.

"I'm only Dellie when Master Zagrath or Momma Rugana are around. When we're alone, I'm Mistress." She purred, nuzzling into Kitty's neck. Kitty shivered and whined softly as Dellie released her grip, letting her clitty free and giving it a squeeze. Rather than wait for a response, she opened her mouth and bit down on the sensitive spot on Kitty's neck, slowly increasing pressure until the other girl's legs went limp. She dug her nails into the girls skin just below her collar bone and started to draw them downwards. She moved slowly, every inch her nails moved made Kitty yelp and shiver. Dellie started to support more and more of her weight as Kitty went limp. Once her bitch was basically not supporting herself at all any more, Dellie dragged her over to the mat on the floor that she slept on.

"M-Mistress Dellie?" Kitty asked woozily. Her eyelids fluttered open, shedding a bit of the drunkenness they'd had. 

"Nope." She replied, slapping one of Kitty's sensitive breasts to making the girl yelp. "Just Mistress. I was very explicit about that."

"Are you sure we're allowed to be doing... this?" She murmured, wincing and rubbing the breast that Dellie had just slapped.

Dellie giggled wickedly as she squatted over Kitty's face. They weren't really allowed to do this without Master present, but then again, he'd also left the two of them alone in the same room together. She doubted she'd ever get punished for this. "You just let Mistress worry about that, Kitty. I know what I'm doing." She hovered there deliberating for several moments, her pussy just inches from Kitty's tongue. It wasn't that tough of a decision, she got her pussy eaten every now and again by the Orcs, and this was less about getting off than it was about dominating Kitty.

With a grin, she angled herself forward and lowered her ass down towards Kitty's face. Without even delivering a single instruction, Kitty's tongue darted out past her lips and got to work as soon as her hole got close. Dellie hummed happily, enjoying the feeling of Kitty's soft lips and wet, warm tongue. It was so different than having sex with her various Orcish Masters. With a quiet sigh, she settled a little more of her weight down onto Kitty's face and got comfortable. She let her gaze travel across Kitty's body, settling on her puffy pink nipples. A sly smile crossed her lips and she reached down, filling her palms with the small mounds of flesh that only really looked like breasts when she squeezed them.

Her thumb and forefingers captured Kitty's nipples, and began to slowly knead and tease them. She was careful to be gentle, and to treat them delicately. She'd squeezed them a little hard when Kitty had first started hormones, and the resulting shriek had brought a guard running. The response was immediate, Kitty's tongue languished and its pace slowed. Her lips occasionally lost contact with Dellie's ass to let out tiny little whimpers and moans. Her hips sporadically bucked forward a little, her clitty twitching. She didn't make an effort to touch herself, though, Rugana had trained her too well for that.

Sadistic inspiration running through her, Dellie wiggled her hips, grinding her bottom on Kitty's face. She started to pinch the nipples that she had captive between her fingertips. Kitty's reaction took a while to catch up with the change in how Dellie was fondling her. She grew a little impatient, and tugged a tiny bit harder. Kitty let out a squeak of distress, her hands clenching. The shock didn't last long though, and she locked her lips back into place, pushing forward with her tongue until the wet little organ penetrated past the ring of muscle. Kitty began to rim her in earnest, as though if she just licked and sucked hard enough then she could get Dellie to stop squeezing her nipples. It wasn't the worst idea the other girl had ever had, all things considered. Dellie didn't stop though, mostly because she didn't want to.

Dellie hissed a little impatiently as her sense of want surged, her desire for stimulation. She pressed her weight down further on Kitty's face, smothering the poor girl beneath her. It wasn't long before Kitty started to squirm and thrash a little bit, and she let her up "You getting enough air down there, Kitty?" Dellie snickered, and lowered herself back down after Kitty's gasps slowed down a little. Kitty mumbled out a response that Dellie decided to assume would have been 'Yes I am, Mistress' in the absence of a butt on her face.
