 Author's Note: This was meant to be short but I spent more time than I expected to on this one. This is my third draft so if there any repeats or inconstancies still in there I apologize. I'm pretty sure I fixed 99% of them but even the most skilled editor will miss one or two things. I don't really have any more ideas for it working on some erotic fairytales starting with Snow White then Goldilocks and other short eroticas and nonerotic prompts. I hope you enjoy as always!

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Andromeda trembled. The spray of the sea on her fair skin and in her wheat colored hair mixed with the salt of her sweat. She was drenched in fear and sea spray chained to the wall inside the sea cave waiting for the beast to devour her. And it was all her mother's fault. Why did the woman have to offend the gods? She knew how jealous and easily offended they were.

Now Andromeda was to pay the price. The 18 year old princess's face became wet with the salt of her tears as well as the crashing waves. Her fine silk dress clung to her curvy body, her nipples stiffened from the chill and began poking enticingly through her purple dress. Her damp wheat colored hair plastered to her face and throat and the chains chafed at her fair ivory skin. 

Hot tears stung her olive green eyes as she slumped against the damp cave wall. Suddenly Andromeda noticed a serpentine movement in the water. Green iridescent scales flashed in the little light that shone through the cave. A cold worm of fear gnawed at her spine. Her heart froze in her chest as if someone had reached into her rib cage and squeezed it. 

A growl echoed through the cave, a deep rumble that could cause an earthquake, as the creature grew ever closer. Andromeda struggled against her chains, her eyes ever vigilant on the monster until to her confusion the giant creature seemed to shrink and morph. A few minutes later a scaly webbed hand breached the water. A fish man climbed out of the dark blue waters still changing from a scaly fish man to a normal human.

Andromeda's eyes widened in disbelief as a handsome young man stood before her with eyes ever changing blue, gray, green and fathomless like the sea, gleaming skin with rippling taut muscles, auburn hair with streaks of red, and olive skin smiled wickedly at her. His vibrant eyes raked over every inch of the princess's body, her every curve, every bit of exposed skin and through her wet clothes and devoured her in such a way that made the princess swallow hard. She felt more exposed than ever before.

Her fear almost dissolved in the wake of wonder of such perfection: lean muscles marbled to perfection, two perfectly formed pecs with dark nipples stiffened from the cold. Her eyes went lower over his rippling stomach, ab muscles carved to shame the strongest man going into a "V" of his waistline that lead to... by the gods... What lay between his muscular thighs was something akin to a thick sea serpent! A lusty feeling of warmth stole over her. She rubbed her thighs together against a sudden ache, an image flashing in her mind of its length rubbing itself all over her... pushing inside of her.

"Who are you?" Andromeda demanded, yet her voice quaked with fear as the monster stalked towards her. His fingers caressed her wet cheek. His touch gave Andromeda shivers. Pleasurable shivers. She didn't expect his skin to feel so... smooth. His fingers sent waves of fire through her.

The monster looked up into Andromeda's wide olive green eyes, staring deep into her soul with his fathomless pools. His nostrils flared as if smelling her fear, but the creature smelled more than just terror. There was that slight hint of curiosity that always precluded arousal whenever he came upon a mortal woman.

"Cetus," he said in a voice like salt wind and rough waves that made Andromeda's stomach tighten with an emotion she couldn't name out of shame. "I have come here to devour you to please the gods... and myself of course."

Suddenly the desire that clenched in her belly was replaced by terror. His gaze burned with such intensity Andromeda felt her soul shiver. 

"You wouldn't want to eat me!" Andromeda pleaded, her olive eyes wide. "I'm bitter and rough. I'll give you a stomachache!"

Cetus highly doubted that. By the looks of her she was soft, pliant, and the sea monster bet that she tasted the sweetest. A dangerous smirk played across his sinful lips, sharpening his handsome features. He watched as crimson bloomed on her fair skin. He licked his lips as he watched her lush bosom rise and fall, her nipples growing taut and puckering through the fabric. He wondered what they would taste like.

Leaning forward, Cetus's breath caressed the princess's throat as he inhaled her scent: the salty sea, wild flowers, and her human fear. He would soon turn that fear into passion. Touching his lips to her neck Andromeda felt every bump on the flat of his tongue against her quickening pulse. She went rigid with terror yet at the same time her pussy quivered while every nerve lit up.

"You're such a liar, Princess," Cetus whispered hungrily, his breath hot and caressing her throat. "Never have I tasted flesh so sweet." He gave the pulse of her neck a small gentle suction drawing out a whimper from her beautiful chapped lips. His hand reached up, caressing her round face, his thumb massaging a spot behind Andromeda's ear that sent a tremor of heat to her belly.

Andromeda couldn't help but melt a little. He wasn't at all what she had expected. But then again the gods were great deceivers. Never accept a gift from the gods. Had not Pandora been the first case? A beautiful woman who's curiosity unleashed evils upon mankind. Yet Cetus's touches were so careful, decisive. He knew just where to touch her and when. She felt her traitorous body relax until...

"Ah!" Andromeda gasped sharply the minute she felt something cool and slimy touch her delicate royal skin. Her olive eyes widened in horror to see that a pair of tentacles were lightly exploring the skin of her arms, slowly traveling down to the sides of her breasts then her hips and thighs.

Cetus's tentacles gave him a more intimate feel of his new princess. He could taste every inch of her perfumed skin, feel the tiny goosebumps his touch left, and feel her trembles vibrating deep within her core. His animal instinct was to wrap her in his tentacles and hold her tight while he ravished her but he kept a tight mental rein on his brutal animal instincts. If Cetus played this right he could have a new slave desperate to please him in every way he wished. 

"Shhhhhh, precious pearl," Cetus crooned. The monster took Andromeda's chin between his fingers and lifted her face to his. He made a study of her and smiled rakishly, his ever changing ocean eyes going from somber gray to a deep, electric blue with tiny flecks of green like sea weed in the summer currents. Andromeda noticed how they burned right through her with their unholy desire to possess her. The thought frightened her but there was a spark of excitement, even anticipation to have herself wrapped around the beastly sea monster Adonis.

Cetus covered her trembling body with his own. Andromeda felt the press of his manhood against her thigh, its heat and thickness giving her ideas that had no place here. The monster leaned in and slid his lips over hers in a sensuous glide. Andromeda briefly tasted the brine but then a wave of warmth washed over her, chasing away the chill of the sea and her terror. Her breathing grew uneven at the building sensations brought on by his exploring tentacles that picked at her soaked clothing. Now she was shivering with expectation and not just the cold sea.

The monster's eyes wandered, everywhere they touched Andromeda's skin tingled. Cetus's breath hitched. The sea spray had soaked her garments making them cling to her quivering form, so lush and womanly with beautiful curves. The silk was more tantalizing and revealing than if it had been her actual flesh. 

In one quick motion Cetus tore the garment to reveal the ivory skin, full swelling breasts crowned with rosy nubs, curvaceous hips and firm round thighs and calves. Even her feet in their golden sandals were lovely. 

The wandering tentacles, seemingly satisfied with their explorations, wrapped themselves around Andromeda's ample waist. They flexed and puckered against her royal skin and Cetus's mouth watered with the delicious taste he gathered from his tentacles. Cetus ghosted his lips along the princess's cheek feeling her skin warm at his touch. His finger danced along the swell of her aching breasts. Tracing his finger around the tempting buds. The princess whimpered as they began to tighten further. His hands, so demanding and suddenly hot smoothed over her breasts, feeling their weight and honey-softness. 

Unable to resist any longer, Cetus leaned forward and took a rosy bud into his hungry mouth, suckling at it until the princess cried out. It tasted salty from the sea yet it was sensitive as every tongue flick made the princess squirm and whine. Cetus chuckled.

"Forgive me, princess," he groaned, placing his face between her perfumed breasts and rubbing his face against the soft ivory mounds. "I have not been this eager for a woman in centuries." His tentacles pulsed with his molten desire. Andromeda could feel them warm and vibrate against her somehow making her calm. 

"Please, no more torture," the princess begged. "Just devour me and end it all."

"So impatient...," Cetus murmured into her delicate damp flesh. 

Cetus's senses were filled with her. His body moved against hers in sudden need, his lips tracing sensually along her smooth wet flesh. Another tentacle grew and slithered to slide over her thigh reaching up then lazily stroking her nether lips. Andromeda jolted, a cry escaping her red lips. The sensation was odd. The smooth wet tentacle tracing the downy curled slit had her shivering but not with cold but with reluctant expectation and warmth. 

While his tentacle languidly caressed her intimately, Cetus pressed soft kisses along the column of Andromeda's throat traveling down to her collar bone then peppering kisses atop her mounds that he squeezed and fondled roughly, her erect nubs spearing into his palms. A tingling spiraled up the princess's spine. She couldn't help but sigh at the sensations flooding her body. 

The sea monster tore open her gown then drew a trembling nipple into his hot mouth, rolling the nub between his teeth then gently suckling it. The nub throbbed as his tongue lapped against it. The roughness of his tongue and the tentacle now gently pushing at her womanly center were stabbing her body with bliss.

Andromeda leaned her head back, lazily closed her eyes and moaned. What was happening right now? She was being ravished by a monster... a monster with a warm, agile tongue and gentle lips. A monster who's extra octopus appendage flexing and slithering into her tight passage setting every nerve on fire. Electricity surged through Andromeda's veins making her pussy quiver and weep.

She had lived an austere life. Discouraged from inviting the attentions of men like a proper Greek girl. She had been hidden away from male company except her father and male relatives. Though lewd thoughts had still intruded.

She would get unexplained urges as she reached her teens. Her loins would burn and she would run her thighs together for relief. One day her cousin, Sophronia told her to give riding horses a try to relieve her urges. Needless to say horse back riding became her favorite sport. Then another cousin, Apollon convinced her to practice kissing. They even kissed while touching each other naked but Andromeda never gave up her virginity or experience any of the things Cetus had done to her so far.

Cetus listened to the princess's soft whimpers. The slick softness of her warm flesh, the taste of her, and the sounds she was making fed the monster's hunger. His cock throbbed to life, impatient to possess to center of her sweetness. He wrapped his fist around the member then slowly began to stroke it in order to soothe the raging lust he felt within the hot staff. It grew and pulsed in his palm. Patience! Soon he would have her willing. Patience!

Tremors plagued Andromeda's small body. White hot pleasure stabbed at her brain that made her desire something that she couldn't put into words. The tiny suction cups were suckling lazily at her flesh, taunting her while Cetus's lips tugged at her ever hardening nipples, making them throb with sensitivity. She could barely contain her helpless groans. She wanted to scream her torture but years of being trained in royal decorum was difficult to break, even in the throes of strange ecstasy.

The sea monster left her tortured nipples to taunt the rest of her fair unblemished skin, heat blooming in his wake, melting away the cold worm of fear that gnawed less and less at Andromeda's spine. His lips teased along the curve of her stomach then his tongue dug into her belly button while his hands caressed the curve of her hips. Andromeda suppressed the giggle that bubbled in her throat. Her stomach was always ticklish. The princess wondered while in her fog what it would be like to touch him back. To run her fingers through those waves of red brown locks. 

Andromeda moved and the chains made a clanging sound when she saw where he was going. A new fear blossomed within her belly. Despite the tentacles holding her lower body, her arms were free to fight against the manacles that bound her. The trapped princess struggled at her chains, feeling them chafe against her delicate skin raw, breaking the skin and bleeding. But Cetus bit into her hip making a red mark and causing her to cry out in pain, his tentacles squeezing her.

"Be still, princess! Would you damage your perfect skin?" Cetus hissed then he smirked. "Accept your fate... I promise you'll enjoy every minute of my devouring." His third tentacle pushed more deeply into her tight sheath. Andromeda whined and squirmed from the discomfort at the parting of her glistening pink petals and Cetus groaned at the scorching tightness his appendage encountered within. He pulled back the conquering tentacle to see traces of blood. A true virgin.

He nuzzled his nose into her moist golden downy curls, his lips kissing her pink cleft that had grown moist and fragrant from his earlier administrations to her breasts. While his tentacles could taste and feel he wanted to experience her honey on his human tongue. 

"Sweet... yet there's a certain spice," Cetus groaned. Cetus's tongue traced along Andromeda's slit. She jumped feeling a pulse of heat from the action. He continued to lap at her folds, teasing them, kissing them until they grew wet and hot, her nether lips becoming saturated and drawing back to reveal her inner lips. 

Andromeda whimpered but obeyed. The creature oozed powerful authority that awoke something forbidden within her. She wanted to please him for some reason. Cetus pressed a finger at her entrance then slowly pushed inside. She cried out at the invasion yet she was slick enough that it wasn't uncomfortable for long. 

The monster groaned silkily, "I can feel your inner walls clenching around me, precious pearl." He withdrew his finger then sucked on his wet finger. He groaned at the taste of her, her arousal mixed with some traces of blood giving it a sweet, tangy taste. "Tastes even better inside."

Andromeda gave a breathy little moan. She was caught between the tides of want and fear. She wanted more and yet she feared the ending result. Would he eat her whole after he had finished taking her virginity?

"Do you want my tongue back in your pussy, Princess?" Cetus looked up, a naughty glint in his sea green sinful eyes. Andromeda nodded dumbly, her cheeks flushed and her body now completely hot, impervious to the cold. What else could she say? Cetus had started a fire within her that was confusing and yet she didn't want him to stop. If this was how she would die wasn't it better than pain? She sighed in ecstasy as the tiny suckers of his tentacles suckled at her trembling skin. Her skin was crawling but in a way that made her deliciously tingle.

"Say it," Cetus's tongue swirled over Andromeda's clit. The princess gasped sharply. His tongue dragged slowly over her pussy, making her whimper as he tasted her, her head beginning to spin. "Say it, Princess."

"I... I want your tongue... back in my pussy," Andromeda's voice trembled. It was breathless and thick with shame. The minute she said it, Cetus tilted his head up then drove his tongue into her quivering heat. He hummed at the taste of her delicious cunt, his lips vibrating against hers. Suddenly the sound of the raging sea and the echoes of the cave were drowned out by the rapid beating of Andromeda's heart, her blood pounding in her ears as Cetus's suckling tentacles and his rasping tongue were her only tether to the real world as she felt her spirit begin to float in a sea of bliss.

Andromeda chewed on her lower lip, her throat straining from the effort to contain her rapturous moans. But Cetus could hear her unsteady breathing. Wrapping his lips around her pleasure pearl he lashed it with his tongue sending jolts of electricity through the trembling princess. His hands roamed over her quivering thighs to the sensitive joint of her bending knee to her slender calves. She was damp from the briny sea spray but Cetus could feel the warmth and sleekness of her royal skin. 

Andromeda felt herself grow slicker and Cetus lapped at her juices like a bear to honey. Her nipples tingled, growing hard from the arousal. They were becoming so sensitive that the brush of the wind was enough to cause her pain and discomfort. She wanted Cetus to ease that pain and touch them again. The creature seemed to read her mind, the third tentacle was possessed with a new mission. It slithered up her body to tease her rosy peak in an erotic caress. As agile as a tongue with it's added suckers, the tentacle circled the flushed bead, giving it sucking kisses that had Andromeda arching forward whimpering for more.

Andromeda felt herself grow slicker and Cetus lapped at her juices like a bear to honey. He watched her writhe in forbidden pleasure. Her dusky tips undulating provocatively as her body slightly arched towards him. Andromeda's nipples were so sensitive that the brush of the wind was enough to cause her pain and discomfort. She wanted Cetus to ease that pain and touch them again. The creature seemed to read her mind, the third tentacle was possessed with a new mission. It slithered up her body to tease her rosy peak in an erotic caress. As agile as a tongue with it's added suckers, the tentacle circled the flushed bead, giving it sucking kisses that had Andromeda arching forward whimpering for more.

The tentacle taunted one bud then the other, each tug corresponding with Cetus's tongue flicking across her knot of nerves. The tender, sensual assault clouded the princess in a sexual haze. Nothing mattered but the climax she wanted, no needed desperately. Nothing else mattered. Not her fear or her reservations of a monster making love to her. All that mattered was the tongue driving deep into the princess's core, the tentacles caressing her, and the heat that consumed her body and soul.

Andromeda jolted at the feel of another intrusion. It was Cetus's finger again, yet this time he attempted a second finger. No longer trying to hold her, the tentacles each explored her flushed skin. Goosebumps blooming with each delicate kiss of a sucker. The princess was arching forward into Cetus's mouth and fingers, his slimy appendages and was loving every minute. She bucked her hips while Cetus tormented her slippery nubbin, giving it long leisurely licks then giving it rapid flicks until it was close to bursting.
