 Diana's Lyre 

The beginning of what had happened would be difficult for Kyra to think of, but all would come back to a late friday afternoon, when her family would be gathered around the dining room, silently eating in their repetitive, clockwork way. 

The only thing different about that night was that, once everyone had their food and were sitting down, one of the seats remained empty. Looking around the table swiftly, Kyra's eyes came upon Leo, her husband, Jake, the middle child at fifteen, and Emily, her young daughter at six. All of them began to eat when Kyra voiced her thoughts. 

"Jake, where's Ayrah at?" She asked, and the boy looked up, then to the nearby seat. His expression was clearly confused, but no more so than forgetting a glass of water or similar. 

"I told her we were eating..." He answered slowly, looking back to his mother. At this, Kyra stood up, motioning the rest to continue eating while she ascended the stairs of the house. She guessed that her daughter was simply listening to music or couldn't hear Jake through the door. It wasn't difficult to see that her son had been growing more skittish about opening his sister's bedroom door after he started to mature more. 

She got to the door and knocked tentatively herself, calling into the room. No answer. Peaking the door open slightly so that she could call passed it, she uttered Ayrah's name again. Still no answer. Just as she guessed when Kyra finally opened the door wide, but with a bit of surprise, her daughter was not there. 

Something about it was only slightly worrying, but she decided that she was just being paranoid. Ayrah must have snuck out of the house without anyone noticing, which was strange, but not altogether abnormal. What happened next, though, was. 

Kyra stepped out of the room, and heard the others talking downstairs, along with Ayrah's voice. 

"No," her voice was calling back faintly, "I'm not that hungry, I just need a bit of rest..." There were footsteps, and Ayrah came up the stairs and walked pointedly passed her mother without saying a word. Her face was totally distracted and like she was thinking very deeply about something. This, and after the door shut tightly behind Kyra, who simply stood there, bewildered, and how she started to hear her daughter's voice from inside the room. 

It started as a sharp gasp that made Kyra jump slightly, then there were gentle moans and squeals. Alright, she thought decidedly now, I think I'll give her a bit of privacy. 

The rest of the night went fairly uneventfully, with Ayrah not emerging from her room the whole time to eat or anything. Nobody commented on this, and Kyra didn't mention that she thought her daughter was masturbating in her room while they watched a movie shortly after. 

Ayrah woke the next morning along with everyone else, and everything was life as normal for the next week or so, save that Kyra started to notice her daughter seemed...almost...sexier? She figured it was because she had never looked at Ayrah in that way before, but suddenly couldn't deny that her breasts, which she assumed for years were small and pert like her own, were actually a well-formed C-cup. The two women also had long blonde curls that flowed down to their mid-back, but Ayrah's had developed into very lush, full hair that made Kyra self-conscious about the grey strands she occasionally found in hers. Everything else, from Ayrah's supple ass and strong curves, were more formed than her mother must have realized.

There actually came a point when Kyra was feeling jealous about her daughter's fit features, and even threatened by them, which was a feeling she wasn't used to. She felt a foreign need to assert her more matured beauty, but found more and more as she discovered one new wrinkle in her skin after another that she would need to do more than just think that. 

One day, on the weekend, she announced to the house, wearing her tight running shorts and a sleeveless V-neck shirt that exposed her cleavage and side-boob more than what was perhaps necessary, that she was going for a jog. Leo gave her a strange look as he appraised her sexy attire before muttering something she could not here. No one else had any objections, and so Kyra set off down the road at a brisk pace, a bottle of water bobbing at her side as her breasts bounced with each movement. 

Having not done this in years, she could not remember for the life of her where her usual pathway was, and so just meandered off in any random direction she decided, feeling a little adventurous. In her mind, she pretended that she was looking for something, giggling like a child as she told herself that it was a secret until she'd found it. 

*Ayrah 

She found herself, once again, lying on her back on her bed, rubbing her pulsating clit furiously to get herself off. There was no explaining it, only that, after that day that she just remembered sleeping right through, her sex drive was firing off at random times, making her resort to frantic masturbating until she climaxed explosively. 

Now, she found herself there again, trying desperately to get herself off until the heat built to the point of insatiable desire, and she orgasmed, moaning audibly as she shivered on the bed. 

As she lie there, Ayrah reflected on other things too. She knew she was not the only one to discover her strangely new and hot looks. It was like her body had undergone a change overnight, and she would have been fine with that, passing it off as hiding herself well by wearing more tight-fitting clothing, if it wasn't for the damn arousal! Even as she stepped off the bed and made her way toward the door, just her legs rubbing together was turning her on again. 

Knowing that there was no way she'd see the end of it if she tried to ride out her feelings, she knelt on the ground right where she was and pushed a gentle finger into her soaked pussy, groaning with delight at the feeling. It wasn't long before she was shoving two fingers in and out of herself, practically screaming despite herself until she orgasmed again, juices running down her hand as she lie there, finally thoroughly spent after four consecutive climaxes. 

Then there was the sound of wood hitting wood as her door closed softly. Someone was watching her, and she could guess who. There was nothing she could do about it, though, as she knew her younger brother could easily tell the parents about her devious acts. Although it wasn't like he could be any better, right? Wasn't it a guy's thing to be jerking himself off a few times during the day? 

*Kyra 

It was like her legs were taking her around of their own accord, but she didn't realize what was happening. 

Her eyes came upon what looked like a divide in the trees around the path she was on. Still exploring for a reason she didn't know, Kyra stepped off the path directly through the brush, telling herself that she'd wash herself off when she got home anyway, so why not walk through the woods a bit? 

As she walked, the air started to get heavier, and there was something else, too. Whether she tried to deny it at first or not, there was an itch as her groin crept up in arousal that she didn't know before. Suddenly feeling a rush of curiosity, she let her legs take her through the greenery, confident that she would find something, and then she might slip off her shorts and... No, she told herself, I'll wait until I get home to do that. Maybe Leo would be feeling as horny as she was when she got back. 

The air was becoming thicker with each step, and her body was becoming more and more turned on as she walked, unable to stop herself until she arrived at whatever was doing this to her. It quickly became like walking through mud, even though the ground was still only damp, and her sight was obscured more already than just the treeline. The blur that the air created in front of her eyes made it difficult even to see her hand in front of her face. After some time, Kyra realized that her nipples poked visibly through her sleeveless shirt as it became soaked with either her sweat or something else entirely. 

Even though the place was quickly blinding, slowing, and making the woman more and more horny with each step, she trudged on, not even sure why anymore, until her legs doubled over and she fell onto her hands and knees. In spite of herself, her ass was further in the air than the rest of her, like the doggy position, she thought naughtily. 

A few minutes passed where Kyra simply couldn't move out of the sheer weight of the air and how unreasonably horny she became. Her body was becoming hyper-aware of everything it touched, making it so she noticed what she wouldn't have otherwise picked up on when it happened. She felt as though a long-nailed finger were dragging itself around her ass-cheek, slowly passing up and onto her base spine, back around onto the other cheek, skipping her legs, and doing it all over again while she moaned with anticipation for something she wouldn't know. 

"I have to get up..." She told herself through panting breaths, and struggled to move to her feet, but there was no moving at all. Part of her thought that she should be panicking right now, but couldn't quite bring herself to do anything except gasp when the finger dragged itself down to where her pussy was. 

She tried to turn her head to see whatever or whoever it was, but couldn't turn her head any more than a small circle to the left or right. Although she didn't have long to guess, as, in front of her face, and out of the ground, what looked like a long, thick brown root crept up to her groggy face. This must be a dream, she thought faintly as the thing gently eased upward and caressed her helpless cheek. At its touch, her body hit a new wave of pure ecstasy, and she moaned delightfully at the feeling. Dream or not, she wanted more. 

As the one in front of her mouth played with her face, she noticed a small, sharp, needle-like end to it just before the one behind her started dry-humping her, making her gasp again. It's length pushed against her pussy through the shorts, then retreated, causing her burning clit to feel the roughness of her shorts against it. She neglected to wear underwear in hopes, she realized now, that some random man would catch her in the sexy clothes and want to give it to her then. 

Kyra moaned and shuddered with each rhythmic push against her clit, feeling her body tense and relax with the feeling she tried to deny. This has to be a dream, she thought, as her body started responding to the movements by bucking her hips slowly, and she savored the feeling with each small gasp she let out. The root playing near her mouth eventually graced her gaping lips, making her feel the wet, tingling sensation they created. She realized that the one near her mouth, only about half an inch in girth, was far thinner than the one that brushed between her legs, which had to have been at least two inches wide. Kyra delighted in the thought of either one pushing into her, what with how turned on she was at the thing pushing against her back slowly more harshly. She could climax just sitting here like this, in her small fantasy-like haze. 

The pace of the root rubbing against her clit quickened slightly, pushing roughly against her and issuing a loud yelp from her as her body tensed for the impending orgasm she would endure soon. The root in front of her face dangled and teased her as her tongue stretched out to taste it instinctively. It was so close, and so was she, that is until she felt the needle-sharp length playing with her pussy jab through her shorts and ever-so-slightly grace her clit. 

The orgasm was instant, with Kyra screaming with pure bliss at the top of her lungs. It was as though that one touch was enough to set her entire body on fire, and it continued to burn wildly as her climax did not recede for a few minutes. She stayed standing on her knees, though, unable to bring herself to fall down, and her face was held up by something she didn't even notice while her lips were open wide with her screams. The root that had been playing near her mouth had crept inside and was now circling and exploring her tongue. Still not down from her arousal, Kyra found herself sucking and playing with it too, lavishing it as she tasted what she thought was a strangely sweet cinnamon-sugar flavor on it. 

It didn't take long for her clit and pussy to start begging again for more of the treatment, but she was still exhausted from her first climax. It was a wonder that she was even able to stay conscious after all of that, much more so capable of remaining with her ass pointed in the air as it was. 

Her thoughts were ceased as she was instantly turned on by a feeling of pressure against her vagina, like a finger pushing against the entrance through her shorts. In seconds, the sharp root passed through the shorts, gaining another enticed yelp from the exhausted woman as it pushed steadily into her vaginal cavity, fucking her while she was still clothed. She didn't understand why, but the feeling of the rough root was, to her, far better than any cock she'd ever had inside her. It took only moments for the thing to start at the speed it was going at before, turning Kyra's breaths sharp and labored beyond belief as the thickness of it was being comprehended. What is this, she thought, some kind of hentai? 

Thankfully, the root didn't try to push insanely deep, but that didn't help when the thing prodded her cervix as it stretched her wonderfully. Her flaming body was caught between trying to pull away from this thing before it tested her limits, and the other part, the stronger one, moaned and continued to suck on the length in her mouth that writhed and played with her mouth. More relaxed than she was before, she waited as the root pushed passed her cervix and, slowly, wriggled into her womb. For a moment, the thing simply stayed there, unmoving. 

Unable to move, Kyra only sat there whimpering as the sexual high she was on was not being catered to, and as what she thought was a way of pleasing her while the other thing did what it needed to do, the root in her mouth began to slide down her throat and keep going. She could feel it moving down into her body sort of like how one feels when swallowing a bit of food whole. It was uncomfortable at first, but her aroused mind was only tricked into thinking it was hot. 

Then, when the two had passed into whatever deep depths of her body they needed to, they stopped moving again, but this time Kyra knew why. She watched with curiosity as a segment of the root in front of her became engorged by a fourth of an inch, with the thickening of the length continuing until it was very close to her mouth. She never figured out what it was supposed to mean, because, simultaneously, she felt a phenomenal strike of pure pressure on her vaginal entrance. It felt almost like a foot were trying to reach into her, and whatever it was did it successfully, making her scream and moan with pain and pleasure until her labia was stretched beyond belief, and then, just like that, it was done, and she only felt a sense of fullness ebbing away slowly. That's when she realized that the length in her throat was pumping some kind of mystery fluid into her and retreating, maybe to spread it up through her body? She wouldn't know. 

As everything had started, it halted as Kyra's body was thrown into a last, unsuspected and completely random, shuddering orgasm that sent her flying into unconsciousness with a faint groan. 

*Ayrah 

When her mother finally arrived, hours later, she distantly called to the others that she needed sleep, and walked passed everyone without a word, but Ayrah got a look at something that disturbed her immensely. Her mother's running shorts had a very clear puncture right around where her vagina would be, occasionally flashing a fleeting red of her raw labia. 

It was just like a pair of her own jeans that she was wearing when she woke up after what she thought was sleeping for the entire day. Suddenly, she wasn't so sure that she was sleeping at all. Before she could really think about it, though, she cursed under her breath with a small moan as her arousal returned again with vengeance. 

Without thinking, one of her hands flew instinctively to her groin and rubbed at it before she realized that, at that very moment, her brother was looking up at her from across the living room. Damn it! It wasn't the first time he'd caught her in the act, and neither was that morning. She discovered, after thinking more acutely now than she had before, of the ways her brother had looked at her, and things he had said. It was simply that Jake wasn't the sensitive, kind-hearted brother she thought he was, but a quickly maturing boy who was trying to make an impression on her. 

Well, she thought, I must be driving him crazy with how much I've been masturbating recently. It's unfortunate, she thought, knowing that he was simply way to young for her to be sending any return signals. Wait, she thought suddenly, realizing that she was already halfway up the stairs to her room without thinking about getting up or walking, did I just think about my brother like that? 

It was the first time that whole week that Ayrah was seriously starting to think something was wrong with her, but didn't understand what. She knew she should blame it on the constant arousal, but there was no telling where even that had come from. She was in her room taking off her tight shorts. The thought kept returning to her, why was she so horny? Her fingers were on her clit. 

She moaned and kept rubbing herself, in her haste and absence of thought having forgotten to close the door while she sat there, half naked and getting herself off. Good, she thought, maybe someone will watch me and help me, or even join me. However taboo, she stuck her fingers inside her dripping pussy and thought forbidden desires as she masturbated. It was only a few short moments, having already gotten herself off simply by walking, for her to reach an orgasm and look around. 

Ayrah jumped and covered her clit with her hand when she saw her six-year old sister standing in the doorway, a completely innocent look on her face while she said, "Ayrah, why aren't you wearing pants?" She shooed her sister away and closed the door, growling as her body turned on again. What was happening to her? 

*Kyra 

The next day was strange for her, as she thought she slept through it completely until Leo approached her with a quizzical look on his face, asking her how the jog had gone. 

"Jog? what are you talking about?" She asked, not even aware that she was awake the previous day. 

"You went out to do some running wearing some skimpy clothes, came back, and went right to bed without saying a word." He explained, but Kyra did not recall any of it except the clothes, which she was wearing when she woke up. It did make some sense that she might have been running, since the bedding had to be put through the wash with all the dirt and grime on them. She guessed that it was just her memory giving out when her husband stopped her. "There's one more thing," He said, and she could tell that whatever else needed to be said was a little awkward, so she urged him on, "well, umm... We had sex." 

She looked at him blankly for a few moments, not altogether as horrified as she thought she should be. When she asked if he came inside her, he said yes a little sheepishly. Alright, she thought, the idea seeming a little more hot to her than perhaps it should have, it was a risk, but whatever. In the back of her mind she thought about the idea of another child, and how she was exhausted after even three, but now suddenly didn't seem that difficult a thing for her forty-eight year-old body to handle.

The next week or so wasn't so easy, though, with Ayrah hiding out in her room most of the time, and Kyra finding herself strangely turned on to the point where she started having sex with her husband at least once a day, and later on when he couldn't keep up, she started masturbating three times a day. The days quickly turned hellish as she struggled to get her release, and found that her body had, somehow, gone back in time for a reason she couldn't describe. 
