 Day 1

I reported to the enslavement centre today, and signed up for a year wearing the collar. I'm allowed to keep this diary but my contract says it's private, so that way no one else ever gets to see it, not even my future owner. My implant computer lets me write it how I like -- subvocally or on a virtual keyboard, and then it gets stored in encrypted memory. 

I've been living up in the mountains for a couple of years after coming of age and leaving my grouphome. I fell in with a few other free-males to start with, but they were the extremist types, and my reason for living up high was just to be alone with my thoughts for a while. Theirs was to make plots and fantasise about ruling the world -- idiots, every one of them, and liable for permanent enslavement when the authorities find out. I spent two years in a cabin with only one visitor a month -- the state-appointed welfare inspector. She wasn't exactly talkative. I've said more words since getting back to the city yesterday than have passed my lips in months.

Why does a free-male become a slave for a year? I plan to live a long life, and there's time in it to experiment. I need to know if this is the right planet for me before I decide to stay or go. 

Actually, you know, this is my diary. Why lie? I adore strong women. Serving one sounds fun, so that's what I'm doing for the next twelve months. It's all in the contract, how I want things to go -- I can't be bought by a company, I can't be made into a pet, a pony, a maid, or have my mind or body permanently altered. Sex slavery with only a few limits, really just the common ones.

As I write this, my smooth cock is trying to get hard, but it can't. Once I signed the contract, they binned my clothes, collared me, depilated my body, caged my cock, and tattooed me up with all the necessary markings, then shackled me in a room with the other new slaves and made me wait in silence for a transport to the auction house. I was surprised at that -- I thought they'd train me, break me a little, put me through some kind of bootcamp for submissives, but no. Apparently, they sell some of us greenhorns to women who want to do it all themselves. I'm to be someone's project -- unmodified and entirely untested.

Day 2

Sleeping on a warm bed in a warm room without the wind howling at the windows reminded me why I came back to civilisation, even if I did sleep naked and chained to the wall by an ankle. I dreamed of serving naked at an elegant dance, where my lean frame was the talk of the party. Two years on top of a mountain got me fit and healthy, but not stocky. Without enough energy to burn, the body slims down, it gets hard but wiry, and I like it that way. 

I'd always wondered what it would feel like to be sold -- it's something almost all men here go through, and perhaps a third of the women too. I was appraised, measured, judged, and found worthy of a fair price, which didn't do my pride any harm. When the auctioneer whipped me on stage, it hit me all at once -- a rush of powerlessness that freed me to live in the moment. I impressed the room with my agony -- the woman selling me called it 'most authentic'. When you don't have human contact, you forget how to edit yourself. The fierce lashes of her whip showed me up for the submissive that I am -- I'm sure the tears increased my price.

A charming female couple bought me to come and live with them and their slavegirl in the middle of the city, where I'm to serve them and their guests as an 'all-purpose' attendant. A little bit of everything is what they promised me while we rode in the air-taxi to the roof of their apartment building, but they didn't let me ask what that might mean. Mistress Christina said I'd find out in the fullness of time, and Mistress Savitri just smiled slyly and winked, then went back to looking at my body. She seemed to like what she saw.

My new owners are in early middle-age; Mistress Christina, the brunette, is the curvier of the two, while Mistress Savitri is taller and slimmer, with jet black hair that falls halfway down her back. The first thing they did when we got inside the stylish, minimalist apartment, was to tell me to unpack -- their little joke to a naked, possessionless slaveboy. The second thing they did was to have their little blonde slavegirl Bobbi come out of her cell and cook us a meal. They keep her naked, just like they'll keep me, and from what I gathered her age has been fixed at the nineteen years of age they all were when they met, while my owners have only just fixed theirs some twenty-five years later.

The third thing they did was discuss what to call me. That startled me, but I realised no one had used my name since I'd signed the contract the day before -- slaves can't contract to keep theirs, it's against the law. I sat naked at the dining table while the trio of women looked me over and tried to find something that fit. They listed all the names of their previous male slaves, but rejected reusing those, then finally opted for Heath, in keeping with my high-altitude origins.

The fourth thing they did, which took most of the rest of the day, was to fuck me senseless. They ordered me down off the dining chair, to crawl behind them and through into the big bedroom. It was filled with light from the south wall, which was all glass and looked out over the bustling city streets thirty-one floors below. The furniture was clean, square, and shined like new, and a huge, dark hardwood toybox rested against one wall, holding all the implements of pleasure and pain that Mistresses Christina and Savitri owned.

The bed is enormous -- two-and-a-half metres long and three metres wide -- and it fits my owners, their slavegirl and me in with room to spare. In seconds, my arms were shackled to the bedposts and Bobbi was tied down too. I tried to take everything in -- Bobbi's breasts heaving as she breathed faster and faster, Mistress Savitri letting her clothes fall to the floor to reveal a sculpted body and a mass of black hair between her elegant legs, Mistress Christina licking her lips as she surveyed her human property. The sound of the bed creaking under our combined weight. The heat of a woman's body, something I'd almost forgotten. The scent of arousal, and the ache in my caged cock as it strained to get hard.

Mistress Savitri lay down on top of me and kissed me deeply, while she ground herself against my chastity cage to get herself more in the mood. When she was ready, she got up and turned away from me, then planted herself down on my face and bent forward so my tongue could reach her clit. I didn't need any orders. Goddess, I've missed the taste of a woman. 

My owners came on each of their slave's faces like that, then they donned their strapons and took turns making love to us. I've been taken in the arse by a woman before, of course, but never made love to like this, with a slow-burning passion that let me feel the fire in my owners' hearts. I don't remember when they took off my cock cage, but I remember shooting out my cum into Mistress Savitri's hands as she fucked me, then again onto Mistress Christina's tits as she took her turn penetrating me and filling me up with her cock.

When I'd caught my breath and gratefully accepted a little water, my new owners manipulated my nanites to make my cock get painfully hard and stay that way, then they each rode me to their satisfaction while I panted and moaned beneath them. When they were sated, they let Bobbi out of her shackles and made her ride me while they took turns flogging her breasts. I was surprised when they made my nanites unblock my orgasm and I came with great torrents inside their slavegirl; more surprised still when she sat down on my face to have me clean out her smooth pussy.

In the evening, Bobbi cooked us another excellent meal and we crowded together on the big sofa to watch the entertainments my owners favoured. Bobbi took me into the bathroom to shower with her, and taught me how she liked to be washed down, while my cock raged in its prison. We all slept together in the big bed, I with my arms wrapped around Mistress Christina and Bobbi held tight by Mistress Savitri.

Day 3

This morning, Bobbi woke me with a gentle hand on my shoulder, then took me through into the kitchen to learn how to make everyone's breakfasts. There were a million tasks to coordinate, and I burned the toast in my confusion -- the smell hung over the whole apartment until the filtration system cleared it. Bobbi shook her finger at me and pressed my hands down flat onto the counter, then she spanked my bare bottom until it burned crimson. I know I was going to get punished sooner or later -- most slaves do -- but I never expected the little blonde girl to be the one to do it, or to hit so hard. Still, I'm going to listen to what she says from now on.

After morning orgasms, my mistresses went to work and confined us slaves to the apartment. On the mountain, I could be a prisoner in my cabin when the storms hit, but this is different. Safer, in more ways than one, for I feel protected by my contract, and by the slavegirl who is giving me all kinds of helpful tips about my new life. The air on my skin is still a novelty, and so is having company and a purpose beyond myself. 

Bobbi and I are to clean the apartment together every day our owners go out to work -- in practice this means four or five times a week. What this really means, if today is anything to go by, is that I'll be cleaning while Bobbi supervises me with the riding crop and cane. She has an insatiable sex drive -- four orgasms from my tongue in one day while our mistresses were out. I have to address her as 'Miss' - sometimes it even makes her lick her lips in delight, and then all I can think about is worshipping her.

We greeted our owners at the door on our hands and knees, kissed their feet, and I bathed Mistress Savitri before she strapped me to a fucking bench and made me tell her I was her little slave bitch while she took me hard with the strapon. She was all kinds of sweaty after that, so then I took her into the spacious, warm bathroom and bathed her again. Mistress Christina got what she needed from Bobbi in the main bedroom, but she wanted to spend a little time with brand-new me, so she put me over her knee and gave me a long, slow maintenance spanking with her bare hand. 

She did it on the apartment's little balcony -- a nice public show for all to see -- and she let me feel every swat as it resounded through me. If that's how she spanks me when I've done all she asked, I'd better watch out if I ever displease her. As she most graciously pointed out, I got hard when she started punishing me and I stayed hard until she stopped. She made me thank her for giving her new little slut the spanking I needed. Mistress Savitri and Bobbi watched the whole thing while encouraging my owner to hit me harder, and they heard me humbly thank Mistress Christina for her discipline. I'm in for quite a year.

Day 4

Bobbi and I were allowed out of the apartment today. The slavegirl handed me running shoes and told me to stretch, then we joined a mass of jogging slaves on the street, which made its way to the local park. Trainers with whips put us through our paces while free women ambled past -- I saw a few taking pictures of us. I'm in shape, but the workout pushed me harder than I wanted to go, and when I got back to the apartment, I was a trembling mess. 

Bobbi is a talented masseuse. She put me in the bathtub and filled it with hot water, then she worked out all my knots with her fingers. All the running and jumping left me feeling more exposed than I ever have in my life, even when they put me up for auction. I'm certain some of the giggles I heard were caused by my chastity cage bobbing up and down as I moved, and I so wanted to cover myself up as we exercised. In the bath, I told Bobbi, and she told me I'd been right not to -- only bad boys try not to display themselves.

Day 5

The whole apartment is wired with cameras and microphones, even the bathroom -- they turn off only when my owners enter the room. That meant my owners heard me telling Bobbi I wanted to cover myself up, and that led them to take me on a little excursion. I spent the day chained up in a thronged public square with my hands and legs shackled, stretched out in a star shape. I must have been photographed or fondled by a thousand tourist women and not a few of their slaves, and I stayed there from sunrise to sunset, a long twelve hours to think about how bad a slave I'd been.

When Mistress Christina came to get me, she made me describe how exposed I'd felt all day long before she would release me. The first hour was the hardest, but it wasn't the exposure that made me suffer -- it was the noise. I spent two years on a mountain for a reason -- I'm not cut out for big cities. A thousand voices and a thousand pairs of eyes all came crashing down on me as I stood in the shackles, and I shook until the nanites cut in and calmed me, just enough to take the edge off. Truth told, I got a lot of compliments today, but I was too distracted to really take them in. I walked back to the apartment with Mistress Christina, with my arms clasped behind my back to show I'd learned my lesson -- her little smile when she noticed gave me hope I won't be doing this again soon.

Day 6

Bobbi took me out shopping to buy food and wine. She treats me like her servant and I follow her orders without even thinking about it. Walking behind her to the market, my eyes came to rest on her swaying bottom, and I started to salivate at the thought of it on my face. I hoped we'd have time when we got home with the bulging bags of provisions, but Bobbi got us straight down to cooking.

My mistresses were having guests for dinner -- another female couple and their slave-husband. Bobbi did all the complex cooking, leaving me to chop, stir, clean and generally help out, all while motivated by the crop she left lying on the nearby counter. We got talking while we prepared -- I'm the fifteenth male slave her mistresses have owned, always on a short contract. They don't want any male thinking he could challenge Bobbi for their affections, so they don't keep any around for long enough to try. I see the three of them together, and I know I'm a servant to them, not part of the family. That's fine -- they still give me all their passion in everything we do together.

Bobbi put on a little maid's outfit, but I was dressed in just a bowtie over my collar, and we worked together with our guests' slave-husband to serve the meal. The guests couldn't get enough of me, and as the drink flowed, they took further liberties with my body. My favourite moment of the meal was when one of them had me stand near her so she could rest her hand on my bottom and squeeze it while she chatted with my owners. I missed that kind of basic contact on the mountain.

For serving the meal impeccably, our mistresses offered Bobbi and I a joint reward, to be 'negotiated' between us there and then and had straight away. I was just about to start discussing it with Bobbi when I remembered my place in the pecking order, so instead I crawled to her and kissed her feet, then asked her to name our prize. She opted for fucking me with the strapon on the balcony, and she animalised me out there in the cool air while I yelled and grunted across the city until we both came in an ecstasy of submission.

Day 7

The weekend rolled around and our mistresses opted for a spa day. We spent it naked, all together in a tight group, touring the saunas, steam rooms, plunge pools and massage tables of one of the city's premier relaxation facilities. Quite the change from living in a cabin that was almost above the treeline -- I hadn't felt so thoroughly warm in years.

Mistress Savitri decided I should be mute for the day, so she set my collar to completely disable my vocal cords. She explained how I could demonstrate my obedience with just my body and my actions -- she finds male chatter a little annoying, so in the case of her property, she sometimes prefers to simply prevent it. I had no need to frame any words, so it gave me time to think about my new life.

One week in and I've learned a lot about how to serve and serve well. Am I happy? It seems so -- as happy as a valued servant can be. These women aren't going to become my new family, so I have to appreciate things for what they are, not what they can't ever be. That means submitting to the reason they bought me. It means acknowledging I'm their property, and letting them break me to their will. I think it means keeping something back too -- I can commit to being a slave without having to commit to any particular owner. I can't quite describe how that makes me feel.

Day 8

A riot of sex and submission in my mistress's apartments, with a few guests to join in the orgy. I've been taken by the strapons of six women today, and my arse aches like never before while the nanites heal me up. No sooner had one mistress finished with me than another scooped me up to have her fill. They were gracious enough to let me cum a few times, mostly while they filled me up with their dildos.

Mistress Christina particularly enjoyed spanking me in front of all her friends, and she made me count a hundred strokes, each with a 'Thank you, mistress' following on. Then she had me make a show of kissing her feet while the other mistresses and their slaves watched me debase myself, before she had my kisses move up to her clit and the group went back to having all kinds of other fun.

I'm writing this at night in the slave cell that has two narrow beds and a tiny ensuite bathroom, where they chained me up after my day's 'work' was all done. Mistress Savitri came in to kiss me goodnight, and explained that my confinement wasn't a punishment -- she just thought I needed some real rest without interruption. In a couple of minutes, she's going to set my nanites to knock me out for a good ten hours -- I really don't control anything about my body anymore.

Day 9

My owners went to work, Bobbi and I cleaned up from the previous days' escapades, and that's about it. More orgasms for Bobbi, more for Mistress Savitri when she got home, and today Mistress Christina decided to flog me for a change of pace. Mistress Savitri pulled a face when she started, and she took Bobbi into the other room so they could get away from the spectacle. The sight of her back as she walked away and left us there hit me harder than the flogger ever could.

Day 10

More cleaning, more worship. Bobbi can sense when I'm bored and she never fails to find something more interesting for me to do. I wonder how she amuses herself in those times between her owners selling their previous male and buying a new one.

Day 11

... More exercise, more service, more worship. It's comfortable, and I'm happy enough. I'll write more when something changes.

Day 27

Mistress Savitri is taking me on a business trip -- a week away from the apartment, and from Bobbi and Mistress Christina. The latter has been whipping and spanking me harder and more viciously with every passing day; I think my other owner must want to give her some space. I'm not privy to the reasons why there might be tension between them -- when they want to have a private conversation, I'm confined to the soundproof cell to wait it out. Despite our incredible physical intimacy, what do I really know about these women?

We took an air-taxi to the airport, then she flew us both business class to our destination. There was only one slave sitting in business class: me. The rest of the naked, collared boys and girls here were serving. Mistress Savitri leaned in close to me and squeezed my arm, and whispered something about there being more treats to come. 

The trip itself is to an island retreat where some big conference is happening. As we flew over, I spotted only a scattering of buildings and a lot of wide-open spaces -- I think I'm going to like it much more than the crowded city we live in. 
