 Author's note: this is my very first published story; it was done with much input , help and encouragement from friends. A special thank you to The Tall Man for his suggestions and editing. (I.O.U. a B.J - anytime you choose to collect).

There is no under age sex in this story - all characters are over 18 years of age.

Part One -- The Pilgrimage begins

The year is 2159, a time when space colonization has become commonplace, thanks to the rapid advancement of scientific accomplishments during the latter part of the twentieth century and the beginning of the third millennium. At long last, a one-world government has been formed, it's priorities to deal with very serious and at first seemingly insoluble climatic and population problems on Earth. This government has finally started to become effective in making decisions to try and save the human race, which is threatened with destruction as a result of its own mis-management.

No more wars to kill off any of our people, no major diseases, life is almost eternal as a result of astonishing medical leaps forward; all this means that the anticipated population explosion of the second half of the 1900's had been seriously underestimated. The average life expectancy is now over 120 years, and there is almost no room for newborns. 

New doctrine worldwide emergency laws have been enacted to contain the frightening pace of population augmentation. The majority of children were, until now, sterilized at birth as a temporary means of slowing it down. But it was calculated that the world population was already too high for Earth's dwindling resources, and still more had to be done. 

Those people who have escaped unflinching application of these new laws, being born before they came into effect, are encouraged to seek voluntary sterilization. If they do not, then legal authorization will be required before they will be allowed to bring new children into the world; such authorization is rarely given, being limited to people who can afford to bribe the final decision-makers, or those of high intellect or important government rank. 

Apart from the relentless sterilization program applied to children whose births are officially approved, compulsory birth control is also strictly followed by all men and women. Most future parents opt for early abortion in the case of an 'accidental' pregnancy, since breaking these strict laws results in heavy fines and prison sentences for both parents. The only alternative to suffering punishment is to hand over the child for various scientific projects, which would release the parents of any responsibility. For a first offence, that is. Execution by lethal injection has been reintroduced for an unthinkable second infraction. The value of life for anyone other than the privileged elite has diminished to the point that it can be sacrificed in the so-called best interests of the human race.

Faced with possible extinction, as time passes, more extreme measures had to be taken to ensure the survival of the human race. A vast number of ordinary people are being sent by space vessel to several outlying planets only recently discovered, situated in far flung corners of the known galaxies. In the very beginning it was the smartest that human kind had to offer that were selected to go, in order to set up colonies. Now the major selection of pioneers is done by lottery and voluntary choice. 

We are no longer concerned with the exodus of a handful of people, but many millions of families and single people of all ages and races, who will be the last hope for the survival of the human race. The scale of this desperate pilgrimage is at first mind-boggling and will have to be carried out over half a century. The vessels which carry them are the size of cities, and capable of sustaining life for many years, the time necessary to travel unimaginable distances measured in many light years.

In short, with the extinction of life on Earth potentially imminent, these many pioneers, or pilgrims as they became known, may be the only hope of survival somewhere else.

My name is Reema. I was one of those pilgrims, and this is my story.

I was an 'oops' baby for my parents. I have two siblings, my brother Dillon was sixteen and my older sister Tanya was twenty when I came along. Because I was a late, unwanted child, effectively I was turned over to the authorities so that my parents could avoid serious penalties. Once my education began I spent many years in one boarding school or another. These schools were really like glorified convents, even jails to me, but it was deemed best for everyone that I should be educated in the very strict fashion which was common in boarding schools. 

Along the way, the world situation became worse and worse. 

Just short of turning eighteen, at the end of my statutory education period, according to law like everyone else, I had to go through what was known as 'placement testing'. At the end of an extremely stressful series of physical and mental examinations, a suitable future direction would be decided for each young man or woman, according to their background, their aptitudes, their IQ, character and personality, as well as their physical condition. We students had no influence over the choice which was made for us, whether to be teachers, trainee scientists, functionaries, or whatever the results of the testing showed, or whatever the government decided was appropriate for us. The Principal was god, in this respect, and his recommendations were usually followed without question. 

I was called to the Principal's office with four of my co-students -- Tamara, Vanessa, Mica and Andréa, and we were told that we would have the 'honor' of joining one of the many space pilgrimages imminently being planned. The destination was a planet known as Alpha Seven, where a new colony was already being established.

There was to follow six months of intensive training on how to contend with life during our long voyage and later, on Alpha Seven. As well as far-reaching instruction concerning daily life and conditions on board the enormous space vessel and on Alpha Seven, our personal training would consist of such stimulating subjects as food preserving, herbal medicines, gardening, crop cultivation management, medicine and even midwifery. The latter was the case, even though at this stage we had no clear ideas about how babies were conceived.

Mechanical and electronic maintenance of many types of high performance vehicles and machinery of all kinds were an important part of our instruction too.

At school, we had had no tutoring on sex and related subjects. With the girls who shared rooms, I had discussed the changes we all felt happening in our bodies from as early as age twelve onwards, and talked about the new strange, intimate feelings we had started to experience. Having menstrual periods was explained to us by our tutors in a very simple way, as being a natural way for us to know it would soon be time for us to take our places in society and become good wives and servants as expected. My friends and I had explored our bodies in many curious and pleasurable ways. 

I was the only one who had actually seen a man's 'thingy', since I had a father and a brother who were not too discreet around the house. Once, on one of my very few visits home I'd even seen my brother's 'thingy' standing up really long and hard looking, and bouncing up and down, as he ran naked from the bathroom to his bedroom. It looked as though it might hurt him, all swollen up like that. It appeared red and angry, and the head looked shiny wet sort of, but my brother's face showed no sign of suffering, even though I could tell he was embarrassed at being seen like that. Just before he ran into his room, he clasped this 'thingy' it in his hand, and I could see that it was extremely long and thin, with a bulbous end which extended beyond his fist. My one and only sighting of this erect, strange but kind of pretty object, sticking out between my brother's thighs, made me very curious about boys.

At school, all boarders' rooms had full-wall computers with voice control, and despite the blockage on non-approved viewing sites, we had managed to access and download some supplementary information, including some pretty explicit images of men. Not knowing the terminology, not knowing enough about what to look for, we were handicapped in our research, but we got enough to satisfy our curiosity about what 'thingies' looked like in various conditions, and to learn that 'thingies' were properly called penises. But we never got to explain what men did with them except peeing. We knew it had something to do with a woman getting pregnant however; and we did know, that we got very excited indeed about what we found, and this eventually led us to more and more curious exploration of our teenage bodies.

None of us that I know of managed to achieve an orgasm, but looking back, I think I came close one night, as I was rubbing my trembling pussy lips under the bed sheets. My head was filled with vague images of erect 'thingies', all colors, shapes and all sizes, and the pleasure was really lovely. Instinctively, I tweaked my nipples and it felt so good when they swelled up and went hard under my fingers. The pleasure was starting to spread, and before long I was sliding my fingers into my moist pussy. I felt a sharp little pain which didn't bother me too much; then I was enjoying the lovely stimulation that the fingering produced in my body and in my brain. Later I found a tiny blood stain on my fingers, but I didn't worry about it, and it certainly didn't stop me following my naughty instincts.

I didn't even know the words 'climax' or 'orgasm', but the feelings were so good, that I carried on doing what pleased me most, almost every night. My room mates were the first to know, after I almost unexpectedly discovered that first time what fun it was to finger myself deep inside. Then we all joined in the practice, sometimes playing with ourselves for hours as we lay in bed after lights out.

But nevertheless, our ideas were cloudy on how to conceive a child, and search as we did on internet, we did not manage to fill in the gaps in our sexual knowledge. Information seemed totally blocked to us. At the onset of puberty we had started learning immediately about the population problems facing mankind. It was clear to us later that the realms of pregnancy and motherhood, therefore, were not on the agenda for us as individuals if we stayed here on Earth. 

We had no idea how to conceive a child other than that it did require some sort of co-operation between a man and woman. But during our inter-galactic adventure, we would be expected to learn how to deliver a child, or rather assist a doctor in doing so, on Alpha Seven. There was already a carefully controlled birth program in the new colony, but later, the survival of the human race would depend on future births. At first, we did not appreciate the role we were to play in that program. The more we learned, the more we realized that we were lacking in more than just education, and this absence of detail began to seriously concern me and my school friends.

Our families had agreed to let us make this journey. We really had no choice as the government has absolute power over our lives, our parents having given us up into their control. In truth, most of them would probably be glad to see us go. All five of us were from well-to-do families and had been educated as any young girl of our standing in society. We had been taught all that we need to know to start our lives., and the school had kept us in a very secluded and protective environment having very little contact with the opposite sex; so we would remain 'pure and virtuous' in mind and body for our future husbands; this was expected in our society. But beyond that, we were looking into unknown territory from afar.

During the training it was explained to us that it would take ten years at the speed of light to make the journey to Alpha Seven, but we would be asleep for long periods in a state of artificially induced hibernation, just as the majority of the other crew and passengers would be. The good news was that, when we eventually woke up, we would be exactly the same age as when we slipped into extended sleep. 

During the waking periods, we would have special work to do but it wasn't yet clear what kind of work that would be. Upon reaching the new colony, we would choose husbands from among the settlers there. Or rather, they would choose us.

Our schooling had included cookery, sewing and needlepoint so that we could properly adorn young children. Reading the classics, poetry, and necessary basic minor studies to assist us if we were chosen to be a nanny or what was referred to obliquely as a 'breeding mother', and we were also taught the necessary skills to be able to properly run a household. Outdoor physical work was not ruled out, so we had instruction on how to prepare ourselves for that too.

However, what worried us most was that we might one day be wives, but no-one took the trouble to tell us exactly and in detail what being a wife entailed.

The day of our departure arrived all too soon just after my 18th birthday. We were taken to the space vessel, all of us nervous, excited, scared, and quite uncertain of what to expect. As it turned out the first days on board were not so bad, because the entire ship was so busy in preparation. No-one paid me or the other girls any attention. There was too much going on. The vessel, by no means the largest of its kind would easily carry 50,000 passengers and all the necessities to take us all the way to Alpha Seven and join the new colony. 

The passengers came from all walks of life and had agreed to join this adventure for many different and varied reasons. Or they had been chosen to go, like us. The only requirements were they had to go exactly where the government decided to send them and that they must meet the health checks, both mental and physical. The pre-takeoff training dealt with the rest, to ensure that each person selected was well prepared. 

From the start, the government had been running into problems getting enough people interested in volunteering for such an uncertain life on another planet; after all it wasn't like crossing the Atlantic had been for European immigrants in the nineteenth century. So they had set up a worldwide compulsory education program and then a lottery system for choosing the candidates, whether volunteers or conscripts like us. 

Another problem was that volunteer men outnumbered women on average 10 to 1. Which was why female school leavers like us had been recruited by obligation, subject only to our being suitable and passing the required testing.

I didn't know that after these first days I wouldn't be seeing the girls I came with again. We were assigned our quarters and room mates by chance, it seemed. Little did I know that my new traveling companion and I had already been selected for someone's pleasure. 

But there were many other things we hadn't been told, a hundred and one little pieces of information which had not been explained to us along the way, and which we would gather slowly by our own resources. 

Lift-off was three days after we arrived on board, and happened while we were asleep for an extended period of 24 hours. It was considered easier for us to be unconscious, as although the first few thousand kilometers would be at an intolerable speed, the thrust of power needed to launch such a massive vessel the size of a small city out of the Earth's stratosphere and hurl it up to the speed of light was almost unimaginable; the effect on the human body was dramatic. By sleeping flat, strapped to our beds and under sedation, the distortions of our bodies resulting from the pull of gravity during take-off and later were eased. I didn't feel too bad when I awoke, only some slight nausea. But my new companion, Ammie, and many others I saw later were seriously ill. We both managed to fall out of bed though, when our safety strapping was loosened by remote control and we tried to get up too quickly.

My room mate, Ammie, was very pretty, but we were complete opposites. She was a little 5'2 girl, with pixie cut blond hair, green eyes and a dimple in her right cheek when she smiled. She was all of 100 lbs. with a cute little butt. Her flat chest (which actually looked like small buds) and her lack of stature made her look more like 9 or 10 years old. Ammie was a little shy at first, but smiled easily and we hit it off immediately. She told me she was 18 and had been an accomplished gymnast at school. I guessed, and she agreed, that her gymnast days were over now, and it wasn't until some time later, on exploring the ship in our spare time, that we discovered a recreation area. I was not into indoor physical activities much and would do almost anything to get out of gym class. I always loved the outdoors though and gardening. Ammie said we could help each other on the trip, as she was the opposite and loved to spend her time exercising.

I am 5'9 and 150lbs. long dark chocolate brown hair down almost to my butt. Sparkling blue eyes that laugh easily, too easily I am told. My best features I believe are my long legs and large bust. I do not like my nipples, which are fat and they show excessively through my clothing, which makes me sometimes embarrassed. I confided to Ammie that I didn't think I looked that bad except for my hips which were much too wide. They made my butt look fat. She laughed and said how she wished she had hips and tits as full as mine. 

Like me, Ammie had had no sex education having been born into a house of all women, her father being gone most of the time with work. We started quizzing each other about what we knew and didn't know about boys and men. She was in shock when I told her about seeing my brother's 'thingy' and had a lot of questions for me as she had never seen one, even in a picture.

Finally, we realized we had a lot to learn, and wondered frankly how we might start learning. I had always been told I would have trouble finding a husband because I spent entirely too much time with my books. As one of my teachers put it: "No man wants an overly smart wife; you would do better to spend more time on your other studies young lady as they will serve you much better." I was too opinionated when there were boys around -- that is, whenever we did occasionally have any contact with them.

The first week, Ammie and I spent all our time talking, as young girls will about our adventure. what the man whom we would marry might look like, how it would be to live and raise a family on another planet, and what other things could and might happen to us and the rest of the girls on this our greatest journey.

The second week began with a man coming to talk to us, a Mr. Jason, who was not an officer, but a senior supervisor and responsible for all of the girls of our calling. He seemed a surly type, who didn't smile much, but I found him very good looking and was very impressed by his physical presence. He had a big, strong body and was well over 6 feet tall. He informed both Ammie and me that we would be 'working our way' to our new home. It took us a while to understand exactly what he meant by that, but we finally caught on.

As Mr Jason started telling us what was expected of us, and the truth of our role on board was revealed to us in detail, I think we both went into shock.

He said that Ammie and I would be expected to give oral sex to the crewmen.

Mr Jason's description of 'oral sex' was simple and explicit, and at first the whole idea of having a man's 'thingy' in our mouth disgusted both Ammie and me; the very idea of taking the object they peed with in our mouth seemed abhorent. Yuck! Especially me, as I had seen pictures of them and even a real one in a swollen state, and it was hard to imagine how we would be able to accommodate such dimensions in our young mouths. Seeing my own brother's confirmed to me personally the difficulty of the task ahead. But it gave me a funny feeling to think about it, like pleasant butterflies in my stomach.
