 Manny yawned widely and stretched. He turned over and the blankets caught in his huge boner. He jerked them aside and the blankets loosened. As he flopped onto his side, he found the other half of the bed empty and woefully cold.

"Jogging again probably..." He grumbled, flicking one eye open. Fuzzy red sheets were all here saw, not his beautiful girlfriend or her bodacious chocolate booty. He found that just a little annoying because she had used one of her spells on him last night to make him horny as a bull so she could ride him for three straight hours. The woman was absolutely insatiable and then he woke up with the stiffest morning wood he could ever remember, she was nowhere to be found.

He contemplated jerking off and making a mess of the sheets just for her, but he thought better of it. It would probably make her even hornier and he'd never even be let out of bed today. It was his day off and he had plans, damn it.

Pushing the blankets aside, he got out of bed and groggily forced his other eye open. It wasn't until three steps away from the bed that he realized something felt off. Instead of uncomfortable cool air brushing up against his balls and over his shaft, he still felt the fuzzy flannel sheets that were on the bed. But only on his dick.

What the hell?

He looked down and just about choked. Adrenaline woke him up extremely quickly and he rubbed at his eyes. Another glance confirmed. His dick was most certainly gone. He grabbed at his crotch and his hand met something wet. Something disturbingly familiar and very, very wet.

"What in the fuck?" He said, holding up his damp fingers. He hurried into the bathroom and flicked on the light.

Sure enough, sitting there beneath his now hairless crotch was a wet, lovely looking pussy. It was weird enough that he stumbled back and sat down on the toilet. He looked himself in the face and realized that wasn't the only thing that was off. He jerked forward and leaned close to the mirror.

Exactly as he thought. His eyelashes were definitely thicker and all his usual morning fuzz was completely missing. His jawline, his masculine and strong jawline, was softer than he remembered.

"What on Earth? What else is going on?" He groaned, looking down at himself. His waist looked a touch thinner and his pecs were definitely sticking out. He turned and just about screamed.

His ass was downright cute now. What had once been a slightly muscular man ass that his girlfriend loved to grab was now softer and had developed just a little bit of a jiggle.

"Fuck!" He yelled at no one.

His frustration and confusion aside, he couldn't take it anymore. The horniness was still burning inside him and he swore he could feel his cock still massively erect and wrapped in fuzzy warm flannel. He quickly ignored that and went mindless after his new genitals.

His ass sunk back down into the seat and he put a finger to his wet slit. It sent tingles up his spine and he groaned with pleasure. It took very little for his finger to slip inside and stars popped in his vision. His spine quivered from the sensations and he laid his head back on the wall.

"Fuck this is gooood." He moaned, sliding the finger all along his slick walls.

Soon enough, he pushed a second finger in. It was wild to know what this felt like on the other end and he couldn't stop himself. He rubbed faster and squeezed his legs together. All the muscles through his middle clenched up and his breath caught in his chest. He gave a strangely feminine cry and his nethers squeezed down tightly on his digits.

It just got weirder and weirder. As he came one of the greatest orgasms of his life, he realized he was still feeling his dick. It was hot and pulsed powerfully in time with his orgasm. He should feel a huge load of cum blasting out of his bulging head and he gasped sharply. The ecstasy from his cock ended quickly but that from his pussy just went on and on until he was panting and just about fell off the toilet. He caught himself on the sink and pushed back up to his feet.

Staring back at him in the mirror was no longer himself but a rather feminine looking androgenite. His hair, once short and a yellow straw, was now down to his earlobes and slowly turning golden.

His chest had softened further and looked more like a washboard female's chest. He shuddered and turned his slightly rounder hips. Yup. He grimaced. His ass was certainly more girly now. It had grown a little plumpness to it and he hated to admit it, but it was starting to look damn cute.

He couldn't take it. He stomped out of the bedroom and back into the bedroom. He fumed back over to his bed and flopped down on it. This was probably all Rachelle's fault. She was the one with the budding witch hobby. She liked to play around with magic despite being entirely self educated and her spells caused him no end of headaches some days.

She wasn't dangerous or malicious, just a little careless. She liked to use him as a guinea pig without even telling him. Sometimes her spells would just give him a big wart or change his hair color. One time she even managed to change a chair into a rather disgruntled bunny. Last night she begged him to let her cast a spell over him and after reassuring him a dozen times she had studied and researched the spell, he agreed. She sat him in a drawn circle, that was still on the floor across the room, and chanted a spell over him while throwing rose petals around. When she finished, he found himself erect and hornier than he had been since his teenage years. She immediately bedded him and rode him to exhaustion.

He thought that had been the end of it. Apparently not. Her magical hijinks continued...

He leaned back and his hand slid into a wet spot on the bed. That wasn't right. She changed the sheets before they fell asleep last night.

Yanking back the sheets, he found his cock. It was horrifyingly detached from him and laying erect across the bed. A massive load of cum was messing the sheets all in front of it. He quickly grabbed it and immediately moaned. He could still feel everything that happened to it.

"Jesus, babe. What the hell did you do to me?" He said, trying to ignore the ever-changing pitch of his voice. He turned his cock over in his hands and saw that where it would be attached to him it was now grown over with fresh skin. A magical rune shone on it.

He felt around the balls hanging from his dick and found them just as hot and sensitive as they had always been. Before he knew it, he was holding it in one hand and stroking it with the other. His horniness hadn't really abated, just faded for a few minutes. The pleasure of touching his cock had it coming back with a vengeance.

"Oh yeah, that's the stuff..." He moaned as the familiar sensation of jerking off flooded him. It was a little awkward, but in the end he was laid back on the bed with the cock held against his belly while he rubbed it. Through sheer arousal, he brought himself to orgasm quickly and his dick shuddered. Cum erupted up across his chest and splattered his face. His breath caught in his chest as the hot goo fell on his cheeks. There was something entirely too satisfying about feeling it glazing his lips.

He collapsed flat with a gasp and his dick flopped off to the side in his grip. As he panted, a new wave of heat coursed up and down his body. It was more than just his orgasm and it made him look down.

Right before his eyes, his chest was growing slowly until perky little B cups were poking up. He rolled his eyes and got to his feet. Back into the bathroom he shuffled and looked at himself in the mirror...

Well perhaps it was herself now.

She had gone full tomboy now. Her hair was strawberry blonde and brushing her shoulders. Along with her perky new boobs, she was starting to develop curves to her hips. The overall masculinity of her body was largely fading.

"Oh fucking hell..." She cursed, "I'm... I'm looking cute..."

As she admired herself, the blazing heat reared forth again and her cock throbbed in her hand. Her heart, which had just begun to calm, started to speed right back up. Her eyes went to the cock in her hand... and then those cute pink lips turned up in such a cute smile right now. She opened her mouth and raised her cock to her tongue slowly. Debate of whether or not this made her gay were short lived when her tongue touched the tip of her cock.

"Ohhhh 'y~!" She moaned, sliding it across her tongue. She gingerly closed her lips around her own shaft and pushed it further in her mouth. The heat and wetness felt amazing. She continued until the tip touched the back of her throat. That gave her pause for a moment and she looked in the mirror.

Oh fuck she looked hot. Her lips wrapped around three quarters of that hot shaft. Her cheeks plumped and her eyes glazed over from the pleasure of sucking dick. She couldn't stop there and pushed it further. A cough and a slight gag, then the last of her cock slipped into her mouth and down her throat. She felt her balls come to rest on her chin and a powerful rush of bliss tingled right down to her toes.

She withdrew the dick and watched it slide free of her mouth. Spittle ran down her chin and soaked the full length of the throbbing member. She slurped on her tip and shuddered at the sensitive touch. Sucking her own cock was easily the best blowjob she had ever felt. She moved it and licked it in every way that felt amazing. As the moment approached, she took the cock deep in her mouth again. She inhaled deeply through her nose and slid it down her throat again. She pushed her tongue out beneath the shaft and lapped at her hot balls. It pushed her over and her dick tightened up. It began to spurt a thick and creamy load down her throat.

Her eyes went to herself in the mirror and she saw herself changing further. Her hair was shifting reddish blonde. Her boobs were slowly growing while her hips became properly feminine. She couldn't take it anymore and pulled the cock out. Cum spewed across her lips and dripped down her chin.

"Oh I can't take this anymore!" She moaned, ignoring the tail end of the orgasm. She stumbled her way back into the bedroom and threw herself on the bed. The cock hadn't softened in the slightest and she spread her legs in preparation. Her body was crying out for it. It had been in the back of her mind since first finding her dick. Her heart pounded wildly as she lifted it into place. Her legs wide, her breath coming in fast pants, she bit her lip and pushed it in.

Bliss, pleasure, ecstasy, not a single word in her head could describe it adequately. Her mind rolled with the sensations of both cock and pussy coming together. She moaned a girlish cry and shoved it all the way in a single rough motion.

White.

Everything went white and she felt heat blooming within her body. Her heartbeat felt like a punch to the chest and she grabbed ahold of the sheets. Her voice quickly failed her in all the screaming. She arched her back and all the muscles through her middle clenched up tightly. This increased the pressure on her cock in heavenly ways. At that moment she realized that she was wildly cumming inside herself. Hot semen was flooding her virgin womb and flooding back along her convulsing walls and splattering against her clenched balls.

It lasted for what seemed like hours. When her senses did finally return to her, she took a deep breath and looked over at the clock, expecting it to be at least lunch. Six minutes. That was all the time she had been writhing around in utter, mind erasing bliss. She stared in shock and then looked down. Her cock, still hard, had slipped out and let a wash of cum and pussy juice soak the sheets.

"Good God... I'm going to kill myself." She breathed, grabbing her cock again, "But fuck it if I don't die with a smile on my face."

She turned herself over and raised her ass in the air. It took a bit of finagling but she got her cock nestled up against her pussy from behind. This time she did it much slower and gently. Her pussy lips parted with a delicious feeling and she tried not to squeeze too tightly as her head slipped inside herself. With all the control she could muster, she guided the cock into her at a steady pace.

"Ooooh~" She cooed with delight as she felt the wonderful sensation of being filled up at the same time as she felt herself being enveloped in the warm wetness.

For a little while, she just stayed there with her ass up and her own cock buried completely inside her own pussy. The sensations of it all were so wild and exciting. She focused on clenching and squeezing along her cock, pleasuring both ends of herself. She moaned and sighed, "Oh Rachelle is so getting it for this. That woman is getting me addicted to this..."

She slowly pulled her dick back and slid it in again. The feeling of it sliding through the sodden, spermy mess of her pussy felt great. She kept up the slow, methodical pace for a little while and savored every second. Her self control could only last so long though. Soon her hand started to quicken and she began to dick herself good.

"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes!" She cried out and came again. Another huge load of spunk poured into her and she felt her eyes trying to roll back in her head. She grabbed the pillow in front of her and hugged it tightly. "Oh Rachelle, yes!"

As her cock pumped cum into her, she smelled her girlfriend on her pillow. More deviant thoughts came into her head. What if she could do the opposite magic on herself and grow a cock to do this. Then she could get pounded properly and maybe even use her dick for a double penetration.

Wait, there was an idea...

As her body slowly came down from the orgasm, she let the heat wash over her from Rachelle's magic again. She reached back and withdrew her cock. Raising the dripping, gooey tip of it, she rubbed it against her asshole. A soft sigh escape her and she tried to push.

"Ohh... ohh no. Too tight! That's not going to work..." She groaned as her ass resisted. She reluctantly set her cock down and began to rub at her ass with one coated finger. That worked much better than her throbbing, manly thick cock. Her nimble digit slipped easily inside and a louder moan came out of her lips. She started to explore her ass gently until one finger was perfectly comfortable. Then she slid in a second and stretched herself a little further.

While one hand was going at that, she lined her cock up with her pussy for yet another go. It slid readily in and, coupled with the pleasure of fingering her ass, made her fall over on her side. Her shaft dug in deep and she focused on the feeling of it's shape inside her. It felt phenomenal and her body quivered with excitement.

Laying there on the bed, she worked herself into another few joyous orgasms until her womb was positively swimming in cum. For what was probably just another six minutes, she fucked herself stupid and worked her body into a puffing exhaustion.

She sat up and pushed the dick harder up her pussy. Hot cum poured into her and she slumped back on the cock, squishing it beneath her and burying it beneath her ass. She couldn't help but notice how much larger it felt now than before.

A naughty smile spread over her face and she moved to get up... Without taking out her cock. She left the still blazing erection sunk comfortably up her pussy and got to her feet. She forced her insides to squeeze up and hold the throbbing member deep inside herself.

Much to Manny's surprise, she just about fell on her face. It took barely a glance down to see why. Her tits were positively massive now. She caught herself and sucked in a sharp breath when her boner rubbed all up against her insides. Back into the bathroom for yet another self inspection rewarded her with quite the sight.

She. Was. Gorgeous.

Long, fluffy waves of vibrant red hair cascaded down her head and over her shoulders. Eyes of bright green looked back at her from the mirror. She had a cute button nose, a soft chin, and those lips. Oh fuck, those lips were so full and beautiful. They looked like the lips of a dick sucking champion.

Down further, her shoulders had thinned a bit before leading into breasts that would've looked large on a porn star. Big, thick nipples topped impossibly full and curvy boobs. Leading down into a taut, hourglass waist and then beyond that... Ohhh beyond that made her hornier than she had been all day. Her waist widened out into the kind of eye catching hips and thighs that start wars. A fluffy tuft of red curls sat between them and above her well-messied pussy.

Turning around, she inspected her ass with interest. It was every bit as enticing as the rest of her. All full and plump, just a little bounce on her heels set it jiggling fantastically. She bent forward and saw the magic rune on the end of her dick sticking out between her thighs. It might be a little weird seeing her dismembered member and sack there, but it all felt too good to matter. She grasped the base of it and pulled, marveling at the sheer amount of thick cock she had buried in herself. Almost as soon as she had pulled it free, her cum-packed hole winked tightly closed with barely a few dribbles escaping. Even after a fucking like that, she was still like a vice.

All in all, as a redhead, she could put Jessica Rabbit to shame.

"Fuck I need more. When is Rachelle getting home!" Manny whined in a very sing-song girly voice. She decided she might as well relieve some of her exhaustion with a steamy hot shower. A good way to pass time while waiting for her girlfriend.

The water rained down from her showerhead and she stood to the side, waiting for it to get hot. As she did so she lifted her cum covered cock and licked cum from it. It was such a casual thought to lick gooey semen from her cock that she stared at it in shock. 

"Guess I really am becoming a woman." Manny said and her eyes drifted back to the mirror. "At least I'm hot."

Steam started to rise from the shower and she turned to get in. A long moan left her as it splashed over her. It felt wonderful to relax under the hot water. She stretched and turned, letting the heat soak into her all around. Hot water splashed down her deep cleavage and she looked down at her tits, "Mmm... I wonder."

She raised her throbbing member and settled it between her boobs. The warm, supple flesh felt great to wrap around her shaft. It was a bit of a trick to work out, but she managed to get them squished together with one arm and start moving her cock with the other.

"Ohh yes, that's the stuff." She moaned as she fucked her own boobs. The feeling coming from her detached cock was that of fluffy, heavenly breasts with a steamy shower raining down over it. She slowly sped up her hand, slapping her cock and balls against the bottom of her chest.

Her voice rose in a happy cry and a thick fountain of cum shot from her dick. It blasted her chin and rained down all over her titties. She held it tight and let it pump out until her magnificent chest was coated.

"Man that feels good." She sighed as she showered off her messy fun.

Holding her cock to the side, she took the shower wand and started to wash herself better. It ran down her body all over and she put it between her thighs. That brought a fresh moan from her horny lips.

"Oh fuck. Oh shit. Oh yes!" She moaned wildly as she pushed the shower wand against her nethers. Turning around, she bent over and held it behind her. The hot water pounded against her asshole and all over her pussy. She brought her cock up to her lips and slid the head of it between her plump, cock-sucking lips. A throaty pleasure filled her as she massaged her cunt and sucked on her dick.

Within a minute of this, her body was buzzing and she was shaking with pleasure. Her pussy clenched and her dick pulsated in her mouth. Sticky semen blasted down her throat and she gulped it eagerly. Her body hummed and she realized how much she had been spraying her clit. That was something she hadn't played with yet.
