 My name is Carol Dennis. I'm just an ordinary girl, I always have been. People say I'm pretty, but I don't want to boast. I guess I'm pretty average. I like the things a lot of other people like, I have a stable job, I'm pretty well-adjusted...

Well...there is...one small difference.

See, back in high school, just after I turned eighteen, I lost my virginity to a girl. And not an ordinary girl, either! This girl had...well, she had a cock. A huge, thick cock, and she took my virginity with it! At first it hurt really bad, as I had heard it would, but it quickly started feeling pretty damn good! I kept track, and I came four times before she did. As she shot her load into me, I came again! After we were finished, I began to panic. See, we hadn't used a condom, it was kind of a heat of the moment type thing, and I was worried that I would get pregnant. She looked me dead in the eyes and told me not to worry, she physically could not make me, or any other girl, pregnant. As I breathed a sigh of relief, she looked out the window and gasped before turning back to me, wide-eyed.

"There's a full moon out," she said. She seemed scared out of her wits.

"So?" I replied.

"You know how I said I couldn't impregnate you?" she asked. My eyes got wide as I silently nodded, fearing the worst. Did the full moon mean she could impregnate me? I was starting to freak out again.

Then she gave me this weird, drawn-out story about how she got her penis, something to do with magic or whatever, but I was too busy internally freaking out over the fact that she might have actually knocked me up after all to really pay attention. However, when she got to the point of her story, what she said then was worse than me simply being impregnated, or so I thought at the time.

"When the moon is full and I cum inside of a girl, she gains...well, this," she said, gesturing to her cock. "But only at night. And anyone who gets a cock from me can give anyone else a cock by cumming inside of them under the full moon."

Then, right after she said it, I started to feel this horrible burning sensation in my clitoris, more painful than anything I had ever felt before. I doubled over in pain. The girl, the one with the magic cock, didn't seem too freaked out, well, not any more than she already was. I felt this strange, painful pulling sensation as it felt like my clit was going to tear itself from my body. In a way, I guess it did. In the span of what had to be no more than thirty seconds, my clit had blossomed into a massive cock, thicker than my arm and longer than any guy's cock I had ever seen in my life. To make matters worse, a giant pair of hairless balls dropped out underneath. The girl assured me that it would go away upon daybreak, and that I still had my vagina, and that during the daytime everything would appear normal. I was so freaked out I just ran away, driving back home, my cock throbbing and aching the whole time, held taut to my stomach by my waistband, half-erect. The more my cock sat there, sticking out of my crotch, the less it hurt, almost as if it was becoming a part of me, which I suppose it was. The pain bled away into a strange, yet familiar feeling. Was it...arousal?

I rushed to my room, making sure not to wake my parents, and stared at my new appendage by the light of my nightstand lamp. I was...horny, but it was...it was a different kind of horniness than I had ever experienced before. Holding my breath, I tentatively reached a hand out and grasped my cock. Pleasure emanated from a place that hadn't even existed on my body a few hours before. I gasped, my eyes widening as my cock began to grow and harden in my hand. It was a strange feeling, like this radiant warmth was coming out of me, totally unlike anything I had ever felt before. I don't remember much of what happened next. It's all kind of a haze of pleasure. I know I started stroking my cock, the action just coming naturally to me. I remember moaning and fondling my bare breasts as I ran my hand up and down my throbbing cock, sweat beading on my forehead as my whole body heated up. What I remember most is the first orgasm. Incredible, explosive, more blissful than anything I had ever experienced before. I remember staring at the ceiling, my body trembling as my cock spat out powerful jets of cum across the room, more times than I could count. As my cock settled down, I looked at it, I saw the trails of semen on the floor, and before I could even think, I was back at it, stroking myself to orgasm after orgasm, nearly ruining the carpeting with my sticky jizz, all the way until dawn, when my cock disappeared the way it came, true to the girl's words.

And I never saw her again.

I think she moved away after she realized just what she had done. I don't blame her. I mean, she basically ruined my life.

Okay, I blame her a little.

Every night since that fateful one, I have locked myself indoors, refusing the company of others, doing practically nothing but jerking off my nighttime penis until I fall asleep, the cock gone when I wake up. After all, what would people think if I popped a boner in public? Or worse, what if I couldn't control my urges?

But, last night...well, last night was something else.

It's been years since high school, and I'm in my 20s now, and since I never go out at night, I don't have much in the way of a social life. My best friend, and current roommate, Becky, who I've known since I was a little kid, has always urged me to go out at night with her, but I've always refused. Usually I come up with a half-assed reason for doing so, despite Becky's protests, but last night was different. Becky just would not take no for an answer, and I just couldn't bring myself to make up an excuse.

"See? I've picked you out this totally hot red dress," she said, handing me the dress to put on. It's the summertime, so the sun doesn't go down until around nine o'clock. This was about six. Becky always likes to hit the clubs early. She always boasts how she can go from dusk 'til dawn.

I knew I couldn't get out of it this time. I steeled my reserve, put on the dress (which does look damn hot), and went out with her to the club. It was around eight when we got there, and we were among the first people in there. I had mentally prepared myself for this dangerous night out as best I could. Me growing a cock was inevitable. It had happened every single night for nearly ten years, so I wasn't going to try to fight it. I was just going to hide it, and try not to get an erection. What complicated matters was that we'd be going to a hot nightclub. A hot nightclub full of pretty girls.

Girls turn me on. It's why I lost my virginity to one (albeit one with a dick). Every night, when I masturbated, stroking my fat cock as hard and fast as I could, coaxing orgasm after orgasm out of my throbbing meat, I thought of girls. I thought of fucking those girls. Sometimes, and I would hardly even admit it to myself, I thought of Becky. Many a night has passed where I've cum multiple times just thinking of lpowing Becky with my fat cock.

So, I had the little red dress on (I really do look HOT in that thing), all dolled up, and there I was, at the club with Becky.

Anyway, we're among the first people in the club for the night. Everything's fine. I told Becky I'd be the designated driver, so no drinks for me. I didn't want any alcohol loosening me up once night fell. After all, I would need all my willpower to keep from popping a boner. So, Becky and I sat at the bar, watching people begin to file into the club for the night's festivities.

As the club started to fill with people, the sun began to set. When the sun truly sets, when it really gets dark, not just when the sun has dipped below the horizon, that's when it hits, and even when I'm not outside, or near any windows, I can tell. See, when one has a condition like mine for long enough, one can realize that moment when it's finally night, about a minute before one's clit turns into a huge cock and balls. When that moment hit, I excused myself and went to the bathroom. Locking myself in a stall, I pulled up my dress and waited for the magic to happen.

Over the years, the intense pain of growing a cock has become intense pleasure. I eventually found that I enjoyed the pulling sensation as my clitoris quickly grows and morphs into a big, fat cock, and the tickling, jostling sensation when my balls (literally) drop. I couldn't help but let out a quiet moan as the transformation happened. Even after watching it happen so many times, the process itself still turns me on, although for all I know that could be part of the magic. Watching my clit grow and pulsate, transforming into a giant cock, seelingmy balls drop beneath the massive shaft, was almost enough to give me a boner right there, but I stayed under control. The pounding music of the club, muted as it was through the walls, was still loud enough to cover up the noises I was making as the magic took effect. I spent the next minute or so trying to figure out how to get my cock inside my dress without arousing suspicion. Thanks to my mental conditioning, I was fully flaccid, which would definitely help with concealment. After a few tries, I pulled my soft cock upward, tucking it against my belly with the tight fabric of the dress. My dress was just long enough to cover my balls, and while there was a slight bulge, I figured in the low light of the club, no one would really see it, so back out I went, hoping, PRAYING for the best.

I slid up to the bar, ordered a water, and tried not to get aroused. It was there that I realized just what would get me hard, and it was just as I expected: girls. There were a LOT of cute girls in the club. However, there were also a lot of trashy-looking ones, which worked to my advantage. I was never a fan of the trashy, slutty look that a lot of women cultivated. I preferred girls who looked like nice girls. Girls who you wouldn't expect to be naughty. Girls who looked like...

Becky.

And there she was. My eyes fell on Becky, out on the dance floor with some guy. She was wearing a sexy little black dress, her brown hair pulled into a tight bun, her thin-framed rectangular glasses giving her face a down-home look. Becky looked positively beautiful.

What she was doing, on the other hand, was far from beautiful. Becky was out there, with a couple drinks in her, grinding up against some guy's crotch as they danced. It was really lewd. I hated how she was degrading herself, but, God help me, I couldn't look away. As the lights flashed and the music pounded, so did my heart. Someone as clean-cut and wholesome-looking as Becky, acting what I felt only the trashy girls acted like, was turning out to be turning me on, in a big way. As I stared at Becky, rubbing her butt against that guy's crotch, I imagined it was my crotch that she was grinding. My mental resolve to not get a boner had completely flown out the window, and soon I was feeling my dress tighten around my stomach as my cock began to reach full mast. It was dark at the corner of the bar where I was, but just to be safe, I turned to face the bar, hiding my crotch from anyone who might see.

Stupid, stupid, STUPID!!! I had gotten a boner in public, AND it was from looking at my best friend! Did I...LIKE her??? I mean, I HAD jerked off while thinking about her before, but that didn't mean anything, right??? Then again, I had never really seen Becky get loose like she was that night, since I never went out with her. I ordered another water and tried to keep Becky off of my mind, but she kept coming back, the visions growing more and more vivid with each passing moment. Before I knew it, I was hugging the bar, nursingmy water, my cock harder than it had ever been, struggling against the tight fabric of my dress as I imagined bending Becky over and slamming my cock into her, over and over again.

I was jostled from my horny stupor by a rather sharp slap on the back.

"Carol!" Becky shouted. I could tell she was tipsy, but still very much in control of her mental faculties.

"H-hi Becky," I stammered.

"You know, you should hit the floor with me," Becky said, ordering a gin and tonic. "I was just out there with this cute guy, and-"

"Yeah, I saw you," I replied, my rock-hard cock yearning to break free from its polyester prison. Turning my head to Becky, I noticed the guy she was dancing with wasn't with her. "So where's your guy?" I asked.

"I was getting there, until I was so rudely interrupted," she replied. "The dancing got a bit heated, and I grinded up against his crotch a little bit-"

A little bit. Yeah, right.

"-and he seemed...pretty lacking."

This is where things started to snowball.

"...Lacking?" I replied, as nonchalantly as I could, a plan already formulating in my sex-starved, crazed mind. I was too horny to see reason at this point.

"Yeah, his dick just felt like, average size," Becky giggled. "I've always been a size queen. I told you that, right?"

"N-no," I stammered. Of all the times to find out my best friend liked big cocks! I was hornier than I had ever thought possible. I had to have her. I didn't care if she found out my secret. I needed release, and Becky was making my upcoming decision almost too easy for me to make.

"Becky..." I said, nearly delirious with lust. Anywhere else, I would have never thought about doing what I was bout to do. "I have...something to show you."

Becky turned to me and cocked her head to the side. "Oh, yeah?" she replied. "What's up?"

Swallowing my fear, I took an insane gamble. Grabbing her wrist, I led her hand to the front of my dress, pressing her palm against my giant bulge. The initial look of confusion on her face quickly faded, Becky's eyes going wide as she realized just what she was touching.

"Is that a..." she mouthed. Maybe she actually said it, but the noise in the club was so loud it might as well have been mouthed. I nodded.

"Are you a..."

I shook my head.

"But you have a..."

I nodded.

"It's so..."

"Big," I said. Becky moved in close, our mouths inches apart.

"Big," she echoed.

I let go of Becky's wrist, her hand staying there, touching my bulge. I sighed as she began to run her hand up and down my stomach, caressing my cock through my dress.

"Oh god," I moaned. "Please stop."

"Sorry!" Becky said, pulling her hand away from me. "I...I thought you wanted..."

"I do, Becky. Just...not here. I'm...I'm pretty close to, you know..."

Becky nodded her head. "Bathroom?" she asked. Reaching in her purse, Becky pulled out a keycard. "The private one."

See, this was a club Becky frequented, and she had a special key to a private bathroom. It was much nicer than the standard bathrooms, and was a way for club regulars to avoid having to stand in line just to redo their makeup. Becky took my hand and led the way. I made sure to stick very close to her, lest anyone see my pronounced bulge. This led to my cock rubbing up against Becky's back, getting me even more riled up. I was ready to blow.

In the bathroom, Becky got on her knees and flipped up my dress.

"Oh!" she shrieked as my cock finally broke free from its restraints, slapping her in the face. I let out a sharp gasp as it did so, Becky nearly falling onto her ass in shock. "It's...it's huge!"

I couldn't help but blush.

"Carol, this cock of yours, it's everything I could ever dream of!" Becky exclaimed, running a hand up and down my throbbing shaft.

"Oh god!" I moaned. "I'm cumming!"

I was already at my breaking point, and Becky's soft hand running up and down my cock sealed the deal. I thrust my hips forward as I came, cum rocketing out of my cock, flying over Becky's head and painting a stall door white.

"Oh my, such a quick shooter..." Becky mused. "I hope that's not all you've got, Carol."

I grinned. "Oh, don't worry, it's not." My cock was still rock-hard, and truth be told, I was only getting started.

Becky licked her lips and began stroking my cock again, this time with both hands. "God, your cock's so thick," she said. "I wonder if I can even fit it in my mouth..."

Before I could ask her to try, Becky did just that, slipping her mouth around the head of my cock. A girl was sucking my cock! I couldn't believe it! And it felt so good!

"Aah..." I gasped."Y-your mouth feels REALLY good." I'm pretty sure Becky responded in the affirmative, but I couldn't tell with my dick in her mouth.

Becky continued stroking my cock as she worked more and more of my massive shaft into her mouth. Her mouth was so tight and wet and hot, it felt like my dick was going to melt! I had never felt anything other than my own hands before, and this blowjob was blowing my mind!

"Oh god, Becky, if you keep that up I'm gonna cum again," I moaned. The entire head and a good bit of my shaft was inside Becky's mouth. I didn't know what a girl's throat felt like but I was pretty sure at least some of my cock was in there. I put my hands on Becky's head, moaning as she sucked my dick. I slowly pumped my hips, helping Becky take more and more of my cock into her mouth and throat. Soon, I could feel my balls start to tighten as my orgasm neared.

"Becky," I gasped. "I'm about to cum!"

Becky looked up at me, her mouth halfway down my cock, and moaned, lewd slurping noises coming from her mouth as she took even more of my cock inside her. I stared at her, our eyes meeting, and a few moments later, I exploded. Cum surged up my cock as I moaned hard, my cock erupting directly into Becky's throat. I humped the rest of my cock into Becky's mouth, much to her surprise, Becky struggling beneath me as I shot load after load of my cum into her throat.

After I had finally finished cumming, I slowly extracted my cock from Becky's throat. "You all right?" I asked her. After all, I had basically forced my entire cock into her mouth and throat and just came buckets inside of her.

"Carol..." she sputtered. "That...was...INCREDIBLE!"

Becky quickly pulled off her dress, tossing it to a corner of the bathroom. It was then that I noticed she wasn't wearing anything underneath her dress. If I wasn't already still hard, that would have certainly made me pop a boner.

"Carol, I want you inside me," Becky said as she laid on her back, spreading her legs, letting me get a good look at her pussy. It was already dripping wet.

"I'm this wet just from giving you a blowjob," Becky moaned, playing with her clit. "I need you inside me, Carol."

How could I turn down an invitation like that? Hovering over her, I kissed Becky on the lips. I opened my mouth and she opened hers, and our tongues danced. My cock rubbed against her belly, precum leaking from the tip. At long last, I broke from the kiss and positioned the tip of my cock with the entrance to her weeping pussy.

"Th-this is my first time," I stammered, embarrassed.

"That's OK, Carol, I can take it," Becky reassured me. "Just stick that thing inside me already!"

I grunted as I pushed forward, my cock meeting with heavy resistance as it stretched Becky to her limit.

"Oh, gawwwwwwd," Becky moaned. "I've never taken anything this big before! Carol, ohhhh, you're gonna make me cum!"

Not wanting to tire Becky out too quickly, I paused, taking a moment to feel the inside of Becky's pussy with my cock. It was warm, and tight, and I could feel it trying to suck me in.

"W-why'd you stop?" Becky moaned.

"Just didn't want to blow your mind too early," I replied with a grin. "You ready for more?"

"Yeah."

As I pressed more of my cock into her unbelievably tight cunt, Becky moaned and writhed beneath me. It was incredible, Becky's cunt just sucking my cock in, my rock-hard shaft grinding pleasurably against her pussy walls. After I had gotten half of my cock into Becky, I began thrusting, and that's when she kicked into overdrive.
