 Claire heaved, expecting to cough out gel from her lungs. But there was none. She looked around, realizing that she was now fully in the virtual reality simulation Juzhi had programmed. She had been sent to a tiny, featureless room, with white walls. She gasped and fell back.

She looked around. The room was real. It must have been. Juzhi must have taken her out of the tube, and sent her to a hotel somewhere.

Claire tried to clear her mind, and tried to focus. "No, Claire. No." She commanded herself. "This is not real." She had to remember that. The moment the mind could not perceive the difference was the moment it was lost.

Claire pushed at the walls. They felt solid, with paint chipping off their sides, rust appearing through the chips. "How is this possible?" she whispered to herself. This type of detail had yet to have been achieved anywhere she had seen. Nothing looked procedurally generated, as she would expect from a typical virtual reality system. She stood.

"You can't stay here," Claire said to herself. "You have to keep moving."

Claire opened the white door in front of her, and stepped into a circular stone chamber more than fifty feet wide. A soothing string quartet reverberated across the hall, which was dimly lit save for a light in the center. The door behind her closed; Claire spun around to see that no door remained. Her heart thumped in her chest.

Claire turned around and looked towards the center of the room. She could discern a figure moving about, but the light was far too bright to make out details. As she neared the center of the hall she could make out a marble table, and standing next to it was James, clothed in a white robe.

"James?" she exclaimed. She didn't expect to find him so soon, and had so many questions. "Where are we? How long have you been here, how..."

James looked, puzzled at her. "Are you my 10:30?"

Claire was taken aback by the question. "What? James, we have to get out of here, I..."

James smiled thinly. "Ma'am, I have a long day ahead of me. Unfortunately I can't leave now."

Claire was dumbfounded. She looked at what James had been working at. The marble table was lined with thick cushions. At its side was a small shelf with bottles filled with glowing substances. We're in some sort of spa?

"James, don't you recognize me? I'm Claire, we work together..."

James shook his head. "Ma'am, this is your first time here, I've never seen you. If I've upset you for some reason I can find a different masseuse for you..."

James began to step away. Claire panicked. She couldn't lose him, so soon. "No, wait." Claire was starting to realize that the simulation was stronger than what she had ever experienced; James had appeared to have lost all sense of self. It wouldn't be as simple as just pulling him out.

Claire swallowed, realizing she'd have to let this play out, at least for a little bit. "I'm ready for my appointment." 

James nodded and smiled. "Wonderful." He gestured towards the table. "Please disrobe and lie face up on the table."

Claire blinked at the abruptness of the request. James wants me to strip, in front of him? Simultaneously she realized that the clothes she had entered with were gone, and replaced by a thick white robe, similar to what James was wearing. 

"Ma'am... Claire, is it? Surely the front desk informed you about the nature of massages here..."

Claire trembled. A rush of memory came back to her. Wait a minute... I've been here before. The spa near Oslo. Claire had been convinced to get a massage by a new friend she had met at a conference there. She had come in a room, similar to this one. Five minutes into the massage, she had bolted from the room, clutching her robe to her chest and legs. The effect of a stranger touching her frightened her, pulling her into feelings she her timidity couldn't cope with. The simulation is drawing from my own memories, she realized, her heart sinking.

"Claire, are we ready to get started?"

In Norway I didn't have to take my clothes off. What's going on here? "James, I'm not sure if I'm comfortable removing the robe... can we please continue with my robe on?"

James' eyes darkened. "Claire, I am an artist; would you expect Rodin to have sculpted with a curtain around his stone? You are welcome to consult with a less experienced masseuse if you wish."

The commanding tone in James' voice prodded Claire into action. I can't lose him to the simulation, not when I just found him. Claire unhooked a shoulder from her robe, and then the other. The robe fell loosely onto her breasts. Claire steeled herself, eyes closed, as though diving into a cold pool, and then wriggled the robe off. It fell loosely onto the stone ground.

Claire could feel James gaze on her naked body even though her eyes were closed. "Claire," James whispered strangely. "I need you to put your arms by your side."

Claire realized, somewhat foolishly, that her right arm was hugged across her chest, hiding her nipples. Her left hand was between her legs, guarding her privates. She could feel his eyes were piercing harder into her. "James, if I get this massage, do you think I can talk to you as you work?" She tried to find some saving grace in this embarrassing affair. 

James nodded. Claire slowly drew her hands away from a guarding position and to her sides. James approached her, and Claire gritted her teeth. He stepped behind her and gingerly touched her neck. "I'm going to probe your body for sources of tension." 

Claire shivered as his hands worked across her shoulders and down her back. "James, how long have you worked here?" That was how we most easily pulled ourselves out of the lucid state. By finding contradictions in the simulation, by asking questions we had no easy answers to. 

"About a year." James's right hand was moving down her lower back now.

"And you've always worked as a masseuse?"

"No. I've had a lot of different jobs." James had one hand on her shoulder, and his other hand was now approaching the curve of her buttocks. Claire's modesty instinctively took over, and her hips jerked away; but James was faster; in a flash his other hand was on her hips, and held her in place. Claire gasped.

"James, I...wait..." 

He didn't listen. His hand was now caressing and digging deeply across her buttocks. Strangely, his grip on her was not terribly strong. It was almost as though some other force was holding her in place while his hands crawled over her body. Is this what I want...? No, the simulation must be holding me here...

James clicked his tongue. "An awful lot of tension here, I see..." His hand now moved inward, down towards her thighs, dangerously close to her... to her... but he avoided it, instead probing her upper thighs. She let out a small sigh, though no less comforted. 

"James, wait. What did you do before you were a masseuse?" 

James stood in front of her. He scrunched his face. Yes! I'm getting through to him! Claire thought. 

"I was a bodybuilder," he said, with assertiveness.

With a deft motion, James moved one hand towards the back of Claire's knees, and the other towards her back. Claire gasped as she fell into his arms, and she lay totally helpless as he carried her towards the glass table. How did that not work? The simulation shouldn't be building memories that deep!

James deposited her onto the table. As she adjusted to the light, she could see that mirrors were situated in every point of her eyesight, showing every corner of her naked body. No matter where she turned, she could not escape her nudity.

James returned with a glowing blue bottle, and squeezed the liquid onto his hand. It steamed as he rubbed his hands together. 

His hands dug into her shoulders. Claire gasped. All of the tension in her body immediately dissipated. Where in Norway she had remained clothed but steadily panicked and bolted, she now lay on the glass table, totally exposed, but totally at ease. "Juzhi...are you doing this...?" she asked to the room. She must be altering the chemical environment of the float tank...right? 

James worked his way down her upper chest. He had only taken a small amount of liquid, but her body was becoming more and more oily under his hands. Is that my sweat? James reached her breasts. She shuddered as he gingerly cupped them. No...I can't enjoy this! I need to get him out of here!

"James..." she said between shuddering. "This isn't real... James, we work together, you must remember? Ethan Allen University? We..."

James shushed her gently. "We shouldn't talk about that."

Claire opened her eyes, her eyebrows raising. "What do you mean we shouldn't..." 

She would have finished the question, but was distracted by the sight in the mirrors around her. James was kneading her breasts. But her flesh wasn't acting as it should. Her breasts rippled and danced strangely as he massaged them, like waves were floating through her chest. But that wasn't the strangest thing; a soft blue light was building under her breasts, and crawling like rivulets down her stomach, to her...

Oh no... she thought, in a near panic about the sensations coming over her. I can't let myself be drawn into this, I can't...

"James... I want to talk to you...about...about..."

But she couldn't complete her sentence. Involuntarily, her legs parted, attempting to ease the tension building up between them. James noticed, and moved his attention there. 

He quickly raised up one of her legs, exposing her privates to the mirrors. She gasped at the raw, vulgar sight of them, but her modesty was again dashed as his hands pressed into her thighs. The sensations building up in her were too deep, and she was starting to drown in them. 

Maybe if I allow this particular simulation to complete itself, I'll be able to talk normally to him... she wondered. Yes... that will HAVE to work. Just get this over with... 

James looked into her eyes. "Did you know human saliva is an excellent relaxant?" He kissed her upper thigh, continuing to knead them. His hands moved downward, downward, downward...

His hand was now over her privates. One finger explored the outside of her vagina. She gave no sound of complaint; her eyes were now just glued to the mirror over her body, staring up into the ceiling. When she caught sight of...

His member was erect, jutting out of his robe. It twitched as his hands worked on her, sweat beading and veins protruding. James noticed what she was looking at, and grinned.

A flash of light. James was now standing at her head. He swiftly pulled his robe off, leaving his muscular naked body exposed, his cock hovering above her face.

A memory flashed into her head. James in his float tank, immersed in conductive gel, his cock standing straight forward. His cock violently twitching and rippling as the simulation aroused and agitated his body. And then, his cock dancing violently and finally spurting glowing semen into his tank, jet after jet of liquid pouring from his body.

"It's time to choose..." a voice echoed in the chamber. Is that my voice, Claire thought? Is it... what was his name...Juzhi...no that can't be it...?"

Claire chose. She wanted to see that again. She wanted to see his cock do that again. James knew what she wanted, and knew her inexperience; he took her hand and placed it on his member. As she did, she could feel the semen gurgling inside of it, the sheer liquid heat of it. 

At his prompting, she pulled on it. Drops of white liquid fell from him onto her face and chest. She pulled again. More glorious drops. She smiled at him, reveling in her accomplishment. 

With both hands, she pumped on his cock. He groaned. I must be doing this right! She began to pull harder, and harder. She could hear and feel the semen building in his body, and her body tensed and fevered in anticipation. 

James reached down and took her hand. At first she thought she was doing something wrong, but then he took her finger, and scooped up a glob of white liquid that had dripped onto her face. He then took her finger and placed it in her mouth. She swallowed and gasped. It tastes like... sweet, thick, sour... it tastes like everything! She wanted to taste more.

The table rose, as if knowing her command. Her mouth was now directly under his cock. Her tongue stretched upwards to meet it, and his cock moved downward, gracefully sliding wetly into her mouth. She groaned with delight as his precum dripped down her throat. She arched her back like a gymnast and gripped his buttocks, positioning his body moved to into her, in and out, his flesh sliding along her lips.

She felt so close to it, the heat, the magnificent heat inside her mouth. All throughout her head she could feel the vibrations as his body churned cum. She opened her eyes, and looked to the mirrors. The obscene picture of it; her back arched, her breasts dancing as her body accepted his thrusts, her privates aroused, wet, and open.

His cock was roaring inside her mouth. It was happening. She released his body and lay on the table, awaiting her gift. One twitch; two, and a third. 

The first jet of semen burst outwards and streamed across her body, stretching from her collarbone down to her bellybutton. The semen steamed on her body, the heat bursting onto her in a way that strangely caused no pain. A second; this one further, landing on her exposed privates, dripping down between her labia; she gasped as the seductive heat crawled across her clitoris and into her cunt. 

She grabbed his member and squeezed tightly. The next stream, pressurized, stretched down to her toes. She then pulled his member towards her face, and braced herself in anticipation. The stream splashed on her face, over her forehead, down her hair. She kept pumping, stream after stream hitting her face. Her mouth again rose up to meet his member and her lips slid over it. A final massive jet poured down her throat, the thick liquid roaring into her body.

A brief moment of blackness. And then Claire was back, her eyes opening slowly, coated with James's semen. She found herself in the mirrors; her body was a conglomeration of flesh coated with glowing, steaming white liquid, like paint across her body. She raised a hand, and saw rivulets of semen running down her fingers. She spread her fingers apart, and watched the thick liquid webbing between her fingers. She smiled, then sucked her fingers dry.