 James stared at the ceiling of the hotel room. He was on the couch; Claire on one bed, Amy on the other. James's fist clenched and unclenched. He tried to tally the days in his head; it must have been...40 or 45 days until Amy had last wanted to have sex with him. She had seemingly lost all interest in him; on some days she barely spoke to him, let alone shown any sexual interest in him. Their relationship was spiraling downwards; James had hoped that attending this road trip would help bring the spark back, but she had mostly ignored him the entire time. 

He sat up slightly on the couch, and looked over at Amy. Her was barely visible under the thick covers. How long had it been since he had been inside her, felt the shape of her skin? A madness was coming over him. She must be fucking other men... he thought. She had always had a strong sexual appetite. She couldn't just be satisfied by herself. James imagined another man, a colleague, over her body. Absurdly, he felt blood rushing to his cock.

His eyes turned to Claire, sleeping on her side. She had always been a good friend to him, had tried to reassure him as Amy lost interest. Earlier that day he event felt she was looking at him...with desire perhaps? 

James noticed the covers shifting near her hips. And then he could see through the covers. Her hand was pressed inside of her pajamas, her hips and hands shifting slowly against each other. And then he could see through her clothes. Her hands were stroking against her clit, one finger making its way gently across her cunt.

James's cock was fully erect. He lightly touched it through his pants in anticipation. This is it. James thought. He rose from the bed, and delicately slipped into a spooning position behind Claire. As his body neared hers, a single thought of guilt passed through him. Amy is fucking other men. She must be. Why can't I?

At once, James pressed his cock against her buttocks, and reached his own hand into Claire's underwear, grasping her hand and the wetness underneath. Claire gasped and awoke.

"Claire," he whispered hoarsely. "I'm going to fuck you. And I want her to dream about it."

Claire panted, her sudden consciousness spinning through the decision before her. James didn't let her decide. He took her hand and pushed it onto his cock. She began to lightly stroke it.

"Put it inside you," James commanded quietly.

Claire's pajamas and underwear melted off of her as if on command. She lifted a leg slightly, and positioned his cock to enter her.

James thrust forcefully into her. This would be his experience, and he would be in control of it. Claire caught a yelp in her throat and met his thrust. And then another thrust. And another. And another.

"James...please... don't let her wake up..." Claire pleaded in a whisper.

James cackled. He grabbed the sheets and pulled them off of the two of them. Claire's body was now entirely exposed to Amy's potential view, his cock pistoning in and out of her.

Claire was enjoying this. He could feel her cunt slicken at the exhibitionist risk of this. She moaned quietly. He lifted her leg higher, lewdly exposing their fucking further. Across the room, Amy shifted slightly. She had always been a deep sleeper. Part of James wanted her to wake up and see this.

"James..." she said through gritted teeth. "James...I was never here. And Amy was never your girlfriend...that was Dana... do you remember...?"

James blinked. What is this woman talking about? James looked around and felt the room distort slightly, like it was blinking in and out of reality. James shook his head. The fucking must be driving her wild. 

James increased his pace, and Claire's odd talk dissipated. "I'm going to come now," he informed her. 

That information sent Claire over the edge. Her breath caught in her throat and her entire body tensed. James could feel her cunt clenching and sucking on him, demanding to milk him dry. With a final thrust and quiet roar, James finished inside of her, semen gushing out of her hole, ricocheting onto her legs. James kept his eyes on Amy as they came. She never woke. 

James pulled his cock out of her body; she moaned at its absence. She turned around to face him, finally, and climbed on top of his body. Her face was flushed, her hair wild. "We...we shouldn't have..." she began to say.

James interrupted her with a deep kiss. His still-hard cock pushed against her belly. With strong arms he grasped her shoulders, and pushed her body downwards, until her head was positioned near his cock. He looked down at her with wild eyes. Claire obeyed, and took him into her mouth, Amy still asleep a few feet away.

****

Claire examined the prisoner dangling in front of her. Her wrists were shackled tightly to a hook, which was in turn connected to a ceiling conveyor belt. Behind her dangled a dozen other women in similar fashion, all awaiting processing. They all wore the same clothing, or lack thereof; a metallic thong, locked into place with a key only Claire had access too. Their legs were shackled with a rigid metal ligature, forcibly spreading their bodies into an X position. Their mouths were gagged and their heads lolled with exhaustion, streams of saliva dripping down their cheeks. Besides that, their bodies were completely exposed.

Claire pulled the blindfold off of the prisoner. She blinked awake. This part always fascinated Claire; the way new prisoners tried to make sense of the world around them. The factory smelled of oil, of machinery, but also of sweat, and sex. The prisoner could distantly hear the moans and shrieks of women...some panicked, some relaxed...but all noises that could only come from the sexual process. 

The prisoner kicked her body around futilely as she realized where she was. Even Claire's clothing struck fear into the prisoner; a leather corset that left Claire's breasts powerfully exposed, fishnets and long leather boots and sleeves.

Claire glanced at paperwork in her hand. "I have your record from the military tribunal here. You have been found guilty of...terrible...terrible things." 

The prisoner tensed. Her eyes drooped. It was here that Claire could tell if the prisoners were indeed guilty or had landed here under false pretenses.

Claire approached her. "Amy, right...? You truly did these things...didn't you?"

Amy's head dropped, and she stifled a sob. She nodded once. 

Claire nodded. "We'll be spending a good amount of time together. Let's not waste any time getting to know each other, shall we?"

Claire moved towards a large control system and pressed a green button. The conveyor belt sprang to life, and the ceiling hook which suspended Amy began to carry her forward and upwards, up, up, up, until she had a full view of the entire prison floor.

Claire looked up at her. From that height, Amy would see a jungle of metal, of machines, of steel bolts, but also flesh that would occasionally make itself known, naked legs and hands that would be grasping outwards at nothing, heaving chests that could be made out in the dim light. It would be confusing, and terrifying. But with Amy's crimes, she would also know that she would deserve the treatment that awaited her.

The conveyor belt brought her downwards again and into another room, filled with strange contraptions. Claire met her there. "Move her into position," she ordered, and two leather-garbed attendants pulled Amy's body towards a raised, round metallic surface, seemingly nondescript. 

"Amy, as you know you still have information that could be valuable to us. You've been asked, and refused to offer any help."

The attendants undid the metal ligature binding her legs, and in turn secured her legs with shackles to bolts on the floor. Claire could see Amy's naked chest begin to pulse harder as her breathing rate increased.

Claire continued. "Amy...you know your guilt. For the sake of your victims... the least you could do for them is work with us."

Amy looked at her surroundings the best she could, down at the machine, and back to Claire. But she remained silent.

Claire approached, and pressed a metallic pendant onto Claire's metallic thong. A mechanism in the thong beeped, and a latch unlocked. Claire undid the thong and tossed it to an attendant. Amy breathed sharply as the metal fell off her body, feeling sudden freedom as the air rushed against her.

"How long has it been since the belt went on you? Three months?" Claire traced a line over Amy's belly, downwards to her hips. Amy's eyes widened with uncertainty as Claire's finger moved around her area, across her pelvis, down her inner thigh, back up again.

Claire finally reached up and undid the gag that bound her mouth. Amy's lips remained closed. Strangely, Claire felt no defiance in Amy. It was almost as though...

"Amy... do you want to be punished?"

Amy remained silent, but her eyes signaled assent. Claire gestured to an attendant, who pushed a button. The chains binding Amy clanged to life, and pulleys began to draw the chains into the ceiling and floor. Amy's body was stretched outwards until completely taut. The chains stopped as the sensors detected that Amy's body was stretched to the point where movement was nearly impossible.

Claire moved to the control panel. There was no point in further questions. Claire's eyes met Amy's as she pressed the giant red button, and the metal pedestal underneath Amy whirred to life. 

"Amy, we call this the Rhino. You're going to find why."

Amy looked down, and saw a panel sliding open. A motor roared, and a machine revealed itself, moving itself upwards. A series of telescoping metallic rods protruded upwards. Amy could see that they were tipped with rubber, were gushing a lubricating oil, and were vibrating wildly. It began to rise, slowly, millimeter by millimeter, towards Amy's hips.

Despite Amy's resolve and desire for punishment, she now began to struggle. But the chains held her too tightly, and would not give her more than a centimeter of space to struggle. The horn of the Rhino continued its journey upwards, now passing her ankles, past her taut calves. "Wait," Amy pleaded. 

Claire tsked at her and shook her head. Confession in the impending heat of punishment was never worthwhile. This was mere base panic.

The Rhino's horn passed her knee. Amy looked in muted horror as she realized a smaller horn looked to be sparking with electric charge. "What is that...what is..."

"You will see," Claire assured.

The rhino's horn was now approaching its destination. Amy attempted to pull herself upwards as far from the horn as possible, but to no avail. As the horn finally met flesh, it slowed its ascent and vibration. It began to pump the cool vibrating oil into her cunt, readying its final position. The sensors inside the horn detected that conditions were permissible to proceed; it began to whir again, and slowly push itself inside of her.

Amy wailed thinly as the long rubber contraption began to insert itself into her. After a few seconds, the machine was fully in place, filling her up entirely. Amy looked in astonishment as she saw her body impaled on the machine.

"We're going to start now, Amy," Claire informed banally. 

Amy's mouth opened in an O. "Start wh..."

Her question was cut off as the rhino began its work. It began to thrust slowly in and out of her, gears and pulleys working inexorably. She gasped and gritted her teeth.

Claire could see the device already working at its task. Amy's body was showing the signs of deepening pleasure. A flush crawled across her body. Her eyes were having difficulty retaining focus. Fifteen seconds passed. Thirty. Amy's body tensed, and her back slightly arched. The first orgasm from the Rhino struck her violently and passed quickly, as the machine working.

"What...what..." Amy panted.

"Did you enjoy that, Amy?" Claire asked neutrally. "That's good to hear."

The machine continued its work. Amy's body tensed again as another orgasm ripped through her.

"Another one, so fast?" Claire asked.

Within another few seconds, another orgasm. Amy moaned. 

"Seems like you're getting the hang of this. Let's see what else we can do for you." Claire pressed a smaller button.

Amy now realized what the smaller, electric horn was for. It sensed its way towards Amy's clitoris, and let loose a tiny charge, but enough to send Amy into a flailing, orgasmic scream. "Nooooooooo!" she wailed, over and over.

Claire grabbed Amy's face with her hand. "Really? No? Do you want this to stop?"

Tears welled in Amy's eyes. She weakly shook her head.

"Great," said Claire, as the machine triggered a weaker orgasm in Amy. "You see, the Rhino will automatically adjust to ensure you don't get accustomed to the pleasure levels it is giving you. It will also be sure to avoid triggering too strong sensations that would make you pass out."

Claire took one of Amy's nipples in her thumb and forefinger. "Now dear, I have other prisoners to attend to." 

Claire walked towards the door and smiled back at Amy. "I'll see you in six hours. If everyone holds to schedule."

Amy panicked. "Six hours? Of th...no...wai..." but her pleas turned to a scream as the rhino triggered another shock onto her clitoris. Her body flailed against the chains, saliva slipping down her chin and onto her breasts. Claire stepped out and the metallic door noisily slid shut behind her.

As promised, Claire returned in six hours. As she entered the room, she saw Amy still suspended in the same position, the rhino continuing its work unabated. Amy's head drooped, her eyes still signaling consciousness, a thick sheen of sweat covering her body. Her body jolted with the shock of another orgasm. Amy moaned quietly, hoarsely. Drool spilled from her mouth, her tongue lolling. 

Claire blinked. Why is this familiar? A vague vision of a woman in a tank, suspended in liquid replaced the image of Amy chained. The visions phased back and forth, before it settled back to the factory. Claire shook her head and cleared her throat.

An attendant pressed a button at the control panel. The rhino paused and then began a retreat. Amy trembled as it left her body, a final orgasm pushing through her. The prisoners often reacted this way, the loss of the instrument after so long a treatment often caused strange side effects. Her cunt continued to work as though the instrument was still there, pushing globs of lubricating oil out and dripping onto the retreating rhino. 

The rhino slid down and away, and the panel shut itself. The chains loosened, and after six hours Amy's muscles stood out like steel cords across her body and spasmed periodically. Amy fell to her knees, the chains still holding her arms up. 

Claire took Amy's chin in her hand. "We'll continue with your next session in a moment dear."