 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 90: Trouble

"Glad that's over," Jhul muttered to Caleldir once they left the party behind them and got into her rooms. Then her voice grew more audible as she decided what she wanted to do next. She still sounded tired, though. "Run us a bath, pet. And tell me more about that exchange you had with Hael'yss while you do so."

"Ah, yes, the spider-trainer." Caleldir glanced over at her for a moment, gauging her emotional state. Relieved to be back, mostly. And so, he took a deep breath. "Well, there is not all that much more to tell just yet. Hael'yss had been stalking me at the tables, and when she saw a chance to get at me alone, cornered me in one of those sound-muffling tents. I threatened her that I was on business for you and did not want to be delayed, but she used her spiders to restrain me. I managed to get a hand out of the tent before she pulled me back in, though, and a woman apparently saw it and stepped in. I am afraid that that particular woman was in a disguise, though. Some sort of glamor. After shooing the spider-trainer away, she gave me an antidote to the poison and mentioned that she had been at the party in order to look for allies for... well, you are all drow. It was for some odd plot I am sure. Anyway, best as I can figure, she was investigating if you would be sympathetic to her goals. She recognized me, apparently." All literally true. 

"She was from House Duskhaven, actually, which is undergoing some intense internal struggle, it is said. Anyway, to stop being coy, she sent me to you with a message that House Duskhaven was looking for allies against rogue members of the House, and she would be contacting you later, possibly in person, possibly by relaying messages through me. She thought that you would make a more useful ally than your mother, apparently." Caleldir was a fantastic actor, and so as he told this tale he was effortlessly able to feign exactly the intonation to sell it the way he wanted. "Your thoughts?"

Jhul listened casually. As he did, she began to remove the layers of fancy party clothing. But, as he continued, she grew more attentive to his words. Duskhaven, eh, and they were struggling? And an emissary from such recognized him? A possible deal to be made? All were things to consider very, very carefully.

The drow waited until she was undressed and could slip into the warm, relaxing water before she said anything in response. She needed time to formulate her thoughts and words. "My thoughts," she began slowly. "I have to say, I am interested in what these Duskhavens want with me. But I don't much like the idea of you being the go-between. No. I would want to meet with them personally. Somewhere away from the Academy. It would be safer for the both of us... though perhaps I will not pursue that intrigue for a while. I had enough of that today."

She sighed, sinking down deeper into the water. Her next words came much more casually than she felt. "You said you knew them? How? I had thought you were only here in the Underdark for a little while before you were taken?" 

Caleldir winced. He had meant to imply that Selene recognized him as Jhul'une's servant. But now she had specifically asked about it, he would have to answer honestly. Argh. He could say something like 'I did not say that I knew them, I said that she recognized me. Like with Hael'yss: I believe that she had seen me in company with you on campus.' But though that would all be completely true, it would sabotage later facts.

"Duskhaven sends rangers to the surface," he said. "I met two of those rangers at various points. Got roped into a spat between them. Managed not to be killed by either party. I do not think this particular Duskhaven was the female ranger, but she was in disguise. I would hazard that she recognized me from the surface, and had heard that I was working for you now." That was also true.

"Ah, yes. The Duskhaven rangers. I am aware of them. I recall one being fun at parties until she was estranged." She let out a short sound of amusement, little more than a breath blown more forcefully than usual out of her nose, accompanied by a brief grin. "And the other one's scandal... Talk is, 'ranger' is just another word for 'informally banished.'"

"Given their general behaviors, yeah. Yeah, I can definitely see 'ranger' being pretty much banished," Caleldir agreed with his own wry amusement. Ashyr had been rather on the disgraced side, he had gathered. Tsabdrin as well. "Ashyr and Tsabdrin, I seem to recall those two were named." He kept his tone from being as fond as he felt.

All this time, he had been removing his own clothing until he slid down into the tub water next to her. "But enough intrigue for now. Thinking about Duskhaven and all its problems - more all the time, seemingly - gives me a headache." Completely true. "I will tell you more about them later. For now, I am sure you do not want to be troubled with their drama and how they kept getting me into mortal danger." Killed, in fact. Not that she needed to know that.

Her hand fell to his thigh as he joined her in the tub. "You are right. Stories later. I'd rather focus on... other things." She turned toward him and nipped lightly at his neck. He welcomed her touch as a distraction from further pursuing that line of thought. 

"Other things," he consented. Jhul'une wanted to relieve her stress, and he wanted her pleased with him and thoroughly distracted. Also, he did enjoy having sex with her. And so, their bath got a little steamy, predictably enough.

Once the bath was over, and Jhul's stress from the day was thoroughly relieved, there was only one thing on the drow's mind: sleep. And that was what she did, with Caleldir in the bed next to her as was usual. Though perhaps this night she held him a little bit tighter, a little bit longer. When she did finally drift off, there was actually a small, contented smile on her lips. What followed was one of the most restful slumbers she experienced in a long time.

He fell asleep beside her, noting how happy she seemed with a bit of guilt, wondering what she would do when she found out... he took a longer time to get to sleep

That is, until about an hour before she usually woke up the next cycle. The sound of her front door banging open sent Jhul jolting from her rest. Then there were footsteps marching down the hall. Jhul'une looked ready to blast a fireball through her closed bedroom door and down her own hallway. But the demanding voice of her mother gave her pause. "Jhul'une!" she said, which abruptly altered Jhul's focus. Now, she was fumbling on her robe while trying to simultaneously push Caleldir out of the bed.

Despite, or perhaps because of, his comparative fitful rest, Caleldir woke slightly before that point. Someone was running around like she owned the place, so not an attacker, he guessed. When Jhul'une started to push him out of the bed, Caleldir quickly complied, rolling out and rushing for his designated room. Hopefully, he could make it there before dear old Mother made her way to the room.

Unfortunately, Jhul's bedroom was at the end of the hallway, and Caleldir's at the beginning. By the time Caleldir opened the door to try to go where he was supposed to be, Iiv'lua was already partway down the hall. Upon seeing Caleldir, she made a motion with her hand, and one of the half-dozen or so mage-guards briefly walked in front of her to push the naked pleasure slave back into the room he came from. He paled as much as a drow could, and hardly needed to be pushed back into the room. Drat. He wished there had been an easier way to get back to his room.

Iiv'lua, dressed in a more practical outfit (for her, anyway) then walked through the open door to her daughter's bedroom. By that time, Jhul had barely managed to get to her feet to meet her mother with as much dignity as possible. Which wasn't much. Her robe was barely tied, her eyes were narrow and sleepy, and her hair was an absolute disaster. It would not have mattered quite so much, had there not also been several female mage-guards filing into the room behind her mother.

"What is the meaning of this?" Jhul demanded. She crossed her arms in front of her, pulling her robe around her more tightly. Normally, she didn't care if people saw her naked - but that was only when she was coupling or participating in an orgy. Right here, right now, this was terribly inappropriate and a clear violation of her privacy.

Caleldir scooted a bit behind the already robed Jhul'une, trying not to give all those drow soldiers an eyeful. He narrowed his eyes at the newcomers but stayed silent at first.

"I knew it! You are sleeping with it! I don't know why I had any doubts after your display at the gathering yesterday! When I was so generous as to procure this present for you, I had thought it would teach you how to take control! But he is walking all over you! And now I greatly fear that you have developed-" she let out an utterly disgusted noise, unable to even finish giving words to her awful suspicions. "Guards? Seize him."

As so, three of the women advanced on Caleldir to capture and hold him steady.

"She did take control of me," he said stiffly. "More so than you realize. Just because I managed to prove myself more useful than envisioned does not mean that I am controlling her instead of the opposite." Which was mostly true. That said, he could not exactly resist three drow soldiers. Instead, he just looked towards Jhul'une, seeing if she would order him to flee, or dodge around, or just stand there. He was not going to get her into more trouble by resisting. They would clear this up. He was just a pleasure slave who was more trusted and useful than originally intended.

Even if she believed that Caleldir had proved to be more useful than anticipated, Iiv'lua clearly did not take that as an excuse for their sleeping arrangements. Drow did not sleep together. That was the shortest, easiest way to get backstabbed. 

"No, Mother- he was just-" Jhul began to try to explain. It would all be lies, of course. Caleldir had been sleeping with her for several days without pretense. Before she got the lies out, however, she was interrupted.

"Just what, Jhul'une? I'm your mother. I know when you are about to lie to me."

That caused her daughter to clamp her lips shut. The heat of embarrassment and shame began to rise to her cheeks. How could things go so badly so quickly? She took a deep breath and began to try to rationalize. 

"Alright, alright. So he was sleeping with me. So what? He keeps the bed warm, and I don't have to go very far if I want to fuck in the middle of the rest period. I don't see what's so scandalous about that. But I have no idea what you're talking about developing what, exactly?" She tried to hide her fear with scorn. Jhul had an idea what her mother was talking about, and it wasn't something she'd considered until that moment.

While Jhul argued, she stepped in front of Caleldir to prevent those grubby guards from getting their hands on his naked flesh. He was hers, damn it! But, another hand-signal and the other three guards went after her. Cornered as they were, both Jhul and Caleldir were easily captured. Jhul didn't dare throw magic around, though she looked tempted. Her mother and at least some of those mage-guards were far more powerful and cunning in a fight than she was.

"I think the fact that I did not stab her in the night, because I am not a blithering idiot, is testament to your daughter's good judgment," Caleldir commented dryly, staying behind Jhul'une. "You can at very least trust in my self-preservation instincts." Caleldir had not yet been tamed by anyone (well, maybe one could argue that he had been a bit tamed by Ashyr and Selene), but he was right now feigning as if he had been tamed by Jhul'une. If she gave him any orders, that was. For now, she had not, so he was just going to fuss at the newcomers.

"Be quiet slave, I will not listen to your words when they have so clearly poisoned my daughter's mind. Perhaps I should have gotten a less expensive slave. But I had thought that my daughter could handle better. I was wrong," Iiv'lua retorted.

"Clearly I have to teach you a lesson. This thing is just a sex toy. One does not grow attached to mere toys. You make yourself vulnerable! No daughter of mine will be vulnerable!" She paused for a moment to look towards the guards and address them, "Ladies, bring them." Then her steely gaze was back on her daughter. "I will show you. His cock will be just as hard for every female in this entire tower. Because that is all he is. A hard cock. Nothing to get emotional about."

Caleldir went ashen. No. Not this crap again. "If you wanted nothing more than some length of flesh, I am sure that a dildo of some type would be sufficient. If you wanted just a sex slave, someone much cheaper would have been sufficient. I am far more useful to your House as your daughter's assistant than as nothing more than a bit of pleasure," Caleldir argued. He was unable to keep the worry from his face, though. Iiv'lua was clearly exaggerating about every female, but there was no doubt that she was talking about him being raped in front of Jhul'une. "Think, ma'am. The lesson you intend to teach is not worth the cost of potentially alienating your daughter!"

The Dinoryn Matron ignored Caleldir. Instead, she began to walk back down the hallway of her daughter's apartment. The guards with Caleldir followed after her, and the guards with Jhul brought up the rear. 

"Mother, no!" Jhul said, desperation slipping into her voice enough to make it crack slightly. "Do not do this. You are being-" But daughter cut off her words before she was foolish enough to insult mother. "If you put on a display like this, and this gets out to the general public, you cheapen House Dinoryn. We are not just some spectacle!"

"No. I cheapen his name, a mere slave. Make him a spectacle, so that you may see the error of your thoughts and feelings."

Caleldir very much did not want his name to be cheapened. Even if it was an assumed name, it would be one that Duskhaven should be proud of. He closed his eyes and began concentrating. Now was the time to break the effect of that collar... oh, who was he kidding. All those seals were still active.

Jhul ardently disagreed. But her mother was angry and irrational. She had long ago realized that trying to make her own mother see reason just made things worse for everyone involved. The snarl of hatred began to form on Jhul'une's lips as she and her slave were being led through the portal to the main hall. Her robe was beginning to hang open from the rough treatment, and of course Caleldir was already completely naked. Didn't seem to matter to the irate mother, who was determined to march them through the crowded morning hall. 

Caleldir was made very much aware of being naked for all to see. He drew a sharp breath, and shrunk down a bit, trying to make himself seem smaller. He certainly felt smaller. But that did not stop the humiliation of being a spectacle.

Iiv'lua touched what looked to be a decorative spinning magical device in the center of the main hall of the main tower. It abruptly stopped moving with a shimmer of light rippling once across its surface. 

"This is Matron Iiv'lua speaking. I realize that your studies have been hard, and your stress levels are high. So I extend this temporary holiday, and invite all females down to the main lecture room if they desire to enjoy a very pretty male." Her words echoed across the halls and turned the attention of every student nearby. It was clear that everyone on campus heard the announcement.

Caleldir went still as a statue. Fuck. She had not been exaggerating. All females. He looked out over the crowded room, fearful to see how many of the students might be interested.

Jhul said nothing to him, gave him no orders. She didn't trust her voice not to betray her anymore. This was a terrible, horrible nightmare. She didn't want to be here. She wanted to grab her slave and disappear the both of them to some faraway land where her mother couldn't find her. But she also had a duty to her house. Lessen the damage dealt now. Repair what she could later. Plot her revenge. Things would only be more difficult if she raged against this more than she already had, or shown how her affections had grown towards her slave. Otherwise, she would have told him to run. Perhaps comfort him. Lolth, she wanted to say something. Instead, she grit her teeth and watched her poor pet recoil under the humiliation he faced and would soon face.

After the announcement, the party was led toward the back of the hall where there were some grand doors that led into the main lecture hall. It was empty until Iiv'lua, Caleldir, Jhul'une, and the mage-guards entered. Already following behind them were some of the female students that were nearest the group during the announcement. Some were already joking and laughing with each other. The laughter had the definite undertone of cruelty. No big surprise there, the drow being who they were.

Iiv'lua entered the lecture hall and led her entourage straight down to the main stage-like area. There was a table set up in the center there in addition to a chair that was placed nearby. Both pieces of furniture had restraints attached to them. The mage-guard knew what to do, and wrestled Caleldir onto the table and Jhul onto the chair.

"Mother, this is insanity!" Jhul hissed. "You must see that this hurts my reputation far more than this is worth!"

By the Prime, they were going to gang-rape him while Jhul'une was made to watch. Even though he knew on some level that that was the plan, another surge of anger came when he actually saw it. 

It did him little good, though. He was being wrestled into position before he could do much. He was in solid agreement with Jhul'une on this matter, but if the matron ignored her daughter and heir, then she was not about to listen to him. So, he said nothing. A sort of numbness came over him as he began to face the realization that there was no way out of this.

The words were ignored. The matron of Dinoryn turned to the students that were slowly trickling in. "Greetings, early-comers." This was said with a suggestive grin. "Welcome to day two of the festivities. As you see, I have quite the male for you all to enjoy. One at a time, now, and you may only climax once while using him, at least initially. You all have permission to breed if you can manage it. He is the best stock, I can assure you. Spread the word to your fellow students."

Caleldir's frame tensed up again. Wait. Breed him? Were some of the students actually going to take her up on that? The best stock? The woman had no clue. As part of his polymorph to drow, his children fertilized in this form would appear to be phenotypically pure drow, but they would be far more than that. Also, it would be obvious within five years that the father of any of his children was not an ordinary drow, as they would age much faster to adulthood. At the rate of humans, in fact. To say nothing of the mythic nature of his ancestry, which seemed likely to manifest much more strongly in his children than it had so far in him. He could not allow this to happen. He had to fight it.
