 "Bring in the latest to be sentenced!" a voice boomed from the chamber ahead.

Amy's head drooped, casting a dim shadow on the cold, stone floor. Behind her, an armored guard prodded her with the butt of his spear, leading her to stumble. The guard roughly grabbed her by her ragged cloth robe and dragged her into the room.

The sentencing chamber was a small, sparsely furnished room, lit by a ring of torches. Seated at the center of the room was a bearded, elderly man in a judge's robe, his eyes turned towards a scroll in front of him. An imposing desk, taking up nearly half the room, stood between him and her. The guard pushed Amy to her knees and then strode to the back of the room, his armor clanging noisily.

"You have been convicted of deep crimes against the church and its sanctity," the judge murmured, not looking up from the scroll. "You have offered no defense for yourself, but repentance is still possible."

He looked up at her, his gaze piercing. "Recite your crimes."

Amy could hardly bear his accusing gaze. "I..."

"Do it."

"Wantonness," she said shakily. "Harlotry. Polluting sacred ground with my carnality."

"Indeed," he murmured. "We have a final test for ones such as you, to determine your sentence. Stand."

As she rose, she could see the room had changed. It was now surrounded by mirrors, but they only reflected her; the judge nor the desk were caught in the reflection. "What...?" she stammered.

The judge cut her off by gesturing to the guard. In one stride his hands were upon her. Before she knew what was happening, he had ripped the robe off her body. She saw her nakedness reflected all around her at every angle, the first time in years she had seen the fullness of her body. She was pleased to see herself again, and slightly smiled unwittingly.

The judge hissed. "Narcissism."

Forlorn, Amy realized she failed the test. She attempted to back away from the judge, shielding her nudity with her hands, one between her legs, one over her breasts. The guard behind her pushed her to back to the middle of the room.

"Tell me, have you ever pleasured yourself while looking at your reflection?"

Amy looked down. "Yes."

The judge tsked. Amy looked up, and the reflections in the mirrors had changed. They were moving of their own accord. It was still Amy, nude, but she was pleasuring herself in myriad ways. In one reflection she was on her knees, her hands reaching down to furiously rub herself. In another, she was straddling the edge of a table. In another she was inserting a wooden phallus into herself. Amy could not draw her eyes away. 

She then heard wet sounds from the middle of the room. The desk had vanished, and kneeling in front of the judge was a woman. Though Amy could not clearly see, the woman's head was bobbing up and down in front of the judge's waist, slurping noisily at his body. The judge's eyes did not leave Amy as she continued her work, her head moving faster and faster. The woman released herself suddenly as the judge's eyes flinched. He had came, Amy realized.

The apparition stood slowly, in an almost unearthly way. As it turned, Amy gasped as she realized it was her, but not her. The woman's body was covered in tattoos that seemed to shift and burn by themselves. Her nails were a sharp red. Small horns protruded from her forehead. A demon.

The demoness raised a hand, and Amy's body became paralyzed, her arms splayed. With a curled finger, Amy floated helplessly towards the judge and demon, unable to cry out.

As Amy's body floated a foot from the demon, the demon took her hand and placed it between Amy's legs. A finger slithered into her womanhood, unlike any finger she had known. "Wet and dripping," the demon said, in a voice that was Amy's but yet not.

The judge sighed in deep resignation. "Were you simply aroused at the sight of yourself performing carnal acts? Or did you want to do it yourself, even in your current situation?"

The judge drew himself up. "You stand condemned. Custody of your soul is handed to Asmodea."

The demon's tattoos glowed with a bright fire, and Amy felt a ray of sensation burst through her body from its finger. Amy's body shook as a cauldron of pleasure and fear overcame her. 

The ground underneath Amy melted away, revealing a fiery orange portal. Asmodea withdrew her finger, and flicked her juices into the portal. The flames within flared, and Amy felt herself falling. The judge's room fell away, and Amy tumbled, downwards, downwards, into a spinning tube of flame, stretching endlessly out beneath her. 

And then suddenly she was dumped onto land again, or what seemed like it. The ground underneath her was mushy, gray; cushion-like with the appearance of mud. She looked out to the horizon, to a flat, formless land. Overhead the sky smoldered with a dull orange-gray, but without a single cloud.

Gingerly, she stood. Looking down, her body was whole. To check her sanity, she ran her hands over her face, her neck, down her breasts. She felt a strange tingle, sensations as she was unused to. She gasped slightly. "What...where..."

"Where are you?" a presence behind her spoke. It was Asmodea. "Where do you think you are?"

Amy gulped. "I...I..."

"Hell?" Asmodea chuckled, completing her thought. "Hmm..." Asmodea circled Amy, leaving her in suspense. She traced a finger around Amy's waist, tracing the curves of her buttocks, down around her pubis.

"We are in a place of your own creation," Asmodea said. "This realm is yours to to express your desires."

Amy raised an eyebrow, confused.

Asmodea tsked. "You don't understand? Let us demonstrate." The demon faded out of existence, then reappeared behind Amy. In one gesture, she sucked on Amy's neck and pulled deeply at her nipple. Amy yelped, her eyes shutting, and thoughts rose unbidden to her head from the sudden arousal. 

Amy's eyes opened; in front of her was a man seven foot tall, muscled like a statue, naked and oiled. His long member began to rise slowly in front of her. 

"Who is...who is he?" Amy stammered, flushed.

Asmodea laughed wickedly. "He is yours. You thought him up just now. Enjoy him." Asmodea pushed Amy towards the man. Amy stumbled, and he grabbed both of her arms in a single hand, pulling her up so her head was facing his member. Without prompting, Amy open her mouth and took him inside her. He began to thrust noisily into her mouth as she sucked on him.

Asmodea chuckled, kneeling next to her. "You like it rough, I see? Perhaps up there you never got it this way?" Amy's eyes darted to Asmodea, and Amy knew she was telling the truth. "Well, continue on my dear," Asmodea urged. "Use him as you like."

The man pulled upwards on her arms, lifting her high, high above his head. Amy spread her legs, and she descended onto him, impaling herself on his manhood. She shuddered noisily as he did.

The man gripped her waist, and began to pound her body against his. Her body flailed and she shrieked in pleasure with every hard impact against him. 

After what seemed like several minutes of pounding, Asmodea spoke. "He won't tire, you know. And neither will you." Amy realized she was right. She felt no soreness or pain. She grinned and let her body go limp, allowing the pounding to continue. 

After what seemed like several hours, Amy looked to Asmodea. "Are you finished?" she asked, without impatience. "You are in charge," she reminded her.

Amy looked to the man. His pace increased, more and more, until their bodies were a blur. And then he came. The force of his orgasm launched her off of his body, his cum streaming out of her and new jets pouring over her body. She came in mid-air, blown back several feet. As she hit the ground she was still orgasming, her body writhing as if she was jolted by lightning.

Asmodea stood over her. Amy's body was still spasming, her womanhood expelling his seed as he did. "Interesting," Asmodea said. "Your tastes are...unconventional."

Amy bathed in her own pleasure, her hands massaging the warrior's semen onto her own body until she was coated in a white sheen. "Why...why have you given me this power?"

Asmodea chuckled knowingly. "What would you like next, love?" She stretched out a finger, and a red bolt of lightning arced, striking Amy's nipples and clitoris. Amy gasped.

Amy blinked, and she was now dressed in a long, unflattering black robe. She was being led through what appeared to be a castle hallway, except there was no roof, nor floor; the dull orange sky from before still appeared along with the mushy gray ground. An elegantly dressed woman led her by her hand, motioning for her to be quiet. They ended up in a large stone room, an illustriously decorated bedroom.

A man sat looking away from them, a heavy crown on his head. He looked to the elegantly dressed woman first, then down to Amy's cloaked face.

"My queen, who have you brought me tonight?"

The woman behind her laughed airily. "Your highness, I bring you the Princess of Displacia." The queen placed the shoulders of Amy's gown between her thumbs and pointer fingers, and lifted up gingerly. The gown fell away, revealing Amy's body, naked aside from a thin diamond belt.

The queen kissed Amy's neck, leading her to moan. "I spoke to the princess over wine, and she seemed quite convinced by our proposal, my love."

The king rose, grinning mightly. "Indeed." He took a step towards Amy. "To a long, and just peace between our nations, my princess."

Amy blinked. She was now on the bed, on all fours. The king's mighty hands were on her waist, and he was thrusting into her from behind. She moaned like a common harlot.

In front of her, lounging on a couch, was the queen, naked as well. She was masturbating with deliberation, her breath focused but uneven, her eyes fixed on Amy.

Amy rutted backwards on the king with force, and he met her energy. She could smell their juices as the scents swirled overhead. Amy looked about, and found what she was looking for, a mirror. She laughed airily at the glorious sight of herself being plowed from behind. She lifted her body upwards, wrapping her arms backwards around her shoulders, her eyes admiring the view of her breasts bouncing with every thrust.

"Hmm..." a foreign voice said. Amy knew it was Asmodea, and did not bother to search for her. "You do enjoy yourself, do you not?"

Amy looked down to the queen. The queen had changed. It was now Amy lying on the couch, masturbating, watching herself. As the two locked eyes, all three came in unison. Amy moaned loudly as the seed poured into her, rutting backwards, drawing out their pleasure. She collapsed on the bed.

Amy opened her eyes. The castle was gone; the formless, gray land stretched out again before her. She rose shakily, biting her lip. She couldn't tell, but it almost felt as though that climax had been less pleasurable than the first. But she wanted more.

Without prompting from Asmodea, Amy let her thoughts flow.

Amy was in a desert land, a heavy black robe covering her body. She could feel a heavy veil across her head, only a narrow slit provided for her eyes. Her body was coated with a thick sheen of sweat that made her robe stick to her body.

She was led in a procession through a throng of onlookers in a busy marketplace. She felt something sharp jabbed her in her back; she stumbled up a staircase towards large dais, with expensive carpets, pots, and jewelry laid out delicately. Another jab in her back, and Amy felt herself pushed forward again. 

She was now standing in front of a crowd of what looked like hundreds. They were looking at her, pointing, chattering with interest. 

She felt cold metal slide across her ankles, pinning her feet to the ground. Amy's arms were then pulled to the side by a set of hands. Amy looked to her right and left. Two women, with dark hair and olive skin, stood beside her, pulling her arms out. Through her eye slit, Amy could see they had delicate silk veils covering their mouths, but no clothing above their waists. Their breasts stood out prominently.

A voice boomed out in a strange language, a barking command. Amy felt someone behind her tug roughly at her robe. It ripped loudly, starting to tear across a dozen intricate seams. Slowly her neck was exposed, then her left breast. The crowd hooted.

Another pull, and the robe tore off her right breast, down to her midriff. Another sharp pull, and the robe pulled off her legs. Amy could feel the hot wind on her body, and knew she was naked aside from some jewelry coiled around her ankles and wrists. The crowd roared at the sight. Amy's body began to spin and wetten, aroused at her own exposure. Then finally a tug at the fabric on her face, leaving her totally exposed to the crowd. 

A man behind her yelled, and the crowd responded, shouting and waving heavy purses full of coins. Are they going to purchase me? Amy thought. She bit her lip, looking at the aroused crowd of men before her. The women beside her; her guards, or assistants to the merchant, smirked at her knowingly. They were dressed elaborately, in metal thongs and boots; slaves themselves perhaps.

One took up a position behind Amy, wrapping her arms around Amy's body, massaging her breasts. The other kissed her way down Amy's body, until she was kissing at her newly shaved womanhood. Amy gasped, and the crowd roared in approval. Amy felt a tongue slip inside her wetness as fingers pulled at her nipples and a mouth bit her neck. She moaned loudly and wildly, attempting to be heard among the crowd.

And then she came. Her climax ended suddenly, sending a brief shudder through her body, but nothing as what had come before. Amy's face fell into confusion. Perhaps it was just a fluke. They're not all amazing... 

Amy watched as a man rose out of the crowd and up the stairs, tossing a heavy coinpurse at the merchant. He drew his pants down, revealing his long member, already erect. He took a position behind Amy, excitedly pushing her body forward so she was on all fours. He entered her easily, pushing up deep inside her. She writhed melodramatically, putting on a show for the crowd in front of her. Her first buyer thrust with precision, hitting the right spots inside her, driving her pleasure forward.

His pace quickened, and Amy could feel a climax coming upon both of them. She rutted backwards, exerting herself. The man roared and she felt fluid pouring into her. She came as well...barely half the climax she had before. 

Something is wrong, she thought. Before she could think further, another buyer had positioned himself behind her and thrust into her. This new buyer's pace again quickened, much the same as the previous. His fingernails dug into her; she leaned back and kissed him deeply, showing her breasts to the crowd. They roared approvingly, which she enjoyed.

He now thrust upward into her, faster and faster. She reached down, rubbing herself as she felt his seed spilling into her. 

Where his climax was a shout, her pleasure was a whisper. She began to panic. What is happening to me?

Two men now rose onto the dais. One positioned himself in front of her, the other behind. They began to thrust into her roughly, her mouth sucking noisily as her buttocks struck against the other man's thighs. This has to work, she thought with a certain confidence. She moaned and clenched, attempting to draw out her own pleasure. 

They both came at the same time, and she swallowed hungrily. A few moments later, they withdrew. It took some time for Amy to realize she had hardly climaxed at all.

"No..." she cried, breathless. "Asmodea...what is happening to me?"

One of the topless armored guards knelt in front of her, as if summoned. Her face smelled of Amy's juices.

"What's the matter, my love?" she said in Asmodea's voice, laughing in what was almost a delicious cackle.

"This is not what I want!" Amy cried, as another buyer thrust himself into her.

"Hmm," Asmodea said mockingly. "Let's try something, I'm sure this will work." Asmodea peeled the metallic thong off of her body, leaning over as she did, giving the crowd a good show.

Asmodea then slid herself into a position under Amy's body, so Amy's face was above Asmodea's privates. Amy gulped hesitantly.

"What's the matter my dear?" Asmodea mocked. "Is this your first time pleasuring a woman?" 

It was, but Amy was willing to try anything. She sunk her head into Asmodea's thighs, licking at her wetness. Asmodea cooed, and returned the favor. Their two bodies rocked together, mouths locked to the other's cunts. Amy felt Asmodea's legs gripping her head, pulling her in further. Amy returned the favor, feeling her own pleasure building in her stomach. 

Asmodea moaned into Amy's cunt as she came, her juices flowing freely out of her onto Amy's face. Amy was silent for a moment, then screamed. In frustration. 

She pulled her head out from between Asmodea's legs. "Enough! Enough of this!" she screamed, her unsatisfied body shaking. She rolled on her side, trembling.

Asmodea stood and chuckled. "Very well," she said, snapping a finger.

They were back in the gray world, the crowd dissipated. Amy rubbed frantically between her legs, seeing if she could bring herself to orgasm outside her fantasy. She panted as her pleasure grew; her hips rose and she inserted a finger in herself from underneath. And then...nothing. She moaned and clutched her arms to her sweating body.

"Why...why... You said I was in control of this place! What have you done to me!"

"I said this is a place of your own making, my dear," Asmodea leaned down over her. She waved her hand and produced a long, dark phallic object that seemed to hum and glow. The phallus took flight from her hand, and floated towards Amy with deliberation. Against her will, Amy felt her arms pinned down to the ground, and her legs were pulled into the air. 

A form then manifested behind the phallus, dark, tall and humanoid; as though the pale light did not cast itself on his skin. Dark arms gripped her body, and the phallus inserted itself into her. She moaned in muted complaint, her tortured mind accepting any pleasure, however small. 

A dark shape appeared over her face. Similar to the dark shape of the man thrusting into her, but a woman, legs hovering over her face, the familiar wetness descending onto her mouth. She licked at it willingly. The man thrusting into her came without sound, but she could feel his pleasure radiate into her body. Her own pleasure was immediately silenced; she felt almost nothing.

In the corner of her eyes she could dark shapes appearing to either side, both male and female. The ground underneath her softened, and she realized that she was now lying on a mass of these shadowy human figures. Dozens of hands and limbs began to grope at her body. Part of her felt terror, a smaller part arousal, but the greatest of her felt mere surrender. She didn't resist in the slightest.

The woman riding her face climaxed, and released her. Amy felt herself being pulled down into a spiraling vortex of bodies, noiselessly reaching for her. Small slivers of light penetrated through the web of bodies, conjoined in their own sexual congress or preparing to use her. She felt male members and female fingers penetrate her, again and again, and she accepted it without complaint. The most distinct thing was the smell of male and female sexual juices mixing, spread on the skin of what must of been hundreds or thousands of these demons.

Amy now felt nothing at all; she thought about how silly she must look, smeared in gallons of seed and juice, but those thoughts about self were fleeting. She felt time, so much time, pass by, being fucked and pleasuring these demons in turn.

"I deserve this," she managed to whisper to herself.

Amy opened her eyes, and she was free, kneeling. She gagged as male seed poured into her mouth, dribbling off her tongue.
