 Amy stood, herself again. The world around them was turning green. Trees sprouted across the horizon, vines stretching between them. Sunlight poured out across the sky, which rapidly turned blue and clear. A mountain pushed up behind them and a waterfall burst from its peak, sending cool mist across their bodies.

James nodded. She absurdly realized they were both naked, before remembering what they had both just done. "I... I..." She stood up and paced. "This is...what we..."

James took her shoulders in his hands. "Amy, Juzhi convinced me too. She even told me that you had volunteered. That the simulation was healing you, helping you forget what you had done. But..." He had a look of disappointment in himself. "Juzhi trapped me. I became addicted to the simulation, to the sensations. To the...to the power."

Amy looked deeply into his eyes. "I... thank you, James. This is all my fault, I...I never should have come to Juzhi, I just..." She swallowed tears. "This is all my fault. Thank you."

"Enough," James said. "I'm not the person you should thank."

Amy looked puzzled at him, and he pointed behind her. A lake was now spread out in front of the mountain. From it, a figure emerged, dripping water, sunlight beaming colors off her body. She had the shape of the demon Asmodea that had tortured her, but...

"Amy, my name is Claire. I'm a friend of Jason's." Claire was beautiful, standing proud, without any shame. "I'm sorry for what we put you through. The only way to free ourselves from the simulation was to confront our fears, the reasons why we became trapped."

She drew Amy into an embrace, and memories suddenly sprang into Amy's head. Pleasuring Asmodea's body with her mouth. Claire as the jailer, dressed in fishnets and corset, activating beautiful machines to pleasure and punish her body. Amy felt herself becoming aroused as the memories flooded her. 

"I understand. But what now?" Amy asked idly but suggestively rubbing a hand down Claire's back. 

"We can leave at any time," James said. "Juzhi has undoubtedly noticed that we have freed ourselves from the simulation, and will pull the plug."

"But we are in control until then," Claire said, reading Amy's thoughts.

Amy looked mischievously at Claire. "James, I think we both need to thank Claire for her work."

She kissed Claire deeply. Claire looked surprised for a moment, feeling Amy's true sexual being expressed on her. She then moaned in approval, pushing Amy's fingers up her cunt. 

Moments later, Claire and Amy were locked in a scissoring position at the base of the waterfall, humping each other with abandon. They both came loudly, continuing to pound at each other until their orgasms subsided.

James was watching, standing over them in amazement, his cock fully erect. They looked to him, grinning. 

"Allow me," Amy said. "I should thank him as well." She snapped her finger, and there were now two of Amy. The two sauntered over to James, kneeling in front of him. One stroked him as the other sucked loudly on him. They took turns, eyeing Jason naughtily as they did. James was struck by the free Amy as well, her lustful abandon and seductiveness. 

James withdrew his mouth and the two Amys knelt expectantly, their mouths open, their hands on their knees. He jerked himself, and Claire watched as jets of semen poured out of his cock onto Amy's faces and breasts. Claire remembered that first hour in Juzhi's lab, Jason's naked body, his cock at full attention. She wanted it.

Amy was one again. She looked back to Claire, and beckoned to her with a finger. She led Amy into the lake, its warmth bubbling into their bodies. She then gestured for James to follow, and he waded in slowly as Claire and Amy kissed and fondled each other. 

Amy guided James's cock into Claire, with Claire wrapping her legs around his waist. She began to ride him, the water splashing as she did. From behind, Amy caressed Claire's breasts, kissing her neck, occasionally reaching over to kiss Jason.

The trio began to sink into the water, if it could be called that. It was as light as air, providing no resistance to their fucking. Claire let body sink back, allowing Jason to thrust into her deeply. Amy swam, or glided over, and began to rub Claire's clitoris. Claire's gaze locked onto Amy as she came, her pleasure manifesting in beams of light that refracted across the water.

Claire pulled Amy's legs towards her, and inserted her tongue into Amy's cunt; she could taste her own juices from their scissoring. Amy moaned and positioned herself so she could kiss Jason and continue to rub Claire's cunt. The three glided through the water, locked in a triangular position. Their bodies began to heave as climaxes started to build in their bodies.

Claire began to see the water changing, from a clear blue, it was now becoming purple. And thicker.

Claire could feel Jason and Amy's orgasms approaching with her own. She cried out, muffled by Amy's body.

And then she opened her eyes. The lake was gone. She in Juzhi's lab, frozen in place by the gel. She quaked as an orgasm approached, feeling visceral, realer than any she had experience in the simulation.

Then her tube opened noisily with a hiss of air as the vacuum was broken. The glass door began to swing open. For a second her gel was held in place by its own chemical properties, behaving as a solid. Then the gel broke, and the liquid surrounding her fell forward onto the laboratory floor. 

She was carried forward by the force of the gel, and flopped noisily and wetly onto the cold metal floor. The sudden sensation of air hit her, but she scarcely had time to get used to it, as many things happened. Another body crumpled on top of her, then rolled off limply.

It was Amy, gel coating her naked body and hair. Claire could see that an orgasm was filling Amy's body, paralyzing her as well. They stared at each other, mouths open in sharp breaths, eyes agape and pupils dilated.

Claire forced herself to take Amy's hand as they both came. They screamed soundlessly. Gel spurted from their cunts as they spasmed, splashing at their feet. Their bodies shook and clenched alternatingly, as though being electrified.

Distantly, Claire heard the last tube open. James's body fell forward onto his knees. He immediately began to orgasm, sending jets of semen onto the women's writhing bodies and faces.

Finally, after what must have been minutes, their bodies calmed. Claire blinked heavily, attempting to remove the film of gel and semen from her eyes. She looked to Amy, who was breathing as though panicked. Claire embraced her body from behind, holding it tightly, trying to comfort her. "Shhh..." she said, barely able to make a sound herself. Amy was in there much longer than me. It's going to take longer for her to re-acclimatize. 

Claire heard hydraulic doors hiss open. Juzhi stepped in. She was looking intently at a notepad, barely paying any attention to her three test subjects.

She cleared her throat. "On a scale of 1 to 10, how realistic would you say the simulations were?"

Claire coughed, the sound of a real human grating against her ears, let alone Juzhi's. "Fuck off," she rasped. "We won."

Juzhi looked to Claire. "Did you?"

Claire's eyes narrowed. She wanted to respond, but a small orgasm suddenly hit Amy's body. Claire gasped as her body responded in kind. More gel spurted from their cunts, and Claire gripped Amy's body protectively.

"Fascinating," Juzhi said with scientific neutrality. "Empathetic pleasure response continues after extraction." Claire wanted to respond but the orgasm robbed her of any response. Juzhi continued. "Each of you went into the simulation with complexes that trapped you." 

She looked to Jason, who was sitting back heavily, his eyes closed. He grunted as he came again, a spurt of semen hitting Claire's shoulder and Amy's cheek. "A man tortured by his feeling of inadequacy after betrayal."

She looked to Amy. "A woman haunted by her misuse of sexual power, and destruction of another's life." Amy shuddered and shivered.

She looked to Claire. "A woman who was torn apart by a fear of actually confronting her own sexuality." Claire bit her lip as a miniature wave of pleasure rocked her. 

"All of you were trapped, but freed yourselves. You confronted your demons and destroyed them."

Claire snarled quietly. "Yes, you weren't expecting that, were you?"

Juzhi raised an eyebrow. "No, my dear. But, I very much was hoping for that."

Claire had no response. Juzhi continued.

"Imagine, virtual reality as a therapeutic mechanism. Not as a way to poison the soul, but as a way for patients to face their illnesses and destroy them. Imagine it!"

Claire laughed poisonously. "You nearly destroyed us. Do you really want us to believe that you were trying to help us?"

Juzhi looked down, an expression of hurt on her face. "I never wished to hurt you. I had every faith in your ability to succeed. And look at you." 

Claire narrowed her eyes at Juzhi. Amy had still not spoken, but was starting to grind her buttocks into Claire's pelvis. "What do you mean?" Claire asked.

"Here you are, in front of me, nude and shameless. In front of James, even," she said, gesturing to him.

Claire had no response. She knew Juzhi was right. She felt zero shame or concern at being seen, even as Amy drew Claire's hands towards Amy's cunt.

Claire cleared her throat. "What is wrong with her?" 

Juzhi looked to Amy. "Side effects from the treatment. Hyper-sexual sensitivity sometimes occurs after release from the simulation."

Amy slid Claire's finger into her cunt. "Claire..." she whispered. Claire felt the realness of her body for the first time.

Juzhi continued. "It will pass in an hour or so. Until then, you can tend to her as you...see fit." Juzhi almost smiled.

Amy turned and looked pleadingly at Claire. Claire nodded, smiling weakly. Juzhi turned away as Claire kissed her, inserting another finger into Amy. 

Juzhi began walking away. "Your clothes are arranged near the showers, and a car is waiting to take you back to your..."

She would have continued speaking, but Amy moaned loudly. Juzhi looked back and saw Amy sprawled on her back, Claire's head between her thighs. Amy was grinding her body against the gel-soaked floor, luxuriating in it.

Juzhi nodded, and turned, leaving the door open behind her.