 Faith sat at her computer, staring at the chat room in a somewhat dazed state.

Drew dumped her, why would he do that? They were going to get married at the end of the month, maybe it was cold feet and he would come back to her, maybe he just wanted to see if she would wonder away from him emotionally. She didn't know, so she did the only thing she could, and watched him talking it up in a chat room. He of course had no idea it was her, she did after all, want to see what he talked about when she wasn't there.

That was the stunning part. He told everyone in that chat room she was a lazy bitch, couldn't cook, and worst of all he said she had a gaping gash for a pussy!

She knew he wasn't just talking to get attention, he was on his web-cam and had displayed great pleasure to show off that he was getting blown at that very minute by a woman with watermelons for tits.

Faith hung her head as yet another stab at her came across the screen. She couldn't help but let the tears flow. Her torrent of tears was squelched though when the little "bing" went off. She looked up, hoping it was Drew, but it wasn't, as a matter of fact, it wasn't anyone she knew. Magic Dragon was the name. Faith wiped her tears and read the whisper.

"Your crying, sad, terribly sad, can I somehow help you feel better? I know your crying, please don't, he isn't worth it."

She blinked a few times, who was this?!

Her fingers sought out the keys as her mind began to fog over. "Who are you?"

She waited, patiently for a response.

"Just someone who knows what your going through. Talk in a private room? So we can web-cam?"

"But I don't know you, I don't do those sort of things." She sat back wondering why she was so excited at the prospect of talking to a strange man over the web-cam.

"I cannot touch you, you don't need to go on cam, but you can see me. Come on, you have always wanted to have something exciting happen to you, this is it love."

She chewed her thumb nail, who was this person that knew exactly what she was doing and thinking? "Ok, but I wont come on...."

"Its alright. Click the link." A chat room link came up called 'Magic Meetings'.

She typed in her first statement, ever so curious of this man and all her curiosity did was grow with every letter she typed. "Are you a Wiccan or something?"

The screen blinked and Faith's breath caught. He was gorgeous! His face was oval shaped, wide and long eyes were of the purest crystal blue, his hair was chalk white and he had fair skin. He was so pretty she thought at first he was a girl as he had thick dark lashes and his hair was very long. Then he spoke, his voice was deep, not so deep he rumbled but it was deep, like only a man could have, not a voice altering program. 

"See, not so bad now was it?" His grin was roguish, his long semi full lips were so very kissable.

She shook her head, she was the farthest from a wanton woman anyone could be, yet all she could think of was what did his body look like? He was wearing a baggy eggshell colored shirt that reminded her of the old pirate movies her mother used to watch. He looked lean...his voice broke her from her contemplative state.

"You could say I'm a bit Pagan but not Wiccan. I don't follow any sort of god or goddess, I'm just a heathen." he chuckled like he knew the personal joke.

She blinked again, shaking her head. He knew what she was thinking, how did he do that?

"Look, Faith, you have to believe in magic to understand me, but I know a way I can help you to believe, want to trust me?"

Her heart beat fast, faster then it should for the situation. 

Her fingers betrayed her, again not something she expected. "How can I not trust you?"

The image of the extremely handsome and beautiful man grinned almost devilishly. "Good, close your eyes and just listen to my voice." 

She typed "ok" and closed her eyes.

His voice lowered, like to a near whisper. "when I come to you, I'm going to lavish your entire body, from the tip of your nose to the smallest of your toes with soft kisses and ever the tiniest of nibbles. When you cant stand any more of this ill make sure you withstand the lavishing my tongue will give that fantastic figure your hiding under those baggy clothes. When I reach those full lips I intend to whisper your name as I press my lips to yours, once there I am going to explore every single luscious corner of your mouth as I press the head of my cock to your full hairless wonderfully sweet pussy lips." 

Faith couldn't help but to touch herself, his voice, it was intoxicating! Her fingers pressed her clit, trying to relieve the tingle she had there. Had she not chosen, along with Drew, to remain virgins until their wedding night, she would know what it felt like to have all this done to her, but for now all she could do was imagine. Her finger tip started rolling tiny circles over her now very swollen clit as he continued.

"Once I feel the moist kiss of your honey like juices I'll slowly slip inside you. Your a virgin, it will hurt just a bit, but I can make that go away fast." 

Her finger dipped into her now dripping pussy, her skin was afire and he hadn't even gotten to the good part yet!

The pause was too long, Faith opened her eyes and looked at him, he had his head tilted as if he was watching her, this unnerved her a bit and she placed her fingers on the keys, desperate to have him continue. "I'm here, please..continue, your voice is wonderful."

The astounding face on her monitor grinned softly at her, and he traced a single long slender finger down the screen, as if it were really her face. He was so strange, and frightening, but also so fucking sexy she couldn't help but wish he really was touching her.

"My first stroke wont go in deeply, I'll only put my head in, a little at a time, spreading you slightly each time, this will make it much easier on you when I do finally slide my shaft deep into your very wet pussy. Like I said, it will hurt, but as I stroke inside you, your muscle will accept that it is now to take a cock, and it will like it. I'll continue to stroke inside you until you cum, but while I do this, I'll make sure not to let that luscious mouth go unattended. I will continue to kiss you, stroke your ass and legs with my hands, your body, undulating under me will fuel our fire. When you climax I will push myself all the way into you, making you accept my cock all the way to my ball's. Does that feel good?"

Veighn watched the girl masturbate, she was ready now to accept a man, all he had to do was walk in and take her, as he was already there. The white wall of her patio made a perfectly neutral backdrop for him to film.

Veighn had been watching her this whole time, reading her mind as he egged her on to her first orgasm of the evening.

She did not even register that he had asked her if what she was doing felt good, as her whole body was now writhing in her chair, twisting and twitching, her hand feverishly stroking her clit and lips, the one finger diving in and out of her sopping wet pussy.

Veighn purred to her, so she wouldn't stop what she was doing while he popped the lock with his telekinesis, his voice telling her how to wiggle those lovely long nailed fingers on and in herself to achieve the maximum height of pleasure, and wetness for him to use.

He slipped inside, and set the notebook down on her dresser, his voice now coming from behind her, still egging her on. He tapped her clit with his mind, sending her into a massive orgasm that had her curled in the chair, her knees drawn up to her chest, arms pinned between her shivering legs as her head was back.

Veighn's finger ran down her cheek and her eyes shot open with surprise, but she was still in the throws of an intense orgasm. She made no complaint when he picked her up and moved her to the bed, as he walked his pants came undone, and he just stepped out of them. 

Veighn laid her on the bed and pulled his shirt off, then he laid on top of her, not stopping her shaking in the slightest as he gave her no time between sensations. His mouth claimed hers, his tongue explored every single tooth, every side of her tongue, as he positioned himself between her legs. She gasped into his kiss as the head of his swollen cock parted her lips.

Veighn cupped her ass in both his hands, still sliding his body slightly over hers, making sure their heat shared and the sensations did not start to fade. One thrust and he was a liar, which he already knew of course. She screamed into his mouth as her pussy was suddenly spread to its full extent. He was a bit larger then she was, so the pain was sharp and throbbing. 

Using his grip on her ass cheeks he moved her along with him. Soon she was back to rolling and coming. He shoved his hips forward, pressing his balls against her ass as hard as he could. Her mouth opened wider and she threw her head back, breaking their kiss as she cried out. He hitched his hips down, and flexed his cock inside her, very effectively creating an intense reaction from the lovely tiny woman. Once she started her descent from that orgasm he moved her, never leaving her pussy he rolled her over, moving her left leg over his head to do so. She looked confused, but couldn't protest. Veighn pressed her body into the bed, stroking long and slow on his retreat, slamming all the way in swiftly when he returned to her depths. Very soon she had her ass pushing on his pelvis, trying to get him deeper, faster. Veighn sat back, raising to a kneel he gripped her hips and fucked her hard and fast until she reached the peek again.

He whispered to her. "I'm going to make you all mine tonight." 

His thumbs spread her ass cheeks, on one stroke he pulled free and with the same rhythm stroked back into body, the tiny hitch he did with his cock aligned him perfectly to her tiny puckered ass hole. Faith screamed into the pillow her head was resting on, the pain was horrific, but not for long as Veighn entered her mind again, only with empathy this time.

Faith went wild under him as he shared how her tight ass felt to him. His hands lifted her ass slightly, then pushed her forward and almost off his cock before he rolled her hips down and back, forcing his thick shaft back into her now tender ass.

Faiths eyes were rolled back in her head, the sensations were amazing, why hadn't she done this before?!

As Veighn's strokes got more aggressive she began to cum again, it was different this time, this orgasm rolled up her back, like a shot of electricity, then over her shoulders and down her chest stopping only when it hit her clit, then the whole sensation would begin its travel over her body again. Tears were flowing from her eyes but her body was screaming for more.

Veighn's head finally fell back, he let out a long moan as his shaft swelled. He jerked inside her, she whimpered and gripped the pillow in both her tiny fists as he filled her with his hot cum. This too was relayed to her through empathy, he knew she liked it, he felt her have her first anal orgasm. When he finally finished cumming, he looked down to her, still softly stroking inside her, bringing her to yet another orgasm as he began to soften. This time it came from slow gentle stroking instead of intense lust filled pounding.

Her moan was barely audible as she passed out.

Veighn slipped from her and moved to the edge of the bed, while he rubbed his new woman's back he called for pizza. It was going to be a very long night once she woke back up.