 Loping through tall grass, the wind rippled over his soft thick curly fur. Greg ghosted through the meadow, his wide paws making almost no sound. A shadow of black with only the high sun to highlight the deep red that lies within as well. Golden eyes survey his surroundings. The day was perfect. The sky was bright and blue with only the sparse thin high clouds to break it up. Hundreds of butterflies danced atop the high grass, in a swirling mass of color. Birds of all kinds, sizes and colors filled the air with their songs. The perfect day, but then it is always perfect in the wolf dream. A dream like no other for it is always more than just a dream. It is a part of reality itself and yet only it's reflection in a way. One could do anything here in the wolf dream. Anything one could dream and more.

A deer, ever vigilant, raised it's head at his approach and bounded into the near by forest. His eyes followed it for only a moment. It smelled tasty but he is not hungry. Not hungry for that anyway. His pray lay elsewhere but he had always come here first. It is the wolf in him. He lifted his nose and tested the air. Not here. He must look elsewhere.

Fixing his mind he leapt and his surroundings change. He alit atop a great cliff. Far below him lay the sea, great and powerful as it crashed into the sides of the cliffs sending froth and spray high into the air to fall back into itself. Or to wet the rocks and the clinging vegetation that tried to survive in this harsh environment. Rearing high amongst the cliffs, a great fortress stood out strong and proud. It looked to be carved right out of the living rock itself. Windows could be seen including those in the high towers. But only one window appeared to give off any real semblance of light in the darkening sky. It was nearing night in this part of the wolf dream and the light called to him like a Seiren. A beacon to show him the way home. Even though it is not his home.

Leaping again he glided through the damp air. Oh how he dearly loved to fly. Upon almost reaching the fortress walls he again focused his mind and the air turned cloudy. The mist growing heavier as he approached until there is nothing but the clouds of white. He then ended his flight by merely stopping and began to walk. His continued his surroundings turned darker and darker. Then the world was black. He walked on until light showed beneath him and he peered down into a lit room. The same room though which he saw the light from the window. The light that meant life was present.

Now normally one could not enter the castle in this way, or any way except through the front door and even then the door was picky. For the castle had powerful wards protecting it and it's inhabitances form interlopers. But the wards never touch him. For he is always welcome here. All doors always open.

He peered down from his dark vantage point which appeared only about ten feet from the floor. The room was ablaze with candle light and mage light and from the roaring fire set in the large fire place along the side wall. The walls were covered with bright and picturesque tapestries and the floor was littered with thick plush rugs all of which looked extremely comfortable. The only pieces of furniture were a large oaken desk, covered with books and papers and writing equipment, a large two door wardrobe, and a wooded chest which laid at the end of a massive canopied bed.

None of which truly caught his eye for his vision was filled with a beauty that took away all thought. She. Sharon. His wolf mate. At the first sight of her he turned into his own human form without even realizing it. That of a not overly tall man with near black hair and a close cut reddish beard that covered only his mouth and chin. The only things that remained the same were his eyes. The golden eyes of a wolf. Those eyes grew wide and wanted nothing more than to drink her all in. She also was in her human form and what he saw turned his blood to fire with desire. Her long black hair was cascading loose down her back and framing her angelic face with her golden eyes, like his own. Her dress was odd to him. He had never before seen it's like. Her blouse, or at least what appeared to be her blouse, was tight and fit to her form so that the top of her bosom lay exposed. Her skirt was quite short and also very tight fitting, hugging her hips and bottom wonderfully. Her long legs were sheathed in the same material as her bust and upon her feet were the oddest slippers he had ever seen. They were made of some kind of leather and at the heals were what appeared to be some kind of stilts of around four inches in height. But no matter how odd they appeared in of themselves they, caused her legs and bottom to shape into the most wonderful of forms.

He was so enthralled in her that it was some time before he noticed that she was not alone. She was talking and sipping wine with a lovely young woman whose bright red hair hung in loose curls to her shoulders. She wore a loose simple dress of very light material that hugged a bit at her ample bosom and at her slim waist and settled about her calves. Her bright green eyes peered at his mate as they spoke and she swayed a bit in the most provocative way. It was as if she were searching for something in particular. He did not know what she was apparently looking for, but that look in her eyes had him on edge.

It was then that he noticed the look in his own mates eyes. That same look of coy apprehension and yet willingness. But hers had another cast as well. One he knew all too well. That of a hunter in sight of her pray and moving in for the kill. She had the same look when they first met. Now he knew what he was seeing and he grew even more excited because of it. His beautiful she mate was trying to seduce this lovely little redhead. And by the look of the girls increasingly accepting state, his mate would have her meal very soon.

They chatted amicably about their work and relationships and all the while Sharon peered at her she would idly dip her finger into her wine and then slowly run the moistened tip around the rim of the glass. She did this several times until the redhead took particular notice of it. The corner of Sharon's mouth quirked up just the slights bit and this time instead of rimming the glass she raised it to her mouth. With her pink tongue barely escaping her parted red lips, she tasted the wine soaked finger tip, then accepted it into her mouth. Sucking it clean with an ever so slight moan. The redheads eyes were glued to Sharon's finger and mouth. Their conversation had ceased and he could her that her breathing was growing rather laden. Sharon's nostrils flared ever so slightly and only a moment later his enhanced sense of smell caught the fragrance as well. The redhead was excited. Sharon spoke up and startled the girl a bit.

"Why don't we make ourselves more comfortable," and motioned to the thick carpeted and pillow laden floor in front of the fireplace.

As the redhead moved forward to where suggested Sharon took the girls glass and started to the desk to refill their drinks but lingered a moment to take in the sight of the young woman's bottom as she sauntered to the fireplace. She smiled broadly and wet her lips with her tongue.

After refreshing their drinks Sharon turned and saw what Greg already had. The girl was now standing directly in front of the fireplace awaiting Sharon and her dress was nearly transparent from the bright fire light showing though from behind. She wore no undergarments at all. Again Sharon smiled, coyer this time, and went to her pray. She knelt down in front the redhead and patted the spot beside her. "Come now," she said with a smile. "Come sit and be more comfy." And as the girl did she started to lay down on her side and propped herself up on one elbow.

"So what should we talk about now," the redhead asked in a now somewhat husky voice.

Placing the glass of wine in her bottom hand, Sharon then reached out with her other and lightly stroked some stray red locks from the young woman's sweet face and said, "How about your beautiful hair?"

The redhead blushed slightly at this but did not pull away. So Sharon then moved her fingers over the girls cheek. "Or your supple skin."

Her hand cupped the girls cheek and then began to move to the back of her head and neck, pulling at her ever so slightly. "Or your moist lips," she whispered as she leaned forward and kissed her gently. The redhead returned the kiss timidly at first but continued on with ever growing passion. Their mouths began to open and their tongues began to play as the kissing grew more heated.

They broke the kiss and pulled back slightly to look into each others eyes. They both smiled and Sharon made a gesture with her free hand. Both of their glasses then floated into the air to return to the great desk. "There," Sharon said, "now we've no encumbrances." She then placed her hand back t the girls neck and they both leaned in for another long passionate kiss.

Greg was on fire where he stood. His member was full and aching but he didn't want to do anything to disrupt their tryst. If he made much noise they would hear him here. The sight was just too hot and beautiful to disturb.

The women's kissing grew more passionate and their hand began to roam over each others bodies. The redheads hand went down to Sharon's legs and began to rub them as Sharon messaged the woman's large and now exposed breasts. Sharon parted her legs to allow access and as she did her skirt rode up to her waist. Greg now saw that what he once thought were just stockings was actually an entire suit. Hence her top being made of the same material. Accept this suit had an opening. An opening right at her clean shaven mound. Her lips were open and bright red. They glistened with her wetness and the scent nearly drove Greg mad with lust.

The woman's hand reached this treasure and at feeling it she moaned loudly. She began to play with the lips with her now damp fingers. Slowly circling the entire area just as Sharon had earlier with her wine glass. She then slipped her middle finger into Sharon's opening, sinking all the way in. This time it was Sharon's turn to gasp and moan as she ground her hips at the woman's ministrations. The redhead then stroked her thumb across her clit and had to break the kiss to hiss with pleasure. The redhead then slid in a second finger and began a rhythmic motion in and out and on every third stroke she would stroke the clit with her thumb. Sharon seethed and then latched onto the red's breast with her mouth, licking and sucking the nipple like a woman possessed. This time it was the redheads turn to throw back her head in ecstasy.

"Cum for me, Sharon," she screamed as she increased her attack on her lovers mound. "Cum on my hand!"

Sharon threw back her head and groaned loud enough to be heard in another's dream. Her hips began to convulse and her breath began to rattle. She came hard. The woman's hand was awash with Sharon's cum before it was over and as Sharon began to calm she brought the sodden hand to her mouth. The redhead licked and sucked one finger clean.

"My god," she exclaimed. "It tastes just like pineapple!"

Rousting her head, Sharon leaned forward and took another of the girls fingers into her mouth and licked it clean. "Hmmm," she cooed, "yes I know."

Leaning to each other they both engaged in another long passionate kiss before Sharon broke it and said with a great smile, "now it's your turn."

She helped the redhead remove her disheveled dress and placed her on her back. She then stood over the woman and slowly began to remove her own clingy garments. Once done, she got down on all fours and crawled up to the prone woman until their bodies lay one on top of the other. Here again they kissed, rubbing against each other. Breasts on breasts. Belly on belly. And mound to mound.

Sharon then slowly began her descent down the woman's beautiful form. First a stop to suckle at her breasts for a time before moving on down. Laying kisses, licks and nibbles along the way. Once she reached the damp red mound, she dove in with abandon. First licking at the lips and then inserting her tongue in as deep as it could go into the red's succulent opening.

Greg could take no more! With one step he was fully in the room. He wore nothing. His hairy chest was heaving and his hands shook ever so slightly as he approached his mate from behind. He got down on to his knees behind her and placed one hand onto the small of her back. She moved her bottom from side to side and briefly puled away from her feast.

"I smelled you as you entered my love, what kept you so long?"

Greg could only grin his wolfish grin, "I didn't want to disturb such a beautiful seduction."

Inserting two fingers into her little lovers soaked hole she purred, "Oh? Then why come now."

"I'm not made of steel, love."

Reaching around her back with her other hand, she grasped his stiff member. "Oh yes you are! Now give it to me lover. Give it all to me." And she then went back to her little green eyed minx and took her clit into her mouth, sucking hard. The woman sucked in her breach through her teeth and bucked her hips, driving even more of Sharon into her.

Greg took the head of his member and placed it to his mates opening. In one smooth, slow and strong motion, he inserted all of it into her. Driving her back into the redhead. The redhead reacted with the sudden lunge by opening her eyes and seemed to take notice of Greg existence for the first time. Her eyes were glazed with lust and she spoke with grunts.

"Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me though her. Please make me cum. Make us both cum!" So Greg redoubled his efforts to both their delights. The smell of lust permeated the room along with their pants and grunts.

Greg leaned forward over his love and steadied himself on the ground with one hand. With the other he reached underneath her to fondle her swaying breasts. Kneading each breast from base to sensitive nipple, he began to kiss and bite her shoulder and neck, grunting into her ear. Sharon's face was awash with the redhead's juices as her tongue and lips did everything to please the young woman's clit and lips and hole. The vibrations from Sharon's grunting sent that much more shock into her burning body.

Seeing this, Greg spoke into her ear loud enough so the redhead could hear as well. "That's so good, love," he grunted. "Keep it up! Make her cum! Look at her eyes. She's going to cum all over your face! Why don't you cum with her, darling. Cum for me Sharon!"

She could take no more and with a groaning scream she came hard. This sent the redhead over the edge with her and she came all over Sharon's sweet face. Greg could feel his shaft being milked by Sharon's cumming. "Oh god that's it," he screamed and came himself deep within her. This sent Sharon over the edge yet again.

The redhead crawled around to where the two were coupled and as Greg finally pulled out of Sharon the girl leaned down and sucked both their cum from his softening member before diving into Sharon's seeping mound for the rest and more as she knew that Sharon wasn't quite finished.

The dream went on for hours more. And it being a "wolf dream" they both awoke exhausted, sore and covered with love bites. "Umm," they both thought aloud, "I can't wait until tonight."