 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 91: Retaliation

Jhul slumped into her seat when the last of the people left the hall. She didn't fall unconscious as her pleasure slave had. She sort of wished that she could have if only to escape the looks she was getting from everyone who was left. Only herself, Caleldir, her mother, and a completely different set of mage-guards were hanging around the table and chair. The latter was only needed for their muscle. Neither Caleldir nor Jhul was in any position to get away. Even though Jhul was only emotionally tired, she didn't feel like she had the physical strength to do much. So it was that Jhul was dragged groaning from her chair while her mother spoke to her.

"There. You see? He is nothing. Willing to pour his seed into any cunt that engulfs him. He doesn't deserve emotion," Iiv'lua said with a gloating smile.

Jhul only glared and trembled. Daughter had a few choice words for mother. There were other plans in the works, though; plans that would be ruined by too much defiance too quickly. For now, though it burned her soul, Jhul broke her gaze with her fantastically foolish mother and looked as much the contrite drow daughter as possible.

"I think you have learned your lesson. Guards? Take her to her room. And Jhul? Don't forget that you need to return to your duties next cycle." And with that, the drow matron swept away from the hall and out of sight.

The guards did as they were asked. One threw Caleldir over her shoulder, and two helped carry Jhul'une between them. They brought them as far as the very front of Jhul's apartments, then dumped the both of them on the floor there. Jhul let herself sink to the soft spidersilk carpet and simply sat there with exhaustion-deadened eyes for several long moments. Then she looked over towards Caleldir and weakly pulled his upper body into her lap. There, on the floor and leaned against the wall with Caleldir in her arms, she fell asleep.

Soon after Jhul had fallen asleep, Caleldir woke up. Still naked, and covered in the sexual fluids of a staggering number of women in addition to his own, he felt dirty and violated beyond belief. Fortunately, the physical aspect of that was easily dealt with. Without prying himself away from Jhul, he cantrip'ed away the slime from both of them. Sighing deeply, he stood up, picked her up very shakily and set her down on her own bed. 

Jhul merely stirred slightly and opened her eyes for long enough to determine who had her in his grasp. It was only Caleldir, of course. She rested her head on his shoulder and inhaled his scent. It was only his, now. No trace of the other cunts who had violated him while she was forced to watch. She fell back to sleep even before he had managed to put her on his bed. Really, she shouldn't have been so tired. Jhul wasn't the one who had to give her seed to every eager woman in the complex. And yet, she could barely keep her eyes open.

Caleldir's hand went to his collar. When Jhul'une awoke, he would tell her everything. For now, screw waiting around. He was going to break out of this collar now, subterfuge be damned. If she would work with him to unseal his powers, then they could be away before the next cycle was upon them.

--

Many miles away in the Underdark, in the very same small, but crucial Frehelvi outpost that Caleldir had been sold at, some of the guards were having a bad time. There had been a very strange visitor to the outpost. Drow, she was, by coloration - brilliantly snow-white of hair and shined obsidian of flesh - but her eyes were an unnatural shade of silver. And she was tall for a surface elf. For a drow, she was massive. Almost certainly, she was more fey than elf with the eldritch beauty that belonged to such beings. Moving with an otherworldly grace, she had flowed up to the outpost, her long soft grey cloaks billowing oddly around her, and inquired after one 'Caleldir Blackdawn, who had been sold here these two weeks past'. When information proved hard to gather, the woman nonlethally subdued the guards without any fanfare and broke into the outpost. And continued until she found the one in charge.

That one was Sbatvyrae Frehelvi, as she had been those two weeks past. The Frehelvi noble was unable to do much as the newcomer disabled her guards, and, in a shockingly short battle, herself. The woman seemed to bear no weapons and under her cloak: she appeared to be barefoot and naked. But her skin, soft to the touch, turned away blades like adamantine armor. And she seemed to be able to conjure blades and blasts from nowhere without any telltale signs of spellcasting. Not that she did not use spells as well.

When the battle was over, the woman quickly confirmed that, yes, one 'Caleldir Blackdawn' had been sold here, to House Dinoryn. Lying did not work, as the woman knew when Sbatvyrae tried it. 

The woman smiled. "At last, I know where you are." 

Leaving the outpost, the woman grinned into the dark. "No idea how you are related to me, Caleldir, but I, Abanonda Blackdawn, will not allow one of my House to fall into slavery." 

Silver eyes glowing, she vanished into the darkness.

--

About an hour later, Jhul finally stirred and sat up. Her wrists and ankles ached from the restraints that she had probably struggled against a bit too enthusiastically. Somehow, she couldn't help that tension and that attempt to escape every time another woman engulfed Caleldir's cock. The first fifty women, anyway. After that, her count became fuzzy and she couldn't summon the will to fight. Jhul was really regretting fighting in the first place. What had it accomplished but sore limbs and extreme tiredness?

Her next concern was where Caleldir was. Still in the room with her, using some of her arcane instruments on his collar. "Pet?" she said, careless of his open rebellion against the collar. The abyss-damned thing needed to come off; she didn't want her mother to be able to use it to control him ever again. "Get my things ready; we are leaving."

"Indeed. Let us get ready to leave. But before we go, I have a request to make of you. And, a confession."

"Tell me in a moment." Then she got to her still rather shaking feet and properly dressed herself for the first time that cycle. Caleldir immediately got up to assist her. It was nice to be finally allowed that dignity. After the last part of her robes were on and smoothed down, she began carefully packing some of her magical items stored around the room into her small enchanted pouch of holding. Her only thoughts for the moment were of just striding out of the front door - it would likely be pretty clear from the determined, angry set to her features. "Alright. What is it?"

He took a deep breath. "I am not actually a drow. In fact, I am only an elf in the loosest sense. My name is real, but not my original one. I am a Blackdawn only by honorary adoption due to having taught one of their daughters magic twelve centuries ago, before Deusterra fell. My original name is Caleldir Hissael, Master Librarian of Deusterra. I am the son of an ancient Titan and a Nymph Archfey. Technically, I am a demigod, in the sense that my mother was a sort of goddess and I helped Deusterra to program and build two other goddesses. One of which is loyal to me and looking for me right now, and the other of which went mad, cursed me and the rest of my country and created an alternate personality of a mad ghost-king named Goelon Duvainor that I unlived as for the last twelve hundred years. I escaped from the mad monastery, and adventured with the heirs of Duskhaven, including delving back into my old cursed haunt to seize ancient artifacts and the secrets of genetic manipulation. I mentioned that a Drow House was going to make me House Consort? That House was Duskhaven, now in the grips of an almost completely successful coup d'etat, which Selene and Tsabdrin are the only surviving members loyal to the legitimate Matron, Ashyr. When we came down to retake the House from the rebels - with me in my disguise as a relatively ordinary drow - I was ambushed and sealed by a mercenary who always smiles and seldom opens his eyes, and sold into slavery." 

Having told his story, Caleldir let out a long breath. "And, that is the full, true story of Caleldir Hissael, of Blackdawn and Duskhaven, Son of Faerie Gods, Librarian to Madness, and King of Ghosts. And so I ask you, true daughter of Dinoryn, to remove my seals. Do so, and I will become immune to death and defeat. I can either sneak out with you, bolstered by tricks and magic beyond reckoning, or I can blast our way out. Even launch a full coup on your mother's mad rule, all on my own. I shed hostile magic like water and shrug off injury with power only increased. Or, if such a move is too blatant for you, I can bring you to the Duskhaven loyalists, and, from there, plot to make you the greatest Matron your House has ever seen, in firm alliance with a renewed Duskhaven full of demigods and ancient magic reborn." He drew himself up very tall and extended his hand. "Jhul'une of Dinoryn. I may not be entirely who you thought I was, and I am promised to another already, but I still treasure you, and the time we had together. Will you join me?"

Jhul's jaw progressively hung more and more open as the explanation went on. When he was finally done speaking, her mouth clicked shut. And then opened again, as if to say something. And then clicked shut again. What had she done? What had her mother done?

"If you aren't..." Jhul began, slowly. "Lolth. The whole drow population." She sunk down to her bed, completely ignoring Caleldir's extended head. "She changed the whole drow population." Then her jaw set, and a cruel little smile twitched across her lips. "They will find out how different their children are. Then they will regret everything. Hah, they thought they would get powerful children. They have no idea..." Jhul stood, a look of resolution on her face. "It's almost a shame that mother won't live to see the depths of her error," she said with the utmost conviction, her voice deep and ominous.

"I knew you were extraordinary. Far more extraordinary for me to handle, to be honest. Of course, since you are not actually noble drow, I cannot keep you like I expected to." She reached out and with the simplest of touches, she removed Caleldir's collar as if he hadn't been trying for weeks to do so himself. Then she began to slide her hands over the various seals on his body. Those took her some concentration to figure out how to unravel. For some reason, she trusted him not to betray her as soon as he was free to do so. 

"We will go to Duskhaven. I will make an alliance with them. They are sure to do so in exchange for my officially releasing you from my service," she said as she went through the process of unsealing him. "At least I hope so. They may not want you as a Consort anymore. Your seed has been spread too far through our population. Don't know why they would make you Consort in the first place. You are not drow." Her voice was absent and unthinking; she concentrated more on freeing him than on her words.

He sighed, releasing his full, empowered nymphen aura for the first time since the mercenary had half-sealed it. "That feels much better," he breathed. Tucking his legs up underneath himself, he floated up into the air and summoned rich clothing onto his until that moment naked body.

"To be more exact, I am drow now," he said. "I put a reincarnation polymorph on myself. Genetically speaking, all of my children seeded in this form will be drow. Super-drow, I am afraid. I suspect nine out of ten will be daughters, and all ten will be Mythic. So, no. I am afraid that those who..." he swallowed, looking strained. "Con- conceived by me." He sighed gloomily. "Their children will not appear to be anything other than very smart, very tough, very very pretty nearly-immortal dark elves. They expected powerful children? I am afraid that they have no idea at all how powerful. If my suspicions come to pass, the Underdark will be changed forever."

Jhul didn't look too pleased. All those powerful drow to compete within a few decades... it was a high noble drow's worst nightmare. Resources were scarce enough as it was. Maybe she would have to try to negotiate for some offspring caught by him. It was something to worry about later, though. Plans needed to be made for the future, but there were actions that she needed to carry out here and now.

"As for Duskhaven making me House Consort, well, there are partly emotional reasons for that. But also partly, I am a genetic engineer. I can perfect any children that I have access to while in the very early stages of their gestation. Remove all flaws. Bring out the true potential of their heritages. Design their looks. With my own genetics, I can create Paragons. And so, from a breeding standpoint, I am the best that can possibly be asked for. The fact that I am titan-fey not originally drow does not actually matter." 

Another sigh. "The Duskhavens will not like what has happened. Not at all. But they will still ally with you and not throw me away for this. I am too valuable to them. If my name is tarnished by this, well, we will have to adapt. If there is one thing that the Underdark respects, it is force. All I will have to do is to give some display of power so overwhelming that it will not be worth opposing Duskhaven on my account. With the help of my artificial goddess, I think I can manage that." Oh. And there was R.I.S.A. Oh dear. R.I.SA. and Althaia. They would have a very different reaction to the event. R.I.S.A., although she would be sympathetic to his having been forced, would be gleeful that he had so many children now and start tracking all of them to make sure that her creators' line would never expire. Meanwhile, Althaia would ask him, if he had impregnated half the Underdark, why he was still unwilling to have sex with at least that many nymphs. Not that many half-nymph men for her little eugenics project, after all. She would want to repeat the event. Except with nymphs. Fuck.

"Then I will have you as a bargaining chip. Even if their reasons might be strange. Powerful children are nice, but not so nice when one is in my mother's position." That was said with another cruel little smirk. "Seems like I will usher in a new era of Duskhaven-Dinoryn cooperation. Their old consort is much revered in magic-heavy societies. If we can get Selene to lend some of their knowledge..." The light of excitement danced in Jhul's eyes. Things were coming together. Vengeance would be complete. Her mother would bitterly regret her actions. People will look upon Jhul'une, Matron of Dinoryn with awe and respect.

"Yes. I can be a bargaining chip," Caleldir said dryly. "I mean, now that I am free, I could say screw you, and just leave, but I am not going to do that. No, until you formally release me, I belong to you, to do with as you will." His tone left no doubt that he was offering to have sex with her again. Not at this moment, of course. They were going to leave the place.

"So, are we doing this the subtle way, or the fun way?" he said with relish.

Jhul grinned. "Oh, I think the fun way would be more appropriate, don't you? Mother did seem to want a spectacle." She rubbed her hands together in barely restrained excitement. "Any chance, you think, that we could have Hael'yss experience an 'accident' on the way out?"

Caleldir smiled evilly. "A spectacle, then. Sadly, I am not going to want to hurt Hael'yss. At this point, she is more likely than not pregnant with one of my daughters or will be as soon as she starts ovulating. As much as I did not want to conceive with her, I am not going to risk harming one of my children." He looked somber for a moment, then grinned again. "Anyway, it is time I died." Summoning a knife, he stabbed himself in the heart.

Before Jhul'une could do anything, he was already on the ground with a knife stabbed through his heart. 

What the fuck. 

Moments later, a more potent, more terrifying version of his aura began to emanate. His body went pale and insubstantial and rose up off the floor. Goelon blinked undead ice-glowing eyes. 

A couple of stumbling steps backward were taken by Jhul. The ghost form of Caleldir, she assumed. Goelon, was it? He at least wasn't lying about that quite insane part of his story. 

"Huh. I am a drow ghost now," he said. "The fellow really did polymorph us." He turned towards Jhul'une. "So... Caleldir does not want me to kill anyone who could have had sex with him, which is a drag, but other than that, I would love to cause some wreckage. In fact, I insist on it. Speak fast if you do not want something wrecked, young drow. Starting with the door to this room."

"Um. Uh. Do not ruin the structural integrity of the place. Superficial damage only. Try not to kill any of the instructors. I don't care if some of the students die. I will paint is as all Mother's fault." She quickly slipped on a ring, then began to wave her hands around in the air and murmur under her breath. Then she began to float in the air just as Cal- Goelon did. Except she was only using minor spells to make it look like she was similar in power to her strange undead pleasure slave. "We can fly out the window, you know." She reminded him. Jhul gestured towards the window that opened up to the courtyard below. "Wreak a little havoc, then we'll be out of here. You'll have to lead the way to Duskhaven after that. I assume the Matron is not at her official house." Her face practically glowed with cruel excitement.

Goelon sighed regretfully. "Thinking over it, it seems that the female half of the tower is pretty much off-limits because they might be bearing Caleldir's children, while the male half did not do anything to Caleldir, so I cannot target them either." He seemed gloomy. "So, no deaths. Just fireworks. Now you may need to..." he blinked. "Actually, no you do not. Here, take some protection." 

Jhul'une felt a spell settling over her eyes and ears, strengthening them. Which was quite useful, as the next thing he did was to drop an epic-level Daylight spell in the middle of the courtyard with an accompanying sonic boom and rippling electricity. The entire complex was instantly lit thrice as strongly as noonday in the tropics. The spell was non-lethal, but painful to even surfacers. Sadistically, Goelon had mixed in a moderate vision healing spell into the mix along with one that forced their eyes to stay open, so that nothing would save those hit by the spell for several minutes. Instead, they would be struck by painful semi-electrical impulses that would sear stone, shred cloth, melt metal, crack outer layers of concrete, and force them to sit naked in the painfully burning light until the vision-repair wore off. Then they would be blinded for a few hours, with lingering Pain spells ripping through them for several days.

And so, with every color brilliantly illuminated such as this part of the Underdark had never seen before, Goelon flew out of the window and floated out in the middle of the courtyard. 

"I am free, you fools!" he boomed out loud enough that even those with ears ringing from the magic could hear him. "Be glad my honor prevents me from tearing this wretched place down around your ears!" To emphasize the point, he telekinetically ripped out a(n empty) chunk of one of the dormitories and dropped it on an empty classroom. 
