 All characters in this story are 18 or older.

Comments, questions, rates are all welcome and appreciated.

This is my first actual story so I hope ya like it :)

xxx

LovelyLittlePixie

+++

She woke when her brain registered the thump. Running a hand through her sleep tousled hair, she crossed the room to the door. She was a good looking girl- curly brown hair, green eyes, and dark, thick eyelashes that any girl would kill for. She had high cheekbones and a few freckles scattered across her face.

She threw open the door and saw her younger brother. He was her twin and he was incredibly attached to her. His little boy eyes peered out from behind lopsided, smudged glasses. His straw colored hair was mussed and his scrawny arms were shaking under the weight of what he held- 5 volumes of the encyclopedia. 

"Aaron. What-exactly-do-you-think-you-are-doing?" Her sentence came out rushed and angry. His bottom lip quivered and he looked on the verge of tears.

"I had a bad dream... I just wanted you to read to me. Please, Allison?" She wanted to shut the door and go back to sleep, but her kid brother was mentally handicapped. She rolled her eyes and nodded, then took the volumes from him. They cuddled together on the bed and she began reading.

+++

"Miss Lacey!" The sharp voice rung out. Allison jumped in her chair and looked wildly around, then at her English teacher. "Could you kindly explain to me why you are using the great literature of Shakespeare as a pillow?" He said angrily, glaring at her. 

She bit her lip. "I'm sorry, Mr. Robins, sir. It won't happen again, sir." 

He prowled towards her desk. "Was that my question, Miss Lacey?" His voice was a silky whisper.

"No, sir." She colored slightly.

"Then answer my question. Why are you using the great literature of Shakespeare as a pillow?"

Her blush deepened. "I-I fell asleep, sir. I didn't mean to." 

"Pfft. What were you doing to keep you from getting the proper amount of sleep? Were you out late at a party like you teens usually are? Or were you maybe 'studying' with a boyfriend?" 

Allison was mortified. "No sir! I was babysitting my mentally handicapped brother! He couldn't sleep last night, so I had to read him a story to put him to sleep.Again, I am sorry, sir." 

The sneer left her teacher's face and he nodded curtly, then resumed his lesson. Allison caught up on the notes and sat in a pool of shame for the rest of class, blushing everytime anyone looked at her.

During the day she stumbled around in a daze. The final bell rang and her shoulder bag's strap broke, sending her books and pens across the hall. She swore under her breath and began to retrieve her things. She wiped an angry tear away and looked for her English textbook, turning to find it inches from her face.

"Looking for this?" Kam Hescow's voice filled her ears like music. She grinned, relieved, then took the book from him and stood up. 

"Thanks." She picked her bag up in her arms like a fat, struggling baby and almost immediately dropped it. Kam laughed and put a hand to her lower back to steady her.

"Need some help?" 

She nodded. "I guess some help would be appreciated." He smiled and took her bag from her, his fingers brushing her arm.

"So. Where's your car?"

She blushed. "My non existent one, you mean? Still in the ads, I suppose. But my very crappy bike is locked to the bike rack." She led the way through a side door and pulled out a key.

Kam looked at her bike. "No."

"What?" She asked.

"You are not riding that piece of shit," he pointed to the bike, "while trying to carry this piece of shit," he hefted the backpack. "Its not happening, sweetheart. Stay here, I'll bring my car around." He turned on his heel and went back inside, still carrying the broken bag.

Allison sighed dreamily. She'd only been in love with him since they were freshmen. He was tall, 6'2" to her 5'5", and had pale hair, a silvery blonde that was almost white. He had carribean blue eyes and was quite handsome. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a light tap on her shoulder. She looked up. 

"Hey, unlock your bike, will ya?"

+++

Allison grinned out the window, not for the first time. She was riding in Kam Hescow's- the most popular guy in school- car. And she was just a nobody. Her rusty bike was in the back and her bag was at her feet.

"Cedar Orchard's Drive, right?" Allison nodded and they talked briefly. She was pleased to note that she made him laugh several times. Kam pulled up to her house. 

She smiled and got out of the car. "Thanks for the lift." She got her bike and her bag and started walking up the path. Kam rolled hiseyes and got out of his car behind her. He quickly caught up to her.

"Hey Alli, doll? It wasn't just a lift. You're gonna have to repay me."

Allison turned, biting her lip nervously. "How much money do you want?"

Kam laughed. "I don't want you're money. I want... a date."

"A date?" Allison asked skeptically.

"Yeah. Go out with me on a date." Kam grinned.

"You have got to be kidding me. Thanks for the insult!" Allison threw her bike down on the grass and strode angrily to the door. Kam stood still, frozen with surprise. He regained his senses and sprinted to the door. He put his arm out to keep her from opening it.

"Allison, I'm serious. I wanna go out with you. Please, just give me a chance."

She looked up at him, surprised. "Really? But I'm nothing special. I'm kind of a loser, in case you haven't noticed."

"You're somebody special to me," he smiled softly and Allison chuckled.

"Fine. Come on in." She walked in with Kam close behind her. She picked up the list from the counter and groaned. "Kam... I have a lot of work to do. I don't know if I can-"

"I'll help you." Allison blushed and he took the list from her. "1. Clean the windows, whole house. Well, let's go. I'm not leaving till I get a date with you."

+++

Allison sipped her coffee as she listened to Kam. They were on their date, at a little coffee shop off of Main street. It was one of the after school teen hangouts. Kam was telling her about his family.

"What's this?" A female voice drawled.

Allison turned around and immediately felt sick. It was Popy and her friends. They were the 'most popular' girls in school- big boobed, blonde haired cheerleaders. Otherwise known as the easiest fucks. Poppy had just gotten a nose job so of course her two wannabe shadows had as well. Poppy was sipping a latte and looking down her nose at Allison as if she was something disgusting that had crawled out of a sewer.

Allison struggled to push down the bile rising in her throat. "What do you mean?"

Poppy glared at Allison, clearly repulsed. "I wasn't talking to you, freak. Kam, honey, what are you doing with this loser?"

Kam wiggled uncomfortabley in his chair. "She's tutoring me. I'm failing math and she's at the top of the tutor volunteer list."

Poppy looked satisfied, then glared balefully at Allison. "Stay away from my man, bitch, or I'll rip your throat out." She stalked off and Jenny, one of her shadows, lunged forward, dumping her coffee on Allison. 

"Whoops. I am so sorry. didn't even see you, Allison. It was like you were totally invisible," she said with a viscious smile. She turned and walked toward Poppy. Allison looked after them in shock, then looked at Kam, eyes watering. She shook her head, then jumped up and ran out of the coffee shop.

"Allison!" Kam called after her. He threw his hands up, tugging at his unruly hair. "Damn it to hell!" He slapped some money down on the table, then strode outside. Linking in the bright sunlight, he unlocked his car and got in, driving to Allison's house. He got there right after she did. He left his car running and ran after her.

She closed the door and he knocked on it. He waited a few moments and knocked again. She didn't answer the door so he began insistently knocking. She yanked open the door. She was wearing a baggy shirt and running shorts and her hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Her eyes were puffy and red from where she had been crying. 

"Find another tutor!" She slammed the door and he knocked again.

"What the hell do you want?" 

"I want you to hear me out! I can explain what said!"

"If you wanted me to be your tutor, you could have at least asked me instead of pretending to wanna go out with me!"

"Allison! I do want to date you! But we both saw her reaction when I told her that you're my tutor. Imagine what it would have been if had told her we were dating. I did it to protect you. I really, really like you."

Allison's eyes softened. "Really?"

Kam nodded. "Would I do this if I didn't?" He leaned forward and kissed her softly on the mouth.