 Hey you guys! I am so sorry for the long wait, I had a severe case of Writer's Block (what a deadly disease) and a crapload of college. BUT its all good. Rates? Comments? Milk? Lactaid, if you can get any haha. 

LovelyLittlePixie

--------------

Allison's eyes closed briefly as she kissed him back, soft, sweet, and slow. She sighed softly into his mouth and slid her tongue across his lower lip. Kam shifted and the spell was broken. She jerked back and looked at him, enraged. She stomped on his foot and then slapped him across the face.

"Hey! What the hell was that for? Alli doll, I siad I was sorry. I thought you-"

Allison hissed like a flat tire tiredly pumping out its remaining air. "Shh! I get it! No, the smack was for randomly kissing me. You barely even know me. I do NOT go around kissing strangers. I never have and I am not about to start now."

"Well... Even though I don't know you too well, I'd love to get to know you better," he grinned sweetly and she relented. 

"If you want this whole... THING to continue, you're going to have to stop calling me 'Alli doll'." She turned and went into the house, hiding a grin.

Kam bit his lip. As soon as the front door closed, he punched his fists into the air. Whooping, he jogged down to his car. He slid in behind the wheel and picked up his phone to text Joey, his closest friend. 

YOU OWE ME $75, JOEY

~WHAT THE HELL FOR??

GUESS WHO I SCORED A 2nd DATE WITH

~IDK. NATALIA

NOPE. JUST THE SEXIEST PRUDE IN OUR DISTRICT... ALLISON LACEY

~YOUR KIDDING ME RIGHT

NOPE. SHE FELL HARD... SHE IS ONE HELL OF A KISSER THOUGH

~BUT... SHE DOESN'T DATE ANYONE... HOW DID YOU DO IT

IT JUST TOOK SOME KAM MAGIC. WOMEN LOVE ME

~KAM... I KINDA DARED YOU AS A JOKE. I DIDN'T THINK THAT YOU WOULD ACTUALLY DO IT

JOEY. RELAX! I GOT THINGS UNDER CONTROL

~THATS THE THING KAM. YOU ONLY THINK YOU DO

STOP BEING SUCH A DAMN PRICK

~MAN I AM SERIOUS SHE MIGHT GET HURT

SO NOW YOU HAVE A HEART? DAMN JOEY. YOURE THE ONE WHO GOT ME STARTED IN THIS GAME. WHAT HAPPENED TO EVERY OTHER GIRL?

~ALLISON IS DIFFERENT. THEY ARE ALL SLUTS. SHE ISNT

TOO LATE JOEY. I AM GOING TO FUCK HER SO HARD SHE CANT SEE STRAIGHT. TTYL

++++++++++++++

Joey looked down at his phone, horrified. "What the fuck have I done? Oh my god... he's going to tear her apart," he whispered.

+++++++++++++++

2 MONTHS LATER

Allison stood in front of her mirror, dabbing at a smudge of eyeliner. She had finally fixed it and had lifted her pencil to reapply it when her phone buzzed. She jumped and resmudged her face. Cursing softly, she stalked over to her phone, flipping it open to read the text.

DONT TRUST KAM. HE ISNT WHAT HE PRETENDS TO BE

Allison recoiled, shocked. "What the hell? Why would someone send something like that?" She mused, wrinkling her nose. "Ugh. I bet it was that bitch, Poppy. She's low enough to scare away the competition. Hmm. Whatever." Allison shrugged and fixed her makeup, and then flipped her hair out of her eyes, satisfied.

The doorbell rag and Allison ran to the door, flinging it open. "Kam! You're here early!"

Kam grinned and nodded. "Yep. Thought I'd pick you up early so we could have some more time together..."

Allison rolled her eyes good naturedly. "What if I didn't have time to finish getting ready? I'd end up looking like a panda."

"An absolutely adorable panda, I must say," he purred. He swooped down and kissed her softly on the lips, the pulled her out the door and to his car. "Is it okay if we just stay at my house today? My parents areout of town so we havehe house to ourselves."

Allison buckled herself into his car and shrugged as he pulled out of the driveway. They joked about Kam's latest sports on the way to his house. He ordered Chinese food and they settled down to watch a movie.

They were snuggled together when the food arrived. Kam brought it up to the couch and they ate while watching the movie. Allison set her chopsticks aside and leaned into Kam's chest. He began to lazily trace his fingers up and down her arm. She was deeply involved in the romance, though, and paid him no mind. He pulled her closer and stroked her hip, leaving one hand to rest on her hip and the other to stroke her inner thigh until the movie ended. 

As the credits rolled, he tipped her head back and kissed her deeply. She gasped softly and turned into him. Cupping her face in his hands, he gently pulled her closer, licking her lips. Allison opened her mouth and he slipped his tongue in. Her fingers clenched into his hair and his hands roamed freely across her body.

Kam broke the kiss reluctantly, standing and pulling her up. He kissed her again roughly and led her to his bedroom. As soon as he had the door closed he had Allison up against the wall, kissing her fiercely. She moaned into his mouth and he tugged her shirt off. She pulled his off over his head in return and he recaptured her lips, unhooking her bra. One hand playfully flicked her zipper as he slid er bra off her lightly freckled shoulders. 

He began to fondle her breasts with a calloused hand, sending chills of excitement through her. Kam groaned and pressed his erection into her hip. Allison's eyes fluttered shut and she shivered as he bent his blonde head. He slowly licked her left breast, teasing his tongue around it and then flicking her nipple. His hand reached up and he rolled her other nipple between his thumb and forefinger as he greedily suckled at her.

Allison moaned and felt her knees tremble as her heart seemed to leap into her throat. Kam caught her in strong arms and licked the pale pink shell of her ear. "Damn, baby. You're so beautiful." He scooped her up and strode to the bed, dropping her and quickly rolling on top of her. 

He ground his hard on against her teasingly as he returned to kissing and sucking on her breasts. She moaned and he teasingly unzipped her pants, pulling them off her hips and down her legs. He traced the waistband of her cotton panties before slipping hs hand between her legs. "Gee, Alli doll. You're drenched," he whispered against her neck, biting her. She felt a sharp sting but he quickly smoothed it over with a kiss. 

She blushed and buried her head in his shoulder. He shook his head slowly before purring. "No, no, no. You, my dear, are not allowed to hide. This is who you are. Accept it." He slipped off his pants and boxers, then hers. With a reassuring grin,he pried her legs apart and knelt between them. He slipped his finger through her dark curls and into her, chuckling when he discovered how wet she was. 

His erection was painfully hard and he was aching to ram into her, but he had something to say to her. "And now, Alli doll, I am going to fuck you."

Allison's eyes flew open and she snapped out of her sexual high. "What?? No, Kam. I don't want-"

"Yes, you do. You want me to fuck that tight little pussy of yours," he bit her neck roughly. She oaned and he took that as a yes. He pushed against her and she felt something hard and hot filling her. She felt as if she was about to be split open and she almost that she was splitting when she felt the warm stickness of blood trail from their coupling to his sheets. 

Kam groaned as he finally plunged into her. She was so sweet and tight, feeling like a velvet glove encasing his cock. He kissed her, cradling her head in one hand while he liftehimself aboveher with the other. He began to push in and out of her hot wetness.

Allison cried out and he swallowed the sound as he kissed her deeply. It hurt to have him insideher, but felt amazing at the same time. Her eyes filled wiht tears and she turned her head to the side, listening to Kam gasp and groan over top of her. She drowned out the sound and sensation and magined herself at the beach. She had completely relaxed when she was rudely brought back to reality when something hot and sticky shot into her and Kam collapsed on top of her, holding her in his arms. 

He breathed heavily and held her for a moment so that she wouldn't think he didn't care, then stood and pulled his clothes back on. He threw her clothes at her and went to the bathroom. 

She bit her lip to hold back the tears and shrugged into her clothes. Kam waltzed out of the bathroom and she stared at him. "Why?" Her voice cracked pitifully.

"Because we both wanted to."

"Kam. I pledged abstinence, I wanted my first time to be so much more special than this. I wanted it to be on my wedding night. It was supposed to be a gift for my husband."

Kam frowned, puzzlied as to how to make her feel better. He ecided on a hug, because women love hugs. "I'm sorry, Alli doll. IYou're just so damn beautiful I couldn't help myself."

Alli shook her head. "I want to go home."

+++++++++++++++

Allison sat in the library, staring at a book she wasn't reaing. Her mind kept wandering back to what had happened. She touched her lower stomach and shuddered. She'd been avoiding Kam all week, hiding out in the library where he would never go (she wasn't even sure if he knew the school had one) during lunch and leaving school erly or late. A pair of hands took the book and closed it. 

Allisn looked up and blinked. "Hey Joey." 

"Allison, we need to talk." 

Allison noted the worried expression on the handsome boy's face. His hazel eyes were filled with concern. "If its about Kam-" 

He cut her off. "No. Its about you. I know... I know what Kam did to you."

Her eyes flared. "What, so he told you all about it, did he?"

"No," he said slowly. He placed a hand over hers and squeezed comfortingly. "I just know that you guys fucked and it probably wasn't entirely consentual on your part."

"How did you know that?" Allison whispered, her emerald eyes filled wth unshed tears and her voice trembling with despair.

Joey looked pained. "Its a long story." 

+++++++++++++++

Allison kicked at a stone along the path. "I can't believe tats wat he thinks of me. A good bodied prude. How could I have been so stupid?" She kicked out at the stone angrily. With a strangled cry of rage and pain she scooped it up and threw it into the ocean, her aim blurred by the tears filling her eyes. She stared at the setting sun and finally allowed herself to cry. 

Angry and sorrowful tears mingled with the rain pouring from the heavens. The clouds had opened up suddenly and shed empathy upon her, giving her their tears as well. She walked, half blinded by all the water in her face nad surrounding her. 

She spotted a dilapidated old cottage up ahead. Nobody lived on this stretch of beach, it was too stony and harsh. 

"May as well go in and get out of this torrential downpour." She steeped onto the poch and ancient floorboards creaked beneath her. She shook off the sense of eerie foreboding and stepped into the one room cottage. Dust flew into the air and she sneezed.  

Pulling out her keychain, she fumbled for the pocket LED, clicking it on. A glimmer against the far wall compelled her to keep walking further into the shack instead of waiting by the door like she had originally planned. 

A round, ornate mirror was hung on the back wall. It certainly didn't belong in a place like this, it was much too grand. She ran her hands along the edge, feelng the filigree beneath her fingertips. She touched the cool glass... which gave way to her hand. Gasping, she yanked her hand away, then gingerly touched the glass again. The mirror seemed to melt beneath her probing fingers. 

She slammed her hand against the mirror and instantly felt pain as her hand came into contact with rock hard glass. The mirror hadn't yielded a bit this time. She gently touched it again and her hand slipped through. 

She giggled in pleasure and slid her hand into the mirror, which was quickly followed by her whole arm. She was about to pull out wn she felt something catch hold of her hand- the one inside the mirror. A strong grip insistently tugged at her and with a squeak of surprise she was yanked into the shdowy depths of the mirror.