 The Gathering

Into the Foreverdark

They rode to the tower in silence and as she climbed out of the carriage demanding to see the archmage as she pushed an acolyte aside. As Dirzune did the archmage stepped around the corner and smiled, Rikton was hopeful this would be like the other times she had visited.

Dirzune grabbed him slamming Rikton into the wall saying, "Move those hands and I will have half this tower culled. This is all business, my dear, you are not that lucky." 

As she gave him a wink as he stopped casting, he understood this was a new game to be played. Dirzune meant every last word of her threat and knew that even though she preferred to have him as her consort doing Lloth's will came first. So nothing fun would be happening, but he would still try and she would enjoy the effort. As she stormed off to his private study terrifying the acolytes along the way, he followed enjoying the chaos she was causing when they entered his chambers he activated several wards to give them privacy.

Rikton wondering how this game was going to be played asked, "What brings you here, threatening to kill half the acolytes in this tower."

Dirzune looked at him, he saw no amusement in her eyes as she said, "I have ears everywhere and I will know if you talk. Should be foolish enough to I will not kill half I will kill all of them and you."

Normally they would play games to get this information and she would be more hospitable even flirtatious, this was something new and it unsettled both of them to a great degree. He would never admit it, but he did have strong feelings for her.

He chose his words carefully knowing one wrong word would send he off again and said in a measured voice, "What has you this disturbed? If it is the human you are worrying over nothing he is one and blind, he could never find the surface in his short life without light to guide him."

She spun and back handed him saying, "You know little and make it much, and we both know you are smarter than this or you never would have sired my children, he is no ordinary human your own acolyte confirmed as much."

He rubbed his check fighting his desire for revenge, thinking this might lead somewhere and replied, "How is he different? I cannot give you what you will not tell me."

She retorted annoyed, "His aura is strong very strong. I would have to say it will soon be stronger than the Intress's own and if your acolyte is right it will only get bigger."

He thought about it and said dismissively, "So, he is a powerful cleric, they do gain power quickly in their short lives. You kill him and move on, why would that bother you so much?"

She said lost in her thoughts about what she felt from the human, "His power seems to be natural not divine or arcane. If he was as powerful as your acolyte says then why was he taken by a merchant family? How could he not know of us, even Alak the surface trader confirmed that we are feared by them and shrouded in myth, yet he does not know of us?"

Now this was worth the back hand he had received and said with the wheels turning in a new direction, "Only magical creatures like nymphs, dryads and the like have a natural magic and demons can use divine magic naturally of course magic comes from dragons they are the ones who taught it to all Fey, some evolved into arcane natural magic users, so you are telling me he is some kind of demon or dragon. Alak told me that many human priests don't believe in fighting. If Alak is right then this is the most interesting one of all maybe he is ... oh wait where is it."

He was digging through his library for a book and pulled it out. The book was written in a strange language that the priestess didn't understand a word of it.

She asked, "What is this?"

Rikton said sounding very scholarly, "It is a tale told to the Mountain Dwarves and if I understand it correctly they the wild elves and the humans who are called the Ride all believe this. It says that they came from another planet those three tribes would return one day when a guardian would come from their world. Maybe he is their guardian and has come from another world and knows nothing of us." 

He smirked at his answer thinking of how fantastic such an idea would be. He turned the page and they saw a circle with symbols around the outside and on the inside an image of earth as seen from space.

Dirzune pointed and asked, "What does this say?"

He retorted, "Something about the mark of the guardian and this I am still trying to figure out but my best guess says he will have companions and they will bear a mark on them."

Dirzune would have sworn she had seen that somewhere but just couldn't place and asked, "I thought you could just cast a spell and you would know all of this. Which is what your acolyte did twice to the human, he resisted the first one."

Rikton looked at Dirzune a little lost and said sounding confused, "Only offensive spells will be resisted not common tongue or healing. I have tried several times and even invented spells to try and read this, every time I cast a spell on any page that page will disappear until the spell wears off. I honestly think this is the language of the gods, which makes this a holy book I have found no magic on the book or on the pages but my magic still won't work on it, if you have another explanation I listening."

Dirzune laughed and snorted derisively, "It is a tale for them to have hope is all. A man will come and lead you to a safe place, away from all your troubles what a load. What goddess in her right mind would fool their followers with such drivel and what kind of fools would follow it."

Rikton thought for a second, ran through his encyclopedic knowledge and said, "We have the legends about renewal and not a single priestess denies that. Maybe this is the same thing, from what I know of renewal we will leave here and travel to another place and battle with Lloth, against the sun kissed elves and settle things once and for all."

Dirzune couldn't argue his point they talked further coming up with no plan or even hint of what was going on and left the meeting with no clear answers. She did have more information as she headed back to the cloister mulling over the information and wanting to figure this human out let alone the sinking feeling she got from him. The priestess came the next day and took him out of his cell and leading him through the large house filled with strange art and soft light, to a room on the upper level. She opened up the door and Henri saw his patient for the first time since the transfusion. She was awake and looked in good health considering, hesaw that robed man who had done something so that he could understand them, he made the same gestures as last time and then left the room. 

The priestess walked up to my patient, pointed to her and demanded, "How did you save her?"

I didn't want to talk to her or any of these people really so I stayed silent. The priestess offered to return me to my cell if I didn't want to talk. I wasn't in the mood for another beating and the last time I helped her she let me rest. The women in this house hadn't, so what choice did I really have.

I said trying to sound like a doctor, "I used silver nitrate to cauterize the wound and then used disinfectant to keep it from getting infected, stitched it up the wound and bandaged it."

She studied me and I swear she was trying to decide if I was telling the truth, She looked at my patient and said, "How come you do not know of the Drow, surely you know our elven cousins on the surface?"

I couldn't help it I started to laugh at the thought of elves my mind went to thoughts of Christmas anime or cartoons as the Americans called them and said, "You're elves? Sorry you're going to have to do better than that. Everybody knows that elves don't exist and besides you're too tall, the wrong color and not living on the North Pole with Santa Claus."

They both looked at me with displeasure, which had me thinking it was a smile because they never looked at me any other way, the priestess asked, "Who is Santa Claus?"

I couldn't help it I was crying from laughing so hard all I could do was picture them with red Christmas hats. I looked at them they were serious, I thought 'Slap my ass and call me Henrietta they really think they are elves, they must have gone bat shit crazy down here.'

Wanting to set the record straight I said, "You honestly expect me to believe that you are not human? Your blood is the same color as mine, you breathe air, and your blood is compatible..."

Dirzune interrupted asking, "What do you mean our blood is compatible?"

I looked at my patient and said, "My patient, sorry I forgot your name. She had lost a lot of blood and in order to save her I transferred some of my blood into her body, or she wouldn't be here now and well if she wasn't human than we would both be dead because some of her blood is in me, so I'm sorry to tell you that you are an underground evolution of humans and not elves."

This annoyed the fuck out of both of them, I guess they didn't like the thought of being human in the least.

The priestess looking for a loop hole replied questioningly, "You said elves don't exist. Does that mean they once did?"

I replied trying to show I was the smart one in the room (stop laughing), "We haven't found any proof that they did. I mean elves are from Norse mythology, the next thing you are going to tell me is that dragons are real."

I started to laugh and stopped when they looked at me seriously and nodded that they do, I think I said something about calling me Henrietta.

The priestess said bluntly as if this was a well known fact, "They do, but I have never seen one and I have been around for a few years."

I looked at her and she looked like she was maybe 22 and I smiled saying, "You're what 22 I mean I'm older than you, come on now I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed but I'm not the dullest either." 

She just said like it was common knowledge, "I am going on my 4th century. This child is 186 years old."

I couldn't believe it and said in utter disbelief, "Ok, you're pulling my leg now, right? I mean she looks maybe 17, 18 tops. I mean if you are telling me that she has looked like this for the past 168 years. I would ask if we could bottle whatever it is that keeps you looking so young and sell it making a fortune, or give me some of what your smoking because that is some good shit."

Her mind came to something he said and asked, "What is the name of your world?"

I looked at her like she was stupid and said, "Earth, you know third rock from the sun. The same planet we are on."

It was like she had an epiphany or something as she said, "You are not on Earth, this is Alirota and if Alak's information is correct and we are the 4th from our sun."

I damn near fell over hearing that this wasn't Earth I asked, "How do you know if you have never been out of this cave?"

She said taking great delight in my despondence, "This is not a cave but a world under the world we call it the Foreverdark. We know about the surface because one of our merchants Alak trades there."

I replied my headache becoming a migraine, "Ok, so let me if I understand correctly and I hope to god I don't. I'm not on earth, you're a race of elf called Drow and you live for 100's of years? I want to see proof can you prove that you aren't evolutionary humans?"

She smiled more than happy to prove her point and asked, "Can humans do this!" 

As the room went black I couldn't see a damn thing. A few minutes later the light returned as she sat, smiling at me her eyes saying any more questions.

I asked, "Well I can't argue with that, I could but I would be wrong. How did you do that?"

She was back to being nonchalant and said, "It is magic of course, just like your glasses are."

I said trying to keep my head from exploding, "There is no such thing as magic, so don't bullshit a bullshiter. My goggles make light that goes beyond my visual range and brings it a level that I can see. It is science not magic, magic is making my pay last till payday."

She found this exchange interesting and asked looking to ram home her point, "How do you explain us talking like we are? The man who was in here cast a spell to allow us to talk. Could you understand us before he cast that spell?"

I knew was out matched here threw up my hands in disgust and said, "Point taken, you are asking more of me than I am capable of. I mean a few days ago the only verifiable intelligent life in the universe was us humans and we thought we were all alone. Now, I am to believe that elves, pixies, sprites and dragons are real, but that isn't all I am to also accept that magic is real, my head is spinning trying to come to grips with the fact that all of you here are elves and that you use magic. The one thing that keeps running through my mind is, why is this important?"

A debate raged in the priestess, she could feed him a little truth and get a lot of information in return, which was what she wanted the question was which little truth; his and Zilvra's auras, why here magic didn't work on them as well. These two had the best chance of working she decided on a different path.

She said hopping for the best but ready to change course if it didn't, "If you believe that then we can start to figure out how you got here, UNLESS your science has an answer for that, if not we can work from the idea that magic brought you here, but that would be useless if you don't believe in magic in the first place."

Henri knew he was playing chess with a master and needed to find the answer from her question. His head hurt trying to wrap it around the meaning of what is not said, he preferred action over thinking and trusted his gut and right now it wanted to hurl. 

I shrugged my shoulders and kept the game a foot as best I could, "Ok, so I can't explain how I got to another planet and I will work with the premise of magic bringing me here. Then I guess I must ask who could bring me here using that magic, and of course why? I mean my planet has many people on it and I am sure a philosopher or physicist would have those answers not a simple soldier like myself."

She was impressed that this human put so much thought into things, she wondered if all humans tried to play the game as hard as this one did. Henri had brought up a very good point, who had the power to bring him here and why.

Dirzune searched for answers only one came to mind as she said, "Henri you asked, who had the power to bring you here. I don't think it was a person, but a goddess. Only the goddesses have that kind of power, the interesting part is why they would put you down here, without being able to get out?"

Henri shook his head in disbelief, knowing it had just exploded and said, "Wait, you said gods as in more than one. So this planet is full of pagans. So what you worship spiders or something and that is why I see them all over the place."

She retorted annoyed and very angry, "I am a servant of Lloth the spider queen and spiders are revered not worshiped."

Henri smiled internally, I have found a button let's see how much I can push it. You didn't expect me to avoid the big shinny red button saying don't push, did you?

Henri asked a fiendish smirk on his face, "So, killing a spider would be bad here, I guess."

I saw both of them look at me with threatening eyes as the priestess said, "You could be killed for that, the goddess has said any who harm them should be killed."

Henri loved religious fools, they would run through walls for something they had never seen. Henri was going to be beaten anyhow so why not make it worth it, he had learned from growing up as he did that losing and losing with style were two very different things.

I asked knowing I was losing with style, "Have you met your goddess? Asked her what's up? Why you're always pissed off?"

The priestess's eyes glowed crimson as she said her emotions teetering on the edge of violence, "You dare impugn my faith, I am loyal servant as you will come to see and one day you will kneel down before her as your goddess."

I pressed knowing the beating was coming, "So, I will take that as a no so I guess your not as pious as you thought. I can't blame you, I mean she is probably hideous and you're not half bad looking, if you get that stick out of your ass and drop the holier than thou act. You might find some guy to give you a nudge once and a while or do you prefer the ladies?"

She smiled knowing he was pushing her buttons and even a little angry with herself for letting him saying, "I like what I like and I will enjoy at the fact that you find me attractive. However, tread lightly human, we have been kind to you until now. Would you rather we not be so friendly, I am sure we would be more than willing to oblige."

The opening was there and I attacked, "So you people rape and beat each other, this is your kindness? You people need to learn a little hospitality because this is not."

I took off my shirt off and showed my scars from being whipped and the bruises from being beaten.

She just said coldly, "The healing draughts should have removed those. I guess you are, weak after all such things are how we toughen up our children to live in the Foreverdark and serve Lloth."

As she studied his body she saw a mark on his chest of the planet Earth with sidgles in at the cardinal points. She knew it from somewhere but where, she could not remember exactly and almost missed Henri as he started speaking.

I said, "They kind of worked, the bleeding stopped and the wounds closed but that was all." 

Her mind ran back to that book, Rikton showed her a symbol of a guardian, she quickly dismissed it when she saw more marks on my shoulders and arms, and they were different colors. Henri saw his patient try and move her shoulder and it looked stiff.

I said changing the subject, "Let me see how that is healing."

I went to get up and my patient went for a weapon next to her, as she pointed it at me I saw she had a hand crossbow pointed at me. 

The priestess said cajoling her like she was a child, "Child he will cause no harm here, for he is not foolish enough to try. I am present and others are outside he would have no place to go if he tried anything." 

She as she bent over to show me the entry wound, I saw her slide a blade from the table. I checked the entry wound and saw that it had healed and closed.

I asked certain of the answer, "You did this with magic?"

The priestess just nodded, as I asked her to sit back so I could check the front, as she sat back I saw her change her grip on the knife. As I looked at her wound my eye was drawn down to a light blue mark that had started to glow as my hand moved closer to her.

I asked wondering if it had anything to do with magic, "Is that part of your magic."

I pointed to the light blue glow that was on her right breast. The priestess walked over and pulled down my patients top so she could get a good look at it. I looked down and for the first time it dawned on me how beautiful my patient was, as I soaked her in I stared like I was a scanner going from her snow white hair to her pure red eyes, she had a build like an aerobics instructor, not overly muscled but very tone, she had narrow shoulders that made her wide boobs that sat high on her chest with low nipples the overall she was a nice B cup or a large A, she looked almost exactly like my seductress the biggest differences were the narrower nose and fuller lips. I barely noticed the light blue mark that looked like a tattoo to me.

The priestess wanting to see if Zilvra's mark had some sort of reaction to Henri and said, "Henri, move your hand closer to this mark."

I did as ordered and watched as my hand got closer her tattoo began to glow and being a kid at heart, I pulled my hand away to watch the tattoo dim and closer to see it brighten. I finally noticed what her tattoo was of and tried to hide my shock.
