 Finally on to Chapter 2.  

I want to thank McLovin for his work in helping me edit this.  

I also want to thank everybody who messaged offering to help.

For those who were waiting for some sex, wait no longer.

*****

Escape from the Foreverdark 

The Gathering 

Belar put her hand up and closed her eyes, a minute later she took her hand off the wall and walked away. Down the hall she turned and watched Zilvra put up her ward, and just like her room the ward was very powerful. 

She wondered if her sister knew about the transformation in her aura, or if she is still clueless about the growing black and yellowish-white that is in her aura. She knew that Zilvra and Henri had a bond but how tight would there bond be. 

This was the real reason to have them as allies, she knew that her baby sister now had a magical aura stronger than her own and she truly doubted that Henri was still human, the black in his aura was now covering his torso and she started to see a blue aura as well growing very slowly. 

Zilvra took her hand down and could feel the power of her ward then turned to Henri, studying him closely. 

I asked, "Can I trust her about Shyntaunlin? Hell can I trust her at all?" 

Zilvra said, "You can never trust her. She told us just enough to get what she wants. 

The fact that she was honest bothers me, she is a game master. Most of us play a game within the bigger game, she plays a game within the game that most of us are trying to play and sometimes much more than that. 

She has run circles round Mica and she is her closest competitor in this family, even our matron isn't as good as she is." 

I was shocked at how good the minx was and decided it was better to leave it and see for myself. 

While I was checking her out, I noticed her outfit and asked, "Are those your new leathers?" 

Zilvra looked down and knew they were the same she had tried on last night, she replied annoyed, "No, they are the same from yesterday but I don't understand they didn't fit and now they fit better than they did before." 

I looked her over again and noticed her feet saying, "You forgot your boots, were you in that much of a hurry to get down here?" 

She glared at me and said, trying to emphasize how dangerous her sister is, "Leaving her in the same room with you is dangerous and that is being very generous." 

She tried to put on her boots which looked too small for her feet and sure enough they didn't fit. 

She said annoyed in general but a little with Henri, "Now, these don't fit either. I have no boots that fit and this thing fits like a second skin. You did this somehow, I mean you touched these and now they fit even better than before." 

She got up and walked towards me, as she did I saw her tattoo start to glow through her leathers and sure enough my families crest appeared on her leathers like it had been branded there. I could see she felt something from the exposure. 

As she got closer I took the boots and asked looking for something to build a relationship from, "What are you feeling?" 

She looked at me and grumbled, "I can feel the magic flowing through these leathers like it is alive with magical energy and your mark is now on these and the magic is flowing from it." 

I remembered how when I walked past the room just outside my cell, how Dirzune felt sick and asked wondering if it bothered her, "In the other room there is a door, what is in that room? Dirzune couldn't stand it, whatever it is." 

She looked at me like I had asked the dumbest question and said, "Your sword and the strange things that were attached to you are in there, I remember one of the guards telling me that nobody can go near that room, but I felt nothing when I walked past." 

I had to think for a moment what she meant about the strange things attached to me, I think she is talking about my pistols. Then I remembered that when I unsheathed the sword it was the first time I felt that burn and now I have that new tattoo on my chest from the burning. 

I handed the boots back to Zilvra, not really sure how I made her leathers fit so well and said, "I got my tattoo on my chest when I unsheathed my sword, so maybe it is magical or something. Can I have my sword back? Maybe I will feel that burn again like before or something." 

Zilvra tried the boots on and they still didn't fit her, so much for that idea. 

Zilvra sounded amused as she said, "You're not getting your hands on that sword, but I will go in and touch it and I will know right away if it is or isn't magical." 

She walked off to the room where my sword was being kept and felt nothing. Looking around the small room she saw a male Drow sitting in the corner opposite the door. 

As she approached the door he said his voice filled with concern, "You don't want to open that door." 

She turned and asked looking for anything that could explain what was happening to her, "Why not?" 

He looked at her a little lost and asked questioningly, "Something in that room gives off very bad magic, it is bad enough being this close. Don't you feel it?" 

She replied hoping to throw is suspicion off, "I do, but I want to see how bad it gets, you can leave the room if you want." 

As she started opening the door, he nearly ran out of the small room with the storage closet, wincing in pain. 

When she walked in she could feel the magic coming off of the sword, it was so powerful. She felt nothing and figured it had something to do with Henri, so she walked closer and touched his sword as she did she felt a burning sensation running up her arm to her now brightly glowing tattoo. 

She unsheathed the sword and looked at the strange blade, she could see the folds in the blade and noticed it had a point and a single edge the workmanship was unbelievable to behold. Unlike the surface blades she had seen which were double bladed, this was more like the scimitars that Belar was deadly with. 

She started to feel light headed and sheathed the sword, put it back, and walked out. She closed the door and leaned against it as she started to feel nauseous and wondered if this was what the others were feeling from the sword. She looked down and watched in shock as she saw that her leathers we growing down her legs towards her feet. She looked to see if the guard was watching her, she sighed in relief that he wasn't and watched as boots began to form around her feet. 

She walked back still feeling woozy and told the guard that the door was shut but to wait on the other side of the guard room. As she walked over to Henri she looked back seeing the guard walk past his post and into the passage that lead to the cellars, thought she would vomit as she looked down and saw her tattoo glowing brightly again. 

She looked at Henri and said, "It is magical and very powerful, where did you get it? I have never seen a sword like that, what is it called?" 

I replied wondering where this was going, "It is called a Katana and the smaller sword is a Wakizashi and the smallest is called a Tanto." 

She asked, wondering if the goddesses had crafted the blade for him, "You said your world has no dwarves or elves so who made that blade?" 

I replied still lost as to why that was important, "We have dwarves but that is just another name for a short human. I could explain the difference between them, but why bother. 

As I told you elves are something from myth, so we humans made them, to be exact the Japanese made them for their samurai, a class of warrior in the past. 

They were said to be some of the finest warriors in the medieval times, skilled in both sword and bow." 

Zilvra smiled at the thought of a human being able to hold up against any elf was preposterous. She had heard that her surface cousins were very skilled with the sword and wanted badly to test her skill against them. She had heard that some humans were good with a bow but how could one of them be better than any elf. 

She said wondering if Henri was holding out on something valuable, "If you have one of those swords then you must be as good as they are to have taken it. That means you must be really good with it, to have killed one of these great warriors and claimed his weapon." 

I said still lost on where she was taking me, "I found it in a shrine, and like I said samurai used to exist, but don't any more. They died out when gun powder became popular." 

Now it was her turn to be lost as she asked, "Then why did you take the sword? How did this gun powder get rid of these samurai? A new weapon doesn't get rid of good warriors, they adjust to the weapon or maybe they weren't as good as you say." 

I replied, "Because, the gun could fire before they could get close enough to hit them with the sword and it could go through armor not to mention that you could train a person to fire a gun in a few weeks and they would be able to kill a highly trained warrior, I wish I could show you, how different my world is and how warriors like them aren't needed anymore." 

Zilvra thought back to when Henri was being beaten and she saw his vision offering, "Maybe you can, remember how I was in your head when Shynta was beating you we just need to recreate that and you can show me. I mean if it worked once we should be able to do it again." 

I nodded and tried to go into my memories, the only thing that came into my mind was the day the 'Mother' died. 

Zilvra closed her eyes and tried to do what had happened before after a few minutes they looked at each other, and she shook her head no. 

We tried again and this time she started to get bits and pieces of the images as she focused, she could not only see but hear what was going on. She looked on in horror at the destruction that 2 A-10's were bringing to the town, when she saw and heard his prayer it dawned on her that she had had seen the same in a dream two days before he infected her. She was taken to the Mt. Iimori and saw the fighting there, she saw the death of 'mother' and everything ended when she saw the flash of light. 

She opened her eyes and asked awestruck, "How have your people tamed dragons?" 

I couldn't hide my smile and of course she glared at me when she saw it and said, "What dragon, I told you dragons don't exists on my planet." 

She asked trying to figure out what she had seen, "Then what was that thing that was flying? Or the dragons that it was fighting?" 

It dawned on me what she was talking about and I said, "That is a flying machine it has a human inside it, we call those airplanes and that type of plane is called an A-10 and the things it was destroying, well the one with the long stick out the front was a tank and the other was something that carries people like that horseless carriage you saw in my other dream just bigger." 

She wondered if she had been taught incorrectly and asked, "Why did you call that man 'mother' I thought that was the word for the woman who gives birth to a child?" 

I elaborated, "We called him 'mother' because he was always protecting the new people, like a mother protects a child." 

She said in shock, "Human mothers protect their children no wonder you are so weak. Here if you want to be in charge you have to kill your mother and take her power for yourself." 

I asked incredulously, "So, you mean your matron is your mother and if you want to be matron then you have to kill your own mother. Is that why none of you call her mother? And what about your father or should I say fathers in general?" 

She replied, "If you mean the consort who gave my matron me and my sisters, we have a sire and he has no part in raising us, we have no need of such weakness as most males are here." 

I had to ask, "Do you know who your sire is? Have you ever met him?" 

She said in a very uncaring manner, "I don't know who my sire is but the only male that is in this house that is old enough would have to be Alak. He can't be my sire because he is very weak for a male, so my sire must be from another house. Enough of this, can you show me these samurai who used your fine sword." 

I wasn't really sure if I could and explained, "I can but they would be images from movies, photographs and paintings. Samurai haven't existed for over 100 years on my planet. To you that is nothing but to us that is a long time. I mean our bodies can last about 125 years max." 

I focused on movies such a Ran, the 7 samurai, Zatoichi to give her some idea what they looked like and how they fought. 

She asked sounding very excited, "Can you fight like them at all?" 

I finally understood what she wanted and said, "I studied Niten-ryu a type of sword play, but that was 12 years ago I am sure that I can still remember some of the things I learned in Kendo, Iaido, but the first thing you would need to learn is how to fight without the sword. Why?" 

She said sounding like a kid with a new toy, "I want to see this style for myself and see if it can be useful. Can you make those swords like you have?" 

I knew how but I had never worked metal and replied, "I know how they are made but I am no swordsmith, you are serious about learning, aren't you?" 

The wheels turning in her head as she said, "We have a swordsmith here, what would he need? I have seen your sword and I can say that it is finely crafted, if I can get one crafted then I want to use such a fine blade." 

I wasn't Japanese and shouldn't have cared but something about her with such a sword made me say, "You can't just pick up a katana and use it, there is more to it than that. 

I won't help you if all you want is a sword, you have those, the katana and wakizashi were considered the soul of a samurai. You would have to honor your swords and write your bushido, you don't walk that path for a sword. 

I think it would be better if you forgot about it, I mean your people have no honor and that alone would insult my teachers let alone the spirits of the samurai who worked to perfect the art of the sword." 

Zilvra was not pleased at hearing me say no, she clearly wanted to learn, but I was not going to budge and inch on teaching her or helping her make those types of swords, I am sure they could make something that looked like it and she would be happy. 

Looking for and angle to exploit she asked, "Why did you study those things?" 

I could see she wanted this badly and would use every trick in the book and said, "I grew up as a foreigner and when I was in school the other children would bully me because I was different from my Japanese classmates. One day I came home beaten up pretty bad and my mother dragged me to a dojo, a place to learn self-defense. 

After about a year of studying I enjoyed training my mind, body and soul, I would use what I learned to block out the crap I was getting in school. 

The more I learned the more I wanted to know, I always respected the customs that came with it. My knowledge of martial arts has kept me alive, I can shut the pain out from your sisters' beatings 

You want power and to be strong, that is not what the martial arts and that is not what a samurai would want, if called on he or she would have to be and they accepted that, hell the word samurai means to serve so who are you serving by going after this; family, friends, loved ones?" 

She thought for a second seeing that this was important to me and said, "You saw how my life has been, if I studied that way of fighting then it would make them plot more carefully. 

You have seen Belar, she is a better swordswomen then me, she is trained as a Bladesinger that is our top school of swordplay, and if your style of fighting can help me beat her then it would be worth it. 

I will follow your ways if it means that you will teach me, Belar knows she can take me in a fight and it is only a matter of time before she comes for me. Right now I live by not being an ally to any of them, now I am her ally and I need to be ready for that starting now." 

I will follow your ways if it means that you will teach me, Belar knows she can take me in a fight and it is only a matter of time before she comes for me. 

Right now I live by not being an ally to any of them, now I am her ally and I need to be ready for that starting now." 

I knew I would regret it but she did have a point about her sister who was now my ally, I said, "Fine, if you follow my teachings then I'll help them make your swords. If Belar is right then I will be getting out of here soon and I will train you then." 

Zilvra agreed and thought it was best if we avoided each other for a few days or people might think she is plotting something with me. 

In the days that followed Zilvra's sisters visited me and repeated their previous abuse, I had had enough and wanted to get a little revenge but something was off about Shynta. 

She would prick me with a dart and then beat me but afterwards she would rub some ointment on my body which healed the injuries she had inflicted. It was like she was trying to seduce me after beating me which was fucked up on so many levels. After a couple of days she changed tactics, this time when I felt the dart I got sleepy and fell asleep, when I awoke I was chained prone on the bed and very naked, with Shynta and her two stooges standing over me. I watched in horror unable to move as Shynta stripped before me, god she had an incredible body, lithe like Rila Fukashima from the Wolverine movie but more tone. I didn't want to admit it but if she was thinking what I thought she was thinking, I did want it. 

She turned to one of her sisters, said something, and was given an oil by her minions opened the vial and poured it into her hands before stroking my member. I started to get hard, but worse than that I wanted to do all three of them as she stroked me slowly her eyes never leaving mine. I was thrusting into her hand as she looked down at me with a smile that should have told me what was coming. She worked me to a the verge of ecstasy before stopping, getting dressed and walking out laughing as I let loose with a profane tirade that would have made a sailor proud, but only made her happier. 

She continued this new torture two more times enjoying the effect she was having on me. That all changed when she came to my cell for what I thought would be yet another frustration filled affair. After the dart that weakened me she beat me like she had in the past and applied that ointment to my back, when she finished I felt a dart hit my ass and fell asleep. When I awoke I was chained prone and of course naked, my thought was that she was going to do both. Instead she took out a scroll, unrolled it and began reading, when she finished she touched her chest. 

She stripped and for the first time she straddled my stomach with her nude form looked me in the eyes and said, "I know you can understand me, that scroll had the spell tongues on it so we can talk at last." 

I asked worried where this was going, "What do you want?" 

The smile she gave me had me feeling very fearful as she said trying to sound sexy and making it work, "Isn't it obvious? I want you, all of you, not just your obedience but your everything. 

I can make all of this stop if you are mine all mine. 

I will give you a small gift of what you can expect with me as your mistress." 

Her hand slid down to my significant other as she worked it slowly taking me back to her previous tortures. Once I was hard she stopped and pressed her body forward until her nipples touched the bare flesh of my chest. She could feel my warmth against her ass. She decided to test it and see just what my reaction would be. I felt her shift her hips and slide down so that her sex rubbed the base of my shaft, it was like she was giving me a lap dance. She pulled herself in tight against my hips and started to grind herself on me. All the while her hips slowly gyrated against me and I felt her wetness spread. She ground harder against my stiffness, this excited her as she felt it at her opening then she lifted herself up and lowered onto me. 
