 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 92: Lost and Found

The pregnant drow's lips thinned in annoyance and worry. Then the expression was gone, back to coolly distant. "Ashyr left to find you," Selene answered Caleldir's question flatly. "She left about when I did last cycle, and has not yet been back to hear about where you were sold. I don't know what happened, or if it was on purpose or not, but we haven't been able to contact her." 

"That... that is not good," Caleldir said through clenched teeth. "We will need to find her. And soon." Could she have run into Varas? He hoped not. Damnation. He should have told Selene about the Mercenary at the party. Not that that would have stopped Ashyr if she had been gone before that.

Selene insisted that they not stay long in the pocket dimension. Risa was not happy that she could not show off more than a split second of her carefully constructed pocket dimension to her new 'Mistress', but she was used to following Selene's orders. So, sighing a bit, the A.I. ushered them through a courtyard in her domain to the portal back to Sornamal. All Jhul'une would be able to see would be tiled floor, a fountain, a fancy drow-ish house around them, and a starry night sky. Then, they were out into Sornamal's living room. The regal male sat on a comfortable chair with a worn book in his hand. He merely glanced up when he was joined by his daughter and the people she brought with her.

"Is the Matron back yet?" Selene asked immediately.

"No," came the male's curt reply. There was annoyance on his features as well, which was also quickly smoothed and calmed into passive concentration. Then he spotted Jhul and recognized her for who she was. He stood. "Come. Sit. I will have something prepared for you." He rang a bell. Fucking appeared almost instantly. The goblin assessed the situation with his beady little eyes, then ran back to the kitchen to start preparations without being told what to do. The little creature was thriving in his environment, that much was clear. 

"Good to see you again, Sornamal," Caleldir said, pushing his worry about Ashyr temporarily to the back of his mind. "I am back. And I brought a new ally."

Jhul nodded, then sat, as did Selene. Both females stared at each other from across the room: calculating, planning. 

"Go ahead and tell them the story, pet," Jhul said without tearing her eyes away from Selene.

Caleldir drew a deep breath. "Well... how to say this..." 

He sat down heavily on another chair. Glancing over at Sornamal, he hesitated, before shaking his head and carrying on. 

Selene stifled her urge to sit on top of Caleldir when he finally sat down on one of the chairs in the room. No. Forget that. She wanted to drag him into her bedroom and show him just how much she missed him. But there was still that obstacle of Caleldir technically being Jhul's property. And with Ashyr gone not even gods knew where...

The pregnant drow sighed softly. At least she would find out what had happened to Caleldir the cycle before...

"The current matron of House Dinoryn is a madwoman," Caleldir finally began.

Tsabdrin appeared at the doorway to listen. He was quiet as well and didn't look pleased to hear the news.

"She learned that Jhul'une was growing too fond of me and decided that the most rational way to deal with this would be to show Jhul'une that I was nothing special. That I was just a cock to be rode on, nothing more. To do this, she attacked us both while we were in bed and restrained the two of us. She tied me to a table in the great hall and instructed every attractive female in the tower that they would be allowed to have sex with me. She told them that I was prime, powerful breeding stock, and forced a potion of virility on me. So, all last cycle I spent tied to a table being ridden by something like two hundred women. With that virility potion on me, I am afraid that it is likely I fathered far more than a hundred children." Caleldir's tone was low, quick, and ashamed.

Risa looked stunned, then noticeably pleased, then stifled that look for one of concern. But it was clear that the AI was happy about at least one thing. 'Far more than a hundred children'? That was a very good start for Deusterra being reborn.

When he was done telling his story, Selene very much wished that she had never found out. Sort of. Her jaw clenched, and astronomical anger flashed in her crimson eyes. For a moment, it looked as if she was going to stand up and go lay waste to everything the Dinoryn matron had. She trembled with the urge to make it so. That moment was so very much not the time. 

"I cannot say that I am surprised at this. Dinoryn has been showing signs of collapse since your mother took over, Jhul'une," Sornamal commented while his daughter was clearly too distraught to do so herself. "When Ashyr returns, she will speak to you about what she wants to do next. None of us here can make any promises. I will say that an Academy under your rule would be much more worth my time than one under your mother's." And that was as much support as he was at liberty to give.

"I thank you, Sornamal Llktahril," Jhul'une responded with more respect than a female would normally show when addressing a male.

"I thought the same thing, after observing the workings of it," Caleldir agreed. "We can say this for your mother: she was onto something with how I was likely to influence you. As I watched the administration of that school, I came to the conclusion that it would be for the best if the woman was to retire early and leave the place to you. And was willing to work with you to offer incentives to cause such a retirement, if you agreed to help with the recapture of Duskhaven. As things turned out, she moved up the timeline a bit. To put it mildly." He sighed, then continued gloomily. "I have no idea what effect my progeny will have on the Underdark, spread so broadly."

"It will vastly improve the place, I can tell you that," Risa interjected with barely concealed glee. "Ooh yes, I will be quite busy." The AI happily muttered that last sentence to herself, before affecting concern again, which drew a sigh from Caleldir. 

"About the reaction I expected from you," he said grouchily. From both of them. And where was Ashyr?

Jhul's calculating eyes flashed back towards Selene. She noted how the information had affected the Duskhaven drow. It was time to be gone. Jhul needed some time alone anyway, after the past couple of cycles she had. She stood, which caused the other drow to get to their feet. "I will negotiate with Ashyr over ownership of Caleldir when she returns. For now, I give you, Selene, temporary access to him while I am under your protection. And Caleldir, I give you access to use your servant, Risa, as you please." That would have to suffice for that moment. Jhul wasn't about to give up a good deal of the leverage she had.

Caleldir bowed a bit when Jhul'une gave Selene temporary access to him, then quirked his eyebrow when she said the thing about Risa. The AI giggled, then spoke to him in Deusterran. "Yes. As 'you' please, Master Librarian. Not as I please, of course. Which is just as well, because I am feeling very frisky right now. If the others were not around, I would be wanting to cleanse your body of those women with my own. Over and over."

"I know the types of porn you read," Caleldir said dryly in the same language. "I know that you are very turned on right now imagining me being gangbanged, and are ecstatic about the current guarantee that my line cannot die out. Now is not the time for that." 

"He will be cleansed by me or my cousin first," Selene said in slightly broken Deusterran through clenched teeth. She was not being playful. The only emotions in her expression were that of anger and of possessiveness.

Risa looked a bit chastised and crestfallen. "Ashyr is still alive," she muttered. "The spell on her holds: anything that could harm her would have ported her to my ethereal holding space. And if she was in another sort of trouble, she should be able to simply dismiss that shielding spell on her. I think she does not want to be found right now." Which was why the AI was not worried about Ashyr. But she was aware that her particular reactions to things were alien by the standards of these folks, and so restrained herself once more.

Caleldir shifted the conversation back to undercommon. "This has been draining and distressing, and I am more than a little torn up about it, but for the moment we need Ashyr. Any idea of how to find her?"

"Still nothing, brother?" Selene asked Tsabdrin, who was still leaning against the doorframe. His return was the reason she wanted to get to her father's domicile quickly rather than stay in Risa's domain. 

The Duskhaven male looked worried, angry, and incredibly exhausted. "No. I searched where she said she was going. I found a room and a bit of a trail. But it vanished. I have no idea where she could have gone. I do know that there was some mysterious person who captured Caleldir. No idea who they are -- not even whether they're male or female. I also heard rumors of what happened to Caleldir, though his name was never mentioned. So that's out now."

"Varas," Caleldir said quietly. "Or Vlondae, as he-she sometimes goes by. An extremely powerful mercenary. I do not know if they are male or female either. Only that they are powerful. Possibly a Green Dragon. I hope that Ashur did not run into them. She... she would have no chance. Oh, curse it all! I should have told you about that thrice-damned mercenary at the party! How could I have forgotten? And now Ashyr might be..." he trailed off, looking miserable.

The drow in the room all looked distressed about that news. Even Sornamal, in his own way.

"That would not have saved Ashyr since she left before Selene left to go to Dinoryn," the old Arcanist said quietly. "And we do not know if this... possible Green Dragon got to her. She is still alive, though. We know that. And she is prone to disappearing."

Caleldir let out a long, ragged breath. "So... what other rumors are there? Just of... the 'party'? None of Goelon, yet?" There should not be. That had just happened. Would be all over the place soon, though. "I want Risa to be right, that there is nothing to be worried about, that but-"

"But you fear that someone is disrupting my ability to scry her like that same someone did with you," Risa interjected. "I will work with the Magister to find her. But, as I said, she had a shielding spell on her anyway. It could be that she is still just hidden because she does not want to be found."

"Rumors about the party, not about your alter ego," Tsabdrin confirmed. The talk about that would soon come, though. That had been quite the exit, and it affected many who had 'known' Caleldir.

"Anyway, we're out of ideas other than 'more research is necessary,'" Selene told Caleldir in a tight voice. "We have no idea where to look or how to find her. She went out in a rather epic level disguise that made her quite forgettable and shielded from divination. Asking around hasn't been helping. We are all tired and frustrated."

"I think Varas is our best bet," Caleldir said in frustration. "We have to find the mercenary"

"Everyone needs a bit of rest, I think," Sornamal said to the room. "You will not be able to find this 'Varas' as you are now. Perhaps you all should retire to the pocket dimension? I will continue to see what I can do to find Ashyr. I may be able to come up with something, especially with Risa's help. I'm afraid that the rest of you are all too unskilled to be of much help."

"Rest," Risa agreed as she glided over to Sornamal, leaving a portal to her pocket dimension open behind her. "In case it is not Varas, we should go over the list of mages here that would have reason to capture Ashyr, and the ability to shield her from scrying..." 

And they were gone. Caleldir turned to the others. "Sornamal is right. We should get some rest. Jhul'une. If you want, you can sleep in Risa's pocket dimension. It is quite restful."

No one seemed to want to argue with the older drow or Risa; they were exhausted, and they would not be very useful for finding Ashyr in that condition. Jhul consented to stay within Risa's dimension. Tsabdrin volunteered to show her to one of the guest rooms. Really, it was the best place for the uprooted Dinoryn. Risa's security systems would keep an eye out for treachery.

"We have an ex-consort around here somewhere. -Not my father, a different one." Selene said just before her brother led their guest away. "If you dislike an empty bed, we can send him to you."

Jhul inclined her head. "I might take you up on that offer." She looked very tempted, in fact. She'd been recently tied up and made to watch droves of people satisfy themselves while not being able to have her own satisfaction. With that humiliation came enormous amounts of sexual frustration. Caleldir would have been her first choice to satisfy her needs... but, in her current precarious position, it just seemed wiser for her to let Duskhaven get reacquainted with their future Consort. 

Once Tsabdrin and Jhul'une went their separate ways, Selene finally took Caleldir by the hand and walked with him to their bedroom inside the pocket dimension.

"Wait, another ex-consort?" Caleldir asked in mild confusion. "Who... who would that be?" Some new guy, it seemed. Not that it mattered that much. It was nice to have more allies, but he would have liked to have known about them. 

R.I.S.A. answered his question when he stepped through the portal hand-in-hand with Selene. "A handsome fellow that Ashyr helped doom awhile ago," She said simply. "She decided to atone for her past by giving him a place to stay."

Caleldir blinked. "Okay then. Good to know that Ashyr's conscience is asserting itself. I just wish she were around to tell the story. Or you can, Selene. If you would like. Probably have other things on your mind at the moment."

"Honestly I don't know much about why he's here," Selene responded with a careless shrug as she made her way through the grand halls of the dimension's house toward the bedroom. "He just showed up at the estate with Ashyr on the day you left. A few decades back, Ashyr interfered with him illegally. He must have fled the House. I never had much to do with that particular family. They moved in different circles. Anyway, Ashyr spent time with him since he came here, but I never touched him."

"I did not ask if you had touched him or not, but that is nice to know," Caleldir replied. "Although, I cannot really judge you for doing so. Eternity knows that I had way more sex than I ever wanted." Way more. 

"I was only explaining why I do not know much about him." She responded. Caleldir seemed to be making a bigger deal about whether she bedded the ex-consort than she meant it to be. 

Momentarily, Caleldir realized that he and Selene were talking past each other again. He had made a quick assumption based on his cultural background that made no sense based on hers. Ah, well. Oh well. No sense fussing about that. Even if it was a distraction from what he did want to fuss about.

"I am sorry for... that having happened. There was nothing I could do. And now..." He sighed. "Now there is a small army of women likely pregnant with my children, and I am completely torn. I wanted to know and help raise my offspring, Now..." he trailed off sadly.

Selene didn't know the words that could respond to his despair. She did know what it made her want to do. She pulled him into their bedroom, only to push him into the wall right next to the door. Then her lips pressed against his, demanding, dominant. Words could be exchanged later.

Caleldir melted a bit. He felt torn. On one hand, after yesterday, he was a little scarred about sex. On the other hand, he craved Selene's touch as the sort of 'purifying' that Risa was talking about. Speaking of which, the A.I.'s internal avatars had disappeared.

For the moment, Caleldir just melted into Selene's kiss, not really able to formulate a response of his own.

The kiss was brief as it was passionate and possessive. When Selene pulled away, there was anger in her expression. Not at Caleldir, though it could have been interpreted as such. "I will destroy Iiv'lua for what she did to you," she promised with a voice shaking with emotion that she had worked so hard to stifle and distract herself from before that moment. "And the others... I will make them pay for the part they had in it. They are not worthy of your offspring."

Caleldir was momentarily taken aback by her fury until he realized that it was not actually directed at him. Then he seemed slightly relieved. Before returning to concerned. "Selene, I... I do not want you to harm those women. Iiv'lua, well, she needs to be taken out. Those others, I... I do not want my children to be harmed. Even if their mothers took them by force." He did not mention that, until recently, Selene herself had been no better. The daughter she now bore had been conceived in almost identical circumstances. Except vastly smaller in scale.

"Iiv'lua will be harmed. Quite severely," Selene insisted. "And for a very long time." There was no child of Caleldir's in her belly to prevent that from happening. "Those who caught from you..." She huffed and began to pull him towards the bed, where she sat down heavily. "We'll jail them and set them free after they give us your offspring." No, it didn't sound like a very reasonable solution. Selene wasn't feeling particularly reasonable.

Despite the sheer inappropriateness of the topic, Caleldir almost laughed at Selene's declaration. He slid onto the bed next to her and put his arm around her waist. "We would have to be the unchallenged ruler of the Underdark to do that, my love." He said with black amusement. "Perhaps we should not think too much about the past right now. Instead, we have each other."

"They shouldn't be allowed to keep and raise your children," Selene insisted. "They'll do it wrong!" It was clear that it was a subject that would be hard for her to just let go. She slid into his lap and looked very unhappy indeed. "And they'll find out that they're not normal. Drow are a xenophobic lot. Some of the mothers will abandon them. Or worse. We have to get them away."

"I agree," Caleldir said gloomily. "I have no idea how many of them they will raise to be... well... drow, for lack of a better term. No offense intended, but your culture is dysfunctional." He sighed. "As for abandoning them or worse, I do not think that will be the case. Outwardly, they will look like idealized drow. The faerie traits they all knew before they conceived since that was advertised knowledge about me. What other traits could they manifest to cause them to be abandoned? I changed my genetics to a drow phenotype, after all. They will not look mixed race." He seemed very worried. He really, really did not want to have a number of his children abandoned to the Underdark or slain when he was powerless to stop it.

"Even if they come to terms with those fae traits, fear will lead them to think that they are too powerful. Or they will realize that they don't want to raise a child. Or the number of other reasons why drow mothers abandon their children. It happens all the time. And it happening with even one of yours... it is better to take them all now." Just not very practical. Still, Selene seemed convinced by her words.
