  I want to thank McLovin6787 for his work in helping me edit this.

*****

Disposable Hero 2.3

The Gathering

Escape

When Belar entered the cell block where he was being kept, normally he had one guard escort him to his cell. However after his little display he had four with weapons at the ready, Belar was walking his way and it was apparent to everyone that she was not happy with him. 

She asked reigning in her anger at having her plan ruined, "Just what was that? Are you trying to get yourself killed? All our plans are out the window because of you! How are we going to get Shynta to let her guard down? Now she is going to be even more cautious."

He could see clearly that she was annoyed with me and that I had ruined her plans. Zilvra on the other hand was studying me carefully.

Zilvra finally said sounding dejected, "Belar the bigger problem is what will happen to us for being near him, he is as good as dead so maybe we should focus on cutting our losses, unless you want to take down this house."

Belar knew they wouldn't do anything right away, because she wouldn't and said, "Shynta will wait until after he fights in two days and if he dies in the pit all the better, at least I will make some money off of him, from what I saw I doubt a Blood Sister could best him bare handed and I know he won't face them in the pit."

He countered sarcastically, "Thanks for the vote of confidence. 

So now that the shit has hit the fan in your opinion you will bail on me. I knew that calling either of you allies was a waste of time, so go run and hide, I'll be right here and if need be die with my boots on, but I'm not too worried about that."

Belar must have thought he was all talk when she said, "Do you really think they will let you fight them, they will chain you to the wall and do what they have done before, I'm sure your ass remembers let alone your back and impressive manhood. If you aren't chained up they will just kill you from here safe on the other side of these bars."

The thought of what he had endured at the hands of this family, it set his blood to boil and he said as his anger got the better of him, "You know I am fed up with hiding from any of you, from this day on I am going on the offensive, do you really think that these can stop me." 

He grabbed the chains, braced his feet on the wall, and pulled them as he did he felt a rush of warmth flow through his arms and into the chains as they came off the wall. 

Still feeling this power flowing through him and high on the power said, "You think these bars will keep you safe." 

He grabbed the cell door and lifted it off its pins and tossed it to the floor, he walked out and looked a terrified Belar in the eye and said, "Maybe they will use magic on me." 

He walked over to the wall that had wards on it and put his hand on the wall and felt a wave of energy like he had been shocked pass through him and to the wall. He felt he could do anything but the looks he got from both of them made him think twice about what had happened. 

Both of them looked at the wall and at him, in a few minutes he had destroyed his cell and removed all the wards on the wall. He could see they were worried for their safety, he could hardly contain myself, whatever had happened to him seemed to respond to what he could picture if he focused and quieted his inner-self. 

He closed his eyes and tried to get a feel for this strange power that they called magic, it had to be that what else could it be? It felt like he was standing on the shore with the waves washing up at his feet and before him was a vast ocean, he understood this power was like that ocean and all he had to do was walk into it. 

He was shaken from his reverie when he heard from one of the two clearly scared women, "How long have you been able to do that?"

It was Zilvra and the edge on her voice was noticeable, as Henri said, "Just now really, I mean when we were sparing it felt like a wall came down and the power was flowing through me, now it is like the air we breathe, the only difference is that I know is it there and can control it a little if I focus, I think. 

What bothers me is I can now feel this energy flowing through the ground and the walls and that is new."

He saw Belar's eyes widen, she knew exactly what he was feeling and he could see she was worried about that, she asked tentatively, "Can you see the magic in people?"

'What', he thought, he couldn't see anything, but from the look Zilvra had given her this was important and said, "No, I just feel it in the walls and floor even the ceiling as well."

Zilvra stood between Henri and Belar signing, *what are you thinking? It takes a training to see auras for us, I can sense them but not see them. Do you really think he can access dark magic like you?*

Belar signed her hands going a mile a minute, *It is clear that he has divine magic, the forming of that thing in the courtyard is proof of that. 

If he can feel the flow it is a matter of time before he can access it and a lay line is not far from here. Why do think this city was built here, all Drow cities are made near ley lines for the very reason that Mithril is formed there. 

You just saw what he can do with that divine magic, could you imagine what would happen if he tapped into a ley line let alone a convergence point, we don't go near those because of the wild magic that flows from it. If he can use magic we may need to use that if we are going to escape from here to the surface, staying is not an option any more. 

We have no choice, Shynta will want to dissect you to see how he did what he did to you and with you out of the way those two will most certainly move against me, so me staying here has put my life in danger. 

Your lack of love for any member of this family kept them in check, Shynta and Mica will gather our other sisters who are little more than pawns for Shynta, the indecision was enough to leave me be and not knowing who would get you to ally with them made it all the better for me. We are out of time and options, I am laying all my cards on the table, so far he has proven to be a loyal ally and this is not our way but I am going to trust him and really what choice do we have?*

Zilvra turned towards Henri, he smiled because he had seen in her mind what she had signed, as she went to speak he cut her off saying, "Thank you, I have no intention of breaking our alliance. 

If we are in that much danger then why not leave now, with Zilvra scouting we can make life rough for them and out there we will have room to maneuver. 

I don't trust you as far as you can throw me, but get me, my weapons and to the surface and I don't care how hard they try I won't be caught and they will pay for trying to, and dearly I might add."

Zilvra and Belar both looked at each other and realized that our connection was still there. He gave them a knowing glance that confirmed it. Belar had other ideas, and asked, "Can you control the connection the two of you have?"

He smirked know he had at least a little and said, "Zilvra, what did you feel from my bet with Belar yesterday?"

She looked at both of us over and over before replying, "Nothing, why?"

Henri looked at Belar and said, "We can block out connection, or at the very least I can block her out. Once I knew she could feel the abuse your lovely sisters dealt out to me I started blocking it."

Belar was contemplating as Zilvra asked, "How do you block it? I don't want you being able to spy on me."

He couldn't argue with that request and tried to explain it clearly, "This is how I did it, I hope it works for you. Close your eyes now block off everything but my voice do you feel that flow pushing at the back of your head? That is our link, I pictured a wall there and now you can't feel any of the things that I do. 

I don't want you to either, I know your sisters will come after me again and this time it might just be fatal so I am trying to find ways to sever our connection, if they come to kill me, I don't want you to get hurt because of it. 

Before you argue with me just know I won't stop till you are free of this."

As Belar, Henri and Zilvra continued to discuss things, Shynta listened in from the shadows, she had long considered Belar a nonfactor because she could not get anybody to ally with her in any power moves and figured she would keep from making trouble to cover her own ass. 

Now, she had Henri as an ally and after all what they had done she felt a little betrayed but even more aroused by the thought of him trying to kill her. She wondered what all he was capable of? 

She wondered how Belar had gotten him as an ally and now wondered how dangerous Belar had become she even wondered how getting Belar pregnant would play out, she knew from her own children that Belar would know she was with child in about a week. 

From what she saw from Henri she was almost certain that Belar's child would be a very powerful magic user and would be taken and trained as a priestess of Lloth if she had a girl if she had a boy he would go to the tower and would one day be the Archmage, because of how powerful Henri's aura seemed, this did not sit well with her. 

Shynta thought about catching herself and carrying his child, as a mother she remembered communing with her son before his birth and the spike in her abilities before he was born, she wondered what such a communion would get her if it was Henri's, she felt a burning in her loins at the thought.

Shynta heard the discussion dying out and headed out, followed by Belar and Zilvra not three minutes later. 

Mica was in her room writing a report for Dirzune as she finished her report she cast the message spell, she wasn't going to risk the message pellets which allowed for two way communication, but could be overheard. As she finished the spell she watched the words disappear from the paper she had written it on. 

She didn't like the thought of waiting to kill the human he was getting more and more dangerous by the day, but she had agreed for two reasons, one if he used his power in the match they would have the help of every female there and as a threat he would pose none, two she wanted to see how far Shynta was willing to go for the human. 

***********

Dirzune had spent the past week going over all of her findings about renewal and together with Rikton they had discovered that they were fairly confident that Henri was indeed the guardian, this was rendered moot when she read Micarylafay's report, and they both discussed the impact of not only his powers but him being the guardian on their society as a whole. 

They had uncovered that a forces greater than Lloth, were the ones that had brought Henri here, these great creators had power that went beyond Lloth. 

This was especially tough for Dirzune to accept, she had dedicated her life to serving Lloth and accumulating power and now she was looking at the fact that even her goddess answered to more powerful beings. 

She turned to Rikton and said truly concerned, "What shall we do? If they kill him then we are all dead. If we tip our hand we may find ourselves before the altar for defying Lloth. What I really I don't like is, what will the greater goddesses do to us for that? I don't like this one bit and wish he had never come here."

Rikton had never spent so much time with Dirzune and was enjoying every minute of it, he offered the only logical solution, "He has to get out of the Foreverdark and to the gate that the Mountain Dwarves have built, he is as good as dead here. 

I think we should cover our bets and if he goes to the surface we send Tazyrr and Ethevrar'yl with him, our children are not old enough to be of any factor in what is to come and if we are on the losing side then your house will be gone as will mine."

Dirzune didn't like this idea maybe it was her mother's instinct or maybe something more, "You are saying we trust our children to him. If what you fear happens, then what will happen to them?"

He looked at her and was shocked by the motherly comment he had just heard, he offered, "They will be on his world and from what we know they don't know anything about us so they wouldn't be treated poorly. 

Besides I don't think he would hold our crimes against our children, it is not how humans are from my conversations with Alak that is. 

If they proved to be helpful to him, then he would protect them, humans are very protective of children from Alak's reports."

She looked at him and couldn't believe he was thinking of doing that, she asked knowing how difficult her children can be, "How would you get them to listen to him, Tazyrr might because Henri is a male and Tazyrr is still very young, but Ethe is two years from completing her studies, she will never listen to a male she is very head strong."

He responded with an option he didn't like, "We can put a compulsion on her, the kind that will fade away in 10 years or so." 

Dirzune didn't like the thought of putting a compulsion on her daughter but knew Rikton had a point, compulsions tended to weaken whoever had such a thing on them and weakening of her daughter was like weakening her house and that was unacceptable. 

One idea that did run through her head briefly was going with them to the surface and leaving all together, she had a very bad feeling about renewal and had since she first heard the stories as a little girl over 350 years ago, something about them didn't sit right with her and now that voice was starting to scream at her. 

She put Rikton's plan on the back burner and waited for more information before making a move, she did however make one move she went to meet with Shrilara to have them get in place to strike house Hla'ath if needed to protect Henri and to gather more information, upon returning she talked briefly with Rikton before turning in.

***********

That evening as all of Intra'minynda went into reverie Lloth's dreamscape started as all loyal worshipers saw Henri with three huge spiders standing with their backs to him between himself and many Drowesses, as one Drowess tried to walk past she was attacked by the spiders and ripped to shreds. 

*********** 

In Dirzune's dream she saw herself standing in front of Henri like she was protecting him, when she looked to her right she saw two large spiders and as a Drowess tried to walk past the two huge spiders they attacked and ripped the Drowess to shreds. 

***********

In the empresses chamber she was communing with Lloth who was instructing her to get Dark Sister ready for war and to bolster them by any means possible. 

She instructed her to start corrupting her own priestesses except for Dirzune, who was going to be her champion, she should strip all power from her and take direct control of her subordinates. 

She ordered her pet to bring her own half demon to the alter room and feed her like she was her daughter's sire. 

With that Lloth slipped back into her plain and started the engines of war the time was almost at hand and she smiled as her long awaited revenge was close. 

Her best chance at victory was to siege the gate if Henri chose to go to the surface and prevent the surface races from going through at all costs, she understood that her daughter's children would be no match for her forces without help but steps needed to be taken for that as well.

***********

On the moon sits a woman with flowing red hair that curled from her ears down, her white wings tucked behind her, her sobs could be heard as she watched Earth and the ongoing wars, struggles of people trying to get enough to eat, shelter from the cold and medical care to stave off diseases which hadn't been seen in centuries. 

Behind her another angel walked out of a ripple that formed from transit space, tucking his black wings behind him. 

In contrast to the woman before him who anyone could clearly tell was a woman, this man was more androgynous, his long black hair only added to that, his gray eyes sparkled with intelligence. 

As he walked up he put his dainty hand on her shoulder and said, "Watching your children again?"

She spoke in a measured tone clearly annoyed with the person speaking saying, "What do you want Lucifer? I am in no mood for your games."

Lucifer perked and eyebrow and replied, "When have I played a game that you could not win my dear Gabriella?"

She sighed clearly more annoyed, "You never have, but why is that you never speak your mind, I am your sister after all and stop calling them my children, it isn't funny."

He loved teasing his sister and like any brother wasn't going to stop now and replied, "I call them your children because you watch over them like a mother would. If our mother loved her creations like you do them, you would never do anything and father would be very unhappy."

She dried her eyes and asked imploring, "Why does father hate them so? What have they done to deserve this?" she pointed to the screen she was watching, all the horrors that man can bring upon itself.

He said bluntly in a voice that said more than he was, "He doesn't hate them, in fact he loves them deeply, and they will grow far beyond their own home and seed life across the universe. 

They must be made of stronger stuff because of their home and the coming conjunction, which is why."

She looked at him with her emerald green eyes and said coldly, "This is your doing, isn't it?"

He loved how protective his sister was and knew her choosing to be a woman was the right choice.

He replied stoically, "Yes, it was, they must choose a future, will they go to the stars or will they walk back into the darkness. 

I told mother that they would split and some would go to the stars and some would stay."

She wasn't happy with his answer, but dropped that line of questioning and said, "You still haven't answered my question. Why are you hear? And what do you want?"

Lucifer had nearly forgotten and said, "I came to tell you the keeper has synergized with the codex and you know what that means."

She knew that meant she would need to be ready to meet his duties, the codex bound her to work with him. 

This meant that when he opened the gate to earth for the conjunction she would open the other gates. 

She knew this meant at some point she would have to show herself to Henri. As she pondered the gravity of this development, she opened a screen before her and saw Henri sitting in a cell with Drow around him. 

She asked, "What has he done to be in their hands? Has he angered father to earn this fate?"

He just sighed and said, "The Drowess, Eilistraee asked he be sent to them so he could lead her children as she called them out of the darkness."

She glared at him and said, "I don't trust her, but I guess this is more of your management, isn't it?" 

He shook his head no and before he could say anything she said, "Brother, the fates answer to you and I know you have seen what might transpire, so tell me the truth, can I trust her, can he trust her?"

Lucifer said knowing his sister would worry over this one human, "Dear sister, her mother is very cunning and worthy foe, but the only way she can stay in power is to crash the gate on the surface or hit her daughters' children on the surface before they go to renewal. 

If Eilistraee still has the bulk of her followers or the gate remains open on the surface then Lloth is finished. She has many enemies and they would work together to get rid of her and she knows this. 

So, to answer your question can he trust her, I would say yes. Can he trust those around him, again I say yes. Lloth made a mistake with Dirzune, she has been digging into renewal, plus she has to be open to betrayal as Lloth's inquisitor. 

She will find the prediction of her goddesses death, so when she gets to the surface and learns the fate of their world, she will betray her goddess for the betterment of her people."
