 Thank you to everybody for the comments and e-mails. I am back from my business trip and won't have another until July.

I am looking for a new editor. McLovin6787 is out hurt and this will be the last part he helped work on. His contribution will be missed.

If anybody wants to be my editor then please e-mail me and I will get back to you shortly.

I welcome your feedback so please leave a comment.

*****

The Gathering

Escape

In Zilvra's room she was awoken from her reverie by the sound of Shynta talking to Mica about the strange dream they both had and what it meant. She looked around wondering how they got in to her room because she could feel the ward still active, as her eyes focused she didn't see anybody in her room. 

She thought, 'Damn link they are talking to Henri and now I can hear them.'

Listening she heard or thought she heard Shynta saying, "How can we both have the same dream?"

Mica replied, "It was a message from Lloth telling us not to kill him and that three us of are chosen to protect him." 

She also heard what sounded like Mica but like she was whispering saying, *Why would she want him protected? Does that mean I am to protect him from other Drowess'? What would make him that important? Who are his other protectors?* as the voice faded she started to see a vision of Henri standing with his back to a wall and three giant spiders with their backs to him in front of several Drowess' as one tries to walk past the spiders attack and kill the Drowess.

He vision ends as she hears Shynta ask, "Why would Lloth want him protected? Who will be his protectors?" 

Like with Mica again she hears what sounded like Shynta whispering saying, *I am the eldest of this so house I must be one of those protectors and if it is this house then that means Zilvra must be one as well so who is the third, Belar is one choice she has been spending time with him and Zilvra, or would Mica be the other she is a priestess after all.*

Zilvra didn't like the thought of having to protect Henri let alone doing so with either of her sisters, but if she had a choice then she would want Belar, while Shynta was a powerful mage in her own right she couldn't relax around her no matter what. 

The thought of Mica was even worse, Mica was very orthodox, and it was a certainty in Zilvra's mind that Mica and Henri would clash, so how could she protect him. For that fact Shynta wouldn't give up her power over him and he most certainly would continue to defy her and that would lead to fight, so she can't be his protector either. As far as she was concerned it would have to be her, Belar and another Drowess, the vision she saw had no males, so she could rule them out.

Zilvra's thoughts are interrupted when she hears Mica saying, "One thing is certain and that is Zilvra is without a doubt one of his protectors. We have both seen how she has a portion of his aura in her. Look at her door, we can feel the ward from here, her magic has never been that strong, we have both tried to break her ward and we can't. 

If we had the same dream it might mean we are to protect him with her, but I don't think so, Lloth would have put us in front of him not looking at the huge spiders. However, that doesn't mean we can't help, clearly Lloth has a plan for him and as her servants it is our job to get him ready to serve her. 

Let's ask Belar and Zilvra if they had the same vision as we did, if they did then Lloth has not chosen his protectors and if they have had different visions then we are not chosen for that role."

Zilvra's mind was racing, he had done something to her and now her aura was different, she knew she had changed physically but now it seemed part of him was changing her more, and why was she able to hear them so clearly when she can't cast scrying spells at all, so how can she hear them. 

Zilvra dressed quickly and headed out hoping to catch her sisters as she let down her ward she heard, "She is coming out let's ask her about her vision." 

She opened her door and walked out as she approached she heard Shynta whispering, *her aura is different, not a wild as it was before, what has changed.* Zilvra noticed she didn't see her lips move, yet she clearly heard her whispering, thinking nothing of it she went to walk past her sisters.

Mica asked her, "Zilvra did you have a dream last night about Henri?"

She looked at her sister trying to read her and asked, "Why would I have a dream about him?"

Mica looked at her and asked displeased, "Did you see him with anybody in your dreams?"

Zilvra heard Mica whispering, *She is playing stupid or she is afraid to tell us she is one of his protectors.* Zilvra looked at her sister and again she didn't see her lips move. She wondered if she was reading their minds or if this was Henri's doing and she was picking it up from their link. 

Trying not to freak out from what was going on she said, "I saw him standing behind me as I killed Shynta with others watching, next I saw the surface and how noisy it is. Why?" She couldn't hide her smile as she added that to the mix just to fuck with her sister. 

As she said that she heard Shynta whispering, *Does Lloth wish me dead? Is that why she gave her that vision, I will have to be on my guard. Why would Lloth want him on the surface?*

Shynta was visibly shaken when she asked, "Did you see any others with you?"

Zilvra could feel the anxiety from them wrapping around her like a blanket, she felt uncomfortable and said, "I was messing with you, Shynta I didn't see myself killing you relax, and I added that as my own dream."

Shynta's eyes flashed red in anger and embarrassment and was about to speak when Mica said, "Let's go see if Belar had the same dream, we need to figure out what is happening. One thing is certain, we cannot kill him, that much is clear and if I were to guess this house is to protect him."

Zilvra sighed in relief that he had been saved by of all people Lloth, and it appeared that she was to protect him. While she knew he wanted out of the darkness just as bad as she did, she wasn't sure she wanted her fate tied to his. If she told the truth that she had no such dream, what would that mean? In truth she hadn't prayed to Lloth in over a century and a half, she blamed the goddess for the short comings of her people, she also knew that Mica would turn her in to Dirzune for inquisition and in all likely hood to the alter as a sacrifice.

As they were heading towards Belar's room they found her heading towards the stairs leading to Henri's cell. Shynta stopped her and started asking her if she had a dream about Henri just like she had with Zilvra. 

Zilvra thought quickly and standing behind both Mica and Shynta, she had a clear view without being seen so she signed, *Tell them in your dream you were standing between Henri and them or Mica will have you on the altar.* 

Belar told them just that and when they asked if other Drowess' were there she saw Zilvra nod out of the corner of her eye and said yes. Belar demanded to know what was going on and why it was important. 

They explained as Zilvra heard that whispering coming from Shynta saying, *did she get chosen because I gave her a fertility draught? And now she is carrying Henri's child.* Zilvra had no idea how to handle this information, she was certain the Belar would not keep Henri's child, most half-breeds were killed long before they were birthed the only ones that were kept were the half-demon males. 

The thing that disturbed her even more was that she didn't see Shynta saying anything, Zilvra hopped beyond all hope that this was part of Henri's link and she was just listening to him. If not her very life was in even grater danger. No this must be her link with Henri, like how he understood Drow when she was around. She clinged to that thought and hope like condemned man to a pardon.

They talked about going down and seeing Henri and seeing if Lloth had given him a vision, they all agreed it was unlikely, but they would ask. 

What did Mica mean by they had other roles? Would being his protector also protect her from them? Why was she hearing more and more people whispering? Her unwillingness to accept the truth had her believing that Henri's powers that powerful.

As she headed down the stairs to Henri's cell, as they entered the hall where his sword was kept she saw both Shynta and Mica wince in pain but she didn't see Belar wince at all. Was this more proof they were chosen? As they entered the block that Henri's cell was in they could see that he had put the door back on his cell, but he hadn't put a ward back up or put the chains back on the wall. 

The sight of the chains pulled off the wall left both Shynta and Mica feeling uncomfortable and was compounded by the look they got when they entered.

When Henri saw Zilvra and Belar walking in with Shynta and Mica he felt betrayed by them. He kind of half expected Belar to betray him at some point but Zilvra he was certain was nothing like those three.

Henri glared at Shynta and said coldly, "What brings you here? Let me guess four of you one of me that means you must have those darts with you." He turned round and pointed to the chains they had kept him chained up to when they wanted to have their way with him and said, "As you can see you won't be able to chain me up and beat me like the other times. I know maybe you want to come in here and we can find out what your death face looks like."

Shynta felt that fire down below every time he challenged her and was about to speak when Mica cut her off saying, "We haven't come here to fight or even to hurt you. We have questions that you might be able to answer, if you answer them then nothing will happen to you, don't and we will have no choice but to use other methods and you have seen some of our methods, so wouldn't answering our questions be easier?"

Henri smirked knowing the first one that came in the door was the first to die and said, "Sure, I'll bite. What do you want to know?"

Mica asked wondering if he had any say in his champions, "If you had to choose three of our people to protect you who would you choose?"

He looked at her like she had been smoking crack and said, "Why would I want or need three of you to protect me?"

Mica replied knowing he was going to be obstinate, "For example, if the leaders of this city wanted you dead and you needed three of us to escort you out of this city who would you choose?"

Henri replied wondering when she was going to make her point, "If I had to choose three then I would choose the two behind you and Alak."

Mica looked puzzled she had never considered that a male could be chosen she asked, "Why would you choose those three and not me or any of my other sisters?"

He didn't know what this information was going to be used for, he looked to Zilvra for advice she just shrugged. 

Henri said, "I would choose Alak because he knows how to get to the surface, Zilvra because she knows this area and Belar because I don't know any others except for Dirzune and the guards, so I can eliminate the others for that reason. 

I wouldn't choose you and your remaining sisters because I would snap Shynta's neck the second I was out of this cell and after her would follow you and the rest of your sisters. Do you think I have forgotten the beatings and rapes I took at your hands? I will never forgive you for that. If I had the power I would wipe your kind off the face of this planet. If I had a choice I wouldn't take any of you. 

Had I known then what I know now Zilvra would be dead and those Dwarves would be alive today, hell I would have gladly helped them."

Mica knew what he said was true, she remembered what Alak had said about humans being big on forgiveness.

Wanting to test this she asked "It is true we have done things that seem bad to you. What can we do to make up for that? Besides dying of course."

Henri said looking for the trap in her words, "Nothing, I was never big on forgiveness in the first place. I know what you can do and I will forget all about the shit you and your sisters did to me and that is let me go to the surface and I might forgive you. Look at this way, you will be rid of me and the weird things I can do that scare the shit out of you."

Mica trying to find anything to build from said, "I wish I could grant that request, but our goddess wants you here and for some reason wants you to be protected. So that means the house Hla'ath must protect you that includes me and my other sisters. I would also like to know if you have had any visions or dreams about any of us."

Henri looked at her, he could see concern written all over her face. Another religious fool seeing signs from her goddess everywhere and said, "Again, I don't want your protection, hell I don't even want you in my face. I understand that something happened and you are scared shitless, but if you think I will just roll over and play nice, well you've got about twelve other things coming. 

As far as your goddess goes she can go fuck herself for all I care, I told Dirzune and now I'm telling you I will never bow down to your goddess. Just so you understand me correctly, I will gladly die to get my hands on either one of you and well if the other two want in on the fun then I will gladly add to the body count. If you wanted peace my answer is fuck you. If you wanted an ally again fuck you. If you wanted to piss me off then your job is done and so is this retarded ass conversation you can get the fuck out now."

Mica didn't like the way this was going and knew that he held power over them for now and he knew it. 

She said clearly disappointed, "We will go for now but know this, we will be back and I hope you can talk to us normally. I also hope our future exchanges will be more fruitful."

She turned to Shynta and led her out of the cell block leaving Belar and Zilvra to deal with him. As they headed out she explained to Shynta that direct confrontation won't work with Henri. As they walked off they tried to come up with a better plan to get on Henri's good side.

Shynta didn't like the conversation she had just listened in on. She couldn't understand why she wouldn't be chosen or even why he had such hatred for her. She had only treated him like a male is treated, yet he kept fighting how things were done. She knew things wouldn't change and he would never change them so why fight what will never change in her lifetime let alone in his very short one. 

She was certain of one thing and that was how badly she wanted him and even how much she enjoyed giving herself to him that one time. 

That was when it hit her, she would consult Alak who knew the most about humans and even adopt Belar's approach and smiled at the thought.

Mica seeing Shynta smile asked, "What has you smiling after that?"

Shynta turned that demented smile towards her sister and said, "Who knows the most about the surface?"

Mica turned to her sister and tried to figure out where she was going with this and said, "Alak, even Intra and her advisers listen to him about the surface." 

Shynta could tell Mica hadn't figured out what she was up to and said, "So who would have the most information about humans then?"

Mica felt like she was missing something important but couldn't figure out what and said, "Again Alak, but why is that important?"

Shynta realized that Mica had been too busy with her duties as a priestess to know as much as she did about humans. Shynta also knew that if her house was going to protect Henri then she needed Mica and said, "Alak will tell us how to get on Henri's good side, what we have been doing hasn't worked so I am going to do the opposite of what we would normally do and see if that helps. I might even take a page from Belar's book and sleep with him, when he falls for our charms he will give us what we want."

Mica didn't like the thought of sleeping with this dog, but had to admit that Shynta's thinking was sound and said, "I agree on consulting Alak and even doing things very differently, as long as he does not embarrass this house if he does we do things our way."

Shynta was happy to hear that and agreed if Henri did anything that caused the house to lose face he would be disciplined accordingly. As they walked off in the direction of Alak with a plan in hand. 

Meanwhile Belar and Zilvra stood staring at Henri.

Belar felt hurt by his willingness to kill both of them and broke the silence first by asking, "Do you really hate us that much? I haven't broken our agreement and as far as I know Zilvra hasn't either."

Henri was still fuming and snapped, "To be honest, yes I do. What have I gotten from being here but beaten, raped and treated like shit. If you're going to abuse a dog don't be surprised if it always wants to bite you. 

What would you think if yesterday you heard the same people talking about cutting their losses and selling me out and today you see them with the two people that want you at the very least beaten if not dead. It is stupid of me to trust any of you, right!"

Zilvra said unemotionally, "You right, you shouldn't. Trust is something none of us have or can afford. I'm glad to see you are accepting our ways, you might make a fine Drow one day if you live that long. Know this if you ever out live your usefulness to any of us we won't think twice in killing or getting rid of you that is our way, I don't like it but I am not going to say sorry for it either."

He glared at her and said, "Then your people truly are doomed. If no one can trust you then you will have no friends and that just means you will have more enemies with no help, one day when you need an ally and you will find none. That will be the day that your people become part of history and nobody will remember you or any of the things you have done, children will laugh at stories of the dreaded Drow. All your fear and power that you covet will be for naught that is your future."

Belar didn't like that she knew her people had many enemies and if they ever got together and attacked they would be beaten. When Zilvra heard what he said she felt vindicated, she had always believed that their ways were wrong and that all this in fighting and back stabbing was only hurting them. While they both doubted that any one group could defeat them without some form of betrayal from within.

Zilvra said clinically, "I don't doubt that one day that will happen. 

I also know that I alone can't change anything, the more you stick out the more you will become a target. 

That is why I want out of here, I don't want to be a target and I am tired of hiding from what is the truth."

Belar wanted to change the subject and as she went to ask Zilvra why she told her to say what she said about a dream she didn't have. 

Zilvra interrupted saying, "I told you that because both you and I didn't have this dream, I heard Mica and Shynta talking in the hallway this morning and I have overheard everybody in the house talking about that dream and if we said we didn't have that dream, they would know we don't give Lloth her just due and it would be the altar for both of us. 

Although I doubt that now, we have bought ourselves some time at least. Lloth wants Henri for some reason and as his protectors we might have to worry about other things."

As Belar was about to say that she hadn't said anything. 

Zilvra again interrupted saying, "I heard you clear as a bell wondering why I had signed what I signed."

Henri looked at Zilvra and then to Belar who was slack jawed, back to Zilvra and said, "Zilvra, Belar didn't say anything. I am standing right here and I didn't hear her say a word nor did I see her lips move. Are you sure you heard her?"

Zilvra looked at him confused, still denying the truth of what had happened to her and said, "I heard her like I can her that damn guard, wondering what he has to do to get his shot at Belar and her nice ass. 
