 This was submitted without editing so telling me I need an editor is a no brainer. I am still looking for a new editor.

If anybody wants to be my editor then please e-mail me and I will get back to you shortly.

I welcome your feedback so please leave a comment.

*****

The Gathering

Escape

As the weeks passed Henri won fight after fight, if it was bare handed he had no equal the people he fought had never seen such a fighting style and this gave him a huge advantage which he made full use of. 

After a month, he was to fight another orc who this time had a sword in his hand, he thought back to his training and knowledge of martial arts for the fight. The orc knew better then to charge this human so he closed slowly and swung low to keep Henri from him. Henri could clearly see this orc knew how to use his weapon, wasn't going to let Henri get close. Henri knew that he had to bait him into attacking so when he next attacked Henri would faked as if he had hurt himself. 

The orc seeing his victim hurt rushed in and swung the sword over his head going for a powerful swing. That was the moment Henri struck like a snake that had just uncoiled, striking him in the throat with his fist and pulled the legs out from under the stronger orc. 

Being that close Henri got the orc in a reverse choke hold and dropped him as the orc lay unconscious Henri grabbed his neck and broke it unceremoniously. 

The crowd went nuts the Drow watching chanted "human, human, human."

Waiting for the second match between Henri and the guards, this was what many were betting on how many of them would die at his hands. A choirs of boos came from the stands as a lone Drowess came out dressed in the same colors as Henri wore and lead him out of the pit without a single blow being landed. 

Zilvra shook her head as she lead him back to the cart and back home, she saw Belar waiting at the cart with Shynta or should she say Shyntaunlin as she like to be called of late. Zilvra wanted so badly to know what was going on with her sister, but every time she dropped her wall all the voices came rushing in so she left it up.

She wasn't the only one who wanted to know what was going on, Belar was dying to know what had happened to her sister. It wasn't just her name or that stupid braid that she let hang over her right shoulder, but she seemed kinder than before. Over the past month her sister had grown and proved that a slice of kindness could get her more than the whip she had used before. The whip was still there the difference was that now Shynta needed a reason to whip or beat anybody, before one wrong look would have her ready to discipline.

Shynta watched as her master strolled to the cart victorious, she chided herself for doubting her master. As he got closer she felt the heat rising in her body after every fight he would ravage her and she loved every second of it. She was truly happy with their relationship, she was still in power but understood that he was in control and if he ordered her in their safe room she wouldn't think twice.

The ride back was uneventful for Henri and Shynta but Zilvra and Belar were still trying to figure out their sister and they weren't the only ones Mica was also keeping tabs in the new Shynta. She knew something was different and from all the time she spent around Henri that she figured Shynta was trying to secure a place with him and see what power she could acquire from him if any. The fact that she now went by her full name and that silly braid made her seem almost childish, Mica wondered if that was an attempt to get Henri to lower his guard. She would continue to watch but still felt that her time was coming and quickly, her house was protecting a chosen of Lloth even if he was a male and human she didn't question Lloth's will it was not her place.

Henri was still pumped from the fight and wanted something to fight or fuck, he knew Shynta would gladly help him with the later. He even wondered about Belar who for the past few weeks had learned that she was having a girl and even found that her own magic was growing with her little booster. He watched as her body began the changes for motherhood, she didn't have the energy she once had. He nearly jumped out of his skin when she hugged him, she played it off by saying she was caught up in the moment and said she had guessed the correct time of his victory.

The cart stopped and the four of them got off he gave Shynta's hand a squeeze this was a sign that he wanted to use her. She followed them into his room, Zilvra and Belar looked at her as she paid them no mind, her master wanted her and that was all that mattered.

Zilvra turned to her sister and said, "What do want Shynta?"

Shynta didn't answer her so Zilvra repeated this time calling her Shyntaunlin, but this got no response from Shynta. She was there for her master and had nothing to tell them, but this only exacerbated the situation.

Belar tried to get something out of Shynta and said, "If you have nothing to say then you can leave or shall we throw you out."

Again she said nothing, but from the pleased look on her masters face she was doing the right thing. Zilvra smiled and went to throw her out, with a smile on her face wishing she would try and resist.

As Zilvra was about to grab her Henri said, "Shynta what are you?" 

His smirk made her wetter, her eyes shot to her sisters then to him and back to them, she still said nothing. Henri was loving her turmoil, he understood that she wanted to obey but feared them finding out.

Henri said in a very serious tone, "You will answer me or you shall leave and never return."

Zilvra and Belar both looked at Henri as he said that, what shook them more was how torn their sister was by him saying this. 

He reached for her braid as she said pleading, "I am your pet, master. Please don't take you mark from me."

She hung her head knowing her sisters would kill her for this sooner or later, but the thought of not serving him was worse than what they would do.

Zilvra and Belar both looked to Henri who looked at him in shock, unperturbed he said to Shynta, "You have done well now service your master while I talk with my protectors."

Shynta ignored her sisters and knelt before her master with her sisters present and began performing on her master. Zilvra and Belar looked on speechless, Belar knew her sister was doing a good job and that she liked what she was doing.

Henri turned and said, "Shynta, is a submissive because of all the power she has here nobody pushed her and after the dream she feared what happen with me. A little over a month ago she came to me thinking she would do what you did Belar. I didn't want that and made her submit to me, that braid is my mark as long as she wears it she is mine and she knows it. Now, she is harmless and we can work around her as you can see she has found something she likes."

Belar was in stitches at his comment and Zilvra managed a smile at his joke. None of this mattered to Shynta, she had what she wanted and even felt relief that her sisters knew about her and Henri. Her Drow instincts may have warred with her submissive side, but they lost and sealed her fate as she listened to Henri, Belar and Zilvra talk about going to the surface she understood that wherever Henri went she would follow. Her only concern was Mica, her greatest threat was firmly in Henri's camp and she knew why. 

The following day it had become apparent that Henri was a crowd favorite and for lack of a better word his matron found him to be a great addition to her house. His winnings were making her even richer. 

The down side was that after each fight he had to be drugged or he went after the guards who came to get him, only Belar and Zilvra could approach without conflict. 

This was followed by his after match attack, with Shynta on his side the rape that followed stopped altogether. The only ones who never took part in the mass beatings were Belar and Zilvra, they kept Zilvra away from him when they did this, fearing what she could do. 

The following week his matron visited him in the surface room or light room, it was uncomfortable for every Drow in that room but bearable. 

She looked at her cash cow with contempt and said, "I am Akordia of house Hla'ath your matron and matron of this house." She paused and then continued, "Tomorrow you will fight armed, and you may choose any weapon but your special weapons."

Henri asked wondering if they would let him use his powerful magical sword, "Can I use my sword the one I had with me?"

She replied nothing in the rules state that you can't use a magic sword, "Of course it is your choice are, you good with that sword?"

He answered thinking of how he saved Zilvra, "With the exception of saving Zilvra, I have never used a sword in combat so I wouldn't know."

She said flatly, "Then you had better hope that you learn fast or your life will end tomorrow. By the way I don't like to lose."

The next day Henri entered the pit and saw a huge Orc holding a huge sword that he would have needed two hands to wield. The only one who could stand to be near his sword was Zilvra so she carried it out to him. As he unsheathed it Zilvra felt the magic disappear, she didn't like that and wondered if anybody else had seen that. 

The monstrous Orc towered over him and looked to be at least 7' tall and about as wide. This Orc moved in slowly he knew better than to charge Henri. As they circled, the Orc swung his huge sword at him a few times missing badly, Henri had speed on his side, but with a sword in his hands, he was lost as to how to fight this monster. 

He stayed out of reach as he ran through the moves he knew, when it dawned on him that he could use the sudden strike, if it didn't work then at least he would be inside the reach of this huge Orc. 

He set his feet shoulder lengths apart with his front foot is facing the Orc, he hold the sheath in his left hand and held it behind him, Henri placed his right hand on the sword in a forehand grip. 

Zilvra had seen him use this on her but knew this wouldn't work on the Orog its sword was to long. 

As the Orc moves in, Henri charged, his sword still sheathed. Zilvra was lost on what he was doing she knew he had waited for her to move when he used that before, she looked across the pit and sees her matron worried seeing he hasn't drawn yet. 

Henri close in on the Orc before it can get his huge sword around, once inside the huge orc's reach he unsheathed the Katana and cut from the right hip to the Orc's left armpit in a flash. Henri changed his grip and swung again at the huge Orc's neck severing it. 

As his head falls, the fans see him disemboweled and when his knees hit the ground, his head rolls off. 

Zilvra entered the pit as the pit guards readied their crossbows fairly certain he wouldn't harm her. Zilvra had told them that he wouldn't kill her or so she believed, with a flick the blood flew off the Katana, he sheathed it afterwards. As he walked towards Zilvra, handed the Katana to her who looked at him angry but proud. 

Angry because he had held out such a move and proud that he had won. His matron smiled at him having bet a huge some of money that he would kill the Orog. As Henri walked past his matron he saw the other guards relax because trying to carry a man his size was extremely tiring.

As Henri slept, he had the strangest of dreams, he saw his home. He looked and saw what he thought must be a Russian village because of the onion domes visible off in the distance. Henri stood on the mountain, he saw great armies clashing in the valley below not far from the village. 

Henri watched in horror as he saw all manner of beasts fighting each other; he only knew them from myths as he watched humans fighting for their very survival. He looked to his left and he saw a woman wearing silver armor like was worn in the medieval times in her hand was a mace of silver. To his right stood another woman wearing samurai armor, next to her stood a tall Nordic looking woman with blond hair and wearing metal armor with wings on the back looking at the battle with glee. Looking back to his left he saw another women wearing robes and looking very unhappy as she watched the carnage. The biggest shock was that he saw two Drowesses running into the fray, he did a double take as he saw Zilvra and Dirzune. Sitting at my feet watching with concern was a green haired elf like the Drow but instead of midnight black skin she had dark brown skin that was the color of tree bark.

He looked at his arms and saw blue symbols going up and down his arms and on his shirt. For some reason he understood they had come from his chest they were all glowing a deep blue. 

When Henri awoke from his slumber, he looked at his chest and saw strange blue symbol there. 

He felt as if a live wire was running through him everything seemed different kind of like how it feels before a powerful thunder storm. 

As he looked down he saw the symbol on his chest glow a deep blue and then slowly fade and disappear completely under his skin leaving only the original symbol.

*********** 

Dirzune had finished her research and sent Rikton back to the tower after having uncovered a game changer. 

She had uncovered a prophecy that Lloth would be killed at the next renewal by her own child Eilistraee who would lead all Drow back to the surface for good. 

This information had her conflicted, because she had been chosen by Lloth to be one of Henri's protectors. 

What was the goddesses reasoning for this? She had to know that she would look into this, did she want her to prevent this from happening was that why she was chosen to be the dagger in the dark. 

What did that mean for her house? She was certain of one thing that Henri would not want to stay underground where the goddess held so much sway and power, she also knew that his behavior was proof that Lloth's ways would not work on him. She had to know more and the only way to get that was to ask Henri himself.

In walked his matron and Dirzune they met in the courtyard after he finished his practice.

Dirzune thinking about his last performance in the pit asked, "Henri, where did you learn to fight like that I was told that you had never fought with a sword before, is that true?"

Henri replied not wanting to let on that he knew who she was, "Yes it is priestess, I had done some training back in Japan, but that was all practice."

She walked with him away from prying ears asking, "Do you know why I am here?" 

Henri wanted to say because he had seen her in his dream but in truth he had no clue. 

She said, "To see if you could forgive me for my past mistakes." 

She explained calmly but Henri didn't buy it, she was up to something but what.

He tried the stick approach and said, "Listen, I don't know what kind of power trip you are on, but if you get me out of here and to the surface I will forgive any damn thing you want." 

Honestly Henri had had enough of all the paranoid bullshit from these people. As she began chanting he started to feel a burning in his chest, whatever it was he was almost certain that the symbol was warning him about something. 

As the priestess finished she looked at him and began to speak, "When the time comes will you do what is right?" 

She asked as she looked over his head, he could see her uncertainty and that bothered him.

He looked her over hopping she would give him a clue to the answer, but found none and said, "Ok, all the time that we have had these little chats you have played games with me, now I can see fear in your eyes. Honestly what is right and wrong when it comes to your people?" 

He just couldn't hold it in any more, he knew he was a dead man and that someday he will lose in the pit. He was still lost on why she was in his dream. 

The priestess saw a green light he was telling the truth.

"What would it take for you to take some of us with you?" she asked.

He knew now that she was fishing for something but was still lost as to what and answered, "Why would I take any of you with me to the surface. I mean can you people even see up there? Besides what would keep me from killing you once I got to the surface. I am not a very forgiving man." 

Again, she saw a green light. This worried her, what would happen if he refused her?

"Do you have any loyalty to anybody down here?" she asked quizzically. 

'What the fuck' Henri thought, he was wondering where she was going with this line of questioning. The only thing that ran through his mind was these people are off their rockers.

He could see no trap in her question and said honestly, "How can I have loyalty to the people who have beat and raped me and would kill me if I didn't do what they want me to do. 

Let alone for people who are always trying to hurt, kill, trick and enslave each other. 

I would rather roam in the darkness and sleep knowing that I am free then sleep with an eye open around those I should be loyal. 

Loyalty is a two way street." 

What she saw shocked her; the light was yellow it was true but not all of it.

With that answer, the priestess left contented with his answers, but wondering what wasn't true in his last statement. 

As was her duty as a priestess, she talked with the matron about the fact that keeping Henri alive was very dangerous, as they plotted to have him fight more than one person next time and adding one more person to his fights. 

While Henri was a Drow favorite he was quickly becoming a slave favorite for his attacks on the guards and this was unacceptable. 

***********

In the Intress's palace was a very special room that reeked of abyssal energy inside was the puppet that had been the Empress, she loved the term as soon as she heard it from Alak and Lloth enjoyed the term as well. 

In the room with her was the sire of her half-demon daughter and sign of her dark power, her half-demon child she had named Dementia, and a Mind Flayer. 

The Mind Flayer was tormenting the Drowess strapped to the table as the sire of her child was raping and destroying this woman physically, sex with a demon was exquisite torture. 

Dementia was busy pleasuring herself watching her father fuck the Drowess with his barbed cock, the abyssal energy peaked as the Intress finished casting her dark spell as she plunged her hand in the chest of the Drowess she nodded to her child's sire and he came at that moment as she pulled the Drowess's soul from her body and pulled a third of it off and fed it to Dementia and the other third to Dementia's sire.

A silver thread could be seen going to the soul tying it to the abyss. 

The room seemed to hum from the demonic prayer being offered as she fused the abyssal energy into the remaining soul and placed it back in the Drowess. 

The Drowess's body convulsed repeatedly as the abyssal energy flowed and turned her into something much darker. 

Her eyes opened and did not glow red but seemed empty in the dark room, in fact her eyes were now completely black, she looked around the room and saw the face of her creator, her mother.

Intra said, "Welcome child to your new darkness, the goddess has blessed you, you shall now be called Dark Sister, do you understand?"

Dark Sister said robotically, "Yes, mistress."

Intra smiled at the loyalty that this process produced, pointed to the Mind Flayer and said, "Go with your handler and wait further orders."

Dark Sister in a voice devoid of all emotion said, "Yes, mistress."

The Mind Flayer turned to Intra and said, "Mistress, the Yathrin is waiting in your chambers."

Intra smiled fiendishly, turned to Dementia and in a very loving motherly tone said, "Child mother has a treat for you."

Dementia had changed much during her two week of feedings with her mother. The feedings had awoken her demon blood and turned the half-demon into something closer to a succubus as her body had grown and become the thing of dreams for both men and women. 
