 Hi everybody sorry for the delay I have been busy with my real world business which has grown faster than I had dreamed and left me short of good personnel.  Chapter 4 is ready to be edited and should be ready by March.  I am going to go with a monthly posting because of my work schedule.

I want to thank everybody for their comments and feedback, you all have been a great help in making this story better. 

This tale would not be possible without the incredible team. My rough editor Anubismark who gets to see my awful rough drafts and makes them understandable. My continuity editor Traff who helps me keep to the story. My finishing editor BunLover who helps put the final and often embarrassing finish on my work. 

Please Vote and Enjoy this episode of Disposable Hero. 

This episode does some world building and doesn't have Henri in it.

Thank You 

Bokhun

*****

The Gathering 

Adjusting to the Surface 

Demon Web demi-plane 

Lloth watched, pleased with her handy work, as those who fell in the assault on the Hla'ath compound began to accept the demonic taint of the Demon Web, which happened because of the torture they had endured. As the physical forms of their souls were damaged it would be replaced by Abyssal taint marking them as Lloth's. Some fought, while others welcomed the power of the abyss. Mica was one of those who had fought hard to resist the power of the abyss that was growing in her. She knew if she submitted to this power she would never be able to leave and slowly she would be turn into a demon, a play thing for Lloth for the all eternity. While she hadn't fallen as far as the others, Mica had fallen far enough for what Lloth had in mind. 

Shynta fought with everything she had and had even beaten the power that she would have grabbed prior to meeting Henri. She understood that giving in was what Lloth wanted and had even gone so far as to renounce Lloth three times to her face. If Shynta had done that before she died she wouldn't be in the Demon Web now. Lloth looked at Shynta and knew she had to act quickly as time was running out and she had to set her plan in motion. She ordered a fiend to collect those souls that were ready, as she stood over Shynta and prepared to make her threat reality. They watched as the demon shrank the souls down to the size of a softball and place them in a crucible that was shaped like a common sack. 

Lloth savored the fear of what she was seeing on the face of Shynta as she began to understand that this fate would be hers as well. 

Lloth's voice was thick with sarcasm as she says, "Ready to return to your love? He is waiting for you." 

She shoved her hand into the heart of Shynta and began to fill it with the abyss itself. She enjoyed Shynta's screams as she began to shrink down to the same size of the others. Once she reached softball size Lloth held Shynta in her hand, she knew Shynta could see her and smiled at her, even going to far as to kiss the ball that was Shynta's soul before placing it in the sack. Lloth turned to the demon and left instructions for him to bring the sack when she summoned him, with that she left the demi-plane and began that plane walk to her toy Intra. 

In Intra's dark chamber, Shyntaunlin was lying deceased on the altar. As Intra entered with her daughter followed closely by Dementia's play thing Yathrin looking dutifully at her love, well to be more accurate her everything, she fell to her knees and began worshiping Dementia's feet. Intra entered a trance-like state as Lloth took control of her thrall. Once in full control of Intra she began chanting in Demonic and summoned Dementia's father who held a sack that cries could be heard coming from. He handed the sack to Intra/Lloth who opened the sack and said the name Shyntaunlin. As the soul rose to the top she grabbed the twisted soul that was now half black and half red, Dementia told her lover to heal the woman when she tells her, Yathrin rose and stood waiting to fulfill her mistresses wish. Intra thrust the soul back into the lifeless corpse and Dementia told her slave to begin. Dementia watched her possessed mother and her toy bring life to Shyntaunlin making her hands twitch and her body heave as her glowing black eyes opened to look at Intra and seeing Lloth her mistress, as her body began to heal and return to life. Intra helped her up. The woman that was Shynta was no more, her soul destroyed in the torment of being faithful to Lloth. She was fused with the darkness and depravity that allowed her to return to this plane and completely loyal to Lloth. 

Shynta fully synergized with her old body in a back chamber where all the new unmentionables were gathering and being equipped. She was handed a short sword that looked like something a Roman Legionnaire would use with runes etched into the blade, the only other difference besides the runes was the round pommel. Like all Drow Shynta had been trained in how to use such a weapon. However, she had studied magic and was not as good as Zilvra, most certainly not even close to Belar. She unsheathed the sword and felt the flow of demonic energy within the blade. She watched as the blade began to segment, doubling the length of the weapon, marveling as the blade split into three and began to take the shape of snake heads. Looking at the snakes writhing she understood why they were given such a weapon and seeing the same kind of demonic symbols on the leathers she was being handed, it was becoming clear to her that the leathers like the sword held a surprise. 

Donning the armor she could feel her awareness of the world around her diminish. She could still see and hear, but her other senses were gone/ She tried to order her body to take the armor off but her body didn't respond. That is when she remembered Lloth's promise and understood just how twisted her goddess truly was. She was helpless to stop her own body as it went after her own family and Henri. If she didn't gain control of her own body and her family survived until Renewal how would Henri free her from the Demon Web, her body shivered at the thought of going back to such a place forever. Her anger boiled at how easily Lloth had played her. The odd thing was the angrier she got, the more her other senses returned, she could also feel her magical power growing as she saw the runes on the armor glow. 

She watched as the others got up and moved towards another door across the room. Her own body began to move toward the same door and she swore that before her body moved she heard the word "come" in her mind. She tried again to fight her own body's movements, as she fought she felt her awareness fade and even noticed her ruins begin to fade and with it the boost to her power. She loathed feeling powerless in her own body, this anger was giving her power and she now understood that in order to control her body she needed to be angry, or filled with hate. Slowly she thought of things that made her angry, things she hated, and sure enough the more hate the more control she had. She could feel her leathers as her body stopped only 2m from the door in front of which the other Drowesses had formed ranks. 

The door opened and in walked a Mind Flayer wearing robes with demonic runes on them, it stopped just inside the door. Shynta understood being this close to a Mind Flayer was well within his/her influence. From where she was standing she could see some of the others and wondered if a Mind Flayer could control all of them. She heard him/her give the order to move out in her head and wondered if it had been corrupted, or was it like her and the others? She knew of nothing that could be offered to get any of them to betray the hive. Walking through the doors she passed the Illithid, she saw it turn and follow her as she passed into the next room. This was huge room maybe 20m by 25m with 4m high ceilings and rich tapestries, soft light stones lit the room and hurt her to be in that much light. 

In one corner was a full length mirror. Like all Drow she was vain and wondered what she looked like now, so as she headed to the mirror to check herself out. Standing before the mirror she looked at her resplendent curves, her eyes saw that her hair still had Henri's braid her pride soared at the sight. Her eyes finally came to her face. She saw her eyes, black flames coming from the sockets that flicked her eyebrows like a log on a fire. Her pride destroyed by the sight of her deformed beauty, she flew into a rage and struck the mirror fracturing it. Looking at her hand, which she had moved on her own, and reveling in the power that flowed through her, her eye caught her reflection. She saw as her face twisted with rage that the flames now cleared her head. 

While unimaginable power flowed through her, making her feel drunk from the power, a small child-like voice resounded within her pleading with her not to give in and be like Lloth. Hearing that voice and seeing her visage she comprehended the trap, to move her body was to give in to Lloth and giving in meant becoming one with the Demon Web. She wanted to scream in rage at her predicament, but held off out of fear that she would not be able to resist next time. Shynta knew what she had to do, she let go of her hate, her anger, her hope of control. She watched the black flames shrink until they could barely be seen as did the power that the Demon Web was tempting her with. 

The Illithid watched wondering if she would fall to the power offered as he had. He knew he could make her fall with a little push but had been told not to by Lloth herself. He wondered why she fought while the others had embraced it, what made her special? Digging through her memories he saw images of Henri and the powerful emotions that they gave off, he could twist them and Shynta would fall quickly, he wondered why Lloth would not let him do so. Little did he know that any coerced actions would be known by the angels and that person would be freed from her grasp, they had to damn themselves and so be Lloth's forever. 

The goddess ordered her to bring in the next body as Shynta walked out and dragged Micarylafay into the room and placed her lifeless body on the altar. As Intra began to bring forth yet another of the unmentionables, these were not living Drow but those who had recently died and were turned into something much darker. While a Dark Sister had the ability of self-preservation, the Unmentionables would carry out their orders to the death. Deep down some of them sought to return to their slumber but Lloth held half of their soul and would reap vengeance for their failure. While being tormented in the afterlife was to be accepted, to draw further torment was to be avoided at all costs. On the altar the failed transformation of Micarylafay left Intra very unhappy, the bullet from Henri's gun had blown a fist sized hold in the back of her skull destroying about twenty-five percent of her brain. This could not be cured with healing magic and then restore the soul, a soul needed to be in a body for it to heal. 

Mica awoke on a soft bed on red spider silk sheets in a 5 meter square room with rich carvings of Lloth in all her glory on the walls. Above her head was Lloth with her three children, Sabbaste goddess of Drow Magic, Alakdiirn god of Theft and Murder, and Eilistraee goddess of Beauty and Fertility. The far wall had Lloth smiling as she was standing over the dead body of her children's father the Elven god Melandrach; the arrow fired by Eilistraee could clearly be seen. To her right she saw the Ascension when Lloth become goddess of the Demon Web, mistress of deceit, corruption and great goddess of all Drow. To her left she saw the door and on the wall was the Descent when the Drow followed Lloth into the darkness never to bask in the light again. 

Mica knew she had died and remembered the torture she had endured, so wherever this was it had to be the Demon Web, but whose room was it? Did the dead need to sleep? She was shaken out of her conundrum when the door started to open, her jaw fell open as she saw Lloth dressed in a gossamer strapless dress that showed off Lloth's ample breasts, the dress had a web like sash that attached to each wrist, a spider crown with a red hour glass shaped ruby on Lloth's head with webs that highlighted the goddesses eyes, similar spiders were on each wrist with webs that covered Lloth's arms to the elbow. Lloth walked towards Mica, who thought her goddess floated more than walked, Lloth was the pinnacle of beauty for all Drow and many drowess wished to be as beautiful as she is but feared the goddess' wrath if compared. Lloth sat at the side of the bed and leaned forward acting both motherly and flirtatious which unnerved Mica as she tried not to look at the goddess' bountiful cleavage, trying and failing to maintain eye contact. 

Lloth smiled as she saw Mica's eyes go to her breasts as she thought, 'she has all but damned herself to me all she needs is a little push.' 

Lloth set her plan in motion saying, "I hope you are comfortable. I had to set an example of you for the others. To be honest I find the touch of a woman to be much better than that of a man. However, I cannot have my priestess not spreading my teachings can I? What would happen if my children stopped having children? So, you see I had no choice but to punish you, but now you are in my chambers and it has been a long time since any drowess caught my fancy. Your mother and sire had some very beautiful daughters. I think you and your sisters rival my own daughters." 

Mica's mind ran a mile a minute trying to figure out the plot Lloth was hatching. She knew her anger was real as well as her punishment, but Mica knew from experience that the hardest blows came from the guilty so did that mean that Lloth was telling the truth? It would fit Lloth's chaotic nature. She knew that she was the fly in Lloth's web and the web was a good one none denied Lloth's beauty and Mica wasn't going to start. One thing she kept wondering as her goddess got teasingly close, "what's the play?" 

Mica caved as Lloth was millimeters from her lips saying, "You flatter me goddess, your children are almost as beautiful as you." Goddess or not, no Drow could be offended by being called beautiful. 

Lloth faked beaming and said, "I didn't come here to talk. I came to take and you are what I am taking." 

With that she put her hand on the back of Mica's neck and pulled her the remaining millimeters until their lips touched. Mica found Lloth lips to be impossibly soft and luscious, she wanted to take the lead but Lloth beat her to the punch as her tongue entered Mica's mouth. Had she not been on the bed she would have fallen over from the passion of the kiss, she tried again and again to catch Lloth's agile tongue and suck it. Mercifully Lloth let Mica catch her tongue and enjoyed Mica's nibbling as well as the moans that she was emitting. 

Mica was lost to her goddess. An utter vision of beauty, was kissing her with such reckless passion, she threw her arms around Lloth and pulled their bodies together. With their bodies together she worked her left hand free and up to Lloth's right breast, as she was about to squeeze Lloth pulled away and broke the kiss to groans from Mica. She stood before Mica and worked her dress off slowly teasing her pray and enjoying every minute of it, she pirouetted slowly letting Mica soak up her wondrous ass and svelte figure. Lloth leaned forward and pushed Mica onto her back and pulled the covers off, exposing the soft breast and thighs of Mica. She kissed her way down letting her fingers trail behind making Mica moan "Fuuuuuck" as Lloth pushed her legs apart. Lloth leaned in with her face millimeters from where Mica wanted it she saw Lloth stare at her curly white bush, her pouty purplish lips glistening with excitement. 

With the first lick it was clear that Lloth had done this before and, from the cries Mica was giving off, was very good at it. Lloth moved her head back and forth trying to get her tongue deeper and deeper into Mica, sliding out to circle her clitoris. Mica's hand shot to the back of Lloth's head as she began to orgasm screaming out the name of the very person giving her such pleasure, bucking like a bull being ridden at the rodeo. 

Mica said between gasps, "Nobody has made me cum like that! You truly are a goddess in all areas." 

She pulled Lloth up and into a long kiss before saying, "Now I want to taste a goddess." 

Rolling Lloth over onto the bed she looked down on the goddess's extraordinary breasts were ebony globes of perfection in both size and shape. Lloth's purplish nipples stood straight out begging for attention, which Mica gladly gave them. Lloth's cries told her she was doing a good job and after a while she felt a hand pushing her down, she understood Lloth wanted her attention lower. Going down Mica noticed the lack of pubic hair in Lloth's neither regions, she wondered if her own pussy would look better with less hair. Lloth pussy was just as beautiful as the rest of her and Mica was practically drooling to taste it. 

Mica put her mouth to Lloth's slit and began to lick her pussy slowly savoring the amazing taste of her goddess and told her as much. Returning to back to Lloth's flower and ran her tongue up and down it, enjoying every minute of her goddess's womanhood. The more she licked the more she loved the taste of the goddess, her face showing how much she was enjoying it. Unbeknownst to her Lloth's juices were addictive and would lead to her down fall all she heard were the cries of passion from Lloth. As Lloth orgasmed Mica saw a phallus emerge from the goddess as it grew to 20cm in length and pulsed lewdly before Mica. 

Mica looked at the phallus and then up to Lloth who said, "You didn't think you would get out of here without being fucked did you? I am going to do what several men should have." 

Mica wanted to run and tried to pull away from Lloth but couldn't escape her, once in Lloth's grip she found escape impossible as Lloth pushed her onto her back. She saw Lloth's eyes flash black and fill with flames, at the moment Mica felt flush with lust as her legs spread betraying her wish. 

Lloth paused before taking the cherry of Mica and said, "I will show what you will become once I have had my way with you." 

As soon as she said that, Mica saw two drowesses enter the room and walk towards her, they were stunning, they looked like Lloth herself. Mica wondered if being that beautiful was a curse as she felt a cock enter her for the first time ever and winced in pain as her hymen broke. Normally, Mica was the one with the strap-on and never returned the favor, but her goddess was in charge and Mica had to endure. Her body began to adjust to the fucking and set fire to all the nerve-endings in her pussy. Mica felt the wave of orgasm approach quickly and when she came it was the hardest she had ever had. As soon as it finished another racked her body, followed by another until for the first time ever, she squirted. Mica wondered if this was what sex was like with a man and if so she would be trying them soon. Her thoughts were derailed as she felt her pussy fill as her goddess came. 

With pussy full of both cock and apparently cum Mica felt full, she groaned in disappointment as Lloth withdrew from her leaving her feeling empty. Lloth saw the contented look on Mica's face and felt a touch of disappointment that her fall would be so easy. Her sister was giving Lloth immense pleasure and deep down Lloth wished this one would fight as well, it had been a long time since anybody had been a challenge. Mica was lost in rapture at the fucking she had just received, when she felt her body begin to heat up with desire. She turned to her goddess pleading in her eyes and noticed the cock she had been fucked with was now gone, her heart sank as she saw the twisted smile on Lloth's face. 
