 I thrive on feedback so please feel free to leave comments.

This is written with the intent of making it into a graphic novel so if something seems out of place it is because they are meant to be drawn.

Please enjoy the continuation of Henri's adventure and without further ado.

*****

The next two days go that way as well, with Zilvra going hunting, Henri and Zyvin practicing magic. He had learned how to make a magic missile come out of his fingers well actually five of them, which he was told is very odd because normally you can only do one when you first learn and with more practice you can cast more, the odd thing was that these missiles were magical fire and packed more punch, of course, this led to a new rune on his body. When they headed back to get Zilvra and have their English lesson and walk Zyvin back to the farm, as long as Henri was between those two they didn't fight with each other. Zilvra asked Henri to speak his language with her, he guessed she liked French and well she really didn't have to ask him twice. As they got near the road they heard the thunder of hooves either that or a thunderstorm is just down the road, before Zilvra runs into the woods for cover Henri hands her his Mk-18 and his pistols keeping the swords on him. He sees a banner on the road and coming closer to them was about forty men on horseback with what looks like wings on their backs, in a way they remind him of samurai from an old Japanese movie with their Daimyo's banner on their backs. He watched awestruck as the lead man sees him and rides up, Henri got off the road as they lower their lances and asked who He was or at least that was what he would ask but realized he had forgotten to put his ring on. 

More riders get closer, he looked and saw Zilvra with her bow trained on the one in front of him. A female voice pointed to him and said something, Henri didn't know what, he tried to put the ring on, she saw him trying to pull something out and pointed her saber at his heart. He tried to mime that he didn't understand her without the ring, she wasn't buying it so Henri started to speak his native French and again pointed to the ring, she relented as he put it on.

She asked, "Who are you?"

He replied, "Henri Bordeaux a caravan guard, the owner of this farm Mikhail asked us to check up on his family, while he was in the village down the road." 

Henri heard some wagons getting closer, he could hear talking and more horses, Henri thinks, 'this has to Mikhail just how many horses did he buy.'

He heard the familiar sound of Mikhail saying, "That's him the man who can't ride a horse." 

He looked over and saw Mikhail talking to some man, with what looks like a top lock and wearing a white shirt that has red embroidery as well as blue pantaloons and a sword at his side. The lances came up and the woman asked Mikhail if he knew Henri, he nodded and told her just what Henri had. As his wagon went by another wagon passed with a tall woman who looked very frail with red hair and green eyes. She stopped her wagon, got out, ran to him, grabbed his left hand and placed it on her head. Henri tried to get her to stand up and look at him she looked like a very tall elf about Zilvra's height now. The man who was talking to Mikhail came riding up and jumped off his horse and asked questioningly to the elf what was going on. All she told him was that Henri was the one, she repeated this several times, he looked at Henri slack-jawed and did the same thing she did but with his other hand, Henri wanted to run but he had a bad feeling that they would chase him if he did. Henri pulled him up and looked him in the eye, he looked tough and more than capable in a fight. He and the other elf fell to the ground at Henri's feet, this was very annoying for Henri and every time he tried to get them to look at him they would look at the ground.

The elf woman's friend sounded oddly proud when he said, "We must not look upon the guardian, only the chosen are allowed that and we were not chosen." 

The woman on the horse with angel wings looked at Henri in disbelief and the men with her do the same, he looked at her and shrugged his shoulders.

Henri had had enough and said, "Stand up you're a man and I'm a man and men look each other in the eyes or I can never trust you." 

The man at Henri's feet doesn't move and neither did this elf woman, what the fuck was their problem Henri thinks, 'I am still just a man and they are acting like I am a god or something.' 

Henri thought quickly and had an epiphany as he said, "How do you know that you weren't chosen to see me and tell the others that I truly am here? I am sure people would doubt you if you told them, right?" 

They looked at each other and stood but had a hard time looking at him, honestly, this was fucking annoying for Henri. The woman with wings got off her horse and started talking to the bald man with a braided lock on the top of his head. She was still dumbfounded as she asked who Henri was, Henri can tell that she couldn't believe they were doing this and well that made two of them. The man turned and told the winged woman, that he was the one she was seeking. 

Getting a better look at her it dawns on Henri just who she was as he thinks, 'oh shit she is the one from my dream the one watching the battle in the valley below.' 

She looks at Henri who thought she didn't believe them and said sounding very unsure, "You're the guardian?" 

Zyvin was shocked at the sight of a horseman and a wild elf on the ground kneeling before Henri. 

Henri managed a nod more than a little lost as she continued, "Are Ivan and Kinʹ Pisni there really from another world? Are you really from another world?"

Zyvin answered for him saying, "He is a horseman, yes? She is a wild elf." This woman just nodded and Zyvin continued, "They are from another world, his they left 5000 years ago after the last conjunction. He is from a world called Earth, which will be our home as well now." 

Henri felt compelled to re-introduce himself again and said extending his hand, "Private Henri Bordeaux USMC from the planet Earth." 

He yelled into the woods for Zilvra to get his stuff and bring it here, he sure hope she doesn't do something stupid like shoot one of them. 

The Angel in front of him asked as her hand goes to her sword, "Who was that for?" 

Henri just said, "My companions number four so far and if what he says is true then I guess you will make five. By the way, what is with the wings on you and the others?" 

She explained and he thought she might have felt insulted he didn't know who they were, "We are The Knights of the Ride and I am their commander Brynhild Sleipnirsson the only child of Greve Porr Sleipnirsson" 

She was as tall as Zilvra and looked suited to fighting, her armor was like nothing Henri had ever seen, and it had a helm with a brim like a baseball cap and had an open face with a guard that came over the nose. Flaps that went over the ears with holes on each side, she had a piece that covered her chest and guards that came down to her elbow she wore chain mail shirt to cover any areas like her elbows, she had bracers below her elbow, greaves to protect her shins up to her knees and a saber at her side. 

After a few minutes he heard Zilvra shout from the trees, he was glad she had kept her head. Henri walked over and she handed him the assault rifle and he holstered up his weapons, he explained that the men on the horses might be with them and for her to head back and he would come and get all of them and they would probably be moving if all went well. She agreed and headed back, Henri thanked god he wasn't looking forward to any misunderstandings now. As he walked back he slung his rifle over his shoulder and marched back. 

Brynhild asked what he was carrying and he told her proof he wasn't from here, Henri drew his pistol and aimed for a fence post near the road, fired and looked at her. She just smiled reached into her bag and pulled out a black powder pistol and did the same asking what the big deal was. He slung his rifle off his shoulder and hit the post about fifty meters away and emptied the clip while slapping another in place and ceased firing. She looked on in shock, he explained that his people had developed technology instead of magic and if he wanted her and her men dead they would have been before they could have gotten close enough to attack him.

Henri walked over to a very shocked Mikhail and said, "I'm sorry for not telling you, but I thought you would think me mad. I would like to call you a friend if you can forgive me for lying to you."

Mikhail said still shocked by his little display, "You're probably right. If I hadn't heard what I just heard and saw what I just saw I would probably think you had gone mad, I can't argue with what I have seen though." 

As they walked up the drive towards Mikhail's house, Brynhild removed her helm and her long blond hair came crashing down. She was as tall as Zilvra was now and had blue eyes, she carried herself like someone used to giving orders. Henri couldn't say she wasn't attractive but after who knows how long on the road can anybody truly look good. Valkirya ran out to greet her father and to show what she had learned from him. Brynhild saw her stance and her moves and pointed out that a saber is best used from the back of the horse and with only one hand. Valkirya mentioned that Henri was her teacher and that he fought with two hands. 

Brynhild looked at him and wanted to see for herself, Henri thought, 'oh great know a person of five f-in minutes and they want to fight.' 

After some prodding, Henri agreed and set the rules so that the first to land what would be a hit wins, not that he thought he would but hell even a blind dog could find a bone. Henri knew she was holding all the cards and got ready for a quick strike to end this quickly in a long fight she would most likely win after all she was used to fighting with a sword. She drew her sword and Henri took his stance she had a very shocked look on her face, he guessed she had never seen this stance. As she charged in Henri drew and cut and sheathed in one motion, with her sword on the ground and his back at his side he asked if she wanted to call it a draw. 

She nodded and grilled Henri on how he could do that so fast, honestly if she hadn't charged in he would have been toast but she made the cardinal mistake and underestimated him. Henri told her that she should ask Zilvra about how well he could use his sword. She turned to ask Zyvin, who told her that was the name of our other companion and looked at Henri nervously. Henri pulled Brynhild to the side and explained that they were going to get the other member of their group and asked for her sword and pistol. Henri asked Mikhail if they could use his farm until they were ready to leave, Mikhail agreed with everything settled he asked Brynhild to join him and only her. 

She agreed and when they got into the woods Henri asked for her weapons and said he didn't want any problems. She complied begrudgingly and when they came to the camp she understood why he had taken her weapons as she saw about a dozen Drow come out of a cave. He handed her weapons to Zilvra and asked her to watch Brynhild. They hitched the lizards and Henri changed into his fatigues figuring no need to pretend to be something he wasn't anymore. 

When they came up the drive Henri saw the looks of shock from the people on the farm, because of who they were traveling with. Brynhild tried to convince her men to stand down but they weren't listening we had a bit of a standoff till Zyvin got them to trust us with the help of Ivan and his wife. Henri turned to Zilvra and her family and told them that any problems with any of these people they bring to him and those people will answer to him, the same went for them as well. Henri knew there is strength in numbers and well Zilvra might be useful in the daylight but her family was useless in daylight for now.

Henri put Zilvra's family and the other Drow in the barn it had the least direct light so they wouldn't be too uncomfortable. He had the rest in the bunkhouse and set watches with Brynhild to see if she would agree, once they had agreed on watches he headed off to get some sleep on the front porch. Henri had Ivan and his wife trying to help him like he was a cripple or something, he got that from his father who had people doing things for him and hated it. Henri really just wanted to be alone and he didn't need servants, he liked to be alone and the best part of being around Zilvra and her family is that they wanted nothing to do with him if they could help it. Henri fell asleep on the veranda with what felt like a million eyes on him, Henri was sure that a great discussion was being held about him by all the interested parties.

The next morning Henri got up and headed to get Valkirya for our lesson to find her practicing with Brynhild. He saw Mikhail watching and asked him how he got these many people to come here Henri had to admit this was not how he wanted things to go but they would have strength in numbers and would have guides who knew the way. 

Mikhail said, "When he got into town he saw Ivan and asked him if he would be willing to teach you how to ride?" Henri nodded as he continued, "The woman teaching my daughter found it odd that you didn't know how to ride a horse since around here a horse is a must and asked where my farm was." 

Henri said, "And?" 

Mikhail replied, "When I told them that you were a caravan guard needing horses because the Dwarves and Underearth gave you lizards. She explained that there was no trade route out of Underearth and that Dwarves use a small draft animal that can pull a great deal and they would have given you those. She thought you might be brigands or slavers and wanted to accompany me back and if you weren't then Ivan would sell horses to you but he didn't have time to teach you, I guess that has changed now." 

Henri saw Ivan waving at him and as Henri walked over to him, Ivan grabbed Henri, Ivan's face beaming with pride. They walked to where they had tied their horses together, Ivan pointed out a horse and told Henri that was his horse and that it was Ivan's fastest, Henri thanked Ivan and told Ivan that he didn't know how to ride, Ivan told Henri that Brynhild would teach him if Henri took her with him. Henri wanted to say no but he knew he needed to learn to ride it would be much faster than walking. Henri told Ivan that she would have to swear an oath to him.

Ivan called her over and explained the deal and she asked what kind of oath she had to swear and why. Henri explained that both Zyvin and Zilvra had both sworn and that they received my mark when they held my sword and swore. He also told her that this was probably the only way to get them through the gate until he opened the other one on Earth. She said that she would swear the oath, Henri could tell she was coming to grips with this absurdity just like he was. Henri called Zyvin and Zilvra over and had them witness as Brynhild made the same oath they had sworn, It still didn't feel right with them swearing loyalty to him. Henri also swore to all of them that he would do all that he could to keep them safe and wouldn't ask anything from them that he wouldn't do himself. As their commander, Henri felt he owed them that much.

Henri had one more person to make swear loyalty to him and headed off to the barn explaining that the priestess in there was part of our group. Brynhild looked at him lost, she knew that priestesses got their power from their god or goddess and that was where her loyalty lay. As Henri entered the barn he saw Belar lost in thought like she had been, ever since she connected with his child. He saw Rikton studying them, he was the closest Drow Henri had ever come to trust, Henri had asked Rikton about it and he told Henri that he had read a lot about the surface culture and was just repeating it. Zilvra's father was getting better being in the light and was even helping Mikhail to maximize his inventory so he could profit more. Her mother kept watch over Belar and seemed to accept that the future of her family was in the sun.

Henri walked up to Dirzune wanting to put this to bed once and for all and asked, "You were chosen to be my companion, weren't you? And that is why you weren't involved in the attack on their house." As Henri pointed in the direction of Belar and her mother.

She said very plainly which he found disturbing, "Yes, I had the dream of protecting you and it was my house that Mica lead against you. I took my two youngest and left, with the man I love."

Henri asked lost again that she would admit to being in love, "Why didn't you tell us, I would have been more inclined to trust you. I thought love was a weakness to the Drow."

Brynhild asked trying to understand, "Why do you call them Drow? We call them night elves because they always attack at night, as well as their skin being the color of midnight."

Henri said hoping this would make sense to her, "Because that is there name, just like I am French and you are... What would you be?"

Brynhild said very proudly, "I am a Captain of Knights of the Ride and heir to the lands of Translesya. If I might add your loyal companion as well."

Henri could see that she was serious about that and turned back to Dirzune and said, "I will welcome you into my group if you swear before me and your goddess that you will obey. Before you do that know this, your spells will come from me and not from your goddess, or at least that is what I have been told. So crossing me would leave you without any of your powers do you understand? And do you accept?"

He could see her thinking about the impact of this decision and finally, she said, "I understand and accept"

Henri unsheathed his Katana and had her swear just like the others as she grabbed the Katana she shook violently and feel to her knees none of the others had this happen something was strange about this.

He asked honestly worried that he may have killed her or something, "Are you alright?"

She stood handed back my Katana and said, "I will, the connection to my goddess has been cut tomorrow I will be fine, I hope."

Henri told both of them that they would be learning one of the languages of his planet so they won't be so dependent on him or on this ring. He also took the time to do the same with Belar but he didn't feel it was needed, because she was pregnant and he knew he couldn't take her into the war zone that they were going to be going to. 

Henri didn't know why but the more he got involved the more he felt this would end badly. Henri felt like this would end with the deaths of these women and he couldn't stand being near them or building the connections needed to survive. Henri would learn what he must from them and would do what he must to keep them alive. Henri wanted no more of the letters, the bags, or the tags and no more losing people like Mother. 

After watching them today and having three more swear to him. Henri looked out over the men that are under her command he could see how much she meant to each one of them and Henri couldn't stand the smiles and laughter it made his skin crawl. As Henri walked off to the woods where he was living for the past week he had come to understand that he couldn't be around these people they were not his people and they never would be. Henri walked over to the waterfall and curled up near the fall and fell asleep.

When Henri woke up he climbed into the water and cleaned his fatigues and himself getting dressed. Henri cleaned his weapons and took inventory of his stuff. He walked back to the farm, was greeted by Mikhail who saw his wet head and asked where he had gone Henri told Mikhail of the waterfall. He asked where his student was and Mikhail said she was with Brynhild. Henri walked around back and saw Brynhild training Valkirya and it looked like she was enjoying herself. 
