 This is the first chapter of book two for each new book I will go back to how I began the first off so you can see how things have changed for the characters.

With everything going on in this book I will be doing full chapters so expect longer story segments.

Let me know your thoughts on the intro? and getting full chapters?

*****

Henri caught movement out of the corner of his eye and stopped telling his tale to his daughter and soaked in the beauty walking towards him. Her long white hair had the sides braided so that they met in the back, her eyes a lovely shade of pink that showed her happiness, features looked delicate and lead many a person to see her as frail nothing could be farther from the truth, she moved like a dancer with such fluidity and grace that she seemed to float. Her pace quickened as she saw her husband and children, seeing her son sleeping quietly made her a little jealous of her husband and how he seemed to calm those around him let alone his "magic touch" as he called it. She wasn't convinced that it wasn't magic because every time their children cried it stopped once he picked them up, hell she had seen him do the same to his niece, nephew and even his granddaughter.

She watched as a smile crossed her face as her daughter ran to her crying mommy as the little trouble maker hugged her and began the magical chant of mommy that wouldn't stop until she answered her.

She kneeled down looked her child in the eye and asked, "What is it Ssikstealc?" which got a smile from her daughter and a smirk at her daughter's joy at being called an insult in her native Drow, to name a child sunshine when you live in absolute darkness was seen as insulting. Her daughter loved it, and for her, it reinforced just how much her life had changed.

Vilvra studied her mother before taking a serious expression asking, "Why were you, Auntie Mica and Auntie Shynta so mean to papa. Was he bad?"

She looked to her husband as he said, "It's time."

She didn't want to have this conversation with her daughter and knew he was right and said, "I'll tell you about it when we get home, papa's going to cook, and you know what that means."

Her daughter smiled ran to her father who grabbed her threw her a meter over his head as she giggled with glee. When he did it again, she used her ability to levitate and shrieked in laughter as her father looked at her as Vilvra floated up another meter before she canceled her levitation, laughing as she fell into her father's arms.

She asked between pants from having laughed so much, "Your making ribs papa?"

He just smiled and knew he was now making ribs as he looked at his son nodding that he was. Vilvra leaned in and saw her baby brother's big blue eyes and said, "When you have teeth you'll love papa's ribs." She smiled, her father knew she was going to have more fun with her brother or maybe at her brother's expense as she said, "That is if you're really my brother."

Henri picked her up and put her on his shoulder to the cheers of Vilvra. Her mother set the groceries on the bench and activated the ability to levitate. Vilvra watched as they rose to her mother's chest and with one hand she pushed all the bags and walked away as if she owned the area which wasn't far off her husband owned the land for at least 20km in any direction from the grocery store. Vilvra was amazed by how her mother did what she wanted and never seemed bothered by the looks others gave her.

Vilvra remembering her father's story asked, "Mom are you really an alien or was papa funning me?"

Vilvra's mother looked to the man she loved and said, "Really honey an alien, next she is going to think she was born by exploding out the chest of someone."

Henri laughed and replied trying not to smile more, "Are you sure she didn't? If you're not from Earth then you are an alien, hell if you're not from France you're an alien. So did I say anything wrong."

She shook her head and said, "You have all the tact of a snake-headed whip, you know that."

She looked up at her daughter and explained, "What your father was trying to say is that your Aunts and I are not from here. That doesn't mean we don't love you, we love you very much we just want you to be strong like your father. Clever and good looking like your mother, in a few years you will go to your Aunt Shynta and begin learning about my people as her niece she will be very hard on you, once she is finished you will go underground and learn from Aunt Mica who will be even harder on you. My wish is that you grow and become a great Drowess in the eyes of both worlds. Vilvra you have learned kindness and compassion from your father and me, but the world is not always kind or compassionate, so your aunts will teach about the darkness in every soul. Our dream is that by knowing that darkness, you will be able to lead them to the light."

They walked the remaining kilometer home several people stopped Henri to talk about some problem or to thank him, few if anyone had anything to say except for their neighbors one of whom was getting up in years and needed help around the house and probably someone to talk to. She thanked Henri, smiled a warm, genuine smile and called toward her home, out walked an elven woman dressed in priestly garb holding a pie in her hands. The elven woman curtsey was polite and respectful and met with a nod from Henri and his wife as the old woman looked at Vilvra and said, "I have been teaching Amnestria how to bake, and I need an honest opinion how she did, are you up to this challenging job."

Henri shook his head as Vilvra told widow Parmentier that she would be happy to between looking to her mother and father for permission. Henri thanked Ms. Parmentier and promised himself that he would bring over a plate for both Ms. Parmentier and Amnestria along with a bottle of merlot.

Walking into the kitchen, they put up the groceries as Henri headed out to get the smokehouse going Vilvra and her mother sat down as her mother asked, "How far did your father get in telling our story?"

Vilvra filled her mother in and inquired, "Mom, what drew you to dad?"

Vilvra's mother looked out the window and saw her husband and began, "I would have to say that he accepted me for me. Would you like me to pick up where your father left off."

**********************

After three more weeks on the surface, Henri's former Drow captors are finally able to stay in the light with only a little pain. He should say most of them, Zilvra seemed unaffected by the sun now. Henri doesn't know if that is a good or bad thing, they have been spending a lot of time together as she learns more about things on the surface, she now knows what poison ivy is. He tried to warn her about touching it, she wouldn't listen and has to admit it was kind of nice to have to rub calamine lotion all over because she didn't wash the poison ivy off. Most women back home aren't that fit or muscular and still womanly. Henri thinks she would stand a good chance as a ninja and would definitely be able to pass force recon training, because of how fit she is and her natural agility, she is in many ways like a gymnast, well a gymnast who would greatly enjoy kicking your ass. 

At first, he thought Zilvra was nothing more than a grunt who didn't think about the fallout from her actions. Clearly, she and her kind do way too much plotting, kind of reminded him of the story about the tribe of Indians that had too many chiefs so they couldn't do anything but plan, backstab and in the end the lack of teamwork got them all killed. In the short time on the surface he has gotten pretty good at riding a horse, still not used to how damn sore his ass is, but now he knows why women love riding and horses. He always wishes they would act more like a team, he has broken up at least three fights between Zilvra and Zyvin. Henri has to admit if Zilvra gets her hands on Zyvin she usually gives a lot better than she gets and tends to use what he has taught her on Zyvin. Zilvra is getting pretty good at karate still not even close to giving him a fight. He guesses she has enough time to be a grandmaster if she sticks with it. Zyvin has proven herself a good teacher Henri can now make a fireball a cool looking ball of fire that burns everything within it, kind of like being able to cast a Molotov Cocktail and yes it did lead to another rune.

After talking with Brynhild and Zyvin, they have come to the conclusion that the woods near Delliletum has to be the home of the largest surface Drow village, Brynhild was told those woods were haunted, and that is why no humans lived or went in there. Henri thinks this is the perfect place to leave Zilvra's family with their own kind and let them deal with them. Except for her father the rest of them are nothing but a huge pain in the ass, he feels sorry for Alak having to deal with it for so long. He keeps getting the chills whenever he is around Ethevrar'yl something about her isn't right she was the last person to adjust to the light, and at times he gets this feeling like someone is walking over his grave. Henri has grown to trust Zilvra's father who seems to be looking out for his own ass and Henri can trust that Alak strikes Henri as a businessman looking for new businesses to delve into. Belarbreena has finally started to come out of her shell if you will, she keeps telling him how different she feels with their child growing inside her, she has even said that by communing her magic has gotten much stronger.

***********

As they left Mikhail's farm and rode off towards Delliletum Ethevrar'yl broke a message capsule and told Dark Sister that they were moving and would be going to the Drow village she would message again once they got there. A mental message was sent to Intra, by a very twisted mind flayer completely under the control of Lloth and given to her general for the coming battles.

"They are on the move my empress," said the mind flayer's thrall

Intra replied, "Good, are your hooks into her?"

The corrupted said, "Yes, my queen and she still doesn't suspect that the pellets have been adapted to extend my range, needless to say, her turn has started. I have tried to reach the others, and I was blocked by either the young one's defenses or this is one of the guardian's powers." 

This disturbed Intra.

She answered, "Then we are too late for them; the human has forced them to join him." 

She didn't like this that meant she couldn't use Belarbreena and Zilvra, she also hoped that they didn't kill this pet. Intra still hopes she can capture Belarbreena once she found out Belarbreena was with child, the mere thought of power her people could have. Intra sends for Halisstra Lolth's general and tells Halisstra to move out on the blasphemers and join with their other allies already on the surface. The Dark Sister move out with the Istra's driders an army of 4000 march towards the surface, among them those who were thought to be dead in the destruction of House Hla'ath as part of the Unmentionables. 

As the Intra thought to herself, 'and so the last great war on Alirota begins.' 

She orders all combat units to Undermountain for the assault on Winterspire. Mounts her lizard and rides off towards Deepspire. Intra gives the orders for all of her people not going to Winterspire to march for the gate to Deepspire where a gate to earth has been built.

***********

As they rode on, Henri let Brynhild lead for several reasons, one she knew the area and two her men were used to taking her orders. This gave him a chance to spend more time with Zilvra, he knew the next few days would be her last with her family and even though she doesn't get on well with them, she still needs them. As Akordia got used to the surface and Henri she began to loosen up, she still thinks he is going to double cross her, not that Henri could blame her, she was Drow after all. He has told her several times he is only as good as his word, so breaking it doesn't help him. Henri figures she is starting to realize that he is telling the truth, or so he hopes.

Henri presumes the old saying about teaching an old dog new tricks is most certainly true in this case. The one he can't get his head around is Ethevrar'yl, he knows she hates him, but Henri would have thought she would be happy to know that soon she will be rid of him. Something is up with her, and Henri just wished he knew what, everything about her was off from how long it took her to adjust to the light to the level of pain she is in when in the sun. Henri ponders how the Drow that they are going to see are, he sure hopes they are much livelier bunch than those they left behind because he doesn't how much more of the scheming and plotting he can stand. 

***********

Firewine had fallen back asleep she found herself in her pub and saw flames shoot into the pub. As the place began to burn she ran out the front door of the pub. Instantly she saw the pub from above as she flew away she flew over the bay and past the ships coming into the port. She looked at the water she saw that she was the same gold dragon with silver wings and blue hair from her nightmare. 

She awoke and looked at her bed she had shredded it. She looked at her right hand, and she saw a three-clawed hand with claws almost as long as her main-gauche her arm was a gold color and had fine scales, she looked nervously at the place next to her. To her relief she saw nobody there, as she looked back she saw the claws molding back into her hand. Was she losing her mind? She had seen the claws go back inside of herself, she studied her arm and hand no sign that such long claws had ever been there. 

After getting dressed she headed to the pub for a much-needed glass or five of liquid courage. Once that first drop of that magical elixir hit her luscious lips, she felt much better. As she checked herself in the reflection on the silver goblets she saw something truly disturbing her emerald green eyes were now gray, no not gray but silver and just for a second she saw them slit like a snakes, then they were green again. 

'What the fuck is going on' she thought. 

Her world was fracturing into microscopic pieces right before her very eyes.

She tried to calm herself with checking last night's take and her orders coming in today. She knew her Ale and Mead were going be delivered today, and she opened her Strong Box and saw the small treasure hoard she was so happy she pressed the coins to her face and smiled deeply almost sexually. Firewine was snapped out of her reverie when Inga walked behind the bar, her instincts said to kill her, but when she saw Inga, she calmed herself. This wasn't like her; she had always had a trick up her sleeve now she was like an animal reacting to everything around her. The thought of her buried treasure crept into her head as she wondered if it was safe, the only way to be sure was to see it for herself.

She thought, 'I'll go and see if it is still there and clear my head.' 

She turned to Inga and told she had some old business to take care of. Inga was to be trusted, she was a childhood friend and confidant in the five years since she quit being the infamous pirate Spitfire, when Inga found her old friend washed up on the beach after her ship ran aground in a hurricane, she told no one about her boss/friend or where the money had come from. Firewine headed back to her room and turned it upside down looking for the amulet, she couldn't find it anywhere, and this gave her a bad feeling like she had been set up. Frustrated she gave up hoping she would find it when she wasn't looking for it like had happened many times before.

Taking just enough food for the trip, she headed off to the stables to get her prize horse that she had won after seducing the owner and getting it as a present from a wealthy would be fiancé, who Firewine said that she would marry if he could earn enough to pay her weight in platinum. As she went to get on the beautiful Arabian stallion, it began to buck and neigh trying to get away from her the horse was terrified of her. She looked in the horse's eyes and calmed it as she put her foot in the stirrup and tried to mount her horse the horse was thrown to the ground as she brought her weight to bare. Looking at the ground below the horse she saw that the horse had left an indentation as if it was trying to hold a massive weight like wagon tracks. She knew she had gained a little weight being a pub owner but not that much that a horse couldn't handle her.

Walking out of town beside herself trying to figure out what was going on. First, Firewine loses the amulet, then the claws and now her horse. She walked on heading towards her treasure she didn't notice the thieves who had tried to rob her following her. Three days later she came to a small inlet with a large ship that had beached in a storm the name read Norge, it was the ship of the famous pirate Spitfire. She went past the ship and to a small stream which led into the forest there in the woods was a small cave the mouth hidden by the overgrowth.

She climbed into the cave and walked towards the back, she was going to light a torch but noticed she could see just fine. This bothered her to no end, she was more concerned with her hoard then her ability to see in the dark for now. She found the place she had buried her treasure and dug it up quickly laying the gold and jewels out she curled up around them and fell fast asleep upon them. The thieves had passed the cave twice before they finally noticed the entrance to the cave they had spent the better part of a day looking for.

The thieves were trying to decide who would go in and see if she was in there, after much discussion one of the thieves was chosen, he stood next to a red robed mage as he cast two spells and the man disappeared from everyone's sight. He unsheathed his dagger and climbed into the cave. Firewine could feel someone watching her, she lifted her head and brushed a gold ingot off of her face. She looked around and there not ninety feet from her was a thief with a dagger in his hand, she saw him looking at her hoard and became irate. 

Her shoulders flair with agony, and it feels like two sharp daggers are protruding from her shoulder blades. Her fingers merged and those long claws come out, she feels her bones growing longer, her face and neck begin to change, and she feels a weight behind her as her tail starts to grow. The sheer joy of her extra strength and power was somewhat intoxicating as it coursed through her. The look in the thief's eyes is priceless as he screams. One swipe of her clawed hand and three pieces of thief later Firewine feels great having slain the one who tried to rob her. 

Outside the screams alert the others as they start to rush in. Firewine can smell the others and begins to move closer as she sees the others enter. She takes a deep breath and gets an oily taste in her mouth, she knows this taste very well, as she exhales she see a cone of flame shoot out ninety feet long and filling the cave entrance. Two of the thieves escape their fiery death and run she lumbers out of the cave and see them running along the stream. She starts running and flaps her wings as she climbs up into the air, using unbelievable eyesight she tracks down the two they split up one turns right and crosses the stream the other turns past her old ship, she banks and follows the one that crossed the stream. 

Firewine dives down and snatches the thief and starts to climb in the air and out to sea, the thief squirming, after fifteen minutes she lets the thief go as he drops several thousand feet to the ocean below. Banks back to the beach heading in the direction the other thief went, and as she begins the search she sees a bolt of lightning come flying up and strike her. Circling back she starts looking for the last thief or should she say mage, she catches his sent and heads off in that direction, she sees him readying a spell she looks the other way then in a flash she dives at him as he turns to run try to dodge her bite as she snaps her head back. She feels her teeth sink into his flesh, she can taste his blood on her tongue.
