 Natalie Beaufort pulled weakly at the chains which bound her and, for the thousandth time, wished she were somewhere else.

Less than a week ago, she'd been snatched off the streets of Aversol by some faceless criminal, kidnapped in broad daylight while on a shopping trip. Since then, she'd been passed between owners, usually drugged to ensure her docility, but she heard enough to know that she was currently in the clutches of a cult with a particular need for...innocence. Some dread ritual which would use an untouched maiden to channel dark powers.

It went without saying that the chances of said maiden surviving the ritual intact in body or spirit was remarkably low.

She couldn't tell exactly where she was, but from the slightly briny air Natalie guessed that she'd been taken to a cavern somewhere along the Dreadsea Coast. There were any number of small inlets and hideaways in the remote parts, she knew. Her father had often grumbled about pirates raiding his ships and lying low when the sea elf patrols came hunting. Sometimes the corsairs got away with it; other times, they didn't, but the prospect of plundering a nice galleon or two was enough to attract the greedy or desperate among the Empire's criminal element, those who didn't mind the risk if it meant a chance at high-class loot.

But the Dreadsea Coast wasn't just home to common pirates. Here, those who were pressed too closely by the worthies of Aversol's city watch fled to have privacy in their twisted depravity. Here, too, lurked whatever creatures that had crawled most recently from some rift in the mountains, drawn either to the relatively balmy climes of the beach or to the chill of the unforgiving ocean. A dangerous cult? Why, to hear the whispered tales bandied about in civilized quarters, a cult was practically child's play.

Of course, as Natalie was currently the captive of one such cult, such distinctions were all but academic.

"Nouhia," the head cultist intoned. "Ki'eyu, enæmi zoubi, nouhia..."

She whimpered. That aspiring whorelock knew all manner of lust charms to use on her. Natalie hadn't picked up much about the cult leader, other than the obvious fact that this was one sadistic bitch, but she could tell that the woman seemed to favor one or two fairly simple sexual incantations. The one being chanted right now had been used several times in the days leading up to the ceremony for no apparent reason other than to toy with the helpless captive.

"Nouhimi makan, sukæ."

It was happening again. What felt like invisible feathers were tracing up and down her body, and every time she tried to clear her head one of them would slip somewhere sensitive and distract her. With a frustrated moan, Natalie writhed in her bonds.

They'd kept her on edge for hours the last time she'd been exposed to this spell.

"Sukæ. Sukæ."

Did she detect a note of satisfaction in the cultist's voice? The hooded woman seemed to be taking twisted enjoyment in her suffering. Behind her, several members of the cult gasped as the runic circle amplified their victim's pleasure, the waves of lust radiating into the audience.

"Memoun."

Of course, the cult wouldn't toy with her forever. Now that the ritual itself had started, there would be less room to fool around, even with a vessel as tempting as Natalie. She was to be prepared for the sacrifice.

The sensations were coming on too fast. Above her, the cult leader bent down and caressed Natalie's pussy. She could almost hear the triumphant smirk in her voice.

"Cum for me."

Natalie screamed, the unnatural lust-magic surging through her as warmth flooded her lower body from the cultist's fingers. She squirmed, her hips thrusting upwards involuntarily, desperately pressing into the source of her torment. This wasn't a slow seduction, now. It was becoming difficult to even think straight.

The pulsing magic which suffused her body redoubled, the new sensations crashing over her like a rogue wave. Hardly a moment passed before she cried out a second time, as the whorelock laughed cruelly at her condition.

Helpless, lost in a whirlwind of arousal that drove her to new heights with such relentless intensity that she hardly had time to draw breath, Natalie thought she saw something move out the corner of her eye. Was the cult changing the script?

Then the whorelock whispered a word that seemed to linger in the lust-drenched air even as it fled from her comprehension. Natalie's head flung back as pleasure wracked her slender frame. "Please," she gasped, "mercy! Mercy, oh g-gods, please, please -"

White-hot fire seemed to pass through her, and Natalie knew no more.

---

It was from an uneasy sleep that Natalie awoke.

She was lying on something soft. The light was warmer, too. Natalie shifted uneasily before realizing that she was unbound; with trepidation, she opened her eyes.

This was different. Rather than a dark and forbidding cavern, she appeared to be resting in a large well-lit tent. Someone had helpfully laid out a bedroll for her, and her body was covered by a thin cotton shift. It wasn't much, but Natalie felt intense gratitude to whomever had taken the time to preserve her modesty. The cult hadn't been keen on allowing their captives the luxury of clothes.

A rustling at the front of the tent drew her attention. One of the flaps was pulled aside and a tall red-haired woman strolled in. "Ah, you're awake." The stranger hurried over to her and knelt, unfastening a flask hanging from a bandolier. "Here." She gestured towards Natalie. "Drink. You've been through a lot."

Natalie accepted the offered flask and took a sip. It was definitely alcoholic. Her father didn't approve of over-indulgence, but she knew that watered wine was common among adventurers as a way to keep water drinkable for extended periods of time. The Natalie of a week ago might have thought it uncouth to imbibe, but this one didn't care. She took another, deeper pull at the flask before handing it back.

"Th-thank you." Her voice was weak. Something about the red-haired woman was familiar, but Natalie couldn't quite place it. "Were you the one to rescue me?"

"Sure was." The stranger grinned. "Took us awhile to find the right place but we got there in the nick of time. You won't have to worry about those cultists anymore."

Now that she thought about it, Natalie definitely recognized that face from somewhere. The casual jauntiness, the orange-red hair...her eyes settled on a small scar next to the woman's eye. Everything clicked into place for her and she sat bolt-upright with sudden fear. "Y-you're Kassandra Westerlark!"

The notorious slaver bowed to her. "The one and only. My friends call me Kass."

"Th-the scourge of the Ever Forest! The Red Terror!"

Kassandra's grin grew wider. "Those names are also accurate."

"The taker of maidens! The ravisher of virtue!"

"Well, now, I think that's a bit of creative license." Kassandra Westerlark chuckled as she settled herself into a more comfortable position. "I see they're still printing the old wanted posters if you recognized me that quickly. It's alright. I'm working for your father."

Natalie blinked. "You what?"

"Your father hired us to rescue you. It was a paying job, and I'm not one to turn down work like that." She shrugged. "Besides, I kinda figured it wouldn't hurt to do good for once in my life. You're going home, Natalie. You're safe now."

"Oh." To Kassandra's surprise, the girl hugged her. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I didn't mean to give offense. Thank you for saving my life."

"You're welcome," Kassandra responded automatically, a bit stunned. This wasn't how she expected it to go, she thought, reaching out to hold Natalie in her arms. The poor thing was trembling. Whatever ritual they interrupted, she realized, must've been really tough on her.

"It's alright, kid." Absently, Kassandra brushed her fingers through the girl's hair, hoping that she'd calm. It seemed to make Natalie cling all the tighter to her rescuer, suddenly vulnerable. "You don't have to worry about that cult, I made sure of it myself. They won't hurt anybody. We'll be back to your home as soon as we can, alright?"

Natalie's breath shuddered in her chest. She wanted desperately to fly apart, to panic, but Kassandra's gruff voice managed to be almost soothing, under the circumstances. Here was strength and protection, even if it did come from a notorious outlaw. She was safe.

"How can I ever repay you?"

"Oh, uh, there's no need." Kassandra sounded almost surprised. "I'm getting paid by your father, remember? It's alright."

"No, I mean," Natalie drew back so she could look the other woman in the eye. "How can I repay you?"

"Oh!" Her rescuer glanced away. "Really, it's...I mean, I wouldn't, you know, you've been through a lot," the bandit floundered, "and I wouldn't think of pushing you into anything."

"You wouldn't be." She took a deep breath. "Tradition, right? The noble hero rescues the maiden and gets a reward. A tale as old as time."

The bandit captain had a wry look on her face. "You sure it's not just the aftereffects of that ritual we interrupted? Because I've been on the business end of one or two or those. Hells, it's been hours since we grabbed you out of there and I'm still feeling a bit hot myself. Even a novice whorelock can really mess with your head."

Natalie thought for a second. "No, I don't think so," she said. "I know my own body. It's not really any more than I'd feel from reading a particularly suggestive story." She blushed. "Um. Father's library is huge, and I don't think he's even visited the back shelves in years, if ever. I...may have glanced at some of the titles."

She paused a second to gather her thoughts. "Look," Natalie said quietly, "I need this. I want to forget what happened, okay? Make new memories to replace those ones."

A hand came to rest gently on her shoulder. "As long as you're not feeling forced into it," Kassandra reassured her. "Really, I can make do for awhile."

Natalie rolled her eyes. "Uh huh. Yeah, and you'll be distracted the whole time you're escorting me to safety because you're being so noble. Are you going to lecture me about the virtues of abstinence next?"

Kassandra had a wry look on her face. "You don't mince words, do you?"

"Mincing is for cooks and servants. Of course not. Now get your trousers off."

The bandit laughed. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me. Get those trousers off." Natalie affected as haughty of a voice as she could while trying to stifle her giggles. "It is an honor to be served by a lady."

"Oh, of course, yes milady, I abase myself before thee," Kassandra said, catching on, grinning as she started to disrobe. "Shall I draw us a hot bath for afterwards?"

"No need to be cheeky." Natalie gently pushed her towards a nearby crate. "Now, sit."

Kassandra sat, legs akimbo, regarding the younger woman with amusement. "Are you going to be all day with this?"

"Only if you ask nicely."

"No thanks, I'm not a fan of edging." Kassandra watched as Natalie settled between her legs. "Can I call you Nat, by the way?"

"May I call you Kass?"

The bandit bared her teeth in what was technically a smile. "Sure, as long as you don't call me Kassy. Last one to do that couldn't walk straight for a week after."

Natalie reached a hand out to rest on her rescuer's hip. "Sure thing, Kass. Let me know if you need me to slow down."

"Why do you think I'd - ooh!" She nearly jumped to her feet, but Natalie's arms were wrapped around her waist at this point. "Give a girl some warning, Nat!"

Her reply was muffled slightly. "Aw, is the big strong bandit too sensitive?"

Kassandra rolled her eyes. "No, it's just that - ngh - other folks don't dive right in like that." She shuddered. "Oh gods, where did you even learn this?"

"Like I said, I read things." The girl pulled back slightly so that Kassandra could see the mischievous glint in her eye, delivering one more teasing lick before continuing to speak. "Doesn't mean I'm not an innocent, perfectly proper debutante."

"Really now." Kassandra wanted to say something playfully sarcastic, but Natalie's mouth kept short-circuiting her thought process. "Well, I won't tell your father about this if you don't. Fair enough?"

A contented hum was the only response she got as Natalie returned to her work. Those lips were doing perfectly sinful things to her nethers, making Kassandra gasp and squirm.

This is fun, Natalie thought. The name of Kassandra Westerlark was feared and respected throughout the land, so hearing her moan was intensely exciting. She considered reaching down to touch herself but decided against it. Right now, all of her focus was on making the bandit cum.

What next? Thinking back, Natalie remembered an interesting story and got an idea. It's a good thing that Kassandra's got such a long name. First, the K. That was easy: a quick up-and-down pass of the tongue, and then left-right with the other two lines. Then the A. The S was a quick squiggle back and forth which she repeated, and a shudder from Kassandra let her know that she was doing things right. Maybe there wasn't anything to it, but spelling her lover's name helped her to focus on exactly what she was doing with the tip of her tongue.

"Fuck, oh fuck!" Natalie recognized the way that Kassandra was tensing up, her thighs tightening as she hurtled towards orgasm. "Ah, ah, AAAH -!"

Her powerful legs clamped around Natalie's body, trapping her against her nethers as a powerful climax rocked her body. For her part, Natalie didn't let up with her tongue until she was sure that the last of the aftershocks had died down.

Straightening up, Natalie wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and gazed upon her handiwork. Kassandra had slumped over, an expression of blissful relaxation upon her face. It looked like she might doze off at any second.

Well, that just wouldn't do.

"Hey," she said, sliding into Kassandra's lap. "You're not going to fall asleep on me, are you?" She kissed the bandit's cheek. "It's not polite to keep a lady waiting."

Kassandra cracked one eye open. "Girl, you're no lady. Nobody all prissy and proper has ever done that to me before."

Natalie basked in the compliment, one that she never would have thought of accepting before now. "I'll have you know that I am of age and I made my debut at Lady Carrington's dance three months ago. I am too a lady." She kissed Kassandra's other cheek. "Now, watching you was nice, but when are you going to give me my turn?"

Two muscled arms drew her close. "How about right this second?"

Natalie was laughing as Kassandra swept her off of her feet and carried her over to the bedroll where she had awoken. Gently laying her down, Kassandra settled next to her, close enough to place kisses along her neck and shoulder while reaching down with one hand to trace teasingly down her pelvis towards her pussy.

"Please," Natalie panted, "quickly!"

She didn't know if she could stand much more of a delay, after being toyed with for days by the cult and then later, bringing her unlikely lover to orgasm under her tongue. Kassandra seemed to understand. One finger, then two, slipped into her wetness, stroking her insides as the bandit leaned close to her ear.

"Good girl," she whispered, "now let go for me. I want to see you cum, Nat. You can do it, girl."

Biting back a feral howl, Natalie came apart in her lover's arms.

Kassandra was tender, more gentle than she would have expected. She held her close, whispering to her what a good girl she was, letting every ounce of tension drain from Natalie's body. As the girl took deep ragged breaths, Kassandra brushed aside a strand of hair that had fallen across her face.

"Had fun?"

Natalie giggled. "You'll have to help me to my feet. Give me a minute, though. I kinda just want to lie here for awhile."

They lay quietly, enjoying the silence until Natalie glanced up quizzically.

"By the way," she said, "what exactly happened to that whorelock and her cult? You never mentioned how you dealt with them."

Kassandra took a moment to weigh her next words. It only took an instant to make her decision.

"You know," she said, doing her best to hide a smile, "there's something that I think you'd like to see..."

They made themselves decent before leaving the tent, Kassandra hauling her trousers back on and Natalie readjusting the thin dress which she wore. It was only a short stroll from their tent to the rest of the temporary campsite. Kassandra had arranged this beforehand; she didn't want her young charge to have her sleep disturbed.

She'd been a notorious outlaw for many years, but Kassandra still thought that the way Natalie's mouth fell open in shock was absolutely adorable.

The whorelock had been absolutely statuesque, and that was still apparent, although right now her condition was a bit more desperate. A burly orc was messily plowing into her with almost businesslike regularity, holding the whorelock's legs so that her ankles were up by his ears. The captured whorelock, under different circumstances, would probably have been screaming with pleasure at the assault - but her cries were muffled by the dark-skinned woman riding her face.

"Oh." Natalie couldn't think of much else to say.

"That there's Ghaztul," Kassandra said, pointing to the orc. "He's my hired muscle. And the pretty lass is Zuri." The dark-skinned woman cheerfully waved. "She's a damn good healer. I mean, I also keep her around because she's kinky as hell, but mostly because she's still technically a priestess of Shallya."

Those robes, Natalie thought, were similar to those favored by the ladies who followed the goddess of healing and mercy. Of course, she'd never seen a priestess of Shallya with robes opened far enough to expose the entire front of her body. Zuri must have been an exhibitionist, Natalie mused to herself, because it was difficult to imagine someone being as obviously aroused without that extra boost. Or perhaps the whorelock was just exceptionally enthusiastic about pleasing her captors.

"Don't worry about the whorelock," Kassandra noted happily. "We'll sell her off somewhere once we train her up properly. The good thing about whorelocks is that they're already big-time sluts. Nice little bonus, really."

Natalie nodded, still dazed. "Yeah. Um. Can I ask a question?"

"Sure thing."

She couldn't quite keep the blush from her face, but it didn't really matter now anyways. "That bitch did all sorts of things to me, and, uh, seeing her like this..." She buried her face in her hands. "What I wanted to ask was, can I watch? Just for a bit?" 

Kassandra clapped an arm around her, laughing merrily. "Of course! Ha, we can wait another day before starting back, there's no rush. Maybe you'll want to swap out with Zuri once she's finished?"

Natalie poked her in the side. "Shush. Don't even joke about it." She grinned up at her rescuer. "I think I much prefer the idea of you touching me, anyways."

She'd have to return to normal life sometime. And sure, her father would be overjoyed to see her. But right now, just for a bit longer, she could have her fun. Watching Ghaztul's impressive stamina, Zuri's ecstatic gyrations, and the continued degradation of the one who had sought to take her innocence.

Who could blame her?