 (This is the final part of this story. Typically, I try to write these so that anyone can enjoy them, but there is a decent bit of backstory to lead up to this point. This one is actually really long for me. Probably more than double my other stories in this series. As usual, the sex is sprinkled throughout, but I also progress characters and the story a lot in this one. 

One last thing, this story is under scifi because it is science fiction with the effects of the pills. But it also encompasses several other genres within. Hope you enjoy it.)

*****

I woke up on a gurney in the medical wing of the school. Dr. Cylvia Vel was checking my vitals to my left. There was an IV in each arm. Alexis, Evie, Samantha, Tiffany, Adrian, Jessica, Rachel, and Liza were all in the room with worried expressions on their faces.

"Oh good, your up." Said Dr. Vel. "You gave us quite a scare."

The eight worried looking girls jumped up and crowded around my bed looking hopeful. I looked them over and felt myself swell again seeing them in their typical skimpy outfits. A tent began growing in my bed sheets and I hoped no one noticed. But they did, so I tried to change the subject. "What happened?"

"You mean you don't remember turning this school into your harem?" Asked the stern looking brunette doctor. Her dark eyes, despite having a severity to them, were quite sultry.

"Hey, I didn't turn the entire school into a harem." I said defensively. Oddly, as my anger rose, so did my erection.

"Fine then, two classes and part of the girls dorm is that everyone?"

Feelingly a little shamed at the truth of it, I confessed, "Well, there was the manager at walmart too." For some reason my shaft grew to its full size at that admission. It could not be ignored.

"Would one of you take care of that already?" Cylvia asked exasperated.

All eight girls dove to pull back the sheet and lift my gown. I instantly felt my balls tighten at the sudden exposure to this professional woman and her statement.

"Ladies, remember, we made a schedule for this?" The Dr. scolded.

A schedule? I thought. What does she mean a schedule?

She checked her clip board and said, "It's Alexis's turn." Seven girls looked disappointed while an ecstatic Alexis lowered her mouth down and started blowing me right in front of the doctor. My eyes went wide in shock.

Vel looked at me and said, "Calm down, your not in trouble. Well, you would have been if you hadn't of brought me such an interesting case study."

"What? What are you talking about?"

"That drug you started taking. It's had some unintended side effects."

That worried me, but it was hard to worry too much with Alexis's mouth all over my shaft. Her head seemed to be bobbing faster now. It was getting hard to concentrate, let alone hold my cum back. "Wh... Whaaa... What kind of side effeeeeeeeects?" I came in her mouth on the last word

She took it all into her mouth and held it there as she pulled off me. Cylvia handed her a test tube, which Alexis promptly spat my cum into. She then returned her mouth to my shaft to clean me up and grab any remnants of after cum that may seep out.

Dr. Vel took the vial, put a stopper in it, and placed it in a nearby refrigerator with three other samples in it. "Are all those mine?"

Vel returned and said, "Yes. And if you agree, I can start studying them."

"Wait, back up, why?" Alexis finished cleaning me off and recovered me with the gown and my sheets.

"That drug you started taking, had an unusual reaction with you body. It made you start producing more sperm, and I mean much more."

"Wasn't that the point?" 

"Yes, but not that much. We had to get the DEA involved to track down the manufacturer. Really shady place, I can't believe you were willing to take a drug you bought online from a place like that. Anyways, the chemicals that they use are supposed to theoretically increase your sperm production by maybe ten percent. But that's not even a guarantee. In you, it's increased the production by 300%. It somehow reacted with your body and genetics in unforeseen ways."

"OK, I understand that, but that still doesn't explain how I ended up in the hospital."

"Well, the male body isn't designed to have that many orgasms over such a short time span. You were doing the equivalent of running a marathon. You got dehydrated and your blood sugar dropped to dangerously low levels. I've been feeding you intravenously for the past three days. Even more, I've had to put two iv's in to catch up. Speaking of which, drink this."

Cylvia handed me a shaker bottle. The kind that bodybuilders use. "What is it?"

"1,500 calories and 50 grams of protein. More commonly known, in the bodybuilding community, as a weight gainer protein powder. Typically I would never recommend this to anyone, considering the calories in it are nothing but sugary garbage, but you need whatever you can get right now."

That scared me. "Am I going to starve to death?"

"No, you will have to eat about 10,000 calories a day until we can reverse whatever effect this drug had on you, but you will not die."

"Was that the only effect on my body?" I asked, thinking of how much my penis had grown in size in the last couple days.

"I think you know the answer to that." Without ceremony she threw my sheets down and pulled my gown up again. I was caught off guard by her cavalier attitude to my nudity. She grabbed my shaft and lifted it, and then took a ruler in the other hand and measured it.

That was when I realized that she wasn't wearing gloves. What kind of doctor doesn't wear gloves when examining her patients? I felt my balls start to flutter again. "You are now at nine inches long, and from what Evie told me, you used to be around seven."

Her handling of my shaft made it start to grow again. Cylvia noticed and looked at her clipboard. "Evie, it's your turn." 

Surprisingly, instead of giving me a blowjob, Evie instantly pulled her shorts and panties down and climbed onto the bed with me. She guided me inside her and started bouncing up and down. Evie going cowgirl on me made it a little hard to focus on the conversation with Dr. Vel.

"So, I'm getting bigger?"

"Not anymore. Once you stopped taking the medicine, you seemed to stop growing."

"Stopped? Ohhh!" I groaned as Evie started grinding on me. My hands went instinctively to her toned butt cheeks. "The last pill I took was yesterday morning."

"No, you're forgetting that you have been in a coma for three days."

Evie started doing circles with her hips which made me catch my breath before I could make my next statement. I slid my hands up her body from her butt. I ran them across her hips, up her stomach, and up under her shirt to her breasts. I fondled her breasts and gently pinched her nipples, which made her moan.

"No wonder I'm getting erect every 5 minutes, I must have a huge backlog of cum." Evie pulled her shirt off so that I could see her magnificent breasts. I sat up and started sucking on her nipples.

"Actually, you've been getting erect every hour on the hour in your sleep. I was going to drain the sperm via a tube, but your little harem here refused to let me. They said they would take shifts draining it with their mouths.

The image of them blowing me in my sleep was all I needed. I came, and as if on cue, Evie came as well. She collapsed forward onto me and begin kissing and nuzzling my neck as I caressed her back.

"That's another thing," said Cylvia, "your sperm has become a kind of aphrodisiac. It also increases the sensitivity of whomever it goes into and heightens their orgasm."

Evie began kissing her way down my body, taking a moment to play with my nipple with her tongue. When she got to my shaft, she licked it clean just as Alexis had done.

"Yes, they all insist on cleaning you afterward too. I think that is part of the afrodisiac. It's also partially because of the intense pheromones you are now putting off as well."

"Wait, are you telling me that I'm some kind of a sexual superhero?"

Cylvia rolled her eyes. "I guess, if you really insist on looking at it that way" I wouldn't recommend going out and fighting crime with that thing though."

Evie climbed off of me and covered me back up, but neglected to get dressed. Which was fine with me. "So, where do we go from here?"

Dr. Vel pulled out a clip board with a waiver on it. "If you sign this, you become my research subject for the next three months. You will be reimbursed for your time, but you will need to stay in this room for observation the entire time."

"What will this experiment entail?"

"You will have sex once an hour everyday. We will collect one sample of sperm, saliva, and blood everyday to study. I'm hoping that this study will help us improve our knowledge of sexual health. Everything from curing ED to increasing pleasure receptors in the brain."

"So, you want to pay me to have sex all day?"

"Essentially, yes." Said the doctor very solemnly. The idea made me erect yet again. "Samantha, it's your turn."

As Samantha began blowing me, I signed the contract. I was sure this was going to be a fun three months.

Three days in, and I was loving it. Dr. Vel put out a call for, what she called, milkers. Basically, women who would want to help relieve my pressure once an hour. Surprisingly, or rather not considering the level of pent up sexual tension at this school, every single student and female teacher volunteered to help.

I'm sure I wasn't everyone's first or even fifth choice, but when you're practically the last man on earth, everyone wants a piece of you. I had sex with fat women, skinny women, old, young, white, black, hispanic, asian, and even Dr. Vel took a few turns. But the one that surprised me the most was when Ms. Westchester arrived in my room.

Chel Westchester was the Dean of the school. She was the one that instituted the no sex policy. She was about as prim and proper as you could find. She even spoke with a RP british accent. She always dressed in a very demure pantsuit. She was also known for being so staunchly conservative on her moral code, that rumor was that she was still a virgin.

She walked in just as I was cuming inside of Dr. Vel. Vel saw her and immediately felt self conscious. She quickly climbed down and got dressed. "Well, I'll check on you again in a little while." Vel said in as reposed of a manner as she could pull together after squirting so much that it was dripping to the floor.

I quickly covered my lower half as Vel left. She tried not to make eye contact with the cold stare of her boss. Ms. Westchester finally let her go and walked up to me. She looked me up and down with a stern disapproving look on her face.

"I should have you fired for having sex with your students." Ms. Westchester said in her icy voice.

I felt myself flush in fear and started sweating. I opened my mouth to apologize, but she held up her hand to stop me. I held my tongue and waited nearly thirty seconds for her to continue.

"And I would. If you hadn't of made yourself so darned useful to our science program." Her moral code even stretched to her language. "We have always prided ourselves on being on the cutting edge of research. Every new discovery and advancement increases the reputation of our school."

She sniffed the air, suddenly noticing a new scent. The dean then walked around to the other side of the bed. She looked down and noticed Dr. Vels wet panties still on the floor. She bent over and picked them up delicately between two fingers. She had a disgusted look on her face, but still held them closer to her face than was strictly necessary.

She tossed the panties aside and continued. "That, is the ONLY reason I'm allowing you to treat this school like your own personal harem." She sniffed again, and I could swear I saw a brief break in the severe look on her face.

"I'm so sorry, it started as blackmail, and just went crazy from there."

Dean Westchester stared at me for several seconds before releasing an exaggerated sigh. "Well, let's see it."

"Ma'am?"

"Your penis. The piece of your anatomy that has turned my school upside down."

Out of everything I had done and experienced so far, this request made me feel dirty. It was the dean, I'd be nearly as shocked if my mother came in and asked the same question. I unconsciously pulled the sheets up further to cover myself more. "I don't..."

Her sharp voice cut me off, "As soon as you signed that waiver your body became the property of this institution! And that also means to me! So, show me your little prick, or I'll find you in breach of contract."

The fire in her eyes was not something I wanted to challenge. I immediately tossed the sheet off and pulled my gown up. I clenched my eyes shut not wanting to see her reaction. But there was nothing.

After several seconds I slowly opened my eyes. I was surprised to see she was staring at it. Not lustily like all the other girls, but like she was expecting it to do a trick. "Is that it?"

"I'm sorry, what?"

"Is that few inches of flesh really all that has everyone going crazy? I was expecting it to be bigger."

I looked down at myself self consciously. I was considerably bigger than the average male, even in my flaccid state. "Ma'am I'm currently limp, not to mention fear has me even further in a shriveled state."

She looked at me with expectant irritation in her eyes. When I couldn't figure out what she wanted, she said it plainly. "Get it up."

The dean kept surprising me the longer she was in here. "I'm sorry, what?"

"I said, masturbate, imagine having sex with one of your little sluts, whatever you have to do to get it up."

"Ma'am I..."

"NOW!" She screamed with rage in her eyes.

I started jacking off so fast that I worried that I might of caught fire, if Cylvia's juices weren't still coating me. I rose like a ladder on a fire truck as Dean Westchester watched. She seemed to soften and grow more attentive as I got bigger.

Finally, when it reached its max length, she spoke again. "That's not bad, I've had bigger, but that's not bad."

Such a salacious statement coming from the dean made my balls release a single drop of precum. It rested on top of my tip. "Is that the liquid gold that everyone is fawning over?"

I had never had anyone compliment my sperm before. "Um, I guess so."

"So, what, does it taste like chocolate or something?" I simply shrugged speechlessly. "Of course, how would you know what your own cum tasted like? Well, I guess if I'm going to speak coherently to the press about you, I'm going to need to know."

With that, she dabbed her finger on my tip and came away with my precum on her index finger. Then she tasted it. It was at that moment that I realized that I had to be dreaming. There was no way Ms. Chel Westchester just tasted my cum.

"A bit of a nutty taste, with a slight hint of sweetness. I think I need another sample though." As if on cue, another droplet appeared. Without saying a word, she bent over and took my tip into her mouth.

She sucked on it and swiped her tongue across the hole several times before pulling back up. She tasted it in her mouth while looking off into space for a few seconds. "You know, I think it's not just your sperm, I think the skin of your shaft has a taste too."

I chose not to remind her that she might be tasting Dr. Cylvia's juices as well. "Maybe that's one of the side effects of the drug." I offered.

"Yes, maybe. I think I'll get one more taste and let Dr. Vel know what I think."

Still unbelieving in the reality of the moment, I let dean Westchester fill her mouth with my shaft. She got down about a quarter of the way before I hit the back of her throat. She sucked on me for a few seconds, her tongue doing circles around me, before pulling off again. "That's surprising, I've never met a penis I wasn't able to swallow completely."

I was starting to question my dream hypothesis, because even in my wildest of dreams I wouldn't of imagined her making such a statement. Even more surprising was her next action. She leaned over and took me in her mouth again. She went to her limit, I felt her throat relax, and she made it another inch. She did the same maneuver again and again until her nose was in my pubic hair. I could see the imprint of my shaft bulging from her throat.

Finally, she pulled off of me with a pop. She smiled and said, "Much better." I just stared at her in admiration. No one had been able to do that since I had grown. "What?" she asked as I stared at her. "Oh, right, you need to be drained now don't you?"

I figured she was going to get Dr. Vel to finish me off. But instead, she began unbuttoning her suit coat. When she pulled it off, she folded it neatly and sat it on a nearby chair. She did the same thing with her white button up blouse.

And then I was staring at her in her white satin bra and pants. I had to admit, for a 51 year old lady, she had an amazing body, and it only got better the more I saw. She pulled off her pants revealing matching panties and long smooth legs. Then she unhooked her bra and her cantaloupe sized breasts bounced into view.

Last was her panties, which she turned away from me to remove. That revealed a beautifully shaped butt with her lips peeking between her legs. She turned after depositing the panties with the rest of her clothes, and I got to see that she was perfectly shaved.

She climbed onto the bed and was about to impale herself onto me, but I stopped her. I started guiding her pelvis up my body. "No, this is not for pleasure, this is a medical procedure." She stated.

I ignored her statement until her lips were touching mine. I gently gave them a peck, then I teased penetration with my tongue a few times, before finally french kissing her pussy. She was instantly on cloud nine. She was moaning moving her hips in circles on my mouth.

She orgasmed in seconds. She looked down at me with the first genuine smile I had ever seen from her. "I see why you're so popular." She said as she slid her pussy across my chin, down my chest and stomach until finally sliding my sword naturally into her sheath.

We were chest to chest as she slowly began to gyrate her hips with me inside her. I squeezed her butt before sliding my hands up her sides to her breasts. I kissed every square inch of her chest, breasts and nipples while squeezing them with my hands.

Then we were face to face. Which was more awkward than I thought it would be. I was having sex with her, but until we were face to face, my mind had lost the connection with who she was. I opened my mouth to say that maybe we shouldn't do this. But before I got a single word out, she shoved her tongue into my mouth and I forgot what I was going to say.

She was riding me slow and gentle as we kissed. I felt my balls tighten up getting ready to release their load just as her pussy started clenching with her next orgasm. I shot my load inside of her as we moaned into each others mouths.

We both unconsciously knew we weren't done though. I rolled her over onto her back and began thrusting into her with a little more force. She moaned and whined as she stared up into my eyes. Her whimpers grew to a crescendo as we both came again. She actually squirted a little this time.

Thinking we were done, I collapsed lightly onto her, nuzzling her neck with my nose. "I hope that wasn't all you got." I rose up and looked at her in surprise. "Get up." she said firmly.

I climbed out of the bed thinking I was in trouble again. But instead, she climbed out of bed and bent over it with her elbows providing her with support. She looked back at me expectantly. So, I stepped forward and entered her yet again.

I tried to be as gentle as before, but she seemed to be getting irritated with me. She looked back at me and exclaimed. "Come on, I pound my pussy harder than that myself!"
