 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 94: Meeting

For the next several hours, Selene gave Caleldir very thorough, often enthusiastic lessons on drow diplomacy and culture. It wasn't all pleasure, of course. There were in-between times where she actually taught him things that would be immediately useful to him. For public sex was not something that they were going to engage in anytime soon - not, at least, until Ashyr was back and safe and Duskhaven could publicly, officially take him as consort. 

Tsabdrin did as he said, and helped R.I.S.A. with the children - mostly play, but also brought his own input when it came to recent Drow history that R.I.S.A. could not yet be familiar with. Exhausted and happy, the children eventually crashed into deep slumber in time for Tsabdrin to pull away and join the rest of the party.

Soon, much of what Selene had to teach Caleldir was taught. Things had wound down to her lounging, reading and casually snacking. Caleldir enjoyed exploring the library, pulling a few of his favorite books off the shelf and glancing over them. He helped her a bit with the intricacies of his native tongue as well while he cuddled with her.

Risa and then Sornamal woke, and the old consort asked Risa to summon his children and Caleldir to his estate's dining room for one last meal and brief conversation before they took off towards the Negotiations House. When they joined him, he still looked rather worn but comparatively refreshed. A letter had since been delivered to the retired Consort, which he shared with the rest of the party.

"Rebel Duskhaven has responded. As I expected, they claimed to all be busy but one. The one, however - Selene's contemporary, Ethefein - has agreed to meet and negotiate at the requested House." He seemed optimistic as he laid out the letter on the table for all to see. There wasn't much information there except what he already mentioned. It did specify that he would be waiting for them there at a certain time, which by that time was roughly two hours hence.

Selene shifted uncomfortably in her seat, but her brother seemed about as optimistic as his father did. "Ethefein. Good. He'll be easiest to negotiate with if he's anything like I was at the end of my time with them. The rebels are not good at treating their youngest with enough respect."

"The rebels progressively alienating themselves from themselves?" Caleldir noted, tone thick with irony. "Not all that surprising, I will admit. I do not wish to moralize too much, but an important note can be made here that the drow social model is not exactly an efficient one. Ruthlessness can be effective, but pettiness almost never is. Anyway, I look forward to dealing with this fellow. I wonder if they are thinking of throwing him to the wolves sending him alone, though. Well, alone as far as family backup is concerned. I doubt he will be without soldiers."

"There are people there to keep the peace and magicks as well, of course. Strong enough to overcome most of our resistances. It was really the impressive work Grandmother set her people to doing. Ethefein won't necessarily feel the need to bring his own bodyguards. We are only bringing Tsabdrin," Selene explained. "But I suppose the three of us will be overkill compared to Ethefein. He has neither the breeding nor the power that we do."

The male Drow nodded. Whoever sired Ethefein - the same person who sired Ashyr, probably - must not have been magically gifted. Martially gifted, maybe, but nowhere near the close to paragon that was Sornamal.

"Ah, that makes sense," Caleldir responded. "I had this vague idea of it being something slightly smaller scale than I am now getting a picture of. I suppose that not being able to see most of Duskhaven, being as it is all in the dark, has given me a slightly skewed perspective on how big the city really is. Still small compared to an overworld city though, of course."

"Should I tag along?" Risa asked. "Not to the actual meeting, but stay near as back up. As usual, leave my totem here with Sornamal in case we need to beat a hasty retreat. Just to be prepared."

"I do not personally think it will be necessary, but I do not think it would hurt to have you nearby," Caleldir said. "I will leave that up to Selene, though. In the absence of Ashyr she is, of course, the boss." The thought occurred to him that if they could not find Ashyr, then Selene would be Matron. Which the haughty drow did not seem particularly anxious to be.

"If you can stay hidden, I would be useful to have you along, Risa. That can be our escape plan, should things go wrong," Selene told the artificial woman.

"I can definitely stay hidden if I need to," Risa said with confidence. "I will render myself incorporeal, then just hitch a ride on Goelon's ethereal presence."

Caleldir blanched. "Wait... what?"

Risa snorted slightly. "Your alternate personality's powers do not leave reality when he goes dormant."

"Ah... I suppose that makes some sort of sense then," Caleldir said. "I suppose that you have far more arcane knowledge than I. I have no idea how that might work."

"Point is, I can tag along not existing in the material plane, then exist there when you need me. Perfect for sneaking. I will need to cast that spell in my realm, though. My caster level is not high enough out here."

"Understood." Caleldir nodded. He stepped into Risa's portal.

Five minutes later he was back out. "Risa is now attached to me," he said cheerfully. "And undetectable. Also, unless your grandmother got a demigod to cast the spells on the place, probably able to resist it at least enough to keep the spell up inside. If that sort of situation was even warded against."

None of the drow expected Risa's current situation to be something that was warded against. They seemed to find it a bit amusing, in fact, how unlikely it was that she would have thought of such a thing. Everyone felt a bit safer and a bit calmer knowing Risa would be along - especially considering the fact that she was a hidden weapon. In drow society, 'hidden' was the best sort of weapon.

"Well. I suppose you three should get prepared to leave, then. I would suggest you go in disguise at this time, at least until you reach the house. We can't assume that the way to the House will not be perilous for you. Once you get there, however, it is less important that you remain hidden. I still might suggest you do so; the time is not perfect to reveal what is going on. If someone were to recognize you-" He cut himself off before he launched into a full-fledged lecture. There wasn't time for such things.

"Yes, thank you Father. We know what to do," Selene said with a great deal more respect than she addressed most people.

"You taught us how to act, after all," Tsabdrin said with a grin.

With a clear goal in mind, the party finished the quick meal that was set out on the table. The drow remained mostly quiet unless spoken to or asked questions; they were running scenarios through their heads, planning for as many possibilities as they could conceive. Then it was time for disguises, which Sornamal helpfully provided with a bit of potent magic so that his daughter had all her spells. Just in case. They were left completely ordinary-looking to all perceptions - even magical ones.

"Anything else you think we need, Caleldir?" Selene asked before it was time to set out.

Caleldir just shrugged. "I cannot think of anything. An escape plan in case of betrayal. And that is about it. If negotiations fall apart and we learn nothing, then we move on to other means. That is all."

They set off. It was a bit of a long walk all the way down the side of the cave wall that the Lltkharil Estate was nestled into. Usually, when anyone wanted to leave, they either flew or featherfell straight off the edge. They were always in some sort of hurry. This time, however, they left the estate in plenty of time for Sornamal to show them the secret exit to and from his living quarters. Because of course he had one of those. 

"This will bring you to a small house at the edge of the city. Little more than a hut, really. I can port you all through it so that no one will see you leave the house. I would say that you would have to walk back, as only I can activate the portal, but I think Risa will assist you with that," he explained.

Both Selene and Tsabdrin looked a little surprised at the portal's existence. Or, more accurately, that their sire would reveal its location to them - and, more importantly, where it let out. That had not been known to any of his children before. When they used it, they were indeed ported to a small, empty room partially drilled into the cavern hall. From the outside, it looked like many other abodes drilled into the walls that made a sort of apartment complex for the moderately well-off drow of the city. Selene took note of where they were then led them down a small street to a larger winding street that was lined on both sides with progressively more impressive city houses. That was until they got to the larger still central road where the focus shifted from residential to commercial. Down that road a little further, and roughly in the center of the city, stood the Negotiations House.

It was an impressive, sturdy building made of dark stone, imposing pillars, and vaulted ceilings. More than just noble drow entered and exited the building. Collared slaves, both in chains and out of them, alone and with drow chaperons went about their business among their master race. Everyone looked well-off and well-dressed there, as the truth was a rare, expensive commodity that only the very rich could afford. Frehelvi, of course, had a large presence here. Most of the guards were in their colors if they weren't in Duskhaven City raiment. Luckily, none recognized Caleldir despite his worries. In fact, no one paid any attention to the utterly mundane Selene, Tsabdrin, and Caleldir. The entered the building unchallenged, and suddenly felt the overwhelming compulsion to be truthful and non-violent (aside from Caleldir, who almost always felt that way). The spells at work there were truly magnificent. 

They were surrounded by small booths in the main chamber of the room, but there were other sectioned-off areas where slave auctions were being held. Selene ignored those and went up a set of grand stairs at the back of the hall up toward the balcony that wrapped around the building to give the upper floor view of the lower. All along the balcony were doors to smaller rooms, some of which had doors wide open, others that were shut. Selene went directly to the left toward the first open door with 'Duskhaven' written above it. 

Finally they were at the place where they would be negotiating. It was an impressive room mostly filled with a wooden table that upwards of twenty people would fit around. Off to the side, however, there were more informal couches surrounding a low, round stone table. As Ethefein was as of yet nowhere in sight, it was to the couches that Selene approached and sat upon. "Tsabdrin? Can you acquire some refreshments?" She asked as she settled onto the soft furniture. "I would ask Caleldir, but he doesn't know where anything is."

Tsabdrin nodded and left the room.

"Well. Here we are. Please sit next to me, Caleldir. But not too close," she said as she patted a portion of the couch next to her.

Caleldir sat down next to Selene as instructed. "This place is quite nice," he said, impressed.

Selene's mouth quirked a brief, proud little smile. "Yes, it is quite nice, isn't it?" she agreed softly. "My Grandmother was an amazing woman with many resources at her disposal. This place, though... it's usually even busier than this. Ashyr's city is suffering." There was a brief moment where her expression displayed concern. After that, however, her features smoothed to passive haughtiness - not an expression she often used around Caleldir and her other companions anymore.

After a couple moments sat in silence, Tsabdrin came back into the room with a tray in his arms and with a pretty little halfling with a collar carrying a second, lighter tray. Then, seconds after, Ethefein finally made his appearance. He was right on time, actually, whereas his cousins were just a bit early. Behind him walked a huge, gnarled orc in chain armor with weapons at his hip. He also wore a collar along with a surly expression. Everyone got settled into the couches (except for Tsabdrin and the Orc; as acting bodyguards, they stood behind the people they were protecting), the platters were laid across the table, and the halfling left the room again with instructions to leave them at peace but wait outside should they need more refreshment.

"I have come," Ethefein said with a guarded expression. Not that anyone present would notice the difference, but he looked only slightly less tired and haggard than he did when he was caring for the children. His hair grew out a slight bit, which meant it awkwardly fell into his eyes and generally looked like a nuisance. There were slight bags under his auburn eyes, which must have took quite some effort to obtain for an elf as young as he was. His clothes were nice, though: well-cut, clean, and fashionable in a muted sort of way. "What did you want to discuss." 

Caleldir nodded. "You are here indeed. I am Caleldir Blackdawn, you may have heard of me. Ethefein of Duskhaven, I presume?" 

Ethefein inclined his head, owning up to the fact that he was, indeed, Ethefein of Duskhaven.

"As for what we have to discuss, well, I have heard that it is the custom in most of the Drow Underdark to skirt around and imply the matters at hand, but I have no use for such dissembling. So, I will put this very bluntly: you rebels have employed a certain mercenary to cause havoc, kidnapping me (I have since got away) and now kidnapping another member of our faction. We wish to negotiate for her return, for the sake of not escalating a conflict that will destroy so much of Duskhaven that neither faction could possibly get what they want: rule over a wealthy, intact city. We are prepared to offer a good deal of wood in exchange." He ran his hand across the table. "A good deal indeed," He emphasized, letting his tone imply riches beyond imagining.

Ethefein kept his face very carefully passive through all that was said. The only expression that may have crossed his face was thoughtfulness, which wasn't really indicative of anything. His bodyguard was no help in discerning what was going on, either, as he continued to look surly.

... but then the rebel Duskhaven looked toward Selene, and his eyes narrowed and darted down to her stomach. It caused the female drow to shift ever-so-slightly in her seat, which was the only indication of the discomfort she felt. Then the exchange was over, and Ethefein looked back towards Blackdawn. 

Caleldir noticed the whole thing, and guessed Ethefein was now aware of Selene's pregnancy. And was wondering whether or not one of the Duskhaven rebels was the father, no doubt. Well, let him wonder, then. He was upset on Selene's behalf, of course, but able to keep that under wraps.

"Lumber is a valuable resource in Duskhaven," Ethefein pointed out rather redundantly during the nonverbal exchange. "It could very well be a bargaining chip here. Wood is cheap compared to information and people, however. There would have to be quite a bit on the table, so to speak, for me to be tempted to reveal what I know about another abduction," He said with a small, confident smile.

Selene's mind brushed against Caleldir's consciousness - they'd been connected so intimately so many times that she could easily make the connection if he was nearby. The fact that she carried his child only helped the situation. She never forced the link, however. Sexually, she was forceful sometimes with Caleldir. Mentally, she was incredibly gentle and considerate with both her lovers. 'I can't get a read on him' came her very anxious voice even while she sat there beside him, looking completely passive if not confident.

Well, that was unfortunate. -I will try to get him to think more directly on that, then,- he said across the link. -Shock him into lowering his guard. I will pretend to not know how valuable what I am offering is.-

Caleldir nodded. "It came as a slight surprise to me to note that wood was valuable at all this deep. Where I came from, it was rather plentiful thanks to... well, that is not important. The important thing is that I brought a good deal with me through means that I care not to explain. How about..." he affected a face of concentration. "Hmm... how about 5,000 cubic feet?" He said this terrifying amount with the easy manner of someone who was offering a low-ball estimate of something they valued very little. Which was easy for him to do, of course, since that much wood was pretty much just twenty-five largish trees. An afternoon's work on the surface. Down here, that was years of concentrated effort now that they had exhausted the underground stock and had never figured out how to regrow it. "As a starting amount," he said. "I can vouch for the quality of this. Hardwood, softwood, mana-enhanced... I have a lot of wood." Internally, he smirked at Selene over their psychic connection at the innuendo, but externally he faked at being a naive newcomer trying to pretend to be a canny operator.

Selene didn't seem incredibly amused at Caleldir's innuendo. Unfortunately, she just wasn't really in the mood for it. 'Ha.' She communicated sarcastically. Still with a passive expression, the mage picked at her robes to place them a little more artfully across her body and the couch. It hid her stomach a little better, though it was too late to conceal it from her cousin and, by extension, the rest of the male rebels.

The Duskhaven rebel blinked, which was the extent of the surprise he showed on his face. "That could possibly be a good start," he admitted calmly.

'Well, I can tell that he's thinking about what could be done with all that lumber - he might as well be screaming it at the top of his lungs. Nothing helpful.' Selene informed Caleldir, annoyance in her communication, but not in her body language.

"For that price, I will tell you what I know about an abduction of one of yours," Ethefein decided with a slight incline of his head. "But there is more, I must admit, that I can tell you. I have information about Selene, in fact, that I think you would be very interested in hearing. But I will not accept lumber in exchange for that information." Another confident smirk, one that made his resemblance to Ashyr very apparent. Like when she ran into a battle that she knew she was going to win.

"A good start? Hmm..." Caleldir said, acting like he was thinking of how much he could raise the price. "What you know about an abduction of one of ours," he mused. "Very specific language, that. What if you knew nothing? How do we know we are not trading good lumber for bad information? No offence, Ethefein, but we know that your kinsmen do not keep you in the know, kick you around, give the annoying jobs, blame you for losing the kids, and in general do not respect you. So, I am not sure that you actually know anything of value to us anyway."
