 Tags up front: Aphrodite, goddess, fantasy, power fantasy, mature, male-female sex, maid, wish fulfillment.

*****

He awoke to find Breanne showered, dressed, and sucking on his cock. Scott felt a small pang of longing as the implications of the first two details became clear. The seductive pleasures she lavished upon him with her mouth and that look in her eyes made that both better and worse. She paused to say, "I've never loved doing this before now," with a saucy wink, and then returned to the deed.

She worked him with her hand and her mouth. The sensation seemed to overload his cock, running down his legs as if to bleed off the excess pleasure. "I haven't had much experience myself," he admitted. "You could drive me out of my mind."

"I'd like that," she said. This time instead of returning to the act she sat on the bed and stroked him. "But I promised I'd be someplace soon."

Scott glanced at the clock to find it was already late in the morning. He considered his words and his feelings. "I think my conscience is winning out over my selfish side, but it's not easy."

"Should I stop?" she teased.

"You're incredible. You gave me the best night of my life. I'd really like for it to go on. But you need to do what's right for you, and only you know what that is."

Breanne looked at him affectionately. "You're not an ordinary college kid." Her hand never left his cock. "You were an amazing help to me last night. You took good care of me. Will you let me return the favor?"

"You gave me a place to sleep," Scott laughed. "Maybe the sex was mutual, but I feel like I owe you for that."

"Don't even think about it. But that's kind of what's on my mind. I remember what it's like to be a college student. Perpetually broke and all that. You mentioned last night that this trip was a big stretch for you even before getting robbed and put in the hospital. I'm doing pretty well with or without Richard. He's not the only executive in this relationship. I'd like to make your trip home easier."

"You don't have to do that."

"I don't have to do this, either," she said, bending over to take him into her mouth again for a few more intense, expert strokes. "But I like doing it. I'm not paying you for last night. I'm helping a friend."

Any objection born of chivalry was overwhelmed by her touch and her gaze. Her affection and her sincerity were too much for him to refuse. "Okay. Thank you."

"Good. I already made some arrangements, since I wasn't going to take no for an answer. Go down to the front desk when you leave, give them the room number and your name. They'll get you a driver to the airport and everything else. Anything you want from the restaurants or the hotel gift shop, just put it on the room. Don't be shy about it. I want to make you comfortable, not just help you scrape by."

She crawled beside him on the bed and kissed him. "And I want to know how to get hold of you again in the future," she added. "I don't know if I'm through with you."

Minutes later, Scott watched her go...which was why he saw Aphrodite step out from behind the door almost as soon as Breanne closed it.

"I did a good job on you," she declared. Her eyes roamed his naked body. "That was great."

Scott recovered from his surprise quickly. "Yeah, it was. That was unbelievable." He got up from the bed to reach for his pants, or at least his boxers.

"No, no, don't get dressed," Aphrodite said. "I like you like this. And so do you."

He slowed down to consider it, and then realized how much he really did like the open desire in her eyes and her grin. Modesty and self-conscious habits fell away. She liked him naked. So did his previous company. He accepted, then and there, that he could enjoy that. Scott stood up and stepped a little closer, though Aphrodite warned him not to come too close with a subtle tilt of her head.

"Oh, I'd like that," she said, "but we have to be careful about touching, remember? It wouldn't take much to leave you passed out and coming all over yourself. I'm more than happy to give you that, but it would interrupt our chance to talk. I'll have to content myself with looking."

"Right. Sorry," he shrugged.

"Don't be. I just had you. All night long, and that little bit just now," Aphrodite smiled. "I'm the goddess of love and you're my herald. Every woman you fuck is also me. Every time you make love, you're also making love to me. Every time you make a woman come, you make me come. And I feel you, too, Scott," she added. "I'm a woman, but I feel your male pleasure, too. Every sensation and every emotion you and your partner experience." She made the slightest gesture toward his erect cock. "I get to feel everything you feel." Her voice dropped a bit. "I'm sorry if it seems one-sided, but for me it's total intimacy."

"That explains why you put such a priority on picking someone you like," he considered.

Aphrodite nodded. "Don't try to guess my desires. Pursue your own. The happier you are, the happier I am. Doesn't have to be kinky or wild or one-up on your last fling. If you're turned on and she's turned on, I guarantee you I am, too. And yes, I really like you, Scott. A lot. Never question whether you have my approval. Here," she said, tossing him a small, golden orb that she produced from seemingly nowhere. "Eat this."

He caught it in his hands. "An apple?" he asked. "Wait. Is this the same...?"

"No, this one's Norse. I got it from Idunn. Whole different angle," she smiled. "It'll keep you young and help you live longer."

"Wait, Norse gods? How many others are there?"

"A bunch. Not all the ones you've heard of in mythology, but most. We're all pretty distant now. A lot of us really got our asses kicked by this whole monotheism fad across the West, but it's not like we're dead. Just can't be as flashy as we used to. There's no core to that apple, by the way. Eat the whole thing. You must be hungry."

He couldn't argue. Scott was famished. Though it tasted like a natural apple, it was the most delicious apple he'd ever tasted. "Wow. How much longer will I live?'

"Not forever, but much longer than ordinary mortals. It'll rub off on anyone you're with enough, too. Or inside, if you want me to get graphic," she added with a wink. She sat on the long dresser on the opposite wall. "So. About last night. It was incredible for me, and I know you had the time of your life...but it could've been better."

Scott looked up at her, noting her playful tone. He swallowed the next bit of apple. "You have critical feedback?"

"I do. Obviously I directed you toward Breanne. Normally it won't be like that. The magic I've worked on you generally runs on automatic. You will find partners and they will find you. The opportunities will keep coming. But I thought starting you off this way would get a few points across better than me just telling you."

"You said this was 'solving problems with my cock?'"

"And you did. You found a place to stay. Someone to stay with. Cleared up a few other little inconveniences for your trip home, too. The point to all this, Scott, is that you can do this all the time. You will do this all the time. Trust in the blessings I've given. You don't have to go home at all if you don't want to. You could linger and fuck your way through Europe if you wanted. You'd leave a trail of happy women in your wake. I know you want to get home, but this is exactly the sort of thing you can expect from here on out."

Scott made a face. "Isn't that what they call a gigolo?"

"Everything Breanne gave you was out of her own free will. And if she came in here right now and asked you for anything, and I mean anything from a foot massage to playing bodyguard to waiting outside while she confronts her fiancée, would you turn her down? No, you wouldn't. We both know that. You, me, and your partners will know you're more than a gigolo.

"I wanted you to see that the job will take care of you. You're basically my personal sex worker now. There might not be a paycheck and bureaucracy, but you will be rewarded. Lavishly."

Scott hesitated, but it wasn't as if he had anything against sex workers in principle. "I've got more than my part-time job to get back to. I have classes. Friends and such."

"Friends are important, sure, but the rest? You work for me now, Scott. You're not going to need that other job anymore. You don't need a degree from a college. This is your career. Fuck and have fun. This will take care of you. I may only have tasks for you once in a while, but you're always on this payroll.

"As for you and Breanne specifically...well, first off, you worked way harder for that than you needed to," she chided.

Scott paused as he was about to take another bite. "I talked to her for like five minutes! Ten at the most. And then we were all over each other in the elevator."

"Your cue was when she said she had to get over her fiancée. Your line was, 'Y'know, I've heard the best way to get over someone is to get under someone else.' That would've done it. And that's still making a whole build-up scene out of it."

"Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously! She dropped a couple of obvious hints. You might've picked up on them but you were still thinking like the humble, ordinary Scott Murphy of last week. You're the new and improved Scott Murphy. I like you sweet and humble and caring, but you're built to fuck now. Women know it. You knew she wanted you with the way she was looking. I gave you the warning system for anyone you shouldn't play with. That's all you need.

"You're meant to use and enjoy the blessings I've given you. It's as much for the pleasures of your partners as it is for you. I want you to seduce and ravish and unleash the inner sluts of your partners for their pleasure and joy as much as yours.

"Which brings me to another thing: you could've kept Breanne," she said, with a little less humor but a little more gentleness. "She dropped those hints. And I know you wanted to."

Scott considered her suggestion carefully. "I thought I was supposed to give her a night to get some perspective. Like maybe I was here to put pressure on her husband or unlock whatever other kinks they had?"

Aphrodite laughed, but not harshly. "No, Scott. If I want you to fix someone's love life, I'll tell you." She gave him a long, adoring look. "You fucked her like she belonged to you, and she loved that. It's exactly how she wants it. You listened to her, you obviously cared about her, and you hit all the right notes in every physical way."

"So it's okay for me to just steal women away from their men?"

"Remember what I said about consent? And about giving you perfect instincts? Lots of women are better off 'stolen away,' or even just being shown they can do better than where they're at. Even if it's only a fling, it can be very healthy. I'll steer you away from damaging any real love. Leave that to me and go with your desires. That decision of whether it's more than a fling is mostly up to you, because you're pretty great now if I say so myself.

"That's the other thing I wanted you to see with this. Breanne is close to twice your age and it didn't stop anything. Your class differences didn't matter. She wanted you. She let down every guard for you. She would've stayed with you if you asked. I won't predict how things turn out with her fiancée if you leave her alone, but you wouldn't have to tug hard to have her. Not hard at all.

"I didn't send you to her to fix her relationship. I wanted to show you nobody is out of your league. Nobody. You hold all the cards. Don't be intimidated by wealth or experience. Don't ever think you might not be cool enough or kinky enough. Don't even worry about jealousy of your other lovers or affairs. I promise that will work out in your favor. All of it. I want you to follow your desires and take big risks and have fun. Okay?"

He took her seriously despite the smile he couldn't hold back. "Okay. I'll remember. I didn't know if I should start up a serious relationship this soon."

"You're bound to have several in no time," she winked. "You'll be surprised how okay they'll be with sharing. You don't need to rush into love, but you sure don't need to hold back, either."

"But still live like...?"

"I'm the goddess of erotic love, and you're my herald, Scott. The rules work differently for you because I say so."

It was a lot to absorb, but he believed. Every word she said, he believed. He only needed time to process it. "Anything else I should know?"

"You should've come in her throat with that first blowjob," Aphrodite told him casually. "You know that now, right? You know how potent you are? You know how much she loved having you in her mouth?"

"Yeah," he nodded, chuckling a bit at her blunt terms. "Yeah, I know that now."

"Good. Play, Scott. Play all you want, whenever you want. It's the best way to get used to your new role. You don't even know the full scope of your gifts yet, and there are more to come. I'll let you know when it's time for work." She hopped off of the dresser. "I can't stay long. Usually can't, really. And you have a long journey home ahead of you."

"I'm always happy to see you," said Scott.

"I know," she said, stepping in close. "I always see you. And I always feel you." Her lips came to his cheek, while her fingers lightly stroked his erect cock just once. He shuddered intensely, as overwhelmed by this as if he were deep in passionate intercourse. "Might want to do something about this thing before you wind up on a long plane ride."

He blinked as another shudder ran through him and then she was gone. He looked around the room. His only clothes were the ones he'd worn yesterday. His bags were all still down in coat check. And he was all finished with the apple.

"Shower," he told himself. "Shower. Food. Right. Priorities."

*****

Marianna closed the door to the suite behind her and checked it off on her route as finished. She brushed a lock of her long, dark hair out of her pretty face before looking on to the next room. The suites were all much bigger here than the lower floors. The tasks weren't harder than in the other rooms, but there was more space to cover.

Sick calls and other concerns left the manager shuffling people around today, which was why she was in the upper suites by herself. "I know you will go slowly. It's fine. Things are mixed up today," he had assured the young maid. "I will send help later. It makes the guests happy to see someone on the job."

She wouldn't be on the job for much longer. The manager had apparently already forgotten that she put in her notice the other day. Soon, she'd be behind a desk making twice her current wage, and not having to wear this uniform skirt and blouse every day. Everything was already signed. She just had to run out the rest of her hours here and hope the boredom didn't kill her.

Marianna glanced around the hall at the other doors. Many of them had "do not disturb" tags, making her job a little easier. At this point, she was sure she'd be done well before anyone expected, let alone before anyone else came up to help. Working alone at least got her away from gossipy co-workers. She wouldn't even mind if help never came. If she had to hear how being a maid wasn't "good enough" for her one more time today...

She knocked on the next door and announced herself. She heard nothing, knocked again just for good measure, and then looked at her list. The occupants were due to leave and perhaps already had. She ran her keycard through the lock and stepped inside to take a look.

She felt the traces of steam from the bathroom but heard no water running. Half the lights were still on, along with natural illumination coming through the thin white curtains on the glass balcony door. The bed was a complete shambles, with more than one telling wet spot on the comforter and the sheets. With an amused smirk, Marianna wondered whether this was a honeymoon or an affair. She liked the other idea better. It gave her more to imagine. Someone had a very good time in here last night. She wished she could have this sort of fun once in a while.

Figuring she'd want to air out the room, Marianna walked to the other end to open the balcony. Only on her way back did she see the pants, shirt, and shoes lying on the floor. She froze in her tracks.

The bathroom door opened and he stepped out. He was completely naked and gorgeous, rubbing his short hair with a towel. He was also completely, unignorably erect.

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" Marianna said in Greek. She held up her hands apologetically. The naked, beautiful young man seemed just as surprised and apologetic in his own language. Rather than use the towel to cover himself, though, he dropped it without thinking. Marianna didn't think twice about that, either. She couldn't stop looking at him with wide eyes.

He spoke more. She didn't understand English, but she recognized it, along with his tone and gestures. It took her a moment to look into his eyes rather than over his body, but she found nothing there to alarm her. This was only awkward. Nothing threatening. He wasn't angry. "Um. You are in front of the door," she tried, still in Greek, pointing behind him.

"Oh!" he realized. He seemed to apologize again and then moved to the side. He didn't step into the bathroom, though, or pick up the towel.

Marianna came closer, glancing at the door once or twice, but mostly looking at him. Her initial shock wore off quickly. This would certainly stay with her today. Nothing boring about the rest of her shift. Not with this to think about. She felt warm. Very warm.

"I am sorry," he managed in Greek, though with an obvious American accent.

"You speak Greek?" she asked.

He shrugged, gestured to his attractive chest, and said, "Tourist." He struggled to remember more words. "Ah...leaving. Today."

Marianna nodded, slowly edging toward the door, and therefore toward him. Her eyes lifted to his once more and saw him now looking her up and down, too. His embarrassed grin became a little less embarrassed and a little more humorous and friendly. She realized he wouldn't make a complaint about her, which was good. He obviously wasn't going to attack her, either...which almost made her a little disappointed.

That was a strange thought, she realized, now standing right in front of him. Strange, but honest.

"I thought," she said, unconsciously stalling, "I thought the room was empty." The man shook his head and shrugged. She then pointed to the "do not disturb" card still hanging on the inside door handle. Then he nodded in understanding, and stood and waited.

Marianna took the card down, pulled on the handle, and then placed it on the outside of the door. She turned back to him, hesitating, giving his body one last look up and down before their gaze met...

...and held.

The kindness and humor in his eyes faded into something else. Something much more compelling. Marianna licked her lips without thinking, just like she didn't think too hard about the way she had leered at him for the last several minutes.

He stepped closer and closed the door. Without looking away, Marianna's hand rose to throw the deadbolt.

He moved in close enough to kiss her with hot, lustful lips. His arms came around her, first just at her shoulders, then roaming a bit as her hands did the same. She let out gasps of excitement as his kiss devoured her and his erect cock gently stabbed at her belly, though it quickly slipped upward as they moved closer together. Submissive notes crept into her breath as one of his hands slipped into her hair, with his fingers spread wide throughout her locks. Dark fantasies she'd never even considered pursuing before now echoed throughout her mind. Fantasies were all well and good. This was reality...wasn't it?

Their lips slowly parted. She looked up at him wide-eyed and breathless, wondering how close this would get to her fantasies. She'd already committed with the deadbolt, but something in his gaze had assured her that if she pulled away, he'd let her. And then, with a word, he assured her that she wouldn't want any such thing.
