 Thanks to everyone who enjoyed the first chapter. I'd love to know what you think, so comments are appreciated!

*

Jack awoke to the most pleasant sensation, one he hadn't had the pleasure of enjoying for some time. Someone was sucking his cock, and doing an absolutely spectacular job of it. It was only after a few minutes of half-sleeping enjoyment that the prior day's events rushed back to him and he snapped awake, tossing the sheets back.

"Good morning, Master," Ginny said, pulling his spit soaked cock from her mouth. "Is this acceptable? I didn't know if people still engaged in fellatio nowadays."

"Uh, that's fine, you can go right back to-oh..." Jack groaned as she slid his cock back into her mouth, quickly taking him to the root. She stayed there for some time, lazily sucking his cock, apparently unconcerned with Jack's ever-increasing moans. Each slow thrust down his cock, she did this lovely fluttering with her tongue along the underside. "Oh, Gin, Christ," he muttered, his hands gripping the bedspread tightly. He wanted to grab a handful of hair and fuck her face, but didn't want to push her too far. Part of him shouted that he could do whatever he wanted to her, but he held back. Mostly because he had never had such an amazing blowjob in his life. Jack's alarm chose that moment to go off, surprising the genie and stopping Jack's pleasure.

"What's that?" she asked, still lazily stroking him.

"It's just an alarm clock. So I wake up on time," Jack said, leaning up to glance at the clock. He still had a few hours before his appointment, but he should probably get out of bed, he thought.

"So I should stop then?" the genie asked, a crooked smile on her lips. Getting no reply, she I pulled his cock back into her mouth, her hand still pumping. Jack relaxed back with a sigh, placing a hand lightly on the back of her head. She took that as a sign and went back to fucking him with her mouth, taking him deep into her throat.

"Gin, fuck... I'm close," he gasped. Gin moaned in response, the sensations making Jack groan anew. Jack tried to hold on, but Gin added her pumping fist to her mouth and with a shuddering groan, Jack jetted into her sucking mouth, pulsing again and again as she sucked him down, swallowing every drop. Jack collapsed back onto the bed, but Gin just kept sucking until he pushed her away.

"Was that good, Master?" she asked, giggling. Jack's quiet panting seemed to be enough of an answer for her as she slipped down beside him, snuggling up against him. Jack pulled her close, still recovering from his powerful orgasm. Eventually rousing, Jack pulled her close for a deep kiss.

"That was very, very good, Gin," he said as he pulled himself out of bed. He started the shower running, used the toilet and got his towel ready. Just as he was about to step in he realized something, a small smile forming on his face. "Hey Gin, come in here for a sec."

"Yes Master?" she said, entering the tiny bathroom. He had shown her the room last night, mainly to explain how to use the toilet.

"Come take a shower with me," Jack said as he stepped under the hot spray.

"You said that that was a bath," Ginny said, confused, but joined him anyway, standing just outside the spraying water. Jack pulled her directly under the stream, the steamy water pouring over her head, taking delightful trips down her perfect body. "Mmmm... This is nice," she murmured, pulling her soaked hair back behind her. Jack took the poof and filled it with soap, working up a good lather before washing the genie, starting with scrubbing her shoulders. "Master, I should be the one washing you," she said absently, but did not stop him.

"Shush. I assure you this is quite enjoyable," he said, now washing her breasts and belly. "And don't worry, it'll be my turn in a minute." This earned him a little laugh, which turned to a gasp as his soapy hand explored her sex. While one hand made sure her pussy was quite clean, his other explored her ass, groping her slick cheeks and exploring her crack. Ginny whimpered as a soapy finger teased her ass, but Jack just rubbed the tight, slick hole, teasing her as his other hand toyed with her clit. After teasing her sufficiently, Jack continued down her slim legs, dutifully scrubbing the soft skin. Reaching her feet, he picked up each one and scrubbed them before standing. "All done," he said, noting her flushed chest.

Without a word she took the poof from him and began scrubbing his chest and shoulders, moving to his back. She worked diligently and quickly, scrubbing down to his butt with quick efficiency. She slid a soapy hand inside, teasing him much as he teased her. When she reached his cock, she found him already quite hard, her soapy hands sliding along his length.

"Already?" she asked, clearly pleased. She stroked him lightly for a few moments, then slid her hands down to his balls, cupping and stroking them in her soft, soapy hands. 

"Well, the body's certainly willing," Jack said, enjoying her hands on him, "but I don't know how able it is. It might have to wait until I'm back from my meeting." As he spoke, he pushed her against the shower wall and slid a hand between her thighs. "Waking up with you... In your mouth, was a fantastic start to the day. I wanted to thank you is all." Jack's fingers worked slowly on her, gently rubbing her clit is slow circles. Gin slumped against the shower wall, moaning quietly as Jack teased her to a shivering orgasm, her thighs squeezing desperately at his hand.

"Mm, Master," she gasped as she came down, "that was lovely."

"It was," Jack said as he turned off the water and stepped out of the tub. Passing his genie a towel.

His genie. Jack's mind boggled. This was really happening! As Jack got dressed for the day, he wondered at what his future would hold. Ginny seemed quite unconcerned, quickly drying off and creating some clothes for herself. A very sexy business outfit: sharp blazer covering a silken blouse and pencil skirt. And glasses.

"Where did that outfit come from?"

"That show we were watching. The female attorney wore this. You said 'She's the cutest one of them.' So," she said, indicating the clothes.

"I see," Jack said, pleased. "But it's a little formal for just sitting around wear."

"Very well," she said, and the purple smoke whipped quickly around her. When it cleared, she was wearing short shorts and a thin, well worn tank top. "This is more casual, yes?"

"Yes it is," Jack said, loving the way her breasts pressed against the thin cotton. "That looks familiar too. Isn't that what Stacy was wearing last night?"

"Yes. It is quite comfortable."

"Gin... You can't just copy people's clothing like that. It will probably lead to more questions than you want to answer. I'll buy some more magazines today, it should give you a better idea of today's fashion, okay?" Gin nodded, quickly transforming her top to one of Jack's tee shirts. "Yeah, mix and match. That's better."

"Thank you. And I can tell you like the shorts, so I'm keeping them."

Jack laughed, turning to get his breakfast ready. As he ate some cereal, he flipped on a morning show as he ate. Soon he was answering Gin's questions about the people on the show, the musician performing, and explaining the morning's news events. As he found himself trying to explain what a representative democracy was, he made a decision.

"Hang on a second," he said flipping open his laptop. "I'm accessing something called the Internet. It's a network of information and merchants... Through it you can learn or buy almost anything. Okay?"

"That's... useful," Gin said, a little confused.

"I'm ordering some books. If you're sticking around here, you need to learn about... Like do you know who Genghis Khan is?"

"Who?"

"Exactly. You need a crash course in, like, everything." Jack just kept clicking "Add to Shopping Cart" again and again, trying to cover as much information as possible. "You can read English, right?"

"I can read any human language," she said absently, looking over his shoulder. "A People's History of The United States, Six Drinks that Changed the World, A Brief History of Time, Europe: A History, The Catcher in the Rye, The Soviet Experiment... Are all these necessary?"

"All of them, and a whole bunch more. If you're going to stick around, you're going to need to learn some basics. What state you live in, what pi is, who Isaac Newton is, stuff like that. I mean we can't tell people you're m-" Jack stopped suddenly. "Oh shit."

"What?"

"What the hell am I going to tell people about you... Where did you come from?"

"My name is Genevieve Powers. I've just recently arrived in town and you're letting me stay here. And I've just landed a great job as a wealthy fellow's mistress," she said, smiling.

"Hey! That's not... Well... Say personal assistant," Jack said, as he got dressed for his meeting. "We went to college together in Boston. That's where we met."

"Okay. Don't worry Master, it'll be fine."

"Okay." With a few last clicks on the website, he ordered almost three dozen books to be shipped as fast as possible. As he looked over the confirmation, he cringed. "Oh crap. I should have just bought a kindle. Damn it." While he was on Amazon he ordered one, along with the rest.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jack's meeting with the lottery representatives went very well. It was one of those classic situations of one group of people who routinely hand out millions of dollars all the time, giving money to someone who's never received millions of dollars before in their life. Jack just kept saying thank you as he signed half a dozen documents and was handed an envelope with a check in it.

After accepting the lump sum payment, and taxes, Jack was left with 41 million dollars. A far cry from the listed jackpot, but Jack wasn't complaining. Once he was alone, he flipped open his cell to call his friend Lexi, an associate at a local law firm. 

"Lexi, how are you doing. Can I retain you as my attorney, please? I'm going to be doing a bunch of business soon and I know I'll need one."

"Uh, sure? What kind of business?"

"Real estate purchases at the very least. It'll be billable hours, I'm not asking as a favor."

"Oh! Okay Jack, sure. I am your lawyer." Jack filled in a very surprised Lexi about his good fortune, and they arranged to meet later in the week. He called his friend Seth the financial planner next.

"Hey Seth what's up. I've fallen into a bit of money and I think I could use your services. I'm entering your building right now."

"Oh yeah? What is this, from your... Didn't your grandfather die? Or something? Condolences," Seth said.

"Thanks, yeah. But this is something else," Jack said, waiting until the elevator doors closed. "I just won about 40 million dollars in the powerball lottery."

"No fucking shit. You're fucking kidding me. You are fucking kidding me!!" Seth absolutely went nuts on the other end of the phone as Jack hung up, exiting at Seth's floor.

Two hours later, he had taken care of the money. Five million was put into long term, super safe bonds. Jack wanted something to fall back on, so even if he lost all of it at the track he could still retire with something. They put the bulk of the money into a variety of bonds and stock to remain as liquid as possible. Jack called Kai next.

"Sup Kai. What are you doing tomorrow?"

"I have an open house in the afternoon but nothing else, really. Why?"

"I'd like to look at some stuff."

"Some stuff?" she responded, amused. "Well, lesseee... I've got a three bedroom in Brooklyn for 2.4 million."

"Nah, I was thinking apartment buildings, rental properties. I'm interested in creating a revenue stream."

There was a pause on the line. "This is Jack Sommers, right?"

"I'll explain everything when I see you tomorrow at ten thirty, okay? I'm totally serious Kai. Investment properties, multifamily dwellings. Maybe some commercial space too."

"Okay Jack, sure. I've got a couple of things in mind already. I'll see you then."

"Thanks Kai. This will be awesome, don't worry." At this point, Jack found himself outside Ruth's Chris steak house. "Yes, a $40 hamburger does sound good right about now," he said to no one in particular, heading inside.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As Jack arrived back at his apartment building, he knocked on apartment 1A, his landlord's place.

"Jack, how are you," Mr. Antanopolis said, putting his glasses on. "What's the matter?"

"Nothing at all. I wanted to ask about 6B, the two bedroom? Is it still vacant?"

"Yes, yes it is! Are you interested in, eh, moving up? The rent's 2200 a month but... For you? You're reliable. I could go as low as 1950."

"Really?"

"Yes. You see, 6A, the Chows? They are moving to Arizona in two months. I'm about to have two empty apartments? No! So, you'll take?"

"I thought you were trying to sell the whole building? What happened there?"

"Trying, trying," the landlord muttered, annoyed. "It's been on the market for 11 months. I was asking 1.9 million, but... In this economy? I'd take... who knows what now," he said, shaking his head.

"If I give you two million in cash, how fast can you close?"

"Two million? Cash? You are serious?" Mr. Antanopolis asked, shocked. Jack nodded. The landlord's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Thirty days."

"Done." They shook on it heartily. "I'll have my attorney contact yours by the end of the day. If you'll give me the key, I'll move up to the top floor over the next few days." Mr. Antanopolis bustled off and returned with a set of keys and his lawyer's contact information. Jack was about to head up stairs to his apartment when he thought of something. "And my new personal assistant will be moving into my studio. Ginny Powers."

"Sure, who cares. It'll be your place soon, you deal with it!" the older man said, laughing excitedly. Jack thought that he could get used to days like this. As he opened the door and saw Ginny sitting on the couch, he thought he could definitely get used to days like this.

"Jack!" Stacy said from the kitchen counter, surprising the hell out of him. "Congratulations!" she said as she rushed in and gave him a big hug. "Ginny told me! How much did you end up winning?!"

For the second time in two days Jack found himself getting hugged by a beautiful woman. "Hey Stace. I, well, a lot of money, actually." He was a little upset with Ginny for telling someone, but he figured Stacy would have found out pretty soon anyway. He filled the ladies in on his exciting day, and showed off a few purchases he had made: a new coat, new sunglasses, a new smart phone, and an xbox 360.

"No playstation?" Stacy asked, laughing.

"Don't like the controller," he said, putting his stuff away. "So, uh, what are you guys up to?"

"Stacy dropped by to see what we were up to tonight, and I said I thought we would be celebrating. So..."

"Ah. Well I guess a celebration is in order."

"I can't believe you didn't come out last night! Must have preferred staying in, huh?" Stacy said with a wry smile.

"Well last night I still needed time to... get used to it, I guess," Jack said, looking over at Gin. "But yeah, O'Reilly's tonight. Let's do it."

"K. And you're buying," Stacy said, smiling. "If we're going out tonight I've got to get a bunch of shit done beforehand. Want to meet up at like nine?" Jack and Ginny nodded and off Stacy went, shooting "party fingers" as she left the apartment.

"Hello Master," Gin said brightly as she hopped off the couch, collecting some dishes and taking them to the sink. "So do you own the building yet?"

"Why did you tell Stacy about the lotto? What have you guys been talking about?" Jack asked, a little anxious.

"I told her because she asked what we did last night. Is it a secret?" Jack threw his hands up in exasperation.

"Gin... A great man once said 'mo' money, mo' problems.' When people find out you're a millionaire, they start treating you differently. And some people will start seeing me as a walking atm." Gin's brows furrowed. "A cash machine... A walking money dispenser." 

"I see. Well forgive me Master, I did not wish to cause you mo' problems." Jack laughed out loud. "Stacy asked a lot of questions, and I did my best to answer them."

"What'd you say?" Jack asked, suddenly very concerned.

"Stacy actually helped me. She asked something like 'let me guess, you're an ex girlfriend or something.' So I said yes, that I was an old girlfriend of yours from college."

"Okay... And then?"

"I said that were briefly involved back in college, where we first met, but that it had ended fairly quickly. I said that I had been traveling for work for some time, but had fallen on hard times when I arrived in New York." Jack nodded, this was all fine. "And that I had come looking for you, and that you had offered me a place to crash. That's the word you used yesterday." Jack nodded. "And I told her that you had offered me a job as your personal assistant after winning so much money in the lottery suddenly. And that's about it."

"That's... That's fine. You had me worried for a second."

"I think she knows we had sex."

"What makes you say that?"

"Nothing she said, but there is but one bed, and I did say that I was staying here. She doesn't strike me a fool, Master." Jack nodded in agreement. "And when she mentioned that you were a carpenter, and I guess I showed some surprise, she sort of laughed and said 'I guess you two didn't talk much last night.'"

"Oh yeah, I guess she's figured it out," Jack said, laughing. "She wasn't pissed off was she? Upset?"

"No... If I had to say, I think I would say she seemed a little jealous." This stopped Jack cold and he turned to look at her.

"Really? Jealous of you?" he asked, genuinely intrigued. He had never thought Stacy saw him as anything more than a friend. A good friend, definitely, as the two hung out a fair bit at O'Reilly's or just at each other's places. She had cheered him on when he picked up that nursing student two months ago, and had consoled him when it all fell apart two weeks later. But nothing had ever happened between them.

"Again, it wasn't anything she said. But a woman can sense these things, Master. A djinni even more so." Jack didn't respond at first, bringing his laptop over to the futon and putting his feet up.

"Well, let's file that under 'deal with later,'" he said, shaking his head. "I've got even more money to spend. It turns out both the upstairs apartments will be vacant soon, so instead of just renovating a two bedroom, soon I'll have a huge four-bedroom, two and a half bath monstrosity. It'll be awesome, but it means a lot of work..."

"A what?"

"A very large and luxurious apartment. New Yorkers are obsessed with real estate, and I'm going to create a... Well, an amazing place to live and make all my friends really jealous," Jack said, laughing. "I just spent 2 million on the building; I may spend half again as much on this apartment. This is going to be... Well, fun."

As he spoke, he bought up a list of work contacts and started making phone calls. Jack knew he would be able to do a lot of the carpentry himself, but with a project this size he decided to instead be his own general contractor and bring on some of his friends to do the work for him. And there would be plenty of work to go around, he thought to himself, plans already starting to form in his head.

As Jack made phone call after phone call, lining up workers and setting up meetings, Ginny watched her new master. She liked what she saw: She had seen good men and women go mad from the power of wishes, allowing greed and arrogance to make them into new, horrible people with little to show despite all their newfound wealth and power. Jack, so far at least, seemed to have kept his head on his shoulders. And now, she thought, I'll be able to stick around and see that he stays grounded. She smiled at the thought.
