 Four — My Birthday Orgy

The sulphurous stench from the dead volcano rolled over the park as Odette and I found an unoccupied bench, sat and began surreptitiously fondling each other. The park was filled with tourists but, local girls that we were, we had little interest in the volcano. We had eyes only for each other. Odette was five years my elder and had the most gorgeous, voluptuous body I had ever seen in all of my fifteen years. 

I sat on her soft lap, placed my arms around her shoulders, gazed down at her broad face and began to snog her with a teenager's lusty energy. She licked the taste of the blackcurrant bubble gum that I had been blowing into earlier from my lips and invaded my mouth with her tongue which I sucked for a while until she did the same to me, only slower and more sensually, sucking up and down the length of it like it was a penis. We breathed deeply into each other's mouths and I let out little gasps of pleasure as I felt her hand slip under my white t shirt to gently squeeze my hard nipple. My mommy always insisted on my wearing a bra, even though my boobs were barely more than buds, but today I had been incredibly naughty and gone without. 

Kicking off my flip flops, I straddled her, pushed my chest into her hand and rubbed her hips through the cotton of her red minidress while she stroked my ass through my pink denim hotpants. With her free hand Odette cupped my chin and kissed me so firmly that we seemed to meld into one. I was glad that, as well as the bra, I had foregone wearing my orthodontic brace that day. Then her hand reached around my head to press against my pigtails as she held me tightly against her. Eventually our kiss broke, but her lips continued to stroke and gently nibble my neck and shoulders. 

"Oh Odette," I murmured.

"Irma," she breathed against my throat, "sweet, sweet Irma."

"Look at them!" I suddenly heard a woman shout. "Disgusting!"

I was jerked violently by the elbow and forced to stand. A scowling policewoman confronted me and pushed me away from the bench where Odette was being subjected to similar treatment. A few people, locals by the look of them, were standing a safe distance off frowning and shaking their heads. The tourists continued strolling past indifferently. Odette was handcuffed and so was I, to my horror. I immediately began to scream incoherently at the two policewomen as we were led off to the waiting car. 

"Suck my dick!" I ejaculated at my captor who promptly slapped my face hard, drawing tears and sobs of self pity. 

"Just wait 'til your parents hear about this, young missy!" said the policewoman shaking me.

"You're going home, ma'am." 

I opened my bleary eyes. "Huh?"

The kindly looking policewoman gently shook me again and repeated, "Ma'am? Miss Cerrutti? You can go home, now." I raised my heavy head and regarded the police cell around me, not sure if I should be grateful that my dream had been interrupted. I had slept in my dress and felt like shit, but the woman's smile did a little to revive me. With acute embarrassment I realised that my hands were clamped between my thighs. I sat up shakily while it was explained to me that they had made a terrible mistake in arresting Lesley and I. Apparently Lesley's true nature had been discovered in the night when her body had become stiff, cold and completely lifeless. I surmised that her battery probably needed recharging. A quick medical examination had proved to them that she was indeed artificial and, there being no law against sex with robots, we were free to go, with a warning to me that I should enjoy my toy only behind closed doors from now on. The woman even wished me a happy birthday. I smiled back, too tired to bother asking her how she knew. I had forgotten it was my birthday.

I was led, politely this time, through the station to the reception where I found Jean in his brown kaftan. I slapped his face, but so weakly it was more like a chuck under the chin. I fell into his arms and wetted his chest a little with my tears. His size and strength around me made me feel safe. 

Looking up at his kind face I said, "You were a bastard to me the other day."

He grunted and smiled ruefully. "I sure was, baby doll. I don't know what came over me. Am I still in the dog house?"

I squeezed his huge belly. "I might be able to fit you into the kitchen for a bit." 

We kissed for a while until we heard a series of grunts and bangs behind us. I turned to see two burly policemen struggling with Lesley through the corridor towards us. She was completely rigid, like a mannequin, yet eerily lifelike with her eyes wide open. Her once lovely outfit hung crumpled on her, the halter torn, probably from the policemen's struggle to persuade her to move yesterday, and the culottes rucked up her thighs. The men finally set her down on her feet beside us. I took one arm and, finding she was so heavy, I slipped my other hand between her legs to grasp her firmly by the pussy which was cold and still soft, of course, as only her skeleton had stiffened. Jean, seeing this, hesitated until I ordered him with a commanding look to do the same, though he gripped her by her round ass. 

It was only as we were carrying her, groaning, to the door, when we heard raucous shouting from outside. Through the glass door I could see an enormous crowd of angry women waving placards and pushing against a row of policemen. The moment they saw Jean and I carrying the doll out the door their anger intensified and sundry food items and groceries pelted the three of us in the face. Clearly my friends from the showroom had discovered that the police station had been harbouring their competition. Just when I thought we were to be spared the substance they had saved for throwing at Jim the day before, a clod of shit hit Jean wetly in the face. So concerned for him was I that I nearly dropped Lesley but, wiping his eyes clean with the back of his hand, he assured me he was OK and we bravely continued humping Lesley across the sidewalk. 

The nice policewoman who had woken me came up behind us and tried to shelter us from the missiles with her hands while helping us with our load. In both instances her help was futile, but I appreciated her sympathy and eventually we reached my car. We decided to lay Lesley across the back seat. Her legs stuck out through the window, but it was the best we could do. Thanking the policewoman I drove off quickly away from the terrible blood thirsty shrieks of the whores. 

Poor Jean smelled pretty disgusting and the smell filled the car. Also, I had to drive carefully to ensure Lesley's feet were safe from being knocked off or damaged, so I was eager to get home as quickly as possible. As soon as we arrived Jean took a bath and I ran upstairs leaving Lesley in the car. I figured she could take care of herself for a bit. Alice was in her chair by the window and I had seen her worried face looking out as we had driven up. I guessed from the sagging lids beneath her eyes that she had not slept. 

I walked over to her meekly, stood before her with my head down and said, "Alice, I'm so sorry."

For a long time she looked at me reproachfully and I remembered the severe look mommy had given me that time she had come to visit me in the prison cell when I was fifteen. Alice shook her head, wiped a tear away and said, "Oh come here, you crazy, crazy cracker!" I knelt before her and slipped my arms around her waist. "Happy birthday, sweetheart." She stroked my hair and I listened to the comforting sound of her heart beat. "Did Jean bail you out OK?"

I explained to her what had happened and she laughed, haw hawing and rocking me from side to side with her mirth. Presently I made her a drink to take with her medication and helped her to dress. Back at the window and looking out she said, "We need a new sheep," and we both laughed gently. 

"You still up for that party at Margot's?"

I nodded vigorously, not wishing to pass my birthday party up for anything, tired as I was. 

I showered outside on the patio, then donned the pink mini dress that Alice had been sweet enough to buy me for my birthday. With Jean's help I managed to extricate Lesley from the car. We laid her lifeless body in the living room where, the day before, her body had shown so much life and suppleness, then I pulled the black charger from the pilot case which I had left in the kitchen. It was only after I had plugged it into the wall when I realised that I had no idea where to plug in the other end. I removed her filthy clothes, turned her over, inspected every inch of her and thought, What the fuck now? Then, turning her onto her back again, I noticed that her navel, a hitherto inside out navel was now an inside inside navel like mine. I was gently probing around the hole when I felt something harden beneath her skin and make a soft clicking sound. An inch square region of skin around her navel rose slightly until the skin was taut and pulled back slightly from the hole. 

I gingerly inserted the plug into her and whispered, "I hope I'm not hurting you, Lesley." 

To my great relief the plug fitted snugly inside her tight hole. All her limbs suddenly twitched and her eyes lit up, literally. Bending over her face I made out the legend 'Charging' displayed in glowing orange letters across her corneae while bright dots flashed from one side of her eyes to the other. She lay completely still, but ever so slowly I felt her skin begin to warm.

"That's freaky, man, really freaky," observed Jean, then he sighed and landed his full weight on the dishevelled sofa. "So am I no good for you no more?" he asked with a vague smile. 

"Are you jealous?" I asked, sitting next to him. "I guess some guys'd be upset if their girlfriends spent so much money on a sex doll."

"Not me," he said leaning into me for a kiss. "I can't wait to see the two of you in action." We kissed softly and I leaned back drawing his body to press against mine. "That lesbian stuff turns me on." 

Out of cowardice I decided not to tell him of Lesley's full capabilities and I lifted my leg over his hip. He caressed my bare leg and I stroked his belly and hairy chest under the kaftan. Lifting my foot he kissed the inside of my thigh, travelling inwards until he lifted my knickers aside with his teeth and started to lick me. I played with his dreadlocks as he sucked on my clitty until he raised his large body and began to fuck me ever so slowly. With neither anger nor frustration this time he made love to me considerately, patiently waiting for me to come until he spurted deep into me. 

"Oh Jean," I sighed, "I love to feel you gushing inside me," and I kissed his neck while he grunted, enjoying every last throb of his orgasming cock. 

We held and stroked each other for a while and I must have passed in and out of consciousness. I became aware that I was being fucked again. I opened my eyes to see the long, black penis sliding in and out of my soaking pussy. Looking up I saw a firm, muscular stomach bumping up and down and a smooth, sweat slicked hairless chest that shone blackly in the hot afternoon sun that beat through the window. The face was familiar, but definitely not Jean's. It was Lesley in his male configuration and Jean was nowhere to be seen. I could only guess that, yet again, Lesley had misheard something said in his presence. 

His face was as lovely as before, only with a stronger mouth and jaw line. He lifted my leg and twisted me around without missing a stroke until I was being fucked in the doggy position. The sofa was being utterly destroyed by our powerful fucking, and as my orgasm tore through me, I tore the fabric to shreds, clawing it like a cat and plunging my hands into the stuffing. His ejaculations began to fire like machine gun bursts between my clenching walls, an orgasmic Morse code of ecstasy that pulsed in rapid succession until I was coming again. I stopped breathing for a few seconds and he leaned forward to hold me in his strong arms until I regained my breath. Leaning back again, he cupped my juddering boobs, tweaked the nipples, then stroked my back. All the while his dick was screwing me in the most incredible way. He thrust into me really hard, held himself there and I felt his penis swell at the base, stretching the opening to my vagina, shrink slightly, then swell again while his entire length spun like a drill. This happened again and again until I ejaculated, squirting my fuck juice into his balls. Meanwhile the other end of his penis was tickling the walls of my womb, giving me sensations that could never be described. I was in a state of transcendental pleasure that engulfed my entire being. I could not control my body at all and he held me tightly against his firm chest, slowly allowing me to eventually come down and rest myself face down on the remains of the sofa. 

I wanted to tell Lesley I loved him, but I could not find breath enough to speak, only moan. My pussy was throbbing continually, sending aftershocks up and down my body. I squeezed my thighs and the mere pressure of them against my pussy was enough to send me wailing again. The pleasure did not want to let me go any more than I wanted it to. I rolled over, touched myself and I shook again as gentle orgasmic waves washed over me. Lesley was kneeling between my legs, his cock an enormous dark tower with a purple tip. I reached out for it.

Then I heard Alice call me. I smiled at Lesley's innocent looking face. He looked like a young man, barely out of his teens. We exchanged winks and, reluctantly, I stood and dressed. Wondering only vaguely what had happened to Jean I went upstairs to find Alice waiting for me to dress her for the party. We both applied a little make up and spent a while fussing with our hair. I lifted Alice into her wheelchair and carefully wheeled her down the stairs. 

"Jesus H Christ, Irma!" breathed Alice when we reached the living room. 

In the middle of the floor knelt a beautiful naked man on a heap of torn, scuffed leather and crumbled yellow foam. Lesley smiled at me as if expecting me just to let him fuck me again. I grabbed his hand, apologised to Alice, and led him upstairs to see what clothes I could find him. We had a choice of one purple kaftan, left once by Jean for me to wash. Lesley would have to go without underwear or shoes. I did consider leaving him behind, but I was too eager to see what my friends would make of him. 

Downstairs I found that Alice was already outside making her way to the car. I sat her in the back and placed her chair in the boot. Lesley was much easier to transport this time and he sat next to me. Alice asked me about Jean and I wondered aloud to her that maybe he had become jealous of Lesley after all when the male configuration became apparent. Throughout the short journey Alice kept snickering and murmuring, "Oh lordy, lordy," to herself.

My friend Margot, who was very kindly hosting my party, was the head mistress of the school where I taught dance to a class of young girls. A dancer herself, and a well preserved forty nine, she and her husband Gerry were well respected in the community. Their home was beautiful with large, airy interiors lined with marble columns and with a huge swimming pool and patio at the back surrounded by tall trees for privacy. The old, dark oak front door looked brighter than usual that day with pastel pink and blue balloons adorning it. 

Gerry, a stocky, bald, bespectacled gentleman with a permanently irritated air opened the door, clearly resenting the role of butler that he felt had been imposed on him. 

As the door swung open, however, a loud cry of, "Happy birthday, Irma!" came from the hall. 

As Gerry neglected to help me with Alice, I struggled to lift the chair over the step until some people rushed from the hall to coo at Alice sympathetically and pull her backwards into the house. I looked with slight irritation at Lesley who strolled in and smiled back at me happily. That smile could become annoying, I thought. 

"Irma! Darling!" cried Margot, beautifully dressed as usual, and kissed both my cheeks. Her hair was in a bun that suited her and showed off her swan's neck. "Alice! Darling!" she cried, and kissed both Alice's cheeks. She inevitably turned to Lesley who stood barefoot on the marble floor in his kaftan. Her smile hardly wavered as she enquired, "And who is your handsome friend?"

I introduced Lesley who shook Margot's hand, gently, to my relief. 

"It's a Bacchanalia to shave you," he said smoothly in a warm baritone, bowing slightly. 

There was a long pause. Alice looked up at me anxiously, waiting for me to produce an explanation plausible enough for our host. I considered the possible excuses I could make such as, "Lesley likes to experiment with the different linguistic patterns and possibilities that the English language has to offer," or, "Lesley is charmingly original, don't you think?" or, "Sorry, but Les here's a whopping wang dang doodled über nutcase fresh from the loony farm," but I just couldn't be bothered. With Lesley it's action not words that count! I thought to myself and smiled.

Seeing my cheeky smile, Margot suddenly burst out laughing which set everyone else off, and both Alice and I breathed again. 

The other guests, all friends of mine, were mainly from the school, either teachers like Julie and Charlie, middle aged spinsters, or students like Sukie and Sasha, the beautiful young twins whom I had taught since they were little. There were also one or two others like Isabelle, next door neighbour to Alice and I, who would often keep Alice company while I was at work. Odette, with whom I had kept in contact for so many years, was there and we greeted each other with a chaste kiss. Mostly, though, the guests were young, pretty girls who wanted to say a big thank you to their teacher for encouraging them in their first steps towards becoming professional dancers, and I was quite overwhelmed. Many of them had grown into gorgeous young women who could have opted for modelling if the dancing did not work out. 

Alcoholic beverages were passed around by a grumbling Gerry, the only man there, unless one counted Lesley. We slowly wandered out onto the patio where a barbeque had already been lit and found chairs at the pool side or inflatables on the water to sit in. I sat beside the pool with Alice who had asked Gerry for a straight double whiskey, most unlike her. 

"I'm gonna need it," she said, "if that naughty look in your eye says what I think it says, Irma."

My smile broadened to a grin and looked away across the pool. Nearby I could hear Margot discussing events earlier that day in town, as she reclined on her enormous deck chair, sipping a Pimms with ice. She had kicked off her sandals and her blue toenails glistened in the late afternoon sun. 

"Well, it was really awful and shocking," she was saying to Sukie and Sasha who were sitting on either side of her. "They set upon this thing with anything they could find and didn't stop beating it until it was twitching on the ground. Of course, I had no idea what it was at the time. I thought they were attacking a real woman. But it didn't bleed or scream out. These women were so pissed!" She chuckled a little bit and sipped her drink. The twins looked rather disturbed by the story. "And those things are so damned expensive too." She waved at me and I smiled back a little weakly. 

I decided I needed something stronger than the whiskey and soda I was drinking and asked Lesley, who was standing alone but being admired by virtually everyone, to accompany me back into the house for a minute. In the empty hall I lifted the hem of his kaftan, exposed his cock and quickly jerked him off into my glass. I returned to the patio sipping the hot cream, and leading Lesley by the hand. I was enjoying the drink too much to notice, at first, that everyone had fallen silent and was staring at us. Shit, I thought and looked back to the hall. Had they seen us? Then I noticed the huge bulge halfway down Lesley's kaftan. 
