 This woman was the perfect target, blonde, attractive, young and walking alone down a dimly-lit street. Dirk wondered if she'd heard about him--the stories of his conquests had been splattered in the papers for weeks--and if she did, how dared she walk down HIS street? He hadn't seen a lone female here for over a week and his cock was killing him. Dirk's dark soul emanated putrid delight as he crept up on the woman, then grabbed her from behind.

To Dirk's surprise, the woman didn't struggle. She just stood there, calmly. Her heart rate hadn't even increased. When he took his hand off her mouth and spun her around, she looked at him with a blank expression. "You have chosen the wrong victim." So she had heard about him. Fucking cunt! His cock grew hard, not so much over the sex he would have but the excitement of breaking this bitch, making her beg for mercy and not giving it to her. Dirk forced her into the alleyway and slammed her against a wall. She flinched a bit out of pure reflex, but never lost her composure. "You are making a mistake, but if you stop now you can still be redeemed."

Dirk slapped her and blood trickled from the side of her mouth. Still she did not cower. He ripped her shirt open, tore off her bra, and grabbed one of her tits. "You are getting closer to the point of no return," she warned. "You cannot follow the Evil Ones and expect to never suffer the consequences."

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, BITCH!" With a meaty slap, he forced her to the ground, lifted her skirt up, and tore her panties off. No way was she not going to scream now. He plunged into her, shoving her face into the concrete as he violently thrust in and out. Her response was nil but Dirk loved forcing her, anyway. Maybe he'd knocked the bitch out and she couldn't scream. He climaxed quickly and blood trickled out of her opening along with his semen. Still, he was really pissed off. He'd wanted her to beg him to stop, like the rest of them had done. There was one other thing he could do to make her beg. He pulled a knife out of his boots, then pulled the woman up by her hair and dragged her to the wall. She simply stared at him, her eyes and face devoid of expression. He held the knife to her throat.

The knife dropped out of his hand and he watched, mesmerized, as it fell to the ground and the long blade rattled, gleaming in the streetlights, the clattering metal calling out to him. He wanted to swim in the silver depths, allow the thick metallic liquid to engulf him. He perched himself on a rooftop and dove in, reveling in the sensation of sound giving way to silence as he broke beneath the mirrored surface. But now he could not move his limbs. He was drowning, struggling to cough up the fire water destroying his lungs and stopping his air. The silver sea was made of blades, cutting at his throat. Blood poured out of the gash and from his mouth and nostrils. He could no longer call out, having no dying breath.

Dirk was sitting on the ground, immobile, and the woman was looking at him. Amazingly, the wounds he had inflicted upon her body were gone, her clothes neat and tidy. She smiled, the first time he had seen any emotion creep across her face. "I gave you the chance to redeem yourself, Dirk Kentowski," she told him. "If you had let me go, your nightmare would have ended. Instead, it is only just beginning. So the spirits have decreed, and so it will come to pass." His desire to kill her had evaporated and been replaced by an icy fear, though he had no idea what he was afraid of. She turned to go. Her movements were so fluid, so graceful, that it appeared she floated above the ground.

He could do nothing but stare straight ahead. He had no idea how much time had passed when an intense fatigue overwhelmed him and a voice inside himself told him to go home. Walking was a tortuous chore. Each time Dirk took a step he felt as though he had to wrench his feet out of the hands of some demon clawing at his ankles. When he arrived at his squalid basement apartment, Dirk collapsed just steps inside and knew no more.

Another drop of muddy water splashed in his eyes and he awoke, sputtering. His face was thoroughly wet. A new crack had formed in the ceiling and water could be heard running in the apartment upstairs. Dirk cursed his neighbor and moved the slop bucket from the last place where a leak had sprung. Then he moved to the tiny bathroom and splashed fresh water on his face. His hands froze, then moved over silky soft skin and a face that seemed to have lost its definition. It had to be his imagination. Dirk toweled the water out of his eyes before looking in the mirror.

He gasped and the towel fell to his feet. The reflection was definitely him, but the face was more a boy's than a man's. The stubble he had expected was mere peach fuzz, thin and light peach fuzz, not even noticeable unless he stared at a close-up view. His features had softened remarkably. His eyebrows were thinner and his lashes longer, just like his hair, which had lightened from brown to dark blonde and was now just above his shoulder. His face was almost a different shape, no longer square but angular, and it matched the neck. Where the Hell was his Adam's Apple? A yelp escaped his full lips and sounded more like a high-pitched shriek. Dirk clasped his hands around his mouth, thin hands with long fingers and perfectly manicured nails!

Terrified to make another sound, Dirk stripped completely and examined every inch of his body in the mirror. All of his "parts" seemed to be in order, but the same transformation that had occurred in his face echoed throughout his body. He looked more a boy than a man. His once-proud 9 1/2-incher was now a 6 at best, and his balls had also shrunken. His pubic hair was still there, but it was different somehow, the texture indescribably altered. His feet were smaller too, his skin as soft as a newborn's bottom.

Dirk slapped himself, shrieking again. He was still there. He slapped himself again and again, drawing blood from the corner of his mouth, and HE WAS STILL THERE. Not since he was a small boy had he wanted to cry, and now he was having trouble holding it back. Numbly, he stepped into the shower and replayed the previous night's events in his head.

"So the spirits have decreed, and so it will come to pass."

He forced himself not to drop the soap even though his entire body shook with fear. Never had he feared a woman, but he kept seeing the blonde woman's face, smiling at him, then cackling. He began singing to himself in an effort to rid his mind of the woman, but the voice that emerged came from an alien whose tone was several pitches higher than his. He stopped the singing quickly. When he emerged from the shower and stood in front of his closet, he found that he didn't much like the jeans and tee-shirts there. He wanted something more colorful, something nicer to the touch...NO! His mind screamed at itself. He had to go for a walk, maybe get the paper. Yes, that always made him feel good, reading about his exploits on the front page.

On his way to the newsstand he passed a construction site. Several very large men with hardhats were whistling at someone. Dirk turned to see what it was that had attracted their attention, then felt horror creeping up his spine when he realized they were yelling at him. He definitely looked like a man, but his hair and features had made him a very effeminate man. "Hey, girly girl!" the burly man with the sledgehammer yelled, grabbing his crotch. Grabbing that huge bulge in his crotch, that huge throbbing cock just wanting to be sucked....Dirk shrieked again and ran away to a renewed chorus of catcalls and propositions.

His heart was pounding in his throat by the time he reached the newsstand. When the young male clerk made hand contact while taking Dirk's money, Dirk felt an electric shock in his crotch and salivated. Quickly, he headed for the "safety" of his apartment, grateful that he had no job to go to. Thank God and Uncle Sam for welfare. He took a shortcut so as not to go past the construction site again, a shortcut that led him back where he had raped the blonde the night before. He shivered even though it was well over 80 degrees and gasped for air.

There was no mention of him in the paper. Dirk was puzzled. Had the woman not reported it? Maybe not...He didn't want to think about THAT WOMAN!! He turned his attention back to the paper. A department store was having a large menswear sale. All men's underwear was 50% off through Thursday. Dirk studied the tight young male models grinning at him from the ad supplement, thrusting their hips forward discreetly, yet very suggestively. One blond man in particular was down on one knee, his hand halfway down his thigh, just wanting to touch that big bulge bursting through that thong...Before Dirk knew it, he had his dick out and was jerking off in the direction of the underwear model. He closed his eyes and imagined the man's lips wrapped around his cock, then his own lips wrapped around the model's, then the model bending him over and thrusting in and out, pumping wildly and moaning as he came right into Dirk's lovely little pussy...

The paper was splattered with Dirk's cum before he realized he had been imagining himself with a pussy. But it didn't matter to him so much, not now. The fatigue was coming over him again. He had to lie down on the couch. He had to rest. His eyelids fluttered and the last thing he saw before dozing off was the blonde woman, wrinkling her nose at the soiled newspaper, then smiling once again.

"So the spirits have decreed, and so it will come to pass."

It was nearly 8 p.m. before Dirk awoke again. His shirt was too tight, its fabric confining his chest...

Dirk screamed and ran into the bathroom. There were two mounds under his shirt, huge ones. Dirk tore off the shirt and a pair of perfectly-molded breasts with lovely pink nipples sprang out. Dirk touched the nipples and sent shockwaves through his body. It felt good to touch himself, but it would be even better if a man were doing it, he thought, especially if the man were fucking him at the same time! Dirk's mind screamed again but he could not perish his thoughts. He still had his cock, but it was unbearably hard and he knew the only thing that would relieve it would be another cock.

The closet looked as though it belonged to another person, a female person. Instead of jeans and t-shirts there were pretty skirts and sexy dresses and nylons and stockings and garter belts. The underwear drawer was brimming with matching bra and panty sets in his size. Dirk was repulsed by his actions and felt as though he would vomit, yet he could not stop the intense urge to slip on those clothes. He loved the feeling of the silk and lace against his soft, flawless skin, the pressure of the underwire underneath his heavy breasts and the satin teasing his hard little nipples. The make-up he found in the bright, colorful purse was just divine! He spent a good half-hour in front of the mirror, primping and combing and taking great care in making himself beautiful. His subconscious was rebelling at his every move, yet he could not stop. And there was one more thing he could not stop: the hunger. The hunger for a cock, for hot cum in his mouth and in his ass, for a cock in his mouth and another in his ass, maybe while a third man sucked him off.

Dirk hobbled for a few minutes in his spiked heels before getting the hang of them. Mechanically, he drove to a part of town he knew of but had never visited and walked into a bar he would have been tempted to set explosives in only a day before. It was all men, everything from masculine muscle men to outrageous drag queens. The drag queens didn't interest Dirk. He made a beeline for the construction guy he had seen earlier that day. The construction man and his two big friends greeted Dirk warmly and asked his name.

"Dolly," was the answer, though Dirk had no idea where the name had come from. Dolly wanted to fuck the hell out of these men. Dirk wanted to run. Dirk wanted to vomit. Dirk wanted to die. But Dolly was in control and she wasn't about to give up her power.

There were private rooms in a cordoned-off area of the club. That's where Dolly went with her three new friends, Jim, Larry, and Burt. Dolly salivated as the big men peeled her clothes off and let her remove theirs, exposing their well-toned physiques with bulging muscles and huge, fat cocks to match. Dolly got down on her knees and Burt put his cock in her mouth, telling her how great it felt when she began to suck it, reveling in the taste of Burt's pre-cum and wanting more. She sucked Burt while Jim sucked her cock and Larry got behind her and rubbed his shaft against her back as he fondled her tits. They all took turns, switching places until Dolly had tasted each one of their cocks and they had tasted hers.

Then it was time for the real fun. Dolly deep-throated Larry as Jim parted her virgin asshole and plunged in, moaning and yelping as he drilled her with his enormous dick. The room spun as Larry's cock twitched and Dolly knew she would cum. Thick hot liquid blasted into her mouth and into her ass at the same time. Dolly lapped up every drop of Larry's cum as Burt prepared to take his turn with her. He thrust his cock into the same cum-filled hole Jim had just pulled out of, and he leaned over to jack Dolly off as he drilled her. Dolly was a wildwoman, screaming and bucking and meeting every one of Burt's thrusts until they finally came together, he into her ass and she onto his hand.

By the time Dolly stumbled out of the club, Dirk felt the demons clutching as his ankles again, trying to pull him underground. He wished they would. He wanted to give into them, to die, to end this Hell now. He couldn't even vomit. His stomach just retched over and over. And once again, the moment Dirk stumbled into his apartment he fell to the floor and into a deep, dreamless sleep, cum still dripping out onto his silk panties. And again he saw the blonde woman. She patted his head and stroked his long, thick hair.

"So the spirits have decreed, and so it will come to pass."

The next morning, Dirk knew his cock was gone. He could tell. It no longer strained against his panties. Dirk had often imagined about what it would have been like to have his very own tits and cunt. He imagined masturbating them in a frenzy. But instead he felt an unspeakable horror. His cock was gone, replaced by these alien organs that he hated and adored at the same time. He reached for his purse and pulled out a wallet. There was his picture on the driver's license, or at least the picture that was him now. The address was the same, but the name was different.

Dolly Walling.

Dirk Kentowski had ceased to exist. The world had lost track of him. Even the mail that had piled up for the past couple of days was addressed to Dolly. Dolly's voice was on the answering machine. Every scrap of paper had Dolly's handwriting on it, not Dirk's. Sure, there were still people around who remembered Dirk, but Dirk had disappeared rather suddenly a little over a week before, right after the police had questioned him about the serial rapes occurring in his neighborhood. No one knew where Dirk was and no one cared. Everyone who had known him wished him dead, anyway. And the only person who knew Dirk's "whereabouts" wasn't telling anyone. Dolly had been born and she loved her new life, especially men. Dolly loved men and loved fucking them. She had an insatiable sexual appetite.

Dolly spent her days playing with her pussy, using the many sex toys she had in a special trunk. Often she would use two dildos on herself at once, one in her pussy and the other in her ass, but nothing was as good as a cock in her pussy and another in her ass. She indulged in that often, too. Her nights were spent hunting for men to fuck, then bringing them back to her apartment to enjoy. The more men she had, the better. Dolly would get down on all fours and let five or six men gangbang her, taking their turns at her pussy and ass even as she continued to suck cock. It turned her on to have cum from all those different men dripping out of her hole, and she could have an infinite number of orgasms.

During each session, Dirk was inside Dolly's body, screaming and begging for Dolly to stop, but Dolly laughed at Dirk. Fuck Dirk. She liked being able to keep him in line the same way she kept all of her men in line. Dirk threatened to kill Dolly's body, but Dolly wouldn't let him control her limbs. She would have a knife in her hand, cutting vegetables for dinner, and she would laugh as Dirk futilely tried to make her hand bring the knife to her wrist. Dirk tried to get Dolly to pick up the gun she kept for protection and put it to her own head, but she laughed at those attempts, too.

Two months of Hell had passed for Dirk before he saw that blonde BITCH again. Actually, after he called her a bitch he felt more afraid than ever. He knew she heard him even though he had been unable to make the sounds come out of Dolly's mouth. The woman arrived at the apartment and Dolly greeted her warmly, with a kiss. Dolly's pussy twitched and Dirk knew Dolly wanted to fuck the woman, too. Dirk knew he should have been happy about that, but the woman repulsed him so much, sex revolted him so much now that he'd been forced to endure it for so long, that the once-erotic thought of a lesbian encounter filled him with a new sense of dread.

The blonde spoke to Dirk as Dolly began to finger her lovely, flawless pink pussy. "I warned you, Dirk Kentowski. You had a choice that night. Had you not attacked me, the Spirits of Light would have flooded your body and exorcised the Evil Ones you embraced for so long. You could have just let me go that night. Rather, you could have just let my spirit go." The blonde threw her head back and moaned as Dolly played with her engorged clit. "You see, Dirk, you didn't even hurt my body, the way you hurt my sister's. You remember my sister, right Dirk? She was your eighth victim. You beat her almost to death and left her body in a trashcan. A homeless man found her. She was in a coma for two weeks. She still walks with a limp from the brain damage you gave her. It will take some time for me to heal her."

Dirk used to feel turned on when thinking about his victims, but not now. He knew now what it was to be forced, to have your power taken away, to have not just your body violated, but your soul. "There were nine of them before I stopped you, Dirk. Nine women who did nothing to you. But you had to listen to the Evil Ones who told you to hurt them."

The blonde was naked now, and Dolly suckled on her nipples while thrusting her favorite dildo in and out of her lesbian lover. The blonde heard Dirk as he screamed apologies and begged for mercy, but she paid him no heed. She was enjoying her orgasms too much and she knew Dirk just wanted the sex to stop. She pushed Dolly's head between her legs and moaned as Dolly probed every pink petal, every sweet fold and crevice, before taking the little knob in her mouth and making the blonde squeal with pleasure. Now Dolly was tongue-fucking the blonde and the blonde was thinking about how sweet Dolly's pussy was going to taste even as her own need continued to build, finally releasing in an incredible burst of warm wetness that left the blonde screaming Dolly's name.

Dirk just felt violated once again. Once again, he hadn't wanted to do this and he'd been made to. "I'm sorry! I'M SO FUCKING SORRY!!!" he screamed, but the blonde just laughed and licked her lips as Dolly stripped in front of her. "I promise I'll be different if you just let me come back."

The blonde took her time on Dolly's nipples before deciding to answer Dirk. "Even if I wanted to do that, I cannot. This is the only way your soul can be redeemed, Dirk." She positioned herself in between Dolly's legs and took a long, loving lick. "Mmmmmmm. You will live in this body until it dies, Dirk, and it will not die for a long, long time. It is the only way your soul can be made clean again, the only way the spirits will ever forgive you. So the spirits have decreed, and so it will come to pass." She dove in and ate Dolly's pussy with great skill, reveling in the taste of girl-cum. Dirk wept as orgasm after orgasm racked Dolly's body and fed her carnal appetite. Each wave of pleasure for her was a hot poker being shoved up inside him, ripping his organs apart.
