 Author's Note: This is blatantly and cheerfully and unapologetically B-grade and florid, so if you start grumbling that it's not like my normal stuff or that it's a bit overdone, you have been warned.

========================

Chapter 1: Captured!

After a week's searching, and increasing frustration, we finally found the pirate ship responsible for kidnapping the young women of the cluster. It was hiding very close indeed to its target; inside a vast and very dangerous asteroid cloud.

Using the asteroids as cover, we slowly crept up in our two-seater fighter until, hiding from the pirate ship's sensors, we attached ourselves to the side and effected entry.

Shark kissed me goodbye, picked up his blasters and slipped away down one corridor. I checked the seals on my skin-tight light-absorbing black suit one more time, settled my tool-belt around my ample hips, cinched the ammunition straps between my large but firm 38D breasts, tightened my knee-high leather boots and started off down the other corridor, knife in hand.

Shark works by assault. I work by stealth.

I found the first guard soon, and killed him easily and silently. I paused a moment to frown down upon him. Dressed in skin-tight leotards, there was no hiding a substantial (and, I thought guiltily, sumptuous) bulge in his pants. Larger than on most men ...

The second guard was dispatched as easily and also had a magnificent swelling attached to him. The sight was starting to make me feel more than a little distracted ...

I soon found myself breaking into a small room that formed the junction of four corridors. It was empty, and the other doors were closed.

As I paused for two seconds before deciding which door to open, the ceiling suddenly started humming.

I jumped backwards instinctively, but the door I had just come through had slammed shut. Radiation! I thought. They're dowsing me with radiation!

Suddenly I felt warm in a way not coming from the air or the walls around me, and centred on my suddenly hard clitoris.

I staggered, shocked by my own body, and felt my nipples traitorously tighten. Looking frantically down, I could see them starting to become visible through the thick material of my suit.

I lunged for a door, desperate to kick it open and escape what I could not fight, but the humming suddenly grew louder, and deeper, and my knees buckled as heat flared in my groin. I crashed to the floor, my thighs parted, gasping at the shocking sensation of my breasts bouncing.

A door opened and a guard stepped through, tall and easy and bulging, with a casual smile on his face.

I wanted to kick out at him, strike at him, anything, but the warmth in my body made it impossible to coordinate on anything more than weakly scrabbling at the floor.

He knelt over my hopeless body, a knife glinted in his hand and he slit my suit from neck to crotch with one easy movement.

I don't have to wear panties, the suit is everything I need, and so as he pushed the cut fabric off my warm and swelling breasts he had access to all of me.

Feebly I tried to push him off, but the masculinity of him made me feel weak, and when he reached out to take one breast in his hand and squeeze, I was helpless.

He stood up, straddled me, and undid his pants. I stared in horrified fascination as his cock was released. It was larger, heavier and fatter than any I had ever seen and, free of its confines, swelling even more.

It hypnotised me, making me moan with lust. He ran his hand over it a few times to bring it to hardness, and then knelt down between my widespread legs, pushed my knees up to my breasts to give himself even easier access and then, with no more preparation, thrust inside me.

The pain that ripped through me, assaulting my system and battling for dominance with the fire that burned from my assaulted clit, threatened to overwhelm me entirely. I screamed, sobbing for mercy, as the biggest cock I had ever felt pounded into me. It only needed him five strokes to bring me to a mind-shattering climax, leaving me too disoriented to feel him slipping out but only suddenly and heart-breakingly aware of the emptiness within me. When my eyes cleared, I saw fifteen more guards walk through the doors, each tall and smiling easily, and each of them unbuckling a cock as big as each other.

When the second one entered me, my body still burning from the ceiling radiation, I was so exhausted that I was relaxed and it did not hurt so much. By the time the last one entered me I was delirious and could hardly tell that it was happening, only noticing the flaring orgasms that threatened, each time, to render me unconscious.

By the time they had finished none of them had cum, but I was lying in a pool of my own juices. They tied my hands and feet (completely unnecessary considering my total inability to even move my head) and carried me off. The jolting to my abused pussy, and the shaking of my untouched but still aching breasts, was too much for me, and I slipped unconscious.

Chapter 2: At The Villain's Mercy...

When I awoke, still sore between my legs, I was naked and tied with my arms stretched tight above my head and my legs spread with a right angle at my cunt.

As my vision cleared I lifted my head to look at my naked body and gasped with horror at seeing a large laser cannon pointed straight at my spread cunt. That sound must have been somebody's symbol, for suddenly the lens at the front of the barrel flashed blue and the pale flesh between my legs lit up with a nearly blinding blue glow.

It was a stimulaser. The beam pierced my clit and filled my mound with an incomprehensible burst of bright white searing pleasure. The effects were instantaneous, irresistible and utterly overwhelming. No matter how much I squirmed and wriggled, there was no escaping the insistent affections of the beam. I twisted and whined for a few more increasingly delirious seconds, but I could not stop a devastating climax of indescribable magnitude swelling and exploding between my legs, mercilessly ripping through my body like a nuclear blast.

I grunted and quaked as the awe-inspiring rapture took me. My body seized and lurched in an ungainly fashion. My back arched sharply, my erect breasts thrust upwards, my teeth bared & my buttocks clenched. Warm vaginal fluids sprayed forcibly from between my legs, splashing onto the table to which I was tied.

Wave after wave of pure blinding joy washed over me, and all I could do was ride it out. Finally the heady ecstasy slowly subsided. Spent from the intensity of the sensations, and lost in the jingle-jangle afterglow of the experience, I lay limp in my bindings, my eyes closed in exhaustion.

Chapter 3: The Captor Revealed

A low chuckle sounded as I lay, weakly recovering.

"Ah, I see I have finally done it!" A terrifyingly familiar voice sounded from the shadows. "I have finally caught the wondrous Dolphin as my personal sex slave. And make no mistake; you will become mine body and soul. You can not resist the power of my toys, and will eventually give yourself to me utterly. As you move from machine to machine, carried by my surgically and genetically enhanced guards - I believe you have already noticed just part of how they have have been enhanced for my captive's pleasure - your strength will be stolen from you, your mind will be robbed of its will and your soul will be sapped of its fiery spirit until, falling under my hypnotic power, you will become my slave."

Yes, it was Mr. Mortis, the cyber researcher who used his skills and talents solely for the subjugation and control of other people. He had been creating an army of mind-controlled slaves when last we met and he was defeated, but it seems that now he has been creating an army of brain-washed sexual toys. And I was to be next.

I heard him approach the table on which I was laying, and then his hand caressed the sides of my head lasciviously.

"We start," his intimately oily voice said, "With some orgasmafield generators."

His hands left my head for a moment and then returned, to place two cold metal objects on either side of my temple. They stuck to my sweaty skin and did not feel heavy, but did not stop me moving my head in a feeble attempt to dislodge them.

He chuckled. "It's so cute to see you struggle; please do, miss Dolphin, please do! I find it entertaining, and somewhat arousing, to see your pathetic efforts at defence. Know that they are useless, but the more you struggle the more effective will be my domination of your will, and the less you struggle, the faster will be your defeat. You see, you really can not win."

Chapter 4: The Ordeal Begins

Robot arms descended from the ceiling and clutched me about my torso as my bonds were released. My pathetic struggles were to no avail, and I was lifted through the ceiling and into another room. There I was placed in a special net, cut to fit the shape of my body exactly, so that even my still erect nipples were in holes of their own. I was left untied, but the net was so deep, and so slippery, that there was nowhere I could go. The metallic feel of it against my naked skin warned me what was to come a mere second before it was turned on.

Everywhere my skin touched the net, on my legs, the edges of my pussy lips, my belly, breasts, nipples, arms and face, was suddenly afire with desire. The orgasmafield stimulasers on my temples were then turned on and I was almost instantly experiencing a mind-blowing orgasm, the mere desire turned to a sourceless explosion deep within me, wetting the net where I lay. My vaginal fluids seemed to conduct the net's bioelectric shocks deep inside my slick tunnel, and suddenly I was orgasming in earnest, the shocks playing over my vaginal walls until I passed out.

I awoke in a bare cell without even a bed, just a drainage hole in the floor and a ceiling that glowed faintly to provide me just enough illumination to see without straining my eyes. There was a bowl of water waiting for me and, after spending so much in sweat and vaginal fluids, I drained the whole two litres, not thinking until afterwards that it undoubtedly had aphrodisiacs in it. It certainly tasted as though it was carefully filled with enough proteins, minerals, carbohydrates and steroids to replenish and repair me in record time.

I was allowed a full night's sleep and awoke refreshed, re-invigorated and mad, but as I sat up the softly-scented smell of the sedative aphrodisiac drug chlorgasmoform filled my nostrils. The drug soon had me sufficiently aroused and dopey that I was not capable of resistance when the door opened and two guards stepped inside. One of them had a stun rifle, and the other one calmly and professionally trussed me into a shibari toy doll and slung me over his shoulder in a fireman's lift. As we passed through the door, the one with the rifle slapped me resoundingly on my rope-distorted buttocks.

They took me to a room that contained adjustable metal cuffs attached to a wall in front of an array of ten stimulaser nozzles. They attached me in a stretched-out X shape, facing outwards, with the nozzles carefully aimed at my cunt. For some reason, the orgasmafield generators were removed from my head before they left.

The lasers did not work up steadily, or even act with any subtlety, but instead assaulted me from the start with as much force as they could muster, bathing my clit in the most intense stimulation it had ever received. But, cleverly, I was robbed of my orgasm as I was on the verge of receiving it, and hung gasping from my restraints, wide-eyed with shock. Before I could compose myself again, the brutal assault continued. Again and again I was aroused and then left, over and over until I was screaming, begging, for release. Then, to add more humiliation, the same fifteen guards who had yesterday gang-raped me walked into the room and stood about, grinning at me and standing unmoved by the sight of a lust-crazed, restrained, naked woman weeping, begging, pleading them for her moment of satisfaction.

Finally the lasers tipped me over the edge into the most mind-blowing release yet, jetting vaginal fluids so hard that they splashed back from the floor, reaching the height of my knees.

I was unconscious as they carried me to the next room, where I was shackled on my knees, held up by a collar suspended from the ceiling, my hands held behind me and my pelvis thrust forwards by my ankles while a single laser tortured me with subtlety for two hours.

Again I was unconscious as I was placed astride a cold metal machine that stretched my legs out tight, my arse thrust in the air, my breasts swinging free and my arms stretched forwards, held to the ground by more metal cuffs, as two lasers played one each upon my pussy and my arse for an hour of brutal orgasm after orgasm.

When I awoke the next time I was lying in the cell again, another bowl of water awaiting me, and my skin cleaned and oiled in sweet-smelling oils that left my head spinning. The sounds of erotic couplings played through the room, not loud but insistent, a whole orgy played out for my benefit as I tried and failed to sleep.

Chapter 5: Fateful Images

The machine they took me to this time was in the form of a U, the inside of which was lined with small stimulaser barrels, dildo sized and shaped. I was made to stand above it, my hands manacled behind me and my feet shackled to chains that held them a certain distance on either side of the machine. If I sat, the barrels would injure me - if I bent my knees so that my pelvis was not in the direct path of every single stimulaser, I would be unable to hold the pose for long.

I was trapped by myself as well as by the chains, and therefore more degraded by it. For some reason I was gagged before the guards left, and even more bizarrely, the lights dimmed almost to nothing. What, I wondered, were they playing at?

Then the stimulasers fired, and the chamber was filled with their bright blue glow. This was not the savage erotic assault, expected from ten lasers, or even the subtle manipulations of previous machines. No, instead it was just a steady, grinding arousal, the ten barrels not all targeted at clip or arse but burning from the top of my mons to the edge of my anus in one sweep of relentless eroticism.

I knew what they were intending, or at least I thought I did. To grind me down, the burning in my nether regions slowly equalled by the ache in my taut thighs until my endurance gave out and my mind went grey with unbearable pleasure, a blank slate up on which they would write a personality of their choosing.

Then a screen in front of me, one whole wall, flickered on and started playing the video from a security camera.

Shark! There he was, bursting into the room, guns blazing a trail of death among the guards foolishly standing in his way. Why hasn't he come to rescue me? Then, as if on cue, a harpoon, not a laser that would be absorbed by his uniform or a bullet that would bounce off, but a cutting harpoon, exploded onto screen and struck my lover full in the chest, ripping straight through him, exploding out his back in a welter of blood.

An anguished scream was torn from me, stopped by the gag, and as tears sprang to my eyes the first orgasm came, exploding from my pelvis and smashing through my body.

Again and again the reel played, and again and again orgasms came, each one punctuating Shark's death exactly. The violence, the despair and the sexual assault upon my senses become too much and my knees buckled, not caring about the barrels below me.

Yet they stopped firing and the two beneath me retracted as I fell, so that I landed on smooth metal. Then the chains holding my ankles suddenly tightened, yanking my legs outwards until they were stretched tight and my pelvis was held hard against the machine.

The two retracted barrels extended again and thrust into me, exactly placed to enter me without discomfort. This was why they were so perfectly dildo sized, this was their intent from the beginning.

They all started firing again as the film kept on playing, and the stimulaser radiation deep inside me was far more potent than any that had previously played over my lust-wracked, feminine body from outside.

With each death, a more potent orgasm than I had ever before experienced and, incredibly and indescribably, each one mounted until, as I finally passed out, two jets of milk spurted from my stimulaser-targeted nipples, spraying high into the air.

Chapter 6: Despair Compounded

When I recovered I was lying in the cell again. The water I drank immediately to replenish the raging thirst in my body, all the moisture lost through sweat and vaginal fluids and milk. I hurt all over, but no more so than in my mind.

My Shark was dead, I was abandoned and had no reason to live. I wept quietly into the empty bowl, training conserving moisture that I did not care to keep. The inhumanity of the situation left me even unable to feel angry. I no longer even cared to resist for the sake of resistance: I was drained of all will to live and could no longer care what they did to me; my body was now theirs to use as they willed, a tool that I felt only remotely connected to. Any stimulation they cared to give would bypass my mind, now, and leave me madly humping in the throws of fake lust.

When they came for me they merely held me down while they placed orgasmic pacification devices, meant to keep someone too weak with arousal to move far or fast, upon my buttocks, inner thighs, and abdomen. Whey they left them off my breasts I do not know. 

When they had left I did not have long to wait before the devices, attached too firmly to my skin for me to remove without seriously damaging myself, began to make me feel excited and lethargic. They must have tuned them for unconsciousness instead of just pacification, for the lethargy spread until I was barely able to keep either my eyes open or my legs shut. My thoughts were clouded, I could no longer concentrate and I was soon dreaming vague, erotic dreams.

Chapter 7: Dolphin Defeated

Once more I regained consciousness in a different room, but this time I was strapped to a table on my back once more, legs held out in a full horizontal split, arms stretched above my head and, from the feel, two orgasmafield generators placed on my breasts in addition to the devices already, and still, on my body.

I lay passively, waiting for their attentions, leaving my body in their hands.

"I see you have finally given in," That familiar, oily, voice said. "That is very wise of you, and was only a matter of time. After all, no mortal woman can hope to withstand so much pleasure without finally admitting that she desires it to continue so much that she will be a slave to its source for ever more."

Suddenly, my mind twisted. All the rage that should have sustained me past Shark's death boiled up inside me, warping me with hate and anger and the desire for revenge. I convulsed against the bindings, but they were far too tight for me to even shake them.

"Ah! You are fighting! Good. That is very impressive, and yet not so unexpected for someone of your obvious strength of character. It is indeed a pity, though, when you consider just how much you are denying yourself through this foolish refusal to give into my plans. I can see that the energy has drained from your supple body, that your nubile limbs are weak and that your trembling lips only herald the vulnerability of your position. Indeed, your ripe body truly is ripe for my picking."

As he spoke, I felt the pacifiers slowly turn on, making me even weaker and, in my tightly restrained and defenceless position, the bondage combined with the pacifiers and the relentless experiences I had just gone through combined to take me close to another powerful climax with very little extra intervention. Then the orgasmafield generators on my breasts started to make the mammaries I was so proud of swell even larger, my always sensitive nipples grow, the cool air in the room making them ache with desire.
