 Tomorrow night is the beginning of the new moon! I suggest you delay your survey. At least for a few days,... seriously sir. "These spirits can be dangerous, particularly the Dominant ones, they can be possessive, jealous and even hurtful and destructive when they feel mistreated, neglected, challenged, or taunted. 

They can manifest them selves as they wish, appearing as their host's most beautiful and sensuous of fantasies or as the most wicked and vile creatures that they really are! 

They literally feast on human emotions, the stronger the emotion, like love, hate, fear, pleasure and pain the more physical they become, once fully with in the physical realm their main diet consists of sexual energy, passion, lust and devouring the sexual fluids of their host!" 

I interrupted her asking "You mean like vampires?" 

"Well sort of, but not like in the romantic Hollywood versions, they don't bite the neck, their appetite is satisfied much further down. Vampires are thought by some believers, to be the offspring of an incubus and a succubus. The incubus and succubus once within the realm of the living, feed on any human excrement, from tears to well,..., you can figure that out, basically any thing a human finds abhorrently disgusting gives them sustenance! 

They can gain powers over their hosts and others, from potions made from herbs mixed with the most vile disgusting fluids and materials, and can live extended lives as long as they have an abundant supply of what they need. Pandering with their host's deepest desires or using their darkest fears for their longevity. 

But that is only because the person who called it is still investing it with either their sexual energy, fear or pain. As long as they have a host paying attention to it, giving it their focused attention, it can be nearly immortal!! 

That island sir, "IS" haunted!! If you insist upon going out there don't mess with things you know little about! If you do, you will find "she is" out there, and her presence is strong! If you should be so foolish as to summon her or if she should be there waiting for you, as I know she is! You will need to know how to banish her. Once a succubus or an incubus has appeared to a subject they can bind them selves to their dreams, invading and influencing their fantasies. If she appears to you, she will stay with you! Even when you leave and return back here. That is of course, if you return! In this case your best bet is a banishment spell. You will have to return there to the spot where she first appears to you! You must stay throughout the night! Before going to sleep, burn three sticks of patchouli incense. Take a few moments and breathe deeply, relaxing your body. Focus on the face and features of your spiritual partner. Now picture them fading, becoming translucent, disappearing before your eyes. Now repeat the following three times: 

"Thank you for your loving heart 
But what is joined must now to part 
Go in peace, I set you free 
As is my will, so it shall be" 

Your spirit may not be terribly happy about leaving (some love affairs end badly) but ultimately you have the power. If he or she comes to you in your sleep after this, you will find yourself able to wake and rise repeating the following: 

Three times three 
with love and light 
I Banish thee! 

Picture a white light exploding from your chest, blasting your now unwanted paramour out of sight. You may need to do this a few times to get the point across. Particularly if you aren't as sure about ending it, as you would like to admit, sex is a strong binder to these spirits world and their desire to remain within the physical, and their knowledge of sexual pleasures will blind the host's sense of reality. 

"So it's like an exorcism?" I interjected. "No sir only a person who's blessed by a priest can perform an exorcism!" she replied and continued ... "the host must banish it themselves, they invited it in, only they can send it away!" 

"I've researched the Brigs family myself, Sarah Ingals was the thirteen year old wife of Colonel Jonathan Brigs. They were married in 1769. The same year that the house was finished. Now, there are no records regarding whether or not they had any children. I mean, out there on that island they could have had a dozen, Who would have known? 

It's believed that Sarah Ingals Brigs, was the daughter of Colonel Brigs and Sarah Ingals. But do the math, she still would have been nearly two hundred years old! So there was something going on out there that defies simple explanation. And neither the sheriff nor the coroner's offices would release any information. If there was a succubus out there she's been fed well for more than two hundred years! 

The island was used by the British as a prison and armory..." This I knew from my research and nodded as she continued. "Well as things were back then, records on prisoners were not too detailed, but legend has it most people who were sent there were never heard from again! Men and women, mostly younger folks. 

Colonel Brigs and Sarah ran the prison and legend has it that they... well.. Took liberties with the prisoners, some were kept as house servants and others were kept chained up and tortured in ways reminiscent of the inquisition. Other people suspected that they were basically shanghaied and sold to merchant ship captains. A perfect feeding ground for a spirit like this one. Plenty of emotions and pain to feed on. And for years no one could or would question them. 

Before the civil war Negroes escaping slavery in the south, sought refuge in this area on their way to Canada. Some got lost out on the water near the island and just disappeared. No one knows how many were lost back then. But the shanghaied theory seemed to be a sufficient answer to some of their disappearances. 

Then during WWII two escaped German POW's were found floating just off shore. They had escaped from Ft. Niagara where there was a prisoner of war camp. They went out to work a local farm and simply vanished. Until about 6 months later when their bodies were found, near here, covered in bruises and various injuries that could only be contributed to torture. But their injuries were attributed to the rocks and the length of time they were in the water, well, at least that's what the official reports stated. 

Terrible things were done to people out there on that island sir! No one here goes anywhere near there, ever! 

As a matter of fact the island did just come on the market, but I never thought anyone would ever have any serious interest in it. Not with the history associated with it. But I do have the keys and if you really must go out there, sir, be warned, and be safe! I have to say that I think someone is messing with you, there is no one living around here, not that I know of, by the name of Sarah Ingals, and I'm sure no one from our office called for an environmental survey. Though I would be interested in reading your report. That is, if you go out there, of course." 

"Well Ma-am I've never been one to refuse a good paying job and to be honest, I wouldn't pass up an opportunity to explore as historically significant a site like this!" I replied with a confident professional tone. 

"I've done other supposed haunted locations and found nothing more frightening than my own imagination. I do believe in ghost's and I've seen one myself, so this doesn't seem too much different than any of those jobs were. 

Believe me I've experienced how easy it is to let your imagination get carried away every time you hear a noise in a dark and unfamiliar place. 

When I'm going through buildings that are old, and have been empty for years, I can feel the energy left behind. Thoughts of who might have lived and died there and their sorrows and happiness seem to linger behind and feed the imagination. 

It is very disorienting to be in a dark unfamiliar building, shadows can become demons behind every corner, if your imagination is so inclined. 

As in your fathers story, finding a corpse on the porch would be a rather unnerving experience, all in its own right! But the movement, well..., could have been the wind or a loose board shifting as they walked on the porch, and have no doubt, ma-am, it would have frightened the holy bejeebers out me too! 

But as I've found in the past most haunting's are just stories and most haunted places are just dark forbidding places that have been unoccupied for years and even generations. 

As you said accurate records were not kept regarding the prisoners nor the people who lived out there so there's a lot of room for fertile imaginations to fill in the gaps. 

Now don't misunderstand me, I really do appreciate your warning but I do think that I'd like to borrow that key,... if you don't mind that is. 

I'd like to see what there is out there, just the historical aspect is intriguing." 

she went to a cabinet on the wall and opening it she removed a set of keys, turned back towards me saying "Okay but please be careful, I don't want to feel responsible for what might happen out there! 

Oh, and when would you be bringing these back? So I'll know whether to call the police to find you,... you know, just in case." She said dropping he keys in my palm. 

I laughed a little and told her I'd have the keys back by Tuesday at the latest, sooner if the place is really haunted, I joked, as I picked up my recorder. I thanked her and asked her to tell me her name and itsproper spelling, "my name is Elizabeth Corbin, C-o-r-b-I-n," I switched it off and tucked it and the keys in my jacket pocket. I thanked her again for her time and the warning, shook her hand and walked out to my van. Well that was interesting I thought, snickering a little over how silly her story seemed and visualizing the old "wolfman" movie where the gypsy is warning Laurence Talbot of the werewolf's curse. But the idea of having a spirit lover, one who's very existence depended on my sexual pleasure,...well that really appealed to me! She had been right about one thing, telling me how to summon a succubus was tantalizing! My imagination was running wild as I started the engine and backed out. I had her instructions on tape and maybe just maybe I might try it some time, just for fun! 

The sun was setting and I was getting hungry and tired, so I drove out to a motel and restaurant, I had passed earlier on the out skirts of town. I parked, took my briefcase in hand and went in. 

The place was no Hilton, and from the reworked sign by the road I could see it was once part of the old "Holiday Inn" roadside motels. There was no one at the front desk so I went in to the attached restaurant. The dimly lit décor was decorated with old nautical items, nets and other miscellaneous antiques hanging on the walls. 

Cool! The kind of junk I enjoy! I thought as I checked out a few curious objects that I was familiar as well as few that I was unfamiliar with and tried to determine their uses. There wasn't any problem finding a table, I seemed to be the only customer, so I sat down and thought about the envelope still tucked in my pocket. I took it out and opened it, inside I found a piece of paper wrapped around thirty 100.00 bills. 

On the paper in flamboyant old script I read "Please accept this as payment in full. Thank you!" and it was signed "Sarah Ingals". Well I found myself in a position that I felt now I had no choice in whether to do the job or not, I was holding my fee and the extra 1000 that she'd promised over the phone. Though I was more interested in the job based on the history than the money at this point. 

The waitress had walked up unnoticed and said, "Excuse me sir, my name is..." 

I jumped and startled her a bit too, as she bent over to retrieve the menu she'd dropped. "I'm sorry sir I didn't mean to scare you! She said smiling. 

I looked up to see a very attractive woman in her late 30's or early 40's, maybe a little older, I figured, but aging well to say the least. She was wearing a low cut peasant blouse and black corset vest, that as she bent over, revealed her ample and braless breasts, and a short black skirt, that as she bent down, exposed her shapely legs in black hose, garter straps and high heels. Her outfit was more like a French maids costume and she fit it well! 

I was momentarily speechless both from her startling me and then by her absolute beauty. I cleared my throat and said "Oh, No, no, no, I'm sorry I was just lost in thought, I didn't see you walk up." I began as I stuffed the money back in the envelope and put it back in my jacket pocket. 

"But, uhh, now that I have,... I'm sure I'll keep you in sight from now on!" I said being openly flirtatious. 

"Well as I was saying " She began, smiling back at me. " my name is Mary and I'll be your waitress, would you like a drink from the bar?" 

"Only if you're the one bringing it!" I said with a wink, and ordered a beer. 

"I'll take that as a compliment sir, and I'll be right back with your beer,... oh and will you be dinning alone tonight sir?" she asked. " 

Yup... all alone!", I replied putting on my best puppy dog face. "Oh, and ma-am, my name's Dave,... if you were wondering..., not sir!" I said with a smile. 

She smiled back and told me she'd be right back, turned and began to walk away. "Okay I'll wait here, alright?" I joked out loud, watching her walk away and totally enjoying the view. She turned and posed with one hand on her hip, smiling, I could see she was flattered by my attention, and she gave me a little can-can bow and a little flip of the back of her skirt as she smiled and turned back toward the bar. 

She was a pleasant distraction to say the least I thought, after a day like this! Being hired by some one shrouded In mystery, and then finding out that I was going to be ghost busting as well as conducting an environmental survey, presented itself as a real challenge. 

It was easy to justify doing the job. I was here, I'd been paid, and I was more than interested in the job. It would only be an inspection and survey. I doubt there would be many if any samples to send out for haz-mat analysis. So there would be no more than my own expenses to cover. 

With all the stories about the place, proving or at least documenting whether or not it was haunted would be important to prospective buyers and the seller as well, depending on how it went of course. 

Mary strolled back to my table and set down my beer. She then told me that the kitchen would be closing soon, it had been a slow evening and they would be closing early. Something about her was more than just familiar and yet I couldn't place where or why. She assured me that I wouldn't be an inconvenience, and she would have my order prepared before the kitchen closed. She went on to say that she was going to order herself something to eat as well, and asked if I didn't mind, could she join me. 

Well now it was I who felt flattered! She was beautiful and of course I agreed to her joining me, I ordered a steak dinner, and she walked away with a little extra sway in her walk. 

She was built! I thought to myself, when she turned and said with a big smile, wagging a finger at me, "now you just wait right there Dave! I'll be right back!" and she stepped through the swinging kitchen doors. She came back out with a floor sweeper, and went about sweeping the carpet and arranging chairs and table place settings for the next day. I tried not to stare ather but I found her hard to turn away from. 

" Wow! I get a floor show too!" I exclaimed jokingly when she was close enough to hear me. She just grinned and kept at her tasks. 

She was tall and even without her heels she had to be a little taller than myself and I'm 5'8", with the heels sculpting her legs and ass, she was statuesque to say the least. Her light brown hair was up in a bun on top of her head which added to her height. 

Her long legs were, perhaps to some guys, heavy but they were shapely and perfectly proportioned up to her plump ass cheeks and her shapely yet soft hour glass figure. Her breasts were fantastic! They were so creamy and soft as they jiggled and swayed in her loose fitting low cut blouse, as she swept and moved about the room. The real image of an Amazonian woman, I could easily imagine her in Dominatrix leathers I thought to myself. 

But her flirtatious attitude and self assuredness was as attractive, if not more than how fantastic she looked. She noticed my beer was nearly gone and brought over a champagne bucket of ice and 6 more bottles of beer. I looked up at her with a questioning expression, when she said "I'll split the tab with you ok?" 

"Why not!" I replied. She just winked, opened a bottle, and took a long swig from it before she went back to her tasks. I had fully intended to offer to pay, even for her meal, after all, for a change, I had money to spend. I opened my brief case and put the envelope and my recorder in it and closed it up, holding out a bill to pay for our meals. 

Turning back towards where Mary was moving a chair, I watched as she bent over it to reach for something on the floor. Oh believe me! She had a great ass! Her black panties were pulled tightly up her sweet ass crack, as she stood back up, her skirt caught on the chair and revealed a really great ass! She yanked her skirt down nonchalantly, and went back in to the kitchen. It seemed almost that she had done it purposely for my intended viewing. 

After a several long minutes, she finally stepped back out of the kitchen with a large tray of our food. She stopped in the doorway and turned speaking to the cook, I assumed, and told him she would lock up, and for him to have a good evening. A couple minutes later I noticed the lights went out in the kitchen just as I heard a metal door slam.