 "Well sir, its just you and I,... well at least until 11." 

"Why? What happens at 11? Do you turn into a pumpkin?" I asked with feigned concern. 

"Oh no nothing like that. " She laughed. "It's just that the sheriff stops by and picks up a thermos of coffee. So don't get any funny ideas!" She said obviously teasing, as she wagged her finger at me again, smiling. 

"Believe me, I'm harmless ma-am. Besides, I haven't eaten or had much sleep since yesterday! I just aint got the strength!" I joked, faking a faint. 

"I think you could kick my butt anyway, and just ask for more!" I said sitting back up in my seat smiling. 

"And I just might do it too!...Just for fun! " she laughed, and sat across from me setting out our food reaching down and placing the tray on the chair next to her, she gave me a peek of her breasts that was just breathtaking! I tried acting as though I didn't see anything, and dropped my steak knife nearly stabbing myself in the leg as I quickly snatched it as it fell. 

"What brings you out to this backwoods hole?" She asked snickering a little, knowing the effect her little peep show had had on me. 

I began to tell her the whole story as we ate our meals. She seemed more than genuinely interested in what I was doing there, and the job I had. She expressed being envious of the mobility of my work, and of having the chance to explore and investigate, and to meet new people, it was so much more exciting and rewarding than running a small town, out of the way restaurant, and motel. The same local cheaters and the occasional travelers but mostly crude fishermen during the salmon spawning season, were her usual customers. 

As it turned out she owned the restaurant and the motel next door. "Rewards for divorcing a cheating husband!" she said. She was a life time resident and was familiar with the stories of Brig isle. She told me she had always wanted to go there herself but it had been off limits for years. No one else wanted to go there and she wasn't going alone. She was most interested though, as I had been, in what I had learned about the succubus, and she commented, "MMM! ... sounds like my kind of spirit!" I agreed with her saying, "if I had to meet a ghost, I'd prefer meeting one that wanted to fuck me, rather than scare me!" 

We shared a moment of laughter over the idea. I went on to tell her that I would be looking to rent a boat in the morning, and asked if she might know of where I could find one. She sat back in her chair and gave me a searching stare as if to try and read into my mind and decide whether or not my intentions are as they seemed. 

" I do have a boat, another of my "rewards"... but I don't rent it out, but..., though, I, ah, might be interested in taking you out there. If you didn't mind me tagging along. 

I haven't had a day off since I took this place over, ten years ago" she said with a hopeful expression. I sat up in my chair, and gave it a little thought, "Why not? I don't know the area and I could use a guide, besides I would love your company. But I have to tell you, I might have to be there for a while, there's 10 acres and at least one structure. It could take several hours, or days, and I really don't care to be stranded out there. Would you be able to spend the whole day out there?" 

"Hey I wouldn't pass up a chance to go out ghost hunting! What time do you want to start out!" she said clearly excited and enthusiastic over the prospect. "this place can run itself, I'll just leave a note for the day manager and we're gone!" she went on saying. She pulled out her order pad and wrote out a few lines and carried the note over to the front desk. 

" is 6am too early?" I asked, her when she returned and sat back down. 

"Well it depends on how much sleep you need!" she replied with a sly smile. We shook hands and sat there for the next two hours talking. I found myself lost in her words and hypnotized by her dark eyes. She was very pretty and no doubt when she was younger she would have been the belle of any Ball. She had a strong self assuredness and confidence about her, she was intelligent, humorous, and very sexually flirtatious! 

At one point she removed her heels and mentioned how her feet hurt. I stood up kneeled at her feet and asked "may I?" she giggled a little and said "you may!" and slid one foot into my hands. I rubbed her foot as she watched me with a sly grin. "kiss my toes!" she said softly, raising both her feet to my lips. I held both her feet in my hands and kissed and licked them through her hose, and down underneath each toe and up the arches. My up turned eyes drinking in her obvious pleasure. She pressed her hands against her breasts and squeezed them through the fabric, her head tilted back slightly, her eyes closed, as she sensually licked at her lips. "Mmmm...Oh you do nice work!" She breathed the words sensually, more than spoke them. As I sucked at her toes. She allowed me to caress and massage her feet for some time and then told me that I'd better get up. Ron, the sheriff would be there shortly, and it wouldn't be right to disappoint him. He needs his coffee! 

I sat back up in my chair and we finished our beers saying very little but speaking volumes in our hungry eyes. I needed to take a leak but I didn't want to interrupt our time together, and I could feel she wanted more than a foot rub, and I was "up" for anything she could desire from me. All the way up! 

We finished our beers and together we cleared up the table and carried the tray of dishes and the ice bucket to the kitchen. Casually trying to reposition my self in my jeans as I walked with her. It was dark in the kitchen, and she took the items I had, and set them on a counter. 

When she turned back to me she was more than close. I reached out and pulled her to me looking deep into her eyes in the dimly lit kitchen. In her stocking feet we stood eye to eye. She reached up and took my hair in bothhands and kissed me. Her kiss was more aggressive than any woman I'd ever known! Her tongue pushed in deeply thrusting, lashing, caressing and wrestling with mine as she held my head firmly in her grip. She sucked my tongue into her mouth and seemed to pull at its very root! Sucking it like she was going to swallow it whole! I pulled back and grabbed her by the hips and lifted her onto the counter behind her. 

I moved my hands up to her shoulders and slowly pulled down the fabric that barely held her luscious tits. She pulled my head to her neck and allowed me to kiss, suck and nibble at her soft flesh, as she tilted her head back. 

My fingers slid over her soft fleshy full breasts, seeking her nipples and gently rolling them between my fingers and thumbs. She arched her back pressing her breasts against my touch. Her hands pushed my head down and held me inches from her swollen left nipple. It was large and I wanted it in my mouth and on my tongue! But she teased me with it, keeping me just far enough away that my hungry outstretched tongue ached. My eyes pleading into hers. 

She tilted my head up and looked into my eyes. " I only have sex on my own terms and in my own way! " she said sternly. 

"and what does that mean?" I asked both excited and amused. 

"Well Dave... I like being the boss, and I always get what I want!" 

"and what would you be wanting right now?" I asked. 

"Right now... I want you to, EAT ME!" she replied accentuating her point loudly while pushing my head down into her wet black satin covered crotch. She leaned back a little, spreading her legs open, with one hand she reached down and pulled her panties to the side and exposed my eyes, lips and tongue to her very wet pussy. Her other hand held my head and pushed it against her crotch. 

Her fingers entwined themselves in my hair and gripped tightly and a bit painfully. As my face got closer I could smell her pussy. The smell was intoxicating, yet different than any woman I'd eaten before, as my mouth met her very wet cunt I realized that the smell was not the usual pissy sweaty smell women have after a long day. She had that musty fishy just fucked smell! 

At the first taste I new the flavor. She must have fucked the cook before he left! 

I could taste his sperm mixed with her juices, and I could feel the matted hairs covered in dried globs of semen against my face as she held my head to her crotch. 

This was a long time fantasy of mine, to have a woman so darkly deeply sexual, that she would fuck another guy and then feed it proudly to me afterwards. A woman who took pleasure in making me prove my love for her and earn my place in her heart and between her thighs! I loved eating her out, her cunt was full and oozed its thick contents copiously! I made sure my efforts displayed my passion and hunger, as I slurped loudly, sucking up all I could get. Using my tongue as a scoop to pull more into my mouth. 

She lifted her legs a little higher, tilting her hips up, she pushed myhead down into her upturned cunt with one hand, and leaned back on the other. 

My tongue slid wetly down over her tightly puckered ass hole, I could smell her last bowel movement before I tasted the sweet bitterness of her not quite clean asshole. 

I plunged my tongue in as deep as I could and tongue fucked her tight hole. She flexed and gripped at my tongue with her ass muscles, as she literally ground my face into her cunt. Smearing my face with the combination of her juices, cum and my saliva, rubbing the bridge of my nose against her very swollen and large clit. While I tried to breath with my nose pushed into the wet, full lips of her pussy, she began moaning "Oh yes! oh eat me! suck out my pussy, lick my ass hole! oh damn you!, you're too good!" her impending orgasm was extreme to say the least as she thrust her hips up and crushed my face deeply into her flooding crotch with both hands wrapped around the back of my head and pulling at my hair to maintain her balance while keeping me firmly in place. "suck it out Dave, eat it! Eat it all! " 

I sucked at the stream of juices that pudled in her up turned cunt. Then I used a little trick I'd learned and I sought out her piss hole and sucked it deeply into my lips. In just a few seconds she moaned and said "Oh you are a bad boy aren't you? You want that? You want me to piss in your mouth? Oh yes, you want it! Suck it baby here it comes!" her hot piss spurted forcefully against the back of my mouth and flowed down my throat. She hissed out a long yessss! As I gulped it down and slurped at her now soaking wet crotch when it slowed to a dribble. She pulled me up by my hair and kissed me deeply, sharing the flavors and juices I had sucked from her. 

She kissed licked and slurped at the juices that covered my face. Then held my head back and said " Were gonna have a good time together, I can tell, but right now we have to get Ron's coffee ready. "With that she kissed me again, then jumped up off the counter, pulled her clothes together, and went about making a pot of coffee. As if nothing had happened! What a tease! I thought, loving every second of it too! 

Well, wasn't I surprised! There I stood with a stupid look on my wet face, my pants nearly ready to rip open from the raging boner contained within. A massive wet spot highlighted the outline of the tip of my erect cock. When she turned and said "Don't worry I'm not done with you yet! Why don't you go clean up in the men's room while I fix up Ron's thermos. 

I walked over to the restroom a bit awkwardly as I tried to adjust the erection that was now leaving a larger wet stain in my jeans. Glad that the place was still empty! 

I still needed to take a leak anyway, and by this time those 4 beers were proving the old saying "that you don't own beer you just rent it!". I really needed to pay the rent! 

It seemed to take forever for my cock to relax enough to pee, I had to sit on a toilet pushing it down some what uncomfortably, trying to pee with a hard-on is like giving a blind man a garden hose, everything gets wet! It sprays aimlessly all over! But eventually at least that part of my suffering was ending, as I pissed what felt like a gallon! 

The release was almost as pleasurable as any orgasm, as my bladder shrunk back to its empty size. But my balls ached for their own release and my guts and asshole tingled with erotic excitement! I stepped over to the sink and looked in the mirror. Geeze, even my hair was wet and a mess! I washed my hands and face in the sink and while I was drying my face with a paper towel I heard voices, Ron must have gotten there and he and Mary were talking. I couldn't quite hear what they were saying and then it got real quiet. 

I switched off the light and opened the door just enough to see out. I could see the cop standing at the front desk with his pants down around his ankles! Mary was on her knees in front of him! 

I closed the door slightly so he couldn't see me and watched as Mary made oral love to Ron's cock. She must have been good because he stiffened up and reached out to steady himself with both hands grabbing at the counter after only a few minutes. She used both hands and her mouth on his large member, milking him and playing with his balls, she could only take half of him in her mouth, and I watched in amazed pleasure as she pumped him into her mouth. 

I could see her cheeks swelling as he grunted loudly and stiffened up, his cum over filled her mouth, and dribbled down over her breast. 

He straightened up and slowly pulled his cock out of her mouth and zipped up. Then I was shocked to see him kneel down at Mary's feet as she stood up. She grabbed him by the hair and tilted his head back. He opened his mouth and she spit what looked like a half cup of thick white syrup into the officers mouth. They both wiped their mouths as he got up. They kissed and he took his thermos, put his hat on, turned and left. 

I do suppose that most guys at this point would have found this whole experience disgusting and would be running for the nearest exit. But as you may have guessed I'm not the average guy. I was exhilarated, excited to the absolute degree, this woman was incredible! 

I stepped out of the darkened restroom and walked over to her. She was leaning against the counter and had a wicked little smile on her face as she watched Ron drive off. I could see a glob of semen on the corner of her mouth and a shimmering trail running down over the rising flesh of her breast. I bent my head down and collected it from her breast with my tongue, licked it from her lips and kissed her, mixing the tastes in her mouth. 

When our lips parted she looked into my eyes and said "Oh you saw?" I nodded. 

" He's my ex, and the boat.., well, we share it's use. He said he wanted to use it tomorrow and I had to convince him otherwise. So I did. You, .. Um, you don't have a problem with that do you?" "Absolutely not! It, ummm, turned me on!" I replied holding her close and continued, saying " I wouldn't have you change a thing! I like what I know about you, and cant wait to learn more! Oh and the cook, he didn't taste that bad either!" I mused wiping my moustache and smiling. 

She winked saying "I'd always hoped that I'd meet some one like you. But most guys think I'm just a whore. Don't you?" she asked. 

"Yeah, I do, but only because I'm envious that I'm not you! " I answered kissing her again. Savoring the taste of another mans cum and her mouth. 

I pulled away just before an involuntary yawn seemed to take me over. "Look I hate to be a party pooper, but I really have to get some sleep. I haven't slept for two days and I'm beat! It's almost midnight and I would like to get an early start. I haven't even got a room yet.." I started saying softly. 

She cut me off saying "Dave, I told you that I own the motel, I have a room here, why don't you stay with me and we'll start out together?" I agreed of course and retrieved my briefcase. "Hey I almost forgot, I have to pay for dinner" I reached into my pocket and pulled out the $100 bill I'd held out of the envelope earlier, and laid it on the counter. 

She smiled and joked " You don't need to impress me, I'm already impressed." she said reaching out to pick up the bill. We both noticed something peculiar about the note on the counter at about the same time. 

It was a very old bill, but it looked new and crisp. I picked it back up to look closer. It was a Gold Certificate not a Federal Reserve note, and it was dated 1935. "I think I should hold onto this " I said and produced my wallet. 

"Why? Is it counterfeit? I've never seen one like that." she asked. 

"No, it's just real old, here look for yourself." I said handing it over to her, and pulling out another 100 from my wallet. "See, look here!" I exclaimed, pointing out the differences in the two bills. 

She was more concerned that it might not be real and I paid our tab with the other bill, putting the old one back in my pocket. She refused to take the tip I offered, saying with a smile and a wink, "it wouldn't be right, as we hadn't had desert yet!" She and I turned out the lights, locked up, and strolled through the lobby to her room. 

Her room was like a small apartment, with a dinning room living room kitchen area, and a door I assumed that led to the bathroom and bed room. There were mirrors and nude art on every wall. Nude figurines and statuary every where. She turned on a CD of soft jazz music, lit a few candles and turned out the lights. The more I knew about her the more she appealed to me. She was everything I'd ever sought in a woman! 

Once her door closed I was hers, and I knew it right away as she began sensually undressing me. She had me naked in seconds and stood back to check me out, "turn around!" she said " let me see your ass! Oh my yes, you'll do nicely!" she said with a sultry tone, and a sharp slap across both my ass cheeks. 

Her hands caressed and rubbed my butt, then she spread my cheeks and I could feel her breath as she knelt down and her mouth closed in on my asshole! 

The next thing I felt was a real first! Her warm wet tongue slithered up in my ass hole and probed deeply within it! My cock rose to the occasion nearly instantly, as her hand pushed between my thighs and took my balls firmly in her grasp! She pulled and tugged at them, rolling each ball and squeezing at them as she continued to probe wetly up my ass with her tongue. My legs began shaking and quivering as she skillfully pleased me as no other woman ever had. 

She sensed my weaknesses, stood up and gently pushed me toward a dinning room chair. "bend over and hold on to this!" she said pulling the chair closer. I did as she told me and she went back to rimming my ass and milking my balls from behind. I loved it and was more than ready for anything she desired of me! She stood up and slapped my ass, grabbed my hair and turned my head to face her and kissed me. I could smell and taste my own ass on her lips and as I sucked her tongue into my mouth like a wild starved animal.