 She pulled away and rather sternly told me to sit in the chair. I did of course and watched her as she pulled a length of rope from a drawer. A thrill rushed through me as my ultimate fantasy was being carried out. 

She stepped back over to me and tied my hands behind my back, spread my legs wide and tied my ankles to the legs of the chair. She then brought out a length of soft cord and tightly bound my cock and balls, until they were bulging. Taking the time to lick up a droplet of my precum. 

She then proceeded to give me a strip tease lap dance. She had the body and the moves, and every bit of my attention, as she stripped naked with the exception of her heels stockings and garter belt. 

She was fantastic! Her body was all I'd imagined, and more! Plump and soft in all the right places and as curvaceous as any porn Queen! Her breasts were so inviting as she pranced around the room, her body swaying sensually to the music. 

She straddled my lap and teased at my cock with her pussy. I could feel her juices dripping on my balls just before they were covered with her warm wet cunt. She humped me to the rhythm of the music for several minutes, allowing me finally to suck at her firm swollen nipples.

She stood up and gracefully went in the door leading to the bed room and reappeared moments later wearing a strap-on dildo! All I could do was smile, staring hungrily as the dildo hung between her shapely thighs.

She was incredible! She stepped over to me still moving with the rhythm of the music, and taking her "cock" in one hand and my head in the other, she told me to "Open up and suck my dick! Dave my slave!" 

I did and tried my best to keep it in my mouth as she began fucking my mouth faster and deeper. Thrusting her hips and forcefully driving her dildo against the back of my throat. 

I gagged a bit when I realized that it was a used dildo, but I loved it just the same! I tried to show my willingness to please her by attempting to deep throat her "cock". 

She rewarded me with a "good boy!" then slowed her pace to watch me attempting swallow the length of her dildo. 

After several minutes she pulled away and untied my ankles and pulled me to my feet. She directed me in to the bed room and pushed me down face first over the edge of the bed. 

I felt her warm tongue wetly lick my asshole again, then I felt the cold dildo pressing in, slowly at first and ever deeper, until I could feel it deep up in my belly. 

"Does it feel good? Do you like my cock up your little asshole slave? Should I fuck you harder my pet, huh? What's the matter, cat got your tongue?" She said as she began thrusting her hips against my ass and driving her "cock" in and out of my hungry asshole! 

"Oh please ma am! Do what you want! I am yours, use me! Oh! fuck me!, Oh shit! I love it! " I exclaimed spreading my legs to allow her deeper passage up my bowels. She fucked me for several more minutes before she pulled out and crawled up on the bed. 

I could only lay there bent over the bed momentarily as my asshole flexed and throbbed, as I watched her smiling as she rubbed and played with her strap on as if it were a real cock, clearly quite pleased with her self. 

"Get up here boy, and eat me again! I want your tongue, boy! Get up here!" She demanded. 

I crawled up to her pussy as she spread her legs wide. My ass ached and felt so good, and so warm, from her reaming! My cock was drooling pre-cum, as I covered her wet pussy with my mouth. I sucked and licked at her almost cock like clit, and licked down around her ass hole and back.

I opened my eyes to see her laying back with her eyes closed. Her left hand was caressing her nipples and squeezing at her breasts. Her right hand stroking the dildo as if she were masturbating a cock. 

Moments later she was gasping and she grabbed my hair with both hands and pulled my face out of her crotch. She raised up and groaned loudly as a stream of her juices spurted from her pussy and splashed in my face! 

Oh Shit!!!" she moaned loudly as she pulled my face back into her pussy and then sort of melted back down onto the pillows. As if she were totally drained of life. 

I sat up and looked at her laying there, Damn she was beautiful! Especially with that fresh fucked glow about her. She sat up and reached around my back,untied me, and guided me up onto my back next to her on the bed.

She grabbed my cock and noticed it was drooling wet with my pre-cum. She rubbed my juices over her swollen nipples then eased up to feed me my own juice. I licked and sucked my juices from her breasts and lingered as I sucked each nipple clean enjoying their firmness in my lips and in my mouth.

She crawled up over my hips until she was straddling my still firmly bound cock and sat fully on it. Crushing my balls under her ass. I slid up into her wet depths smoothly, and she rode me, her dildo bouncing between our bellies, until she came again, screaming,"Oh shit!" Over and over. 

She got off me and quickly took my cock, still dripping wet with her cunt juices into her mouth, she jerked me off expertly, as she sucked, while her other hand untied the cord around the base of my balls then crept down past my balls, her fingers slipped smoothly up my ass. 

Soon she was fingering and stroking my ass in time to her sucking and in moments I came in what seemed to be a never ending stream of cum. I watched as she took every drop in her mouth I could feel my pudding in her mouth as she held me in the suction of her mouth, before she finally let me slip limply from her lips.

She moved up and kissed me, filling my mouth with my own cum. We passed it back and forth between our mouths swirling our tongues in the thick cream, and together we ate it all.

The next thing I knew the sun was up, and shinning through the windows. I rolled over and was pleased to see her laying next to me. Her beautiful hair framing her pretty face. It hadn't been a dream! She was my wettest dream, and she was real! 

I slid under the covers and woke her with wet kisses all over her ass. She farted in my face as she rolled onto her stomach and spread her legs wide. 

I couldn't help but get a good whiff, but I didn't care! I took this as an invitation and slipped my tongue down the crack of her ass and stopped to lick its puckered entrance. She flexed and it opened up for my tongue which dove in deep. 

I tongue fucked her ass until she asked me "hey quit foolin' around back there and fuck it! Will you?!" raising her hips from the bed as she spoke, her hand already working at her clit and pussy. 

I got up tossing the covers off and pushed my cock slowly up her ass hole enjoying the feeling of those tight muscles relaxing and gripping at my dick. She shoved her self back burying me deep in her. 

"I said fuck it!" she said through her teeth, pulling away and then shoving her ass back aggressively against my hips. I thrust into her meeting and slapping my balls against her fingers as she played with her self.

"Cum in my ass sweetheart! Let me feel your hot cum!"

I didn't want to disappoint her and I let it go, pressing myself deep in her ass hole as I felt my cum spurt. Her orgasm was intense as she screamed "Yes!" loudly. 

I collapsed down over her back for a few seconds when she urgently asked me to get up. I sat up on my knees and she crawled out from under me and ran to the bath room. 

I followed her in and asked if she was alright, and if she'd mind if I took a shower, she told me she was fine, and to go ahead, that she'd join me in a minute. 

"Nothing gets me going like a good ass fuck!" she said trying to cover the sound of her bowel movement and the air fart I'd pumped up in her ass, not to mention the spurting of cum I'd lubricated her ass hole with. 

I laughed peeking out around the curtain at her, as I adjusted the water temperature and washed myself up. She grinned back at me and then flushed the toilet, nearly scalding me. She joined me still giggling. 

I washed her from head to toe, enjoying her sensuous curves and soft skin. We shared several minutes of sensual embraces and deep kisses, before drying off. 

She went to her room to get dressed and as my clothes were still in the living room, I went there to get dressed. 

"There's some food in the kitchen! If you feel like cooking." she called out from the other room. 

" How's French toast sound? "I called back. 

"Great!" she exclaimed. 

So I went out to the kitchen area and began hunting around for ingredients and started fixing breakfast.

I found my clothes and got dressed as I prepared our meal noting it was after 8 am. We needed to get along soon, I thought.

She came out dressed in sweatpants a zippered hooded sweat shirt and sneakers and still looked good! We ate and cleaned up the dishes, joking and really enjoying each others company while working together. 

I went out to get my equipment as she locked up. She carried a couple of duffle bags out and then took me around to the boat docked behind the motel. 

I was pleased to see it was no dingy! It was about 30 ft long and had all the comforts of home! She pulled out a map and located the island and our location and we prepared to go. 

I stowed my gear while she went about checking the engine and fuel before she started the motor. I cast off the lines and pushed the boat from the dock and jumped back in.

She seemed to be quite confident in her nautical skills as she maneuvered the boat out to the main body of water and opened it up.

The air was cool and there were wispy clouds of fog on the water as we cruised along. She looked beautiful as the wind swept through her hair, her sweat shirt unzipped and revealing her ample breasts in a tiny string top. 

She pointed out landmarks of interest to the locals, and where the fishing was good, as we went along. We had to just about yell to be heard over the sound of the motor and the wind rushing by. 

I asked her if she knew her way around in the dark, as I had the misfortune once of having to find my way on lake Ontario after dark, in unfamiliar waters, and it was unsettling to say the least.

"Well if it gets late we'll sleep there!" she said "we can stay on the boat. I don't care to be out this far in the dark. All the landmarks look the same after it gets dark out here. There are rock islands and things like trees floating out here, so I planned on being out here at least two days!" 

"When were you going to tell me this?" I asked jokingly. 

"Oh I didn't think you'd mind!" she replied. 

It took about 3 hrs to get to the island, and we talked and joked the whole time, we discussed our activities the night before and of how great it was to meet as we seemed so well suited sexually. 

I had to admit that it was the first time in my life that my "perversions" didn't scare or gross out my date! She gave me a knowing smile and said the same about her past lovers, although she said, "they did eventually succumb to my desires in time! 

I can be quite persuasive at times!" Besides being quite sexual she was a good conversationalist, very opinionated and informed, so the time went by quickly. 

She slowed the boat as we approached the island. It was overgrown and thick with underbrush. Mary steered the boat around the island slowly looking for a good place to come ashore. 

I surveyed the island with binoculars and tried to figure out where the house and buildings were. The island was so thick with growth and fallen trees that it was only possible to see a small portion of the second floor through the trees. 

So I helped Mary look for a good point to anchor or tie off the boat as close to shore as possible. We circled the island twice when we saw a small inlet and what looked to be the remains of a boat house and dock covered in vines. 

The inlet opened into a small lagoon maybe 100ft in diameter and deep enough for our boat to maneuver in. She slowed the motor to idle, and steered it alongside the vine covered dock. 

I cautiously stepped onto the old wood and checked it's stability before tying the boat off to the strongest points I could find. I took out a machete from my gear and cleared out some of the vines and found that the dock was in fairly good condition for its age and figured the vines protected the wood from the weather, and being an inlet, the lake ice wouldn't crush it even during the coldest of winters. 

Mary joined me on the dock and had her own machete in hand. We looked around and figured out where the path used to be and started hacking and chopping our way through the tangled under brush around the boat house and even found a small boat rotting behind it. 

It was after 2pm and it was getting warm and humid, both of us were dripping sweat in just a few minutes. To our relief there was only 50 ft of brush and then we came out onto a wide stone path. 

I thought it was curious that the path was so clear of growth but happy just the same that we wouldn't have to be hacking a trail the hard way. 

The path curved and we couldn't see anything from there so we went back to the boat and collected what we would need for our preliminary reconnaissance, the door keys, flashlights a pry bar, our machetes a digital night vision camera, and a tape recorder to collect my notes on. 

Mary went down in the cabin of the boat and fixed us sandwiches and drinks that we sat down to eat. We talked about safety and both of us boasted of our lack of fear of the unknown. Laughing and joking about ghosts, but I could see she was a little nervous, even through her bravado I could see she had some reservations about being here. 

I suppose I would have had more my self too, if I'd grown up hearing stories about this place. We finished eating and cleaned up. She made sure the boat was secured and that everything was off to save on the batteries. 

Together we started out down the stone pathway through the trees. She pulled her sweatshirt off, revealing her full breasts in the tiny string top, and tied the shirt around her waist.

She looked incredible walking beside me, her breasts bouncing with each step, "What are you looking at?" She joked, noticing my stare. 

"Umm Plenty!" I replied smiling, as I removed my shirt as well, and tied it around my own waist. It seems that it was getting warmer and steamier as we walked and I noticed it was clouding up a little towards the west. We rounded the bend and came out of the trees into a large clearing of high grass. The stone path went through the grass and led up to a very big house. 

Aside from a few cracked windows and a loose shutter or eve board it was in relatively good condition. We walked up to the porch where the mummified remains of the last inhabitant had been found and the rocking chair was still there. 

I continued my normal investigation by walking around the house with Mary at my side, while I took pictures and made notes as to defects and other structural observances on my tape recorder. 

When she stopped and grabbed my arm. "Dave look!" she said pointing up to a third floor window. 

I looked up and saw only the curtain moving but it did look as if someone had been holding it open. 

"Could have been a draft" I replied, as it was getting breezy "looks like the weather is changing" I continued. 

I took a picture of the window and one of the back porch door. It wasn't till later when I reviewed the pictures that I saw the figure of someone standing in the door. 

"Yeah right!" she said "its just a draft." 

We came back around to the front past the garden steps and went up onto the porch. Mary gave a little gasp as the rocking chair began slowly rocking. I looked down and stepped back on the first board at the top step, the chair moved again. 

"Its just loose boards, see" I said demonstrating by stepping on the board again for her to see. We both chuckled nervously as I walked over to the iron gated door unlocking it and the wooden door. 

I swung the door open and propped it open with the rocking chair "Just in case!" I exclaimed.

She looked me in the eye smiled nervously and took my hand as we stepped through the door into a foyer, with French doors on both sides and a beautiful wood stairway in the middle, with hallways on either side of it that led to different parts of the house. 

The wood work was incredible, ornate carvings and stylized moldings and stair balusters were in perfect condition, covered in dust but still in fantastic condition. The kind of workmanship that is too expensive to duplicate today. 

The floors were dust covered but still had a sheen beneath the years of accumulated dust. There were Persian style rugs in the walkways. 

It really was like stepping into the past, into a forgotten time. Everything was as it had been for at least 100 yrs. It was eerie to say the least. I was glad though, that I'd propped the door open, just so I could feel a connection with the present time. 

I always go to the left when I inspect a building so we opened the French doors to the left of the entrance, there were ragged sheer curtains over the door's windows. As the door swung in, we could see a living room with Victorian styled furniture, heavy velvet curtains shrouded the windows, giving the room an even more gloomy appearance. Shafts of dust filled light angled down from the windows. 

Mary went over and pulled open one set of drapes and let the first sunshine into this house in years. Creating a storm of dust. We both heard what sounded like a muffled shriek as the sun burst into the room. 

"What the hell was that!" She said

"I don't know, I don't know where it came from, it seemed as if the room was filled with the sound." I replied. 

"kind a spooky? Huh? She said, but her voice seemed different, kind of teasingly sensual with a seductive tone. 

I looked over to her and she was giving me a wicked little smile and a stare that kind of gave me the willies. She was getting turned on and it became more obvious as she brushed the dust away that fell when she opened the drapes from her sweaty breasts, I was sure she was rubbing over her swelling nipples more than brushing off dust. 

The whole time she kept eye contact with me. She turned away and walked around the room admiring the fixtures and furnishings. 

"Wow! this is so cool! Look at this place its beautiful! wouldn't you just love a place like this?" She said doing a little twirl in the center of the room, and unfortunately stirring up another cloud of dust. She sneezed a couple of times and said "Needs a good cleaning though!" 

We both laughed as we walked back into the hallway foyer. We proceeded to the left of the stair case and down a hallway, at the end of the hall were two doors, one on the left and the other was across from it. We entered the door on the left and found ourselves in what must have been the den or library. 

There was an ornate desk and leather covered chair, a short couch or settee and an overstuffed velvet upholstered easy chair. As well as a couple of small tables with oil lamps. Bookcases filled with books, lined the walls. 

This room was as well preserved as everything else, and I was fascinated by all the books, but I wanted to get on with the initial inspection first, then take some time to snoop around, so we went across the hall and opened the door, this one led down to the basement so I led the way switching on my flashlight, we carefully descended the stairs.