 Author’s Note: 

A Drow’s Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, ‘reverse’ rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 96: Purity

- There is a room prepared for you. It is bigger than you wanted, but you will have to get used to that. Let me lead the way.- Caleldir told Felynriia after he made the arrangements with Risa. He did so, gently pulling her along. -This is a larger, more developed pocket dimension than most. More like a demiplane than anything else. The result of an epic version of the spell Genesis. Risa, the woman who was messaging you in the mind first, is the one who built this place and is pretty much its Goddess. But she is a humble goddess, who takes delight in serving, and so if you need anything, just ask her out loud. She can hear everything in her domain.-

Unfortunately, Riia couldn’t cuddle up to him while they were walking through the absurdly large estate. She managed to cope, however, with a strong grip on Caleldir’s hand to keep her steady. She was too nervous to respond to any of his explanations.

Caleldir led Felynriia to her new rooms. Except for the toilet, they were all rather bigger than her old one, and much more comfortable. There were windows, but as Caleldir had instructed, they were covered by curtains (although those curtains did move with the quiet night breeze.) There was a quietly crackling wood fire on the hearth, a large, comfortable bed, several nice places to sit, homey, elegant decorations, and a whole lot of books. Felynriia’s entire library sat in a place of some prominence. Caleldir closed the door behind them and closed the doors to the other neighboring chambers in the suite. -Well, what do you think?- he asked her. -This place is bigger but should still be manageable, I think. More places to sit.-

She breathed a sigh of relief. Yes, it was much bigger than what she was used to, but after being drug through the previously enormity, she knew that this was better. At least the walls were not intimidatingly indistinct blurs here. They were merely difficult to focus on. She settled on a couch as she gazed around the room with an expression that was more curious than intimidated. But she didn’t stay seated long. She saw a familiar book and hopped up to confirm its identity. They were all here. And more. Oh, she could get used to this place! Slowly, she began to pace along the outer wall to familiarize herself with the room.

She thought (and signed, out of habit) back to him as she paced. -You mentioned asking the goddess something out loud before? That will be a bit difficult for me.- No offense seemed to be taken, though. She was just communicating a fact of life.

Watching the young drow pace the walls, Caleldir wondered if she had an actual vision problem or just a lack of experience with larger rooms. That would take a significant medical exam. One better left up to Risa. Caleldir was a geneticist and researcher, not a medical examiner. -I meant think out loud,- Caleldir corrected. -Like you are doing with me right now. Risa can read minds, but reading everyone’s minds all the time is prohibitively difficult. Instead, she just responds when she hears someone address something directly to her in their mind. But, we are going to get your deafness and muteness cured, if it is at all possible. And I cannot think why it would not be possible.-

-I am not mute.- The albino woman coughed to clear her throat. Then she made a humming noise that wavered slightly before becoming a solid note. Her point proven, she looked down at her hands sadly. -I was forbidden from learning how to talk. I couldn’t get the sounds right enough for the masters.-

-Well, the word for ‘not mute but still cannot talk’ is ‘dumb,’- Caleldir said. -I did not want to use that word.- He sat in thought. -Still, that is useful. With a bit of effort, we will be able to magically work around your current defects long before curing them, which will be useful if curing them is not possible for some reason. We will help you to become all that you were meant to be and more before the curse struck.- He smiled at her. -You didn’t say whether you liked the room or not. But I suppose you can wait to decide. Are you hungry? I can have one of the R.I.S.A.s bring up some food.-

-At first, I was scared of this room, but I think I will like it. Wait, one of the ‘R.I.S.A.’s?’-

He grinned at her. Unlike when it was spoken, when it was thought ‘R.I.S.A.’ was, in fact, different than Risa, for Caleldir had been using the written impression. -It is complicated. For now, let us suffice it to say that Risa has bits of her power taking on forms that look something like her wandering around this castle.- He briefly related a very condensed version of Risa and his history, including what the acronym stood for, and how she was now biological instead of just an illusion with mass. It probably brought up more questions than it answered. -But the nature of Risa is not the most pressing concern right now.-

Felynriia stopped pacing and looked toward him with fascination in her expression. That strange woman really was an interesting, complex creature. Riia still wasn’t sure if she should be afraid of her or not. Probably not. Caleldir seemed to trust her. By the time he was done explaining the situation, she came to sit near him to give him all her attention. She agreed with his conclusion, though, that Risa was not the most pressing concern at the moment. Riia had learned all she wanted to know about her for the time being.

She began to pick at her simple, light dress, rearranging the fabric across her knees in the process. That blush she had a while ago was coming back, now that she was aware again that there was a male in the room who seemed to have promised things that she had wanted for a very long time. Now that she was alone with him and had time to spare... she didn’t really know what to do. -I... I must seem very ugly to you.-

-You are very beautiful, my serene tempest, my calm chaos. Personally, I do not mind your paleness at all. How could I? I am not, by birth, a drow. Only by adoption and temporary permanent polymorph. To me, you look like many of those I grew up with.- He reached out and took her hand, squeezing it slightly. 

The young woman blushed even more brilliantly. He gave her hope that she would not always be considered the disgusting cripple everyone (until that point) seemed to think she was. She breathed out a shaking sigh as both her hands gladly gripped Caleldir’s one hand that had squeezed her.

-I know that this has to be very awkward for you,- He finally said. -It is awkward for me as well. But...- he collected his thoughts. -Felynriia, I presume you have read about what a House Consort is?-

-I have not read about House Consorts. But knew a Consort once. He was gentle. Called me -- she let go of his hand temporarily to sign the word for ‘tempest,’ then immediately took hold of his hand again -- Riia. I liked that better than what the others call me.- She frowned sadly. -He told me that he was going to fix me too. But he couldn’t. Then I never saw him again.- Her hand gripped him a little tighter, her eyes fixated on that connection between them. -You said you were a doctor before, is that what a House Consort does? Heal people?-

Caleldir breathed out a long breath. Oh dear. -A House Consort is not a doctor. That particular consort... I think that he was your father: Sornamal Lltkahril. You will see him again.- He thought for a moment. -I will leave Riia to your father. I will call you Sidhriia from now on. Not a sickly tempest, but a peaceful one. No more are you Felynriia, but Sidhriia.- He communicated the spelling of the words to her.

-Peaceful Tempest- She signed in wonder, though she had to remove her hands from his to do so. She signed it again, this time connecting the two signs more closely, forming something like a unique sign for her name. Then a soft smile touched the corners of her mouth. ‘Sidhriia. I like it. Thank you, sir.’ She thought to him respectfully. Then, like before, her hands slid back into his.

-I’m glad you like it.- Now it was time to explain Consorts... Caleldir decided to start from the beginning. -I am not certain how much you know about your own race, the Drow, but traditionally your women are in charge and your men serve. We are not quite so rigid in our roles here, but from now on, as an aristocratic young woman from one of the Great Houses, you will be considered important, respected, and to be obeyed. To a certain extent. For now, the Drow are not fond of pale skin, since that shade is associated with their enemies rather than their friends. Anyway, the Nobles are grouped into Houses, and good breeding and proper parentage are considered to be of great importance. To make sure that the next generation is properly pure, the females in Noble Houses do not marry like the surfacers do, but instead choose a collective mate with the desired characteristics that they all have access to. That mate is House Consort and is to be at the sexual service of every female member of that House except for his own daughters. I am House Consort to the current generation of Duskhaven, and you are a female member of the House. Therefore: I am at your service.-

Her brow furrowed in confusion -- especially at the part where he explained that she was to be considered ‘important, respected, and to be obeyed.’ Riia’s hands twitched and finally pulled away from Caleldir’s to adjust her dress across her knees and legs. Not that it needed adjusting. She shifted some cloth there, tucked in some cloth here, realized that she messed it all up and set it back to the way it was before she started playing with it. Her face was nearly as red as a Drow’s eyes were supposed to be. 

-’At my service...’- she thought to him hesitantly. -Right... now? You can be ‘at my service’ right now?- Riia clasped her fingers together tightly to keep herself from nervously playing with the fabric of her clothing. Her eyes were glued to her own hands at that point. But the quickness of her breath and the beat of her heart was evidence that she was excited. She just didn’t know how to act -- or even what to communicate. -I’ve wanted to for some time, but I’ve never- They always said that--

Sidhriia was nervous. That much was both obvious and understandable. What was less justifiable was that Caleldir himself was nervous. Mostly because this would be the first time he had ever had sex with a virgin, or with someone shy. Usually, he had sex with women who were somewhere between brazen and shameless and had loads of experience. A literal blushing maiden was a new experience for him, and he was not certain as to how to proceed. His normal (relative) passivity was not going to work now. He would have to take the lead. Probably. Ugh.

-Yes, at your service,- he thought to her. -Right now, if you desire.- He took a deep breath. Even if it was not necessary for ‘speaking’ with her, it still helped collect his thoughts. A little bit. -If you want to have sex with me, all you need to do is tell me. I can let you take the lead and teach you what to do through instruction, I can take the lead myself if you would rather just sit back and relax, or if you are too nervous, I can call Selene in here to show you. I can stay in my drow form or temporarily return to the body of my birth that I showed you back in your old room. We can stay here, or we can move to the bath and I can give you a calming wash and massage. I am at your service, my pale beauty.-

Caleldir gave her another dazzling, though a touch nervous and uncertain, smile. -I belong to the women of House Duskhaven, to command as they wish. And now, that includes you. At this moment, only you. What do you wish from me, my lady?-

Riia also blew out a heavy breath. One did not need to be in the habit of talking to collect themselves that way. She looked askance at Caleldir as she thought over the options that he gave to her. -I do know the mechanics of... everything.- she told him. -In theory. And everything I read had the male mostly in charge.- Riia simply did not have the confidence to enact the theoretical knowledge. She had wanted a male for what seemed like so long. Every fantasy had played through her head. Now she was living one of those fantasies, and it was intimidating and surreal. Especially since, in this case, she was apparently expected to be in charge. ‘Be obeyed,’ as he said.

-If you want me to take the lead, I can do so.- Caleldir said. -But it is important to note the society you will one day be joining frowns on men being in charge, so we will gradually need to get you more used to being more confident, sure of yourself, and commanding. One day at a time, though.-

One day at a time. Need to get used to being confident. Well. There was one thing she knew she wanted, and it wasn’t too awkward to ask for it. -Can you... be in your birth form? I liked that. You were pale, like me.- There. That was easy enough to communicate. Now, something a little more difficult. -And I understand that... things... are easier in a bed. Can we move there?- She asked. Everything was a polite, hesitant request rather than an outright order. She may have looked like a very pale Selene, but her manners were almost the exact opposite.

He gently smiled at her requests. Standing up and away from her, he turned his back for a moment. Good thing that polymorph spell he had cast on himself earlier still had a bit of juice in it. Not much, but it was something. A deep inhale, and he transformed once again, growing taller, his hair changing from white to black. He also dropped the faerie veil. Turning around, he was Himself again. Even if a mage would detect him as being in disguise, the disguise was the deeper truth than the lack of it. -I am Caleldir Hissael,- he thought to her. -Blackdawn only by adoption, drow only by magical manipulation.- 

The pale women looked completely dazzled by Caleldir. His drow form was handsome, of course, but there was something just... right about seeing him that way.

As he was bigger in this form, he was slightly stronger as well. Strong enough so that the smaller Riia was little trouble to lift up once more and carry towards the bed.

A happy smile spread across her features. Once she was set down, she shifted more towards the pillows and moved them so that she could sit up. Her eyes were becoming slightly bolder -- or, more accurately, it was difficult to look away from his dazzling beauty.

Caleldir took a step away. His own clothing phased partly, though not entirely, out for a moment, before phasing back in. Do you want to remove your own clothing? Or would you rather I do so?

Her lips thinned. She began picking at her dress again. This was... sort of awkward. She was making this awkward. Riia wanted very badly to experience the wonderful sensations described in the novels she was allowed to read... but now, well, something felt a bit off. In her novels, the people were tearing at each other’s clothes at this stage, desperate for deeper connection. But they were both too nervous, and it was all her fault.

Meanwhile, Caleldir very much felt that things were awkward because of him. After all, he was the experienced one, he should know what to do. Ugh. If he were a man like one of those from the books that Sidhriia had clearly been reading, then he would have her shivering on the bed underneath his demanding, skilled touch right now. He was even capable of such displays of initiative, but Sidhriia’s uncertainty had affected him far more than it should have.

-My sister... Selene.- She thought slowly. -She would not mind being here? She would not mind... helping us? Teaching me?-

Caleldir grasped at that means of escape from the awkwardness. -Selene told me that she wished that she could be here, but that she feared you would not want her to be,- Caleldir said. -She is anxious to get to know you. If you like, I will call her.- 

Sidhriia nodded slowly. Her fantasies had never involved a female before. Mostly because other women were strange and alien to her. Males were the ones that she always had contact with. But if Caleldir would be more comfortable with Selene -- who he had clearly already mated with and impregnated -- then Riia supposed that Selene should be involved.

Feeling a bit ashamed of himself, Caleldir asked Risa to summon Selene and waited. Ugh. It was harder to really want to have sex with someone that he had just met. If they had had a few days to get to know each other, he could have easily taken the initiative, but Sidhriia was still a stranger to him.

It did not take Selene long at all to appear after she was requested. As she walked into the room, the awkwardness and uncertainty were palpable. Oh dear. This was not going well at all. Clearly, her little sister was far more submissive than one would expect from a Duskhaven woman. Selene understood. Sometimes, it even took females some practice before they were used to being in charge. Knowing a bit of Riia’s backstory, Selene would have been surprised if the young woman had any initiative whatsoever. 

“Alright, you two,” Selene both thought and spoke as she approached the bed and knelt upon it. “Have a seat, dearest.” She pulled Caleldir onto the bed in front of her, facing Riia. He was taller than he had been recently, but if she sat up on her knees she could comfortably look over his shoulder at her sister. Her fingers affectionately twined through his hair, and she briefly planted a kiss on the back of his ear before giving further instructions. “Riia, come here. Straddle his lap. Touch him. Caleldir, you too. Touch her. Then we’ll think about removing clothing.”

Oh. Yes. He should have thought of this to begin with. Just started touching and kissing. Duh. He had been an idiot. Of course, if the two of them had a lot of foreplay, then they would both feel more ready! Probably a better idea would be to tell Sidhriia that if she had waited for this long, she could ease into things over a few days. No need to jump straight into bed now. But that realization came a few moments late.

The pale drow swallowed nervously but did as her sister asked. She sat in his lap, but not too close. Then, hesitatingly, she put her hands on his hips.

With Sidhriia on his lap, Caleldir began by running his hands up and down the sides of her dress, feeling the curves of her body. He also ran his hands slowly up and down her slender arms, that touch skin-to-skin.

“There,” Selene spoke and thought soothingly. “This is better, isn’t it?” Her lips pressed against Caleldir’s pale neck. She felt wrong for doing so, but she really did prefer him when his form was more like it was supposed to be. It was a little strange, though, since her instincts insisted that Caleldir was currently in disguise. 

This was better, Sidhriia. The touch of another person -- especially those hands running across her bare skin -- made Riia shudder with pleasure and longing. It also made her own hands bold enough to begin exploring Caleldir’s chest. She was not so bold as to try to touch his skin, however. Her face was still red, her breath still heavy. Riia clearly wanted him, and now she finally had the proper direction.
