 As we got to the bottom of the stairs we both had the same idea, it was chilly down in the cellar and we both put our shirts back on. There was no other description for what we found in the basement other than it was a dungeon! On one end was what looked like a laboratory, there were odd shaped bottles and mixing bowls cluttering the shelves and a table, and something that gave me a shiver, an axe laying on a chopping block about waist high. 

There were several manacled chains hanging about the main room and what could only be described as two cells, with heavy wooden doors and big steel latches. The walls were stone and cement and there were heavy wooden uprights supporting timber beams, every ten feet, and each one had some form of chain restraints or big eye rings attached. 

There were two wooden benches and a tall stock and a short stock, like those used in European dungeons. 

Mary and I looked at each other and I could see she was smiling. 

"Just what every home needs! A play room!" I said. 

"Oh yeah this could be a lot of fun!" she replied reaching out to run her fingers down the length of a leather whip that was hanging with other implements of torture on the stone wall at the bottom of the stairs. 

"What are these things for?" she asked pointing to several devices hanging there.

I stepped over and examined what looked to be thumb screws of various sizes. There were some that were only big enough for a thumb while there were a couple of others that were too big for any thumb. I explained how the thumbscrews worked, and jokingly said the bigger ones were for maintaining an erection. 

We discussed the history of the island and that it had been used as a prison but why would they keep prisoners in the main house? "Perhaps prisoners were brought down here for questioning during the early days?" I thought out loud.

But even I thought that I couldn't help but think, the stuff looked as if it had been in use much more recently. There was none of the junk that normally clutters a basement, no food stuffs or old broken furniture. In the very back wall of the basement there was a door that led down stone stairs to a small room with two heavy doors one door opened into what must have been a root cellar. It was probably 40 degrees or less in there and what looked to be the remains of apples and potatoes. The other door led into a tunnel that sloped up gradually, we saw the silhouette of a woman in the dark tunnel but it quickly vanished as we got closer, the tunnel was about 100 ft long, ending near what appeared to be a small shack, we could see that we were within 50 ft of the boat. We walked back through the tunnel and went back up into the basement.

"Well that's cool, huh? A secret passage way in and out of a dungeon! How convenient, wouldn't you say?" 

Mary walked over to a mirrored cabinet on the wall and opened it. She stepped back and said "And what are these?" 

I shined my light in the cabinet illuminating its contents. To both our amazements it was filled with plaster castings of penises! Some with balls and some with out.

We both stared in wonder at the sight of maybe a hundred white cocks each one perfect in detail and yet different than the one next to it. Some circumcised and some not, big and small, some perfectly erect and others a bit bent, perhaps a casting of a semi limp cock. 

"Well it seems the lady of the house had a hobby! Huh?" I said. 

"Yeah, I guess she did" Mary said gently touching several and tracing their shapes with her finger tips, clearly enjoying the sight of so many cocks of so many different sizes and shapes. "I wonder how she did it "she mumbled turning around and examining the benches. "Look here, there's a hole in the long board right where your cock would be if you laid down on it. .Yup..., and here's a bucket that fits in the hole. I wonder how she kept the guys hard while the plaster set? 

"Well I can get a pretty good idea!," I replied, "with all this stuff," I gestured around the room, "I'm sure she knew how to use it! I'll bet you could keep me hard that long!" I joked. 

"Hhmm, I wish I'd done this myself! I've had some great cock in my life and all I have are fond memories. She said motioning towards the cabinet with her thumb. 

"Well you can start with mine!"I replied. Starting back up the stairs" are you coming?" I asked. 

She was hesitant to follow me and said "No I'm not cumming... yet! But I'm getting some ideas!" 

We went back up the stairs and she teasingly poked at my ass "wait til later babe I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you!" she said. Maybe we'll make use of her little play room huh? You'd like that wouldn't you?! 

"Well you know you're right, but lets get the work aspect done first, okay? At least this house today and then tomorrow we hunt for the other buildings. " I replied trying not to sound like I was being bossy. 

We stepped back into the hallway and squinted at the little, yet brighter light on the first floor and went around the stair way to the front foyer and into the other set of French doors at the foyer, revealing a fantastic Victorian dinning room. The table was once a set with a fine white table cloth. Mary pulled open the heavy drapes and the sun light flooded the room. It was easy to imagine the fancy meals and the upper class types that would have dined in such fine style. Back in a simpler time in the days before two world wars and the advent of TV. When meals were a big part of the day. 

At the rear of the room a door led into a very good sized kitchen. There were cupboards on three walls, the upper cabinet doors went nearly to the ceiling which was ten feet high through out the house and basement. There was a ladder hung on a track that went around the entire kitchen to access the higher shelves.

There were dishes and dozens of jars of canned goods still there, though I wouldn't want to eat anything as old as some of it seemed to be. 

There wasn't many store bought items other than a few cans and spices. The large iron wood burning stove took up nearly the whole back wall, a 4 ft tall stack of cut wood filled the areaon either side of the stove. 

At the far right hand corner was a door that led outside the rear of the house. In the middle of the kitchen was a large preparation island. A heavy cabinet with a wood slab top that showed years of use for preparing foods and chopping. 

An iron frame hung above it with various pots and pans hanging from it. A big kerosene lantern was suspended from the center. On the left hand wall was a big metal sink with an old hand pump. There was no electric, gas or even running water. I gave the pump a few cranks and sure enough water came out a bit discolored at first but it cleared up before it stopped running. 

I happened to look out the window behind the stove and noticed that it was getting late and clouding up for what looked like a good storm. I checked my watch and noted it was after 5 so I asked Mary whether or not we should stay the night and where would she prefer, either on her boat or here in the house. We decided to go back down to the boat and collect what ever we might want for the night and stay in the house. We hadn't seen or experienced anything too weird, well other than the "play room" so why not?! We walked back down to the boat and off loaded everything we wanted and together we snapped the canvasses down to keep out the rain that had just started to drizzle a mist like rain. 

It took a couple of trips up and back to bring up the stuff we decided to bring and we sprinted up the path back to the house on the last trip. By the time we were done we were both soaked, we dashed in the door and I put the rocking chair back on the porch and closed the door. 

We laughed and shook off the rain drops that hadn't soaked in. The temperature had dropped with the rain and as I pulled her close to me, I could feel her shivering and I could see her firm nipples pressing against her sweat shirt. I kissed her deeply and we shared a moment of warmth from each other. 

"Lets get a fire going," I said shivering. "which room would you like to heat?"

We decided to build a fire in the front sitting room and then look up stairs while we still had some daylight. I had a fire going in just a few minutes thanks to the wood in the kitchen and a newspaper that I had happened to bring along.

While Mary searched around and brought out 4 kerosene lamps with oil and lit them. She put one on a small table in the foyer and left one in the sitting room. 

Still damp but a little warmer we took the other lamp and our flashlights and went up to the second floor. There were 6 doors, each leading to a bed room. In one room Mary found a wardrobe filled with women's Victorian style clothes. I sat on the bed and watched as she stripped off her sweats and the tiny string bikini, she then put on a white blouse that was very sexy, at least to me, the cleavage was covered with a sheer fabric exposing her ample breasts. She pulled on an ankle length skirt which she grabbed at the hem and ripped up to her waist. 

"Can't leave everything to the imagination!" she said seductively. 

She then picked up a very old pair of black high heeled shoes, sat down next to me and told me to put them on her. I knelt down at her feet and slipped them on her, surprised that they fit her and started buttoning them. It wasn't easy as I had never buttoned shoes before. 

She stood up, pulled her hair up on her head and asked "Well how do I look?" 

Kneeling at her feet I could only say "Great!" which was a real understatement of how really, really good she looked to me! She picked up her sweats and sneakers and I lit another lamp leaving it on a table at the top of the stairs, as we went back down stairs. 

We unpacked our things and she pulled out a bag with some food that she had brought from home and from the boat "not exactly gourmet" she said "but its food"

We went to the kitchen and I started a fire in the old stove as she pumped up a couple of pots of water, and filled the big coffee pot. I was surprised by her preparedness. She had brought packets of coffee, sugar, salt, ketchup, honey and a couple of cans of canned spam, green beans, baked beans, a dozen eggs and a somewhat crushed loaf of bread. 

Like she said not exactly gourmet, but beggars cant be too choosy! We found an old box of spic and span and broke off a chunk of the now solid mass and as soon as we had hot water on the stove we wiped down the kitchen and dinning room table. She cleaned a few dishes to use and I set the table. I hunted around through the sideboards and found a box of candles for the candelabras and lit them up. 

I rejoined Mary in the kitchen where she was frying up the spam and heating the baked beans. I stepped behind her and wrapped my arms around her, kissing her on the neck from behind. 

She gave my crotch a quick butt rub and told me "dinners ready." As she lifted open her skirt at the rip, and exposed her firm ass. 

I bent down and kissed both cheeks and lovingly licked up her crack. "Hmm! Tastes good!" I said standing back up. 

"Well lets save that for dessert, hmm?" she teased, smoothing her skirt back down. 

We ate our dinner, such as it was, while enjoying the ambiance of the candle lit room. Her beauty was accentuated by the soft flickering candle light. 

She was looking so hot in her borrowed outfit! I have always been turned on by that old fashioned school teacher, librarian look, and dressed as she was at that moment she was every fantasy I'd ever imagined. I really love women who aren't what they appear, who's sexuality is deeper and darker than her quiet intelligence and reserved public appearance. 

Women who, when they let down their hair, really let go! Mary was every bit of that, and more! Just being with her gave me a good feeling inside, usually sexual deviations are uncovered as a relationship grows older and yet her desires and mine were so equally matched. She was every thing I'd wanted in a woman, I found myself wondering if I could ever be what she wanted in a man, and actually hoped that she would . But I'd seen the size of her ex's pecker, I didn't quite make the grade there! I must admit I'm only of average size in that regard.

Hell what was I thinking? We'd only know each other just under 24 hrs and already I'm falling in love? 

"What are you thinking about?" She asked breaking the silence. 

"oh... nothing," I stammered, "uh, hey would you like to retire to the study?" "I saw some books in there that might have some history or information that would be interesting, you know like something regarding the basement and the stuff that's down there. How bout it?"

She agreed and we took our dishes into the kitchen and went into the study. We lit the two lamps and a couple of candles and snooped around for a few minutes. Mary went over to the book cases and I went to work digging through the desk drawers. 

I found a set of 6 leather bound diaries in the big bottom drawer. They were each dated on the spine so I opened the most recent one dated 1956 - there was no end date on the spine as the others all had, so I assumed it was the last. I went to the last entry and saw it must have been before the body was found on the porch. But that didn't seem right as she was supposedly found in a nearly mummified state of decomposition.

The entris were in a similar style of flamboyant script as the envelope the realtor had given me. It read, "no men again this week, cant last much longer" I flipped back through the book and saw nearly the same message repeated over and over again. I flipped the pages back to the beginning entry. And went to sit next to Mary who was looking at a book of bondage illustrations and very old photographs on the settee, 

"Hey check this out I said sitting next to her holding the book on my lap. Together we read the following entries.