 Written in the same flamboyant script as the envelope we read...

"April.27th 1956 

It has now been two months with out her menstrual juices, I don't know how long my strength will last with out it. My pet's juices are sustaining me, but I need more! His daily output has diminished to less than a quarter cup, time is catching up with me, I seem to have aged 10 yrs in the last week, and it will be months before the ice melts. I need another pet to milk soon. I don't know if I can maintain my strength till spring this year. She complains daily for me to let her go home! She's so selfish! I only keep her alive for my pet's child! Damn! I should have bred him sooner! I don't know if I have enough of my own potion left within me to finish the child's transformation. Perhaps the devil will collect his due! 

"May. 14th 1956 

The process is rapidly overtaking me, I have aged more. My clothes hang on my body and my breasts are all but flat on my chest, my hair is growing and is now snow white! I have to trim my nails twice a day to keep them from curling under. My pet is not serving my needs his cock only produces with the herbal treatment now. My beauty has gone, and his eyes tell of the disgust and fear he feels toward me. Yesterday I lost two teeth while sucking his cream and he fainted away. I miss those looks that he gave me just two weeks ago. That puppy dog submissiveness is gone as well. He seems distracted and pensive. I fear he plots against me. He still fears the power I held over him, even though it is gone, and has been for several weeks. He is still performing his chores but I have started chaining him to the foot of my bed at night. I am finding it more and more difficult to climb those stairs each day. The girl is getting weaker, I am no longer able to give her the potion, and feeding them both has become impossible, the child would be due on all hallows eve. But I have failed! But as I go, so shall they! I have prepared the poison for them both, and tomorrow they will get the first dose. 

May. 19th 1956 

Damn them both! They escaped this morning! My pet has revolted! Neither of them have eaten the poison! He began testing me yesterday, disobeying my smallest requests and became emboldened when my power to crush his balls at will failed to punish him for his disobedience! I have had none of his cream in three days and can only walk a few feet at a time. They went through my clothes and stole all my warmest things. All I could do was watch as they ran across the ice, the fools! They'll surely freeze to death anyway!" 

That was the last full entry in the book, we looked at each other and I saw something in her face that seemed to slowly build up, as she said

"I was born on Halloween, 1956!"

I felt a cold chill run down my back, and my hair tingled not just on the back of my neck but over my entire body! She stood up and walked toward the desk and sat back against it. 

Her expression was one of fear and concern, "This isn't funny any more!" She began, "my mother died when I was born, and my father died soon after. I was raised by my aunt, Liz , her husband died when I was about 10...." 

I interrupted her, "Your aunts name was Liz? It wasn't Elizabeth Corbin? Was it?" 

She gave me a questioning gaze and replied "yes it was!... how did you know that?" she looked surprised by my comment. 

"I met her at the real estate office! She's the one who gave me the keys!" I answered. 

She seemed even more concerned than ever. "I might be that baby!" She seemed to be thinking aloud, as she continued... "That explains a lot doesn't it? Why I'm so fucking horney all the time! Why I dream of, and hunger for sex, with any body, any time!" she looked towards me and said, "Dave, I had meant to say something sooner, but I thought I was just being silly..." 

"What's that?" I asked.

"...I felt I knew you, and I couldn't remember where or when, or even why, until now!" she began, "you have been in my dreams since I was a girl, and so has this house! Since we met I've felt as if I were living a dejavu, as if I'd done and been through all this many times before,...with you!" her expression was becoming more relaxed as if the fear had left her. 

"With me?" I asked. 

"Yes with you.. And you were my "pet" she said, "but we had a lover as well..." 

"We had a lover? What, did we share her?" I asked smiling. 

"No!... She shared us! In my dreams you knelt to me, but we both knelt down at her feet! My first memory of my dream was when I was very young, I would awaken to an orgasm, She gave me my first orgasms, in my dreams! My sheets would be wet and my pussy ached to be filled! I learned to masturbate with anything I could find that could fit in me!" 

"My Ken doll was my first "male pet". I had renamed him "Dave", and I drew a moustache on him, just like yours!" 

"I slept with him every night, one morning I woke to a massive orgasm, I could feel something hard deep inside my pussy, it hurt, but it felt so fucking good to have something so hard up inside me! There was blood on my sheets and Dave's plastic legs were sticking out of me! I still sleep with him on dark and stormy nights, when I'm alone." 

"Everyday I went to school so horney, often with out panties and teased the boys with out mercy. Each night the dreams became more intense and even frightening! In high school I learned that the dreams went away once I had an actual sexual encounter, with anyone male or female!" 

"I hated gym class! I wanted to make love to every girl as we showered together, so much flesh, and lustful pleasure! So much forbidden fruit!" her passion and hunger filled her voice. 

"It was bound to happen though. I tried to hide my feelings and fought to keep my hands to myself. I would skip gym class, or refuse to participate, usually just mentioning menstrual pains got me out of class, but after awhile it became impossible to avoid the inevitable." 

"My first sexual experience was there at school, in the gym showers. The biggest mistake I ever made too!" 

"Anna, she was the prettiest girl in our class, long wavy blonde hair, a picture perfect figure, the most beautiful tits and ass!" "We had to sweep the gym floor after class while the other girls went to the showers. By the time we were done sweeping, the others were exiting the showers when we went to the locker room alone."

"She was such an egotistical show off! She came from a wealthy family and flaunted it in front of everyone! I'm sure you know the type?! They have everything already and blessed with looks too!" 

I nodded, it seemed as if she were recanting my own troubled youth! Except for the Ken doll! I grew up with the same dreams, fears and desires! I was fascinated by her story, and getting a bit turned on as she went on to say....

"She came on to me first, we were showering and she cornered me in the warm water placing her hands on the wall on either side of me, she kissed me!" 

"My first French kiss, and she led me down to her firm breasts and then down her smooth belly".

"Her thighs parted and I tasted my first pussy! She turned and faced the wall, arching her back and jutting her ass outward allowing me to finger and lick her tight ass and suck at her pussy as I knelt behind her."

"She came against my mouth, then turned and viciously shoved me down to the floor!"

From that day on I lived in shame, she told the other girls that I had forced my self on her! I never had many friends any way, but from that day, I had none, at least none that would admit to being my friend." 

"Boys or girls!" 

"Several of the kids would come around occasionally, but they only came over to use me! Offering their friendship only if I orally serviced them, secretly!"

"But once they got together with the others I was treated like a leper, contagious, diseased, dirty!" 

"One day two of the girls came over together, I knew they were up to something but my own hunger for their friendship and sexy bodies drove me on, I stupidly went out with them to a clearing in the woods."

"We three stripped naked and they forced me to my knees and tied my hands behind my back, just as four more girls came out from hiding and circled around me teasing and chanting "Mary's a slut! A dirty little pig!""

"I tried to get up, to run away. but they jumped me and held me and as a group began beating, kicking and slapping me."

"They all stripped and took turns using me for their own pleasures,holding me down on the ground as each one pissed and crapped all over me!"

"Each of them finished by holding my head by my hair as they made me lick their assholes clean!"

She spoke with tears in her eyes and my own vision blurred with my own tears, I had the same experience at about the age! I knew exactly what she had felt, the needs and the fear, embarassment shame and disgust. She continued saying... 

"Then they all dressed and ran laughing for home, taking my clothes with them. Leaving me naked with my hands tied behind my back and totally covered in their stink!"

The simularities in our experiences was weird but she went on to describe a significant difference, something I never had, Revenge! 

"I swore to avenge my self! In time I have all but satisfied my revenge, I have fucked each and everyone of their boyfriends and husbands! But I have also fucked each of their kids, on or near each of their 18th birthday's, boys and girls!" 

There was a fire in her eyes as she went on...

"Ron was Anna's first husband and childhood sweetheart! Oh, and my "cook"? He was the child of another of my tormentors! As a matter of fact, I employ several of their adult kids, and I fuck them all!" 

A lightening bolt struck some where close by and literally shook the house to its foundations. The white flash seemed to last several seconds and in its light I thought I saw some one, or something standing behind Mary in the shadows. 

I jumped to my feet and Mary reached out and placed her hand on my chest and eased me back down in the chair.

"Its just lightening" she said in a calming tone.

I looked towards the drapes and there was nothing there. Mary sat back against the desk and seductively crossed her legs so that the skirt would fall away, and expose her shapely legs.

"I don't know if I'm that baby! Its just a coincidence that I share the same birth date. I mean the odds are, they froze to death out on the ice, it was May? Right?" 

I felt she was half heartedly trying to convince herself, but of what? I really wasn't certain. When she gave me a seductive smile and looked me in the eye.

"You wanna know some thing?" she whispered, "All this spooky shit,... you, and this house, have had me so fucking horney! I mean,...well, shit, you know I'm a slut, right? I mean, I'll fuck just about anybody, man or woman! But there's something strange here! I've never been so fucking hungry for sex as I've been since we got here! Look here!" she said uncrossing her legs and spreading her pussy with one hand. 

I could see her glistening juices coating her pussy and thighs leaving shimmering trails down her shapely legs. I moved to sit up closer in hopes of just a taste. But she motioned me to stay seated. She held her pussy spread and collected her juices with her other hand, coating her fingers in her wetness. She held out her hand just close enough for me to smell, but she then licked it off herself, savoring the flavor of her own nectar. 

She continued to say, "Hmm!, oh I taste so good! You know, I think that old lady had a good thing going, I mean having men for pets... Would you like to be my pet?" 

I could only nod, even though I was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable with this sudden inspiration of hers to include any part of what we had read. But her sensual behavior and attitude were quickly clouding my mind with lustfull thoughts of her. 

She continued to rub her pussy and lick to juices from her fingers seductively. As she said, " I'd like you naked,... my "pet"... and kneeling at your Mistresses feet!...Now!" 

I hopped up and quickly stripped and knelt at her feet. I fought back the urge to reach out and grab her around her hips and bury my face in her wet cunt. My cock was hard and I could feel my own juices on my thigh. She was really getting into her role as my Mistress, as she smiled down at me with a wicked look in her eyes. 

"Crawl over here, and using only your tongue,... I want you to make me cum! 

I crawled over as she spread her legs wider and leaned back on the desk. 

Oh, she smelled so good, as I lapped at the outer folds of her crotch, gathering her juices with my tongue as I worked closer to her soft fleshy pussy lips. I slid my tongue over them as I sought her swollen clit. I circled it pressing my tongue firmly around its base. 

"You may suck it!" she said. 

So I pulled her clit between my lips sucking it in, rolling my tongue over it within my mouth. She tasted so good, I slurped and sucked her juices and mouthed the soft flesh of her pussy. 

"Now eat my asshole!... That's it get your tongue up in my shit hole "pet!" ...Hmm!... That feels so good! In and out,... oh yeah! Now go back to my cunt "pet!" Yes that's nice, Yeah right there! Suck it harder!" 

I love eating pussy and hers was with out equal! Her calling me "pet" at first bothered me but I was quickly beginning to enjoy the sound of her voice referring it to me. 

She grabbed my head in both hands and pulled my face firmly into her pussy and came, rolling her hips and grinding her cunt into my mouth, gushing wetly and screaming 

"oh yess!.... Suck me dry my pet! And don't you spill a drop!..... Oh damn you are Good!"

She roughly pushed my head back and sat back on the desk catching her breath. 

"Oh, yes, you really like being my pet don't you?!" 

"Oh, Yes, I do!" I declaired proudly, as I wiped her excess juices from my face with the back of my hand. "Please make me do anything you want I am yours!" 

The house shook again and the room once again filled with the blinding bluish white light of another lightening bolt. This time there was no doubt in my mind that I had seen something! I almost screamed, and if I could have found my voice, I would have!

At first it just appeared to be a dark shape, but as the lightning flash lit up the room the dark figure bent over and opened up, like Dracula in an old movie spreading a dark cape. 

There snarling at me, stood a female form in a black velvet cape. Her eyes were empty, as if she had no pupils, and I could swear she had fangs! Not just two but a mouth full! 

I scrambled to my feet and she was gone. Mary looked at me as if I were nuts.

"What the hell got into you?" she asked.

I told her what I had seen and she could tell I was shaken, as my once raging hard-on drooped towards the floor. My hair bristled as I stepped to the corner and looked for what, I wasn't sure, but I had seen her! It wasn't an optical illusion, yet there was nothing in the corner to even catch the light. Let alone produce the kind of image I saw! 

"What did she look like?" Mary asked a tone of fear and concern in her voice. 

"She was beautiful and frightening at the same time! I mean, she had a great figure and a huge pair of tits! But her expression was frightening! She looked right through me! She was right here!" I said pointing towards the corner. 

I felt Mary's hand on my shoulder, "Oh shit you're really trembling! You're whole body is shaking! You poor thing, ...scared the starch out-a you, huh?" she snickered a little, staring down at my half hard cock, and said, "I thought you said you'd seen a ghost before?" 

I noted a teasing gleeful tone in her voice as if she were amused by my involuntary reaction to what I had seen. She stepped behind me and wrapped her arms around me, clasping my semi hard cock in one hand, and my balls in the other. 

Her embrace was warm and comforting, and the tremors soon subsided. She massaged my balls and twisted gently at my dick.

"Maybe she'll come back and join us." she said suggestively, speaking softly, almost blowing in my ear. 

"Well I hope she's smiling next time! Shit! She scared the crap out of me!" I replied. 

"oh really? Let me check!" her left hand released my cock and slid down the crack of my ass. 

I leaned my head back on her shoulder as her fingers probed in and around my ass hole. "Nope you didn't shit your self but, here, sniff, you could use a bath!" She said reaching up and placing her fingers in front of my nose. "Lick them clean my pet!" 

She was right about that, the smell I mean, and if she was trying to distract me, well... It was working. Leaving my fright behind, my cock tingled and swelled as I took her stinky fingers in my mouth and licked and sucked them clean. 

"Good boy my pet!" She said pulling her hand away, and backing away from me. 

She turned towards the desk and picked up the picture album that she had been looking through earlier. She placed it on the desk and began thumbing through the pages.

"There's a picture here that I wanted to show you before, but I wasn't too sure about it until now." She said glancing back with a wicked little grin! 

Damn this was such delicious torture! How she could leave me, so ready to burst that is, and just walk away! I loved it! She seemed to be testing my willingness to only serve her needs, and even though I wanted to have jerked off right there and then, I fought the urge to relieve the burning need to cum! 

I was still concerned about what I thought I saw and I remembered my cameras. 

"Hey, I hate to change the mood, but I'd like to set up some of my equipment. I said wishing the rank taste in my mouth would fade soon. 

"Oh yeah what equipment?" she asked. 

"My cameras to start with..." I began, but she cut me off. 

"Hmmm a camera? You want to make a dirty movie? Sounds like fun my pet!" She teased. 

"No... ah, uh yeah, I do, but I was thinking about maybe catching whatever I saw, on tape." I replied stammering a bit. 

"Oh! You're going make me jealous!" she joked, speaking to the corner where I'd seen the apparition, and wagging her finger. I picked up my pants and was about to put them on but she stopped me. 

"Hey come on,... I like you naked,... don't put them on, I want to watch your cock flop and bounce as you walk around!" She said with a coy look, and smiled squeezing my semi hard cock. 

So I tossed the jeans back on the floor and brought out my stuff. I unpacked the cameras and started to set them up to capture every inch of the study. As I did I was thinking that if I did catch a ghost I'd have a hard time showing the tape! Being naked and knowing Mary as I did already, this wasn't going to be a prime time movie of the week, that was certain! 

But that's what editing is for. I'd always wanted to be filmed having sex but I never had the chance before, and Mary was worth filming any time, especially having sex, so I made sure that the cameras were going to capture everything! 

"Dave look here, this is the woman! The one I've seen in my dreams since I was young!" 

I stepped over to Mary and she pointed out an old photo of a very attractive naked woman. But that wasn't the strangest part, she flipped several pages and pointed out another picture, then another and another. In each photo the woman was either naked or engaged in sexual play with men and women! 

I noticed something different though. The photos were old but some were very old. Some dated back to before the Civil war and from the types of photos it was obvious that there were photos of this woman and her various lovers that covered nearly 100 years! But she never changed! she looked the same in the oldest to the most recent pictures, that appeared to be from the 1950's. 

I went back to setting up the cameras. I was starting to put every thing together now, "Sarah" was a succubus! She had to be! Her apparent longevity, the stories, and the diaries, she had to be! 
