 Through the camera's viewer I saw how she once again surprised me with her uncanny preparedness! She brought several dildos, a leather strap-on harness, a riding crop and another whip, and thigh high, heeled boots. The heels were silver and shaped like little erect cocks, pointing towards the floor. The toes of the boots were elongated and pointed. 

I could imagine laying at her feet and feeling her push those heels and the pointed toes up my ass! I felt a rush of excitement through my groin as I watched her strip and put on a black corset that had sheer black fabric attached to the bottom that went to the floor and was open at the front. 

"Get over here and lace me up my pet!" 

I didn't need a second request and went to her and laced up her corset. Her full breasts were fully exposed and looked so beautiful in the flickering light shrouded with a black sheer floor length robe, that she then put on. 

"Kneel down and put my boots on!" she said leaning back against the desk. 

I knelt down sliding my hands down her body and kissing her thighs. My reward was her bare foot kicking me in the balls!

I went to my knees and grabbed my aching testes and moaned, "Thank you Ma-am!" before taking her boot and sliding it up her shapely leg, and then the other. 

"Lean back!" she said in a commanding tone. 

Still on my knees I spread my legs and leaned back on my hands.

Resting back against the heavy desk she toyed and played with my cock and balls with her booted feet. 

It felt so good! Her heels poked and dug into my man meat and balls, she mashed them under the flat of her boots and poked the toe just in my ass hole. 

She seemed to know just how much pain to inflict and where to apply it to make me gasp in agony and then beg her for more! I loved it!

I could see she was enjoying her power over me! Her facial expression showed the wonderment of a child as she watched her feet crushing and prodding at me, then change to wicked pleasure when her feet found just the right place to inflict a pained response from me. 

"Oh you seem to have a higher tolerance to pain, my pet, even Ron cant take this much punishment!" she said following with a severe kick to my balls that sent my head thumping back to the floor as I pulled my hands from behind me to comfort and protect myself from a next attack. 

She leaned against the desk and laughed as I lay there rolling gently from side to side caressing my aching balls with both hands and moaning softly. 

"Oh did it hurt?! Move your hands!" she demanded playfully. 

When I did, she gave me another kick. This one curled me up in a fetal position sucking air, as I cringed and held my balls tightly, softly rubbing my sore berries.

I rolled on to my knees facing away from her, and exposing my ass. 

"My my what have we here? Hmm? Well do your balls hurt my pet?" Whack! she said as I felt the hot sting of a leather strap searing a stripe across my ass. 

"Oh yes ma-am! I replied in a high pitched pained tone.

"Maybe this will take your mind off your poor balls!" with that said she pushed a hard cold heel against my ass hole. 

It hurt a bit, as it was dry and I reached up between my legs and tried to open my hole with my fingers to keep her from ripping my tender asshole. Only to get kicked again, this time I still had one hand covering my balls and was saved from worse pain. 

"Oh what's wrong pet? She asked. 

"My ass could use a little lubricating" I replied. 

"Okay, well..., lets see, Oh I know! I want you to finger your ass for me, I want you to put your fingers in your mouth, then I want you to play with your asshole, if you need more lube, you can get it from your own mouth! 

Oh, and don't let me catch you playing with that cock! It's mine and only I determine its fate got it?!!"

I heard her moving behind me as she spoke and the tell tale humming of a vibrator starting up, and then becoming muffled as she placed a small battery powered egg shaped toy in the moist folds of her crotch, and leaned back against the desk. 

"Hey I want to see those fingers digging up that ass!" Whack! another stripe from her whip crossed my ass cheeks, as she spoke.

Hesitantly I released my protective grip on my balls and tried to brush the loose dirt from my hand, then shoved my fingers in my mouth, coating them with my own saliva. I reached up between my thighs and probed at my asshole working one after another finger in until I had all four fingers moving in and out of my asshole. 

I could hear her behind me moaning softly, the vibrator moving between her thighs in her hand, as she watched me attempting to fist my own ass.

Her voice was filled with her sensual pleasure as she gave me directions, "That's it push your hand in my pet. Deeper that's it good boy! Pull them out yeah that's good, now shove em back in, yeah, feel good my pet? Looks like you're having fun!?!" 

"Yes ma-am... " I began.

When she said, "Now pull out your hand and put it in your mouth!" "Now!" 

I did, grimacing a bit as I wished I could have washed first. But she filled my thoughts as I felt her shove a boot heel up my ass and push in until her foot was pressed down on my tailbone. Her heel fully embedded in my butt. 

She worked it in and out a few times before pulling out and pushing the long pointed toe of her boot in my ass hole! It felt painfully delicious as it stretched my ass open farther than I could imagine, as her boot slipped in little by little. 

She was moaning her pleasure "oh yeah this is so fucking hot! Mmmm yes, my pet, feel my foot up your ass?! Oh yesss!" She moaned loudly as the first of several waves of orgasmic pleasure flowed through her body, as her vibrator took her over the edge.

She pulled her foot abruptly from my ass and spread her legs wide as she used both her hands and her little vibrator to satisfy the needs in her dripping wet pussy.

I turned my head to watch as she came, humping her hips up and down as her hands were buried in her crotch. Damn she was the hottest woman alive at that moment! Lost in her pleasure myself, I reached down and gave my cock and balls a well needed caress. Which was met with a swift kick! 

She had seen me and gathered herself enough to deliver the blow and change her emotional state from pleasure to anger. 

"I told You not to touch that! It's mine and mine alone! got it! " she kicked my ass this time and followed it with several more. 

She stood up and went over to her dildos she assembled her strap-on and told me to stand in front of the desk and bend over. 

I quickly did as I was told. She pushed my head down and roughly shoved a dildo about the size of my own cock deeply into my sore asshole. Thrusting her hips against me hard, she gave me a great ass fucking! 

She got more passionate the more I moaned in my own pleasure, as the dildo thrust up in me. After a few intrusions I was able to time my anal muscles to her thrusts allowing the dildo to slide in and them clamp them down to push it out, but I obviously enjoyed it too much! 

She pulled out suddenly and swapped the dildo for one nearly twice the length and diameter. She reached out and grabbed me by the hair pulling my face down to where she could shove the head of her dildo into my mouth. 

It was huge and filled my mouth, there was no way I could swallow this one! It would have dislocated my jaw! I tried to coat it with my saliva because I was sure of what was about to happen. 

She pulled me back in front of her and spread my ass with both her hands. I caught my breath as I felt hers against my asshole. Oh how I loved that! I leaned forward on my elbows on the desk as she softly licked around my sore asshole. It felt so warm wet and soothing as her tongue softy probed within my ass. 

She tongue fucked me deeply for a couple minutes then licked down my scrotum and down to my balls. She nibbled at my pouch for awhile before taking each of my very tender balls into her mouth and letting them plop out. 

She stood up and pressed the enormous dildo against the puckered entry of my ass. I tried to relax, at first it wasn't easy, and I thought my butt hole was going to split open! But she was gentle and fed it in me slowly, stopping several times to spit down onto her hand and rub it on the dildo. 

I was surprised to feel her hips pressing against my ass knowing that she was now over a foot up in side my gut! She placed one hand on my lower back and began to with draw her massive dildo slowly admiring the way it looked as it slid inch by inch from my ass, and back in, her other hand was holding the balls at the base while she fingered herself at the same time. 

She reached out and put her little vibrator into her pussy and held it there with the base of her dildo in hand. She proceeded to push back in me and gradually began fucking me, fully pounding her hips against my ass and pulling nearly out before ramming back in. 

My whole body was filled with the most intensely pleasurable pain! My cock had gone semi hard and was drooling down the front of the desk as she was over come with another orgasm, she wrapped her arms around my waist and laid over me, her hips against my ass and pressing hard so that she could feel her vibrator buzzing against the balls of her dildo and sending vibrations deep into my bowels. 

"Mmm you're a good pet, she whispered as she recovered her composure and stood up. "You took the whole thing babe, mmm, yeah, does it feel good?"

I could only nod and murmur "uh huh." 

She pulled out slowly, pleased with how deeply she had touched me. When it was all the way out I could feel my asshole was gaping open and as I flexed my anal muscles I could feel it slowly shrink back to nearly normal. 

I felt her wet fingers tenderly massaging my sore anus, her fingers worked in and around it and felt so good after being anally ravaged. She massaged my ass cheeks then gave me a firm slap. 

"Turn around and let me see your cock!" 

As I turned my cock was rising and I thought I was either going to piss or explode. It was so hot and filled with my cream, my balls ached for release and from her playful abuses.

"Oh my, you're not so hard now, are you?" she teased, "and look at all the juices! Here, let me give you a taste!" She said rubbing my cock all over her swollen nipples. 

Then giving me a quick suck taking my semi erect cock down to my balls. Oh, man! It felt so good! 

Just as she felt my pleasure rise, she with drew and stood pulling my face down to lick up my own juice from her nipples. She allowed me to suck her breasts and we both enjoyed the pleasure of her swollen nipples in my mouth for a few minutes, it seemed she experienced a subtle orgasm as I suckled at her nipples, moaning in pleasure and rubbing her hand over her crotch.

Suddenly the room was filled with a series of bright lightening flashes, and all Hell seemed to break out. The thunder exploded in deafening booms followed by the sound of heavy items crashing and thumping in what seemed like every room through out the house! 

Mary seemed to be pulled backwards and landed with a thud on the settee, at first she looked scared shitless, but I saw a smile developing on her face, as I realized I couldn't move!

I looked down to where Mary was smiling and saw a cloud of mist swirling up from the floor between my legs. 

I couldn't move! It wasn't fear, but something much more overpowering! I just couldn't move! I looked toward Mary, who was now sitting there her hands rubbing in her crotch and over her breasts, as she watched the cloud grow and swelled in front of me. 

I felt a cold dampness engulf my cock, looking down I could see the fog swallowing my cock, and see my cock! I could feel a suction rising, pulling on my meat then the unmistakable feeling of icy cold fingers working my cock flesh up and down, and caressing my balls. 

I could see my balls being pulled, my scrotum stretching. I could see my cock juice forming in the fog, and watched as the more I oozed the more the fog seemed to roil and boil, then slowly the image of a tongue formed sliding under my cock then disappeared as the fog thickened and blurred, my cock was deep within the mouth of a beautiful raven haired woman!

I could hear Mary moaning and wailing in the throes of intense orgasmic ecstasy! But I couldn't take my eyes off of the dark beauty sucking hungrily at my cock, she opened her eyes and they were blank, neither blue or brown or green, just blank! 

I felt my fear subsiding gradually as she skillfully sucked and chewed, bringing me ever closer to my eminent eruption! 

I could feel a voice in my mind, I didn't hear it, I felt it in my mind! Pleading with me, comforting me, begging me for my cum! 

She knew it was cumming and she stared me in the eyes as my cock thumped and throbbed, my balls were aching in her cold grip and tingling intensely, as I exploded in her mouth!

My cock pumping several hot thick spurts into her mouth. Instantly I felt her body temperature rising, my cock was like a thermometer, and I came again as her mouth became almost hot!

She sucked it all down but I had cumm so much that it had oozed out all over her lips and chin. I could see my thick pearly cream, and watched still frozen in place as she let my now limp cock slip from her lips, as she wiped the overflow off her face and licked it like a cat from her hands. 

Smiling a very wickedly sensual smile at me, as she slowly turned away from me and crawled sensually across the floor to where Mary, still wearing the dildo, was moaning in ecstasy. 

If this was Sarah, she was incredibly beautiful! Naked and so absolutely perfect! Heavy breasts that swayed as she crawled and the roundest ass globes imaginable! 

I was still paralyzed and could only watch as Sarah stalked Mary, creeping like a cat! Mary spread her legs wide and yanked her corset opened revealing her tits and grabbing her nipples, twisting and pulling at them.

She moaned, "Oh! Please! Eat me! take me too! Yess! take me!" 

"Sarah" climbed up slowly over Mary's pussy breathing heavily on her sensitive areas, up over each nipple, without touching her. She reached out and gently pulled Mary's face to hers and kissed her deeply, for several seconds, hungrily sucking at each others lips and tongues.

Then she kissed her way down over Mary's neck and across her breasts taking each nipple and wetly slurping at them. 

Her hands then slid down to Mary's thighs and Sarah moved down holding the dildo and stroking it with one hand as if it were real, she ate at Mary's cunt. 

I could only see the back of Sarah's head and her fantastically inviting ass but she must have been good, because Mary came over and over.

Grunting deeply "yes! Yes!" and moaning she said "I'm going to pee" and she hissed "Ahhhh! Yessss!" as Sarah drank down Mary's hot yellow nectar! 

I could hear it splashing and swirling in Sarah's mouth and the sound of her gulping it down. My cock was the only part of me that moved and it was rising as I watched these two physically beautiful, sexual women as they moved together and rolled to the floor in a loving embrace. 

They writhed and rolled about their hands exploring and testing for sensitivity, probing the others wet depths, lips and tongues kissing sucking licking at each other. 

Sarah eased Mary onto her back and straddled herself over the huge dildo at Mary's groin and plunged her self down, engulfing it to the balls! 

Mary reached down and placed her little vibrator in her wet pussy beneath the rubber balls, and the two of them fucked like wild things, screaming and grunting their pleasures, moving together and enjoying every sensation and thumping loudly against the floor. 

Sarah spoke aloud with a commanding tone, saying "give me your lust my little Bitch! that's it give it to me!" 

Then she slowed her pace and climbed off of Mary, "Come with me Bitch!"she said leading Mary on her hands and knees over to me.

I could see the hunger in their eyes as they crawled sexually across the floor their ass's high in the air, their hands like claws reaching out and clawing at me as they went up both sides of me. 

They tugged at me and my paralysis faded as they pulled me down to the floor onto my back. Mary knelt between my legs as Sarah sat on my head facing Mary.

I was pleased to find her pussy sweet and running with her juices, as I could feel Mary lifting my hips and pushing her dildo up my ass again! 

Sarah positioned her self so that my nose pressed up her puckered asshole while my tongue and lips worked licking and sucking at her as I gasped occasionally for a breath of air, but loving every second! 

The two of them fondled and played with my cock and balls gently and then roughly grabbing pulling and tugging until my cock was hard and building up to an almost painful orgasm.

Mary abruptly pulled the strap-on from me moved up and sat on my nearly bursting cock! I thought I'd cum right then as her warm wet folds enveloped my erection, but I held back, and tried to concentrate on the pussy that was nearly suffocating me. 

Mary said, "He..he's... going... to... cum!" her sentence broken in time to her pounding hips, and my upward thrusts. 

Sarah got off my face and crawled around behind Mary and up between my legs. I could feel her breath on my balls and then her tongue lifted and played with my balls. She licked up and at the base of my cock. I could feel I was covered in Mary's cunt juices and Sarah was licking it off my staff as Mary rose up then slid back down. 

Sarah worked her fingers up my ass and Mary's, in seconds she must have shoved her whole hand in Mary's, I could feel it through the wall of flesh separating Mary's asshole and pussy. 

Her other hand dug deep up in my bowels, I caught my breath as she made a fist deep up in my rectum and tried pulling it back out. 

The sensations were intense and I moaned loudly as I came pumping what ever cum I could possibly have had in me up into Mary's now throbbing and orgasming pussy! 

I felt Sarah lay on her back between my legs her hair covering my wet cock and balls as Mary raised up off my still throbbing meat and sat back on Sarah's face!

I leaned up resting on my elbows, watching as the cream dripped down from Mary's cunt and hung suspended over Sarah's mouth. Sarah reached up throwing her arms around Mary's waist she pulled the cum covered pussy lips down onto her mouth. Slurping and sucking hungrily to get every last bit. 

I had forgotten who or what we had just made love to, and at that time I really didn't care! 

I sat up and Mary bent down taking my wilting pecker into her mouth and sucked off what juices that still remained and coated my balls. Licking and slurping me clean. 

She sat back up and smiled wantonly as I got up and threw a log on the fire and brought our sleeping bags out opened them up and laid them on the floor. 

The three of us laid entwined in a warm embrace on one and used the other as a cover, falling asleep to the soft sounds of the rain against the windows.