 We went on to read how he brought her to the island and they were married when she was 13 and he was 24. From the entries in the diaries we read of the intense love they shared, but their love was doomed, as she died at 24, leaving him crushed by the loss. 

He locked himself in the house with her lifeless corpse for nearly a month, secretly burying her within a wall. He told no one of her death and in his grief, he had summoned the succubus! She came first in his dreams erotically beckoning him, pleading with him to rescue her. Each night the dreams were more erotic and more desperate giving him the instructions he needed to bring her back from the dead! 

He had written down nearly the same thing that I had learned from dear "Aunt Liz", regarding summoning a succubus! He went on to describe the ritual he preformed, "I have drawn the circle and the symbols down in the basement at her grave as she instructed me, last night I laid in its center, naked. I closed my eyes and saw her in my dream, when I awoke she was with me! Her body and mine locked in a lovers embrace that lasted hours! Our love, hunger and passion renewed!" 

But as we read further in his journals his joyful reunion with his "Sarah" was short lived. "She requires more of my seed than I can provide her, she ages rapidly without it and suffers terribly! I have allowed her to seduce several of the men, which had an immediate reversing effect on her ageing renewing her youthful appearance, but she takes their hearts, her lustful passion and beauty are irresistible!

This had led to moral issues and disobedience. Two men were shot this morning for plotting mutiny against me! I have written to the General at Fort Niagara, and volunteered to house rebel prisoners, perhaps having a captive supply will be enough to satisfy her hunger! Without the discipline problems among the men." 

He went on to write, "she is different now, she refuses to wear clothes at times and I find her wandering naked through the house and even out in the gardens, her once beautiful brown eyes are now with out color, like looking into the empty lifeless eyes of a long dead corpse, they stare back at me sometimes filling me with fright! 

Her smile has changed as well, her canines have lengthened and resemble animal fangs. Though I am fearful and repulsed at times, I cannot resist her beauty and passionate hunger! But alas, I cannot satisfy her! 

She lies naked for hours her incredible body writhing and convulsing, using candles and other phallic objects to sate her desires for sexual intercourse. While begging me for my seed, as I lay wilted and drained! 

She has taken to adding new herbs and spices to my food, spoiling me with meals fit for a king which she serves me, then returns to the kitchen to eat alone in the dark. Becoming violently angry if I dare intrude upon her as she eats!

She seems obsessed with the slop mugs (bed pans) and keeps them spotless, and appears anxious to perform this vile task, often waiting and watching as I relieve myself. 

There are times that she smells so foul, so horribly retched that I can not be with her. But I find her overpowering me, controlling me and taking me at will and using me! 

I find myself wondering if she in fact is Sarah, and not something else, something darker and much older than my beloved Sarah. She seems to have knowledge of things far beyond her own experience and lifetime!

Other times she is every bit the sweet Sarah I married. Though her techniques at times seem extreme I have never known her to be cruel to her donors. She takes great pleasure in teasing them with her beauty and sexual charms.

I fear she could be a pretender, perhaps even the female spirit that had long haunted the men on this island, and kept the Indians away."

I thought about all of this as i read, she wasn't his Sarah. But his great love and mental vision of her was so strong that the spirit was able to use his memories and grief to fool him, and became Sarah, his love for Sarah blinding him of the truth.

The journals went on to record the first arrival of prisoners, mostly young men who he would take Sarah down to the cells to use she as she needed.

He wrote of his own growing obsession with watching her use the prisoners and how they would take select young men to the basement of the house where they were kept isolated from the others tortured sexually and used until they were near dead or driven insane by the lust she instilled in every man she met, or the terror she could control in them by revealing her true appearance. 

She prepared potions that prolonged erections and fed it to myself and her choice of prisoners which allowed her hours of extended intercourse any time she wanted it. The potion had a serious side effect though, our erections would not diminish, even after several orgasms in one day. 

There are times that the moans of pleasure were drowned out with moans of agony. I found my self in need of milking and though she milked my cock often, I still found my self aching for constant relief! Knowing she was down in the basement satisfying her needs, devouring the seed of her youthful covey of hard cocks fed my own desires, making it extremely difficult for me to go out of the house for any length of time! Not only is my erection straining at the fabric of my britches but it oozes constantly, leaving wet stains. 

She has made me a harness to wear that for the most part conceals my constant erection, but if I don't masturbate often, my balls swell and become oversensitive, feeling as though they'd been kicked or crushed in a vice and my groin aches.

The moans of agony that come from the basement are from those poor naked bastards who cannot relieve their own seed, their hands bound in chains as their hard swollen cocks drip and ooze into small buckets hung by rope around their necks that she uses to catch their sap. 

She would tease and playfully torture these men making them beg her to be milked. She has had as many as four men down there and as she fed off of one, the others moaned and wailed for their turn, like maple sap in springtime she collects and devours her harvest.

She feeds them and tends to their needs, keeping her covey clean by means that are a mystery to me, and frankly I prefer not knowing everything! But there were none of the usual odors of human excrement, normally overpowering in a dungeon. 

Some how she was able to train these men and in a short time they would do anything she asked of them. She had me build them quarters once she was sure of her control over them. They willingly perform all the tasks of servants and show no interest in escaping.

We now have crops and gardens growing every flower and herb imaginable. These servants willingly serve her sexual needs each day at 6pm when as a group they report to the basement and make love to her, I have had a throne like chair placed down in the basement for myself to watch her as her slaves fuck her mouth, her ass and cunt simultaneously feeding her their pearlescent cream.

She would take them all as many as three times each leaving them wasted and drained, to return to their quarters when she is done with them. Then she comes to me, crawling like a cat stalking prey.

I have found her eyes hypnotic, though they are blank, without color or even pupils, they seem to burn into me, lighting a fire within my groin and building my passion and desire beyond comprehension! 

Seductively she crawls to me her movements are slow, sensual, her expression filled with wanton hunger as she approaches my raging cock. She has developed a new talent for taking me into her mouth. Her tongue slithers out several inches like a snake and wraps around my staff, then trails wetly down around my balls and then squirms deep up my ass, as she pulls my hips to the edge of the seat. 

I can say there's nothing to compare this to, her tongue seems to lengthen as it wetly slips up inside my bowels! She eats at my ass her tongue fucking me and wiggling deep in my bowels bringing my semen to near boiling as my cock oozes syrupy clear juices. Her eyes fixed on the tip of my cock until it is drooling precum when she withdraws her tongue from my ass and licks it up. She then stands and allows me to lick up any cum that her slaves have given her that has dribbled from her ass or cunt before taking me as she wishes in every one of her orifices." 

But even this did not satisfy her carnal appetite, she wanted more! After the war of 1812 , she wanted women as well as men and her needs again were met by her now aged and loving "husband". 

He would travel the area and search out only the most attractive young women, he would accuse them of treason. A make shift trial, in which he stood in judgment over, would convict them and they were sent to the island, he wrote of how..., "Sarah has a special interest in the women's menstruation cycles and she gave them a different potion than what the men were given. Soon they too became willing servants and the daily orgies were more reminiscent of Greek orgies with she and I immersed in a writhing sea of beautiful bodies moving together in the passionate throes of sexual pleasures. Our servants devoted to giving us their lustful passions." 

The handwriting changed and we could see that Sarah was now following her husbands habit of maintaining a journal. There were years of entries that followed, she described orgies of sexual passions, torture and how certain prisoners were trained to be willing servants whom Sarah used as her minions as her husband grew older, and eventually died. Replacing his life support with the emotions of her servants.

She would send her most trusted servants out to bring in fresh bodies for her pleasures. They would act as brokers and made loans of indenture, offering families money in exchange for the indentured services of their oldest children. Literally buying servants. Once they reached the age of 18, the loans became due and payable on demand. If payment was not made, the land would be forfeit, unless the oldest child was delivered to them for a term determined by the amount owed. Of course no one ever returned home from the island. 

They used this method for years to maintain her wealth and insatiable physical needs, by doing this she was able to prolong her life and beauty years after her husband died. She always had some one investing in her the passion and emotions she required to maintain her self in the realm of the living. 

I looked to Mary who had been as deeply engrossed in the journals as I was, "well do you still want to summon her?" I asked not really too sure how I felt about it myself. After all we were in a real dilemma as it was being trapped out here without even a radio to call for help. I recalled the realtor saying she would notify the police if I didn't have the keys back by Tuesday morning, I told Mary this as I got up and threw a log on the fire, noticing it was now evening and getting colder. 

Mary laid down on her side and though she was still under the cover I could tell she was busy rubbing her crotch. I too had been aroused by the journals and sported a semi hard cock as I crawled back under the cover with her. Mary laid there silently thinking as she fingered herself.

Both of us felt a sense of relief knowing that we were not without hope of rescue.

"I mean, could we control her? How would we cope with her insatiable desires? We can't kidnap people and force them to come out here!" I continued. 

Mary sat up and smiling she said "I've got it, lets buy this place!" 

"Buy it!? I exclaimed surprised by her sudden inspiration. "then what?" I asked. 

"Look there are tons of people who are into gothic sex, I mean like bondage and domination stuff, right? Well what if we opened a bed and breakfast of sorts? You know? We could advertise on the internet and offer weekend retreats, ghost hunts and extended stays! We could charge what we want and satisfy Sarah, or what ever her name really is." Mary said.

"Are you saying you want to enter into a pact with her?" I asked. 

"why not?" she replied, moving closer to me taking my cock and balls in both her hands and gently massaging me. "After all we have some thing her husband didn't have..." 

"what's that?" I asked 

"We have the power to send her back! She will have to serve us or else, right? So why couldn't we have her do what she does best?" 

"Yeah? And what if she wants to enslave you and I once we summon her into this world? What if she is stronger than you or I imagine? What if we can't send her away?" 

"Why don't we have a séance?" She said sitting up facing me. 

"ok lets try it" I replied sitting up facing her as well.

"Lets hold hands, close our eyes and try and picture her as she appeared to us last night" she began. 

We held hands and she called out "Sarah if you are here with us, give us a sign!" as if on cue the fire blazed bright as the log I'd just added seemed to burst into flames. "if you are with us now, let us know, appear to us, Sarah, let us see your beauty, make us feel your needs and desires!" Mary said as she shivered and clutched my hands tightly, digging her nails in to my flesh, as a wave of cold seemed to flow through her and into me causing me to shudder uncontrollably.

We opened our eyes at the same time, as a mist began to form as a small swirling cloud suspended between us at eye level, then rose up growing and becoming more dense as it hovered above us. I could just make out the face of the woman who had been with us the night before. 

"Are you Sarah?" I asked. Mary stared up at the apparition silently smiling her eyes wide with amazement, still painfully gripping my hands. A soft feminine moan filled the air almost sounding more like the wind than a voice, 

"Noooo....., I have many names...."the voice came from all around us and from nowhere in particular. 

"who are you?" Mary asked

"I have many names ....many faces ... I can be whom ever you wish me to be!..." 

"Where you with us last night?" Mary asked. 

"Yessss, Yesss!" came the reply

"Do you wish to be with us again?" I asked.

"no!.... I 'SHALL' be with you BOTH tonight!" Came the reply, emphasizing the word shall, the voice continued "your dreams call to me, even now I know your thoughts, it is you, who wish to be with me!" 

This truth caught me off guard, and Mary asked, " do you fear Banishment?" 

A deafening shriek filled the air "YESSS!!!" 

then returning to a soft pleading, "Do not speak the words! Please mistress do not speak the words!" 

Mary looked to me and smiled "then if you are summoned, you will do as we demand?" Mary asked. 

"Yes,.. just do not say the words! Call me forth mistress and I am yours to command!"

"Do you hunger for his cum?" Mary asked. 

I looked at her in shock "what are you doing?" I asked her trying to pull my hands free. She just grinned at me and held on tighter, her nails cutting in to my flesh and drawing blood! 

"Come forth and take his seed!" she said through clenched teeth, as she stood up and forced me on to my back. Mary sat heavily on my chest her knees on my elbows as she held my hands to the floor. 

The misty apparition began swirling taking form as it drifted down between Mary and I and settled in my lap. 

"No!" I exclaimed as cold damp hands began caressing my genitals, pulling at my flesh and stroking my cock, icy fingers found their way up my ass hole as I felt my man hood swallowed up in the mist like a mouth. 

"Don't fight it Dave, give her your cum! Feed her!" Mary said glaring in to my eyes.

I couldn't fight it nor Mary. Part of me wanted to fight, but there is a bigger stronger part of me that cant resist female domination over me, Mary's weight was sufficient to keep my arms pinned and the sight of her pussy glistening in the fire light, invitingly close to my lips motivated my lust drowning my fears as the Spirit's mouth and hands worked at my cock and balls.

Mary slid her pussy over my mouth and commanded "Eat me!" lowering her self down sealing my mouth and nose in her dripping wet cunt. 

I tried to lick and suck at her pussy but she was in control and she began mashing herself down with all her weight crushing my nose and mouth under her, she began grinding her hips forcefully against my mouth. I now was struggling for air, she was suffocating me!

The spirit was now teasing and playing with my cock, and becoming warmer as my juices flowed, as it had last night, the spirit was manifesting itself feeding on my pre cum! 

Mary eased up and allowed my a quick gasping breath of air then sat all her weight down on my face and her pussy exploded with a flood of her juices. I was now drowning as I felt my orgasm building, the fingers squeezed as they stroked in time with the mouth that hungrily sucked my cock head. 

Things began going black, flashes of light filled my head as my cock erupted hotly, then there was nothing. I'd passed out and I'm not sure for how long but it was long enough for me to end up down in the basement chained to a wall! 

As my vision cleared I saw Mary kneeling in a circle she had drawn with a pentagram in the center. She was going through with it! I tried to speak but I was gagged, I could just watch as she picked up my tape recorder and rewound the tape to her aunt's interview. 

I shook my head and moaned unable to even say the word no, I rattled the chains, but Mary was undeterred she listened to the tape then began the ritual, lighting the candles and setting them out. 

She laid in the circle and spread her arms and legs. "Come to me Spirit! Come forth and join us!" nothing happened, she repeated her words adding," I demand you come forth and serve me!" the air began moving whirling faster and harder as if we were in a wind tunnel, Mary started laughing maniacally as she laid on the floor.

"Yes come to us! Reveal your self!" she yelled over the rushing wind. 

I could hear a loud crash and thumping from upstairs, then another louder crash and the room became bathed in a blinding flash of light. 

I looked up at the stairs to see the outline of several men in uniforms. It was Ron and 3 other police officers. 

The swirling wind continued as Ron reached down and grabbed Mary, jerking her to her feet. The other officers struggled against the wind and released me. 

They pulled me with them and followed Ron and Mary up the stairs, through the foyer. The wind was now whipping through the whole house. Doors were slamming and glass was breaking everywhere.

I broke free and grabbed my camera equipment and ran out the front door and joined the others in the yard.I switched on the cameras and set them up on tri pods. focused on the house.

Two men ran up from the direction of the inlet with blankets for Mary and I, and a five gallon can of gas. 

Mary was in a hysterical rage and had to be restrained in handcuffs. The violent winds within the house continued, as we all stood in disbelief watching books and furniture flying out and crashing near us. 

Ron yelled "Burn it down boys!" two officers went together and poured gas on the porch and around the foundation of the house and when they returned to the group another officer fired a flare gun on to the front porch, igniting the fuel and we watched as a line of flames rushed around the house engulfing the entire structure.

In minutes the house was fully involved and burning hotly, illuminating the area in bright yellow orange light. As the house burned more intensely Mary's psychotic behavior seemed to calm and soon she was as I had known her to be before this evenings madness.

She relaxed and the two officers that had been holding her released and she came over to me and melted against my chest. I hesitantly wrapped my arms around her still a bit concerned over her changes in personality. "Are you alright?" I asked her softly.
