 The maiden Lena looked out the window as the fires in the hills burned brightly, there on wooden stakes were numerous bodies impaled grotesquely. They were the defeated final defense of the small kingdom that had been protected for seven hundred years by the Royal Legion until a new army came forward out of the dark mountains of Kalzard, an foul and dark mysterious evil that knew no mercy or kindness as they began to sweep throughout the land decimating towns and any people they came across. 

Many tales of whole families being executed in the most painful and bloody fashions were being spread as the unholy army marched forward, children hacked to pieces one by one before their mothers, women that were taken forcefully and raped repeatedly by the horde as it advanced and than killed after being used and abused, the whispers only mentioned this new evil foul power as being named The Burning Legion lead by a powerful armored warrior clad in black who wielded a large blade that was capable of slicing men in two. 

Now Lena looked in horror as men and women ran in the streets screaming as they hauled wagons of supplies to escape their doomed village before the inevitable end that awaited it. Thinking it better to flee as the other villagers were doing than await her own death by staying in the house she ran to the door, her hand grabbing firmly the handle ready to escape when the screams outside rang out. Opening the door she looked in stark terror as she fought to prevent her evenings meal from rushing up her throat as her eyes looked on the street at the countless bloody bodies pierced by numberless arrows. 

Slamming shut the door the scared woman sought to push one of the cabinets across the doorframe seeking to prevent any who would enter that way. Her breast heaved in her dress as she struggled to put the solid oak piece where she felt it would do her most good, her eyes going to the windows she rushed to lock them all and leapt back as a shadow rushed past. Soon a rumbling noise she could hear as screams ran out and countless forms in darkness ran past tearing down anyone that was standing. 

She heard in the next doors house and the family screaming franticly as their cries for mercy fell deaf to the ears of their attackers. So caught up in the sound she never noticed the forms behind her own windows as three men leapt through them crashing through glass and frame and landed on her floor where they twisted and rolled before coming to their feet. Lean let out a scream as she sought to flee and ran to the oak cabinet she had barred the door with, her hands only could touch its surface before several hands grabbed her, three by her hair yanking her head back, one grabbed her by the arm and another by the waist. 

Struggling she attempted to fight back before she was turned around to view her attackers, she let out a gasp as a scream began to boil up in her throat for they were not true men but demons clad in armor and clothing with blood shot and yellow eyes, their hands had claws and their teeth as they grinned showed they were to relish their kill. However before she could scream one struck her hard across the head sending her world dark she knew nothing more for several minutes. 

She came conscious awhile later as she felt the heat against her skin and knew she was being dragged through the town as parts of it burned in flames, all around her the demon horde were sacking homes and feasting on the flesh of those they claimed, many more of the demons were enjoying sport of the women young and old taking them as they wished, more than once she saw a woman being raped as a demon shoved his cock into her pussy while another held the woman's face and forced her to swallow his cock so that the woman would suffer twice the fate, even then the woman would be used and fucked by many more demons before her life ended. Such was the sight all over the town as Lena half fighting to stay awake despite the horrid scenes as she saw in houses women being gang banged by the demons as they were helpless to fight back. 

It was then she knew the three who had taken her had decided to make similar sport of her and were looking for a suitable place to rape her body. One of the demon men let out a hiss as he pointed to a house down the street and another nodded in agreement, Lena knowing what was to become of her shuddered against the thought of being taken by these beast and passed out even as the sounds of hoofs echoed around them.. 

She awoke later and saw above her a green sky, raising her hand to her forehead she looked around her and saw that she was in some sort of tent that had been pitched against a tree so that its branches had pieced one side of the tent in several spots. Beginning to sit up as she felt her strength returned she looked to the tents entrance ready to make a run for it when an obsidian clad dark knight strode into the tent, his piercing green eyes immediately turning to regard her. 

First fearful she crawled back on the bed against the tent's surface, her eyes wide looking at him fearful of another demon being. The obsidian clad knight placed a hand to his metal horned helmet removing it revealing the face of a man with black as night hair, his eyes so green and full of intelligence caught her for a moment in their stare and she found herself unable to turn away as the man walked to the bed and held up a hand stroking her face. 

His hand was so soft to the touch as she felt his warmth even as his fingers made their way down her throat to her breast awakening her from the trance and with a startled cry she yelled out no and sought to leap from the bed. Powerful hands grabbed at both of her wrist as she moved and slammed her back against his armor knocking the sense out of her. Twisted around she earned a slap across the face for her insolence. "You should consider yourself fortunate you are here and not a play thing for my soldiers dear lady, would you rather go out there to join them so that they may make you their next meal." 

A whimper from Lena's mouth told him the answer as he saw fear in her eyes, holding her tight to him he turned her face up to look at him as he gripped her jaw and kissed her deeply, she fought this and he kissed her harder squeezing her wrist painful eliciting an yelp of pain from her. Pulling his lips from her he ran his hands down her back grabbing her ass pulling her hard to him, she felt his cold cod piece hard against her between the legs and she stifled a cry. 

"Oh yes you will do nicely my dear." The obsidian knight spoke to her in a tone that she knew that did not bode well for her. "I have been slaughtering all your townspeople and protectors for the last few days and I've not enjoyed a good woman in some time, you'll do well yes to serve me or you shall die, got it." 

Her eyes began to water as his hand moved her hair over one of her shoulders and kissed the back of her neck, once and than again, his hot breath made her shiver at his touch as he delivered his lips to her skin, his hands roaming her clothed body feeling her, violating her freely as he desired. 

She tried to escape from his grip again but found herself held to him hard, his hands moved to both her arms and he began to drag her towards the end of the tent. "Insolent wench, I don't have times for your games." Pulling her to the tree that lay at the end of the tent he pushed her roughly against it knocking the breath out of her, grabbing both of her arms again he held them up and tied her wrist together with leather against each other around one of the branches that stuck through the tent. 

A smile lit on his face as he looked at her fear stricken face savoring her terror, he enjoyed it almost as much as he did as he looked at her body and her rising and falling breast as she sought to breath. His hands clasped her tits squeezing them, fondling them as his hands ran over her dress, his thumbs could feel her nipples harden under his attention and he smirked. 

Grabbing at her dress he ripped off the top portion leaving it hanging in tatters across her legs, his green eyes stared at her body and the bra that she wore and he leaned forward licking his tongue between her tits enjoying the taste of her skin right up to her ear where he spoke to her in a low whisper. "I'm going to fuck you all night until my thirst is quenched make sure you stay awake whore." 

Slowly his hands began to caress over her body as they were lowered over her pushing down her ripped dress so that they fell down to the floor in a heap. Over her thigh his fingers draped feeling her down to her legs. Attempting to keep her legs firmly shut against his touch she was on the receiving end of a slap that weakened her concentration and she felt his hands pulling her legs apart before grabbing her between the legs with his fingers rubbing her cunt followed by her pussy as his thumb brushed against her clit still. 

A low moan escaped her lips as her chest began to rise and fall faster at his touch. Wrapping his fingers around one side of her panties he ripped them free of her body and gazed down at her clit. "No!" She screamed and tried to place one leg over her exposed self, still weakened though he easily pushed apart her legs and dropped to one knee as he opened his mouth wide and bite her affectionately, his teeth against her sent shivers throughout her body but they were only second to the sensation of his tongue against her cunt, licking her repeatedly until he looked up at her. "If you dare try to move from this pose I'll kill you like I killed everyone else!"

The tone in his voice left nothing to question, Lena knew he spoke the truth and would surely kill her in a second if she tried to fight against this dark knight. Her legs shook as she felt him against her pussy once more and she felt his kisses as his fingers reached up to rub her clit over and over again. Her body ached whenever he touched her as her face turned red she knew as this man was violating her and nothing she could do would stop it, she could not fight back and screaming for help would achieve nothing at all for her except her death. 

"Ahhhhhhh" She felt his tongue sinking into her pussy wiggling into her moving inside of her as his warm tongue moved against her causing her to sway her hips slightly in response almost seeking to free herself of this fate but only causing his tongue to sink deeper into her causing her to moan out again and whimper. 

She felt the violation of her being and no matter how wrong she knew it to be she could not help but feel some sick form of enjoyment from this sexual perversion of her body. "Oh god." Crying out as she felt his tongue pressing against her inside of her body as his fingers stimulated her clit she knew her body was getting wetter by the second. 

Slowly he began to pull back from her, his tongue slipping out of her pussy as he began to stand, his hands gripping her around the thighs as he began to stand licking her body straight up from her pussy over her stomach to her tits and neck until he got to her lips and kisses her deeply pressing his cold metallic armor against her body as his tongue wrapped around her own. 

Pulling back his hands went to the bra covering her breast fondling her tits against the material until he griped the bra firmly in both hands and tore it in two revealing her breast for him, his hands gripping them he fondled her, his fingers sinking against her flesh as his palms rubbed repeatedly over her nipples as he rubbed her breast against each other. "N-no" she said in a low voice, as she knew this desecration of her was so wrong yet knowing her body was so wet to his touch. 

As his mouth wrapped around her nipple to suck upon her she let out a moan and his hand instantly began to squeeze her free tit while playing with her nipple with his fingers that yanked on her and pressed against her one way than the other. His tongue ran wild around her nipple than against it and flickered over the tip of it as he felt it both nipples harden to his touch. "You like that don't you?" 

Staring at her in the eyes he asked the question as his hand dropped down to her cunt again and he began to play with her pussy, his fingers caressing her cunt roughly. "oohhh" came her response as she lowered back her head and closed her eyes, her mouth hanging open even as he sunk a finger up into her making he body tense against the intrusion that was soon joined by another finger that entered her and began to move in and out of her pussy finger fucking her hard as he licked and bite at her breast. 

She wanted to cry out and curse this man for what he was doing to her, she did but no one had touched her as he now did, no one had ever began to force themselves on her like he now was doing and no matter how much she knew it wrong she knew too a part of her was loving it. "mmmmm" Her head rolled from side to side at the pleasure she was experiencing by his fingers and soon her body shook from climax. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" 

Gripping her jaw in his hand he rose his wet hand to his face showing her how wet she had been before licking each bit of wetness off his hand. 'You loved that didn't you bitch, you like being taken like this don't you, wait until I fuck you hard with my cock, I'll have you screaming." 

Undoing his armor he let the breast piece drop to the floor and quickly removed the tunic underneath exposing his chest and stomach to her. Her eyes went wide as she saw a symbol etched on his stomach that told of his true nature, he was not a mere man. She should have known this, to command such demons; no man ever could unless he was a demon lord himself. Before her stood one of the twelve devils. His smile at her told her he knew she had come to know the truth of his nature. "How does it feel, to be touched by a true devil, to know you are going to be fucked by a true devil like a dog." 

Grabbing her leather bindings he yanked her free from the branch that kept her arms held up and hauled her to the bed and threw her onto its surface so that she landed on her stomach. "N-no, you can't!" 

Laughing as he crawled up behind her pushing her body down onto his bed as he loosened another piece of his armor about his lower body she glanced back over her shoulder in time to see him remove his cod piece exposing the devils rock hard cock that he lowered to her pussy pressing against her teasingly. Again she cried out against this as he gripped her about the hips and yanked her up on all fours and slammed his cock into her pussy and began to ride her like a dog. 

Never had she felt such a thickness enter into her as her whole body was rocked back and forward as he thrusted within her body shaking her entirely causing her to scream out than whimper as she clutched the bed sheets partly in pain from the quick deep penetration of her pussy. Ramming her hard he shoved into her grinding against her body harder and harder with each push fucking her like an animal. "I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to take you every night!" 

Quivering under his assault she did the only thing she could, she relaxed herself as he fucked her so violently and let him ride her as he desired, her body giving in to the large cock that was digging so deep into her leaving her crying out in pleasure and pain as she lay her face down against the sheets and gripped them harder in her hands as her breast bounced back and forth in the air as the devil knight fucked her mercilessly. 

"Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" She slammed back against him as she felt her body on fire from his taking of her wanting more, wanting him to push so far and hard into her. Oh gods how she wanted this, how much she was enjoying this as he fucked her so wild as no man ever could. Again she pushed herself back on his cock wanting to feel him so much in her as she felt her body beginning to desire its release once more. "Oh yessssssss." She murmured and arched her back up for him as he redoubled his ramming into her, his cock penetrating her greater than before causing her to cry out as she orgasmed again moments before as he cumed into her pumping his seed within her body. 

Pulling his cock out of her he let her body drop to the bed as Lena sought to catch her breath feeling so pleasured and sore at the same time of his fucking her, her body wiggled on the smooth bed sheet as she turned onto her back, her hands moved to her body and down to her pussy feeling the heat down there along with the wetness. How wrong she knew all this was yet despite that she was enjoying it. 

Her eyes focused on his, his dark green eyes that stared back into her own soul like some sort of mirror until her eyes began to fall down over his body and she looked in amazement at his still thick large cock that had some cum from its tip. "Get on your elbows and knees." He said to her and attempting to catch her breath she was slow to act so he grabbed her forcefully and pulled her into sitting position before pulling her down on all fours as he moved forward and rose her face as she looked up, her mouth open. Open enough to accept his cock that began to sink in her mouth against her lips. 

Deep into the back of her mouth and half down her throat he pushed his cock and with perfectly timed rhythm began to press back and forth pumping his cock into and out of her mouth enjoying how he found her to begin to suckle on him, her tongue lightly beginning to lick against his shaft and head. "You like this don't you, well I'm going to just have to fuck you even more so suck me hard." 

She felt herself making an pleasured sound as she licked at him and began to take him more and more into her mouth, her hands moving to encircle his shaft and rub him even as she swallowed him as best she could, almost hungrily she took his cock in her mouth wanting to taste him more and more. What was happening to her, she didn't know, all she knew was she wanted to taste more and more of him even as she shut her eyes and tears ran down her face. "Suck it all down, suck it like your life depends on it because that's exactly how it is."

For many minutes she licked the devils cock and rubbed her tongue against him even as he almost choke her on several occasions by ramming his cock so far back in her mouth until he let out a pleasured sound of happiness. "That's it you goddamn bitch, I'm going to cum so you better swallow every drop or I swear I'll make you pay!" Shoving his cock deep into the back of her mouth she felt his cock shake and his load explode forth in her mouth down her throat, she licked at him hard to taste every drop of his cum wiping his cock clean as she grabbed at the base of his shaft and pumped him hard with both hands causing him to cum in her mouth again. As he pulled his mouth out of her lips a line of cum from her mouth to the tip of his cock hung between them by a thin cord. 

"Your not half bad you little cock sucker..but I'm still hard and I want my main meal again." Laughing as he spoke he saw the look on her face, her eyes gone wide again at the thought of him in her once more, her pussy was still sore from her earlier violation and she looked at him pleadingly. "I-I can't.." Grabbing her body ignoring Lena's words he laid her onto her back and stretched out her arms to the two bed post on the top of the bed where two leather straps lay and he once again bound her making sure her arms were tightly strapped down in an upwards angled position so she could not move away from him, likewise he made sure to spread her legs wide open exposing her pussy that was wet and trickled onto the sheets even as he shackled her legs tightly so she would be exposed to him as he took her as he desired. 

Fully tied down with no way to get free or move against him he began to move up and down her stomach with his tongue that encircled her belly button and moved down on her clit and around it before going over it and then down to her pussy where he licked her up and down than inside her deeply tasting her. "yesssss...ohhhhh gooooddddd yessss..." 
