 When I finally saw Ryan, he whispered in my ear, "They're the pick of the surrounding elite, my girl. I think you've waited long enough. The stupid kid's got to know how a woman can stretch to give birth. You can certainly handle him. Hell, his mother did just fine with me, and she was a lot smaller than you. Go ahead, pick a couple for your bed. Maybe even five or six. You'll need that many just to cool you off after so long."

He gave me a fake punch on the jaw and discreetly disappeared again. I continued my laughing and commanding the masturbation until I felt this tingling in my belly. I looked through the room to find Dominic staring at me. He'd changed into a black suit, and was looking at my selections. He met each man's eyes and they moved away from me. I was all alone in the corner of the room when he got to me.

"What was that about?" His voice was low and quiet. "Have you been a naughty little girl while I was away?"

"You won't fuck me. I need to get it somewhere."

"Dad did this for you, I take it. Did he tell you, they all pay me for their safety?"

Dominic raised to full height and roared, "The party's over! No body's mounting this one but me!" I had the distinct feeling he had wanted to say bitch, but he didn't want me to be startled.

Ryan came in and said, "You talk a good game, but we can see by her hunger that you've never done so."

As the people filed out, Dominic said, "Father, you don't want me to tell her where mom is."

"She's in the ground. She died after you were born. It had nothing to do with sex. It had to do with what we are. They all die, eventually. We are special."

"We are cursed!"

"Dom, just mount her and see if she likes it or not. Many women do. Hell, Karen loves it so much, she doesn't much hold a seal anymore. She was a good one for you to start, though..."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "She was your first?"

"Yes, but she was Dad's for sometime before me." He turned back to his father and continued, "I can't do it. I'll give her away to a human before I hurt her. I think you setting up my underlings was a nice touch..."

I just shook my head at this and walked away from their heated argument. Whatever hold Dominic had on me was over. I went to grab my car keys from the foyer when I was stopped by a pair of hands and the most delicious pressure on the back of my neck. I turned to see Dom sitting on the floor and holding his nose. Ryan led me up to the orgy room and unzipped my dress. He gently smiled, "I told him I'd kill him if he passed you over again." His hands caressed my back, but I didn't feel anything happen down below. He knew I was waiting for Dominic. He turned and left me. I scoffed at myself because I just knew Dominic would never touch me. When I turned to shut the door, he was standing just beyond. His gaze told me that I was desirable. For this moment, Dominic wanted me. He moved gracefully into the room and shut the door. He let out that odd sound again, and I felt a tenseness in my stomach. The way he watched my hands hold up the dress frightened me. I tried to move away from him but he grabbed my face and pulled me toward him. His nose was starting to bruise from his father's blow. His eyes flashed as he assessed the situation. He startled me with the force of his possession of my lips. His kisses were rough and his voice quietly soothed me. His grip grew firm. 

I let out a little whimper and his response was, "I'm sorry, baby girl. I'm oh so sorry."

He nibbled at my ear and down my neck as he slowly lay me down. He licked and sucked at my breasts as he pulled my dress completely off. He looked up at me and put a hand on my inner thigh. His strong fingers dug into the soft flesh as it moved my legs apart. He kissed the soft area below my breasts as he pressed his pinky through my entrance. I jumped at the penetration, but kept his gaze. I knew he could feel how wet I was already. I'd been waiting so long that my pussy responded by gently milking his pinky. He gently spread my pussy lips with his middle finger and thumb and toyed with my nipples as he traced a line down with his lips. He gave my clit a flick with his first finger as he drove his tongue into my navel. I squirmed as he continued down to finally encircle my little bud with his tongue. I closed my eyes as his hands roamed over my stomach and massaged my tits. He stuffed his tongue into my pussy and sucked my juices out. Then he stopped. I whimpered and cooed at him to continue, but I felt him move away.

"Please," I grunted, "I need some more. Oh, please!"

"Sshhh," he whispered as I felt something near my lips.

I reached out and felt him above me with one knee to the left side of my face. I reached up and stroked his long fat dick. He lowered himself and began to lick and suck at my pussy again. He stretched my pussy with his tongue and I fit the head of his monstrous cock into my mouth. I wanted to make him come into my mouth so that he would feel at ease about later. The penetration. I got a little bit more of him down into my mouth as he fucked me with his tongue. He started to tremble as I concentrated on the salty glans in my mouth. I started to come and opened my jaws to stop from biting him. His cock slid down further and rested at the back of my throat. My jaw started to tremble and he let out a grunt. I reached up and cupped his balls as he started to unload. His sperm slid down my throat forcefully, and his cock trembled. As I swallowed, he delivered more into my throat. He raised up and sank his teeth into my thigh. He didn't break the skin, but I felt his lips trembling as he bruised me. I moaned around his cock from the pain and he got up. As I lay there, he stood up and walked away from me. He paced before me. I saw fear in him. He looked out of the window through the curtain then looked back at me. He crouched down and touched my leg where he'd bitten me. I grabbed his hand and put it on my breast. He looked away as he teased my nipple into standing farther off of my breast. Without warning, he rolled me over to my stomach and kneeled over me. I gathered my arms under me to cradle my breasts. I could feel his cock rubbing against my crotch as he dragged me close and draped my legs around his waist. I put my knees to the ground and moved to a better entry position. He didn't speak, but I could feel his apprehension. I shook my ass at him and he gripped my waist with his arm and I was taken. I thought I was stretched to the limit. My pussy writhed as he slowly pushed in. He moved forward in intervals. When I was satisfied I couldn't take anymore of him, he pulled out to the very tip of his penis and pushed back in. I gasped as he pulled me closer and further onto his throbbing cock. I couldn't believe I was opening to Dominic and his big fat dick. He never went all the way in, but I felt that he could if he wanted to. He kept pushing deeper and deeper into my body. My wet lips flowed around him as we finally met at the pubes. He held me there for some time, gently rocking his hips, and held onto my thighs. Then he stroked slowly in and out of me. He whispered apologies as he fucked into me. My pussy responded by milking his firm cock as it drove into me. I don't know how many times I came. They seemed to never end. He changed speeds and the wave of built up release started to overflow. He held me up as I collapsed under the weight of another screaming come. We slowly settled down and he got out of me. He was still hard, but he pulled out to inspect the damage. He massaged my swelling pussy lips and gave them a soothing kiss. My senses were overloading as he made me come just by touching the opening. He scooped up some of my leaking juice and smeared it on his cock. He slipped a finger inside me and it was milked as before. He raised up and mounted me again. It was as if I'd never been fucked before. My pussy pulsed as he commenced to drilling me into the mattress floor. I passed out as he drove me to ecstasy again. When I came to, I was in Dominic's arms. I snuggled into his chest as I assessed my body. My fingers felt his warm skin. My arms were a bit tired, but not too bad. My breasts were still aroused from the love making and my thighs felt bruised from his grip as he rode me. I could remember patches of time where I heard myself screaming and moaning underneath him. Dominic moved his arms over my back and draped a leg over me. Every thing seemed to be working alright. Everything, except for my slit. It felt as though it had been reamed, but royally. I smiled to myself and smelled his massive chest. When I was convinced I was okay, I moved Dom's leg off and moved away. I felt a tugging in my body as if I'd yanked on a string in my navel.

"You shouldn't do that," Dominic's quiet whisper startled me. He'd been awake the whole time. He moved my leg open so that I could see that we were still attached by his cock. I pulled away again and felt the same tugging on my guts.

"We're attached for some time. I told you I wasn't like other men. My knob will go down after another hour maybe," his voice rumbled into my hair.

I must have shown my fear because he started to shower me with apologies and gently massage my breasts. I replied that it was okay, but I wasn't sure if I was okay. Then he started to move his hips and I started to move mine into his. I felt my pussy respond to his dick and I knew it was more than okay. It was heaven. He pulled his knot to my entrance and I felt the tug again and he plunged it deep into me.

A voice from by the window said, "You know, I thought you'd have told her before you did her."

We looked over to see Ryan scratching the back of his head. "You've been up here for two days. You need to eat. She isn't hurt is she?"

"Uh," Dominic blushed, "she's doing good."

"Fine, I arranged for some food to be brought up. I'm gonna have to remodel this place. You clawed down to the wood." Ryan kicked at a wad of fabric and cushion near Dominic's feet.

"I'm sorry, Dad. I didn't mean to..."

"Shit, kid, I know it's been awhile, but this is no excuse."

"Can we talk later? We're in the middle of something."

Ryan laughed and mussed Dom's hair as he nodded at me. He then walked out and shut the door. How long had he been there?

"About a couple minutes, I guess," Dom replied.

He'd seen us... "Yeah, he's seen you come before, remember? Getting shy?"

I guess I was getting shy, just a little. I'd never been schtooped continuously for two days, so I wasn't sure whether I should act differently or not. I finally settled into another round of all out fucking. He finally got soft enough for us to dislodge and it popped out of me like a cork. Curiosity drove me to inspect it. He seemed extra sensitive when I reached down for his deflating cock. I saw a ping pong ball sized knot just behind the head of him. It shrank as I felt the semen flowing out of me like a river. How many times had he come during those two days? What was he that he would lock me into place and fuck my brains out for days on end? He kissed me softly as I felt my pussy. I thought there would be a gaping hole where my tight little pussy should be, but I felt just as tight as before. He helped me with my sore hips to the shower and we let the water fall over our bodies until we heard a knock on the door.

Ryan yelled through the door, "I've brought the food. Take your time in coming down. I think you need to talk."

When I recovered my legs, I slipped from the shower and dove for the tray of fruit that had been left in the little alcove. Dominic followed me and watched as I sank my teeth into an apple. He sat quietly waiting until I finally finished a second one and a bunch of grapes.

"You've probably guessed what we are," he softly caressed.

"What are you?"

"I'm... a man from a very special family. We're special in that we have a connection to nature that other men could not understand. That's how I found you."

"Stop the drawn out explanation. I had you inside me for two days. What are you?"

He laughed slightly as he responded, "Wolves. We're werewolves."

I started to giggle nervously as he laughed loudly. "I'd have thought you guessed it by now. I mean I've got a penis sort of like a dog."

I smiled, "It's not exactly like a dog. You don't have that bone thing or a point to it..."

"A bit observant aren't we? Of course, I wouldn't have to say anything to you, if you were human..."

"What?"

"Your scent, Ellen. You're definitely one of us. That's why I had to approach you carefully."

He smiled at my shocked face. "I wasn't so sure you would be receptive. I knew you were in season, but you seemed so cool about it. I guessed you were matched. Then I saw him. I knew his stench meant he was human. There was no way you were satisfied. So....I tried not to get too excited and scare you away. How could you not know? You use your nose just like you know. At the banquet, you picked out all of the higher status males without difficulty."

I continued to nervously laugh as I said, "Yeah, I'm a were wolf, yeah."

"Part, at the least. I didn't change you in any way. You changed yourself."

"Uh, huh."

"Who do you think tore up the floor?"

I looked at the destroyed mattress floor and ran my hand over a series of four parallel grooves. The scratches matched perfectly to the width of my finger nails. I looked up at him and he spread his arms. I rushed in for protection from his soft words, but I knew he wasn't lying. I traced the marks I'd left on his chest and arms. The now familiar rumble of his mating call forced my worn out body to respond. He sat me gently onto his cock and I felt myself relax with him deep inside me.

"I haven't told Dad, yet. He's so old. He can't smell the difference anymore. Pity," he smirked into my hair as he rocked me in his lap.

"Dom...?" 

"Don't worry. I wasn't locked to you for the full two days. Maybe, twelve hours at the most. We should stop now, just in case. You just hug me so tight, El. I like it a lot." End Dominic five To be continued...