 For the past week, I'd been craving one of Dominic's long fuck sessions, but he'd grown angry that he'd neglected the store. He said he was besotted with me and that if he didn't watch himself, I'd be pregnant. I probably thought that was a stupid excuse because I was needing him something fierce. I figured, he had it coming when I forced the issue. He didn't even blink when I exposed my body to him at breakfast. I just ended up closing my robe in humiliation. A guy can't give a girl the best sex of her life and just cut her off. I flattened his tires. He just laughed at my feeble attempt to keep him home and commented about the other four cars he could drive off in. I took out my frustration by ripping at his shirt. I then drew blood when he pushed me away from him. When my nails caught his ear, he'd made the first yelp I'd ever heard and changed his eyes. They glowed gold as he held my wrists with one hand and snapped his teeth at me. He dragged me inside and gripped my robe to him.

"Don't start something you don't want to finish," worked its way through his clenched teeth.

I knew he'd impale me whether I'd changed my mind or not this time. I struck him in the neck with my foot and he gripped my ankle then dropped me unceremoniously to the floor. The shimmering gold made me crawl away as he pulled off his clothes. Then I felt it. I could take him. I arched my back and growled at him. He cocked his head to the side and smiled in a challenge.

I jumped at him and knocked him across the room. He lay there for a second then snatched up my wrists again. His growl only made me madder. I sank my teeth into his forearm as he dragged me up the stairs. He didn't make a sound as I tasted his blood in my mouth. He forced me into the hallway to the right of the stairs and down a half flight of stairs to a set of double doors. He shoved me down to the hardwood floor. I spun around and caught his knee with my foot. Ha! I'm some sort of fighting machine. I sat on his chest and let him struggle under me. A figure appeared in the doorway and I warned them away with the fiercest growl I could muster. The person left my view and I moved my face very close to Dominic's throat. I watched the beautiful pulse flowing to his brain. I felt something strike me in the head. I dropped down and Dom gripped my wrists. 

He rasped, "I'm so sorry. My sweet little girl. You want it like that? Really?"

I snapped at him as he ran a caressing hand over my neck with his free hand. Why was I so intent on killing him? I wasn't. I was driving him. This is what he needed. I could have easily crotched him, but I hadn't. He hadn't tried to hurt me. He could have. He held me there on the ground with my arms over my head and his hip resting on my inner thigh. He pleaded with me to calm down. I couldn't. I needed it too badly. I finally worked one leg free and I kneed him in the side. He snarled and I felt his dick at my entrance. I struggled feebly, but I found myself crying pitifully as Dom drove into me. The pleasure overrode my fears. He continued to hold my hands down as he ground as hard as he could into me. I wrapped my legs around his hips and allowed him full access to me. I couldn't believe the moans I was making under him. He made no sound. He looked directly at me as he slowed down his rough movements and let go of my wrists. The tears flowed down the sides of my face and into my ears.

He whined softly, "My precious little girl. Why did you do it? Why did you do it?"

His cock grew inside me and I knew he'd be inside me for a while to come. He gripped my shoulders and forced himself deeper into me as he locked us together. My body responded to him as if it was an extension of him instead of my own. He rubbed my nipple and his eyes shifted slowly back to blue. He tenderly kissed my forehead and hugged me in. He continued to whisper apologies as I adjusted to his mass inside me. I cried until it was over. He slid out of me and I felt mostly dry. I put my hand down and his cock was moist, but not sticky. He shifted and sighed, "It's the plug. I tried to stop you from doing it. It'll come out in a day or two. Why'd you attack me? Why'd you force me into this?" I curled up into a ball and started to cry again. I'd be pregnant for sure. He confirmed my suspicion when he gently picked me up and carried me up to my rooms. When my head hit the pillow, he apologized again.

"It's not so bad, right? The divorce is final and it'll be due in the spring."

"How do you know?" I hissed at him as he covered me with a blanket. 

"You know, too," he soothed and kissed me on the lips. "You'll be serviced again if you come around to season. I should have noticed your mood had changed. I'll try to be in more control, the next time." He left me there to sleep. When I woke up, I felt sore in my gut. I rolled out of the bed and went to take a shower. I sat there focused on my navel as I felt my pussy was still hungry. I actually craved the thing that had caused me to clench inside this way. I wanted to cry again, but I didn't know why. I put on my clothes and I slunk down to the dining room to find the room empty with Ryan and Dominic in quiet discussion. I stood there like an errant child as they paid no attention to me. When they finally looked my way, Dominic smiled.

"I won't do it like that again, my girl," Dominic softly soothed. "I'm not sure if you want to claim me anymore." Ryan moved over to me and felt my arm. "She didn't know what she was getting into," he sighed. "She's definitely a strong bitch. I saw her take you down without much effort. I do wish you had told me, Dom. I'd have told her about this and maybe it wouldn't have happened. It doesn't happen with a human. I didn't think I'd have to tell you."

Dominic took my hand and pulled me onto his lap. He took in a deep breath and licked that special spot below my ear. He held my earlobe with his teeth as Ryan spoke.

"I think Ellen was scared too much to do it that way again. I felt it. Dominic, it is your responsibility to your mate to help her understand herself. She can't learn from another female. There probably aren't many of pure stock left...." Ryan drifted off into thought.

Dominic let go of my ear and kissed my cheek. "How could she not know what she was? She's got to be of high birth. You said it yourself, 'pure stock.' It's true. But, you're black. How can you be of pure stock? I've never known of an African pack."

"That is because you don't listen when I speak to you," Ryan quipped. "In the South, there are a few. They are mostly diluted by other bloods. The vampires have a taste for our blood down there. The family may have a few wayward pups. She may have resulted from it."

"No, I know who my parents are, and I can assure you that they weren't werewolves or vampires!"

"They were," Ryan corrected me. "You wouldn't have gone into heat if they weren't. I wouldn't be able to feel some of your emotions, if you weren't a little more than an average human."

"Dad, she's obviously tired. I'm gonna put her back into bed..."

"No, Dominic. She may feel the need to strike out at you again. A male is supposed to be attentive at all times to mount. I'll get Karen to bring her up some food. Unless you want to be a father, you need to be far away from her."

They were talking over my head. I quietly allowed Ryan to lead me back up to bed. His hands were warm on my skin as he took off my pants. For the first time since I was tested, the older Severus provoked my sexual response. If he didn't have a problem with his smell, he would have caught the waft of my lubricated snatch. I couldn't understand why I was acting like an animal. I couldn't be a werewolf. I shoved Ryan away and prayed for restraint. I found my hands wandering over my body as he pulled the blanket over me. He showed his curiosity for a moment then moved Karen over to be nearer to me. I willed him to come closer. He leaned toward me. I pulled my finger out of my pussy and wiped it onto his lips. He immediately backed away. He didn't seem surprised. Ryan licked my juices off of his lips and shivered slightly. I could see he was interested in getting another taste, but he wouldn't.

"You can not ask me to disobey the alpha. You'll be untouched when he returns."

Ryan locked me away in my rooms. He probably figured out that I could force him into having sex with me. With the time I had alone with Veronica and Karen, I learned quite a bit. Veronica was once a microbiologist. Karen, with the big boobs, moved in to the mansion when she was 19. They were both very susceptible to suggestion and it took very little time to gain full control over them. After my heat had passed, I couldn't quite control them as well. I think that first time Dominic ate me out, he had command of my brain as I had over those women. I got Karen to use her monster sized vibrator in front of me. I thought of ordering one, but I knew it wouldn't fit the way that Dom fit. I'm still fascinated by the way that she can put things in her gaping hole. The week passed quickly. Karen even brought up a guy to do her on my floor. I've always been interested in watching. I even got an offer to be seduced, but I wasn't interested. Ryan came in to check on me in week two. He seemed extremely timid when he peaked in on me in the bath tub. I lathered my round breasts as he slowly moved in.

"Ellen, he's coming home tomorrow. I'll overlook what you've done with the girls, if you don't tell him what I was thinking."

"What you were thinking?" I played innocent as I raised a long leg and lifted a breast for inspection.

I enjoyed the glaze over his eyes as I stepped out of the tub. The suds flowed down my body, and I knew he knew where every little bubble ended up on the floor.

"I don't want to get you into trouble. I'm not of full blood. You don't want to have a baby with me."

"Who said anything about having a baby?" I ran the towel over myself then tossed it to him. "I just want a good hard fuck. You can't deny me that, Ryan. I can feel it."

"I know you've figured out how to work on my mind, but you aren't good enough to get me to stick my dick in you," he smiled.

"Would you let me suck it?"

"You really have changed, haven't you?"

"I must still be in heat," I sighed.

"No, you're a tease. You like to see my reaction to you, but you probably wouldn't go all the way."

"I'm a good fuck. I think you could tell just from watching me come. I'm tight, too. You want to feel me squeeze your..."

"Hell, little girl. I'm not half of what my son is. You'd be bored by me. Besides, I might get you after."

After? I accepted that Ryan had his self control, but I didn't dress. I walked down the main stairs dressed in only my favorite beaded necklace. My breasts bounced pleasantly as I jogged down to the dining room. Karen and Veronica served me quickly and offered themselves to Ryan. He stared appreciatively at me as his girls sucked and licked at him as he ate. He even bent Karen over and shoved her boobs into the peas as he scratched her ever present itch for cock. I put his fingers into my pussy and he finger fucked me for a short time as he humped Karen. Veronica helped herself to my waiting pussy and I let her get me off.

The next morning, I woke up early. I wanted to go for exercise and a shower before Dominic was expected back. This bitch didn't want to accidentally hurt him because of her built up energy. I figured, he'd need some rest before I raped him. I went to the stables and took a ride, but something big and powerful between my legs just amped me up more. I took the horse back and went to my room to masturbate. It cooled me off a little. Maybe a jog along the garden would make me less horny. End Dominic six To be continued...