 "Look you've got me all wrong, officer. He stole my wife. I'm just wanting to get her back."

"It's not really kidnapping, if she's free to go at any time," the policeman sighed as he shut his notebook.

Ron Franklin shook his head as he took one last pleading look at the overworked civil servant and left. He'd been trying for months to get his wife, Ellen, to agree to a meeting. He hadn't seen her since he woke up in her office with a knife in his hand. When he got back to the house, he'd found a police officer waiting for him with a restraining order. Ellen had referenced rapes in the petition. He would never hurt her. He couldn't think of a reason why he would hurt her. He didn't have to to get what he wanted. He sent her a letter asking to speak to her through her attorney, but she wouldn't do it.

After three months, Ron decided to go out to the address that was on the court documents. It took him hours of waiting to finally see her. Her body was the same as he remembered. The soft roundness of her hips and her long legs swayed briskly into a jog right toward him. He crouched in the bushes for her to pass by. She loped swiftly by and he called out her name. She turned to look at him and he shot the dart into her thigh. She yelped slightly until she passed out. He quickly pulled her into the cover of a massive pine tree. When she came to, he looked down at her. She visibly shook and pleaded, "Don't kill me, Ron!"

"I would never hurt you, El. You know that."

"You tried to kill me...."

"I don't remember that. Why would I..."

"You don't remember raping me? You don't remember forcing me to give you a blow job in your office in front of your friends?"

"Honey, I love you. I'd never do that," he tried to convince her. "Come home with me. You shouldn't be here. You're my wife!"

"I'm not yours anymore. You lost that when you loosened my teeth."

Ron filled a syringe and put it into her shoulder quickly.

"If you won't come willingly, I take you."

He tossed her over his shoulder and rubbed her soft skin as he carried her to his car. He had prepared the basement for her return. After being with that big man, he would have to re-educate her. He undressed her and strapped her down to a table. He watched her round breasts heave as she slept. He rubbed a nipple and watched it respond under his fingers. It would be a while until he made her back into the willing girl she'd been before. He gently placed the electrodes to different portions of her head. He then inserted the IV and started a bluish fluid to flow into her. Ron opened the table at her feet to make her legs spread open. He examined her pussy. It looked as though she hadn't been touched for a long time. He inserted a speculum and looked at her cervix. It was securely bound by a series of thin threads. He expertly snipped them and removed the device he'd inserted to prevent pregnancy. While he was down there, he tasted her sweet pussy. It'd been such a while that he became hard just by this. Ron rubbed the bulge in his pants and pulled out the metal thing inside her. Her opening had lubricated naturally from the procedure. He smelled her juices flowing. He looked up at her and, satisfied that she was asleep, penetrated her. She was just as tight as he remembered. She stirred under him as he shoved into her confined body. She let out a cry and looked him in the eye as he thrust into her. He felt her trying to resist his advances and gave her less forceful attention. He pulled out and let his cum spray over her. She whimpered pitifully. "Oh, honey, your pussy is the best. I knew there was a reason I wanted you back."

"Fuck you," was her feeble response.

"No. Thank you, baby. When the medicine gets done, you'll be fine."

He didn't clean her off. He wanted to see the dried semen on her brown skin. She writhed on the table and let out a growl. Yes, his little sex kitten would be hard to fix. He kissed her forehead and turned off the lights.

Ryan Severus paced the tiles in his foyer. He glanced out of the windows a few times, but he continued his general pacing. Dominic would be home soon. What would he do when he found out she was gone?

"Ellen," Dominic nearly bellowed as he opened the door. "Where is she? She's not here!"

Ryan let out a sigh and said, "She's gone. Some one's taken her. I heard her talking to someone. I went to check it out, but she was gone."

Dominic left the front door open and walked out down the path. He raised his nose, closed his eyes and pulled in a breath. He walked down the path and directly to the pine tree that Ron had used for cover. He picked up some dirt and let it float on the wind.

"She's probably back at his house by now. Why didn't you call me? The scent would be gone, if it had rained like the forecast said."

"Boy, you shouldn't have taken her like that. She didn't even know that her husband was used by you..."

"Don't get on your high horse about mind control, Pop. I didn't brain wash her. She came to me."

"You made a man rape his wife, so that she would leave him."

"You made a human so sexually charged that you had to make her as wide as the grand canyon. This is mercy that I dispensed. She wasn't satisfied with him. I fulfill her."

Ryan shrugged, "Karen was a mistake, but at least I don't have to stay stuck to her when I'm done. Is having one of us really all that great?"

"I'm not answering that. When you and Mom had me, was it really that bad?"

"Your mother was human, once. Ellen is a completely different animal, literally. It's like asking a dog whether a cat is good in bed."

"So, Mom was all worn out like Karen?"

"Nah, but she wasn't as willing as Karen is."

"I don't want that image. I'll show you. You'll see."

"Dom, even if I could smell her, I wouldn't be interested. I'm not the alpha, remember?"

"I'll give her to you. You'll see differently."

"What!?!"

"Just once. You'd better make it good, old man, because it'll take all of me not to interfere."

"Old man?" Ryan scoffed at his son's back, "You're over 80 years old. Who are you to talk?"

Dominic turned to his father and shrugged, then got into his new black Hummer.

The big vehicle settled down in the Franklin driveway. Dominic looked around the quiet afternoon neighborhood. He strode to the door and rung the bell. Ron opened the door casually. He looked up at Dominic and was caught immediately back into the spell that had been cast.

"Where is my queen?"

"I'm prepping her..."

"Wrong answer. Where is she?"

Ron focused on Dom's swirling blue eyes and sighed, "In the basement. I've taken out her implant."

"Implant?" Dom brushed past him and walked toward the entrance to Ron's workroom.

"Her birth control."

Dominic had wondered why she hadn't gotten pregnant by him after a solid sperm plug. The man had been drugging her and making sure she was fixed. Her breasts and abdomen were covered with dried sperm. He ran a hand over her and pulled out her IV. She opened her eyes. He rumbled softly into her ear. She gasped as he ran a hand down to her pussy. It was moist from another but unharmed. She jumped up when he unstrapped her. She immediately jumped on Ron and punched him. Dom pulled her off and watched Ron snap out of the trance. He looked at Dominic and pointed at him.

"It was you! You took her from me!"

"She needed me, Ron. You can't do what I can."

Dominic took off his coat and wrapped it around her naked body.

"You've ruined her! I didn't rape her!"

"Oh, but you did, Ron. I saw you do it. We're gonna go now."

"I wasn't done with her!"

"Ron, if you ever come after her again, I'll have to kill you. I'll have to rip that head right off of your scrawny little neck."

"Is that a threat?"

"Oh, yes, it is. Do you really want to be feasted on? I could easily have you feed her passion when the time comes. She hasn't eaten, but she will."

Ron looked at her and back up. "You're cannibals?"

Dominic led her up into the living room and she ran out of the open front door. Ron made a move to catch her, but Dominic stopped him. Dominic pulled Ron close and said, "You'll never do this again."

"I'll never do this again," Ron slowly said.

Dominic found Ellen behind his car waiting. He moved her to the side of the car and opened the door. She looked at him and he knew she would be hard to catch for a while. Her mind was a flurry of curiosity and fear. He'd grown used to just tweaking her mood to his advantage, but if she was in heat soon, she'd attack him again. He still felt the bruised rib she'd given him on her first heat. He worked to soothe her frightened body, by holding her close. The way she nestled into him prompted his arousal. His penis poked itself into her abdomen. He tried to move away, but she just looked up at him with a sweet innocent curiosity. She was beginning to react to the drugs Ron had given her. She would be pliant. Dom didn't want that. Her fire was the challenge and the desire that he had selected her for. Dominic could have any female he wanted. The girl wouldn't know it was his desire that drove it, but he'd get what he wanted anyway. Ellen was special. She hadn't responded to his initial attempt at controlling her. When he tried again, he got too close. The hair stood on the back of his neck and his penis pulsed with anticipation when he caught her scent. He'd never responded to a human before. It turned out that she wasn't. Usually he'd pick up a little black chick. He liked the contrast of his pale white dick inside a tight little brown body. If she wasn't too impressed with him, he'd grow. His nine incher would lengthen and fatten to twelve inches and a three inch diameter and he would watch them slowly realize that he had plenty more where that came from. He enjoyed playing with his prey like that. Giving them the best fuck of their lives, then eating them all up. The black ones were the most fun. They would choose their fate. The instant they saw the nine, they would laugh and joke with him about stereotypes. Perhaps, that's why he picked Ellen as his bitch. She'd been impressed, even a bit afraid, at the sight of his semi-hard erection. And her tight ass and long legs made him aroused at just the thought of putting his hands on them. The helplessness of her made him want to mount her right there in the drive. Thinking again, he put her in the car and headed toward home.

If she knew what he'd found out in Louisiana, she'd drop him for one of those powerful bucks. She was his queen. He'd never tell her what he'd found out.

The family he'd found was very much in the open. High members of society made no effort at concealing the obvious around there. The instant he arrived at their compound, he was greeted with charity. The alpha, Rodrigo, offered two of his followers immediately. The dark muscular wolf had explained, "The bloodline needs some help from the outside, and you are a strong looking dog. If you do well, I may let you meet my bitch. Then we'll talk about why you left your territory to visit mine, Alpha."

To be continued...