 This is number eight in the ongoing saga. Check out my listing and you'll understand anything you've missed. 

"The bloodline needs some help from the outside, and you are a strong looking dog. If you do well, I may let you meet my bitch. Then we'll talk about why you left your territory to visit mine, Alpha."

Dominic accepted the offer and spent the next two days planting his semen in the females offered to him. When it came time to meet the queen, he'd felt under-whelmed. The other bitches had been adequate, but they were young and could learn. The queen had no excuse. When he'd entered the room she took no interest in him at all. In a "do as you must" fashion, she spread her legs so that her skirts parted to expose her sex. Dominic, a bit offended, stood looking at her. Her brown eyes showed her boredom.

"How many times have you done this, my queen?" Dominic requested as he moved closer to her.

"Whelp, I've been a mother way before you were born. Why would I find any fascination in some pale pup from..."

Dom shoved his tongue into her hole and she gasped. She jumped away and said, "That isn't the protocol for mounting a queen."

Dominic responded, "Shut up. Enjoy it while you can. I'll be going back to my home, soon."

After she failed to respond to his attention, he finally forced her, with a few mental suggestions, to become aroused. Not too much. She couldn't think he was changing her in any way. She writhed under his tongue as he finally smelled the flow of her arousal. After what seemed an eternity he shoved into her and was rewarded with the most expert pussy he'd ever been in. He came quickly, pitifully. The queen expertly slipped him out before he got comfortable and he was ushered away to the king.

Rodrigo, greeted him with curiosity again, "The girls tell me much about you. You take your time in approaching and mounting a bitch. All here have learned from the age of twenty, if not sooner, how to receive a mate. You've come across one who isn't educated? Possibly a black one, like my pack?"

"Why do you say this...Rodrigo?" Dominic made sure it was okay to say his name.

"Because, you showed no curiosity. A white guy usually shows a little bit. You don't show any. It makes me wonder how many you've seen. You seem to be waiting to see something here. What do you seek?"

"There is a female. I've taken her for my own. She is black. She is somewhat uneducated, as you say. She's not stupid, mind you. I need to know where she came from."

"We've lost no women. However, there were a few of an outside pack that left here for better prey. Perhaps, my queen can help you. She's from that pack." Rodrigo gestured to his left.

With this, she let her presence be known and sat down next to Rodrigo. She appraised Dominic as if she hadn't fucked him a few minutes earlier.

"They've been gone for over thirty years. They moved north."

"Do you know where?"

She looked around the room in thought until she came to what she was thinking. "They came from the bayou, so they'd probably settle near a heavily forested wet area. Virginia, perhaps. Or, the islands along the coast of Carolina. You aren't from the coast, are you?"

"I'm a Midwestern boy."

"It would be too cold. She can't be one of my family."

"Funny... I keep seeing a glimpse of her here and there."

"Midwest, you say? I hear it's flat there, and dry."

Dominic finally felt what she didn't want him to. She was probing for information on him. He cut off her penetration of his mind forcefully and replied nonchalantly, "It can be very wet during the spring."

The queen wiped her brow. His little reprimand had been very effective. She recovered quickly, though.

"She may be one of us. Describe her."

"About 5 foot 6, with a thin frame, skin like chocolate, high cheek bones, almond eyes, like yours..."

"Do you have a picture?" Rodrigo asked.

"No, I didn't think of bringing one. I could draw you a picture."

Paper and a very sharp pencil were supplied. He quickly, but carefully drew as accurate a picture of Ellen as he could. He wasn't quite satisfied with the nose, but his studies at the University had been so long ago. The picture was snatched from his hand and given to Rodrigo. He squinted at the face a moment and passed it to Stella, the queen.

Dominic didn't trust her impassive response. He pulled out of her quickly that Ellen's face was of great interest. She looked like her sister.

"You are alone, are you not?" Stella didn't show her shock as she changed the subject.

"I have a small pack..."

The male finished for him, "of mostly, made wolves. You are the only borne. What color is her fur?"

"Rodrigo, I'm not sure."

"She doesn't hunt?"

"No, sir. I don't change to take my prey, either...."

"You need to learn more about yourself, before you can lead her to the right path, dog. You mustn't mount her until you're clear about your role. Will you be the dominant, or will she?"

"I've taken the role, but I'm not sure if it fits now."

The queen walked in front of her mate and raised her skirts. He opened his pants, exposed his thick cock and said, "I am the submissive with my mate. Though I am the alpha, I deny her nothing."

He rubbed the head of his dick against her and penetrated. She ground on his pole as he continued, "If you give her the control, she will be your strength."

She moaned and shook as he gently, unceasingly rode her. "I have been with many," she panted, "but I chose him because of his will to please me. You need more bitches. I can see, even after me, you're not satisfied. Take him out." Dom was waved away as if he were a subject.

Dominic was shown out to one of the outer rooms. He was given food and offered more women. He chose a red haired yellow skinned girl. She bowed before him. Her small breasts swayed slightly as he had her jog around the room. The legs weren't long enough, but he would make do. He sat idly stroking his dick as she got herself ready. She stroked at her nipples and stuck her fingers inside her snatch. He smelled her readiness, but he couldn't quite get into the mood. His cock wanted to be embedded in his Ellen. The tight warmth is what he needed to calm him down. When he entered, the bitch was warm, but she had no fire. She bored him as she rode his cock. The wide sloppy pussy marked her as a favorite ride. When it was over, she caressed him and asked if she could be his bitch. He sighed and said, "I've got a bitch. A superior bitch in every way." He'd meant to rush her out of the room, but she thought he meant to keep her. She even settled down next to him in bed. Dominic didn't care. He wasn't planning on sleeping anyway. He got out of bed and left her in his room to explore the surrounding countryside. Really, he needed fresh meat, and there was no time to practice transformation like the present. He felt the pain as his spine became more flexible and his vision changed. He watched his hands form into paws as the jet black fur covered his body. He shook off the stiffness that overtook him. He smelled another nearby.

'Don't worry, Alpha. I followed to protect you if you need it,' Rodrigo's voice blasted in his mind. 'Tell me more about this bitch of yours.'

A red wolf passed into the moonlight and shook off the dew. The gray and red frosted his massive paws and tail.

'I can tell you're attached to her. My queen is a good judge of men. She says you're gone with her. You seek to please every female you meet.'

'I've done it all my life,' Dominic easily answered. 'It makes them happy before they die. And...It's Dominic.'

Dom jogged off to lay in wait for his prey. He'd seen some choice deer and he'd kept mental note of where to begin the search.

'They passed this way, but I know where they stay,' Rodrigo pointed his nose in another direction. 'You avoid the question. The bitch?'

'She irritates me,' Dominic confessed. 'But, I can't eat her, and I can't stay away.'

A low confident laugh rolled around in Dominic's head. 'It's not irritation, man. She knows you'll do it for her. She can't let you go after you've tasted and smelled a superior bitch. She's born with that. Think about it. Where's she gonna find another dog with that knowledge? Only here. And she doesn't know how to find us, right?'

'Right.'

The small river deer browsed with their ears pricked up before the two wolves. The does eyed them cautiously as they continued their mental conversation.

'My Stella knows something. She won't tell you. Your drawing reminds me of a lower ranking bitch in my caves. She couldn't handle traveling with the other pack. You should talk to her. Her names Iva. You chat with her and get yourself straight. Maybe, take her back with you....'

'No chance of that. I'm the only born male, remember?'

Rodrigo let slip a mental picture of three large breasted women waiting on a Persian rug. Dom was beginning to think he'd never find a challenging mind.

'You think Stella's the only one? Ha! I pick from the herd every few months to keep my senses going. I've even covered some white bitches just to change things up.'

'So how many do you go through in a night?'

That low laugh rolled around again. 'Just a few lucky ones. The rest I do in the daytime.'

Dominic smiled inside as he realized that Rodrigo wasn't as big as he had thought. If he had it like him, it would only take one a night to totally fulfill the need.

They parted ways and circled the herd in opposite directions. The choice was simple. There was a young doe with a white ear. She seemed a bit lame when they'd first arrived. The target picked, they ran the group to set the trap. Expertly, Rodrigo rolled the deer toward Dom's waiting teeth. Her throat came away from her body so easily, he rolled end over end and could only watch as Rodrigo sat panting on her thrashing body. Dom chewed the bit of muscle and her windpipe as he jogged up.

Rodrigo postured as if he wasn't going to allow Dom to feed. Dom shook his fur and moved forward.

'You don't know anything about ranking, do you, dog?'

'I know I'm bigger than you, right now. And I'm pretty sure, if you wanted to kill me, you would have by now.'

The laugh returned and Dom settled into the kill.

'I'll give you Iva for a few hours. She'll talk better if she's been used.' Rodrigo sent as he pulled out the entrails.

'That's not necessary. I think I've done enough wild oat sowing. Besides, if she is related to Ellen, I don't want to mess things up.'

'You really are gone, aren't you, boy?'

'I guess I am.'

When they were full of the doe, they changed back to themselves and carried what was left back to the compound. Dominic looked over at Rodrigo's impressive muscled body and wondered why he didn't change into a larger wolf. He felt a bit self-conscious as they brought the deer into the kitchen. His blood covered naked body seemed ghostly in comparison to all the men there. Though Dominic was strong, he wasn't the biggest one in any room. However, he wasn't the smallest, either. When the carcass was stored, the three women Dominic had seen in his head moved toward Rodrigo. He held up a hand and motioned toward Dom. They immediately began licking at the blood on his chest. He blushed with arousal down his chest. The rush of the kill was making it hard to resist. They took their time cleaning his body. He ached with the need to release. Rodrigo smiled as he caressed the nearest ass.

"So, show me this care you take with a bitch," Rodrigo smiled. "I bet you don't last five minutes. I'll give you your choice for the night."

Dom gently pulled one from her job and kissed her lips and face gently. She recoiled in confusion. They all had. Dominic figured the guys here were all business. He smelled the girls hair and put a hand to her breast. She was good to smell, but not the best. He felt a tongue on him and he stood as still as possible as he massaged the other two girls' asses and breasts in turn. When he came it was just to lubricate what was to come. His dick swelled as he dropped down to lick a pussy. The girl collapsed before he could get fully into the swing of things. He let her rest as he guided a girl on top of his cock. She slid on easily. Heck, Rodrigo had tapped her regularly. He slid in and out of her until she started to come. He moved her off quickly. He didn't want to get attached to her. The flutter in his belly was focusing his mind, and he felt it coming. He had two more to enter. Would he make it? Number two got on her knees in front of the spent girl's crotch and licked at her until she started to cry out again. Dom penetrated her easily as well. He ground into her as forcefully as he could and she fell over onto the first girl. He could feel that he was going to start his knob soon. The third girl dragged him toward her snatch. He said, "I'm sorry. If you don't want me inside you for a long while you should just get up and go."

She laughed, "I've been with the master." She gestured toward Rodrigo. "I'm sure I'll be fine."

"No, you don't get it. I get a lot bigger than this. You're a small girl..."

"Just put the little thing in me. I'll take you off with no problem."

She'd reacted like one of his human victims. He wouldn't break her, but she'd soon find out how wrong she was. He didn't prepare her. He just penetrated and came. She laughed in his face. The snide comment died on her lips as his cock quickly doubled in girth and the knob formed. He sneered down at her as he watched her realize she was trapped. She squirmed under him and begged to be let go. Her own well trained pussy muscles made it impossible. He pulled her into his arms and picked her up. Rodrigo came over and tried to pull her off. After she cried out from the pain it was causing, he shoved her back into Dom's arms.

"What the fuck?"

"She should've listened," Dom smiled openly. "I warned her."

He carried her in full view through the halls to his room. She struck out at him and pleaded, but he only laughed. He didn't stroke in and out of her until he'd closed the door. She stopped her protests and ground back into him. He enjoyed the sweat rolling down her breasts as she fought the urge to scream.

"It's okay, Rachelle. Just think of this as a marathon. It will be over in maybe four hours or twelve. It really depends on you. If you let me do what needs to happen, then it won't take so long. If you try not to take pleasure in me, I might become less aroused, and then you'd surely be on me for sometime."

She let out a moan that increased in volume as he urged her to come. When she did, she was out like a light. He dropped down next to her and felt her pussy continued to milk him through her faint. He waited for her to drop to a full deep sleep. He'd slide out in the morning with no problem. She'd probably think he got out of her sooner. Though this was pleasurable, it was also embarrassing . He'd had so much control for the entire time he'd been here. What would he tell Ellen of this trip? Absolutely nothing. 

End To be continued...