 Dominic hadn't planned on locking up with some anonymous bitch. He'd only gotten her name, Rachelle, from her mind. He finally was able to slide out from between her legs when he went down. When he slipped out of the room to make a hasty get away, he was greeted by guards. They took him directly to Rodrigo.

"What did you do to my bitch, Dominic?"

"I swell like that. I tried to warn her."

"You came, what twice, in the kitchen?"

"Yeah, Rodrig..."

"What did you call me?"

"Yes, sir," Dom hissed through gritted teeth.

"And then how many times last night."

"Just once more...sir."

"What the hell are you?"

"I'm just a man, sir. My father is this way as well."

"So you can turn it off and on?"

"No, sir. I just get aroused in a different way. I can feel it coming. That's why I told her...."

"Shut up!" The bellow rolled through the room. "Bring `em in."

A small woman was dragged in followed by Rachelle. Rachelle looked up at Dominic with fear. Dominic's response was a quick nod of his head. He looked back at Rodrigo.

"How long was he inside you?" Rodrigo drove his hand toward her crotch and she jumped back.

"Please, I don't know. Maybe, overnight?"

Rodrigo had her lifted up, so that she could be inspected closer. His hand went to her slit and parted her lips. He shoved two fingers inside and turned his hand. She stiffened and whimpered softly. He growled for her silence. The leader sighed and turned toward Dom. With a nod, Dominic's pants were down around his ankles. Rodrigo smirked and said, "There's nothin' special about that."

Dom desperately scanned for the underlying reason for this change of courtesy. There was more to it than the penis thing. Though he'd tried to hide it while he was here, he knew it would happen eventually. It was as though Rodrigo had been waiting for him to do something.

"How many did you mate with?"

"I'm not sure. I lost count after five..."

Dominic was thrown to the floor and a pair of knees pressed down on his back.

Rodrigo pulled an advisor close and whispered in his ear, "Round them up and have them examined. If they catch, have it fixed."

"You are to be detained," Rodrigo finally addressed Dominic. "We don't want you to create a disease in the pack. You should have told us straight out what you were. We gave you the women to see if you'd do this. After all of those women, I thought you were clean."

"What?" Dominic's outburst was greeted by a pair of hands wrenching his arms backward and something fastening his wrists together.

He knew he could easily get out of the situation, but he still needed to know why Rodrigo was so afraid. He relaxed under the force of the black wolves over him.

"You are to be quarantined until we know the extent of the infestation."

"I'm not diseased, and you know it! I'm just a different..."Dominic tried to explain, but his mouth was quickly covered.

"We'll find out where you came from and recover the bitch," A tall dark man entered the room. "If she is ours, we will know."

The tall man glanced down at Dominic dismissively and continued, "If there are more, we will send for reinforcements. Of course, if they're as weak as this one, we'll have no problem."

"Good, Louis. I expect you to be careful with any bitches until we find out the extent of his reproduction."

Dominic could have said he hadn`t procreated, but they had him pretty much trussed up by then. He could only manage a rolling growl.

Rodrigo laughed, "What? You thought I'd just let you in and give you bitches for no reason?" 

He presented his penis and urinated in front of Dom's face, as he continued, "We had to be sure. You nearly got away with it, though. You see, we know about your kind. You're just dogs. The product of inferior breeding. We'll take care of that. We'll take any pure bitches you've acquired and have you cut." 

Dominic was raised, his pants pulled back up, and he looked eye to eye with Rodrigo. He pushed his way into the man's brain and opened a door. Dominic received the information he needed. Dominic was not inferior. On the contrary. In some freak circumstance, he was perfection. More wolf than man. The pack couldn't risk breeding with him. His seed would upset the balance of Stella's old blood control. With more strength and speed, the offspring would prove no match. His children would be born to rule. The others like him were sent away, males to San Domingue and females to Mexico, to control the spread of the wolf-children and protect the pack. 

With the information he needed, Rodrigo was no longer necessary. Dominic opened another center in Rodrigo's mind. The change was imperceptible at first. It would grow inside him until he was a shrieking idiot. The king cast his eyes down and ordered his prisoner taken to the caves for safe keeping until the expedition returned. Dom was happy he hadn't been specific in anything that he'd said about where he lived. It would buy him time to get back home and move everyone into hiding. As soon as he was far enough away from the elite, he'd slip the bonds and stroll right out. After the few days he'd spent, he judged the ones with mental capabilities were high ranking and would act accordingly.

When he was thrown into a room with the older bitch he'd seen earlier, he knew immediately who she was.

`Iva, I presume,' he bowed.

She seemed startled to be addressed in thought. "Ah, yes, that's me." She blinked her almond shaped stained glass eyes at him for a moment and said, "They haven't let me near someone with awareness in a long time. Why now?"

Dominic sighed, "They don't know much about me. The queen..."

"Stella's not much of a wit, but she is smart enough to send my family away without a matriarch."

The woman's soft voice flowed gently over his thoughts and made him trust her. Or was it her. He pulled up walls for the time being.

"I am Dominic. I have one of your family at home."

"Yes, a bitch. Rodrigo told me when he came down to ... Well, we have an arrangement."

She sat down on the edge of her soiled mattress and looked up at him. Dom sat down next to her.

"I know you are wary with good reason. We can both let our guard down, and I'll tell you what I know," she sighed. "It's not as though we have anything to lose."

Dominic looked into the swirling brown stained glass eyes and agreed. He put his hands to her ears and let all of his doors open. She shuddered at first then he started to feel her open up as well. She'd been down here for years, but with another mind, they could escape. When Iva got to Ellen's image, she smiled.

"No, I haven't seen her before. However, she's very beautiful. Very dark, too. I would've never guessed. She's definitely from the North cluster."

"You know my father? You have his child? I..."

"Settle down, boy. Yes, Ryan is the only male I ever accepted fully. Others have tried. He is truly an exceptional man. If you are half of what.... ha,ha,ha,ha," she laughed as she shook off his grasp and the hold on her mind. "You're more than a lover, aren't you? She had to have been some bitch to take that."

"Hey, I didn't go there with you. Why'd you go there?"

"The longest Ryan lasted was 24 hours. If I wasn't your brother's mother, I'd take you for a ride! She must be like dope for you!"

"My dad was ...! I can't erase it out of my head!"

Dominic rubbed his eyes and stood up. The idea of having a sibling didn't surprise him. With all the women Ryan's had over the years, he was waiting to hear of one. It was just odd to happen now.

"So, where is he?"

"Jason's sent to Haiti, like the other men. He'll find his way back. Ryan's a real humanizer, huh? That's where you came from. When my mate changed him, he didn`t know what Ryan would become. He was a way to transport the family from Africa. That`s all. A captain with a large ship. He proved his worth. None died on the voyage, and he was allowed to take part of the treasury to settle elsewhere. He didn't leave. By then, he'd set his mind on me. I was a hard sell." She wrung her hands as she continued, "That's when I started to change. My mind became stronger, and I bent my family to my will. My mate was too weak. I chose your father to lead. It was a mistake. The family policy has always been for the pure to be diluted. Because he was a made wolf, a lot of them accepted him. That is, until he showed them that he could use his mind to move things. They immediately separated us. They did something to his brain. He wasn't the same. He seemed better in your mind. I'm glad. He doesn't know about Jason. They shipped him off to the English when he was well enough to travel. If I'd told them about your father's special gift, I think he'd have been killed."

They knew who Dominic was from the beginning. The instant he set foot in the territory they made sure it was the same man or a relative. He sat down next to her and put an arm around her.

"You've been down here since then. Why haven't you left?"

"I had no reason to go, Dominic. I thought Ryan would be dead by now. The made ones don't live as long.... When we leave, I'll go get Jason. We'll meet you at your house."

"They're looking for my place..."

"They won't find it. You were very good. They've no clue where to begin the search. We'll be there within the month. Please, don't tell Ryan I'm coming. He mustn't think you know."

A knock came to the door and Rodrigo rushed in. He'd obviously had a bad few hours. Dom hadn't thought that the Lead Wolf would crack so soon.

"You! Alpha! I sentence you to death!"

The guard intervened, "My lord, we don't have any reason..."

"He is a threat to the family! He has to die now, before it's too late!"

"Rodrigo," Dom tried not to smile, "what are you afraid of?"

"Kill him!"

"My lord, we can not kill him. It's against the law to kill another..."

Rodrigo turned on the guard. "He's not one of us! He's a fucking dog! He invades my house and threatens my..."

Dominic raised a hand and Rodrigo flinched back. "This is enough, isn't it Rodrigo?"

"Yes, you need to die," Rodrigo hissed.

"Then all I have to say is Boo!" Dom's words were a wisp as they hit Rodrigo's ears.

The massive black man looked at Dominic for a second and fainted dead away. Dominic set his jaw and made the guards sleep as well. Iva reached for him, but he turned on her and showed his disapproval. He couldn't allow her near. It would take every ounce of his concentration to set them both free.

"We go now," was all he said to her.

She followed him down the corridor and back up to the ground level. When he looked back to make sure she was still there, he saw the glow of her eyes in the dark. He nodded and continued out. When they passed the outer gate without a second look from the gatekeepers, Dominic released his mental hold. She draped her arm around his and they strolled in silence for a short time. She stopped and looked up at him. She didn't seem as old in the moonlight. Really, her gently rounded body made him think twice about that being a gentleman thing his father always spoke about.

"Thank you, Dominic. I'll see you." She called as she walked away. She paused turned slightly to accent her ass and said, "On second thought, I'll give you this for your dad."

She walked up to him and drew him down to eye level. She pressed her lips on his and he felt a jolt of electricity knock him back. He shivered for a moment before he felt the semen flow out of him and soil his pants.

"When she can do that, you'll be her bitch. Won't you, sugar?"

"Well, yeah!"

"Maybe, you'll be mine, too."

End...To be continued