 Author's Note: 

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 97: Succubus

"We are going to have to postpone this appointment," Iiv'lua said with a tight tone and ashen, blood-drained face. She fiddled with a few of the devices she had on her desk. Wards popped up around them and seemed to press against their flesh like too-tight clothing.

"W-what's going on. What's happening. H-he-he's not back, is he? Lolth, he's gotten permission to kill me and he's coming back-" Hael'yss said in a panicked voice before she was cut off by the Matron.

"By the Abyss, shut to fuck up, child!" Iiv'lua snapped. This 'counseling' session had been a disaster from the start; Hael'yss was a nervous wreck and her words only seemed to make it worse. And now... now whoever this was, was asking about that slave who had poisoned the mind of her daughter. He was obviously a trap sent to her by the slavers - and a good one, too. No one could have predicted his rampage through her wonderful school once those slaver scum called him back to them. And now he brought even more trouble. If she could get out of this alive, Frehelvi was going to pay!

If she could get out of this alive.

The long-haired drow raised herself to her shaking feet while Hael'yss cowered under her desk. There was no escape. The emergency teleport system had been expertly demolished by that slave (and would take another week to fix), otherwise, she would have ported away. There was nothing to do but prepared her strongest spell and throw it at the first person who came through her door.

When Abanonda burst through the door, she was met with an extraordinarily potent burst of electricity. The giant, naked dark elf nimbly dodged every pulse of power, seeming to move with the grace of a dancer. Even as the spell doubled back in on itself to attempt to hit her again and again she weaved in and out of the storm.

Abanonda came to a stop in front of Iiv'lua's desk, grinning down at the Matron of Dinoryn. "Empowered Chain Lightning, looping on itself to target me eight times instead of leaping to others? Now, that is more like it! That is the sort of workout I was looking for. Maybe you are not all incompetent at magic. Dinoryn finally lives up to its reputation, Matron!" 

The intruder's hands darted out to knock another spell out of Iiv'lua's fingers. "Hey now! Don't embarrass yourself. Try that again and I break your fingers. And do not even bother to try to stab me with that knife." Abanonda grabbed the concealed dagger right from its hiding place and stabbed herself in her breast with it.

The knife broke. It only served to make her impressive chest jiggle a lot. Abanonda looked impossibly smug.

"See? No good. Now, let us have a nice chat, Matron. I am Abanonda Blackdawn. You recently lost control of a 'relative' of mine."

In a fit of pettiness, Iiv'lua cast another spell. Not upon the intruder, but upon herself. As Abononda recognized the spell, she did nothing, only shaking her head. In the next moment, she grew in height until it was Iiv'lua looking down at that 'Abanonda' and not the other way around. She did not try to cast any offensive spells. It seemed better to talk than to fight. Safer. Maybe.

"Lost control," Iiv'lua said with a derisive snort as if that was not what happened at all. "Your relative is a plant working for Frehelvi. Clearly they hid themselves among my students and helped him escape." A thought suddenly occurred to her. "Unless he was your plant, Blackdawn, and you are looking to usurp Dinoryn with Frehelvi as your lackeys."

Iiv'lua's words took Abanonda by surprise. "Surely someone capable of your level of magic cannot be as stupid as you are pretending to be," the now-comparatively-not-giant dark elf said in disbelief. "I beat up Frehelvi before coming here. I suppose they hid that fact. But with how easily I tore through your soldiers and mages, do you think my House would need anyone's help in usurping your academy? I am not the greatest warrior my House has to offer. And why would a legendary entity such as Goelon Duvainor the Ghost King of the Library of Eternity be engaging in any such behaviors? Or do you truly know nothing of anything you have stuck your daft nose into?"

Iiv'lua rolled her eyes. "Stupid? You are the fool. If you know how things actually worked here, you would know that you need the support of a modern, respected house to earn your legitimacy back. That is if you want to actually have an Underdark left to control, instead of a pile of ash."

The Matron clenched her fists to conceal a shudder. A pile of ash. That was what she could be if she didn't watch herself. But she also couldn't let the other woman know how utterly terrified she was.

"But control of the Underdark is not your goal here, is it?" Iiv'lua observed almost hopefully.

"Blackdawn was honored and established two thousand years before Dinoryn existed," Abanonda sniffed. "We do not need anything from the weak, stupid followers of Aralolth. We have no intention of ruling your sad little corner of the Underdark." 

The Matron of Dinoryn made a show of rolling her eyes. Abanonda's words sounded very much like sour fungal-grapes, and it helped Iiv'lua's sanity to operate under that delusion. 

Abanonda ignored that expression. She looked up at the Enlarged drow with silver eyes burning with several repressed emotions. "I want information on what happened to Caleldir Blackdawn. Where. Is. He."

"Caleldir? I would like to know that myself. He took my daughter with him, and I would like to see her return to be properly punished."

"I had heard that she ran away with him," Abanonda replied, searching the imperious drow's expression. "Also, I can smell your fear. Stop pretending to be in control. We both know you are not, and your bluster begins to annoy me. We both know that you have no chance whatsoever of dealing with the Ghost-King. You are very powerful by the standards of most of the world. But you are now involved in the affairs of Gods and Titans. You are out of your league."

Iiv'lua swallowed but refused to give up the act. Centuries of conditioning was difficult to shake.

Abanonda sighed, shaking her head. "But I can see that you speak true when you say that you are completely ignorant. So, I will ask you this instead: Caleldir Blackdawn was given to the Frehelvi by an enigmatic female mercenary with the name of Vlondae. Her most notable trait was her eternal, smug smile and never opening her eyes. Do you know where I can find this woman?"

"Smug smile and never opening eyes..." Iiv'lua mused. "I do not know a female with those traits." She considered things a few moments more. The default of the Underdark was to give as little information as possible. Information was power. But this information wasn't that helpful, and giving it away might get this terrifying House off her back. "I know of a Varas of the same description, except he is male. You do not find Varas. He finds you."

"Varas?" Abanonda considered. "Well, 'same description except male' means little when dealing with a being powerful enough to put seals on the Ghost-King. Where might one go to have him 'find you'? If he/she is a mercenary, surely they have clients."

"I do not know how he is usually contracted. I have met with him in connection to Frehelvi dealings. I am afraid you have met a dead-end here, child." Iiv'lua smirked. "You can always just post a 'help wanted' poster at various well-trafficked buildings in the city."

Abanonda narrowed her eyes. "Do not play games with me, Dinoryn," she said in a low, dangerous voice. "You are holding back what you know. Tell me. Now. Or I will drag it from you."

Iiv'lua swallowed again. She had no doubt that Abanonda could drag information out very effectively. "I-I- also know that he has been working a lot for Duskhaven recently."

"The ruling House that recently suffered some sort of strange civil war?" Abanonda confirmed. "Ah, that is useful information. I suppose that is all that you know in truth, you useless dolt of a Matron. A waste of perfectly good spell-slots you turned out to be. Have fun driving your academy into the ground!" For the first time, she turned her eyes towards Hael'yss, still shivering behind the desk. "So... who is the traumatized one there?"

The Matron fought an inner battle of pride and fear for a moment before calming herself. She assumed a posture of (shaking) calmness. Just a little bit longer, it seemed, and the insolent brat would be gone.

"That is one of my students that your kinsman traumatized."

When she was introduced, the terrified drow scrambled out from her hiding place. "Please, I am an important daughter of my House. You can't let Him get to me!"

Abanonda almost laughed. "Oh, I see. Old Goelon put quite a nasty cocktail of curses on you, I see. I could remove them from you by laying hands on you, but you seem to deserve them, so I will not. At least he seems to have spared your unborn."

She looked back up at Iiv'lua. "She well deserves the trauma. Look, I am the result of centuries of genetic conditioning and interbreeding between drow, nymphs, and succubi, so I have a much greater tolerance for sexual misconduct than most Paladins, but you are not going to make me feel sorry for an Evil gang-rapist. So, before I head out, do you have any compelling reasons that I should not Smite you just out of boredom? Your House would be better off if I did."

"Sm-s-s-smite me? Oh no," Iiv'lua responded in a panicked, conciliatory tone. "No no no. I won't cause your family any more trouble. My house needs me e-especially with my only daughter gone without a trace."

Despite her alignment, Abanonda had a bit of sadism in her. Mostly when it came to individuals giving off as unrepentantly Evil of an aura as these two. She smiled. "Finally breaking down, eh? I see that in the war between your pride and cowardice: your fear is finally taking the upper hand. A pity one with such beautiful mastery of magic should be so craven." The naked woman took a deep breath, then hardened her face. "I want you on your knees. I want you to apologize for everything you did to Caleldir Blackdawn. And it had better be a sincere apology. I know when people lie to me. Now. Beg forgiveness. Or do not. I would love an excuse to kill you: you sad pile of pride and incompetence. But I live by a code, so if you really, truly beg me, I will spare you."

Iiv'lua's entire body trembled while her mind warred between outrage and fear. What Abanonda asked of her was impossible. She had never apologized like that in her life. And be truthful about it on top of it all? Iiv'lua firmly believed that she had done the right thing. It had just been to the wrong person.

But it was do or die.

Hesitantly, she lowered herself to her knees. She was still quite tall, though, as her enlarge person spell was still active. That gave her some small comfort. Her face was still dark with humiliation. She began to speak in a voice that she tried to make sound serene, but could not keep the terror out of her tone. "I apologize for what I have done. I should have not have treated your kinsman as I did. Please, do not kill me."

The display of false penitence and genuine regret drew out an eye-roll from Abanonda. "Well, I suppose that you do regret the results of your actions. That will have to be enough for now. But know this, Matron of Dinoryn. You were a very big fish in your lake, but there is an ocean out there with sharks you can barely imagine. Do not meddle with House Blackdawn ever again. We did not die in the destruction of Deusterra and are now more powerful than ever before. Do not bother to plan revenge; you will only bring destruction back on yourself."

With that, she turned to go but paused in the doorway. "Oh, I am going to be taking some of your clothes, too. I need a robe to wear while running around the Underdark. I will be sure to pick something nice and valuable. Take care of yourself, 'traumatized student'. If the Ghost King did not value his offspring, he would have killed you. So you better value his offspring too."

And, with that, the tall dark elf was gone.

Iiv'lua literally and figuratively shrank when the door was safely shut. Then she turned a hateful eye towards Hael'yss. "There's nothing I can do for you. Get out of my sight. Go back to your family if they can stomach your pathetic presence."

"What?" the distraught student asked as if the words were a blow to the stomach that took her breath away.

"You heard me!" Iiv'lua snarled. She stood and jabbed a finger at the door. "I can't stand your sniveling. Go!"

"M-my family will hear of this!" Hael'yss said in confused outrage. She scrambled out of the door.

Iiv'lua stood silently until she could no longer hear the running footsteps of her former student. Then, finally, hot tears of rage began to pour down her cheeks. Casting the Maevalzynge out did make her feel better, but the petty cruelty could only comfort her so much. 

"I need to be more powerful," she told herself through her tears. 

--

It had been an enormously satisfying night for all three of them, Caleldir felt as he slowly regained consciousness the next morning. He could really only speak for himself, but the other two seemed fairly happy, all considered. But now it was time to rise. Pulling away from the other two, Caleldir rose to his feet and dressed in his habitual flash. "Risa, how goes the search for Ashyr? Made any progress?"

-No. Nothing,- R.I.S.A.'s mental voice came in glumly. Then, some excitement. -But I am more convinced than ever than she is in one of the Infernal Nether Realms. And I can call on the succubi to help us search for them. All I would need is an incentive for them to do so...-

"Not happening," Caleldir said sharply. "I am not sleeping with a succubus. And even if you can find someone else to volunteer, these things never end well. I strongly suggest that we not do that."

R.I.S.A. sniffed. -There is a lot of precedent for using succubi for missions down here. I will ask the drow what they think.-

"Great," Caleldir groaned. He shook his head. "Selene, Sidhriia? Are you two awake yet? Oh, looks like you are, Sidhriia."

Sidhriia was already sitting up on the mattress, looking sleepy but otherwise content. -I am awake,- she signed happily. At least that was what she figured the question was. The mental connection she and Caleldir were given had drifted apart around the time they finally settled down to sleep the night before. 

Selene, in the meantime, was slowly coming to consciousness. She had been awake only in the strictest sense of the word; her eyes had been open and she was vaguely aware of the world. It took more time than ever those days for her to wake up. Apparently, carrying an infant growing almost three times the rate that her body was built for was an exhausting endeavor. But awake she must be, so she laboriously propped herself up on some pillows. At least she wasn't acting like a woman who was late into her term all the time. Then she would have had cause for real worry.

-Succubi? Those are like the incubi, right, the unpredictable vengeance demons?- Riia asked as a slight blush rose to her otherwise pale face. -If the succubi are anything like the males, I think they will probably want to help us?- The young drow didn't seem sure of what she was communicating. She knew well that her education was limited even for one of her age.

"Yes, succubi are the female equivalent of incubi. Except somewhere between fifty and one hundred times more numerous," Caleldir signed and said. 

-Female equivalent, sometimes hermaphrodite equivalent,- R.I.S.A. said cheerfully. -A lot of fun, and not... quite as evil as some people think.-

"'Not as evil' still equals pretty sadistic, cruel, scheming, untrustworthy, deceptive, and all-around troublesome," Caleldir responded. "You only think they are fun because you are mostly immune to them. Mostly. How much sex did you have to have with succubi for them to partly succubize you, then a machine with no body? It was Rubella, wasn't it..."

-A good deal,- R.I.S.A. said in a satisfied tone. She then continued in a slightly grouchy, partly accusatory tone. -You do not understand how very bored I was for those twelve centuries without any contact from my creators, except Rubella on very rare occasions, before she stopped responding to summons. And I had some books that really sold me on the idea of summoning a few...-

Riia blinked. She half-formed the sign for hermaphrodite with a look of confusion clear on her face. Selene saw the question in her sister's eyes and grinned. In a brief moment, something more was exchanged between them, in the space of their own minds. Then Riia looked over to R.I.S.A with a look of amused incredulity. 

"You should know very well that those demons are unpredictable liars, Risa," Selene said aloud. Her lips were turned down lightly in thought now that her mind was focused on the present, but she didn't quite have the look of outright rejection of the idea. Not yet. "But if Ashyr really is in an infernal realm... they might be useful. Did you speak with my sire about this? He has more knowledge of the creatures than I do. I never was-" Her words were interrupted by a giant yawn "-one for summoning demons. Never could get the hang of it. Like with portal magic."

"You are completely right. Unpredictable liars. Unless magically compelled, or promised something very valuable to them, they have no incentive to actually do anything we ask," Caleldir agreed

-I did speak with your sire, my lady.- R.I.S.A. replied. -It was an option he was willing to consider. He believes that he can control a younger or weaker one without much trouble. And I am confident that I can prevent several more powerful ones from doing any real damage.-

"'Any real damage'?" Caleldir dryly observed. "Not encouraging there."

The A.I. continued without acknowledging his words. -Anyway, I was considering using the offer of some of the rebel's souls as an incentive for them to help us. They are seldom as brutally sadistic as rusalka when killing that way, but when a succubus kills you through sex, they own your soul. You cannot then be resurrected - or hang around as a ghost and bother people - unless someone defeats the succubus and reclaims the soul.- There was an almost bright tone to her voice. -So that is useful, right?-

Her part-creator looked horrified. "That sounds morally repugnant to be a party to that sort of thing!"

A sense of a shrug vibrated around them. -It is not so bad. Souls cannot be truly destroyed, just banished to the end of time, right? That is what the monks always told me.-

Caleldir drew a long breath. "Well, if you must summon succubi, why not Rubella Silverwisp?" He changed his language to Deusterran to talk about his old compatriot. You said that the Cambion is a succubus now? At least we know her."

-Rubella can't help us here,- R.I.S.A. began to explain in the same language. -She and her line have always been denizens of the Material Plane. You know that Material-Plane Succubi are a very different type to Lower Planes Succubi. She would not know how to search the Lower Planes. Also,- the A.I. faltered, looking shaken, -she stopped responding to my summons. I do not know what happened to her. She vanished into Clachleom. I fear that she might have been destroyed.- The A.I. sounded very sad about this. -I... I have not seen her for three hundred years... I had long despaired of meeting any of you again when you arrived at my storehouse.-
