 -Warning - This chapter contains a graphic transformation. Duh! Werewolves! If you're not into that, I warned ya, so you can go knit or something. – Truth

*

"Look, I can't help you. You're the one that programmed her. You'll have to fix whatever happened that stripped away her commands," a rather large man sighed down at Ron.

"I can't get anywhere near her. This guy's disrupted my control. I tried resetting her, but she just ..."

"Let me get this straight. You reset her?" The big guy leaned forward to Ron.

"Yeah," Ron grew more confident. "I bent her over and did her just like the book said, but..."

"Wait. Franklin, did you do the test on page 23?"

"Test?"

"To see if your mind is strong enough to do the required exercises for full control."

"Well, it's been nearly ten years." The man frowned and tossed a well worn book at him. "What would the test have to do with getting her back?"

"When you get her back, are you strong enough to do it all over?"

"Yes, of course. I get it. It's from the beginning. I'll just have to get her for a week and return her, like I did before."

"She's too old for that. What do you want her back for? She'd probably be all stretched out from some black buck by now. Pick up another one who's ass won't be sagging in a couple years...."

"You obviously didn't look at the picture I furnished with the twelve hundred down."

The man shuffled through the papers on his desk and let out a whistle. "You must have invested a fortune."

"She's all real. 32 inch inseam, 22 inch waist.... My little black doll's all real. Right down to that little mole on her brown ass. I guess you know why I want her back. Besides, I'd just have to start all over learning some girl's fears from scratch. What's the fun of trying to invoke fear when they aren't afraid?"

The fear was what he lived for. The prostitutes weren't cutting it. They would throw his money back in his face when they realized what he wanted. Ellen was his only chance. He felt warm just thinking of how she could writhe and scream. He didn't want to see the bruising. That's why he picked a black one in the first place. The flash of her pearly white teeth as she anticipated the blows was heaven. He wanted to get heaven back. If this guy wasn't gonna get it for him, he'd find someone who could. Ron pulled the picture from his grasp and turned to go.

"Wait," the fat man called. "I might know someone. He might do it. She might just look close enough."

Xavier watched the lone horseman head straight toward his house. He made sure he was down wind and followed as close as he could. The rider jumped down and knocked on the door. No one had been to see him in nearly twenty years. He peeked out of cover and the horse immediately reared. Used to that kind of a reaction, Xavier walked up to the rider.

"Xavier?"

"Yes," he softly replied.

"I was sent by Mr. Johnson. He said you could help me. I've got to get my wife back."

"So, what's that to me? I don't do that anymore."

"He said you'd be especially interested in this assignment. Somehow, I thought you'd be older."

"Yeah, well looks can be deceiving. Especially in these parts."

"The farm belt? Hell, I'd thought you'd be all gnarled from the sun..."

"Give it a rest, Sparky. You're interrupting my hunt. Spill it. What's so special about her."

"Here," the thin man handed him a picture. Xavier was about to snarl that he didn't need to see her to know that he wasn't doing the job, but then he glanced down. The spitting image of his best friend's sister smiled back out at him. In his mind he knew it couldn't be her. She'd been dead for thirty years or more. Along with Chuck, God rest his soul. That fucker, Mike Johnson. He knew he'd do it. Asshole. Tossing some freaky image in his face.

"Johnson, said you'd be able to get an idea of where to look if I brought an article of her clothing. Here it is."

The twerp pulled out a pair of shorts from his pocket and passed them to him. Xavier quickly passed them in front of his nose before putting them in his coat. The shock struck him before he could guard himself. He jumped back. Usually, he could catch a scent without the person taking notice.

"What is it? I might have spilt something on it. It was a long ride and it might have gotten some.."

"No, no. I'm hungry. I need to catch dinner, before I start to eye your horse."

"Eye my horse?"

"Look kid, Mike didn't tell you why I live all the way out here, and I`m not telling you. I'm just gonna take your money and tell you when I get her for you. You're gonna take your corn fed ass and hightail it back to the city, right?"

"Hey, I'm not a city kid..."

"By the way you rode that horse, you are."

Ron mounted, and Xavier rushed the horse off with a glance. He looked at the picture again. High cheek bones. The almond shaped eyes with the high set round breasts popped out at him. He pulled out the shorts and took in the scent again. The spark of heat was all over them. How'd a human get a hold of a bitch in heat? Xavier raised his nose to the air to clear the sexuality from his mind. He decided to pay the local pack a visit in the morning.

***

When I came to, I was in my bed. My hands were sluggish. I went up my thighs and felt my pussy. It was fine. I dragged my fingers up my tummy to my breasts. They felt their usual firm roundness. I moaned softly as I tried to shake off the horrible dream I'd had the night before about Ron. I couldn't think of why I would have a nightmare about my ex strapping me to a table and mounting me.

I finally was alert enough to get up and walk to the bathroom. I got the shower nice and hot and I went to set out the clothes I would wear for Dom's return. I saw him curled up at the foot of the enormous bed. At first, I thought it was Ryan trying to break his stupid rule about not fucking me. I got closer and saw the scar along his right ear where I'd scratched him. 

"Dom?" My voice felt far away.

His eyes fluttered and he smiled as he stretched out of the ball he'd been sleeping in. He raised up and kissed me on the lips roughly. I moved back to see if it was really him. He arched his back and yawn, "You

finally woke up."

"How long have you been here?"

"Since yesterday morning, when I came to get you. You don't remember, do you?"

"It....It wasn't a dream, was it?"

He shook his head and tossed himself on the bed. "He won't bother you anymore."

I curled up next to him and felt this urge to make sure he was real. I ran my hands over his body. He sighed in gratitude as I worked my way down to his cock. It greeted me with a trickle of pre-cum. I wrapped my arms around his thighs and licked roughly at it until it started to stand on its own. I took the head into my mouth and he shivered. As I swirled my tongue around his dick, I saw other women doing the same thing. They weren't very good. They didn't give him the attention he needed. I nibbled at his balls, and he raised his legs to allow me access. As I felt him build up to orgasm, I knew that he wouldn't fuck me. He wanted to wait for some stupid reason. As I watched the thick whiteness fly out of him, he moaned pleasingly. I got up and took my shower. I'd just gotten my body clean when he said through the door, "You knew, didn't you?"

"So, what's so special, that you'd risk me kicking your ass again?" I'd tried to sound cold, but it wasn't in me.

"I promised you to Dad, tonight. You'll get what you want after that. He needs to get the fantasy that you've built up out of his system."

I could tell he was jealous, but not very. He would probably take his frustrations out on Karen later. I got out and started to towel off. Dom left and returned with Ryan. Ryan didn't hide his admiration as he took

the towel from me and began to dry me feet first. The towel was quickly replaced by his tongue as he traced the drops of water up my thighs. 

Dominic showed no emotion. He just stood back and watched as I allowed Ryan to continue his attention. I broke Ryan's grasp and went for the door.

Dom held the door open, "I know you've been a tease. I want to break you of it now, before you get into trouble."

As I walked out, I felt something forcing me toward the bed. I looked toward Dom and Ryan. They both smiled subtly and moved forward. Ryan took my hands and guided me toward the bed. I felt like running, but I didn't.

I let him drop down between my legs and wrap his arms around my ass. He picked me up effortlessly. He playfully tossed me on the bed and ran a hand over my breasts. I felt odd, but excited about the situation. I looked into Dom's eyes as the hands of his father were making me respond. There was more curiosity than anger in his face as Ryan spread my legs. I closed my eyes and held my breath as he sent a shockwave through my pussy.

His fingers massaged my nipples as he licked at me. The feeling was so intense, I started to move away. He locked his hands into my ass and dragged me back to his waiting mouth. `Just say yes.' He caused screams to come out of my mouth. I felt embarrassed as the wave started to build. My body trembled as he brought me close to climax. Suddenly, he moved away. I opened my eyes and moaned. He opened his pants and let me acknowledge his big hard cock. I looked for Dominic, but he was gone. Ryan pulled his

pants down and grabbed my knee. `Just let it go. I won't complicate things.' He yanked my body to the edge of the bed. This was for gratification. The older man was trying to make this impersonal. He shoved into me and filled me completely. I couldn't stop trembling. Ryan grunted as he pushed further in. I felt like the head of his dick was in my guts. As he drove into me, he praised me for my tightness and spread my legs farther apart. I heard myself screaming as he gripped my hips and howled. The sound frightened me, but I was too far gone. When I came, he quickly pulled me off. He spent his load onto the floor and crouched away.

"Wow! You are something! I think I've got a knob forming. That's...that's... This hasn't happened for a long, long time."

He seemed embarrassed. This made me a little bold.

"Then, why did you stop?"

"Girl, if I went with it, I'd probably break that little ass of yours," he smiled.

"I bet you would. So, we`re done, right?" A kittenish purr escaped my lips. What the hell was wrong with me?

"Yeah," he laughed. "We're done. I'm not gonna risk it with you again. I shouldn't have done this in the first place. If I was younger, I'd probably give you a go."

"You're not so old..."

"No, baby girl, we won't be doing this. It was a nice dream, but I need to wake up. And, you need a mate with fire."

I felt this clutching in my tummy as he zipped up and walked out. I'd gotten something out of it, hadn't I? I rolled over and pulled the pillows under my chin. I heard Dominic enter, but I didn't turn around.

"So," his voice rumbled. "How was it?"

"How was what?" I didn't want to talk to him. I wanted to figure out why my brain didn't work right when I was around him. I just fucked his dad, for crying out loud, and he asked me how it was? I felt his hands cup my ass as he sat down on the bed next to me.

"I promised him. I knew it wouldn't go far. The girls just give him blowjobs, anyway. I just..."

His voice faded away as I felt a pair of lips on the back of my neck. He pulled at my pony tail to turn my head. His teeth ran along my chin as he put his full weight on me.

"I can smell him on you," he whispered in my ear. "And, your anxiety. I want to replace that smell. What do you need me to do?"

My mind went to all sorts of naughty things immediately. Without my response, he dragged me off the bed and took me to the bath. He undressed and we took a long bubble bath. It smelled like vanilla. mmmm. His hands washing my body scrubbed away the awkwardness. I started to warm to his attention.

"You really are an exceptional bitch, you know?" He cooed as he ran his hands up my waist. "Anyone else would have balked at the attention. Dad's not the type to satisfy. He just wants in, then the thrill's gone. If you don't want me here, I'll go."

My response was a kiss that made my lips tingle. He must have felt the shock too, because he pulled me off. He scanned my face and the tingling increased as he tried to kiss me softer. I grabbed him and forced him to mean what he was doing. He shoved his tongue into my mouth and shoved me down in the water. I braced myself on his neck as he moved me out of the tub with his tongue in my mouth. I felt the electricity build in my mouth and flow over my brain. As he carried me it went down my spine and flowed over my ass. I felt the water drip off of my body as he released my mouth. His grip increased as he made the now familiar mating sound. The low rumble made my stash twitch. He knew my time was close. He was all for it. I wrapped my legs around his body as he carried me to my bed. He draped us diagonally along the mattress and penetrated facing me. His movements were slow and forceful. His blue eyes bore down on me as I kept my hold around his waist. I felt him growing inside me and his eyes started to shift to gold. I felt a strange pressure in the base of my spine as he grunted in my ear. Was he all the way at my spine? I tried to concentrate on that sensation by closing my eyes, and it wasn't Dominic. My skin felt like it was being pinched all over as the pressure in my tailbone turned into pain. I opened my eyes to see nothing but hair. So, I closed them again. 

Dominic's mane flowed over my face when I started to ignore the pain. His body was so warm. My legs slid off of him and he pushed faster and harder at me. My pussy squeezed down and I let out a scream. It wasn't my voice. When I opened my eyes again, I screamed again. The wolf inside me growled in my ear as my pussy gave him a reason to. It kept clamping down as the long snout brushed across my face. I tried to push him off, but I remembered that I'd hurt myself if I pushed too hard. The pain rolled up

my spine and I tried desperately to tell him to stop. He clutched me with his paws and snarled. I knew I was in trouble when my feet slid easily under him. I tried to say something, but my lips refused to move the way that they should. The pleas came out as garbled yelps and whines. Soon, I wouldn't even be able to manage that. My jaw was lengthening. I watched my nose slide out as my paws gripped at his chest. When the changes took over my body, I didn't feel fear. It switched off as I lay on my side with a big cock driving through me. Dom's haunches were crouch in so that he could bite my ear as he pumped in and out. I got up to my feet and he arched up to allow me to stand. I could feel my tail was pushed to the side to allow him free movement.

The bedroom door opened and I saw Ryan. He walked straight toward me and put his hand on my head. Dom snapped at him.

"You should really start telling her. She needs to know these things. She was scared half to death. I should have helped her."

Dom continued humping as he warbled and whined at his father.

"Look, you need to speak to her, now. This is not the way to..."

A rolling howl escaped Dom's lips and, without hesitation, Ryan howled as well. The long drawn out sound made me come. I'd never been filled like this. My clamped down insides squeezed even harder and I felt the pulse in his cock. He stopped moving. The semen spraying my cervix made me come violently. I dropped down. My pussy was held in the air by his well buried cock and my still clinched muscles.

Ryan gave me a scratch behind my ear and said softly, "It's okay, Ellen. I'm shopping for a better man for you. You've been waiting around. This ass of a son of mine doesn't deserve a piece of ass like you."

`Don't listen to him,' Dom's voice filled my head. `He's just bluffing. There aren't any better than me.'

"He's probably telling you a load of crap right now. Just come to me if you want more than just to breed. Don't worry. You'll learn to control when you change. This is just a temporary aspect of the life."

With that, Ryan gave my chin a tug and walked out. I looked at the gray brown of my legs. I was meant for this? To be mounted and produce the next generation of me?

I felt weak. Dom slid down and lay next to me with a paw over my side. When my hands slid over the side of the bed, I knew the ordeal was over. I felt my hair free body. When I sat up, Dom slept far on the other side of the bed. His body was back to normal, too. Did he really just want me for my womb? I'd only fucked him three times in the year that I knew him. He was waiting for my heat cycle? I shook off the thought and showered. I couldn't stop thinking about it. How personal was I with him? He didn't tell me about the whole werewolf thing until after he'd thought he'd planted his seed. And now, he had his father do me without any problem. Was I bad in bed? Was that all I was good for? I dressed and made sure my hair was pulled tightly into a pony tail at the base of my neck. I looked at myself in the mirror. A year ago, I was a quiet girl with what I thought was a good marriage. If only I had left him alone, I would have never known I was a werewolf, my husband would have been fucking me while I was hypnotized, and I wouldn't have to be freaked out every time I fuck.

Nah, it's better now.