 - -The male on male action is due to dominance on one of their parts. Or so he thinks.- -

*

Louis Bernard opened his cell phone and dialed his phone. He listened to his instructions and closed the phone quickly. The male had been spotted on the route through Illinois. The team would intercept as he drove through. The object was to follow and observe. The female would, under no circumstance, be approached. No matter how inviting she was, no male of the pack had permission to mount her. Stella had chosen her new mate, but refused to give the name until all of the pack became one again. Louis knew it was a matter of time until he was named. He'd been offering himself to her for years just for this opportunity. She'd groomed him to lead. When he returned with the bitch, Louis would be the only male with rank enough for a mating with the high echelon. He'd be up to his neck in prime bitches. Fat ones. Skinny ones.... He shoved the phone into his breast pocket, and straightened his shirt. The Black SUV would be headed this way. He could smell it.

When it rolled by, the group of cars followed at a good distance. The chase went on for hours. Had they crossed the border into Wisconsin? Or were they in Indiana? When they went to the country roads, they had to stay out of site. Louis trusted Michel with keeping them on the right track. They arrived at a massive villa which rivaled the place back at home. The white one jumped out of the car and burst through the front door. He called out and rushed around the grounds. Another came out. He was a twin? They spoke briefly and Dominic was off in the car again. Louis ordered a few men to hide on the grounds and wait. The main group would follow and find out why Dominic was upset.

Louis was tired and he knew that it had to be important for Dominic to get back on the road after he got home. They watched him get to his destination and go in. The door opened five minutes later with a figure running on bare feet toward the car. When he focused on her, he knew immediately, she was the one. She swayed slightly which made the coat that was covering her flow open. The curve of her breast flashed before his eyes as she hid behind the car. The way she squatted built up the image of natural grace. Her unkempt hair fell over her cheek as she scanned the block. She clawed at her arms and face with agitation. When Dominic followed her out, she forced her arms around him. His response was to kiss her softly and put her into the car.

Louis phoned the group that was left behind to prepare for his arrival. His call back to Stella would be of success. He watched the stupid man carry her sleeping body into the house. It would take very little time to get the men needed to take her back. By the next morning, he'd be enjoying his prize. Louis revised his decision when he saw her sleeping peacefully with Dominic standing guard at her bed. The dog wasn't as stupid as he'd thought. He gave the order to storm the house after eight days. That would give Dominic enough time to let down his guard. A regular roster of surveillance was posted at the hotel and Louis visited the local dance clubs and bars to scope out the food. The nearest one was forty miles away. That just left cows. Louis shook his head as the wolves caused a stampede and didn't catch a one. He was just about to have to go to a grocery store, when he saw something. A calf caught in some sort of snare. He moved closer slowly. The string was connected to a crude trap. Well, someone must frequent this field, and the farmer is trying to kill them. Louis sounded the call to leave.

He returned just in time to see the bitch mated. Her back arched agreeably off of the bed, as one of the twins quickly had his go. Louis joined the fun by stroking slowly on his cock. Then she was bathed and mounted again. She rippled as the fur covered her and her body changed. She was the brightest of red. She was a fox red over her body and darkened to a dark gray on her limbs and nose. Louis Bernard tried to listen when the bitch warbled, but she only kept repeating that she was scared. Louis smiled and pumped his cock faster. If she was afraid, she'd hold him tight. When the other twin came back into the room, he looked directly out the window toward him. Not good. Louis stuffed his painfully hard cock in his pants and had everyone move back. He watched the man stare out into his eyes as he spoke in a controlled fashion.

`Meet me in the kitchen. If you want her, I may be able to get her for you, Alpha.'

Louis stood up and nodded. Ryan continued to speak to the two wolves, but glanced at the standing man out the window.

When he got there, Ryan greeted the wolf with, "Wind shows all."

"And, the Alpha tells none," was the appropriate response for his pack.

"Why would you give the bitch to me?"

"I'll give her to you if, and only if, I'm allowed to return to my mate, Louis."

"You act as if you know me. I don't know you."

"Louis Bernard, I saw you created when your mother joined with your father. I saw you learn to hunt, and yet you don't remember?"

"I don't."

"Papa, you don't need to pretend. We are one on one here."

"Uh, Ryan?"

"Good, pup. You did remember."

"You should be dead by now. The leaders took out part of your brain."

"I'm just fine, Louis. I have no sense of smell, but otherwise I have no problems."

Louis laughed, "You've lost a few other things by the performance you put on earlier."

"She's not my mate. Why would I want to be attached to some bitch that I have nothing to say to? I don't know how Dominic does it."

"It won't be hard for me, either. It has always been the obligation of the Alpha to produce offspring."

"Well educated in the law, are we? What about the part about the mate complimenting the bitch? Is Dominic a compliment to her?"

"He tries. He wasn't meant for her, anyway. She`s not of his pack."

"She's not of yours, either. However, I'll let you have her , because my boy doesn't know how to take care of her. She's magnificent and he neglects his duty. He mates only during her heat. And then reluctantly. He hasn't even broken her in anally."

"That's not necessary. If a bitch is as good as she looks, it's irrelevant. The ass would be a let down, and it could ruin her pussy. A few toys, now and then, that's another story. Not too much to stretch out the works, obviously."

"He's done nothing. Not even a finger."

"Maybe you're just jealous..."

"Do you want her, or not?"

"Of course I want her! Who wouldn't? I'll be by to collect her when they've unlocked."

"No, Louis. She needs to be handled carefully. I'll get her to go to you. You're camped in the woods south of the stable, right?"

Louis nodded. "That's where you would have picked."

"Give me a few days to bring her around to the idea. I've already planted the seed in her mind."

"So be it," Louis bowed and went back to camp.

Ellen walked down to breakfast in an oriental style robe in her bare feet. She seemed ambivalent about there not being anyone else in the room.

"I sent them all to New York for a little surprise," was Ryan's not convincing reply to her inquiry.

She sat down and stared her tired stare at him.

"If I were Dominic, I wouldn't have let you leave the room until this evening. Yet another shortcoming of my son's."

"I told him no, when I could. I don't know...."

"He takes advantage of your naiveté. I'm sorry. We'll start from the beginning," he soothed as he set down a plate of a deep brownish red pudding.

Ellen picked up her spoon and went to eat it.

"Ah, ah, ah. Just leave it until I tell you what it is."

She dropped the spoon to the tablecloth with a frown. The night's transformation had obviously drained her.

"This is the first meal of a changed man. In your case woman. It is blood pudding. We don't use cow's blood in it. It took me years to perfect it. It contains hart's blood with a bit of human mixed in for flavor. I won't tell you how I molded it. It's not really relevant."

She looked down at the stuff.

"Okay, you've twisted my arm. It's mostly chocolate pudding. Blood's a gradually acquired taste, and most wolves enjoy the flesh more."

She dipped a finger in and tasted it. "Devil's food. My favorite."

"Good. Finish it up while I try to give you an idea of what will be expected of you." He settled into the closest chair next to her and continued, "You were born into a large family, my dear. Your parents shielded you from the outside world, didn't they? You didn't even go to your high school proms, because you didn't know anyone well enough for them to ask you. They shrouded you to protect you from contact with other wolves. The proximity of a non-related prime male is what puts a bitch through her first heat. Since you never came in contact with one, you never went into heat. You probably met Ron right out of high school, or even sooner. He was more than likely controlling you from the instant you met. This control also stopped your heat cycle. When Dominic came in contact with you, he asked me immediately to explain you. I couldn't. When I first saw you, I knew that you were different. I urged him to be open with you, but he hasn't. Your first time with him, you probably don't remember much. It's normal. The first change is a shock to the system. You had to be aware of the full transformation to know who you are. I've always prided myself in being able to judge an individual. You'll soon be frustrated. He's good for the time you get him, but he's flighty. He wants a mate without the need to service one. That's why he leaves. His curiosity overrides his sex drive and then I'm left with a sex starved bitch that I couldn't satisfy in a thousand years. You are an Alpha female and need a pack to run. The way you adapted my play girls is proof of that. You can stay here and be Dominic's plaything when he feels like bedding you, or you can have your pick of any male in a pack. Unlimited possibilities of pleasures."

"I'm fine here," she argued. "Dom was more affectionate this time."

"Did he tell you that you would change?"

"I didn't ask him."

"You'll attack him again. Or maybe me, if you're not happy."

"What makes you think that more sex would make me happy?"

"You know I can read your thoughts. Right now, you're wondering why I didn't want to lock up with you."

She looked away from him and shoved her chair from the table.

"I don't want to have children with you. If I did hook with you, you'd have my kid as sure as rain is wet. Do you realize how many kids I have on this earth? Well, not many, but I know a lot of girls, who got pregnant. I never wanted this line to continue. I had to get them to have abortions before the baby was old enough to change them into wolves. Before that, I had to eat them. El, I'm not much into eating humans, since I was one. You can see how important it has been over the decades to keep from leaving progeny. Dominic was hidden from me until his mother was too far gone. I loved her by then. How could I kill her for wanting to have my babe? That ten years was okay. A perpetually pregnant woman was not...."

"It takes ten years...."

"No, no. Not for a born bitch or one changed by blood. If she had asked to be changed, her metabolism would have sped up. It takes about the normal human time. Don't worry. You'll do fine and have lots of help in the pack to care for it."

She seemed thoroughly shaken, so Ryan stopped speaking to her for a moment. She stroked her neck silently as the information was sorted through.

"You want me to ...fuck a bunch of other guys. You want me to leave him for a bunch of unnamed strangers."

"I'd be sending you to the pack in Louisiana. I know a lot of them. I'd be going there with you. I miss being with the others. Besides, I'd lock with you there. Then you'd see I wasn't as useless as you thought last night."

"You could just have done it with me then. Now, I'll never fuck you."

"I had to make Dom believe that I wasn't enjoying myself."

She laughed and got up to go. He pulled her close and shoved his tongue in her mouth. He could see in her eyes that she'd felt nothing. He let her go.

"I know what you're saying," he sighed and went to get the paper.

The door bell rang. No one knew where this place was. Dominic raced down the stairs before Ryan could open it. He looked out at a tall thin white guy. He pulled a baseball cap lower over his face so that Dom had to open the door. Dom obliged and asked, "May I help you?"

"Yeah, I've come for," the man smiled, "Ellen. Yes, Ellen Beauvais. I mean Franklin. Ellen Franklin."

"You've got to be joking," Dom laughed in his face.

"Oh, no. I've been sent to collect her. My family is willing to pay a great deal of money, or a replacement bitch, to secure her safe return. We've only recently discovered her whereabouts."

Dom took a big sniff. The young, lower rank wolf was not from Louisiana. Dominic showed him in. The boy said his name was James. He stretched his lanky self out on the couch and commenced to eating everything that was offered.

"It's been a long trip," he smiled as he finished off half of a roast chicken left over from dinner. Ryan entered the living room and sat down.

"Your pack," Dominic asked.

"Oh, yes. Forgive me. My pack is located on the border with Canada and New York state. Some families do not feed. They've been hiding out there. We protected them in exchange for a daughter from their line. They're not from the north country. We like to improve the blood line..."

"I know about the bloodline stuff. What's that got to do with Ellen?"

"She disappeared ten years ago. Her family feared that she was dead. A group of us was sent to scent for her, but since she wasn't a breeding female, we didn't find her. Our range isn't very far. We recently tracked down a man named Ron Franklin who'd been hanging around her school. He confirmed that she was with him the whole time. Naturally, we want her back."

"What for? Why would I trade her for an inferior bitch? I plan to create a pack around her."

"You've no right to do so. She is a member of our pack with high rank. She's second only to her sister, who has just had her first litter..."

"Second, exactly. I won't turn her over. She's my queen. I won't part with her," Dominic hissed.

"You can't keep her. I can see by just listening to you. She'll bring you down if you don't know what she needs..."

"Who are you to speak about..."

"I am her cousin, sir. That is why I was sent as liaison. She is not an object. If she remembered what she could do, she'd have made waste of you by now. Besides, a mate's been selected for her since before she was born."

"Wait Jimmy," Ryan finally spoke up. "We had no idea, she was prearranged. Are there females of the same quality without attachments?"

"Dad," Dom glared at his father, "I don't give a damn! The bitch stays here."

"It matters because only the elite are prearranged. The imprint of her mate is on her at birth..."

"So, you're shipping off my bitch to some old guy?"

"Alpha," James tried reason, "she was chosen. He will be coming for her soon."

"I won't give her up."

"It's either send her home, where you know she'll be safe, or keep her. You know she'll be taken from you by the next strong pack that comes to get her. Why not take the deal?"

Dominic stood up. James stood as well and glared back into his eyes. Ryan went to get between them, but Dominic froze him in his tracks. Dom struck the younger man and watched him fall back against the sofa.

"I am the Alpha."

*** I heard this crash downstairs. I'd just gotten on my favorite pair of jeans. I forced the shirt over my head and let my hair flow wildly around me as I hopped the last few steps. I didn't hear anymore loud crashes, but I could have sworn I heard whimpering. I peered around the corner to see Ryan staring blankly across to the far wall. I looked in that direction and I saw Dominic forcing a guy forward over the couch.

"Dom?"

He arched around to look at me. I saw the man's pants were down around his knees. I wanted to throw up or run away, but I just stood there. He was thrusting in and out of the guy's ass. He didn't acknowledge me, but yelled at the submitted man, "Say it!"

"You're, uh, oh, Alpha! Please! You're the Alpha! I'm sorry!"

"She's my bitch!" Dom pulled out and zipped up his pants. "You're lucky I didn't have you suck it."

"Yes, master." The man dropped down with his face to the floor as he looked up at Dom and then sat gingerly on his butt.

"You liked that didn't you, you little bitch," Dom spat down at the man's erect member. "Introduce yourself to the bitch."

"Uh, Ellen," he sat with his hard on fully exposed. "It's me James, remember?"

I looked into his eyes and he did seem familiar.

"We used to play together with Lucy, your sister."

It slowly came back to me. "Jimmy?"

"I always hated that when you called me that. Look, I came to..." He was going to say bring me back home.

I sat down next to him and pointed to his cock. "When did this happen?"

"Oh, you mean maturity? When I stopped coming over. All that mock humping had to lead somewhere. I became a man and could never see you again. No, big deal. I'd almost forgotten about you when he scented you."

"What?"

"When he got an article of your clothing. Oh, thank you, Ellen," he purred into my hair.

I'd been idly stroking his cock as he spoke. Dom dragged me away as James finished himself off. He stood me next to Ryan and asked, "Who is he?"

"What, you didn't find out his name before you fucked him?"

He laughed off my attempt to embarrass him and said, "I want to know if he's telling the truth."

"His names Jimmy, I mean James Rousseau. He's a distant cousin as you can see. We're the black side of the family. He says they've been looking for me. Ron always said..." Ron really was a dirty, rotten bastard.

"He's part of this pack, now. You treat him as an underling. Don't ever fuck him. He's to be my other bitch until he submits completely."

"If I don't return to the pack, they'll know something's happened. They'll send someone."

"It's their fault for sending a bitch to do a big dog's job. I meant what I said about not fucking him, Ellen. Not even a pity stroke. I see how you look at him. I'm the only father to any kid you have, get me?"

Dom snapped his fingers and Ryan relaxed. "That goes for you too, old man. You can fuck her all you want, but don't lock up."

Ryan shook his head at his son and went to raise James off of the floor.

"Okay, boy. I'll give you, Veronica."

I watched Veronica's excitement as she saw James' cock swaying in the open air. She slid down and put it in her mouth. He responded by placing a hand on her head.

"Oh, no, my dear," Ryan stopped her. "He doesn't need to be pacified. Get on your knees."

"Yes, master."

"But," James started to protest. "I can't possibly..."

"Nonsense, boy. She's waiting. Let's see how you do. She's a submissive, so you won't have any trouble with her."

I watched Jimmy's shaft thicken as he moved stiffly toward the big breasted girl`s ass. He bent down and penetrated her with a firm thrust. Veronica immediately gasped from his attention. He held her gently as he moved deeper and deeper within her until his stomach met her ass. I felt my crotch get warm as he alternated with slow and rapid movements. I walked over and ran my hands through his short, brown hair. When my nails reached his nape, he shivered and whined openly. Veronica cried out as he slammed into her harder.

"That's good, baby," Ryan ran a hand over her back and squeezed a breast.

I found my hands moving to his chest and I caressed his nipples. He moaned and came. I watched the come flow down her legs as he moved out of her.
