 Xavier made sure the wire transfer was successful by calling it in before he made his leave. He still couldn't believe his nose or his eyes. It was true, though. A free born wolf with eyes constantly dappled with gold grinned amiably at him. Fully a head taller than him by Xavier's judgment, the lead male shifted his weight from one foot to the other in impatience.

"Don't be afraid," his deep smooth voice caressed. "My eyes are like this all of the time. I won't challenge you. So, you brought it?"

Xavier handed the pair of shorts to the man. The wolf opened them to show the size.

"I got confirmation from my cousin, and she was where you said she'd be. She's a bit small? By her mother, I'd thought she'd be bigger."

"I wouldn't know,...master." Xavier unhappily resorted to tradition, since the alpha hadn't given his name. He pulled out the picture and handed that over, too.

"Yes, these must be tight against her skin. Why are you still here, Xavier? You've got your money. What else do you want?"

Xavier hunched his shoulders and said, "I want to know what's to happen to the guy that gave me the shorts."

"What for?"

"He owes me money. Since he stole your mate and took your first rights, I figured I could watch when you disembowel him..."

"I haven't decided what is to become of him. If she wishes it to be done, you'll be the first one contacted."

"Thank you, master. I look forward to another call."

***

I got Jimmy off of the phone before Dominic came back down. He strolled down the stairs and gave me a kiss on my forehead as if nothing had happened. I moved my head away and he massaged my neck with his hand before he pulled me close.

"Don't forget, I can smell it on you. You may not like me right now, but you'll come to me. That plug should slide out of you any minute, now. You want to stay filled, don't you, bitch?"

I wanted to say no, but I'd never had such a good fuck. I was stuck, because my pussy wanted to be filled with his big fat hard long cock. No matter what freaky stuff he did. He could lay the pipe and he knew it. Damn it!

"Yes, Dom. I need a big hard dick to satisfy me."

He didn't like this response, because he frowned and said slowly, "You don't talk like Karen, do you?"

"Uh, okay, no. I won't speak like that anymore. I thought you'd like that."

"No, Ellen. You're to set an example. From now on, you give me respect."

I felt like he won. He didn't have to pretend with me. Maybe, that's why there were so many men at that getting acquainted party. Maybe he wasn't into girls. I was to be the jewel in his crown. He looked at me oddly.

"I fuck when I want to, bitch. Not when it's required for you. I like it in there, but you've got an attitude. I give you the privilege when I want. Have you seen any men roaming around here? No, because I don't do that on a regular basis. He needed to shut the fuck up. I just needed to make sure he knew who the alpha was."

"Am I supposed to give you a pat on the back because you fucked some guy up the ass?"

"We all have to do it. I should've done it to you, instead of waiting until you're healed up."

I realized that it wasn't about the pleasure of anal sex. It was all the power. He didn't want an equal. I thought I'd gain my equal share of his life. When Dom ordered James to his rooms after dinner, that made up my mind for me. Big dick, or not. This girl's got to go. There's no telling what that whore of a man gave me. Before him, there'd been only one man. Dom had probably hundreds of men and women. The question now was where would I go? North or South. Both places were vying for my attention, but the fact that I had family in both places made the decision bad. I had to find out more. I asked James if we could speak quietly together.

"You know I'd do anything for you, El."

He gripped my hands and pulled me out through the double doors that led to the tennis court. His eyes glowed in the darkness as he looked me up and down..

"You know he's not for you. He's bisexual on the one hand and a bearded homosexual on the other. Most Alpha's assume the posture of mounting and then run themselves over my ass. The ones that penetrate don't last too long. The offspring are few. I'm used to it, because I used to be that man he's trying to be. I relinquished my role next to Lucy. She deserved better. So do you. The one chosen for you is a good wolf and comes from a potent line."

"I don't want to hear about that," I grimaced at him. "I want to know about my family."

"Darling, everyone is well. Your mother misses you daily. The brothers are outside of the pack. One a banker in Washington state, and another plays baseball, I think. The family is ready for your return. Lucy is waiting to hand over the reins, when you're ready. I was to change you, you know? Not her. I would have tried harder for you, mon cheri. We were always the best of friends." He wrapped his arm around me and breathed on my ear.

It took me back to those days when I didn't know what a man wanted, and Jimmy wasn't a man. It was a time when we could do everything but the dirty deed with no consequences. I put my hand on his chest and traced a line up to his face. His glowing eyes closed as I ran my finger tips over that great spot behind his ear. I let him draw me in and put his lips on my cheek. I admired his almost porcelain skin against my dark fingers as I trailed them back down to his chest. He let out a soft sigh in my ear as my hand went lower. He caught up my hand in his and kissed my fingers. I looked down and saw a bulge in his pants.

"I'm not dead, Ellen. You do it for me. Hell, I'm sure you'd do it for others as well. But, I don't think you should fuck me. It might be that I'm like my cousin for you. I don't want you to mistake one night for a lifetime."

He dropped my hand and went back inside. Party pooper. I followed him and asked him to go to my room with me. He said no. I just wanted to explore his body and be taken care of for a little while. I went up to my room alone. When the door was shut, I heard a tapping at the window. I shut off the lights and saw Jimmy balancing on the window ledge. I opened it and he dropped in effortlessly.

"You called, mistress?"

"Uh, no."

He smiled and pulled me in. "Care to revise that? This is a one time only offer, girl."

"What's the offer?"

"You can do what you want with me, as long as I don't come. He has to think I've been untouched or he might not be too agreeable tomorrow."

"Okay, I want you in bed."

He pulled off his clothes. I took his penis in my hand and gave it a squeeze. He looked down at me with disapproval, but stood stock still. I ran my hands all over his body. When I got closed to his cock again, his hands twitched. I slid down his body until I was eye to eye with his business section. He whimpered as I pulled it into my mouth. It grew like I knew it would. The skin grew tight around the glans and I released it. He fell back against the wall and looked with genuine fear at me. That would be enough for tonight. He did want to make himself available for Dominic. I made sure that his cock was between my thighs anyway when I drifted off to sleep. When I woke up, I felt a pair of arms around me. I turned to see Jimmy hadn't gone to see Dominic last night. He snuggled up to me in his sleep. I smiled at his open defiance and went back to sleep. Ryan woke me and offered me some tea. I drank it slowly and he watch James lying in bed unaware.

"You should get him back to his home before Dominic wakes up."

"That's not necessary," Dom spoke from the door. "I won't hurt him. I think he was too tired to wake up after she went to sleep with him. Really, it was pathetic the way you two cuddled. You could have at least made it interesting so I could punish you."

I didn't get out of the bed or he would've seen the trail of pre between my legs. He hadn't come, he just left a mark on my thighs. I watched Dominic's frown and I got up the nerve to speak.

"Should I be afraid?"

"Oh no, my queen. I hope you didn't take me seriously. I wanted you all to myself. If you want him, make sure you're free for me."

His calm was fixed. Ryan said he knew I wanted to leave.

"I've sent word to the Southern pack to come and negotiate," Ryan sighed. "I was going to have James call his cousin. That way you can make the decision you need with all of the concerned parties here. If I knew you were one of us, I would have called them when he left you the first time."

"I don't want to be auctioned off like a side of beef."

"That's not the idea. You meet them. You do what you want after that. You'll still be welcome here, no matter what you do. I'll even risk hooking up with you, if that'll make up your mind."

I smiled and fell back on the bed inches away from Jimmy. He rolled over instantly and wrapped his arm around my waist.

"What's happening here?" He murmured into the pillow under my head.

"I get to choose who I go with."

"And you want me to bring Rousseau here. Can't do it," James smiled widely.

I slapped his chest and asked, "Why not!"

He broke out into airy laughter. "He'll be here some time today... or tomorrow? No matter. He'll be here."

I didn't know what I should do. I wasn't going to get all dressed up or excited. I washed my body and went down to eat. The rest of Ryan's "friends" had returned at dawn. I took my seat as they milled around half-naked as usual. Just by looking at the people around the table, I realized Ryan's conviction about his line ending. None of them were wolves. He offered me some potatoes before he set it down between James and Dominic. They tasted of blood, like the pudding. I discretely moved it around on my plate as the show went on around me. I jumped when Karen was tossed forcefully to the table. Her sandy brown hair flowed over the edge as her back was ground into the table. Dominic got up from his seat and looked into my eyes. He slowly lowered his mouth to her large areola and nursed on her nipple. All the while, he focused on me. I wanted to not care, but my pussy did the thinking. I could feel his tongue through my clothes. She was entered by a well muscled black man that I hadn't seen before. He stroked into her with relish as she helped by raising her ass. Dom held me there with his eyes and switched to the other breast. When he was satisfied that he had my attention, he unzipped his pants and pressed his cock at her lips. She accepted it with a moan. I felt the moisture in my crotch break free, and I squirmed in the wetness.

Ryan whispered in my ear, "He wants you to do something."

I couldn't. His body arched as she took him all the way in. I marveled at her ability to put her nose at his balls.

"Get over here," he grunted at me. "Or else."

I moved closer. He pushed me toward her breast and I caressed them idly. Not satisfied, he warned me again. I didn't know what he was warning me about. I moved away. Then, I noticed his back tensed. Karen started to struggle under him. He was swelling in her throat. He'd kill her. He pulled out just in time for me to see the ball forming. He looked at me and I knew what it meant. Karen coughed convulsively as the big black man continued to ride her. It would be as easy as that. I stay or Karen goes out like a light. Dominic walked out to the foyer with James hot on his heels. Dominic wrapped an arm around him before he went out of my sight. I turned back around to see Karen's sex flush cover her whole chest. She moaned and trembled under her buck while he started to come. I watched the sperm slide down her ass and all over the table. She looked over at me and smiled. She was fine for being a pawn. I was just about to inspect the new cock, when James rushed back in. He was red faced and bottom naked. He came right up and half carried, half dragged me out to the front door. The door was opened to a tall black man with a long black coat on. James let me go and presented his already used ass to the newcomer. Louis dropped down and nonchalantly pressed the crotch of his pants to James' ass. He popped up and looked around the house.

"Nice place. I've been looking forward to seeing the inside," The man voiced in a low growl.

"Yes, sir. This is Ellen," James quickly offered.

"I am Louis Bernard. I represent the South. You'll like it there."

"I," I tried to greet him, but the words stuck. Damn he was fine. Everything about him oozed sex, and I wanted to try some. My stomach cranked up in a good way.

"Jimmy," Dominic jogged down the stairs. He stopped in mid stride. He eyed Louis.

"You've got something to say, bitch?" Louis voice was just as calm as before.

"She's mine." Dominic rumbled.

"Ha, I wouldn't be here if she was. Now, go back to your little game while I get acquainted with her."

Dom closed the space between them until he was a breath away. "She's staying right here."

I knew Louis had hit Dom in the chin to force his head down. The movement of his hand across Dom's face was quick and smooth. Dom caught his hand on the second blow.

"I won't let you do that again."

"You don't have to," Louis smiled, "I've got you, and you know it."

Louis brushed past him and put his hand on my shoulder. He pulled his pants open and showed me his impressive member. His sensuality flowed over me like a wave. I was in trouble. Dom came close as well. He put a hand on my waist and kissed my earlobe. I knew exactly what he was packing. The two sexual men made me want to spread my legs right then. I forced myself to not touch them. I went up to my room to change my underwear. I looked at the creamy liquid on the crotch. How was I supposed to choose between the two? And there was another one coming soon. I couldn't wait for the last one to get to the house. If I was gonna choose, I was going out a happy girl. The visions of a cock in me and in my mouth made me rush back down the stairs.

End To be continued.... Her selection process.