 I watched the two men get as comfortable as two naked guys could get. The new and improved orgy room was offered to me by Ryan, and I accepted. I had them strip to compare bodies, but that was no use. The broad chests and tight asses didn't help my decision much. It just made me take my own clothes off. There was no touching between us at all. Louis stroked his fat cock slowly while I had him turn and posture. He bounced his pecks and let out a soft rumble at me as I gave his balls a little squeeze. I then turned to Dominic's body. I'd known it only a few times, so the vision of his long fat dick still did it for me. I gave him a little longer squeeze and watched a drop of pre slide down my fingers. I let them see me lick it off, and I felt this urge to spread my legs to let them see what they were getting. I slid down to the floor and rolled onto my back with my legs in the air. They rushed forward. I scolded them softly and balanced my

weight on my shoulders. That focused them on my ass in the air. I spread my thighs as far apart as I could. The look on their faces prompted me to roll over and show them my split. I rolled my hips to show that there was more to the split than willpower. They swayed slowly in their lust as I pulled my legs in and got up. As one they reached for me and lifted me from the ground. I flailed helplessly as they held me up. Dom licked one breast, and Louis the other. They must have negotiated, because there was no argument as to who would suck and fuck what. Louis continue to hold me up by my waste as Dominic sucked my pussy. He kissed my neck as I flowed into Dom's waiting mouth. They switched off and Louis' lips surrounded my eagerly waiting clit. I grunted as his powerful tongue forced me to come, even though I'd just finished before. I heard his slurping as my juices flowed again. They set me down and I gripped their massive cocks in my hands. A year ago, I wouldn't have thought of this at all. I guided Dom in front of me and sucked in the head of his monster. Louis raised me so that I was on all fours. I was entered roughly and without ceremony. One point off for Louis. He could have at least rubbed his cock against my opening first. I nursed on Dom as I was forcefully ridden to a moaning orgasm. Louis grunted into me further as I tasted Dom's salty semen coursing into my mouth. I guess the moan did it for him. He pulled out and let the jet fly over my back right onto Louis' chest. Louis gripped me and rutted more deeply into me. It started to hurt the way that he pounded into me. No, I was not going to live with that for the rest of my life. 

This would be the first and last time for Louis. Dominic grinned as he saw my obvious discomfort. He gave my nipples a squeeze and let me gain release through an orgasm. When I squeezed his cock inside me, Louis stabbed me with his hot seed. He rammed in even harder until he slowly started to lose his erection. He dropped off of me with his legs trembling uncontrollably from the force of his come.

"Now, that's what I call a great bitch!" Louis' voice made me want to puke. I moved across the floor and he hopped over to give my ass a slap. My cry made him chuckle. Dominic recommended they go downstairs to eat. It had to have been a long journey for Louis.

I stood up awkwardly and went to take a shower. Dominic turned me around and said, "I told you there's no one better than me."

I nodded at him and continued on my way to my shower. Louis followed Dominic down to the dining room as I closed my bedroom door. I let the shower flow down my body. I noticed that my clit still itched from the pussy assault that Louis put on me. I directed the stream of water over it, but the stimulation only made me hotter. I heard a strange noise coming from outside the door. I opened the shower door to see Dominic standing close by. He slipped in quietly and turned off the water. He massaged my breasts and gave me a lingering kiss.

"I should've warned you, but you were determined to go. Can I help you feel better? You know how I can do it. I won't do anything that you don't want me to do."

His hands were already massaging my pussy. The roughed up labia swelled with his attention. The unruly thing practically smacked its lips at the prospect of being wrapped around his dick for three days. I pulled away and got control of my crotch with difficulty.

"No, I'm not yours just yet. There's another man in the field and we haven't seen him."

"If he's anything like James, he's a cream puff and I'll fuck his ass, too."

I know he meant that as a fact, but I didn't want to hear it just then. I shoved him out of the shower and I scrubbed as practically as I could. My pussy was talking to me big time. It still leaked Louis' offending semen, but it was chanting for a long session with a fat hard cock. At lunch, I gorged on the left over blood potatoes and tore open the partridge that was offered to me. I'd never felt so hungry in my life. Could I be pregnant? I had been with two, no make it three, guys in the same month. I decided I would buy a test in the morning. I drank as much wine as my conscience would allow and followed the others to the newly finished entertainment room. Ryan opened the lock to the wing with relish. The guy must have been waiting a long time to enjoy the opening. Our group of mostly humans walked down to the farthest point from the main road. Ryan smiled at me as he threw open two enormous ornately carved doors. He took my hand and pulled me through the curtains which shrouded the entrance from the hall. I gasped at the absolute size of the room. Room? It was a cavern filled with every toy known to man. He ushered the rest of the crowd in, and the humans immediately squealed in delight and ran from station to station. Karen licked a silver dick that was protruding from some sort of a seat. Ryan went to her and explained that lubrication wasn't necessary. He pressed a button on the machine and an orgasm of lube covered the metal cock. She shrieked and jumped onto it to feel the lube coat her insides.

"If you like this, girl, you'll love this," he smiled wider as he flipped some sort of invisible switch on the back of it.

Karen immediately started to tremble. She raised up to show me that it was spinning inside her. Another switch or dial was changed and she openly rocked her hips on the machine. Ryan lifted her up again and the spinning fucking machine drove into her well lubed snatch. He set her back down and gave her nipples a twist. He then strapped her thighs down and moved to take her wrists as well. She protested.

"You could hurt yourself if you're not monitored. It'll stop when it thinks you need a rest. There's a basin below the mechanism that collects your urine and feces, just in case you outlast the experiment parameters.

It'll fuck as long as you want it to."

Karen allowed him to velcro her into place. Her hair was pulled back into a vice that would keep her head up, in case she passed out. Karen ground into the machine and moaned. Ryan showed me a screen with a display of her heart rate and arousal. I whistled at the pressure readings for her pussy. I wondered if I could match it. I asked Ryan for a go at it when Karen was done. He just laughed and said he had something special for me, but he'd leave the best for last. We went on to the next machine. James was escorted into place with his abdomen supported by a formfitting chair with a hole for his penis and scrotum to dangle through. Pressure pads were put into place over his nipples. His arms were strapped to a hanging

bar and his feet just reached the two foot rests. Ryan closed this big box over his pelvis front and back. I found the monitor for this one and saw Ryan's hand stroke James to hardness, then something that looked like a cow milker was suctioned to his cock. James barely changed his face except for a raised eyebrow in the direction of Ryan. Ryan turned on a switch and I watched a spinning silver dick head for the anus. It must have not had the right angle, because it changed angle before it shoved into his waiting ass. Jimmy's sigh was worth it. I watched his pelvis driving into his support as the spinning started and then the spinning fuck. James whimpered and sighed. I knew by his smile he'd be there for a while.

"We're not done. You three," Ryan directed three human men to move to the next fun thing. There was a row of openings. Ryan directed them to get hard and insert their dicks. They slid in easily enough. Then they braced themselves against the outside of the holes.

"Relax, and it'll feel really good." They did as he said and they even started to hump at them. Dominic and Louis were given over to another machine. They both sat down in a room and were greeted by me. Me!?! The fake me crouched like a cat and sprang at Dom. He fell back and was rewarded with a me on his cock. It ground into him and he put his hands behind his head to relax.

"Not as good as the real thing, but she'll do," he shouted out to Ryan.

She/me/it pulled Louis by the cock to her face and sucked him in. Ryan went through the other toys. Each person was assigned a new toy to fuck, until it came to my turn. There were no more things left that I could tell. I looked back at the room filled with fucking people and I noticed the door was very far away. Ryan gave me a squeeze and shoved me toward the curtained wall. I thought I'd hit the wall. I didn't expect to fall through the curtain into another room.

"This is your machine, baby girl."

It looked like a table. A simple table. Geez. Everybody else got great crap. Where's my great crap? Ryan had me lie down. He made a quiet bark and a man appeared in the doorway.

"Ellen, this is Matthew. He's your own personal love slave. I made sure he has a special feature. You know that probe we used before?" 

I nodded and looked down at what looked like a flaccid human cock.

"This one's made out of a super polymer that can stretch even more. And you see the folds of skin around the balls? He'll get probably as long as my idiot son."

Matthew came up to me and smiled. I didn't smile back. He put a hand to my face and kissed me. Huh. The tongue felt real. He kissed my neck and trailed down to my breasts. I moaned as a finger went inside me. My little lips tightened around it and he increased his attention to my nipples. My pussy started to talk to me again. It wanted to be fucked. Cut out all the foreplay. How was his cock? He moved to suck my pussy and my clit jumped out into his mouth. I whimpered at the pleasure. Nothing about Matthew was unnatural or unreal. The slurping and licking felt the same. Had Ryan altered a human to satisfy me? Matt spread my thighs and the table at the same time. He rubbed his cock against the labia and they spewed my fluids to make it easy for him to enter. He slid in and made a satisfied groan. That tears it!

"So, where are you from?"

He smiled and winked his metallic blue eye at me. I knew it.

"I'm from California," he grunted as he started to stir up my pussy.

"Mmmm. I thought you were real."

"It's all real, except for the implants he put under the skin. My cock

got pretty long before."

"Such beautiful eyes. He knows I can't say no to eyes like that."

"Thank you. The better to fuck you with, I guess."

I let a satisfied `Ah' roll out of my mouth as I started to come.

He grunted and shot deep into me. I figured that was it, until he started to convulsively jerk his pelvis. He settled down and kissed my forehead. Then I noticed he was growing inside me. Ryan was right. It felt like that probe he'd used to judge how big a cock I could take. I arched my back so that he could gain more access. He drove in faster and I wrapped my legs around his muscled ass. He humped well. He hit me just right and the swelling dick wasn't half bad either. We fucked until he couldn't move anymore, and he slept inside me with his massive cock still rock hard. He smelled, but I didn't mind. After all of that fucking, the sweaty stench had to get into my nostrils. I slept for a short time until Matt started to drive in and out of me again. Dominic came in and informed me that it had been two days. I looked up at him and gave him a tired smile.

Matt went on with his good, good fucking. Dominic snarled and watched Matt's cock sliding in and out of me. I could see that my scent was getting to him, even though he wanted to appear disgusted. He shook his raven hair over his face and looked down at me.

He moved close to my ear and said, "The other guy is here. Besides, the human's probably ready to die in your service. You aren't even partially satisfied, are you?"

"Well, no, not really." I moaned as he ran his fingers over me nipples.

"I'll go tell him the situation, and he'll come and get you. Poor boy, I'll miss the opportunity to make him submit."

A chill went up my spine as I looked into his eyes and he let a wave of gold flow over them.

"You're done, boy. Get out of her before you get yourself killed," Dom smiled.

Matt laughed. "Look, guy. I can't just pull out. I need to..." Dominic laughed too, but only for a moment.

Deadly serious, Dom grumbled, "You don't get it. I'm not the one you should be worried about. If you value your life, you'll get out."

Matthew pulled as far out of me as the swelling would allow and shivered slightly. I felt his cock shrink and it slid right out. He backed away and nodded to me in a `this isn't over' way. I stretched on the table and rolled onto my side. Dominic was truly, painfully aroused by the bulge in his pants, but he didn't make a move for me. My voracious twat vibrated between my legs. It needed constant filling. Why? He smiled that sexy subtle smile, and I started to moan softly. Even his promise of three days of pussy numbing fun didn't guarantee to make my insides stop the droning for a big fat dick. I pulled myself together enough to be escorted up to my rooms to change. The come slid down my legs as I climbed the stairs with my own steam. Dominic made sure that I didn't fall, but gave me a lot of room. I suddenly felt very sleepy.

"You should rest. He'll see you when you've got enough strength to survive...."

I mumbled, "Survive what?" He carried me the rest of the way up to my room. 

END...To be continued.