 (not much sex in this one)

I dreamed I was running through a pasture. The sheep were bleating in fear as I gained on them and stretched out my neck to make contact with a leg. The ewe tumbled and I hopped cleanly over her rolling body. I tore at her throat until I tasted the blood in my mouth. I opened the body and devoured as much flesh as my belly would quickly allow. I heard a noise in the underbrush and I curved my body to appear larger. A black wolf entered the pasture with a smooth curve of a jump over the fence. He circled me and I found myself backing away from my kill. No, it was mine. I forced myself to growl, but it came out as a warble. I lowered my head and flashed my teeth at him. He raised his head and glanced sideways at me. I dropped away. A gray male entered and took my kill from the black. I could only watch as they ate my food in front of me. The gray came forward and urinated in my face. The superior scent of him made me tingle in my pussy.

No, the jerk stole my kill. I don't.... I need to be serviced. I've got to be filled. I jogged off with my tail down as he followed. He sniffed and licked my sex. He had to know the heat would overtake me at any time. He would mount me and I would be his bitch. I felt my tail curve around my opening. I was responding to his offer. I ran. I forced myself to go as fast and as far as I could. He wasn't the one. He wasn't the alpha. He had no right to mount me. I felt my lungs tingle as I reached the far end of the pasture. He caught my leg and I dropped to the ground. He smelled me again and went to grab my neck. I felt the weight of him as he tried to enter me. Suddenly, I was rolling on the grass alone. I jumped to my feet. The gray looked toward the trees on the other side of the fencing. A massive creature stared at us. The flame red fur flashed in the moonlight. The black made a break for freedom and was stopped by a howl. The two males raised their heads and joined in. I found myself answering the call.

The giant red thing soared over the barrier between us. It was a wolf, wasn't it? He looked more like a bear. He looked down at me and sat down.

His tail swished over the grass as he reviewed the males. He put his nose to the ground and made a frightening snort.

'The south will come forward,' the deepest voice I'd ever heard flowed gently in my mind.

The gray wolf slinked forward and prostrated himself in front of the bear-wolf. A massive paw nearly covered him up.

'Go home, dog. The bitch is not of your pack. Be happy with the family you have.'

The wolf sprang forward off of the ground into a sprint. He disappeared into the darkness so quickly, I was sure it swallowed him. The wolf left behind warbled and chattered his teeth at the large male. He stood up and shook his head from side to side. When he fluffed up his fur, he slowly made his dominance clear by letting a thick stream of golden piss land in front of the black's feet. The raised leg went far above my head. The black curved himself into a respectable cower and let out a series of whimpers.

'I accept you, my dog. Prepare for my coming. I will not need much to mount my bitch.'

The black wolf dropped his head in a nod and backed away.

The creature raised his nose in the air again and voiced, 'I always did enjoy the smell of a good female.' He crouched down to eye level with me. The swirling gold and silver of his eyes drew me closer.

'The sweetness of her sex mingled with sweat of her exertion makes me take notice. I took that scent before. When it was brought to me, I rejoiced in her awakening. The fear was that it would never happen.'

He rounded my rear and made the unsettling snort again.

'Yes, you are prime. I must pay you a visit. Will you allow it?'

In my mind, I screamed, 'You'll split me in two!'

'It will be well. You just need to trust me. How could I ever hurt you? Even now, you fight the desire to be ridden. In some recess of your mind, you hope I fill that troublesome place of yours as only I can.'

I woke up in a sweat. The image of that massive hair covered cock and balls kept appearing every time I closed my eyes to sleep. I finally decided to go down to the kitchen and see if I could eat. When I got there, I found Dom sitting in the dark. I left the light off and offered myself by standing near him.

"I won't stand in his way," he softly said. His hand went to my inner thigh and it drew circles down toward my knee.

"Louis? I won't..."

"Rousseau. I won't stand in his lordship's way."

"I haven't even met him, yet. What if I don't want to be with him?"

"You will. And you know about me, now. Why would you want to stay?"

I shook my head at him for his fatalism and left him to sulk. My crotch continued to complain to me about it not getting any action, so I went back up and decided to pacify it for a little while. I pressed a finger into my tight hot hole and was greeted by a squeeze. I ran my thumbs over my nipples and watched them rise. What did my dream mean? Did I need a guy that could keep me stretched out? I forced my opening as wide as I could with two fingers and moved my hips in pleasure. I pulled my breast upward and stroked my bud with my thumb. I just had to come, but it didn't work.

I couldn't get there. I'm definitely a penetration girl. I needed something inside me. I finally got to sleep by spreading my legs in front of the open window. The breeze was soft but still inviting.

When I woke up, I covered up in my favorite velvet robe and stretched.

Dominic greeted me and stopped in his tracks when he caught the heady scent of my heat.

"Okay, get a hold of yourself. You've got to meet him down stairs. If you respond correctly, he'll take you right there in front of the humans."

The thought scared me. Some guy I don't know was gonna just throw me down and fuck me. Would he be rough like Louis?

"You probably won't act right, though. You're too reserved."

"Too reserved? I think I can get down when I feel like it."

"We'll see when we get down to dinner."

Dominic watched me bathe and change for dinner. I was just finishing my hair when, he requested that I wear my blue one shouldered dress. The embroidered bodice accented my narrow waist and the curve of my thighs. Yes, it would certainly be over dressing, but who wouldn't want a piece of me? The royal blue made my skin shine in that way only a beautiful dark black woman can shine. Dominic moved to kiss me, but I moved toward the door without allowing it. I felt him behind me as I flowed down the stairs. As I made the turn to go into the dining room, I froze. It was silent. The people weren't speaking, fucking, or laughing like usual.

Dominic took my arm and guided me the rest of the way to the door. His grip loosened as I shook off my reticence and strode through the open door. Ryan had his face cast down at his plate. Everyone else glanced sideways, but didn't acknowledge my entrance. I turned to the head of the table and held my breath.

The largest, most handsome, most awe inducing man I'd ever seen rose and smiled at me. His oxblood hair was pulled neatly behind his ears as he ran a graceful hand over it. I couldn't speak. I couldn't move. His oval face set in a slight frown as he surveyed the table.

He cleared his throat and softly said, "Let's all relax. You seem to think I'm meant to kill you all. I've only come to bring her home. I lay no claim to your family or challenge any for dominance, yet you treat me like I'm a scourge." His words were so precise that it sounded almost British. He sat back down as I slid into an empty chair farthest from him. I felt his eyes on me as he picked up his fork to eat.

"Our apologies, Lordship," Ryan quietly smiled.

The fear over, Karen grabbed Ryan's shoulder and asked if he'd like some peas. He declined, but gave her breast a squeeze for breaking the tension. I wondered how long they'd been sitting in silence with my.... With that man. He wasn't my any thing. I looked at the rib roast at the center of the table as I finished my soup. Of course, it was extremely rare in the center. The slices were offered by Ryan to the stranger first and then to everyone else. I looked at the blood trail leaking from the slice on my plate and I grew ill. The huge guy pushed his plate forward and stood up. Ryan immediately stood with him.

His lordship shook his head in disapproval and said, "I am not a vampire. I prefer my meat bloodless or cooked properly."

"My lord," Ryan sheepishly asked, "what do you require for this meal? We can supply it. Veronica is an excellent cook..."

Rousseau shook his head, "She is also without the knowledge. I will choose from this herd. Furnish the appropriate rooms."

Ryan pleaded. "But, master, these are not prey! They are my friends..."

"Are they yours?" His green gold orbs searched my face. "Are they your friends as well?"

I tried not to get lost in the swirling lights of him when I said, "They are." Sort of.

"A good answer. To be honest, I won't be eating for a few days. I've gorged on the fat cattle on the way. The thought of one more morsel makes me sick. I just thought I'd see if you were attached to them. It's not good to be surrounded by no one."

He left the dinner with two more courses to go. I sat as long as I could in the room to think of my strategy. The others left me there. I couldn't just present my ass to a guy like that. He seemed too smart. Maybe, just my proximity would give him the idea. That way, I wouldn't have to act like the dick hungry bitch that I am. I met James on the path to the pool.

He was wiping his mouth with his shirt. When he got close enough, he pulled me in and shoved his tongue in my mouth.

"I see you've just gotten a healthy dose of sperm," I laughed.

"Oh, yeah. That Dominic is a very bad dominant, but he sure can fuck my face when he feels like it."

"So, are you an item, now?"

"Yes, definitely. I think he's given up on mating you. You're too demanding." His smile was so wide.

"I am, aren't I? I need cock all of the time. He's got a business to take care of, and..."

"You keep him from it. Right. He enjoyed being with you when he could think of you as a tight little ass. He couldn't do it after a few times. I'd have tried harder, myself."

"Thanks for the sympathy, Jimmy, but I needed more than partial attention."

"So, you've chosen my cousin, then?"

"He is very intimidating. I'll have to get back to you on that."

"You lying little bitch," he smiled. "You were hooked the instant you felt the silence in that room. I would be too, if I were in to that."

"I'm not hooked. I..." I couldn't think of what I was. I'd known him for only a few hours.

I gave James a squeeze and went toward the pool. Karen had a marvelous flush across her pale breasts as that new black man was giving her the once over. He had clearly chosen her as his favorite. I smiled as he acknowledged me and cupped her enormous breasts. The splashing and smiling made me feel extremely alone. I sat down and watched Ryan enjoying Veronica's full mouth around the head of his penis. The stretch of her lips as she went farther down fascinated me. Was this what I looked like? He let out a low moan and caressed her ear. To belong would be so good. I knew, with Dominic's choice of James, I would be relegated to the outskirts of the little group. He'd made it clear. Even Matthew, the man made specially for me, had been sent away. This mystery Rousseau hadn't said a word directly to me, but I knew he was filthy rich and full of etiquette. His lordship, ha. I shivered at the thought of going off with him. Would he even know what to do? I looked down at my skin and thought of slave trading days. Would I become a house slave or a mistress for the lord of the manner and his legitimate family? Perhaps, I was getting ahead of myself. I mean, he hadn't had the opportunity to talk to me yet. He strolled into the moonlight on the far end of the pool. His eyes glowed as he looked over the group of people. He'd been here for two days, at least, but he didn't smile or make eye contact with anyone. His stern face made me unsure. Should I just walk over and say hi? Veronica walked over and put a hand on his shirt. His body tensed and I knew I didn't want to approach him. I didn't even want to see what his response to her obvious offer would be. I went toward the barn. Maybe a ride would give me a little of what I needed. I opened the door and was greeted with the raised heads and ears of my prospective mounts. I went into the tack room and changed into my riding clothes. The jeans and t-shirt weren't new, so I didn't care if I got them dirty. When I was ready, with my boots on, I went back out to make my choice. I picked my favorite mare, Brunei. She had the almost protruding lower lip of the lazy Mongolian pony head and the pronounced powerful quarters of a thoroughbred. She wasn't the prettiest, but she was mine. 

I bought her with my own money, and she knew where the peppermints were hidden. She snorted and nudged my body to get at the side pocket with the prize. She nearly jumped for joy as I slid the bit into her mouth and ran the reigns over her neck. She chewed and swished her tail as I guided her slowly out to the moonlight. The warmth of her brown neck pressed against my arm as I stopped to make sure the coast was clear. She was eager to run. I hopped up onto her back and she knew what pleased me. She launched into a casual canter as soon as my butt hit the saddle. The field was free in the soft light of the half moon. I let the air cleanse my lungs as she covered the grass leading to the riding trail I'd decided on. The shrubbery was low, so I wouldn't get any surprises. Brunei would be fine as well. Her field of vision would be clear. Her legs stretched for the gravel and slid as I pulled her up. She protested my heavy hand and I apologized softly by giving her a rub on the neck. I could have sworn I saw something on the other side of the fences. I strained my eye to see as far as I could. There was nothing. I urged my horse on again and it was her turn to halt so fast that I nearly pitched forward over her head. Louis looked up at me.

"You really shouldn't be out here so late at night. Your mate should have you under lock and key by now. Any smart dog could just make off with you."

All I saw of him was the outline of his eyes and his broad smile. I soothed Brunei. He took control of her head and gripped my ankle.

"Don't bother to make a sound. My power is absolute. I think you know that. Just let my friends get you off to my queen."

I am such an idiot. Dominic was so worried about Rousseau that the perimeter guard had become lax. What could I do? I opened my mouth and screamed as loud as I could. Louis shoved me over to fall into the waiting arms of one of his men. He spoke in a series of barks and yelps. I didn't quite understand, but I knew it wasn't good. He looked into my face and smiled again.

"Nobody can hear this far away. Not even a wolf. It came out like a whisper, just as I'd planned. Good girl." He gave me a soft pat on the top of my head. "Take her to the van."

End

To be continued...