 Dominic raised his head and listened again. He heard the whisper of a scream as he got out of the shower. It tugged at his brain as he got dressed quickly. He went outside and looked in that direction. He smelled Ellen, but he wasn't sure if it was her scream. His ears had been full of water at the time. He caught movement in the corner of his eye. Lord Rousseau was looking in the same direction. The calm in his shining eyes was unsettling. He held Veronica by her wrist lifted nearly off of her feet. He looked down at the squealing woman and dropped her to the ground. He turned and nodded in Dominic's direction. He knew that the new man had heard her too. He wasn't going crazy. He summoned James with a simple bark and the three went for the sound. He went first to the stable, which had horses. He looked for a missing horse. She'd have taken that one. He tried to think of where she would have gone. Louis. The minute the Rousseau entered the house, Louis had become uneasy. The relinquishment of power was a relief for Dom. For the other alpha, it had been painful. Rousseau had dropped Louis to submit with a single glance. The fear had shown everyone who was the one true alpha. Dominic had simply dropped to his knees and allowed the brush of the large man to acknowledge the position above. Louis snarled and snapped his teeth in challenge even though he was face down before him. The southern wolf had made sure he was a shadow after that. Rousseau tapped idly at the empty stall door. The new name plate still had the plastic protective film on it. Brunei. The short round mutt of a horse that Ellen had been so proud to buy. He should have known. He followed his larger leader. The red head went directly to the mare. She chewed grass in the field. She'd strolled back after Ellen was taken. The horse held no scent not even Ellen's rich prime smell. They'd wiped the horse down. The bigger Rousseau walked slowly toward the east path.

"I've lost the scent," Dominic admitted. "Where are you going?"

"I haven't," the alpha softly replied. "The girl's just been here."

"Cousin," James whispered, "you can't think that you smell her when she's probably far down the road by now."

"I know who has her and where they'll go. I don't need to smell her. I hear her."

***

I felt my fingers along the kennel to find a way to get out. I managed to turn over my identification tag. They'd labeled me as a vicious dog. No one would get close enough for me to moan my cry for help. A moan was all I could manage with the hard thing they'd strapped to my mouth. I curled up in the fur coat they'd put in with me. At least I wouldn't freeze. The flight was quick. There must have been something to make me sleep in the water. The next thing I noticed was when I was carried out to another vehicle. The sky was so bright, I decided to sleep some more. I heard Louis as he ordered someone to let me out and bathe me. I licked my chapped lips. They'd removed that awful gag. I was not to be mistreated. I was a breeder, whatever the hell that was. Like with horses and cattle? The breeders got the best of everything, because they were popping out the next generation. So I've got the better characteristics to breed. Oh, this was bad. I tried to spring out of the cage and run for cover, but my legs wouldn't work. They cramped up and I was dragged back into a dark dirt floored room.

"Hold on, bitch. Nobody's gonna hurt you. I'm just gonna get you some clothes, 'kay?"

I turned around to see a pretty little light skinned black girl. She pointed me toward a spout high up in the corner of the room.

"Just stand on the stones and I'll turn on the water. Wow, you sure are tall. You're almost as tall as our Stella. Your a prime, aren't you? That's why King Louis spent so much time away from the beds."

I shook my head as she let the coldest water known to man to drop down.

"Stella's been waiting for Louis to accept her invitation to rule. If you're his on the side, you'll get more than most of us. Just play it like you like him a little and it's all gravy."

The shorter girl made sure my face and twat were clean before giving me a towel to dry with. She seemed disappointed to not find semen. She gripped my breasts hard enough to make me yelp.

"Oh, I get it. You're coming out of heat soon. I'll get you some pads when you need them. How long's your cycle?"

I massaged my abnormally heavy painful breasts and croaked, "a few days." It was about time for my period, unless I was pregnant.

"Huh, that's short. Not much of a human line in you. We'll just keep you clean until the heat comes around again."

If I was pregnant, who was the father? I was dressed and taken to a small room. A slight white man with very blond hair came in and sat down next to me. He looked in my eyes and said, "You're in Louisiana, now. No your not pregnant. No. I'm not an alpha, so I won't be doing that. I know I can read your thoughts. That's why I'm here. Relax. Stop bombarding me with thoughts. Really! Why don't you try to speak. That's why I was sent. To assess your voice."

"I was gagged and stored in a box," I rattled out slowly.

"Yes, Louis can be a bit over zealous. You wouldn't have come quietly. Who is coming for you?"

"Nobody. They probably don't know I'm gone."

"Dominic, Ryan, James, and...Rousseau? No, it has to be James Rousseau. Your mind is funny," he smiled.

"Okay," I let him hear. My voice was getting better, but I needed to learn to shut him out of my head fast.

"Don't struggle. I've done this for years." His confidence made me sick. Think about something else. I thought of Brunei and our rides together.

"You won't be doing that anymore. The king is sure to keep you indoors. The place we live in is very large. You may never see the light of day."

I took in a deep breath and willed away the gnawing in my stomach. The mind reader doubled over and then straightened quickly. He looked me up and down and moved away.

"Don't do that. I could have guessed you'd be hungry, but..."

"This is enough. You haven't given me anything new. Who is he, Ellen," Louis commanded.

"Rousseau. His name is Rousseau," was all I knew.

"That's all she knows, you're lordship. Red hair....?"

Louis looked at me with a curious look. He did have the oddest color I'd ever seen. The richest of reds with a hint of brown to make me think of coagulated blood. Like that chocolaty blood pudding Ryan had given me that first time.

"Get her ready for Stella." He made no effort to hide his anger. I hadn't gotten to know him the way I should have. It worked well for me. If I didn't know, this guy couldn't hurt my chances of getting away. The scrawny guy left and I was oiled on all of the visible parts of my body. I was then subjected to a series of women combing out my braids. They commented on how thick and tangled it was. I responded with a request to do it myself. They proceeded to drag every bobby pin and decorative hair clip out of my head. My head buzzed with the pain. They gave me two simple ponytails, which made me feel like I was three or something. I was then shoved into a circle of men. They escorted me to a large hall. The marble tile along the walls made me wonder how old the place was. The guards parted to show me a seated woman. Her thin frame was draped with an oversized shirt and a skirt that covered her toes. She seemed to be older than me, but I couldn't say by how much.

"Your name," slid dismissively through her lips.

I wasn't sure if I was allowed to speak. A nudge by one of the guards told me it would be to my advantage.

"My name is Ellen Beauvais Franklin."

"Beauvais, I can place. You have cousins here. Franklin, I'm not sure."

"I...was married."

"You are of Louis' pack, now. As he is, so you will be."

I looked her directly in her eyes and said, "No."

"What did you say?"

"I said no."

Her mouth curled up into a menacing smile. She stood over me and reached out her hand. I moved away by instinct. She forced the issue and squeezed my cheeks as she pulled me forward.

"Are we feeling a bit crazy, today? I don't think you get why you're here."

"I'm supposed to be his bitch. I'm nobody's bitch. I won't choose him. He's not..."

I felt her fingers pinch together and my mouth hang open. She glanced in my mouth and then pushed my face away.

"You have no teeth to speak that way. You followed his command. He is your master."

I couldn't stop from saying, "No. I'm not in heat, and he's not my master. You know he kidnapped me. Let me go home."

"Home? This is your home."

"No, it's not."

"You think you're hot stuff, girl. You're not. You'll respect me and my king, or you'll be taught to submit. You don't know who I am. You do as you're told."

"I can't. He just doesn't do it for me," I tried to laugh off.

"Maybe, you should stay with the new ones. They'd like you. How many wolves have you serviced at once? Two, maybe three?"

"I don't service anyone."

"You will tonight. The freshly changed are very unpredictable. They're fun for me. They may show you your place."

"But, I'm not in heat..."

"Do you think they even know the difference?" She laughed at me with genuine contempt.

"I bleed! You can't make me do..."

"Take her to the change pit. She'll feel the privilege I give."

I was thrown down into a heavily guarded room. There were four men and two women. A black man and three white ones were toward the back. I immediately stood up as tall as I could. The men seemed to bore into my clothing. The women, both white, glanced up at me as if they were angry. Obviously, they enjoyed the situation they were in. They ground on the laps of the black man and the lucky white one. The men that were left grabbed my arms and forced me to the floor. I shoved them away easily.

"A bad way to greet a volunteer," one of them hissed.

The other one grabbed a pigtail and yanked me to a submissive crouch.

"It's not so bad. Just let it happen. We need it."

The one that spoke opened his pants. I saw a well formed cock that pointed at me. I struggled to get back up.

"Mike, show the bitch, before I have to hurt her."

"We've been bitten. It's part of the process. You need to relieve the pain. So do we. You help our pain go away and you'll get yours fixed, too. Those bitches don't mind it. Why do you?"

"I'm not a whore," I yelled.

Mike pulled down my pants as the other guy got a better grip on my arms and laid me on my back. Mike moved over me and slid himself inside. The dryness hurt. He moved quickly. It was done so fast that I wasn't sure if he'd come. He moved away and the other one moved to take his turn. I looked at the redness of me covering Mike's member. He smiled as I was entered again. This time it really hurt. His massive cock thrust in me as I tried to force him off. I felt my menstrual flow leak out onto the bare floor. The others moved around me. The smell of the blood and my cries drew them to touch my body. I sank my teeth into a hand. The person pulled away and I was struck. I was turned to my side and impaled. My ass felt something rubbing against it. A hard thing entered my sphincter before I had a chance to react. I squealed and tried to force them out. With a cock in me as well, I didn't do much of a job. I was stuck with a dick up my ass as a man used my pussy. I couldn't stop the pain as the steel hard rod started to move. I clawed behind me at the eyes of my rear attacker, but he pushed in further. I looked around wildly. 

There were doors that led into this room. They would send in more. If I didn't do something, I might have to start gagging on some filthy stinky cock. I then switched my attention to trying to hurt the man in my pussy. I shoved my fist into his neck and he immediately lost his erection. He pulled away as he worked for every breath. I was done with the submissive little bitch crap. These jerks had no right to be near me let alone inside me. I forced my head back fast enough to smack him in the forehead. He let loose his grip enough for me to move his cock out of me. I slammed my arm into his neck and he fell down. I felt a pair of arms around my chest. I turned and jumped away in a crouch. As they came toward me, I felt this rush of blood going through my brain. I sank my teeth into a neck as I kicked another in the face. I moved back again to see my effect. He slid to the floor with his hand on his neck. The blood oozed out slowly to cover his shirt. I felt nauseous as I watched his face grow pale. Mike, the one that had tried to reason with me, moved to the far wall. He muttered words I didn't have time for. I needed to assert myself. I stood up and grabbed him by the neck. He whimpered and I shoved him aside. The others watched me pace back and forth in front of the body. I had this urge to pee. I didn't want to, but there was no where else to go. I went to a corner and felt the sting as it flowed over my labia and down my leg.

I had wanted to squat, but the muscles down there were still stretched from the penetrations. At my scent, they responded by dropping down on their bellies.

'That's right! You show the respect. I don't do it like that!'

I heard myself growling. It scared me. The main door opened. The large guards moved to challenge me and I stood over the body. They moved the newly changed quickly out of the room. Stella would be informed. The bitch would have to deal with me.

***

Dominic let out a sigh and resisted his urge to kiss the ground. After all of these years, he'd never gotten used to the sickness he felt when in the air. James and the Rousseau were unaffected or good actors. He pulled his short jacket open and shook his legs slightly as they walked through the terminal. They hadn't spoken the whole way. There was nothing to talk about. Rousseau was the alpha. James gave him a concerned look and went back to focusing on the people in their way. That young man had changed his life. The minute he saw him, he knew. He'd drawn out the same feeling that Ellen had, and it was scary. Rousseau pointed out toward the doors and tended to the inspectors that seemed extremely interested in him. Dominic had managed a smile and passed through. James emptied his pockets and was allowed through. Rousseau was singled out. He calmly spoke to a man that had pulled him aside.

'Walk out and get on your way to her.' The precise words gave no doubt to his master's desire.

The man ran a wand over his long coat and called another man over. They looked over toward Dominic. He grabbed James by his hand and pulled him away from any attempt to get them detained too. He resisted for only a few seconds. What was in his coat? It didn't matter. Hopefully, they two alone could get her out before they were killed. He opened the nearest cab door and said, "Now listen carefully. This means a lot of money to you..."

***

They treated me gingerly as they moved me to the far corner. My shredded clothes clung to the blood on me as I moved to let them capture me. I wasn't cleaned or given food or water. They dragged me through the hall as I was. Stella nearly jumped on me as I moved into her chamber.

"What have you done!?!"

She struck my cheek and went for my throat. I raised my legs and took her neck between my bloody thighs. I'd sat over a body for the last two hours. She must have thought I'd be tired, or those men were strong enough to keep me down.

"You think I'm gonna spread my legs for any man. I won't. If I didn't want your man, why would I let some thug touch me?"

I squeezed my emphasis then dropped her down to the ground. When she caught her breath, she yelled, "Put her in a room with no light! She gets no food until she comes around. Water will be given only when she submits to one of you. The one she gives herself to will be rewarded by a night inside me. No force. You've seen she's strong enough to be a queen. But, she's not, so don't show her any respect."

End

To be Continued...