 Ron Franklin sat in his office. He'd just finished reminiscing about one of his favorite times with Ellen with his blinds closed. A knock came and he hid the tissue in his top drawer. He unlocked and opened the door as if he hadn't been wanking off on company time. An underling told him there was someone he needed to see. Xavier brushed his way in. He made himself comfortable at the desk.

"Look, you. I've found your girl. The price's risen, though. We've complications."

"What kind of complications?"

"You never said she was missing out of upstate New York. There's a guy looking for her. Hell, I'd kick your ass myself, but I'd rather watch what he does to you," he leaned back in the chair.

"Ha! You can't be serious. How would you get your money?" Ron flustered.

"Did you take a fifteen year old from her family?"

"It wasn't like that. I was young then, too. We ran away...."

"It wasn't her choice, was it? She was promised. You knew that," Xavier pointed over Ron's desk.

"Who does that anymore? She married me. She was my wife! What was I supposed to do, not fuck her?"

"Little punk, you'd better own up to it, or they'll get you."

Ron straightened up and said, "Just tell me where she is now, and I'll go get her."

"I found her in Missouri, but she's not there anymore. Another group's involved. You wouldn't survive ten minutes..."

"Damn it, I want her, so spill it."

"Did you just snap at me? I don't think I heard that right." Xavier stood over the thin man and cocked his head to the side.

"Okay," Ron whimpered with his hands raised. There was a group outside the window, now. He'd have to calmly get the man to leave. "Where is she?"

"She's in northern Louisiana. You go there and be a dead man."

*

I felt the scratchiness of the blood drying on my skin. I fell asleep in the hole they'd put me in. A straw mat and a bucket were my only furnishing. I heard voices above me.

"Just give her a few days and she'll be hungry."

"Look man, she could just kill you an' eat you, bra. Let's just feed her. She's a queen. Some alpha's gonna come for her, you know how it goes."

"Our duty is to our queen. She says she starves. We don't feed her."

"Okay, I'll wait until tomorrow. Maybe the rage is over an' she'll just be cool. We feed her then, right?"

"I won't let her die down there, but Stella...."

"What about Louis?"

"He's not her mate. You heard what she said."

*

"We're sorry to have detained you, ...." the investigator tried to get a name out of him.

"Rousseau. I see no point in this. I wasn't carrying any weapons."

"You have a first name?"

"Yes, doesn't everyone? It‘s on my ticket and the ID in my wallet."

"We need it to run a background check."

"For what reason? I pose no threat. I have all of the necessary paperwork for the ceremonial sword. It‘s completely dull…"

Another thin man came in and shut the door. "Bonjour, Monsieur Rousseau. So, we meet again."

"As if it matters," he said as he rubbed at the handcuff that held him to the table. "I have someone I am supposed to be meeting."

"You don't remember me do you. I'm sure you wouldn't. I knew your cousin better than you."

Rousseau pulled off a heavy sigh, "This is unlawful imprisonment. You kept me here to be seen by this...."

"Where is my wife?"

He looked directly into his interrogators eyes and said, "I wouldn't know where your wife is. I would like to call my attorney."

"Good. You know what to do when you don't want to talk," the one that knew him hissed.

"I beg your pardon?"

"You know where my girl is. You're gonna tell me. The high and mighty prince, huh? Yeah, your mama fed you a lot, but you don't remember too well. You think back, monsieur. Think about the family gatherings. The unrelated males area. You got to watch through the binoculars as I played with her. The way she smiled and laughed. You had to know what was happening. You didn't want that. Not for your future wife. You people have one nutty family."

Rousseau scoffed, "You don't know me at all, do you? You would know that I never went to a family gathering. I'm too much of an alpha to be even that close."

The thin man launched over the table and grabbed at Rousseau's coat. "You liar! I saw you. I saw your hair! How can you lie? Why did they put you guys up there anyway? You're a bunch of perverts aren't you? Sitting up there and undressing little girls with your eyes."

"Little boy, let go before..."

"Before what? I hold the cards! I can have you strip searched if I feel like it and there's nothing a request for an attorney can do about it."

"You will let me go," he spoke softly. Ron shook his head and whined, "No, I won't."

Ron's hands slid down to hang free over the table. He moved back and straightened his shirt. He looked down at the floor.

"Where is my wife?! Where is my Ellen?" He seemed to implode from just saying her name out loud.

"She's not your wife anymore." Rousseau's plain words fortified him a little.

Ron pointed at him, "Where is she? You have no right to take her like that."

"This from a man who kidnapped a fifteen year old girl."

"Ron?" The previously silent investigator moved forward. "Look, I'm already stretching the rules a bit to have you here. You better not be involved in some..."

Ron hissed, "Look, man. I didn't kidnap anyone."

"You took her away and married her. She wasn't even interested in you," Rousseau sighed.

"She loved me! She wanted to leave with me. How would you know?"

"You think I don't know what you did? I'm the one that allowed them to tell you she was promised to me. I let you take her that night. If I had known you wanted to wipe out her past, I'd have forced her to change that night. It might have hurt her, but at least she'd have known who she was."

"What are you talking about?" The other man pointed at Rousseau and asked, "You're saying you would've raped a fifteen year old girl?"

Rousseau bristled, "No, I never said that. Just my presence would have made her turn. I wanted to wait until she was twenty at least to introduce myself. Her body would have matured by then. He couldn't wait for her to be old enough to understand. It would spoil his plans. He took her to be married. To shape her."

Ron looked at the other man, "I never did anything to her that she didn't let me do."

"I'm tired of this, Ron," Rousseau clasped his fingers together in a tent, "You don't know me. Stop painting me as some pedophile, when you're the one to worry about. She left you without my help. You know that. Why am I still here?"

"You smug bastard! She's mine! Give her back!"

"Even if I sent her back, she'd know about you. She doesn't want you anymore. Let it go."

"Ron," the friend growled, "you told me she was in danger. It doesn't sound like that's the case. She's with this guy now, isn't she?"

Rousseau corrected the man, "No, she isn't with me. I came down here to see if she wanted to..."

"I knew you'd know where she is," Ron let the words hiss out.

Ignoring Ron‘s satisfaction, Rousseau addressed the investigator, "Did this one tell you that he was convicted for raping her? You just gave him access to stalk an innocent woman. I won't even mention what Dominic told me about your whole birth control fiasco."

The two humans stood silent as Rousseau cracked the cuffs off easily. He stood up and walked out of the room.

As an afterthought, he said, "I could've snapped your little neck at anytime. You were perfect for her first time. That's what you should have been. Nothing more. Back then, your eagerness was admirable. Now, I see it for what it is. A predatory drive. Who would've thought it would bore into you like that."

He looked specifically at Ron and smiled, "I should sue this place, but I don't think this'll happen again. She'll be seeing you on her terms or not at all."

***

It had been too easy to drift into the compound. Dominic showed James the way to go. They crossed through the forest and passed the simple guards without much effort. Dominic's perception of the mental power that could come made him very cautious. He felt the roving scan as it reached out. That was more like it. He could easily make their minds seem as though two deer were standing by the fence. The ones he couldn't feel were the real danger. They scaled the fence and blended with the visiting humans.

"I can't believe they think this is a game. The retreat idea can bring in a lot of money," James whispered to him.

"These sheep have probably severed all ties to their families. They believe in the concept of eternal youth through sex. All Stella has to do is give them a taste. They get hooked to the power and offer themselves as a sacrifice. Try to blend in. They know what I look like, so I'll just get myself captured. I'll show you where I am, and when the man gets here, you'll lead him in to me."

"I don't like it. They might figure it out."

"You are far from ordinary, but they won't figure it out if you don't tell them."

He smiled at the younger man's obvious unfamiliarity with humans as he slipped into an interior corridor. Dominic was immediately spotted. Good. He would walk casually, as if they weren't behind him. He was surrounded quickly.

"Welcome back, dog," a familiar man pushed through the wall of dark wolves. "We've been expecting you. I'd have thought you'd have tried to disguise yourself."

"Louis, you should know that I'm not here for myself."

The inevitable question came from, Louis. "So where is he?"

"I haven't the faintest idea. You know he'll be coming," Dominic couldn't help but grin.

He was rewarded with an attempted blow to the chest. Dom had been ready for it. He slid smoothly aside and shoved the king to the ground. With out a word from Louis himself, Dominic was seized and held tight.

"He goes in with the newly changed. Those bitches should be good for a laugh. I mean, I have to keep him alive, don't I? But, I don't have to keep him healthy."

Dominic was stripped and taken to a special room. It was covered in a rubbery material from floor to ceiling. He was chained with a short tether to the farthest wall from the single door. A pot was furnished for his sanitation needs and he was left to wonder what they'd meant by not keeping him healthy. He sat down to wait for the newly changed. How bad could a bunch of women really be?

***

I heard a struggle above as I woke up from my drug induced sleep. The last time that happened, I was full of sperm. I felt below and I was sticky. I wondered which one of my captors had done me this time. What is it with putting me to sleep? It didn't scratch my itch at all. It just pissed me off. When I got up, I felt my hips had been gripped for a long time. I looked around and found a bowl of something that smelled like heaven. I guess it was the price I paid for the meal. It sat down on the stool that had been furnished and picked the stew up off of the floor. How long had I been here? I couldn't tell. It was always so dark. I felt that they had finally bathed me. My skin felt dry and clean. I brushed my fingers across a nipple to see if I had been satisfied. No. I tensed in my pussy as if I was just starting. I had to do it myself before I ate. I'd at least get a little release from the small come that I finally mustered. Damn, a girl's got to get some action in this hole. She needs to feel it or she goes crazy. After my meal, I yelled up to them that I'd be willing to let some guy ram it to me. The response was complete silence. I yelled up again. A far away face peered down at me and dropped down a ladder. I climbed up slowly and was greeted by a gun. I sat down on the edge of the hole and tried to get my painful eyes to adjust to the light.

"You were just done. Why would you want it again so soon?" A tall very black man smiled down at me as he waved the gun from eye to eye.

"I wasn't satisfied."

"Huh," he laughed. He squatted down and put the gun to one of my nipples. "You weren't supposed to be. It was for the man to be satisfied. You don't know shit about the world, huh?"

"I know more than you think. I know you've got nothing between your legs if you have to put it in a sleeping girl."

"Yo ain't nothin' but a bitch. With yo fancy words. You don't need nothin' but what you got," a shorter light skinned dog pointed at me. He was obviously the one that had done me. I could smell myself on him. He seemed to back away as I looked him over. He wouldn't do. Just by the hang of his pants, I knew there was nothing for me there. I sat up straight and arched my back until my head was inches from the floor and raised back up. The very dark one moved back as well to watch me stretch. I'd been in a confined space for too long. I turned to face them fully and spread myself for them.

"I ain't nothing but a bitch, huh?" I laughed at his obvious admiration, "Then, you don't know shit. I'm more than Stella. You can feel it. Anyone with a good sense of smell can smell it. I'm a young prime bitch. A pedigree among pedigrees. That's why I'm down here. Now, show me your cocks. I will be satisfied by you, or I'll get somebody else."

The reasonable one said, "Now hold on there. You don't have any control. You get us or nobody."

"Well, let's get this over with." Their response was immediate. They both shook their heads in the negative.

"What? Damn! What's a girl got to do to get some dick?"

The tall one said, "We won't be fuckin you anymore. You get nothing but Louis from now on. His orders. You asked for it, and you get him."

*** A tall man with a dark flowing coat strolled casually toward the gate. The hood of his coat shrouded all but the sunglasses that flashed in the floodlights on occasion. The guards confronted him with curiosity and then outright aggression. He stood quietly before them until they decided to speak to him.

"State your purpose." One of the two in front demanded.

He lowered his head more and said, "I am here to offer myself to the queen."

The guards visibly relaxed and one pulled out a clipboard.

"What do you offer the queen?"

"I offer what is rightfully hers." The man made a gesture which indicated his body.

"Huh, that's a good answer. How recently have you spoken to your family?"

"A few days."

"Your close relatives?"

"No, a distant cousin. I have no close family alive."

"Have you any diseases or physical abnormalities which can be passed on genetically?"

"Not that I know of," he smiled. "Other than a slight sensitivity to light. Hopefully, the queen will fix that."

"What money do you bring?"

"I bring what I have. Five hundred dollars in cash and nothing but the clothes on my back"

They searched him and spent extra time feeling the coat for hidden compartments.

"You will be allowed to give the queen her money and offer yourself. After that, if you are chosen, you will be bitten and put into a changing room for the customary three days. After you've ... worked off your new senses, you will be handed over for membership into the pack. You will be assigned a number and renamed. Do you agree to this?"

He seemed to consider the terms, then said, "I agree."

They all laughed at his hesitation. To get this far along the line, all rights had already been signed away. They let him casually follow them in toward the waiting queen. He was shown into a small darkened room and the tall thin Stella lounged on her bed. The guards announced they would be outside and departed. She looked up at the very tall man and commanded him to take off his coat so that she could get a better look at him. He smoothly revealed a dark gray shirt with a well fitting pair of pants, but didn't take the coat all the way off. The hood still shrouded his face.

"Do you taunt me?"

"I await my queen," was his response.

She showed a lot of her bright white teeth and said, "Wait no longer. I am the queen you seek."

He pulled his coat away to reveal the burning auburn that flowed over his shoulders and tossed it aside.

"Mmmm. You have very red hair, don't you. I used to know a man with red hair. He was so easy inside me. Will you be easy inside me? Show me your tribute."

He tossed the money at her feet.

"Not that one," she frowned. "Your penis. Let's see the merchandise."

The man acted as though he was going to open his pants then paused.

The queen appeared frustrated, "What are you doing? Take them down?"

He opened his fly and pulled out his flaccid cock. She seemed disappointed. Rousseau took off his sunglasses and said, "We won't be reminiscing, Stella."

"Da....Dara...."

"Do not speak the name. You have no protection from it." He shoved his member back into his pants and said, "For the record. You never had me, you never will."

She cowered from the flashing gold in his green eyes. "But, Possessor, I meant no disrespect. What brings you to us. We thought you dead...."

Rousseau held up a hand to stop her. "Do not bother with flattery, Stella. I don't care for deception. You knew who she was the instant she arrived. I want my queen. Now, Stella. I want to see how you've been respecting your superiors."

"But how was I to know that she was yours, Master Rousseau? You are supposed to be dead. I thought she belonged to some packless dog...."

"Bitch, do as I say before I bring this pit down over your head." His voice had been nothing but the most calm. She rushed out of the room and grabbed the nearest guard by the ear. Rousseau followed her frantic struggles to get a reception ready for him. When she appeared to be pleased with herself for getting the arrangements started, he reminded her of his queen.

"Oh, yes, Master Rousseau. I've sent someone to retrieve her."

"You'd better pray she's in good condition, bitch."

Stella bowed, "She's just fine. Just recently she's allowed a few men to keep her in good condition..."

"She doesn't require that kind of exercise. I'm not buying it."

They passed down into the changing rooms and stopped at a door.

"Do you want Severus as well? We've been testing his stamina."

A small window was opened for Rousseau to look inside. Dominic didn't turn to face the door. His hair and body was covered in blood and sweat. He growled warningly as his master walked toward him. He crouched over an obviously dead young woman. There were many new bitches, some exhausted and some on their way out, sprawled across the floor. The door was opened and Dominic looked at Rousseau.

"Master," he panted, "Make them stop. They keep coming in..."

Rousseau put a hand on Dom's shoulder and soothed, "Finish her up. She'll be your last for a while."

Rousseau surveyed the rest of the room. "You knew what he was and you put a bunch of humans in with him?"

"They aren't humans." Stella tried to defend herself. "They're just changed."

He gripped her wrist and tugged her away from the scene. "He's killed over half of them. They are too human for him. Clean up the dead and dying. The others should be taken to the hospital to check for internal injury. Did you think? What were you trying to accomplish?"

"Master, my king gave the order...."

He released her with a shove and said, "That's no excuse. And, my cousin? You'd better have a good story for his loss. Why are you still here?"

Stella broke into a flat run toward the back rooms. Rousseau watched as they picked up the bodies and saw what blood that was left flow out to the floor. He shook his head at the waste of a good meal. 

END To be continued