 Ron wiped the blood out of his goggles. It had been tougher than he'd thought to get to the front gate. He'd seen this place in a picture at Ellen's mother's. When he saw it from the adjacent hill, he knew this was the place. He hoisted the backpack full of ammunition higher onto his back and adjusted the X of bigger rounds across his chest. It would need to be a bloody battle. He'd had to put a bullet into Xavier once he'd figured out why Ron wasn't too afraid. He'd stolen silver from the family as well. If they thought they were werewolves, he'd oblige. Now, that silver would be used to wipe out a pack. That's if he had to do that. Once he was through to the main corridors it was easy to slip to the upper viewing deck for the thrown room. He'd wait for her to be viewed. They did that every once in a while to make sure the girls were breeding well. The first time he saw it, he nearly creamed his pants. They just spread a girls legs for the world to see. It got him horny just thinking about seeing his girl again. The crowd below seemed nervous and rushed. A table was set up and roasted meat and vegetables were placed on slabs of wood. A large fabric was draped over both massive chairs and giant bear skin was hung behind the thrones. The torches were all lit. Ron backed away from the light as he set up his gear. He was surprised no one had come up here. He saw a series of women line up and be inspected by a regal looking dark black woman.

"Not one of you look enough like her to fool him, damn it. Get out of my sight," she threw a plate of grapes in their direction and they scattered.

She summoned a man and shrieked, "Bathe her! Make sure she is fully awake! I can't have her seen covered in....Just do it!"

He saw the reason for the woman's nervous anger enter. Rousseau strolled in as if he owned the place. Ron resisted the urge to shoot the bastard. He would wait until he saw Ellen. Killing the guy as she watched would really reestablish their relationship. He would be master again. He'd take her as the jerks blood covered her beautiful body. He moved farther back into the darkness as Rousseau turned and looked directly at him. No, he couldn't possibly be able to see him all the way up here.

*** I was escorted at gunpoint to a shower. I washed all of the dirt and sperm from me that I could. Those torturous women with the combs and brushes came in next. They nearly tore off my scalp. I snatched a comb and brush from them and growled. They left me to work on my own head. The two ponytails were tangled from the uncountable days that I had been in that stupid pit. I got back into the shower and washed my hair out. I braided it in two neat plaits going down to my nape. The French braid was like a crown that would last for a few days. They'd left me a soft white shirt and linen pants to wear. The shirt tickled my breasts as I pulled it straight against my body. The women came back in, I was given a pair of flat sandals, and my hands and feet were oiled. More gunmen greeted me at the door and I was taken toward Stella's chambers. I tried not to show my fear, but my legs refused to move as we got closer. The cocking of the gun nearest my back made me move slowly. We passed Stella's place and I continued to walk. Was I going to Louis? He answered my question when his voice stopped the stopped the procession.

"Where are you taking my bitch?"

One of the guard hesitantly said, "We take her to the meeting room...."

Louis demanded to know, "Why?"

Another one said, "It is at the queen's request."

"Why is she dressed? This bitch isn't to be dressed until..."

The guard responded firmly this time, "My king, she gave express orders to have her fully clothed and shod."

Louis parted the guard and put his hand on my head. I moved away and my reward was a hand to my breast. He looked me directly in the eye as he made the nipple respond through the softness of the top.

"Whatever the queen wants you for won't take long. I'll go with you, so that I get you right after that."

His touch was not out of admiration. It was to affirm that I was more than ready for a good hard stroking. He held his grasp on my breast as we turned corners and were moved to a wide corridor. I could smell the outside air. I knew I'd be dead before I got two steps, so I stayed on the set course. A massive carved door opened to a wide table. Stella sat nude with her legs together and her hands clasped. She looked up at Louis and shook her head at him.

"Husband, let her go," her voice quivered. Something really had her spooked.

He dropped his hand quickly and said, "Stella, you know you said I can do whatever I want with my bitches."

"That's the thing. She's definitely not your bitch. You've got a hundred other ones..."

"You're takin my bitch? Just when I've broken her down...."

"Louis watch your tongue. You should have told me she belonged to someone else."

Louis scowled, "That doesn't matter. She's here with me. What difference would it make?"

Stella looked at me and seemed to be afraid when she said, "It matters when the Unnamed is her mate."

"Give it up, Stell. He's been gone since before I was born. She's mine," He laughed and went to grab Stella. She shoved him away.

A bell sounded as a side door opened. James peeked in and raced straight for me. I was scooped up and squeezed before I could acknowledge that he was with me. He squeezed my body to him as the door creaked again. He set me down so that I could see Dominic and Rousseau enter through the same door.

"What are they doing here? Guards, take them," Louis yelled.

Rousseau lifted one hand and the men moved back to where they were. This display of command caused Louis to let out a rolling growl.

Rousseau growled right back, "I let you live, pup. Why did you take her?"

Louis snapped, "Who are you to claim my bitch?"

"She's no bitch. She's a queen," Dominic growled weakly as he rested on the wide table.

"Fuck you, bitch. No one was talking to you," Louis disregarded him.

Rousseau‘s voice was slow, "You want to know who I am, Louis, son of Andre, son of Sego, son of Francois...."

Louis hissed, "What the fuck are you saying?"

"I'm a big dog. You don't want to mess with me."

I felt everyone draw away from me. A fire filled the air as I watched Louis' puff himself up. He wouldn't back down this time. I moved with James to sit at the far end of the table. His arms were wrapped around me more for his benefit. Dominic came to the other side of me and put his hands on Jimmy's shoulders. They were shielding me. From what? I heard a loud crack. I looked to see if everyone was okay. James gazed down at me with his usual smiling eyes. I looked toward Louis and he was holding his arm. He aimed his wrath up above my head.

"Rousseau said he was up there," Dom whispered.

"The little cock sucker's probably been waiting for a clean shot at Rousseau the whole time," James smiled down at me. He squeezed me tighter as we all moved under the overhang for the balcony. Another shot rang out and it whizzed past Rousseau's face. He tossed his head up to his foe and gripped his fist. He brought it to his chest and I heard a sliding up above. Something fell down to the ground, but didn't land with a thud. Inches above the ground, Ron looked into my eyes. He seemed relieved to see me, but strange. He tried to right himself, but Rousseau pulled him toward his feet.

"You don't listen very well, do you? You little gnat," he nearly yelled. This was the first time I'd ever heard any feeling in Rousseau's voice. It made the hair stand up on the back of my neck.

"P....Put me down, Monsieur," Ron demanded.

There was more curiosity than malice in Rousseau's voice when he said, "You don't get it! I gave you a chance to walk away! I told you your place! Go away!"

"No! She's my wife!"

Ron held his eyes on me and I knew he thought he could control me. If Dominic couldn't do it anymore, how could he? I walked over to my ex and he held out his arms to me. It was easy to make him drop them to his sides. Even easier to drop him to the ground and rid him of all of that worrisome ammo. He held my wrists in an attempt to bring me in closer. I obliged by introducing my knee to his package. His howl was almost a good one. He dropped to the floor and let out a series of high pitched coughs.

He looked up at me and whimpered, "You bitch!"

"Yeah, so?" I squatted down and said, "What's your point? You take me away from my family and my...Rousseau. You expect me to smile and go, 'Oh, Ron. I'm so happy you trashed my life! Why don't you fuck me anytime?' Well, I'll never do that. You hurt me. Most people that hurt me don't live very long. Just go home. I'm sure there's some trash bag ho who'd be happy to have you."

"Baby, just think about this. That guy's older than your father and they gave you to him. He may not look it, but he's at least in his sixties. All of these people. You don't know them. You know me....." Ron's pathetic sputtering made matters worse. I felt something rise in my throat. 

"Ron, I'm older than almost everyone alive today. Would that help you to get her back? No. I haven't asked for her. I may never do so. She is in charge of the situation. That's your problem, isn't it? She's in charge," Rousseau had resumed his smooth controlled delivery.

"You can't honestly think I would stop trying to win you back, do you? I'd rather kill you than watch you..."

As I stood over Ron, the fullness in my throat turned into a pain. I opened my mouth and a frightening roar flowed out. Before I got control of myself, my hands closed around Ron's throat and I pressed my knees into his chest. He squealed and attempted to relieve himself of my suffocating pressure. I felt a pair of hands under my armpits as James dragged me off. Ron crawled away and Rousseau ordered Dominic to take me out before I change again. My throat was sore, but I didn't feel any hair or anything coming out.

Dom whispered, "Let's not press the issue. Ron will be taken care of. I guarantee it. Why don't you just come outside. We brought you some of your things."

I felt full of energy. I wanted to be done with Ron for good. It scared me more than I think it scared Ron.

"You shouldn't kill him now. I think Rousseau plans on doing it for you," James softly added.

"I don't know," I tried to convince myself. "Maybe he can live. I mena, he doesn‘t have to die."

Dom got me to Rousseau's car which was waiting outside the last gates. A very quiet man named Roger opened the door for us and seemed unconcerned with my appearance. He offered us sandwiches and turned on the air conditioning. Dom made the barrier rise between us and the driver.

"You don't know anything about him, do you? This Rousseau."

"What should I know?" I let him run his hand along my waist. "I know a little less than I knew about you when we first got together."

Dom sighed, "Baby girl, I'd just let him do what he likes. He's a good man."

I let him relax a bit before I asked, "So why did it take you so long to get here?"

"I was there. I just couldn't get to you. You wouldn't have wanted to see me, anyway."

I gave him a jab, "I would have. Even if you were up some guys ass."

Dom grumbled, "It's not like that and you know it."

"It is like that. Don't deny it. I can sense my pull isn't what it could have been..."

Dom insisted, "I still want you. It's just I have Jimmy. He's extremely resourceful. I might choose to share him with you, if you don't want Rousseau."

His hand slid under my shirt. "What about a little passing of the time until our respective others return."

"No," I pouted.

"I don't want to fuck you, babe. Believe me you don't want me inside you after what I've been through. What about a little cuddle? I promise I won't go below the waist."

"And spoil the fun?" I opened my arms and draped myself on his body.

"It was terrible. A wall of women jumped on me. Bodies smothered me. I found myself surrounded by woman after woman until my knot formed and one couldn't get off. They yanked her poor insides out without a care. Then, they started to attack each other. I tried to stop them, but they just rode me."

His arms covered my body and he got comfortable under me. I felt him breathe on my face as he continued, "I never knew a man could respond when he didn't want to. It's a strange thing to know that you'll probably kill someone if they don't stop. With Jimmy, I'm not afraid I'll kill him. He's tougher."

I shushed him and he fell asleep after a short while. The image of him surrounded by a bunch of corpses made me understand the fear he'd had for me. Why he hadn't been inside me more often. He'd maybe never get over it or back to me. Dominic was trying his damnedest to get off of my list. His inviting scent lulled me into a half snooze until James and Rousseau opened the car door. James crawled in and pulled me onto his chest. He rubbed my shoulders and kissed my forehead.

"Let's see, now," he purred as he grabbed my hands. "Your fingers are well. Do you have all of your toes?" He made me laugh by gripping my sandaled foot. The sound seemed to frighten Rousseau. The look on his face made me want to know why.

"Yes, all ten toes," I answered quietly to James.

"Oh, my dear, let's just get you home." James pulled me in and smelled my neck.

Rousseau sat emotionlessly watching as the limo drove away.

I buried my face in James' chest and took in a deep breath. "You are getting close to me again?"

"I don't know," I purred. He did smell good.

"You shouldn't," he caressed as his hand gripped my ass.

I felt Rousseau move toward me before I saw him in the corner of my eye.

James ran a finger over my ear and kissed my face.  "I should be watching my cousin take liberties with you. Shamefully, he doesn't know about black women. They're more easy with their bodies than anyone. I can smell it coming on," he whispered. "Your body is ready. Are you?"

I sat up and looked at him. His smile was gentle and a little taunting. Rousseau's gaze ate at the side of my head.

James raised his voice to include the rest of the car, "Don't you agree, Rousseau?"

"Ah, agree?" His voice was just as aloof as ever. "I'm not sure what you asked."

"Your hearing is better than mine. Or, is it you weren't listening?" 

James pointed a finger at my chest, and I looked down. The shirt draped down to expose the roundness of my breasts. The edges of my areolas peeked out from the collar. I moved the collar back up to drape across my neck again.

"I do enjoy the way that your cheeks warm up without changing color," James smirked as he ran his fingers over my jaw. "Your sister was like a flame when it was her time. I can feel that you will be as well"

He reached for my breast and I struck his fingers. In the same instant, Rousseau moved to kneeling and gripped James' wrist.

James smiled at Rousseau, "I knew you'd finally come forward when I tested you."

His lordship's face was inches from mine as he reached to keep his grasp on James. I pulled away from the confrontation.

"You can't help it, now. It's just a matter of time until you decide," James hissed in Rousseau's face. "Will you give in to it, or will you fight it until she picks another?"

Dominic raised up and put a hand on my thigh. Rousseau moved closer to my face and pushed the offending hand away. His freaky eyes searched my body and he sat back down on the seat. He focused on the scenery on the road to the airport.

The outgoing girl that I was, I slept through the flight and missed three hours of something. When I did wake, I looked around. Everyone was looking at me. Did I snore? I felt my face to make sure I wasn't drooling and looked again. There was definitely something happening. I looked over at where James had been when I fell asleep. I jumped back when I realized I'd been resting my head on Rousseau. I'd snuggled into him when I rolled a little closer.

Dom nodded at me with a half smile. The plane landed gently and we got off quickly. Still tired, I allowed myself to be escorted through the terminal and to a waiting car. Dominic took my hand and was greeted with a low rolling growl. Rousseau. Dom's response was to speak in a language that I knew I hadn't heard before. His words to Rousseau didn't stop the sound that seemed to flow through him. He snapped a few more words at Rousseau and the big man looked into me. He held me mesmerized as the sound slowly died.

"You've got to stop doing that," sighed Dominic.

The all consuming gaze slowly turned into an indescribable shame in front of me.

"I am trying," Rousseau struggled.

His shattered facade made me surprised.

James slowly said, "Now, I'm gonna help get her into the car. You are gonna let me, because she won't make it on her own."

Rousseau told him, "I can't."

I watched Rousseau's hands move toward me. I jumped back and felt my mouth stretch into a grimace.

"You see," James piped in. "She's started. I'll put her in the car."

James gave me a tug toward the open door, and I got in slowly.

"Okay, just relax and we'll get you home," Dominic smiled as he slid in opposite us. Rousseau got in next to Dominic and we drove. I curled up on Jimmy and he sighed, "Don't get used to me, honey."

The men continued to speak in the language, and I thought I caught a few words I knew.

"You've got to be up with the times," James added his point in English.

When we got back to Dom's place, I was carried up to my room and a waiting selection of foods on a table. It all looked so good, but I was too tired to try the new things. I ate an orange and part of a ham sandwich so my stomach wouldn't wake me during the long sleep I had planned.

Ryan came in as I took off my pants. He offered some paté on a cracker. The crunchy rich spiciness settled my nerves as he clucked over my condition.

"They didn't feed you down there," he grumped. "They should be ashamed, You've got to be fed well or you don't breed."

"I ate. Just not a lot," I laughed it off. The three men seemed a bit more concerned than I would have liked to see. I hoped I didn't look as bad as I felt.

Ryan said as though I didn‘t know I was still hungry, "You'll need all the food you can get. None of the fruit. Protein."

"Huh." I munched on another piled high cracker.

Ryan put a hand close to my bare thigh on the bed. "The Rousseau is nervous. I haven't seen him eat yet. I hear he's been aggressive toward anyone who touches you."

I tried not to spit cracker bits as I said, "I... guess."

James put in his opinion, "When you're rested, it'll probably be time. He's been very generous, so far. Most dogs just take you to task right away. He's a good man to let you get to know him, but he might not be able to control himself anymore."

Rousseau entered and they all left me alone with him. He'd pulled his deep red hair back into a tight ponytail and changed into a loose shirt and pants. It made the bigness of him obscure.

"I'll stay until you sleep," he whispered.

The covers were up to my chin quickly as he sat at the foot of the bed. He really was a muscular man. I'd never thought of being near a man so large, let alone having one in my bed.

"I don't quite know what to do, Ellen. You'll have to help me. The last time, there was a ceremony. I know I haven't been the most amiable, but it's been a very long time since I've been this...charged," he gently explained as he exposed my foot and ran his fingers over the top of it.

"I know," I sighed as he continued his movement.

"I'm trying not to do what comes naturally, here," he cooed.

"I'm trying not to, too," I barely spoke. 

"How do I stop this from hurting you?"

"I may hurt you, but it is part of it right?" My voice rolled out so quietly that I could barely hear myself.
