 Ryan Severus looked up with surprise to see Ellen slowly descend the back staircase. He fought the urge to ask why she was in the kitchen. A full tray of breakfast foods had been prepared and left outside her door. She sat gingerly at the edge of the chair and looked at her feet. He reviewed the firmness of her breasts as she leaned on the table and gave him a pleasant view down her robe. She should have been under some hard thrusting cock, but instead she was here with him. The long, sensual dark chocolate legs disappeared under the robe before they revealed any imperfection. He smiled casually down at her as she looked up at him and beckoned him closer with her finger.

"I don't know what to do now." Her voice was soft and low as she leaned toward him. He opened his arms to her and enveloped her with the comfort that he knew she needed. She'd been with his son and the master, but she didn't have that well ridden smell of an established bitch. He made sure not to touch her bare skin out of the fear his mind would be carried back upstairs. She settled in the curve of his shoulder on his shirt. He felt her shake and then the sounds of her stifled tears caught him in the chest.

"His requirements shouldn't have been odd," he tried not to ask for details, though he wanted them. "He's an old soul. He couldn't have done anything."

"He did everything well. He was perfection...."

"But," he pried.

"I told him how I felt. He got this look on his face and looked away from me. I just couldn't stay in there and watch him sleep."

"What did you say?"

She sighed, backed away from him, and said, "It doesn't matter."

Her robe fell open and he was once again filled with a desire that he knew was oh so nice, but oh so wrong. Ellen allowed him to be lost in her bosom and said, "Would you comfort me?"

Ryan protested, "No, you lovely girl, I won't. He'd surely kill me, as he is thinking of doing right this instant. I won't even kiss you on your brow to soften that fascinating frown of yours. He'll be coming to find you soon. He doesn't hate you, so don't think that he'll kill you. He's very afraid of you, did you know?"

She turned away from him and put her elbows on the table. In his guarded thoughts, Ryan let out a neigh at the shape of her bobbing ass. She turned up and waved it from side to side.

"He's afraid of me? Ha! I'm sure I'm more scared than he is. He could kill me without trying," she joked nervously.

"Look at me," he said as he followed the sway of her nervously moving ass. She turned back around and softened that utterly kissable sadness with a forced grin. He went against his better judgment and put his hand on the side of her head. He instantly regretted it.

"You know you don't want me, but I'm safe." The smell of her high hormone level made his penis stir in his pants. Those bright brown eyes welled up, and he pressed his lips to hers. He pulled himself back before she responded to the force of his advance and ordered, "You go back up there before I get myself killed."

He looked down at the bulge in his pants and prayed for the day that she was out of the house or free to be with any male she chose.

***

"Why did you go?" His low caressing voice drew me into the room. "I don't like to wake up without you." He rested his head on his hands and curled a knee toward the edge of the bed.

"Hmm, you've been doing it before today, why can't you do it now?" My stance was authoritarian and I worked to keep that when his muscles flexed. In the stretch, he ran his hands over the bed and showed how he really didn't fit it. I wondered why such a delicious, scary man would be so casual. He walked over to me. The approach was smooth and quick as he reached for me. When I shied away from his hand he frowned and went back to the bed. He dropped down and those eyes searched my face.

"You know, I don't want to hurt you?"

I nodded and returned his gaze.

"Then why are you doing that?"

"I don't know," I shrugged.

He got back up and this time quickly pulled me in. I felt so small next to his substantial frame. Sebastian Rousseau curved his body and his arms down around me.

"You said it last night. I didn't understand at first, but you are like a virgin. You hadn't been with some one that wasn't trying to control you. I'm the first. I don't tell you how to feel, or what to do. I can not understand this... this insecurity. If you would like, I can do this for you, but you'll have to learn to function on your own within two days. You are meant to be my coregent, not a slave to my whim," he softly rumbled to me.

His chest was warm on the side of my face as I listened to his heart. His breathing was even as I cuddled into his embrace. I felt a familiar tingle in my spine as I let him lead me to the bathroom. He ran his hand over my braids as he turned on the shower.

'Let's get you nice and clean,' his deep voice rolled into my head. 'I plan to dirty you. When we are done, you won't wash. You will go down for meals as I see fit. If I will you to dine in the nude, you will do so with my sperm visibly on you. There will be no request that you will deny, or you will be punished. You are allowed to ask one question per hour. I may disregard the question, but you are given this privilege because you are my queen. Feel free to make sounds, but no words.'

He made sure that the shower was nice and warm. He passed me under the stream as if I was an animal that he needed to get completely wet before adding the soap. He ran the bar of soap over my back and down my buttocks with a utilitarian roughness that made goose bumps rise on my arms. He held me free of the stream and massaged the lather over my breasts and stomach. His fingers rubbed against the under side of my nipples and I felt them stiffen as he paid careful attention to lifting and washing the rest of my breasts. I raised my arms without thinking for him to wash under my arms and he let his thumbs linger on my breasts as he rinsed the area. He had me put my hands on the far wall of the shower and spread my legs. His hands went over my ass and down one leg and then the other. He lingered at my ankles with his face resting on my ass. He raised each foot and massaged it in turn before he stood up and put a hand to my pussy. He shoved a finger in and I tried not to jump. His response was a low rolling growl as he worked at my entrance with his two fingers. My body started to respond to his rough manipulation and I tried not to move. He pressed my soapy ass into his crotch as he continued the fingering. His other hand went to my left breast by route of my back and my ribs. He held me close to him as he rubbed his cock between my ass cheeks. It made my insides start to get ready for him. He let go of me and rinsed off quickly. He turned me around and shoved his tongue into my mouth. He moved away and pulled me into the water. My braids came free in the steady flow and he moved it out of my face. His body moved me back to the other side of the shower and I was pressed to the wall again. This time he made sure that I felt his cock moving across my pussy. I felt it begin to press upward toward my snatch. His hunger was clear when he lifted my legs from the ground and let his monster penis touch my belly button. He readjusted and put me down with his prick at my opening. He pushed nearly in and then he moved away.

His voice commanded, 'Kneel.'

I slid with my hands on the wall to my knees. I felt his hands on my hair.

'Turn your head to the right and open your mouth.'

I turned and was inches from his penis. He half grinned down at me. He thought I wasn't gonna do it. I licked his glans in slow warm circles. I tasted a slight hint of me on him as I got it into my mouth. I felt him start to shake as I pulled him in farther. He moved his hand to my shoulder and held himself up by putting his arm on the wall. I moved my head to suck him along the shaft and he let out a little groan. I moved along his rod, and I felt him begin to fill my mouth as the blood flowed into his cock. I stroked him with my tongue as I moved my head back and forth over what I could and massaged his scrotum. He restricted how far I went by putting his hand around his cock to stop my lips. It was still very deep in my mouth. He shoved me back and I watched his long penis bob to an upright position.

"Oh, no. You won't be doing that just yet. Get on all fours."

I moved down in the shower with the water flowing down over my back and ass. The water fondled my nipples and pussy as it beat down. I closed my eyes and got into the pressure that was building inside me. I felt something strike my face. It was thick and ran down. I squinted to see Rousseau's come shoot out toward me again. "Uh, stay still," he grunted as he continued to come on my face. He stroked my hair and turned off the water. He made sure I wasn't moving and got out of the shower. He toweled himself off quickly with the soft towels Ryan bought especially for me. He took out a fresh one and rubbed it over my body. He slowly played the cloth along my breasts and an admiring hand over my ass after he was satisfied in my dried skin. He'd neglected my face. The semen and water made my skin cold. He helped me to stand. I was told to turn away from him and he moved a rough cloth over my head and to my breasts. He fastened it around my neck so that the scratchiness would stimulate my nipples, but not touch much else. He turned me and draped a similar cloth of the same natural tan to my hips. He stood back and looked at his work. Content, he moved me to the bedroom and I stood as he got fully dressed. Rousseau held my hand and drew me down the stairs to lunch. The dining room had been emptied. There were two chairs and a small table with two place settings ready. He had me sit with my legs spread wide toward his seat. He took my silverware from its place and set them done to his right.

"You'll be eating with only your mouth today. I hope you like the lamb. I had it flown in from home."

I suddenly saw a picture of a brown bricked house behind an iron gate. A stream flowed back to the pond and the castle in the distance. It wasn't a castle, but that is what we all called it. We. The children that passed it to go to school. It was a light gray stone house with a long porch that never seemed to be used. Mammon said that I should never dream of living there, because it was a lonely place. She didn't understand why Monsieur Sebastian would want to be in the middle of town but never be in town. 

"You haven't said a word, which is good. I will give you your first request now"

"May I stay with Ryan and Dominic?"

He looked down at my hands which had gone up to cover the exposed portion of my breasts. He stood up and proceeded to cut the food on my plate into small bite sized pieces.

"I will answer that question two days hence." Which was a no. "You are more calm, but you still haven't learned the lesson I wanted you to learn."

He held the plate up for me to smell and my stomach growled. I lowered my head and picked up a piece of meat with my lips. He watched me chew and swallow the richly juicy seasoned lamb.

"Good girl. We can stop when you want it to. You don't have to go the full two days."

I didn't look at him while he was speaking and he lifted my chin. I felt the juice flow down my chin, but I didn't dare stick out my tongue and clean myself. His mouth went to the offending liquid and he slurped it up without much fanfare. He stayed so close that I wanted to kiss his lips.

'You do it, and your security in obedience is over.'

His words were so emotionless in my mind. I held myself where I was.

"Pity," he sighed as he set my plate down on the table where I could reach, "I really wanted you to initiate that kiss."

He smoothly sat down and picked up his fork. "You'll be waiting until I'm done with my meal. Then, you will be given ten minutes to clear your plate. If you have not done so, you will be punished."

Punished?

He smiled broadly at my questioning face and ate so slowly that I thought I'd scream. His lips would part and I would watch his pink tongue make contact with the food before it entered his mouth. Every bit that he ate made me think of his mouth on parts of my body. He could be rough and gentle at the same time on different parts of his tongue. He watched me carefully and when I started to pretend to get woozy from starvation he finished his last fork full and looked at his watch.

"You may begin."

I ate as fast and as cleanly as I could, but my mouth is only so wide and he would pile the plate with extra food when I seemed halfway done. He pulled me to standing and walked me outside. I was led to the pool and three men waiting. Dominic, Ryan, and James stood in a group at the edge of the pool. When I approached, they removed their clothes. Sebastian spoke in words that I didn't understand. I was bent over a bench so that my breasts dangled obscenely toward the cool cement. They made no sound as I was strapped down with a series of thin ropes. Sebastian sat down quietly in the corner of my vision. My head pointed down, I couldn't get a fix on where the others were. I heard a metallic click. I wasn't quite sure what it meant until I felt the sting on my ass. The belt struck me again and I pushed at the bench. It gave way slightly. Not wanting the bench to move, Sebastian made some hand gestures. I saw Dominic and Ryan sit on either side of me so that I couldn't work the bench further out of the ground. The blows that James delivered grew faster and harder. I tried to hold on to my tears. Sebastian sat on the edge of his seat as I received hit number 12, 13... The way that they just sat there made me realize how little I cared for any of them. Sebastian's hand raised and James paused. So what, they've been inside me. They showed me what I am, but that does not give them the right to raise welts on my skin. This was the twenty first century. Sebastian looked me in the eye and gestured for James to continue. I easily pulled free from the strings on my wrists and braced against the bench under my ribs before the next blow was expected. Sebastian got up and moved to stop me from moving. The bench gave and I was struck diagonally across my back. The tip of the belt struck me between the shoulder blades as I snapped the last of the restraints and stood up straight. Sebastian looked down at me and said, "So, you've decided to end your obedience?"

I took off the stupid rags, that I'd worn out of respect, to the ground and headed for the door. I felt a pair of hands turn me around and Rousseau bent down to talk to me. Bitch! I back handed him so fast, he thought better of touching me again.

"Don't you ever think of hitting me again!" My voice was full of the heat that was starting to take me over. 'Unless, it's for pleasure.' I needed to get out before I had to be fucked by one of these assholes. I figured I had a good four or five more hours before I started to attack anything with a cock.

I shoved a couple days worth of clothes into a bag. I made sure that my jeans were zipped and I had my wallet. I slipped the keys off of the holder without a sound. I heard someone run past the kitchen and up the stairs. I went out the side door and walked to the front. I looked at the key and hoped it was for an automatic transmission. As I moved through the garage, I felt the strange anger slowly dropping away. The first three cars didn't quite work out. When I got to the fourth one in the line, the key opened the door. I looked down and saw a nothing. There was just a simple shift knob. Yes, jackpot! I hopped in and started it up without a problem. I hit the remote control to open the door, and they were all standing in front of the car. Dominic, Ryan, and James walked to within inches of the car. The headlight obscenely cast the shadows of Dom's cock across his belly.

"It's too late for you to try to go out on your own," Sebastian loudly said directly in my ear. "Let's just go up to your rooms and get you ready."

My jump was sufficient enough for him to brush my bra covered breasts as he turned the car off and deposited the key in his pocket. He opened the door and undid my seatbelt. I looked up at his devouring eyes and I knew it was true. I'd have to choose who would be the father of my... pups? I sat in the car wondering what I should do. I surveyed the possibilities in my mind.

'Okay, there's Jimmy. I've never been with him, so I don't know what to expect. There's Sebastian. The scary guy that I've had, but I'm not sure if I liked it or not. There's Ryan. Sufficient in a pinch, if I don't have Dom's big long fun ride. But, Dom means a three day commitment, right?'

Sebastian lowered his voice to a bewitching sensual tone, "Since you have more of an emotional attachment to the others, I think you should be blindfolded. You think too much. It's been hard to filter out your negative tendencies. You'll be on your own. No one will make you feel that something is good when you think it isn't. You are free to refuse and go back to the master servant relationship, but we know you'd be flailed for trying to leave. You don't like that."

He offered a hand and I took it. He rewarded me with a pat to my fingers and I was followed into the foyer by the men. Sebastian let go of me and instructed Ryan to have everyone leave except for Karen and Veronica. I would choose two for the night. The blindfold would restrict my decision to touch. I was offered an opportunity to be washed and dried. I accepted it. I took as long as I could to wash every part of my body. I didn't get out until I was shriveled up like a prune. I couldn't remember what anyone felt like. I must have been desensitized by their subtle controls to not feel exactly. I determined to know every bump ridge and patch of rough skin by the time I made my choice. When I got out of the room, all four of them were undressed and waiting. Sebastian had taken the bed as his lounging spot while Dominic stood closest to James as he settled in my chair. Ryan was with Karen and her fairest of the fair complexion. Even her freckled body and the light brownness of her hair made me think of suntans. Veronica stood near the door with her hands crossed over her abdomen. Her response to my arrival was a genuine relaxation. Dominic gave me a red cloth. The red silk warmed in my hands. It was nearly transparent. I was surprised when all I saw was blackness when he pulled it tight over my head. The strange language filled my brain and I knew they were debating how each would approach me. The disorientation of the darkness made me hit my shin on the bedpost. I was immediately caught by a pair of hands on either side. I was forced to the floor by both people. I felt their hands on my ass as they spread my thighs. I felt the air wash over my still damp mound. They were smelling if I was ready. I suddenly had this urge to run. I got up and was knocked down quickly by my own clumsiness. I'd always been able to see in the dark.

I heard Veronica say, "Let me help her."

"You girls are for the ones that are not chosen," Ryan whispered. "You need to get in the corner and pray that it doesn't get too rough or you'll be her consummation meal."

I felt hands and arms wrap around me. I felt hair and a chest as I was turned onto my back. A hum in my head started to move down my body. I felt them moving and posturing over me. A series of low rolling growls told me that they were all huddled over my face. I reached up and was greeted with something sharp closing on my finger. I moved away and reached parallel to the floor. I felt the fur on the long slender legs. This would really be a problem. I tried to raise up and was licked back to the ground with whimpering. I hadn't changed. I didn't know how. I moved up again and met free air with my hands all around. I stood up and felt that humming in my brain. Maybe, I could remember what it felt like and figure it out. My pussy told me I should hurry the fuck up. I opened my mouth and got on all fours. I arched my back and remembered the throbbing pain as my tail grew. The itchy pin pricks of my hair made me arch my back further. It was working. The silk flopped off of my head and I turned on my suitors. They all greeted me with submission. There were two blacks and two reds. How would I know which one is which? The reds and blacks were equal in size. I scanned the room to collect my options. The girls sat in the small space between the chair and the corner. As I watched them, they clutched each other and cried. I saw the open window with its welcoming ledge and trailing slate roof. I launched myself through. The roof was slick and I slid down to the very edge before jumping into a soft bush. I knew they'd be coming after me, so I didn't sniff after the mice that were running for cover. I looked for a good place to camouflage my scent. I raced through the horse barn and over the far fence. I nearly fell over when my nose stopped my head before my body had a chance to. There was another. He was upwind. I could run. He wouldn't catch me any faster than the others. I heard the horses respond to the followers. I ran as fast as I could. The far field was where I would go. I remembered seeing an overgrown raspberry patch. They'd move slower through there, which would give me more time to figure out which one I wanted to start with. I caught my hair in the thorns and tried to get free. I heard his voice in my head before he came into view. 
