 Author's Note:

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 98: Attachment

This time there was no burst of fire when she joined the mortals in their realm. One moment, Caleldir was alone in the artfully wild gardens of Sornamal's estate (mostly recovered from the charring that happened a couple of weeks ago), and the next moment there was a disturbingly beautiful woman watching him. And she couldn't believe her luck. Why had they left that beautiful male so all alone after they must have noticed how much she lusted after him? Of course, they had no idea just how long that Lust had to stew. Ever since she bartended at that inn she wanted a piece of him. So when she felt his unmistakable aura near that summoning circle...

Dahlia's full lower lip caught under her teeth, and she quickly cast a couple of spells to hide her aura, mask her footsteps, and cloak her body in invisibility. For she, like any other of her kind, had many assets that helped her hunt her prey. Then, she waited for a moment where he looked particularly distracted by his work.

Despite his track-record of near-complete inability to get away from overly insisted would-be lovers, Caleldir was not without his defenses. Among those was an unusual keenness in senses, both mundane and magical. When some presence ported into the garden, he noticed the disturbance. He sniffed. Smell of magic, that was certain.

Turning around, his eyes glowed blue as he activated his Arcane Sight. There was a trace of magic in the garden, but nothing out of the ordinary. Shrugging, Caleldir concluded that it was probably just one of Sornamal's spells and went back to analyzing the protein breakdown in the cells of the hair he had gotten from Sidhriia.

It was almost enough to make Dahlia laugh. That beautiful male creature was skilled enough in magic that he could sense her arrival, but not enough to see through her various spells. A little thrill went down her spine when he looked about himself - for that moment, she thought she would be discovered. That thrill warmed into satisfaction that made her body burn that much brighter for his soul. And his cock. 

Of course, almost everything could be turned and twisted in a succubus's mind to become arousing.

Despite the spells cloaking her, Dahlia still made an effort to creep towards him instead of simply walking normally. 

Caleldir vaguely sensed something amiss. Once more, he stopped working and looked around. There was definitely something funny going on. No, nothing. The garden was completely ordinary. 

Shaking his head again, he looked down at his work. Then, he felt the spells drop. Reacting almost instantly, he activated a mage shield and started to whirl around, only to be stopped by a slender, warm arm around his body and a tight hand on his mouth. The succubus. The succubus was back. Curses. He should have realized. He was not strong enough to get away, but his magic did not require gestures nor incantation. So, lashed out at her with a targeted magic missile.

The energy splashed across her shoulder. She moaned in his ear and pressed her body against his back more firmly. "Clever trick, darling," she whispered breathily. "Do it again. I like a little pain." For a mere tiny amount of pain it was, and not enough to make her let go of him. Using her mighty strength, she began to pull him into the darkest corner she could see, hidden from view by any of the windows overlooking the gardens.

Caleldir cursed himself. Sometimes, he was able to predict how it would be that his life would turn out. Other times, he ignored those predictions and did stupid things like sit around all exposed and defenseless in a garden. And now he was going to be raped. Again. The first time since... well, three days ago.

Not if he could pull off another trick, though. He was not out of magic just yet. With another burst of willpower, he lifted himself off the ground. Dahlia was strong, but she was light. He could fly carrying her. But that was not his main plan. He opened up a dimension door to the far side of the garden - the one most visible to the house - and hurled himself down at it.

More clever tricks. She should have expected such things. Not that there was anyone to view even that portion of the gardens to which he seemed to be porting; she knew the only other people around to be closed off in a bedroom with the curtains drawn. For now. Even still, she did not want to be teleported over there. Then she would have to carry him all the way back to the space she had chosen.

With a mighty flap of her wings, she halted any rapid progress. Perhaps he was strong enough to fly her around if she didn't also have that ability. But as it was, she could still easily maneuver. Then, she mustered all her magical strength and slammed a powerful Silence spell into him.

Caleldir rolled his eyes, not even attempting to resist it. His magic did not rely on speech. But calling for help did. And so he began using his mental powers to try to undo the spell. 

Which mostly meant that he stopped struggling so much.

Finally, Dahlia was able to fly over to the corner she had chosen. She forced Caleldir to the ground, then let black vine-like tendrils curl from various surfaces around them to capture his limbs and hold him steady - that was, after she took advantage of his lessened struggling to turn him around so that she could straddle his hips and press her naked sex against his still covered cock.

"Shh, it's okay," she hushed him. "I'll free you after I'm done. I just want a taste, that's all... ever since I saw you at that inn in the druid town..." Dahlia explained. "I'll be quick; your friends don't even have to know."

Wait... the druid town inn... Caleldir's mind rushed back to the unusually attractive elf-like redhead that had promised to meet him again. Surely she could not have been a succubus the whole time? But then again, succubi were mistresses of disguise, and it would explain why this particular succubus had responded to Risa's summon.

The silence spell dismantled, he went back to trying to wrench himself out of her grasp. He would have more verbally protested, but her hand was still over his mouth. Otherwise, he would have gone off on a rant about how he had been against this plan from the start and so on and so forth. As it was, his eyes were all that shouted defiance.

"Oh, don't look so angry," Dahlia said. The way her completely back eyes shifted suggested that she had just rolled them. "I can feel you getting hard. You want this. Come on. It will be fun. I won't hurt you, I promise." 

She knew that her words would be useless. They always were, for some reason. And she wouldn't have it any other way. There was something thrilling about bringing pleasure to someone so reluctant. And feeding on their deliciously Good essence. But she needed the use of both of her hands and she also needed him to not make a bunch of noise. One of the tendrils she had summoned snaked around to replace the hand over his mouth. Then her hands happily set to work trying to remove his clothing.

From what Caleldir had heard and read, one of the big differences between nymphs and succubi were that nymphs were delusional. Most of them genuinely could not conceive of someone getting physically aroused and not wanting sex. Succubi, however, were under no such delusions. Dahlia knew full well that his resistance was genuine. Caleldir figured that was probably getting off on it. 

With that in mind, the best thing to do to ruin her fun would be to stop resisting and just lay there unresponsive. And yet, he did not. Not that he could do much resisting. Maybe try to bite and/or counterspell those tendrils before she got his clothes off. The vines didn't seem at all phased by being bitten. They didn't taste very good, though. The outsides of the tendrils were tasteless, but squeezed and bitten they tasted slightly of corruption. Whatever they were filled with had a slightly numbing and relaxing effect too. He quickly stopped trying to bite through them when he tasted the things.

"Probably best not to ingest too much of that," Dahlia told him with a wicked smirk. Her hands went clawed to start shredding his clothing off his body - carefully, though, as if she didn't want to mar his flesh. Especially not when she moved down to try to free his member. With that, she was exceedingly careful.

Ugh. Dahlia was right. He was not going to get anywhere good trying to chew through magic. The counterspell option was better, clearly. He began trying to concentrate on undoing the tendrils as he had already done with the silence spell.

However, as always, concentrating while a woman undressed him was not easy. Nearly impossible, in fact. His counterspell faltered as his skin was exposed to the air. Surprisingly, the succubus was probably one of the most gentle women ever to forcibly have sex with him outside of R.I.S.A. That was not something he had expected. He was actually better at resisting the rough than the gentle. He found himself sighing through the tendril.

Of course, most of Dahlia's care not to hurt Caleldir was borne from not wanting to anger the woman she had agreed to help. Well, at least mitigate the anger. Selene was going to be angry with her. That was unavoidable at this point. Hell, as careful as she was being, the drow should praise her self-control and maybe even give her a little leeway when it came to feeding off of that adorable pale little female.

When his heavy cock bobbed free, her hands went back to the more standard, less terrifying form. Her black eyes triumphantly met his red as she began to stroke his length. "You are the most beautiful male I have ever met," she sighed in appreciation as she looked over his body. A toothy grin twitched across her face. "What a magnificent incubus you would make."

Another hiss of air from Caleldir. That felt... ugh. Her hands were as soft and skilled as they predictably would have been. He had to power through the feeling, focus on getting rid of the tendrils.

At very least he could remove the one from his mouth.

With a burst of concentration, he dissolved the tendril over his face. He took a deep breath. Realizing that, with the muffling spells around them, yelling would do no good at all, he spoke in a low tone rather than shouting for help. "You are making a mistake, Dahlia," he threatened. "I am not what you think I am." Granted, he was even more of what she thought, and, objectively speaking, would make for the sort of incubus that would be better than she dared to think even now, but he was not going to tell her that part. Just that she was mistaken. Which was true enough for a fae to say.

"I believe you," Dahlia said with an amused and crooked grin. "This is most definitely a mistake." She pressed the soft, hairless lips of her pussy against the shaft of his cock, and rubbed her palm against the side not warmed by her sex. Languidly, she rubbed his cock like that for a few tantalizing strokes. "But I am doing it anyway. I am what I am; I can't deny my nature." 

Well. She could. She just didn't want to.

Caleldir deflated a bit. There was no fighting her. Well, he was going to have sex with her sooner or later, that much was inevitable. Either now or later when Ashyr was rescued and they needed to reward the succubus who had found her. Provided Dahlia could deliver. Another ragged exhalation. "Do you think that you can get away with this?" he asked. "I know that you can control yourself. You have recently fed. You are not starving."

Dahlia's lower lip stuck out slightly in a pout. "Recently fed on some chaotic evil trash, you mean. I haven't fed on anyone substantial in years. You, darling, are substantial." She gently squeezed his shaft as she said this, causing her words to take on a double meaning. 

The well-known conundrum of the succubus. Those whose essences were most appetizing invariably had the most compunctions about being fed upon. Caleldir was an anomaly but not an exception. "I was planning on putting a token resistance even once my lovers gave me to you as your payment," Caleldir confessed. "But I do not have permission to give in just yet." Not that it mattered.

"Fair enough... This will feel good, I promise. I'll have you begging for more." And she demonstrated what she meant by finally lifting her body, aligning their sexes, and engulfing him completely in her perfectly tight vagina.

Caleldir gasped and bit his lip. Well, this had been an inevitability. Still felt beyond amazing, though.

Dahlia breathed in pure pleasure. He felt just as amazing as she expected, and promised to be even more delicious than she imagined. She just had to get him to release inside her, open up his soul just a little bit. So, she began to bounce on his cock - slowly, at first, but with increasing speed and enthusiasm. She bit her trembling lip as she did so. This moment - when she had her prey in her grasp and their submission was inevitable - never got old.

"You had better still find Ashyr," Caleldir gasped. By damnation itself, she felt good. "If you take your sustenance from me and skip out on the bargain, Risa will destroy you." Against the tendrils, his muscles tightened as his orgasm approached.

Dahlia reached up to grasp at one of her bouncing breasts as she continued to move her body up and down on his. "I will still search for Ashyr. She seemed fun when I met her. It would be a shame for her to be trapped somewhere," she agreed in a breathless, absent tone. Because of course she was going to. She could turn down the chance to feed off of Sidhriia no more than she could turn down her opportunity to take Caleldir. 

When she sensed and felt that edge of orgasm in Caleldir, she persisted in her motions. Perhaps one day she would have the opportunity to draw things out and really savor the moment. Today was not that day, unfortunately. So she would just make him climax as quickly as possible and be away before they were discovered.

Normally, Caleldir was one to put off orgasm as long as possible. Either to lengthen the fun for his consensual lovers, or out of sheer-bloodyminded resistance with his less consensual ones. Right now, though, he was more inclined to simply let go, give her what she wanted. His frame slumped a bit and the resistance drained out. What was the point of fighting her right now? Then, he tensed up, not in resistance but in pleasure, as he hit the peak of orgasm. He stopped breathing as he shot forth his seed into her. And not just his seed, little rips of his soul from the corners, not enough to harm him, but more than enough to fill the succubus as she had never been filled before. 

Feeling the beginning of Caleldir's release, Dahlia sat down fully onto his cock to take as much of him into her body even as her spirit greedily gobbled up the small pieces of his soul that were suddenly made available to her. All the while, her senses were overwhelmed with the ecstasy that she usually felt when-

No. This was more. This was too much. The succubus let out a strangled noise that would have been a scream had she not managed to muffle herself. The overload felt beyond wonderful, but it also caused a pit of fear to settle into her gut. For a moment, she was convinced that the pleasure would obliterate her.

But it didn't. When the proverbial fog cleared, she was still there, sitting on Caleldir's cock. Alright. Fun time was over. She needed to leave and process what had just happened. She went to stand, expecting a softening cock to slide out of her body. That did not happen. What did happen was an uncomfortable moment of a strange... stretching that she didn't want to take too far. It was almost like his cock had - impossible; she had seen it and it looked nothing like-

"Um. I can't separate. Can you- You aren't- Does this usually happen?" she asked, baffled.

"I did warn you that you were making a mistake," he complained. Then, his expression softened. "This... this has never happened before. But I am not just the man you see. I am another being as well. Something old and unpleasant," he sighed. "Maybe that is what is causing the problem?" Probably, yeah. But what were they going to do about it?

"I knew I was making a mistake," Dahlia complained. "But how was I supposed to know that THIS would happen?" She slumped forward, laying her body out against Caleldir's chest. She still felt more than a little light-headed from the unprecedented amount of pleasure that she received. "Maybe... we just have to wait?" That what she usually did when this happened. Wait for the swelling to die down. An uneasy pit in her stomach was telling her that the solution was not as simple as that.

Honestly, Caleldir could not argue against Dahlia's point of view. He had not known this would happen either. Because... because what the fuck had just happened? "I do now know if waiting will help," he confessed. "Maybe? But every moment you are here on me, the more likely you will be discovered." Which he was not certain about how he felt. Best case scenario for either of them: Risa found them first.

"Discovered. Yeah, that probably won't end well. What are you, anyway? I've never fed on such a massive soul."

"I am a demigod, I think?" Caleldir answered. "A demigod under an ancient curse with a curse-produced alternate personality?"

"Huh.". It wasn't a question. She understood the face value of his words. Dahlia simply wasn't sure how to respond to it. All evidence pointed to him being truthful, though. The succubus shifted where she was to settle more comfortably into the position she was in, causing Caleldir to gasp. He was still very sensitive from his last orgasm, after all. When she stopped moving, he let out another breath. 

"Well... I have been in worse prisons. I am unlikely to get hungry, anyway..." But the prospect of being found like that... Dahlia was more worried about that than she let on.

"This would be less of a prison if you were to dismiss these other tendrils," Caleldir complained. "I could levitate myself upright and walk around if I were not bound." 

"Yeah, okay. I guess I already have you by the dick." Dahlia chuckled. The humor was a bit forced, but she did let the tendrils flow away and melt back into the ground.

Dahlia could be amused by the situation. Caleldir was less so. Not that it was not funny when viewed from a succubus's perspective. No doubt Risa would be also amused. He thought for a minute. "I think we should get Risa. She should know how to disconnect us. And what to do with you. Do not worry, she will be sympathetic. Certainly more so than Selene."

"Let us get your Risa, then." She buried her face into his neck and mumbled, "By the infernal abyss this is embarrassing..."

Caleldir levitated himself up, wrapping his arms around the curvaceous woman connected to him in order to support her weight. It was a bit of a chore, standing with a woman on his cock; it meant a good deal of sliding movements interspersed with orgasmic gasps, but eventually he was upright, breathing heavily. Now he just had to figure out a way of contacting Risa without alerting the others.

