 "So you are Dominic, huh?"

Dom stepped toward the shorter thicker version of Ellen and bowed. "My queen."

She lay across the chair as if she had more than just the filmy robe on. "She said you were a big boy. I thought my James was tall, but you are most appealing."

"Is she well?" 

"She sleeps," Lucy dismissed the question and leaned to an upright position.

Her skin was the color milk chocolate with deep black large nipples pressing out toward him. Dom sat down at her feet and looked up at her coy face.

James moved Dominic to the side and pulled off his shirt. Lucy's hand went to his nipple and she caressed his stomach. He bent down and presented his neck to her. She moved his head and kissed his lips. He let out a sigh and kissed her back.

"I accept you."

"Oh, Lucy. I love you," he murmured as he sat down with her.

"As much as you do Ellen?"

"More, mon cheri."

"Then why have you not presented my new mate?"

"My queen, Lucy. May I present Dominic Severus, my master and mate."

Dominic looked up at her and nodded.

"Your mate?"

"He will be yours if you wish, my queen."

"Present yourself, dog," she spread her arms to him.

Dominic took off his shirt and kneeled close to her. Her smell was different to the sweet intoxication that was Ellen. She felt his chest and ran a hand over his silky black hair. Her movements pulled him in and he presented his neck without thinking of the danger. Her lips were firm and moist as she sucked the salt from his skin for a short instant. Her breath on his skin made him shiver.

"You are a prime male," she whispered seductively in his ear. "James has two daughters. You must promise not to taint the line. I will mate you. I promise you no offspring. I may not be satisfied."

Dom moved away slightly and smiled, "You know that I can satisfy. You just do this to keep up appearances. My bitch doesn't care whether I mount anyone but him. He knows full well that I am very capable."

She grabbed irreverently at his crotch and he obliged with a pull of his zipper. He let his cock slide out and greet her thigh. She felt him and he closed his eyes at how she coaxed his member to firmness.

"We are eager to please, are we not?"

"Whatever you want," was his response to her gentle tugging.

He kissed her forcefully and didn't bother to take off his pants before he entered her. Just as he'd suspected, she was ready and experienced in the movements to make him come. He let his first orgasm wet her appetite then worked to satisfy her. 

This bitch was more forceful in her directions. "More!"

He drove deep into her gradually as she bucked under him. She moaned in a pleasant counterpoint to his grunts. He felt her loosen her grip on him as he slid out. She had a practiced box instead of Ellen's natural grip. This gave him room to think about how hard he wanted to press and how much of him she would enjoy. James suckled at one of her breasts as she ran her fingers through his hair. Her eyes closed and she purred sweetly in his ear. Dom slowed the pace and allowed her to calm down enough for the big try. 

His knot would be forming and he wanted to be sure of the surprise. He could feel her deciding to beg when he pulled nearly completely out. She was his slave before she knew what she would endure. Dominic took great pride in the fact that this woman would be his as much as James was now. 

She gripped his forearms in an attempt to move him closer. He let out a grunt and James knew exactly what to do. The light tongue across the top of his rod excited him even more and he felt Lucy enjoy James as well. The man held up her ass as he licked and sucked at the joining of the two. When Dominic felt her contracting, he lunged fully in, pinning James between them. Dom shoved James aside and let his knob form deep inside her. She squealed and tried to back away, but there was nowhere for her to move. When she realized she'd be stuck, her lips curled into a smile.

"So that's why you came highly recommended."

"Who's pussy is this?" Dom shoved in just as deep again. 

"Yours, my king. Oh, definitely yours," she growled as she curved to grab his ass with both hands.

* James wasn't quite sure why he had been told to present himself to the prime mother. The old crone hadn't asked for him. He was told to go alone, which was a most unusual request. It was known to the pack that he was a pair, now. Without Dominic, he didn't know how to act. Recently he'd become accustomed to referring to his mate most of the decisions. Le Rousseau made it most clear that the woman would sense this weakness.

"What a pleasant surprise," a very tired voice spoke through the low stale light in the darkened study.

"My lady? I come only as a courtesy. I noted the time of year and assumed her ladyship would be sending for me just about now." He looked around the room. It looked the same way it had when he'd first been in the room, some twenty years previous.

"Shut your trap, boy. I felt it, you know. You can't hide it from me," an ancient hand appeared from behind the layers of billowing dark fabric of the dress which shrouded the old woman and her cushioned chair.

"My lady?"

"You finally show your true colors. Well, I got a few pups out of you, anyway. So tell me about the trip. The boy's been keeping things from me. The meddler. What has happened? The big rat. He's been in the area. Who was taken?"

"No one, my lady. Not one soul. I had thought that possibly..."

"You're hiding something. Spill it."

James looked down at the floor.

"The pup. What of the pup?"

James tried to evade the question, "We have no pups in the..."

The annoyance in her voice made James curve even lower into submission than usual, "The bitch. The new bitch that does not choose to pay her respects. What of her?"

James paused for a moment then said, "The queen..."

"The bitch, boy. She's not queen, yet."

James shuddered, "The...the bitch is recovering from a minor skirmish with...with..."

"The rats, right? I told him, he should have just taken her. Where's Rousseau," the woman's voice seemed uncertain under the gruff tiredness.

Rousseau's smooth low voice came from a corner of the room, "Did you think I'd be separated from you, madam?" 

James let out a little squeak as his master's eye's caught what small amount of light that was allowed in.

The elder's voice filled out slightly as she worried, "Have you seen her? Is she tainted?"

"I have seen her. She is weak or I would have moved her. She survives. She made quite the run after a straggler before I could reign her in. Imagine that." James could have sworn he heard a wide smile on Rousseau's lips.

"And you hid this from me? It proves what I thought. You chose well," the amorphous body behind the fabric settled deeper into her chair. "I was beginning to think you'd go another cycle. Good. Mate her quick, before the rats realize what we have."

*

"My queen?" A voice nagged at me to wake up. I felt like I'd been hit by a thousand volts of electricity. "We apologize for the interruption of your sleep. What are we to do with the dog?"

I raised up and looked down. There was a red-brown small dog laying on the floor. It cowered to the farthest corner.

"We found him here when we came to check on you. We've tried to communicate with him, but he hasn't responded."

I peered down at the dog's face and said, "What the fuck? Ron?"

The cur wagged his tail slightly in acknowledgement of his name, but I didn't get anything from him. I concentrated and thought, 'Come here and put a paw on the bed if you understand.'

The dog looked at me then strolled over submissively. The paw tapped the bed lightly and he curled into a ball where he stood. I wasn't sure if I was still dreaming. When I woke up again, Naron had some tea and an assortment of rolls for me to eat. Ron was still there waiting. I wasn't sure what had happened to him. The last thing I remembered was getting ready to gut the man. Naron informed me, "Your friends have arrived. Our principle queen requests an audience with you."

"My sister is always welcome in her own home. And so are the boys. I'll be strong enough to go soon?"

Naron tensed, but normally said, "You will be strong enough in a few days."

"Good." I tried to ignore the obvious secret. "Could you get my dog some food and water? He's used to eating three times a day. Have I been out for long?"

"No, my lady. Just for a few days. Should I get you some clothes for your visitors as well?"

"No, I'll just stay in bed, thanks."

Dominic and James cautiously walked in and looked at her face.

Ryan bent down and took my hand. "What happened to you? You look totally drained. Not that that would stop me from wanting you...."

"Tell it to your bitch, Ryan," I joked back at him. "Where's Rousseau?"

Ryan looked wistfully down at Ron and sighed, "He didn't come with us. He's gone back home. He left a few days ago."

I suddenly couldn't breathe. I thought for sure he'd be there when I woke up. We'd all been a group for so long. I looked over at Ron and said, "Bastard." 'This is all your fault.'

Dominic tried to make me be optimistic, "I'm sure he'll return. He did seem to be in a hurry."

"I'm going to sleep now. Don't worry about it. Dominic, I'm sure Jimmy's introduced you to Lucy, so don't bother. I can smell it on you like bad cologne. I'm too tired to do the dance, so..." I waved my hand at them to go, and Naron raised his arm to guide them out.

Life at Lucy's pack was very calm. I barely heard a word from my friends as I recuperated. Ron was learning very well how to be the good dog. He seemed to be quite happy at times. I even taught him how to walk on a leash. I had just returned from a walk when I heard Lucy talking about someone she sent for to make things balanced for me. That was my cue to go. There can't be two prime bitches in the same pack. It would be ugly once they both went into heat. I talked to Naron and got a car off of him. He said he couldn't guarantee it's reliability. It didn't matter. It just had to get me to the airport. 

My reservation was confirmed for Australia, and I figured they wouldn't go looking for a bitch there. He offered to mount me, so that I wouldn't get too restless on the plane. I declined, but gave him a quick thrill with my hands for the offer. I knew he'd never be in Lucy's arms again. It was a shame. He was nearly as prime as James. 

The minute I stepped off of the plane, I felt like I was in California. I'd never been to California, but it felt like what I thought California would be. The sun was warm on my face and I took off my heavy coat to stop from spontaneously combusting and ran into a little old lady who was struggling with her things. I offered to help her to a cab, but she looked at me funny and stomped away. I didn't look funny. I had a t-shirt and a pair of jeans on.

I felt a hand on my arm and a rough looking man with a badge said, "Come with me, Miss."

I was led through what seemed to be a series of offices to a well lit room with a table and some chairs in it.

He set me down in the farthest chair from the door and asked, "So, how much did you lift?"

I muttered under my breath, "Oh, I'm still black here. I get it."

"How much?"

I looked him in the eye, "I didn't lift anything. You can check me if you like."

"Saucy, are we? I'll have someone do that, if you want. Later. You didn't get off the plane with any bags. That's odd."

"I didn't have anything back home I wanted to keep."

"Like to travel light? How do you think you'll get a place to sleep? You probably don't have a dime on you. "

I crossed my legs and leaned toward him with my arms crossed over my breasts. He'd been staring.

"So," I decided to get pissed. "You want me to go straight to my embassy? No, you can't possibly think ..."

"Shut it," he snapped. "You're a young woman traveling alone. I'm trying to decide if you're a runaway or not. Are you?"

I started to laugh in spite of myself, "How can a black girl afford a trip to Australia?"

"We've had all kinds, here."

I leaned onto the table and let my head drop and snapped it right back up. The trip hadn't been a good one for me. My skin felt like it was crawling, so I couldn't get much sleep on the plane.

"Tired?"

"Yes, very," I smiled up at him. His response was a sigh.

"You got enough money for a hotel?"

I figured, I wasn't really in much trouble, because he was giving me this sexy kind of a vibe. "Yes."

"Let me see your book, again."

I handed over my passport. "Miss. No, Ms. Franklin. I can only say that you are a very young looking woman."

"Well, it has it's disadvantages," I smiled as I waved around me.

"Let me try this over. I'm Breck Sworen. Welcome to Australia."

I shook his offered hand cautiously.

"I'll just get you outta here. Will you be staying in Sidney long?"

"Yeah," I said, "no. I haven't decided."

"This is crazy. Can I at least make sure you've got a room to sleep off the jet lag?"

"No, just let me go, and I'll be fine," I said before I felt a sharp jab to my arm. At first I thought it was a bug bite, but I saw him smile. Then I felt a bit sick. I clutched my stomach and fell. I didn't feel the hit where the floor should have been.

***

I opened my eyes in a strange room.

"Oh, she's awake, is she? A right looker, yeah?"

"I wasn't sure whether she'd be alright."

"I'm fine," I mustered a groan.

A hand dropped me down, and I looked up at the customs agent that gave me a hard time. I jumped away from him and worked to stand.

"You should stay put. You probably shouldn't have been on that plane."

"I just need some red meat. I've been anemic lately. Where am I?"

"She sounds funny, Breck."

"Shut it, Mike. Just let her get some air."

I felt a hand come to my face and I grabbed at it.

"She's so dark. Is she like that all over?"

"Mike, go set up a bath. And turn down the light. I'm sure she'll answer any question you'd like after she's rested," a voice too close for comfort boomed to my right. "I apologize. They don't see many women here and, he's the idiotic sort. I've darkened the room so you can sleep off the lag. You weren't supposed to wake for a good ten hours."

"You drugged me," I queried with my eyes closed.

"No, it happens to some of you when you get here. All that light when it should be the middle of the night can be confusing to your body."

I felt a pair of hands rubbing my left arm.

"You're cold. I'll get you a blanket."

"No," I snapped as I raised to lean on him. "How long have I been here?"

"A day. You didn't have an itinerary or anything like that, so I just let you sleep. I'm sorry I just brought you here without asking, but you were stone asleep."

I struggled to get my eyes open to see that customs guy that blew me a bunch of shit. He didn't seem as severe without the uniform. His naturally large chest rose and fell under the tank shirt he was wearing as he allowed me to hold his hand. He seemed embarrassed to be scrutinized so I looked around the room.

"Nice room. I especially like the little duckies on the wallpaper."

He laughed, "You can see those? You've better eyes than me."

"Feel free to sleep some more if you like. My brother's a bit stupid at times so don't mind the first few sentences out of him."

I lay back into the pillow and tried to figure out why I wasn't taken to a hospital. He didn't know me from Adam. Worse yet, I didn't know him. I heard the door open and pretended to sleep.

"What is that in your sister's old bed?" A soft female voice rang out.

"Ssshh. You'll wake 'er."

"'Er? There's a girl in there?"

"Look, hun. It's not like she's a native. She'll sleep it off then I'll set her loose."

"I don't want you looking after her. You've done it before. You keep crawling back to me."

"That's because I love you, babe. Besides, she's pretty dark. I like mine fair and firm."

A giggle nearly made me jump. I heard the distinct sound of lips on flesh. Well, atleast someone was getting a little something. When they'd retired to another room, I opened the window and made the jump down to the ground quickly. I stood up and looked for the nearest way back, but I didn't know where I'd come from. There were two roads. Both were as desolate as a country road. Where had he taken me?

"Hey, there! Breck, man! She's on the road!" I heard come from the window above my head.

I heard the girl's frustration as they fumbled to get to the door. I had nowhere to go. A thin man with shortly cropped blonde hair stepped out first.

"Okay, you're alright here. You should rest. Now, you've woken up the town. Let's get you back to bed, yes?"

"No," I murmured. "I want to go to a hotel. A big one with lots of Americans in it."

Breck shoved Mike aside and grumbled, "Don't give me trouble. I'll take you in the morning." His fly was still open and the girl behind him tried to keep her dress straight.

"Please, I don't want to be here," I said as he moved closer.

"Now I'm not going to hurt you, but you'll have to..."

I planted my foot in his chin and watched the others move away. I sat down on his chest with a thump and looked him in the eyes. He smirked up at me and said, "That one's free. You'll have to pay me to fall like that again."

I was in heat. There were no males to soothe me. I contemplated the idea of biting down on one of those throbbing arteries. The next thing I knew, he was on top of me. Our eyes were locked together for a moment until Mike grabbed my wrists.

"I promise you, you'll leave for Melbourne tomorrow," I heard as I was carried back to that bed and given a shot.

"Wake up there, cherub."

I sat up and curled my legs under. 

"You sure are a handful, aren't you. Here are some eggs. I don't have but chicken, so I've sent Mike to get you some liver or steak for that anemia."

"Why am I not in a hospital, right now?"

"The same reason you're here with no luggage. It doesn't take a great mind to figure out that you're running. Whoever it is has a long reach if you run to Australia. If you get better soon, I'll drop you outside the airport and you can get on a plane. By the look of your feet, you'll be staying for a while."

I'd totally forgotten I was supposed to bring some ointment for my toes. They must have been cracked and bleeding by now. I looked down and they seemed fine. Just a bit shiny.

"I scrubbed em down and put a bit of bag balm on em while you were out. Are we down with the games? I'd just like to know, cause you've a pretty good kick," he laughed.

Even now, I wanted to rip out this poor man's throat. I think he sensed it, because he left for work with me cuffed to the bed post.

****

"Mmm," Lucy smiled as she uncurled from her rest between her two mates. She suddenly felt naked. It truly was an odd feeling for her. She'd been quite comfortable with her body for a long time. She ran a nervous hand over her breasts and sat upright.

"Where is she?" A voice was too close for comfort.

The fear was close as she turned to see a familiar face. She grabbed up a sheet and bowed low to Le Rousseau as she said, "OH, it's only you, sir. I didn't hear you come in."

"You didn't answer my question, bitch," he calmly rumbled.

"We told her what you wanted us to. She left a few days later."

"Yes, I know. You can feel her, can't you. That is your only redeeming quality."

Lucy dropped the sheet and stood her tallest as she sniped, "My only redeeming quality?"

"You couldn't handle half of what I have to offer, my dear. That's why I rejected you the first time."

Lucy bristled at the insult and looked to Dominic for aid. His soft snores gave her no satisfaction.

"They sleep because of me. No one will protect you if you answer me wrong," he yawned as he moved closer to her and held her jaw in his hand. "A continent, if you would."
