 I tried a few half- hearted escapes, for my mind's sake, but I knew I'd at least get a new location. Breck took it with little emotion. I was a bit itchy from the skin drying soap he'd used to scrub me clean. I was boarded into a small plane with no windows and plenty of unfriendly women. The whole thing was carpeted and there were couches bolted to the floor. Two Asian men took possession of me and set me down on the nearest couch. 

Breck smiled and said, "What? No gratuity?"

The two men looked at each other and then back at him. The women moved close to me and gave a half-smile as I was given a jacket and a blanket to cover my baggy t-shirt and shorts. They both ushered him quickly off of the plane and gave a signal for the girls to be seated. The women squeezed in next to me and fastened my belt for me. 

The men spoke with familiarity in a foreign language and ignored everyone else as the plane took off. By the way that they glanced casually at me, I knew the majority of the conversation was of me. I was offered a pillow and rested with my head back for the hours that we were together. 

The women turned out to be nice and of many ethnicities. They were admitted prostitutes in the employ of the master; whoever that was. Their smiles and low giggles were a bit unnerving, but they did their best to make me comfortable. I was managing to have conversations with each woman, though at times I didn't know what I was saying to make them so at ease. 

Toward the end of the flight, the men got up from their side of the plane and gave the girls a short command. They stiffened and looked away from me. I looked up at the two and they seemed surprised that I would make eye contact. The lead one took my hand and turned it to expose my palm. He ran his hand up my arm until I pulled myself from his grasp. He smirked and made a comment to his partner. I felt something was happening, that I didn't understand. They reseated themselves and spoke on a phone. We landed quickly, and I was moved through a series of walled corridors. The man that had taken an interest in my arm gripped my elbow and held me back from the group.

"What is your trick?" He boldly asked.

"Trick?" I wasn't sure what he was saying.

"You spoke so freely with the girls. What did you do to them?"

"I..." I instantly knew the truth, that I didn't know what he was talking about. I just thought they were friendly, sort of. When I looked at him as innocently as I could, he moved me back in with the others.

We were loaded into a van and driven through a big city. There were all sorts of people on the street. I couldn't figure out where we were. I think they did it on purpose. The vehicle finally turned onto a small road and then a smaller drive until we came to a steel gate. The thing hinged open and the van rolled into a tight garage area in front of a small house. It seemed overgrown with trees and prickly bushes. 

I doubted that half of us could fit in the tiny place, but then I turned the corner and saw the rest of the place. It was a home built into the side of a hill with various levels of glass clad spaces. We were herded through the kitchen and down into a padded hallway. Each girl went to her respective room along this corridor until it came to me. 

The two men showed me to a small cubicle with a bed and a low table facing back toward the door. The leader pointed to the door and told me to remember it. I then noticed that all of the doors were subtly different in color. Mine was the ocean blue door with the purple lettering. 'Ocean blue with purple lettering,' I thought to myself. It was definitely a beautiful script but I couldn't read it. I was led to a broad tiled pool. There were several very beautiful women all over the place. I felt immediately odd. A raisin in the rice pudding came to mind. I was allowed to slip into a shower and wash myself for the first time in a few months. I tried not to imagine the feeling of Breck or Mike washing my skin. My skin was so ashy dry that I just let the water flow over me. I felt my nappy hair and washed it out. I tried to finger comb it, but it hadn't been combed for weeks. I was escorted back to my room and I dropped down on the bed to sleep.

*

He'd watched from a distance when she was unloaded from the plane. She crouched low and curved her back to match the height of one of the men. Everything about her screamed submission. Except for the way that she looked at his man. The unflinching gaze was rewarded with a shove toward the van. He slid into his car and rolled in ahead of the lead car. The extra security would make sure that she was protected from the prying eyes of the city. 

Once she was at the compound, she didn't raise up once. She really had spent the entire time on her back. He would have to get her swimming to stretch her constricted back muscles. He walked down to her room and kneeled next to her as she slept. She'd pulled her knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. He marveled at her ability to sleep in this constricted way. It possibly had been the only way that she could sleep peacefully. He would allow her to sleep for as long as she needed to, then he would start to acclimatize her back to normal life.

***

Rousseau traced a pattern in the condensed water off of his glass of vodka. The people he'd requested an hour ago, strolled in casually. Dominic was allowed in as he held Lucy's hand. Jimmy followed and held the door for Sheila, the petite blond pacifier that had been screwing the bouncers. They joked and smiled with each other until Rousseau slammed down his glass.

"Sit!" He barked.

They all dropped to a chair with their eyes diverted from his.

"A continent, Lucy," he smoothly ordered.

She closed her eyes and then opened them quickly. "She doesn't know. She was on a plane. She's very tired. She didn't even give me a fight to get into her brain."

"Damn you. I know," he grumbled as he sat back in his chair.

Dominic moved to defend her and was stopped by Rousseau's raised hand.

"You are no longer needed," the red head growled. "I appreciate your concern, but I won't kill her."

A stifling silence continued until Dom was out of the room. James immediately moved to stand next to Lucy, and soothed, "Now, cousin. We don't need to get so..."

"Agitated?" Rousseau looked up with his swirling eyes and smirked. "The investigator that I hired to get her back just stole her for himself. I need that place, and Lucy is going to tell me where she is."

James avoided Rouseau's gaze, "Yes, she'll tell you. I'm sure, since it was blackness in Lucy's mind for so long, that Ellen needs time to regain her gifts. She's been severely stressed. Just think of Ron before you try to force something out of her."

"You should have told me when I came by," Rousseau accused Lucy. The woman had acted as though Ron's being locked into canid form was a normal occurence.

"Thank you, Jimmy," Rousseau softly dismissed him.

James got up and lifted Lucy to stand.

"No, Jimmy, leave her here. I am invoking my privilege."

James looked at Lucy and he released her hand reluctantly.

"Thank you, James. You and Dominic will get the night alone."

Rousseau had been so dismissive that Sheila got up to go.

"Not you. We have some talking to do."

"Uh, me," she pointed to herself in an innocent attempt at levity.

As soon as James closed the sound of the club off with the door, Rousseau smiled, "Do you generally go around wearing so little?" He couldn't help but notice the ample breasts and well toned thighs that were plain to see through the sheer fabric on her crotch and draped across her breasts.

"Well no," she smiled back.

"I hear you have many talents, but you don't choose to use them often. Is that the same with your dress?"

"Only when I need a good fuck." The real Sheila didn't take too long to show up. "But, I only do big, fat, black cock, if you were wanting to know."

Rousseau raised n eyebrow. "I'm sure you'd make an exception for me," he moved her toward him and placed her on his lap. "Wouldn't she, Lucy?"

Lucy licked her lips and responded, "Yes, Master Rousseau."

Sheila looked between the two and smiled, "You can't be serious. I'll do anything, but I have to get my satisfaction from it. I don't get much from girls. And no offense, but you are definitely not gonna be big enough to make me feel anything."

Rousseau smiled at Lucy, "I'd like to see you two, first. It's obvious that you find her appealing."

*** It wasn't my fault. That rat bastard kept touching my breasts as he fit me for the clothes. He deserved to get a mouth full of fist. It's not like I didn't warn him off four or five times. Now, I was sitting in a chair like an errant school girl. This man that was obviously the boss of this operation sat on the edge of his desk looking at me. The slate gray suit with the French tailored shirt made him very in charge and more than dollar worthy. I tried not to soften my gaze as I noticed his intentional frown. His eyes didn't quite match the severity of his mouth. That kind of a thing made me want to laugh. He couldn't hide that he found me amusing.

"I will say this to you once, and only once." Toshi made clear as he studied her face, "Until you have adjusted, I am the only one allowed to speak to you. Your meals are to be eaten with me along with the rest of the women. You will learn to curb your anger, or you may never return to your home. You are not anything like my girls, and will not be treated the same. If you wish, you may choose of my servants. You may not have the same man or woman twice." I recognized the calm voice the instant he started to speak, and it scared me. He acted as though he'd just met me, and that he was happy of the acquaintance. I had no idea how to act. 

"This is a privilege given only to a few, here. When you are better, I will show you the grounds."

Why didn't he treat me with the familiarity that he'd earned in that dark smelly room?

"What do you wish to be called?"

It took me a moment to overcome my anxiety, but I managed, "Ellen."

"Ellen, yes. That is your name. I'm glad you remember it. Do you remember why you are here?"

I looked him in the eyes. I tried with all of my will to read him, but it hurt too much. I pretended to be confused so that I would have a legitimate reason to rub my temple. "Where am I?"

"This is a safe place. Those boys didn't take very good care of you."

I don't know why I thought toward him, 'Why did you do that to me? You could have just bought me without touching me.'

He, of course didn't hear me. "I am surprised you are even awake. You must be exhausted from your trip. I have made it clear that the staff is never to touch you in a sexual manner without your consent. They're used to the rather accepting women that usually come in here," he looked up to the ceiling. "Do you generally whisper?"

"Uh, no. I don't think so," I hadn't realized I was doing it.

"Then why do you choose to do so, just now?"

"I'm not sure. I'm tired."

"Yes, this is probably the most exercise you've gotten in months," he caressed as he offered me his hand.

I stood up on my own power, but nearly lost my balance. He moved in quickly and held me still. His arm wrapped around my back as he pulled me in to his hip with precision. I couldn't help but hold on to him in return. He walked me to my room and slowed my descent to the bed.

"You must answer me truthfully. There is someone looking for you. He paid a lot of money to find you." His soft voice was inches from my ear.

Rousseau. I thought I'd be happy to hear that he'd missed me, but I knew he would have an obligation to find any member of his pack. "Yes, he would."

"Do you think you are ready to return to him?"

"No. I can't," I felt my voice crack.

"He doesn't know what has happened to you, but he has ideas. I can stall him for a short time," he whispered back. "Why do you choose to speak softly when you should be protesting your treatment?"

"I don't have any fight left."

He sat upright and laughed, "Ho would beg to differ."

*** Lucy enjoyed her place under Sheila's light body. She pinched and sucked at her breasts as the girl looked at Rousseau.

"Isn't this enough?" She smirked up at him. "You don't seem to be getting much out of it. Maybe, I should just see what I'm gonna to be working with."

Sheila shoved Lucy aside and put her hands on Rousseau's crotch. She looked up at him and sneered, "I guess I'll settle for this."

"No," he smiled back at her. "You haven't been fully explored, yet."

"Uh," she let pass through her lips as Lucy's hands gripped her thighs. Lucy's expert lips quickly went to work. Sheila purred softly, "Wha...What are you doing?"

"Don't tell me," he leaned down to say. "You've never been pleasured?"

"Uh, mm." She tried to sound less absorbed in what Lucy was doing. "I've had ah... men."

"That's not what I asked. Lucy, she's all yours."

The petite girl let out a squeal when she was rolled back onto her back. The bigger woman had managed to keep her mouth in the same area that she wanted to be in. Sheila grunted as Lucy slurped noisily at the wide hole between her legs. The girl hadn't lied. She'd been with several big cocks, and possibly, other objects as well. Lucy shoved in her hand and concentrated on the girl's tight little bundle of nerves. Sheila became a ball of tense energy as she started to feel the pressure on her clit. She bucked and thrashed as Lucy explored her vagina with her fingers. Still in his chair, Rousseau coaxed his penis inside his pants. He would probably kill her, but there were always more where that came from. She'd signed the release without even thinking about it. He had been a good man, but there's only so long a dog can go without fresh meat. This one would make a wonderful meal. He watched as Lucy continued to shove her hand in and out of the girl. Sheila responded with low satisfied moans as Rousseau watched the effect this was having on his secondary. He finally moved down next to his brown bitch and pressed his fingers to her dripping snatch. He brought the liquid to his nose and inhaled. It wasn't quite right, but it would definitely do, tonight.

***

I woke up, still dressed, in my bed. I hadn't noticed him leave. That calm measured voice had lulled me to sleep. I'd told him too much. He probably thought I was insane. How could I have said anything. I'm a werewolf, I said. You should chain me up, I said. I would never say anything under normal circumstances.

There was a knock on the door as I was trying to figure out how much I actually said. The door opened slowly and he walked in.

"You seem better, this morning. You really do get to talking when you are tired. I'm sure you'd like to retract most of it, so I'll just forget you said anything."

His well kept hair was now loose over his right shoulder. I hadn't noticed it until it drew my attention. It shimmered like satin as he moved to sit down. I knew it was irrational, but I wanted to touch it. Braid it. Perhaps, his hair was as soft as I had imagined. I focused in on his eyes, because I knew I was on the edge of reality. Had I been drugged again? He seemed to catch my thoughts and gave his hair a brush back.

"Your body must have been very used to the mix that you're incapable of sleeping for a normal amount of time. The brothers had no idea of how to hold a woman for trade. Let's hope the time they spend in jail will give them a more constructive way to spend their time." He let out a long sigh. I guess, he noticed my eyelids drooping. "We'll wait until your body learns to wake you. Is that fine for you?"

I tried to not follow a particular strand of hair that seemed to drift just beyond his cheek. He whispered something in a language I couldn't understand. He'd been soothing me. I sat there with my hand twirling that errant strand. My brain couldn't process a word he was trying to say. He stopped speaking and just looked at me with eyes the same as mine. I felt myself smiling as I felt more strands flow into my grasp. I concentrated on the way that the light danced across his eyes as he leaned slightly closer. There was no smile in return. I let go and turned away from him. I thought to myself that I should just go back to sleep. His face had been so cold. I figured, a little surprise would have raised an eyebrow. Then, I felt it. Something moved across my sleep crazed hair. I turned back and he was rolling my hair between his thumb and two other fingers.

"Hmm, softer than I thought."

I wasn't embarrassed. A sister with some sense would never let a man touch her nappy head. He spent a short time with both hands on my head.

"This isn't customary. I wouldn't recommend doing this to anyone else. It could be taken the wrong way." He dropped his hands and left me to wonder at his detachment.

***

Sheila thrashed out her climax as Lucy lapped at the juices that were left on her hand. The girl had come so hard that it had been like a suction pulling the bitches hand and forearm forcefully into contact with the cervix. The girl had moved her around like a rag doll. Lucy shook her arm and looked over at Rousseau. Too bad she was on the menu. His eyes were closed slightly as he crawled slowly toward her.

"It's time, cher," his voice was rough with passion.

She held his gaze as he dragged her close and unzipped his pants. He gripped Lucy's hip and penetrated with not much thought to her comfort. She whimpered. She enjoyed the tightness that he always gave her. She still didn't understand why he never gave her it all. If her sister was supposed to be able to take all of him, what difference should it make? He pushed a little farther in, which was his limit, and worked quickly to his own end. Lucy tried to get him in more, but he held her to the floor and growled. She let him finish and rolled on to her stomach. Sheila had been watching Lucy's frustrating ride.

The small woman snipped, "You call that a fuck?"

He got her to her feet and pulled her into a separate room. This place had hardwood floors that had a thick sealant over them and nothing else. Sheila refused to enter. He smiled down at her and pulled off his shirt and pants.

"I thought for sure a rich guy like you would have a freak room," Sheila grumbled.

"Freak room? I don't need much to satisfy."

"Satisfy? Hell, that chick back there doesn't look too happy."

He reached down and idly stroked at her nipple. "That is because she was just the appetizer."

"Appetizer, huh? You gonna lick my pussy as good as she did?"

He pressed a button and lowered a chain and mesh sling from the ceiling. Sheila tested it before hopping in.

The girl gave a little moan of pleasure, "Now, that's more like it."

He knelt down and sniffed in the scent of her. His mouth started to water. He wouldn't snap her little neck. He'd try it like Dom, just this once. There was no harm in tenderizing the meat was there? He opened his mouth and tasted Lucy's saliva over the girl's clit.

End ...to be continued. 