 I felt something cold flow over me. I'd kicked off the covers in my sleep. I was so horney. I couldn't help it. That man had awakened my sex drive, and I was determined not to fuck some faceless stranger. I slid a hand across my warm breasts and felt the curve of my belly. I felt hot down below. My mind was still not quite there. I forced two fingers inside myself to quiet the soreness that was forming there. It didn't work. I raised my knees and spread my thighs to allow the slight breeze to tickle my exposed pussy. I was so hot. I massaged my breasts again, until I got the tightness inside. I gently rubbed around my clitoris until I couldn't stand but touch it. It sent a shiver through me as I thought of Sebastian between my legs. His warm tongue went straight to where it needed to be and I started to tremble. His tongue would taste the juices that were easily flowing and then relentlessly suck and nibble at my clit until I came. However, he wasn't here. I was by myself, and I wasn't very good at this. I tried pressing harder and finally got a shallow ineffectual orgasm. I rolled over to my side and started to cry. I was happy to come, but I knew I would need to do it again before I could get to sleep.

*

Naka Toshi heard the murmurs as he walked up toward his rooms. He turned and followed the noise to the monitoring room. Two of his benefactor's men were watching and discussing the various girls. They were especially excited about one of the new girls. 

"Once that one is free to be approached, I'll try her and see," the one closest to the door laughed. "Hey, she's at it again. What is that, the third time?"

"I don't know. I wish we had been watching her earlier. This could be the tenth time, by now," the other one smiled back then saw Toshi.

"There's something about a girl doing it for herself that gets me too interested. I think I'll go down there and..." The man turned and immediately got out of his chair.

"I've told you before, the new ones are to be left alone," he said as he looked at the monitor of interest, "until they are cleared for general use." Ellen stroked forcefully between her legs and rocked her hips. "Except for this one. She won't be put on the list."

They both looked as though they would protest, but they nodded their acquiescence instead.

"This one is going home. We don't want to explain any diseases or pregnancies."

"Understandable, sir," they both spoke in unison.

"If you knew what she did to Ho, you wouldn't even be thinking about her that way."

He quickly dismissed them for their meal and sat down. He shut the door and focused on her round breasts as she let her fingers trace patterns. She let out a gasp and a shudder went through her body. She'd obviously come, but she frowned and rolled away from the camera. She shook at the shoulders and settled into a slow breathing pattern. He waited the rest of the hour for the men to come back. He made sure that he pulled her disk and put in a fresh one. No one would make copies of this one. He put it in a case and shoved it in his pocket.

***

Little Sheila's breath came in happy sighs as he watched her continue the fevered thrusts that she'd started from his tongue. She looked up at him as she swung freely by the chains. He knew she was collecting herself to speak. He didn't want her to. He leaned onto her rocking body and pulled a nipple into his mouth. There was no sweetness to her skin, but that could be fixed. He closed his eyes and suckled at her breast until she put her hands into his hair. He tried to make the girls fingers feel longer. He switched to the other breast and felt around her wide vaginal opening. She let out a moan as he teased her opening with the head of his penis.

"C'mon, fuck me, daddy. Put it to me good and deep. Don't shortchange me, like her. Give me that big dick I saw."

He shuddered. He had wanted his illusion to last a little bit longer. He rose up and pushed into her. She let out a cry and wrapped herself around him. "That's it. Put it to me."

He couldn't think with her talking. He pushed into her with the usual tentative thrusts, until he came. He spewed into her and she snorted in outrage. She shook him and continued her speaking, "What was that? You better not have come."

He moved inside her and renewed his pressure to get all the way in. With the slickness of his sperm, he slipped nearly all of the way. She started to moan and thrash underneath him.

"Ooh, you're so big. I'm so full. Harder, big daddy."

He tuned her out as he pumped into her. Her talking eventually dissolved into a series of grunts and moans as he developed a full push into her body. He felt her start to tremble and then let out a squeal. Her insides convulsed around him and he felt very wet all of a sudden. He slowed and stopped the full force motion. She rose up slightly and kissed his arm.

"That's the best fuck I've ever had. Oh, god yeah."

She wasn't dying. She enjoyed it. He wasn't done, anyway. He started the same powerful pushes and let her swing back using her own weight. The chains jangled at every meeting of their bodies. She kept up the unyielding conversation as he raised her legs up to get more out of every thrust. She screamed again and the contractions started up again. He closed his eyes and dreamed of his bitch under him. 

The first night he would push fully into Ellen's accepting body. He dreamed of her eyes changing as he loomed over her. Their bodies would meet with the fullness of his power, and she would open. His seed would enter her directly, and she would be claimed as his, forever. He let himself go inside of Sheila and rose up slightly to look into her eyes. She breathed heavily and let out a sigh.

Perhaps, this would work out for the human. It was a rare one indeed that could take a mating from a prime male. Maybe, he could order another cow before his hunger became more unbearable. She caressed him and kissed everything that she could reach with her mouth. He pulled out and felt the rush of his sperm drip down between her thighs. She looked up at him and her eyes fluttered.

"Thank you," she whispered. Then, she let out a gust of air and closed her eyes. "I'm so tired."

Something rose under his hand. It seemed to fill with fluid as he released his grip. He looked down. She hadn't survived, after all. The raised hives raced across her body. He looked back up at her face. She was already colder than she should be. He touched her hair and sighed. A knock came, and Lucy opened the door.

"Should I save the eggs?"

He looked in her eyes and said, "No. You saw the reaction."

***

I woke up with a start. I was covered with a warm blanket. My sleep wasn't so great, even though I tried hard to relieve the tension. I looked around the room to see a partition had been removed to make my room part of a larger space. It frightened me, because I was definitely still naked. Someone had come in and placed the blanket over me. I heard this rustling sound over my shoulder. There was that man again. He glanced over and went back to reading this series of sheets that looked like a small newspaper. I had to go to the bathroom, but my clothes were on the floor far away from the bed. I sat up with the blanket wrapped around me.

"I've taken the liberty of giving you a full room. A larger bed will be moved in when you are off of that one," he said with a point of his finger in a casual way.

I stood up with the blanket wrapped tightly around me. He just sat there as if my being naked was a normal occurrence.

"Oh, don't worry. I put the cover over you when you went to sleep for the duration."

For the duration. He saw me. Man, I'd done it several times. I'm not very good at that sort of thing, so I was practicing. I didn't get off until the last try, and it wasn't so good.

"We have security cameras, so please be more...discreet when you decide to do that. There is no need to show them how beautiful you are."

He responded with curiosity as I felt my entire body blush. How many people had seen me?

That same controlled voice seemed to smile, "I took care of it. They were not sure what to do. They know to turn off the monitor if you decide to take a lover. It is the general rule."

Take a lover.

He glanced up at me from the paper, "You really should use some of the men. You've been here for a few weeks. You should have found someone by now."

"No, I don't think so," I made sure to hiss as I slid my blanket into a seat at the table.

I casually ate the food on my plate and drank the cranberry juice quickly. I was so hungry. I must have slept for quite a while, because I was starving. He sat quietly and watched me eat through the corner of his eye. I made sure he knew I was watching him read his mini-paper until my bladder couldn't stand it anymore. I wriggled out of the blanket and pulled on my robe as quickly as I could muster. I ran down the hall in my bare feet to the bathrooms. I was glad I had no underwear on, because if I had paused for anything, the urine would have run down my leg instead of in the bowl. I let out a soft sigh as I shivered the last of it out. Then, I noticed the pair of slippers standing outside the stall. I slowly opened the door to see the boss guy standing there.

"What?"

"You could have asked. There is a full bathroom in your quarters. If you prefer, you never have to leave that room again."

For my benefit, he averted his eyes and held my arm as we headed back to the room.

***

Dom opened his eyes as he felt the familiar warm, wet sensation. He looked down to see Lucy's capable mouth around the glans of his penis. The tip of her tongue darted across the sensitive nerve endings as he noticed James still asleep beside him. He unconsciously jerked as she took more of him in. She was still wet from bathing, so he knew this was to reassert herself into the relationship.

"How was it with Rousseau," he queried with a low voice.

She let go of his cock and sat on her haunches.

"It was delicious. She was warm and yummy. I think he might save a few cuts for you..."

He ran his hand over her face. "I didn't ask about the meal. You know I like to detach myself from that, now. What did you two do?"

"Nothing, really. He let me get my hopes up and half fucked me. That's why I woke you up."

She pressed herself on him to force him back to his back and looked into his eyes.

Dominic pursed his lips, "Did he come inside you?"

She smiled and said, "Of course, he did. He did those little short thrusts all the time as he filled me with his semen. That part was pretty good, but he held back..."

He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her closer.

"Did you come?"

She laughed and refused to reply. He pressed his lips into hers and she sucked on his lower lip. He could smell and taste the girl's cunt all over her face. She let out a gasp and pulled away.

"You're rock hard. Did you like it that I didn't wash off the pussy smell? I knew you'd like it."

He licked at her neck and she held his penis in her hand. She gave him a squeeze, which prompted him to say, "I liked it all. You're glowing with sex."

As she forced herself down over his cock, she hissed, "And you're not?"

***

Toshi stood stiffly in front of the monitors as he listened to the person on the other end of the phone.

- -I hear you have something of interest to me, Naka. You know you owe me at least three girls. If there's a new talent, I was to choose first.- -

"Sir, she is no talent. She is a rescue from..."

- -She's mine by rights. Clean her up and have her decent. I'll be coming tonight.- -

Toshi knew the delicate balance that he had to maintain. He would have to make sure that he wasn't blamed. Ellen had been very agitated lately. She hadn't been with anyone since her arrival. The man or woman she chose would have bragged at the conquest. He'd been trying for days to get close enough to broach the subject again, but she'd become silent. With his benefactor coming in from Xianggang, he wouldn't understand the situation.

He went to her rooms and knocked quietly. She was sitting at the window as usual. Her eyes focused on the forest below.

"Ellen," he roused her from her thoughts.

"Yes, Toshi?"

"We'll be having a party tonight for my master. He would like to meet you."

"Sure, I could use a good laugh."

He felt this sudden urge to warn her, but he knew that she would change her behavior for the good or bad. Her response should be genuine, so that he wouldn't have to explain that she wasn't a whore.

*

I wore my stiff dark red dress as I stood next to Toshi. He'd pulled his hair into a long braid that ended at the base of his neck. I still wanted to touch it, but the drugs had worn off weeks ago. I no longer had an excuse. He didn't look around at all as the women and men laughed and danced in front of us. I wasn't sure if I should have touched his arm and asked to dance, so I just stood with him. He was watching for someone. I knew the posture. He straightened his tie and took my hand. 

I wasn't sure why he'd done it, so I let him do it. He hadn't touched me since I was unsteady on my feet the first few days. He guided me through the group and stopped in front of a thin well-dressed gentleman. Toshi bowed deeply and said a few words in his language. The obvious superior bowed slightly and waved a hand dismissively. He looked at me in an odd way. I knew I was the only black girl, but he acted like I was the only black girl in the world. He nodded at me and I nodded back. He then spoke to one of his men next to him. Toshi pulled me toward him and said something in a rough tone.

"Nonsense, Naka," the man said in English. "She seems quite capable of developing a man's interest. Aren't you, my dear?"

Toshi protested, "Master, she's meant..."

"Nuna, why don't you talk to her without Nakamura's interference."

"I can not allow it," Toshi tried again.

"You'll do as you are told." The master snapped at Toshi. "My dear, Nuna's English isn't very good, so you'll just have to work on body language."

A few crisp unknown words made Toshi release his grip on my hand and the other man guided me to the closest room. He smiled softly at me, which put me slightly at ease.

He said, "Please sit."

I sat down and looked up at him. He continued to smile as he made some strange hand gestures. I didn't get what he was trying to say, so I raised my hands in confusion. He frowned, then opened his pants to show me a soft penis. This was about sex. I got up and walked toward the door. He grabbed my braids and pulled me back to the bed. I slapped him in his face to stop what I knew was next. It didn't work. Just as expected, he hit me across the cheekbone. It wasn't as hard of a hit as it needed to be, because I rose up on him and hit him right back. He stepped back and got into a fighters stance. I wasn't sure what to do. He was going to beat the crap out of me, if I didn't think fast. Then I felt it; that rush before I did something bad. He forced me down and tore at the top of my dress. He said something and forced my head down. I shoved him off of me and rolled up. He struck me again, this time in my gut. As I worked to breathe, I tried to stay focused on the door. The next time he was in the right position, I'd send him through it.

***

"Master, she's not a whore," Toshi tried to get to the door through the guards.

"She's obviously caught your attention. Every woman is a little bit of one. I don't hear any screaming, so..."

A low yell came from the door just before something heavy thumped against it.

"The monitors," Toshi commanded.

He hoped she wasn't hurt too badly. When he entered the monitor room, he saw her crouched over the man's body. She let out another throaty yell and kicked a groan out of him. He pointed the correct monitor out to his master and hissed, "I told you. She's no whore. I'm getting her ready to go back to her family. That's where she belongs."

"You never mentioned that she was violent."

"I tried to tell you to leave her alone."

"Get her ready for a proper introduction to my house."

"But, I just told you..."

"She'd make a brilliant body guard. Too lovely to expect such violence. Yes, it's settled."

*

I was in the corner with my arms over my breasts when they pulled their moaning man out of the room. The master man looked in on me and said, "You are not what I was expecting. When we meet again, you will be."

When they left, Toshi ran through the door. For the first time, I saw concern on his face. He knelt down and put his palms to my ears. He didn't say a word to me. I listened through his heartbeat as the party drew to an end. My anger seemed to flow down his arms and into him. He relaxed his hold on me, then ran his hands over my braids.

"You don't have to worry about him," he softly soothed. "We'll be on a plane by tomorrow afternoon."

"Why?"

He let out a sigh. "You know why I got you out of there. I'm a detective. I find lost girls. Mister Kiroji thinks he is entitled to the first pick. I knew when I first saw you that you weren't like the other girls I found. I've wanted to break ties with him for some time. I couldn't protect you in his house, but I can do better in my own."

I hadn't noticed how warm his hands were until they pressed gently on my shoulders. I held his arm with my left hand as I kept the dress up with the other. He noticed my motion and gathered the dress around my partially exposed breasts. When he was sure I had a good grip, he picked me up to standing and wrapped an arm around me. I felt his heart beating against my back.

My pussy said that he'd do very nicely inside. Hell, he'd been there before. I fought the idea and allowed myself to be brought to my bedroom. I didn't know what would happen if I allowed myself to seduce him, so I decided to get some sleep. I would ask him about the day he found me, that would push him far enough away.

When I woke up, he was there reading his papers.

"Why did you..." I couldn't say it. He'd been nothing but nice to me. He didn't lock me up. But, we would be moving again, and I didn't know where we were.

"I chose not to mention it when I saw you recognized me. I thought you would feel obligated to have sex with me, if I did. I thought you would ask immediately about it. But I think, you avoided the whole thing, because you're being hard on yourself. I saw that same look on your face when I took you to your room last night. Now, you choose to distance yourself by asking about it," he nonchalantly dropped the paper to the table and stood up. "Really, you can't bring yourself to talk about it at all, can you? I did what I thought was necessary to get you out of the place. Just as I will do later today. I won't ever touch you again, if that is your desire. Is that what you want?"

He moved closer to me and sighed softly, "That is what you want."

I didn't know what I wanted. Toshi seemed like he was kind. If my family hadn't found me by now, maybe they didn't want me found.

"If I did want to go with you," slowly came out of my mouth. "What would happen next? Would I be free to go?"

"You come with me, and I leave the girls to Kiroji sama. The way that you are now, you will need caring for. When you wish, you go home, and I hope that you are well enough to live with your family."

"What if I didn't have a home to return to?"

End ...to be continued.