 Rousseau dialed the number as he crouched in the tiny Hong Kong phone booth.

A formal voice answered. He requested Nakamura Toshi and got the expected response. Toshi got on the phone.

"I am here. Bring her to me."

- -How did you find me?- -

"I have many contacts. Don't ever try to keep her from me, again."

- -She doesn't want to go back to her family. She's afraid to. Meet me at your hotel. I'll show you why.- -

"Her family is perfectly capable of taking care of her."

- -Are you sure? She is unbalanced. She's been prone to violence. Wouldn't you prefer that she be able to control herself?- -

"She is my mate. I'd prefer to be with her."

- -That is out of the question. Ellen, dear. Do you want me to take you home?- -

There was a pause and a quiet voice said, - -No, I can't go back there. Not now.- -

"You've brainwashed her."

- -I've done nothing of the kind. You need to learn some patience.- -

The connection was severed after Rousseau gave his hotel information. This little man was beginning to become a nuisance. He hadn't been able to make a solid mental connection with her, since she went into his hands. It was as though he was stopping her from using her brain.

*

"It was him, wasn't it?" I could see by the look on Toshi's usually calm face that Rousseau had found us. 

I was deliberately cutting Lucy out of my mind, but I knew that Rousseau had old money connections. After I saw the video of myself, I realized that I would go crazy every heat cycle without even remembering. I needed to learn control, so that I didn't accidentally kill someone. I was going into heat soon, and it would be important for me to be locked away. I was grateful that Toshi still cared for me after the atrocities I could have committed. For the last few months, he would take me to the cell he had made for me. He would read to me over the PA and help me meditate until he was sure I wasn't listening anymore. When the time was over, he would wash me and work with me to maintain more attention the next time. So far, I had managed two out of the five days without losing myself.

"Yes, it was him. I will show him the discs. He will let you do as you please."

As was our custom, now. He touched my hands and then my shoulders before he left. My body hadn't returned to the way that it was before I knew what I was, and on some occasions, I had tried to take a bite out of him. He still looked at me with those solid, calm brown eyes.

"When you have forgiven me," he nodded to me before he left the room.

I wasn't sure exactly what it meant, but I knew he could tell that I was stopping myself from responding to him sexually. I never realized how erotic it was to have a man look me in the eye with openness.

*

The knock came to the conference room, and Rousseau quickly greeted Nakamura Toshi. He ushered him in and shut the door quickly. He recognized her scent immediately, and forced himself to calm down. It wouldn't do to hurt the only one who knew exactly where she was.

"I know this is hard for you. Just imagine how hard it is for her," Toshi began. "Since she came here, we have made progress in our effort to balance her response to certain things."

He walked over to the television and put two cables into the front. He turned it on and pressed a button on the portable DVD player in his bag. 

Rousseau couldn't help but let out a hiss when he saw her. She was standing up in front of a man. The obvious tailor was measuring her. When he came up to do her shoulder and breast measurements, she struck him. He attempted to rise and she straddled his chest. The video froze.

"This was the first incident. I felt that Ho deserved the first push, but she proceeded to beat him about the face until she was restrained. There are some instances in which she doesn't even remember her aggression. I have taken the liberty of recording all happenings digitally. I will leave these here for you. She has seen them and wants to gain control over herself before she causes a death. In some situations, she seems sexually motivated, which is why she has abstained since her stay with me."

"I want to see her."

Toshi sighed, "I can't let you do that. She has told me that she would run from you. She has done it before."

"I know," Rousseau growled. "I don't want her to do that. I won't have you poison her against me."

Toshi dialed his phone and had Ellen put on the phone. He spoke for a short period of time and handed it over, "You talk to her."

Rousseau took the phone in his hand and put the speaker to his ear. He didn't make any noise.

'Bon jour cheri,' he tried to send through the phone.

- -Hello? Hello?- -

He tried again, 'Do you really want to stay away from me?'

- -Rousseau, I can't be around you. You know. You can feel it. Just move on.- -

'I can't do it without you?'

- -You can't say that. Please don't say that.- -

'You are chosen. I can't change it. How do you think I'm talking to you?'

- -You need to stop looking for me. We had a great night together, once. That was before I started to go crazy.- -

'You're not crazy. I know you're not crazy. You are an alpha. If you would just agree to see me...'

- -No,- - she shouted loud enough for Toshi to hear. - -No, leave me alone. I don't want to be like this anymore. I want to go back to what I was before.- -

"You can't. You woke up, Ellen. You can't just go back to sleep. Those emotions won't go away. You may be able to suppress them for a short time, but you'll need someone. Promise me, you'll find a lover. A good one. It doesn't have to be ..."

- -If I never had sex again it would be too soon,- - her voice quivered.

"I'm sorry. Lucy said you were too sick to travel. I didn't want to see you like that, again. Then you left. I could sense that you were too weak to travel alone. I was told about your dog after you were gone for three days. It takes a LOT of energy to do what you did unaided. You could have died on that plane! Why can't you just stay put!" His apology had turned into a throaty scold faster than light. He breathed a sigh and continued, "It is a part of you. If you try to shut it down it'll come out some other way. I can help you. Come home."

- -No! Please don't make me do this!- - He caught, 'It hurts to feel you in my head.'

"Do what? I'd never make you do anything you didn't..."

- -You can't say that! Good bye, Master Rousseau.- - The connection clicked closed.

He sat there with his eyes shut and the phone cradled in his lap. She was right. Every word that she said to him had been out of torment and fear.

"Now, do you understand why I didn't bring her back? When I mention you, she shows a great deal of anxiety. She's not ready to return. She's not healthy enough to interact with anyone at this point. She is nothing but fear and her reaction to it," Toshi's quiet words threw salt on the residual emotion from her mind.

"Okay," Rousseau breathed. "You keep her...for now. But not forever. She will do what is in her nature. She'll give in to you. Oh, don't hide it. You will pursue her. When you do, you'll be gone. You probably can't think about anything but keeping her with you. That is why you are hiding in Kiroji's city. I am the only reason you are still alive. I suggest you move her quickly, before he decides he won't want her as a novelty. Try to hide her from me again, and you will be punished."

Rousseau wagged a finger at him and stood. He reached into Toshi's pocket and pulled out the copied discs with the uncut footage of all of Ellen's episodes. He raised them for Toshi to see and put them in his pocket.

"I suggest you have sex with her soon, before she tears apart that flimsy little cage you put her in. Thank you for the discs. Her sister will be happy to see her."

Toshi didn't show his surprise, but backed away from the tall man to allow him to leave the room.

*

I couldn't help but cry after I hung up on him. I could see his face. I knew what he had on and what he smelled like that day. He'd forced all of that back into my mind. He also reminded me that I was horney. I was so full of desire, I was afraid to let it out. I'd sure hurt somebody, if I acted on it. The poor man would surely die with a smile on his face though. I staggered back to my room and got into bed. Sleep had been the only way to stop the rage that would soon follow.

I was asleep so quickly. I was running again. My favorite dream. The grass was soft under my feet, and the sun was warm on my back. I had my favorite pair of shorts on. My legs weren't tired though I felt I'd been going a long distance. I looked behind me. There was no one trying to catch me. It was just for fun. Then I found a nice tree to sprawl out under. My body was calm and I had no reason to be anywhere else. Then I drifted off into that darkness just before awake. The swirling of images I couldn't understand. Faces that I didn't recognize would speak to me.

I could feel my body building up for it, again. I could sense that my arms were sprawled above my head and my hips were grinding the air. Oh, this was bad. I was waking up. Damn stress. I needed to get back to sleep before I made the change. I would not go into heat. I refused to do it. I willed my womb to calm down. I felt my abdomen relax as I dreamed of a hand rubbing my belly. It was just what I needed to draw the tension away. Another hand joined the first in the slow relaxation of my body. They moved to my thighs and pushed the sexuality deep inside. These weren't my hands. I opened my eyes. Toshi had raised my shirt just high enough to expose my skin. Toshi moved to massage my stomach again. I could have clawed his eyes out, but I didn't. He traced a pattern around my belly button which seemed to concentrate the pressure again. He bent down and put his lips softly to my abdomen.

"Uh," I cried as I felt myself grind the air again. My pussy was ruling me again. I didn't want to do this. I was gonna tear this man limb from limb.

His mouth touched my skin again, and I purred. I tried to stifle the last of it, but there was no mistaking the sound. He looked up at me and caressed my face. I pulled him toward me and pulled his neat hair out of the ponytail holder. He was so close to my face that I closed my eyes out of reflex. He parted my lips forcefully with his tongue and tugged pleasantly at my hair. I allowed him to move me over and place his leg over mine. He raised up and looked into my eyes.

"I don't want to hurt you," he sighed and moved off of me. "I'm sorry. You've said how you feel..."

I pulled him back in and growled, "Don't talk. Just put it in me."

He pulled back in surprise. "Okay, we'll talk later."

I opened my pants and shimmied out of them. "Now, please, Toshi. I need this."

He kissed me again and opened his pants. He hesitated, "I'm not prepared..."

"Yes, you are. You always carry one in your case. I saw it when I was looking for some paper. Don't make me beg you."

He opened his case and produced the condom. I helped him by opening it and slowly working it over his cock. The faker. He was more than ready for me. He'd probably been ready on several occasions. He just had more self control. Well, fuck self control. Literally. Why deny what you feel?

He pushed me back to the bed and spread my legs. I pulled at him as he directed his penis into me. 'Ow!' He'd gone almost completely in on the first thrust and stretched me. Ooh, it was marvelous to have a man inside me, again. It has always been frightening and pleasing to be held down in that way. This time it was more pleasure than fear. I knew he couldn't hurt me any more than that first movement, but there was always that pinch in the back of my mind. I met his thrusts with my own. He didn't make a sound when I dug my nails into his back. My legs locked around him to arch my back. I felt this whine in the back of my throat. I didn't want him to take it the wrong way. He might think a whimper was pain. I bit my lip and gave him my body. When I closed my eyes, I saw Rousseau on his back in bed. I didn't want to feel him. I wanted so much to be normal again. No, this wasn't heat. No, I wasn't going to fuck Toshi into a coma.

"Faster," I heard myself whisper. He complied with my request and I felt his athletic pelvis meet mine. 

*

Rousseau stared up at the ceiling. The hands fondling his nipples teased him into concentrating on the two lovely ladies in his bed. 

They enjoyed his company whenever he came to this part of the world. He had an agreement with many of them. He was sure to visit when he was really interested in testing his control. These spry little ones were so open that it was hard not to influence them a little. They washed him with sweet delicate kisses, which he preferred on some days. The lighter of the two pressed her lips firmly to his, but he didn't return the kiss. She responded with a sigh and went straight for his nipple. He knew she'd get a response that way, but worked to remain just as calm on the surface. He noticed his abdomen tremble slightly. He was getting rusty at this game. 

The other girl wasn't helping the situation either. Her tongue worked forcefully around the head of his penis. The two women continued to work at pulling a response. He finally gave in and let out a throaty moan. Their airy twitters made him want to mount both of them, but he would follow the rules and just choose one. The other would watch.

The End...To be continued.