 Nora watched the leaves as they fluttered upon the branches of the great trees that made up Krauth Forrest. It was said that the Gaidec raised the forest as a gift to the Daegra thousands of years ago, long before The Kyaga conquered the land and chased the spirit people off to Jagged Stone Cliff on the other side of Eagle Falls. Soon after, the Gaidec secluded themselves on their island and shut themselves off from everyone else, choosing to focus on their gardens and elemental unity instead of adding their strength to the constant war that plagued Aeradil.

Some of Krauth's trees were as big as houses, and shot up so high into the sky that they almost seemed to touch the clouds. Wildflowers and soft moss spread across the floor between the earthy giants and their thick roots that were oftentimes as wide as the smaller trees surrounding them. The bright rays of the sun illuminated the ominously dark scene playing out before the forest's edge, and Nora couldn't help but grimace at the irony of it. How could something so ugly take place in a setting this beautiful?

She stood stiffly, watching with stormy eyes as her twin brother stood before the Overlord, their father, and a crowd of people awaiting the ruling. A power suppressing bracelet was clasped over the pale skin of Trysten's left wrist, and he stood with his head held high. His fierce blue eyes blazed a trail of wrath over the expressions on every face before him. His eyes rested a little longer on their step brother standing beside her before he turned his gaze to her. His lips were drawn into a tight line as his crimes were read out loud.

Crimes he did not commit.

"Trysten Gallindo, you are hereby banished from the lands of The Dominion for acts of treachery and treason. The murder of Leon Hartwell with the use of spirit fire, and," Overlord Rhyn looked up from his scroll to study Trysten as he spoke, "The attempted theft of The Pendant of Draku, one of the six relics of great power. Do you have anything to say in your defense?"

"I was framed," Trysten countered defiantly. "Do what you must, but know there is a traitor in your kingdom, in your very castle, who wishes the downfall of your only heir. Remember that when your castle walls are crashing down around you,"

Rhyn fought to keep his composure as he glared at his only son. They stood that way a while, locked in each others gazes while Nora looked on in dismay. The two were mirror images of each other, it was as if Trysten was standing before his older self. They both stood tall and proud, assessing each other with contempt as they did most of their lives. The two never got along, and if Nora didn't know better, she would think that it was Rhyn's plan to rid himself of Trysten from the beginning.

She hated whoever did this, and she wished she could find out who it was so she could rip their bloody head from their shoulders. How dare they betray their own people this way? A hand moved to clutch hers and she looked up to see Serenad, her step brother and recently betrothed looking down on her with a guarded expression. It was announced earlier that day that she was promised to him, after the need for a new heir arose.

It was fitting, he had always been nothing but kind to her, but she wasn't sure if she was ready for that kind of commitment yet. Not to mention it was still illegal for Kyaga to marry and breed outside of their own race, so the decision to name a Naugu as heir would be widely unaccepted. Yasir, Serenad's mother, had dealt with resentment of her station by the people up until her recent death only five months ago. The union was veiled as a political decision meant to further unite the brotherhood with the Dominion, and it was true that there was little passion between Rhyn and Yasir, but it still caused a rift between the overlord and the people he was governing. Even with her barren womb, the citizens found in unseemly for the Overlord to marry out of his own race when it was still illegal to cross breed within the Dominion. Now, with her marriage to Serenad, she wondered how long those laws would last before an uprising occurred. Maybe it was her father's intention to change those laws, but she couldn't be sure. She turned back to see her father break away and roll up the scroll.

"Get him out of my sight," Rhyn snapped as he turned around. The guards snatched Trysten by his arms and started dragging him toward the border. Nora shook her head and bristled on the inside. He was a Prince only moments ago, yet they treated him like scum. So disrespectful.

"Wait!" she called, running to catch up with the men. "I will escort him. Go back to your posts."

"Lady Nora-"

"It was not a request, it was an order," she growled, and then turned to Serenad. "I will catch up with you later."

She watched in barely concealed rage as the guards returned to the gate, and then turned back around to continue at a leisurely pace with her brother. The trees stood tightly together, leaving little room to stray from the main path, but the twins had grown up playing in the canopy of earthy towers, and they knew every gopher trail, memorized every swaying branch and sprouting flower, and could arguably navigate the twisted paths while blindfolded. Once out of eyesight, the two dipped off into the cover of the forest, giving themselves time and privacy to share their final words before they parted ways.

"I have no words..." Nora began angrily. "This is unspeakable! Leon was an ally! I know you would never kill him."

"Nora, listen to me," he said, grabbing her by her shoulders and turning her to face him. "I think I know who did this, and I plan to make it right,"

"Who? Who would do such a thing?"

"I cannot tell you."

"Why?"

"Because you have terrible control of your emotions, and you don't have me to protect you anymore."

Tears welled in her eyes as she looked up at her brother. He was really leaving. She didn't want to imagine a life without Trysten in it. He had always been there for her, and now what would she do without him?

"Nora," Trysten began, pulling her into a tight embrace. "we will meet again. I will find a way."

'You always do."

"Yes, I do," he murmured into her shoulder. "just be patient and trust me,"

He began to walk again, and Nora followed closely behind him. She caught his wrist and held the cursed power suppressing bracelet in her hands. She wished she could destroy it, but it would take a collective effort to reverse the lock without a key. She slid her fingers between his and closed her eyes, allowing his momentum to guide her as she thought about what to do. But there was nothing. It was hopeless.

"I miss you already..." she whispered softly, squeezing his hand as she continued down the path.

"Don't fret, little sister. Everything will be alright."

Trysten's sudden stop caused her to bump right into him, and she opened her eyes to find they were at the edge of the forest Trysten turned to look at her and gave her a reassuring smile. It did not reach his eyes.

"I have some gold. It isn't much but..." Nora trailed off, untying the bag from her belt and placing it into his hand, "It will keep you afloat for a few days. Hopefully you can find work by then."

"Thank you."

Moments slid by, and an eternity of thoughts and feelings passed between them as they studied each other. They had never been apart, and the thought of it tore Nora to pieces. She held back her tears and smiled.

She would rather take a deathblow from a filthy Tourik, than have to watch Trysten walk out of her life.

"Oh, and one more thing," he began as if he had forgotten something very important, "I need a favor of you. A last request of sorts."

"Anything for you, Trysten."

"Well, there is a young girl held up in the dungeon," he said as he looked at her with a soft smile. "Her name is Aryn. I'd like you to pardon her, and keep her as company."

"...What? Why would you want this of me?"

"For one, She needs to be sprung from that wretched place," he said, turning away from her for a moment and sighing before he continued, "I also believe you will need someone to keep you company now that I'm gone."

"I don't-"

"Nora," he chided as he turned again to face her, his expression stern, "will you do it or not?"

"I..." she trailed off as she looked into her brothers eyes. Why was this such a big deal to him? "Yes, I will pardon the girl, if it's truly what you want."

"It's not just what I want," he explained as he looked at her with purpose. "It's what I think is best for you in my absence."

"I will honor your wishes, then."

He nodded and stood up straighter, looking out to the plains before returning his gaze to Nora. They were drawing this out, and they both knew it. If Trysten didn't walk away now, he didn't know if he would have the strength to go through with it. He took her hand in his and they both looked into each others eyes one last time, as if they were etching each others faces into their minds.

With one final squeeze, he let go of her hand and turned to leave. She leaned against the tree and watched as he walked across the great plains, turning every so often to spot her at the tree line. She watched him leave, gripping her chest as his figure became smaller, and even after he was long gone, she continued to watch the horizon, her tears falling in time with the setting sun.

She did not head back until night had fallen. When she returned to the castle, dinner had already been served, and the residents were in their private quarters. She walked the long, silent hallways to her room, and stood at the door with her fingers over the handle. She took a deep breath and pressed her forehead against the door.

"I was worried about you."

The sudden voice spooked Nora out of her thoughts and she turned to look in it's direction. Candlelight flickered over the face of a very concerned looking Serenad. In the dim light, his plum colored hair seemed almost black but for the soft light illuminating the deep purple undertones. His eerie yellow eyes practically glowed in the darkness, and his ivory skin was flushed from being in the sun earlier that day.

She brought her hands to her chest and turned to face her soon to be husband. She barely knew the man, he was very reserved. He had made himself scarce since his mother married her father, but he always seemed polite and friendly. She was glad to at least have someone to keep her company now, even if it was someone she barely knew. Although, now that Trysten was gone, it seemed she would have all the time in the world to acquaint herself with him.

"You needn't worry about me. I am a war maiden. I can handle myself." Nora assured him, taking a step back from where he stood before her.

"I'm not worried about your physical state," Serenad murmured, stepping closer in her direction, "I'm worried about your mental state."

"Don't concern yourself. I'm just fine."

He ticked disapprovingly and moved to stand just before her. With a quick snap she found he had placed a power suppressing bracelet over her wrist. She snatched her hand back in alarm, but it was far too late. She could feel her Kyaga strength diminishing into slower, weakened reflexes. She grabbed at the bracelet in panic, attempting to rip it off, but it was no use.

"What is the meaning of this?!"

"Your father and I agree that in your..." he trailed off, looking for the right words, "condition, you are a danger to yourself, and others."

"This is preposterous! Remove this vile thing at once!"

"I'm afraid I can't do that, my Lady," He cooed, pushing her against the wall with little effort. "You should calm down, you might wake the others."

She slipped out from underneath him and opened the door to her room. She attempted to close the door behind her, but he slipped in after, shutting them both inside. She turned to face him, and flinched at his speed as he advanced upon her, reaching out and touching her cheek with his fingertips.

"Unhand me!"

"I'm only looking out for you, my sweet," he murmured softly, concern etched in his expression. "Without him here, you need someone who will look out for you like he did,"

"By chaining me like a criminal?"

"It's only temporary. You know you have a tendency to lose your temper."

"Yes, I... I suppose..."

She continued to watch him suspiciously, scowling as he took a step closer to her. He was a wiry man, but she knew that despite his smaller frame, his strength should not be underestimated. The Naugu were agile and deadly, and Serenad was no exception. He stood only a few inches taller than her, but in her weakened state he was more than intimidating. His hand reached out again, and she hissed out a breath in irritation, forcing herself to accept the caress as the tips of his fingers slid over her jaw and down the side of her neck.

"In just a span of a few seconds, you have grown to hate me," he mused softly, a playful smile etched on his face as he stepped even closer. "I regret that,"

Her inhale was slow and shaky as she closed her eyes against the feeling of his cool lips pressed to her forehead. When she opened them again, the intensity of his stare made the joints in her knees feel like rubber.

"You should get some sleep."

Watching him disappear through her chamber door, she crawled between the sheets and tried her best to get comfortable. The stress of the day kept her wide awake as she worried her lip with thoughts of her brother on her mind, wondering whether he was okay, or even still alive. For all she knew the Tourik could already have him in their grasp, and the thought made her shudder. Who knew what would happen then?

She spent so much of her night in a fitful worried sleep that when she awoke, it felt as if she had risen from a drugged stupor. She looked around in confusion, and gripped the bed sheets as the previous day flooded back into her memories. Trysten was gone, And then Serenad's strange behavior...

She looked at the bracelet clasped around her wrist and grimaced. How dare he shackle her like this and leave her defenseless? Oh how she would love to tear his throat out of his treacherous neck, but she was powerless with that damned bracelet around her wrist. She threw her arm over her face and sighed. What was she going to do? She crawled from the bed and began to dress herself, her frustration becoming a slow burning rage that began to flare up within her. She had been defying the maids by dressing herself since she was a small child, but for once she almost wished she had the company of someone else with her as she readied herself for the day. Someone to distract her from her brooding thoughts. Someone like Trysten.

She shook her head and sighed. She wished he was there to greet her like he did every morning. She missed even the tiniest things they did together, things she used to take for granted. She would give her left wing to have him back in her life. But he was gone. And so were both her wings... Cursed bracelet. She glared at the black piece of metal as she headed out the door. She would make him pay for the way he treated her!

She stormed down the halls with a violent fury, sending maids and royalty fluttering about in an attempt to avoid her wrath. She glared into every face she saw as she strode through the castle. Damn them all! Every last one of these shit for brains in her way! She imagined tearing the eyes from one of the frightened maids and smiled. Ah yes, she would seek revenge on everyone in this Draku forsaken palace! She threw open the door to her fathers quarters, and walked up to stand by his side. He was sitting at his desk, mulling over some paperwork.

"Father."

"Yes, daughter?"

"You must cancel this wedding ceremony at once! Serenad cannot be my husband."

"And why," he turned to face her, "is that?"

"He... He is not fit for the position. He..."

"He what?"

"He placed a power suppressing bracelet on my wrist last night!"

"The bracelet was something I agreed to."

"But father-"

"Silence! You and I both know your history of emotional tides. The loss of your brother has made you unpredictable," He towered over her as he stood, "Dangerously so."

"But father I-"

"You will marry the man. It is your duty. I am getting too old to continue as emperor and have no heir," He yelled, "You will do what I say and that is the end of it."

"But he isn't even Kyaga! He is not fit for the position!"

"Maybe if you weren't born female we would have more choice in the matter!"

Nora blanched at her fathers words. She stared up into his cold eyes and saw no sympathy there. He was not the same man she grew to know as father, and it hurt her to know he gave no thought or care for her well being. To blame her for her gender was horrendous. She knew he had a lot to stress over, but it was no excuse to be so cold-hearted to his only daughter. His only child, now that Trysten was gone.

"Maybe if you weren't a blundering idiot who banished your only son, we wouldn't be having the conversation at all!"

He opened his mouth to retort, but she stormed from the room before he had a chance to speak. She fought back tears as she ran down the halls, shoving bystanders out of the way as she passed. How terrible life could be! She could not live with the thought of marrying Serenad. He was a manipulative bastard, and completely unfit to rule! Never had a Naugu ruled the Dominion, what was her father thinking! She shoved open the door to her room and found the creature sitting atop her very bed, watching her with a dark expression. They stared at each other in silence, until the door to her room clicked shut behind her. Before she could speak he was pushing her against the wall, his blinding speed too much for her slowed perception. She squeaked in alarm as he pressed her into the stone, placing his lips against the base of her throat.

"Hello Nora," he began softly, closing his eyes and frowning, "I've been awaiting your return."

"What are you doing here?"

"I heard your conversation with Rhyn. I'm quite aware of your thoughts," He murmured, "It's too bad, I really like you. We are going to have to work on your attitude."

He turned her so that her back was to him, and began to yank her skirts up over her hips. She snarled in anger, struggling against his iron grip as he pulled the dress over her head. He took both her wrists in one hand and pinned them above her, using his other to caress her skin. He trailed his fingers down her back and over her ass until his hand rested over one of her cheeks, and then gave it a hefty smack. She yelped in surprise, arching away from his hand, and turned her head to glare at him as he hit her again.

"Count."

"Go to hell."

"I won't stop until you count."

"Do your worst, plague scrum."

He began to rain lead handed smacks over her ass, and she gritted her teeth. Her bottom was viciously sore, and every time he connected it felt like fire was erupting over her skin. He continued on for what felt like hours, but she refused to relent, and soon they were both panting from exhaustion. He pressed his forehead to the base of her neck and sighed, pausing in his relentless attack to switch hands. He continued on again with the other hand, renewed in strength, and she bit her lip to keep from crying out. The act was more demeaning than it was painful, but she would not relent either way. The bastard would not get her submission. She would rather die than give him the satisfaction.

Serenad began to slow his assault, and finally stopped, sighing heavily into her hair as he pressed his clothed body against her nude one. With a frustrated huff, he yanked her flush against himself, holding her close as he pressed his lips against her ear.
