 "The tracks are still fresh," Farias murmured as he examined a patch of disrupted soil off the edge of Krauth Forrest. "Looks like there was a struggle."

"Take a look at this," Jahren called from a few feet away. "Someone tried to cover them."

Farias stood and made his way over to the spot that Jahren was looking into, and noticed the way the earth had been tampered with.

"This is the work of an elemental," he began, and then shook his head as he took a deeper look. "No, no. That's not right. This is clumsy work. Someone who isn't used to controlling elements."

"The Gaidec start training their kin young. A child maybe?" Jahren mused softly, running the tips of his fingers over the sifted soil. "Although, I don't see any small tracks. Maybe they were carried?"

"Mmm, I don't think so," Farias scrutinized the prints with a thoughtful gaze. "From the size and depth of these footprints, I'd say a male adult was the one struggling. Why would they cover their own footprints? That doesn't make any sense."

"Could be the Naugu," Jahren drew back to study the scene from afar. "It adds up. They may have fed on the Gaidec and borrowed the power, but it doesn't mean they have the skill to use it."

"It's the best answer we have at the moment," Farias replied with a sigh, "but that poses an even greater question. What would the brotherhood want with an elemental?"

"Take it from a brother of the fallen," Jahren turned his gray blue eyes in his companions direction. "The Dominion is a nasty bunch. Who knows what kinds of things they have going on behind the scenes?"

"What are you implying?"

"When I was still acting as a double agent, I caught wind of certain... Experiments, among other things. For all we know these Gaidec are just glorified Pitri dishes to the Naugu."

"That's disgusting," Farias growled. "I refuse to believe the Kyaga have any knowledge of it."

"As far as I'm aware, they don't," Jahren explained as he stood up. "The Kyaga may be violent, but they at least have respect for their enemies. The Naugu have always been heartless animals."

"I've never seen anything good in that plague of a race, it's a wonder that-" Farias stopped mid sentence and dipped behind a tree, waving to his comrade to do the same. The two fell into hiding and silently watched as a single woman appeared from beneath the canopy of trees. Her hair was as white as paper, and her ice blue eyes glittered with anger as she slipped through the trees with a quickness that attributed to her knowledge of her surroundings. Farias held his breath while she approached, praying that she didn't notice them as she passed by.

"I'll kill him in his sleep if I have to!" she muttered angrily to herself. "He's crossed the damn line! I'll run this government alone, customs be damned! Who said a woman can't be Overlord anyway?"

Farias turned to give Jahren a surprised look. Nora Gallindo? The notorious brazen princess of the Dominion herself? But she was Kyaga! Surely she would have sensed them by now. He watched as Jahren pointed to his wrist, and then looked back to her. Ah, she was wearing a power suppressing bracelet. But why? He pursed his lips as she walked directly past them and stopped.

He held his breath at the sight of her. His first glance did not do her any justice. Her hair was so silver, that at first it seemed to glow like mist on a moonlit night. But as the sun hit her tightly knit braid, something about the strands glowed from within, like the cascading orange and red hues in a sun set sky. It was so curiously subtle he almost didn't notice at first. He wondered at the color; maybe she tinted it with dye? No... Something about this women seemed as if she was above such trivial nonsense like that. She wore men's clothing tailored to fit her body, the only thing accenting her feminine charm was the suede leather corset she wore almost painfully tight around her bodice. It was as if the corset itself was the walls around her self control, holding her in and giving her composure. She seemed lost in thought, and the way she walked suggested that she was more than angry with whatever she was mumbling about. Even more curious was the fact that she was covered from head to toe in clothing on such a hot day. Was she frail and prone to shiver at the slightest breeze?

No, that was another mistaken assessment. She looked strong, supple; a heavy handed warrior in all aspects. He could see the sheen of sweat glistening on the nape of her neck, and considered other reasons why she might suffocate herself the way she was. Maybe she was simply a modest women, but somehow that didn't seem right either. Not that she didn't have self respect, no. It was more or less that she didn't seem the type to cower behind clothes or, well, anything for that matter. She was not one who would be ashamed of herself, or her body. So what was she hiding behind all of those layers? He almost choked on a shaky exhale as she stopped and turned so suddenly, observing the ground they had been looking at only a moment before. He was wrong about her eyes as well. They weren't just a blue like any other Kyaga. They had a stormy color about them, like the crashing waves of the ocean during a heavy rain. Inside those deep, swirling irises held a storm unlike any he had ever seen before, the tidal waves of her inner turmoil lapping away at his soul as he was lost in their watery depths. He could drown in those eyes and die a peaceful death.

The sound of her voice brought him back to focus.

"What the hell happened here?" she pondered softly, kneeling to look at the tracks they had been following before.

Jahren and Farias took the chance to slip into the trees while she was distracted, and continued to watch as she looked around the surrounding area. If she was a skilled tracker, it wouldn't be long before she picked up on the lighter trail they left behind when they scurried into hiding. Just as Farias suspected, the young woman was quick to pick up on the lighter footsteps leading to where they were hiding.

She followed the trail up to the tree, and looked up in time to find Farias dropping down to ambush her. He made quick work of subduing her and looked around for Jahren. She thrashed around in his arms but it was futile to be fighting with the bracelet handicapping her. He hushed her softly and thought of a way to calm her down. An irrational thought called him to hold on and never let go. He wanted to ride the waves of her fury, of her passion. He wanted to meet her storm head on and see what she hid behind that rigid exterior. But he knew that he couldn't do that. She was the enemy, and he would be stupid to let himself entertain such ideas.

"Cooperate and I'll let you go," he stated calmly. "I'm aware of the bracelet. It's no use to resist. I could easily take you captive now if I chose, but that is not my intention."

She relaxed and nodded her head. He released her from his hold and she spun to face him, a dagger in each hand. Her gaze snapped between he and Jahren, scowling even deeper as she looked them up and down. His mouth curled at the edge as he watched her move. She was so quick and graceful, even handicapped as she was. He hadn't seen where she pulled the daggers from. There was no fear in her eyes, only anger and suspicion.

"What are you doing here, pigeon?" she growled, "and you! I see your eyes, Daegra mutt. Why is a Kyaga working with the republic?"

"We were tracking a missing person, and they led us here," said Jahren. "The subject was taken in Kaharin territory, and dragged all the way here. An abduction like this is a breach of our treaty. This is grounds for war."

She seemed shocked by his words, but worked quickly to guard her reaction. Her expression was unreadable, and it only drew Farias deeper in. She was such a mystery, this woman, and he wanted to know more.

Focus, you silly bastard. This isn't the time.

"This is not the work of the Dominion. If it was, I'd know about it. This is an act of treason, and when the culprit is weeded out, I assure you he will be taken care of."

"And we should simply take your word for it?" Farias chuckled, determined to unhinge her. He needed to see that storm in her eyes come to life, "listen little bat, I trust you about as far as I can throw you. No, actually, I reckon I could throw you pretty far, so let's just leave it at this: I have no reason to believe this will be taken care of. The Dominions track record states otherwise."

"You listen, and you listen well, you feathered gosling," she snapped, bristling at his condescending attitude, her eyes narrowing as they fluttered back and forth between Jahren and Farias, "if the Dominion wanted war, we wouldn't be pussy footing around behind your back like a bunch of cravens! We have enough on our hands as it is to be dealing with a bunch of snooping pigeons."

"You should be careful how you flap that jaw of yours, considering your disadvantage at the moment, little bat," Farias returned with feigned irritation. He fought to hide his amusement as her expression darkened even more. She adjusted the grip on her daggers, as if preparing to strike out in her anger.

"Call me that again and I'll have your pretty white wings framed above my bed."

Farias admired her ferocity. Her nickname 'Nora the Ferocious' was no exaggeration, and it baffled him just how rash she could be in a situation like this one. Any other Tourik, and she would have already been cut down where she stood, yet she gave no care for her own safety, and did little to hold her tongue around them. It was reckless, yet admirable. He wanted to draw that fire out and hold it in his hands. Damned if he was burned by it, he didn't care. There was something about her that just drew him in, and he felt like a moth to her flame. He wanted more.

"Give me a good reason why the Dominion isn't begging for a war, and I'll think about swaying the vote against it in court," Farias offered, uncrossing his arms and regarding her with a wry smile.

"Telling you something like that would only further your own agenda," she snapped back angrily, and Farias fought against a smile as he imagined her to be a small kitten hopping around with it's hackles raised and it's claws out. "If you want war, then you will have it."

"My lady," Jahren intercepted with an even tone, shooting Farias an irritated glance before continuing. "We do not want war. We want to know what happened to our friend."

"I'm sure you do," she snapped. And then closed her eyes, sighing as if in resignation. Farias frowned at the sudden pain in her expression. He watched as that fire was swallowed up in a whirlpool of anguish, and it took all the self control he had not to reach out and comfort her. Instead he clenched his jaw tight and waited for her to continue. "Listen. My brother was recently framed for murder, and in turn banished from our lands completely. I suspect a coup, but at this time I have little knowledge, and no one is heeding my opinion. I have a sinking suspicion that these tracks were meant to lead you here, if you get my meaning. Who ever it was, they killed a friend of mine as well. They burned him alive, in his own chambers."

The forthcoming admission took him aback. He wondered why she would be so honest about something so personal? The wound seemed very fresh, and the haunted look in her eyes made him wish he could take it all away, to take those broken pieces of her soul and hold them in his hands. She tried to hide it behind indifference, but he could see the raw ache behind her eyes as she fought back tears she must have been battling for sometime now. He suddenly felt guilty for pushing her into anger. She seemed... Broken wasn't the right word. But he could tell her soul was cracked, dented and battered in places from abuse, and it angered him.

"I see. You certainly do have a lot on your plate then," Farias finally said, trying to salvage the situation by soothing her and easing her stress, "I can make no promises, but we will see what we can do about the ruling."

"Don't waste your time, pigeon. I can practically taste your blood on my spear already," she grinned wickedly as she spoke, all of her sadness and fear melting away as if it had never been there. The mask was back in place, and she glared at him like a wild animal stalking it's prey. "Just make me one promise, bird scum. When our armies meet on the field of battle, your feathered ass is mine."

That's my girl

He fought the urge to shake his head in shock at his own thoughts. His girl? Was he crazy? He needed to stop before he got ahead of himself. Chances were, he probably wouldn't see her again, and if he did it would be on an open field, weapons in hand. But even as he chastised himself, he knew he couldn't help it. She had his heart in a vice grip, and she didn't even know it. He let himself smile as he sized her up once more before replying.

"As you wish, little bat."

Nora scowled again, but said nothing as she turned and disappeared into the Forrest. Jahren and Farias opened their wings and lifted themselves into the sky, eager to return to Phoenix before Nora had the time to warn her people of their existence. Farias couldn't shake the encounter. Her misty locks of hair and those stormy eyes would be engraved on his soul as long as he lived. He chose to break the silence with a bit of easy conversation, but couldn't help but bring her up. She was the only thing on his mind.

"I guess it's safe to assume that if it weren't for the bracelet, that entire encounter would have ended quite differently," Farias began as they fled quickly through the great plains. "Something tells me she wouldn't have been nearly as cooperative."

"You assume correctly," Jahren laughed. "It's a wonder she didn't recognize me. if she did, it may have ended badly with or without the bracelet"

"I'm sure. As it stands, I almost regret not seeing her in action."

Jahren gave him a side long glance and he grimaced. Of course his friend would have noticed how enraptured he was with the woman. But hell, how could he not be? She was like a siren, a goddess kissed in fire and cradled in the eye of a storm, as if the chaos and danger was a womb she cocooned herself in. The gravity that pulled him to her lay in her abrasive aggression, because he wanted to shave away all those sharp edges and covet the soft core beneath. He could see there was so much more beneath all that armor, and he wanted to strip her bare and see it for himself.

"I forget. You weren't in the front lines during the last battle. Still a temple healer at the time, if I recall correctly," Jahren chuckled softly, probably hoping to remind him how dangerous she really was. "Yes, you missed a sight. Her brother is equally terrifying, though you would never guess it from his typical demeanor."

"Is that so? I would have expected him to be as hot headed as his sister."

"Not in the slightest. He's actually quite the pacifist when he has the choice. But don't think that makes him a coward," Jahren continued. "It's a shame he was banished. He could have changed a lot of things for the better. I had hoped to work with him in the future."

if I could handle seeing him again.

Jahren shook his head and frowned. He put those wayward thoughts back into the little black box at the back of his mind where they belonged, and focused on the conversation at hand.

"Since when has something as simple as that stopped an heir from slashing his way to the throne before?" Farias asked. "It's unlike a Kyaga to accept a such a fate so easily."

"You don't know Trysten," Jahren sighed. "He never had interest in the throne. If he slashed his way through the Dominion for anything. It would be to make sure Nora is safe."

"They must be very close."

"You have no idea. Even now, I sense a stirring in the wind. They will fight their way back to each other somehow, and up heave the entire continent in the process."

"You don't seem very worried about it."

"Call it my tree gifted intuition, but I have a feeling we will be hearing from the heir, one way or another," Jahren said with quiet conviction. "Whether we wage a war or not, this conflict is far from over."

"So what are you trying to say? That we go ahead with the war? Send more good men to the slaughter on a whim?"

"The Dominion is weakened, disheveled. With the Prince on our side, we could rebuild the treaty and even strive for true peace," Jahren explained. "This could be the only chance we have. I would bet my life on this endeavor."

The two were silent as they glided over the plains leading toward Phoenix falls. Farias wanted to be skeptical, but Jahren's intuition was never wrong, and he had grown to rely on that insight more times than he could count. But even then, it was hard to imagine such a far fetched idea coming to fruition. Not to mention it would put him on opposite ends with that ashen haired harpy. Although... He did make her that promise. The corner of his mouth twitched in amusement.

Clashing weapons with her would be better than sex. A bit of foreplay in itself, I'm certain.

"So we should push for war, then?"

"Yes. If I am correct, then our best tactical decision would be to utilize this breach of the treaty," Jahren explained as they neared their base of operations. "If Trysten intends to fight the Dominion, it would make sense for him to try and ally with us."

"But that doesn't mean he will. The Kyaga are very prejudiced. I can't imagine he would be willing to work with his born enemy."

"Trysten is different. Just... Trust me on this," Jahren said, landing gracefully beside Farias on to the perch overhanging the great lake. "He will come. I am sure of it."

"Let us hope you are right."

"Agreed."

The Kaharin stronghold was said to have been carved out of of the cliff beneath Phoenix falls ages ago, and was originally a temple of worship. It's halls were built from the stone beneath the heavy waterfalls erupting into the waters below. The entrance protruded from the cliff itself, directly beneath the largest stream, and it's stone arches were accessible by boat or air alone. It was the only known entrance to their underground palace, and it made The hold nearly impregnable. The main entrance was a deep hallway that held no doors, only statues, and from the outsiders point of view it would seem that the place was nothing but a hall built to honor the gods. The designs carved into the walls were so intricate that you would have never been able to see the creases in them where secret doors gave way to the passages inside, unless you knew where to look.

The two soldiers walked in silence toward the first statue on the right wall, a young maiden who held a hand out as if she were reaching for something. Farias took her open palm in his and turned it once to the left, twice to the right, and then left again before a door slid open behind the stone sculpture. They slipped in behind it and Jahren touched a place on the wall that closed the door once again.

"When I was younger, I used to wonder why my father pushed so hard to have you elected into the council," Farias mused as they passed through the winding hallways toward the courthouse. "I believed that putting a Kyaga spy in a place of power was a mistake."

"Many people still feel that way."

"They are ignorant," Farias replied solemnly. "Your insight has given us the upper hand in many ways, and not just the gift your Daegra blood lent you. No, your experience as one of them helps us see the truth in a better light. I'm grateful to you for that."

"Sometimes I miss them," Jahren admitted. "Leaving behind my family, my friends... The betrayal they felt when I made the choice... it was painful to say the least."
