 Author's Note:

A Drow's Dilemma began as a one-on-one roleplaying project and has been converted into a chapter-by-chapter format for weekly posting with the permission and assistance from my partner. It will contain a considerable amount of sexual themes such as femdom, lesbian, straight, 'reverse' rape, BDSM, group sex, romance, and other themes. The main goal of the story, however, is to tell an epic tale of adventures, gods and goddesses, fae, and nymphomaniacs. This episode and every episode to come will be available for free on Literotica for the foreseeable future. All characters that engage in sexual or suggestive situations are mentally and sexually mature: the human equivalent of 18 for their race.

*****

Episode 99: Boudoir

Their surroundings abruptly got hotter and more luxurious. Dahlia had ported herself and Caleldir to a large room where curtains of richly embroidered fabric hung from the ceilings and were folded artfully across the one archway leading out and across the many windows that revealed the literal Hell beyond the building. They weren't on a bed anymore - or, rather, the whole floor was a bed. Pillows were strewn across the soft surface, and strewn across those were several other women who looked very much like Dahlia did. A couple of them were sleeping, but the rest were all pleasuring each other in some way.

Caleldir lay on the cushions, disoriented for a moment until he got his wits about him and sat up again to look around. It was rather sweltering in here, but for some reason, his close contact with Dahlia prevented him from feeling any ill effects, or even actual discomfort. And there were several other succubi. He grimaced but decided not to speak unless addressed right now. Despite everything, Caleldir was still not that comfortable having sex where he could be watched doing so. Even the exceedingly long gangbang in front of the whole school was not sufficient to get him over that particular self-consciousness. Which was good, in a way, because it also failed to seriously traumatize him too.

"Dahlia, darling, you're back and - and what happened to you?! Who is that lovely creature?" One of the magenta-skinned succubi nearby exclaimed as she began to crawl seductively towards Dahlia and Caleldir. Her long, straight pink-white hair flowed over her shoulder and covered one of her orange eyes, which only added to the sensuality of her appearance. The confident possessive look on her face suggested that she was used to taking charge.

"Back off Lily. This one's cock is mine for now. Grab the rest of the Seduction. There's a task which all of us will be interested in," Dahlia ordered with a feral grin.

Lily sat back with surprise for a moment. She was clearly unused to one of her Seduction pushing back so firmly. Her eyes narrowed as she assessed the situation and her nostrils flared. Then those orange eyes bulged. That power... "Oh. Um. Yes, ma'am." 

It didn't take long for the Seduction to assemble in the bedroom around Dahlia. None of them were fazed by the fact that they were summoned by a sister who was still firmly connected to a male, though none of them suspected that she was actually rather more attached to the male than she intended. What they were surprised about was the power boost their once middling-class sister had undergone. They were also surprised at the beautiful, powerful male between her legs. Dahlia, at least, was quite pleased with the speculation.

He listened to them talk about him with a sense of wry resignation. His current audience seemed nicer than the Dinoryn gangbang he had been thinking about, which was surreal because they were demons.

"Alright, Ladies. See this lovely creature?" Dahlia asked as she hugged and ran her hands across Caleldir's back. "He has been loaned to us in exchange for a tiny little favor. He's lost one of his cohorts in Hell, or some connected realm - quite the kindred spirit, from my experiences with her. And he needs her back. Ashyr is her name and-"

"Ashyr?" a lilac-skinned succubus asked with a disbelieving grin. "Would that possibly be Ashyr Duskhaven? That ranger who was kicked out of her house because she couldn't keep her pants on?"

Dahlia blinked. "Probably? I spoke to a Selene Duskhaven about it... Do you know her, Lilac?"

The lilac-skinned waggled her eyebrows. "Oh, yes. I knew her." She nudged at the succubus next to her, her grin turning decidedly naughty. "It was, like, a century ago. Maybe more - I can't remember. Apparently, she was bored one day and summoned me. Complained that her man had been taken away and wanted some dick, but was in the wilderness at the time. Or maybe she wanted some dick because she was in the wilderness? I didn't care about her reasoning, but the sex..." Lilac sighed dreamily. "I kept tabs on her for a bit until she went to the surface. Fun to watch, that one. Thought about bringing her into our order but never got around to it."

"That is not a surprising story," Caleldir said. "Sounds exactly like the same Ashyr Duskhaven we are looking for. Technically, I belong to her now. I am curious as to how she managed the summons. When I met her, she was a very poor divine caster and had no arcane magic to speak of beyond that common to all drow aristocrats." 

"There is a ritual," Lilac said with a half-shrug of her shoulders.

"Similar to what Risa did when she put out a general call for one of us to show up. A mortal can set things up and wait for one of us to arrive. If one of us decides to. But it doesn't require much magic at all. Human peasants can do it, but we usually don't show up for them," Dahlia further explained. 

A ritual. Ah. Of course. Caleldir himself knew a half-dozen such rituals. Most of them were a bit more trouble than was worth it for merely calling something to have sex with, he felt. Then again, he had had more sex than he had wanted to have for quite some time now, so perhaps his perspective was skewed.

"Anyway, my allies and I really, really need to find Ashyr. So much so that they are willing to offer time with me as a reward. Which I did not agree to." His tone and expression matched his words: wry resignation mixed with mulish resistance. While he spoke, he sort of idly ran his hands up and down Dahlia's back, more to have something to do with them than anything else. He found the part where her wings met her back especially fascinating. She seemed to like it, since she made a soft, murmuring purr at the back of her throat and unfurled her wings slightly. "Any questions that you have for me on the target or the reward?"

The succubi didn't seem to have any further questions. Not for Caleldir, anyway. They were more interested in Lilac's description of Ashyr. Clearly their sister knew better what to look for when trying to find this Ashyr Duskhaven. They began to filter out once the description was over.

In the end, Lily was the only one to stay back. "Dahlia?" she asked with a playful bat of her eye. "I haven't coupled with anyone recently - you don't have to relinquish him, but can I-"

"Oh, you will taste him," Dahlia said. She was enjoying this newfound deference from the sister who used to be the most powerful among them. "If you do what I've asked. Special rewards for the sister who actually finds her. If you need a boost now, go ahead and finish someone off in the basement. I think we're about to have the means to bring more powerful creatures in." Such as some of the Duskhaven men that were briefly mentioned, but certainly not forgotten by Dahlia.

Caleldir winced. At least, with succubi, chances were that whoever was going to be finished off in the basement deserved it. Most likely. And there were less pleasant ways to die. Even less pleasant ways to die by sex, for that matter. Not that the fate of those who died via succubus sex was pleasant after that last orgasm subsided. Enslavement at best with oblivion inevitably following. Unless they were reincarnated as Stunted Succubi, of course.

Deciding not to think about it, he waited for Lilly to leave, then spoke to Dahlia. "You did not tell them that you are unable to get off of me," he noted. "You succubi work well together, that is true, but eventually they are going to notice that you are having them do all the work. I doubt they will like that."

Dahlia chuckled, the noise edged with more than a bit of embarrassment. "I hope to pull enough power before the Seduction notices how trapped I am." She shifted up and enjoyed for a moment the greater movement R.I.S.A. had given them. Then, as she had no other choice, she sat back down and fully engulf him again. 

This was a very surreal conversation. A hiss of intaken breath came from Caleldir. He briefly considered starting to thrust up into her again until another orgasm, but the goal of that would be to alleviate the constant arousal, and that seemed entirely impossible. So, instead, he simply lay back and kept rubbing his hands up and down her back, occasionally going to her rear to give it a slight squeeze.

"Mmm... as nice as this actually is - and as much power as I'm getting this way - I am vulnerable like this. Right now I am letting my sisters run off the assumption that I can get up at any time and make them do what I want. With a creature like you between my legs, they will understand my reluctance to help them. For a little while."

"This is not a very good posture for fighting," Caleldir agreed. "Now that you have alerted the seduction to the mission, what if you were to ask Risa to go back to her pocket domain? Maybe you will gain power slower, but you could pretend to your sisters that you are on the mission too."

Her lips thinned in thought. He actually had a point. Her sisters would be far less likely to be clued in to what was going on if she was gone from their realm. Then Dahlia let out a sigh of defeat that seemed to literally deflate her slightly. "Yes. We should go back there. It's not safe to be permanently stuck to a cock in Hell. We could be attacked by something nasty. Those situations are not very sexy. Usually." A smirk pulled at one corner of her mouth. "Usually," she repeated. "Alright, summon that A.I. of yours, then, and let her take us away."

Caleldir nodded. "I think that she is keeping an eye on the two of us anyway." He closed his eyes. After a few moments, a portal opened up underneath them, and with another thump that forced Caleldir deeper into Dahlia for a moment, they were back in the room they had been in before.

This made Dahlia far too tempted to bring both of them to orgasm again. Hey, that was the way forward, wasn't it? She groaned and pressed him flat onto the bed as she began to enthusiastically fuck him. This time Caleldir participated as best as he could, although her pushing him down did restrict his movements a bit. Once they climaxed, she laid herself back out on his chest. That was by far the most comfortable position.

Despite himself, Caleldir was beginning to be more and more fond of the succubus. Mostly because of the pleasure. Which irked him. That was not a good basis for genuine fondness. And so, he decided to try to strike up another conversation. 

R.I.S.A. floated in the side of the room, shaking her head. -Could not risk it, huh? Your powering up will take longer here... maybe. Hmm... I will try to bolster you myself. A little bit. I think you will gain more power alone together.- With that, the A.I. was gone, and Caleldir and Dahlia were alone. For the foreseeable future.

"Your R.I.S.A. is very accommodating, I'll give her that," Dahlia noted after she recovered a bit.

He smiled. "She is indeed. She has not forgotten that I helped to build her and is still very loyal to me. Even if she has outgrown me and my influences."

"You're such a prude; I'm surprised that you helped build something like her. People of your alignment never get up to those sorts of things," Dahlia said with a chuckle.

Caleldir grimaced. "Technically, she is still the same alignment as I am. But I did not design her with a libido. Birchborn might have, though. Rubella definitely did. She also was very bored for more than a thousand years. Summoned succubi to keep her company."

"Ha! Company," Dahlia laughed. "Succubi generally aren't sought for company by your kind. There must have been some fucky stuff going on with her creation that you didn't notice. But I shouldn't be surprised about that either. I've noticed you Lawful Good types are a bit blind sometimes."

"I see you have an overly narrow idea of the alignment." Caleldir sniffed. "I think that she called out succubi for company because they are easily summoned and not overtly violent, unlike other demons or devils. Also because Rubella, my fellow apprentice, was a Cambion, and later a succubus herself." He sighed, then grinned. "If you think that Lawful Good types are blind to sexual matters, as a rule, I know this nymph paladin I should introduce you to..."

"To be honest, I don't encounter much of your kind," Dahlia explained. "We just hear crazy stories about their greater prevalence on the surface - farther away from where I will occasionally visit. And how they are prudes. And that the Paladins never have sex. They always sounded fun to interfere with." She nipped lightly at his neck. "Our part of Hell is closest to Duskhaven city, so we mostly get people from there. Mostly the evil sort." She sighed. "Junk food."

"By succubus and drow standards, yeah, most surfacers are prudes," Caleldir replied. "I certainly am. I was raised to only ever have sex with my wife, that all other sex is forbidden. And part of a celibate order. I still at least try to only have sex with those women I am married to (after a fashion). Since being roped along with the drow, though, I have not really been able to live up to that standard." He rubbed the junction of their sexes. "Case in point."

"Well. I would marvel at such perceptions of sex... but I eat souls when people are pleasured by me. They can't help but offer it, because it is sex." Her shoulder turned up in a half-shrug. "For people who are fond of their souls - like you Lawful Good sort - I can see how it would mean something." Another feral grin. "That's what makes it so fun sometimes, for someone like me."

"Makes it fun because you are a predator and enjoy the challenge of the hunt?" Caleldir asked. "You succubi are quite different from nymphs or rusalka, although I think that those races are tangentially related to you. Have you ever dealt with nymphs or rusalka before?"

Dahlia paused to think, rather gently stroking his arm as she did so. Like a cat playing with a mouse it hadn't decided to kill. Yet. "Rusalka will sometimes call on our aid when they cannot get to men who have harmed them. We blend better with the mortal masses. They give us the men's souls in exchange... but usually, their souls are wan, broken things by the time we get our hands on them. As for nymphs... they are amusing creatures, but don't make much time for us."

"You would think that rusalka could easily blend in if they wanted to," Caleldir mused. "At least, appearance-wise. They just look like women with long hair. I think it is their mindsets that prevent them from doing so. Among other things, they are not keen on clothing. Neither are nymphs for that matter." 

"Their mindset makes them stick out," Dahlia confirmed. "I, and the rest of my kind can find clothing amusing to wear. Heh. There we are, blending with the men like some sort of mortal when in reality..." She chuckled.

"I see." He thought for a moment. "So, Dahlia? Do you mind my asking you where you came from? Were you born a succubus, or were you turned into one?"

"Me? I am an 'evolved' prostitute. Courtesy of Lilac. She likes doing that sort of thing. Apparently, I used to live in Duskhaven as a slave like a thousand years ago or something. Which I guess would have been back when the city was starting out, because I remember it only being a small thing when I first started stalking the area as, well, myself. Past lives are largely unimportant to us. I do know that I was a Light Elf, though."

Caleldir blinked. "A thousand years? That is... that is a long time." He took a deep breath. "I spent twelve hundred years as a mad ghost-king in a cursed monastery. I do not remember any of that. Cannot access most of the power that my cursed self had. So, I suppose I might technically be around the same age as you? Maybe a bit older?" He shrugged. 

"Is it? That doesn't seem too old to me. That's why I was only middling power before I met you. Well, and because my hunting grounds don't have a wealth of people like you."

"It seems like it would be at least a little bit important to know where we came from. What we were before." He thought a moment. "So, what it is like going from mortal to succubus?"

"I don't really remember. It was like suddenly I was alive when I wasn't before. Hornier, too, I remember noting. I have been what I am now far, far longer than what I was before. I don't think my original form defines me anymore. My conquests and my sisters shape me now."

"I have heard that the one thing that can boost a succubus's power more than anything is is 'seducing' a paladin." Caleldir mused. "I suppose that it is about the alignment and conviction lending strength to the soul fed upon more than it is the job description. I did not study succubi much back when I was a librarian. Possibly out of annoyance with Rubella, who was obsessed with them, I did not make your race a subject of my research. I confess that I am rather interested at the moment, though." He smiled wryly and gave her upper thigh a squeeze. "For example, I would like to ask you about the incubi? I know that they are much rarer than their sisters, although the drow are said to make use of them."

"They are popular in Drow society. Seems like every male ever has tried to summon one at some point. They make for more poetic punishments in a society that's dominated by women who get what they want. They are rare, however. So usually one (or a few of us) act as stand-ins. We can morph our bodies to suit us. I would demonstrate, but I have a feeling you would be disturbed by that." She smirked wickedly. "Lucky for you, I don't want to turn you off."

"You mean that you can manifest a penis," Caleldir responded. "I would rather that you not do that when I am currently attached to your vagina. R.I.S.A. can do something similar, I have heard, although I thought that was because she was an A.I. rather than because she was a succubus."

"Yup. It can be quite fun having a penis. As you know all too well." Her core squeezed briefly against his cock.

Dahlia's little squeeze met with the predictable reaction from Caleldir: a brief sharp inhale. How was it possible to stay at full arousal and sensitivity after having been inside her so long? And they had days left still to go... Ugh. Well, at least she was a good conversationalist. "My main question about incubi was more about what they are like, and how they are made. Beyond the obvious, of course. Mostly out of curiosity at this point."

"Incubi... well, it takes a lot of sex with a strong-willed male for that to happen. It can take decades for a Seduction like mine to accomplish that. If the male survives, then he becomes like us. Just... a little less ambitious. An incubus's life is even more about sex than ours is, which seems to tire them out. That, and they often remember something of their past lives and sometimes get depressed about it. Us succubi can only have pure daughters and can even have sons with them, though, so they are highly sought out. When we give birth to incubi, they are more like we are. Just. You know. Male."

"So, it seems that incubi are normally created from largely unwilling males of the top part of the alignment spectrum who then spend their time being exhausted from having a whole lot of sex with a small army of randy succubi. All the while they are mooning after their past lives and ambitions. Yeah, you did not do a very good of selling the position." He smiled a little, amused by his own joke, then looked serious. "You may be able to survive from mostly just sex, but I need to eat. I am going to try to get a bit closer to the table to get some food and drink. Do you want anything?"
