 Trysten sighed and watched the Koi fish swim around his bare feet as they hung over the edge, submerged in the cool water up to his ankles. He shouldn't have been so hard on the boy. Gods knew he had the right to feel the way he did. He shook his head and sighed. Those were his own people who were slaughtered like animals, and Trysten called it trivial. Whether he meant it or not, Jahren had every right to call him heartless. Just a week ago, Trysten would have reacted in a similar fashion when prompted with such disturbing news... But in the last eight days, he had seen so much pain and despair on both sides of the war that he wasn't honestly sure who's side he should take in the struggle. 

The Dominion was a corrupted slum of violent, temperamental people. But he knew those people, he knew their families, their children... And most of all, he knew their hearts. There were still many good people living under the Dominions rule, and he did not want to see anything happen to them. The Naugu were reclusive and nearly impossible to track, which lead him to believe Ohna was far more powerful than the mystics in Mire would have him believe. He wondered idly just how much of the Brotherhoods scheming were even their own ideas. As much as he resented them and what they were doing, he had to consider the possibility that they were being manipulated by a stronger influence. 

For what purpose he wasn't entirely certain. 

He had also spent many hours spying on the people of Eagle Falls, experiencing the daily life in the city of Phoenix, and he wanted nothing more than to give that freedom and happiness to his own people. But both sides were blood thirsty for each other, and it would be nearly impossible to find a resolution without bloodshed. He had no idea what was the best path to take, or what decision would minimize the losses. Nor did he know how to reach either side and make them listen. The Dominion was lost to him entirely but for his sister and a few of his old friends, and that still was not enough to gain any kind of support from the people. The Kaharin were immensely suspicious of the Kyaga, and many on the council would struggle trusting him, even if they gave him the chance to voice his opinions. 

So far, his best option was to utilize Nora's escape, and let her fall into the hands of the Republic. The concept was a risky one, and all of his protective instincts screamed against the idea... But he would have to push his personal feelings aside for the sake of Aeradil, even for his sister. His fear for Nora was strong enough to destroy what rational thinking he had left, but from what he saw of Farias he felt he could trust the man to take care of her. If not for him, Trysten doubted he could push himself to allow such a thing to happen to her. 

Allowing Nora to be integrated into the Republics culture would give the Kaharin a chance to learn more about the Kyaga. They had already come to trust Jahren, and so he hoped that over a period of time they could see and adore Nora the way he did. However, with Nora's attitude, he doubted it would be easy for anyone to look past her seething anger and irrational prejudice. Trysten hoped that Farias would have the ability to mend those flaws, and he felt that his gentle infatuation with her might act as a balm for her abrasive nature. After seeing Serenad's treatment of her, he knew without a doubt that Farias would be a better suited companion for her. The young Tourik was willful and stubborn, but he had a tender heart and a compulsive vitality that would mesh well with Nora's fiery personality. Farias handled Jahren's temper quite well from what he had seen, and he felt that in time he could act as Trysten had to quell Nora and help her to acclimate to her new life in Phoenix. 

Still attached to the world, brother? 

His blood ran cold as the deep voice attacked his senses. No, how could they have discovered his plans? He had been so careful! 

Okuo may be able to disguise where you have gone, but you cannot hide from us. 

"You shouldn't keep me here. The world needs me," 

The World has been this way long before you were ever a part of it, and it will continue on in turmoil long after you are gone. No amount of valor or good intentions will change that. 

"I have to try," 

You will not leave this place again. You are far too dangerous a pawn to be left to your own devices. 

"A pawn? I thought I was your brother?" 

To the rest of this world, a pawn is all you are. You belong here. 

"I belong where I choose to belong!" 

Trysten pulled at his hair as he struggled to push the voice out of his head. He did not have the strength to fight them, but he would try anyway. It was a futile effort, he knew, but if he could just manage to contact Okuo again... His departure was recent, and the traces of his mind should be easy to follow. He reached out desperately into the void, praying that something, anything would reach back and pull him out of this nightmare. 

It felt like he was falling down an endless pit, so deep that light could not touch it and bottoming out somewhere too far away for him to comprehend. There was no sense of gravity, no sense of reality in which to ground himself at all. His body was weightless and every attempt to focus a thought simply shattered and slipped between his fingertips at every passing moment. He could hold onto nothing. He could see nothing, hear nothing, feel nothing. 

He was nothing. 

I am so sorry. 

There was a soft light, barely recognizable to his weakened senses. He was so exhausted, so... non-existent somehow. Nothing made sense, and the light itself was frightening. It was chaotic in nature, an unknown factor in the scheme of things. It didn't fit with the picture that was being painted for him. Why was it there? Where did it come from? Trysten could not explain it. A hand reached out from the center of the light, devoid of color... As if the hand was the light, solidified. He wanted to run from it, but when it wrapped around his wrist, a calm washed over him. And with calm came reason. This was the rescue he had been hoping for. 

This is all my fault. 

"No. Do not blame yourself. The risk was necessary." 

Trysten found himself standing in the same Garden he was brought to the first time he met Okuo. The elder mystic sat on a bench near the lake, and it seemed to have been made from the plants growing around it, as if the bushes and flowers were guided to grow into the very bench itself. 

"Its a beautiful design, isn't it? Our council treasurer is Gaidec. He grew this garden himself," 

"A piece of home to have with him in phoenix, I assume?" 

"Jhelati is similar to Mire in the fact that once you leave, you are cast out forever," 

"That's very sad," 

"Yes, it is. Although," Okuo patted the seat next to him, and turned to look out at the shimmering lake, "unlike the Maeleq, Jhelati does not forbid its people from leaving. They are allowed a choice," 

"How did you escape?" 

"I was an exception to the rule. The Circle needed eyes and ears on the outside. People of influence." his smile was sad as he turned to Trysten, "They were not expecting my sister and I to change sides," 

"Sister?" 

"Yes. For a long time, we were both faithful to our brethren," his gaze was far off, as if he were staring at something in another world. "We were asked to do something terrible. Something we could not agree to. And in turn, my sister turned to vengeance," 

"And you?" 

"I turned to peace," 

"Ohna," Trysten murmured. "She is the one helping Serenad. I have yet to figure out their end goal in all of this. He seems driven by far more than just power." 

"You are exactly right," 

The answer was vague and left Trysten wondering why the elder was being so secretive. He wanted to pry, but he knew it would be pointless. The man was entitled to his secrets, considering how far he went to help Trysten with his plans. He owed him, and so he could live with the silence. 

For now, at least. 

"I wanted to speak with you alone," he continued, "Its about Nora." 

"She foresaw the attack on Jagged Stone Cliff," Okuo finished for him, "You are wondering how she was able to see something in the future," 

"Yes," He was cautious and hopeful. He prayed the elder was not evasive in his answers this time. "She also called Serenad the Forbidden, and the Imminent. Do you know what it means?" 

The mystic was silent and thoughtful. It seemed he was considering how to approach the conversation. Trysten knew that look and frowned. The mystic was considering how to lie to him. 

"I will not lie, but there are some things I cannot yet tell you," Okuo admonished with an irritated huff, "There is a Mystic in every generation called 'The Seer'. They can only be female, and the power is usually passed down from mother to daughter. Their abilities are infinitely more powerful than any other Maeleq combined," 

"How is she able to use her abilities without training? I was only able to harness my strength after I was aware of its existence." 

"The Seer is different from other Maeleq. Her power lays dormant until she is matured. If she is not taught to control her abilities, it can be dangerous for herself and the others around her." Okuo's expression grew grim. "However, if she does learn to control her power, her strength will be unparalleled to nearly everyone else in existence. The only people who could match her in power are The Trisect." 

"Aysha, Atari, Ashai," Trysten whispered, contemplating what it meant. "This explains my fathers desire to breed us from Lauralie." 

The mention of his mother caused Okuo to flinch, as if hearing the name was painful for him. He must have known her personally, and the thought only made for more questions in Trysten's mind. Questions that would go unanswered, he knew. 

"I need to speak with Farias," 

"I am aware. I am in contact with him as we speak," Trysten's questioning glance made him chuckle. "I've had a lot more practice at this than you have. I can maintain up to five separate connections at once," 

"Five?" 

"My ability to multitask is necessary in this line of work. You will learn the way as you go," he stood from his place on the bench, and the garden began to fade away into the black void Trysten had been in before. "I will connect you now, and give you both the privacy you need." 

"What will happen to me once the connection ends?" 

"That is entirely up to you, young one," his explanation was vague and infuriating. "Just remember. In a battle of the mind, if you will it, it will be so. They cannot do anything you do not allow them to do," 

"I don't understand." 

"The only control they have is the control you give them. They would never teach you that because then they would have no power," he turned around as he spoke, and began to walk into the void. "If you believe they cannot control you, then they can't. The only power they have is of persuasion." 

Before he was able to reply, the elder was gone. Trysten mulled over his words as he waited for the Tourik to arrive, busying himself with building a scene for their meeting. The void was unnerving, and reminded him of what was waiting for him once this meeting was over. After a few moments of contemplation, he felt the presence of another entity behind him. 

"Hello, Farias." 

"Trysten," Farias inclined his head, "I was informed of the unfortunate situation you are in. If it was because-" 

"No, it was not," he looked out over the canyon that he had created inside his mind, a serene meeting place to discuss things with the Tourik. "Nothing is set in stone. The gods did not favor my departure just yet." 

The two stood in silence, sizing each other up as Farias waited for Trysten to speak. They couldn't be more different. Trysten remained relaxed as he regarded the other man, his wiry muscles rippling across his smaller frame. His paper white hair swayed loosely around his face, and his ocean blue eyes regarded the Tourik with a cool apathy. Farias was more stiff in his posture, his strong and bulky frame contrasting greatly against his more nimble foe. His brown hair was pulled back into a tight braid, his dark, earthy eyes boring into Trysten's with an intimidating intensity. They were born enemies, But today that was going to change. 

At least, that's what they had both hoped. 

"Forgive me for my invasive measures. It was the only choice I had." 

"I understand your dilemma. It would be insensitive of me to have expected anything else." 

Trysten was very grateful for the Tourik's trust in him. It answered a lot of questions, and eased a lot of the princes worries. 

"So Trysten, what is the reason for this meeting?" 

"Its a simple idea, but it requires a lot of complicated planning" He replied matter of factually. "I intend to give you my sisters hand in marriage. It is the first step that needs to be taken against the Dominion." 

Farias began to laugh, shaking his head as he looked up at Trysten, but when he saw the stoic look on the mans face, he sobered up a bit. 

"You're... You're serious?" 

"Deadly." 

Farias straightened his stance at this, and regarded Trysten with new light. The young man must be insane! He couldn't help but humor him, though. He seemed determined. 

"Alright, so what is this plan of yours, then?" 

"First, I need you to recover Nora, and keep her hidden away from my father. She doesn't know that I'm keen to her plans, but she intends to escape in three days," He explained. "She will have Draku's pendant with her. Acquire the pendant from her and hold her captive." 

"What would be the point of that, other than to anger your father?" 

"With the pendant, I can overthrow my father and kill Serenad. From there I will take over as Overlord. The pendants absence will draw out Serenad, which will make him easy to single out. And," he included, "your marriage to my sister would insure future peace between us." 

Farias was floored. He made it sound so easy! As if taking down Serenad and Rhyn was just some walk in the damn park! And did he really intend to promise his sister to his enemy!? 

"I know what you're thinking. The idea is far fetched at best. But like I said, it will take some careful planning," he gave Farias a sly smile as he continued, "The first step is to intercept Nora three days from now. Before you can do that, you need a suppression cuff to place on her. There is a black market stationed off the shore of Ylatm. You must send Jahren there to acquire a bracelet called 'The Sister Keeper'." 

"The Sister Keeper?" 

"Yes. There are two bracelets I imbued myself, in case she and I were ever separated. They are the only bracelets strong enough to fully neutralize her Kyaga abilities. Jahren will need to be careful, and go undercover. The Brotherhood will not sell to a Tourik, and they will be suspicious of Daegra or Gaidec" his voice dropped as he finished his train of thought. "He will need to be careful and cover his tracks well. Serenad will no doubt have him followed, since the cuff is mine and only someone sent by me would even know it existed." 

"Consider it done." 

"The spoken words for entry into the market are as follows: 'As one sees waste, another sees gold'," Trysten clasped his hands together behind his back. "Once she is captured, I am almost positive Serenad will shirk everything to pursue her and the pendant. He will be easy to destroy. Aside from his obsession with collecting the artifacts, hes quite... Enthralled with my sister." 

Trysten's eyes darkened as he spoke, obviously angered by Serenad's interest in Nora. Farias wondered what caused such a grudge between he and Serenad. Maybe it was the reason for his banishment. But to want to choose his enemy over his own brother... There must be some serious resentment there. 

"You really intend to just marry her off to me?" 

"You'd make a much better suited husband than Serenad. Besides," he continued, "she's a princess. She understands political unions better than anyone." 

"How will I contact you?" 

"You wont," Trysten said, smiling softly. "I will contact Nora when the time is right." 

They stood in silence, and as Farias waited for indication that the meeting was over, he realized the far away look shrouding Trysten's face. It seemed as if he were watching something just in front of him... yet whatever it was must be far away. He wondered what the man was looking at. 

"She's dreaming," he murmured, and a soft smile played on his lips. "She's dreaming of me..." 

Farias silently observed Trysten's reverie, fascinated by the man and his connection with his sister. The atmosphere changed, and it took a moment of steady breathing for Farias not to panic at how suddenly the scenery transformed around them. In moments they were carried into Nora's bedchambers, and Farias couldn't look away. 

She slept spread out on the bed in a thin nightgown, the sheets twisted around her body from her fitful movements. Her ivory hair was fanned out on her pillow, contrasting greatly against the deep black bed linens she was cocooned in. He took a few steps closer to her, enraptured by her serene beauty. Her eyebrows drew together in an adorable scowl and his mouth lifted at the corner as he took another step toward her. 

Her arm moved swiftly and she drew the tips of her fingers over her forehead as if to wipe something away before she rolled to her side. He rounded her bed and watched her sleep, all but forgetting Trysten's presence in the process. 

"You really are in love with her, aren't you?" 

Farias spun toward Trysten, a thousand excuses ready to spill from his lips... But he froze on the relieved expression that Trysten was wearing. He was relieved? But why? 

"Because it means I can trust her with you," he answered Farias' thoughts with a wry smile. "It means that I wont have to worry as long as she has you." 

"She will want for nothing, as long as she is in my care. I promise you that," he returned his attention to the sleeping woman. "I don't understand how it happened, honestly. I've met her but once." 

"That's all it takes sometimes." 

Farias reached out to touch Nora, and was astounded to find the figure to be tangible, even though they were not actually there in the room. She seemed to react to his touch, murmuring something meaningless and reaching out for his hand. She passed right through him as if he were a ghost and settled deeper into the bed. Running his fingers through her hair, he watched as a serene expression fell across her face and a contented sigh escape her lips. His smile deepened as he brushed her cheek once before stepping away. He wished he had this ability of Trysten's. He would spend every free moment with her, just like this, if he could. 

He turned and gave Trysten a sheepish grin before they were whirled back to the cliff they had been standing on before. Trysten quickly sat down, dangling his legs over the side of the cliff. He patted the ground next to him in invitation. Farias deliberated for a moment, and then decided it wouldn't hurt, so he plopped beside him, crossing his legs and staring out over the forest below. 

"My sister, shes... Very strong willed," Trysten began softly, turning to look at the man next to him. "She will never trust you, and she will hate you until the ends of the earth for what I plan to have you do." 

"And you think my asking her hand in marriage is going to change that?" Farias chuckled, realizing the struggle he would have on his hands if he went through with this. 

"No," Trysten agreed ruefully, "It will probably make things even worse. The way you choose to subdue her is up to your digression. I trust your heart, I know you are a good man. But Farias?" 
