 Doris was weeding the front garden when she first noticed the car. It was an old Chevy (she could read the logo, but didn't know the year) driven by an old man, who just seemed to be cruising. The car was two-toned blue with smallish tailfins, she figured it was from the fifties (looked like a "Leave It to Beaver" vintage). He had gone by twice that first day and she had seen him several more times on subsequent late afternoons as she tended the lawn. It was an interesting car and something unusual in Doris' rather humdrum life. Doris got to the point where she waited for the car and was disappointed when it did not show. One day she even waved; the man waved back, but he kept on going.

Doris was euphemistically "plain", she was 30 and she was unmarried. She had had two boyfriends in her entire life. Herman Hinkle was myopic and very strange. He had seldom looked her in the eyes, much less ever kissed or touched her. He was marginally braver on the phone, hence her series of dates with him; dates which were conversation deficient and extremely dull. But Herman had been the first boy to ask her out and she had been curious and felt an obligation to herself. She decided that probably most other boys had more to offer than Herman. Five years later, Rob Garlow asked her to go bowling.

Rob had kissed her, all right, but he was more interested in gambling and whiskey. Whereas most of the males she observed seemed to drink beer, Rob drank only whiskey. The more whiskey he drank, the more he gambled and the more he gambled the more he lost. She had met him at a party over at Rosie Pyles' house. Doris had stood behind Rob (for no apparent reason) as he played poker, he had won two hands and he declared her a good luck charm and asked her to go bowling. He had bowled well, once again declaring her a good luck charm, and for the next few months she had accompanied him around town as he drank and played cards. He seemed to lose more than he won, but he won enough to want to keep her around. After the game, he'd take her out for a drink , then take her home, kiss her goodnight and leave to sober up for the next day. He lost a big pot one night and decided that Doris' talismanic virtues no longer worked. She had not seen him since.

Doris visibly led a very dull life. She lived with her mother, who was so obnoxious that Doris had taken up gardening just to have an excuse to get out of the house. Doris was a school teacher, second grade, who saw the same kids every day all year and did the same thing year after year, but only for the last nine years she told herself. Every day during the school year was the same and every summer day Doris gardened and took walks and looked at birds and read. Doris' life looked ordinary and dull, but Doris had one outstanding aspect. She was better than anyone in the world at one thing. She never knew it and there were never any contests, but Doris was the best. Doris had the best sexual fantasies in the world. 

Doris could undress the father of a seven year old in her mind, see his cock grow to the size she liked (she had seen videos and magazines) and just by rubbing her legs subtly together and imagining the father cumming in her mouth, she could orgasm time after time during open house. She undressed them all, she sucked them all and she had orgasm after orgasm, but the parents just thought she was thinking as Doris closed her eyes occasionally and smiled in a most self-satisfied way. The fantasies were in color, vivid and extremely imaginative. Her favorite types were "on the spot"; a grocery store customer taking her in the dog food aisle (doggie style, of course), having the hair dresser climb between her legs and slowly lick her as she is permed, or the mailman...what a guy he was. She liked having real faces on her fantasies. 

At home, Doris had all the toys. Her mother could not climb steps, so Doris lived unbothered on the second floor. Doris ordered mail-order toys. She ordered mail order books and videos to use as resource material, but soon tired of that; her fantasies were better than the books or the videos. So when she was alone, she'd think of the mailman and grab her toys and spend hours making herself orgasm. She never tired and she never rested and she never used a fantasy twice. Doris was the best.

Doris was shy and embarrassed to publicize her talents for she knew she was very plain. It was a private thing. Now she began to fantasize about the old man in the blue Chevy. She visualized him naked, stroking his cock as he drove by. She visualized him not having an erection in 15 years, but when Doris takes him between her lips, he grows like never before and 15 years of semen pour into her throat. She visualized that and more, but all she did was wave once, and he waved back, but did not stop. Doris knew that no one would ever stop; she was very plain.

The old man started to wave to Doris every time, and smile too; assuredly Doris waved back. One day the man stopped the car, got out and walked over to Doris. Doris noted he was tall, his hair (what was left) was dark and he wore glasses. He was rather good looking for an older guy. The man looked around the yard and said, "Your gardens are lovely. I just had to stop and tell you how much I enjoy them."

Doris was disappointed. Any mention of the beauty of the gardens reminded her that she was no beauty, but the old man continued, "And I have no doubt that you are a young lady of unique talents. The ability to create beauty indicates a beauty of mind and spirit rarely found these days."

Doris felt somewhat better, but knew that compliments of beauty of spirit were at odds with the fact that she was at that instant engaged in a fantasy involving the old man, buttercups and her asshole. She nonetheless blushed and said, "Thank you." The man nodded and left.

Subsequent visits involved touring the gardens and talking a bit about themselves. He never stayed long and he never inquired about private things, but the fantasies during his visits became more vivid and more powerful every time. She would squat and bend and twist a little and cum right there in the garden, the little smile on her face as he chatted. 

Finally he asked her if she would like a ride in the car. Doris knew this was a big step, she seldom rode with men and hadn't been invited in years. She said yes. She looked into the car, it was spotless. He had told her he got it in high school, his first car, and kept it because it reminded him of those years (and because its value was appreciating every year). He opened the door and she climbed in. There was no seat belt, the seat was rather hard. The old man climbed in and an amazing thing happened. The instant the door closed, he look 18 years old; he no longer looked old, the fantasy was so vivid it had merged with reality. He was handsome and smiling and cute. She did not know what to do, so she just stared at him as they drove. His conversation was animated and lighthearted as he drove them to a deserted street, where he stopped. He moved over, looked into her eyes, stroked her cheek and kissed her like she had never been kissed before; she felt a river between her thighs. He was young and gorgeous and kissing her. One thing led to another and they were in the back seat, naked. He entered her and she felt like she could float. It felt good and she couldn't get enough. It was two teenagers groping their way for the first time. It was her first time and it was better than she had ever imagined, it was better than her best fantasy. 

Doris opened her eyes and looked at the old man. He still looked young and dashing.- He began to laugh and she contagiously laughed along. Finally she stopped and asked him why he had laughed. He said, "Look at yourself" and turned the rear view mirror around.

She was 18. The eye lines were gone, the teeth were whiter, her skin was younger. She did not understand, her fantasies had never been so real, she looked at him confused.

"Now you know why I have kept the car", he said, "When anyone is in this car they are a teenager, they look like one..they act like one. Very few people have ridden in my car; I only invite special people, ones who appreciate the ascendancy of the mind, ones who can couple the experiences of life with the energy of youth. By the way, are you busy tomorrow night, there is an Elvis festival at the Drive-In?"

Doris said yes and she snuggled next to him all the way home, feeling the taut young muscles under his shirt. Before she got out, she turned the mirror and pulled up her blouse, carefully examining her breasts. She got out, walked around the car, kissed the old man good bye and went into the house, singing and smiling as never before. She ran up the stairs, looked in the mirror and pulled up her blouse. 

"They have sagged a bit", she opined, "But they'll perk up for Elvis tomorrow. "

She ran down the stairs to make dinner, thinking of old men, Elvis and magic, three of the best things in life.