 It wasn't every paladin who managed to fight their way into the lair of Keltrixx the Shadowborn, but this one had gotten past every one of the lesser monsters and devious traps that the up-and-coming succubus had set up.

This was a most unusual paladin, Keltrixx thought to herself. For one thing, the young woman with the boyishly short blonde hair seemed completely unruffled by the experience, having strolled into the grand antechamber without a hint of apprehension. In fact, she looked to be clearly at ease, a faint but charming smile on her face, as no visitor had stood in recent memory.

"Greetings, friend," the paladin said, bowing low. "I seek a parlay with you on behalf of my order. My name is Samara du Ravellac, and I come to you in peace."

"You may know me as Keltrixx the Shadowborn," the succubus replied stiffly. "What business do you have in these quarters?"

Samara withdrew a roll of parchment and casually tossed it over. Keltrixx caught it and eyed it warily before breaking the seal.

"There's a certain artifact that I believe is in your possession," Samara explained as Keltrixx fumbled with the parchment. "By itself, it has little use, but for largely sentimental reasons my superiors are eager to see it recovered. It's a bad sketch, but, uh, do you recognize the item?"

Keltrixx smirked. "Of course." It had been decades since she'd seized the emerald-studded bracelet, tainted with a wonderfully quaint tinge of corruption, from a pompous human mage who hadn't sense enough to treat it properly. "You're not taking it from me."

The paladin tilted her head questioningly. "I'm not?"

"Nope." It wasn't like the trinket was something she cared about, but just giving it to a paladin was out of the question. She'd hardly be a succubus without her pride. "As I believe you humans say, 'over my dead body,' yes?"

Samara raised her hands in a placating gesture. "That's not what I meant at all. If you are unwilling to part with it like that -- completely understandable -- I have been authorized to offer you a fair trade."

Well, now things were getting interesting. "A trade." She grinned. "You think your holy order has something that I'd find of value? What will you give me in exchange for that bracelet?"

In response, the paladin reached up and calmly unbuckled the straps of her armor, letting the cuirass fall to the floor as she began to unbutton the front of her shirt. "Me," she answered simply.

Keltrixx stared. "What?"

The paladin paused, her lips quirked with amusement. "I said, I'll trade myself. Six hours of my time in exchange for the artifact. You can do whatever you want," she gestured to herself, "use me however you like for your pleasure, so long as there is no permanent damage. And, six hours from now, I shall leave with what I came to seek, and we will both have gained something."

Nothing in her life had prepared her for a situation like this, and Keltrixx scrambled to regain the initiative in the conversation. "What kind of paladin are you?"

"A pragmatic one." Samara du Ravellac calmly continued undoing the buttons of her shirt as she spoke. "The Light works in different ways for different people, and I feel this is a more than reasonable course. Besides, I spoke with some local villagers. You've got a reputation for honesty."

Well, that last part was true. Keltrixx hadn't made a habit of marauding, mostly keeping to herself so that her rituals would be undisturbed. As a result, the local humans tolerated her, to the point where she could walk about in public without being bothered. And if a blushing maiden or eager young farmer's son had come to her now and then, attempting her trials and seeking her services, she made sure to send them back with the gifts they requested. All for a certain price, of course. But a paladin? It was almost unbelievable.

Then again, it would be a very long time before an opportunity of this magnitude passed her way again, and definitely not one that literally threw itself at her. Keltrixx thought quickly. "Twelve."

"Hm?"

"Twelve hours." She may have been pushing her luck. "I want you for longer than just six."

The paladin threw her head back and laughed delightedly. Keltrixx couldn't help but think to herself how appealing that laugh had been.

"I accept." Her overshirt finally unbuttoned, Samara shrugged it to the ground, leaving her shoulders bare. Pulling her thin undershirt off as well, drawing it over her head in a single fluid motion, she let it fall, then stretched languorously in the cool air. Keltrixx had thought that a human would find the temperature at least slightly chilly, but the paladin seemed to pay it no mind as she stood bare to the waist, grinning outrageously. "Like what you see?"

By the dark stars, this paladin may have been less bashful than her peers but she was clearly no less cocky. "Not bad." And it was the truth: Keltrixx let her eyes wander over her guest's naked upper body. Neither buxom nor bulky, Samara du Ravellac had the obvious look of wiry strength that belied her slender frame. She'd not spent gold on the more common improvements wrought by biomancy, as one or two faint scars marred her skin, though none so badly as to be debilitating; whoever had treated her wounds had been a fairly skilled healer. Paladins were known to be quite good at basic healing arts.

Maybe it was that lean physique that had Keltrixx bewitched, but more probably it was the confidence that seemed to radiate from the girl. "Hey," Samara said, "my eyes are up here."

Keltrixx rolled her eyes. "Very funny." She pointedly ignored Samara's laughter. What kind of person laughs at their own joke? "I still think you're wearing too much."

Still chuckling, Samara reached down to unbuckle her belt. "As you wish." With a wink, the paladin began to slide her trousers off her hips with agonizing slowness.

"You know, these here are some of my nicer clothes," she remarked conversationally. "In fact, I made sure to dress up a little for the occasion -- as much as I can, given the lifestyle -- so it's kinda funny you're making me take it all off so quickly. Oh, whoops," she'd gotten tangled up in her boots, and struggled for a minute to extract her legs from her clothes. "Hang on. Um. Ah, there we go."

Samara du Ravellac, paladin of the Light, stepped out of her trousers. Kicking her boots off as well, she kept moving until she was pressed against Keltrixx, her lips to the succubus's ear. Keltrixx realized with a start that the paladin was slightly taller than she was.

"Your turn," she murmured. "I'm here to get fucked, and I can't be the only one naked."

It was all Keltrixx could do to keep from whimpering. One of Samara's arms had come around to draw her close while the other reached up so that the paladin could run her fingers through her lover's hair. Gods, it had been so long, Keltrixx thought, she'd been so busy that she'd forgotten to see to herself. With every touch it was easy to remember how nice it was to just be with someone else.

"You really are the strangest paladin I've ever met," Keltrix muttered as she wriggled out of her dress. A light, diaphanous thing, made mostly of black lace, it was one of her favorite lounging-about-the-lair outfits. It was also very simple to remove, something that the succubus found very useful.

"Thanks," Samara replied, lips twitching with suppressed mirth. "C'mon." Keltrixx had a lovely bed, which she'd acquired at some point through the skills of a depraved but uncommonly skilled craftsman. Four posts of finest oak, curtains of ornately fringed fabric, and -- most importantly -- the highest-quality linens that Keltrixx was able to lay her hands upon, maintained in perpetual freshness by expensive charms. She valued her comfort, and, in situations like these, it helped to make a good impression.

The fact that her newest bedmate was so obviously taking the lead might've dampened that sentiment a little. As they got to the bed, Samara gently shoved her in before climbing on top of her.

"Where should I start?" Samara's breath breezed over her face, and Keltrixx made a small desperate noise as the paladin's mouth found a particularly sensitive spot on the side of her neck. How could a paladin take such joy in tormenting her? Panting with need, Keltrixx reached up to touch her partner but Samara deftly caught her hands and held her pinned down to the bed.

"Later," Samara whispered, "later you can make me cum. I want to see what you look like when you lose control."

Keltrixx thought that sounded good. "Please," she begged, "please!"

"Oh? You mean you want me to do...this?"

"Ffffffuck!"

"That's just one finger. Now, what happens if I use two..."

"Nnngh!"

"Ah, look at that. That feels wonderful, doesn't it?"

Keltrixx whined wordlessly as she bucked her hips in the air. Samara's fingers were in her wetness, her palm against the outside of her sex. If she got the angle just right -- if her clit brushed against the heel of that devious hand --

"Good girl," Samara's voice, low and seductive, sounded in her ear. "Such a good little girl."

With a scream, Keltrixx came hard enough to knock the wind out of a lesser woman. Nobody had ever dared to speak to her this way, nobody had treated her with such disrespect, and the speed with which the orgasm snuck up on her was something of a shock. The fingers that quested inside of her curled slightly, the tips brushing against her walls, and Keltrixx shook as waves of pleasure buffeted her, as Samara's hand fucked her to a second climax.

It was several long minutes before she could catch her breath. Samara was grinning down at her, an incredibly smug look on her face.

"Wasn't that fun?"

Keltrixx willed her rapidly beating heart to calm. "Yes. Yes it was." With a sudden surge of energy, she burst upward, flipping the surprised paladin on her back.

"Wha-!"

"You know," Keltrixx purred, "I really ought to thank you for showing me such a good time." Inky-black tentacles shot out from underneath the bed and grabbed Samara's limbs, holding her spreadeagle at ankle and wrist. The paladin yelped with surprise. "One thing you may have forgotten about succubi, though..."

She bent low, until her face was almost touching Samara's, as the paladin's eyes widened in apprehension.

"...we love to get even."

More tentacles were emerging from the darkness beneath the bed, where Keltrixx had established the runic circle. The spell was a variant of her own invention, perfect for situations like these. And well-worth the time that she'd spent fine-tuning it, Keltrixx thought, as the tentacles began to caress the trapped paladin's body.

"Mngh." Samara looked like she wanted to say more, but bit her lip to suppress it.

"What's the matter, darling?" Keltrixx let her own fingers range over Samara's exposed torso, tracing delicately from her forearms before travelling teasingly down the rest of her body. "Was this part of your plan?"

The paladin let out a shaky laugh, although that might've been in part due to her captor's fingers drifting over her ribs and under her arms. "N-not really," Samara admitted. "I was expecting you to let me top for a little while longer. And I didn't really think you, uh, had all this magic stuff ready to go."

"Right, it's not like a succubus would be skilled at magic," Keltrixx said, "nor would we recover quickly from getting fucked, yeah? I mean, it's not like it's our defining characteristic or anything." Amusement kept her sarcasm from being quite so biting, as the paladin blushed and glared at her in mock annoyance.

"You don't have to rub it in!" The succubus straddling her waist raised an eyebrow. "Uh, that entendre was completely intentional." With a sigh, Keltrixx rolled her eyes for the second time that day as Samara giggled triumphantly.

"Admit it." Her fingers tweaked the paladin's nipples. "You came here because you knew this would happen. Because you're secretly even more submissive than I was just now."

Samara gasped at the sensation from her breasts but managed to keep a straight face. "W-whatever makes you think that?"

Keltrixx reached out and pinched her again. This time, she gently rolled the nipples between her finger and thumb, squeezing them while Samara tried to muffle the sounds that sought to escape her lips.

"Samara du Ravellac," she said gravely, "you are an exceptionally bad liar."

The paladin's grin took on a slightly sheepish hint. "That bad, huh?"

"For fuck's -- look, you've been all but dripping ever since you walked in here, and I can see the way this turns you on. I'm a succubus. This is the one thing that I'm really, really good at. And you," she poked Samara on the nose, making the paladin squeak in surprised indignation, "obviously are trying to get fucked silly. Tell me I'm wrong."

Samara smiled but said nothing.

"You came here," Keltrixx guessed, "at your own initiative. Maybe your superiors trust you to have this handled, or maybe you're doing a bit of independent investigation. But it was entirely your idea to get what you want through sex. Because it's been awhile since you were able to bed some eager slut, or rescue a pretty fair maiden. And what better idea than to make a pass at a succubus?"

A wry look crossed Samara's face. "When you put it like that, it's all so obvious." She sighed happily as Keltrixx shifted her position slightly, being sure to grind against her pussy. "Yeah. I'm still leaving here with that bracelet, but I kinda figured I'd have some fun this time, at least. And it'd be easier for me to, you know," she made what looked like a scissoring gesture with her fingers, though her wrists being tied made it hard to interpret. "Since I can't take remedy, because of the paladin thing."

"Oh, right." Keltrixx had forgotten that the clerics of the Light forbade the faithful from consuming the world's most popular contraceptive. Why, she couldn't remember, except that it was some obscure doctrinal reason. "That's why you chose me? Because I don't have a cock."

"Mm-hm!" She'd have thought that a paladin would have the decency to look even a little bit ashamed. Apparently not.

"Because if I had one," Keltrixx said, "I'd breed you like a fucking whore."

Samara gave a little shudder.

"Oh, you liked that idea, I see." Now this had possibilities. "Is that your fantasy? To be held down with a strange cock slamming into your pussy?"

"F-fuck you, demon."

"My name is Keltrixx, slut." The deliberate irony in that statement amused her. Equally amusing was how the casual insult made Samara flush deeply. Apparently the paladin had a fetish for degradation, the succubus thought as she reached out to pinch Samara's nipples, this time tugging gently. The paladin squealed. "I asked you a question."

"...yeah, that's kinda hot."

"I'm sure it is," Keltrixx trailed a hand down Samara's body, "for a slut like you." The dark tentacles that had been teasing her had deliberately neglected certain areas in order to heighten the anticipation. The briefest touch made the paladin stiffen up, biting back a curse.

"I wonder," Keltrixx mused aloud, "what you'd have been if the paladin life didn't work out for you. A brothel slave, I'd bet. Getting your womb pumped full of cum every night sounds like a fitting job. Letting anybody with enough gold take a turn at painting your walls, though you'd do it for free if you could. How many times would they make you cum? Squirting all over some orc dick while he pounds the sense out of you..."

Mewling helplessly, Samara could do little more than squirm in her bonds as Keltrixx played her fingers around her nethers. Those thighs, the succubus noticed, were taut with need, the pinkness of her pussy quivering with inflamed arousal.

"Hang on, I've got an idea." Keltrixx hopped off the bed and strolled over to what she thought of as her box of toys, ignoring the paladin's disappointed protests at being so suddenly let down. Rummaging around, she put her hands on...ah. Yes, this would do nicely.

"What're you doing?" Curiosity clashed with impatience in Samara's voice.

"Just thought I'd spice things up a little." Keltrixx held up what she was looking for, grinning madly.

"Is that...?"

"Yep." Buckling it around her hips, she sighed as the familiar tingle of magic penetrated her. "Now this...ooh...gives feedback through touch. That way I know what I'm about." She grinned as she ran her hands over the artificial phallus. It had been a long, long time since she'd called upon it.

"Fuck, that even looks real!"

"It's very lifelike." Keltrixx was quite proud of her favorite toy. "I've been making improvements here and there, it should be a natural feel, plus it's, shall we say...fully functional." She leapt back onto the bed, grinning down at the now wild-eyed girl. "Can't knock you up, so you're safe, but there's a clever little enchantment I've put on it so it can still pump you full of cum like an ordinary dick."

"W-wow." Samara took a deep breath. "That's fucking amazing." The slightly irregular shape, which Keltrixx now rested on the paladin's slit, was enough to drive a girl mad when used properly. This was something that Keltrixx had picked up through firsthand knowledge on at least one other occasion.

She shifted her hips back and forth, luxuriating in Samara's moans as the toy's length gently glided across her wetness. Pleading eyes gazed up at her. "Don't y-you ever get tired of teasing?"

"Nope!"

"Figures," Samara muttered. "I picked the one succubus who likes to monologue during sex."

Despite herself, Keltrixx snickered. "Again with the jokes. I can just stick it in, if you want. No more talking, just good ol' fashioned fucking." The tentacles, anticipating their summoner's wishes, started to adjust the paladin's bonds until her legs were in the air. Keltrixx, meanwhile, was carefully holding her toy in one hand as she prepared to turn things up a notch. Gently, she pressed the tip against Samara, tracing it up and down, until the girl was trembling.

"W-wait. Just a second."

"Yes?" Keltrixx paused. "Take your time. You still doing alright?"

"I'm fine," Samara said. "Just, before you get to it...could you kiss me? Please?"

Keltrixx smiled. "Of course." Leaning down, she let her lips just barely brush over Samara's. The paladin arched up, eagerly meeting her, and Keltrixx claimed her mouth as her own. Happy little satisfied noises escaped the paladin's lips; her eyes fluttered closed at the display of tenderness, a sight which caused even Keltrixx's heart to move with unfamiliar emotion.

Which meant that it was the perfect moment to slide the first few inches of her cock into her lover.

That made Samara's eyes fly open. "Mmmph!" Whatever word of protest she may have uttered was lost as she moaned into the succubus's mouth. Her dripping cunt readily accepted the thrusting toy, which Keltrixx held in place for an instant before withdrawing almost completely. Not that she intended to give Samara more than a moment of respite, as her hips rocked forward, sliding the next few inches of the strap-on into the paladin's pussy.

"Oh f-fffuck!" She'd broken free, gasping, as Keltrixx let her breathe. "Th-thank you! Fuck, fuck me please, please, oh fuck, AH --!"

How many paladins were pent-up and undersexed? Keltrixx suspected it was most of them. Even the evidently unorthodox ones had appearances to keep up with, and it was only a matter of time before the floodgates opened.

She bit her lip as she thrust herself into Samara, as the fel magics imbued in the strap-on helped her to feel every second of the torment that she was inflicting on the paladin. Maybe it would have been worth it to hold a bit longer. The barely-coherent begging which tumbled from Samara's lips indicated that doing this forever would be extremely welcome. But it was too late; as Samara's head flew back and the muscles of her vagina tightened around its invader with the beginning of climax, Keltrixx realized that she too was being pushed over the edge.
