 DIARY OF ABIGAIL VAN HOUTEN

The next morning I woke up, still in the chair next to the bed with a terrible crick in my neck. Mark was standing in front of me with his sheet wrapped around him; he was looking for something on the floor. He found it and bent down which caused the sheet to cling to his nude body and show off his physique very nicely. Then he returned to a standing position holding his underwear. 

"Good morning!" I said.

Mark was startled and dropped the sheet exposing his naked butt to me and I laughed! It looked even better in the daylight! Mark almost fell over the bed trying to pull his boxers back on before I saw anything else.

"I'm sorry!" He said. "Why am I . . . What happened last night?" He asked.

Then we heard his Sister walking down the hall. She knocked on the door.

"Mark? You awake?"

Then I grew concerned for him again as I saw him sit down on the bed looking very weak. He tried to rally and sound upbeat.

"Yeah. What's up?"

"How are you feeling?"

"Yeah, great!" He said giving a pretty good performance.

"Okay, Mom had a doctor appointment and she asked me to check in on you?"

"Come in, Carla!" I said to Mark's horror. He looked at me with total shock. The door slowly opened as Carla looked inside. She was surprised to see me in his room to say the least. Then she seemed even more surprised to see Mark sitting in front of both of us wearing only a sheet.

"What, um, what's going on here? I thought you were sick!" Carla said.

"No, um, no Abby just climbed in through the window to see how I am." He tried to lie, but he was too tired to pretend. 

"No I didn't, I've been here all night." I said matter-of-factly. 

They both looked at me for an explanation.

I wondered how in the hell I could explain this to them. I also wondered if I should show Mark what was on my phone because in his weakened state it might kill him! 

He just sat at the corner of his bed wearing only his underwear with his sheet wrapped around him because he didn't have the energy to put the rest of his clothes on. And if you knew Mark you would know there was no way he could sit in front of anyone in only his underwear even with a sheet covering him. He was that shy, I wondered again how he would react when I showed the video.

"Mark, how do you feel?" I asked.

"Wiped out." He said and he sounded it.

'No shit!' I thought. 'You should be after the night you had!

"What happened last night? Why was I naked?" He asked.

"You were naked!" Carla asked. "Did you guys have sex?"

I ignored her question and said, "You were . . . assaulted last night." 

Mark just stared at me.

"Carla we need your help. We're in way over our heads here and I know we can trust you. Something happened in this bedroom last night that you will not believe!" I told them as I gathered my courage to tell the rest.

JOURNAL OF MARK PARKER

Abby told us the whole story. I couldn't believe she was making up a crazy story like that—especially in front of my Sister! On the other hand because Carla was there I started to wonder if the whole thing was a joke. I wouldn't put it past the two of them, they have conspired to embarrass me before, but I seriously doubted it because I really was sick and they could see it.

I also had a deep gurgling in the pit of my stomach I think because some part of me knew that what Abby was saying was true. Or at least, it seemed to be true. 

If it is true then she's seen me naked! I thought and tried to push the thought out of my head. I was so tired and confused that I wasn't sure if I was even awake, that is, until Abby turned my TV on and synced her phone to it. 

I sat in true horror as I watched my body stripped nude and masturbated on my thirty inch TV in full view of Abby and my Sister! I sat mesmerized as I watched my naked body thrown around like a ragdoll, moaning and making sounds I've never heard myself make until ropes of cum shot out of my hard dick and coated my body! I can't really explain the surreal experience of seeing yourself being totally fucked by a ghost as your best female friend and sister sat and watched it on TV. 

When the video ended the three of us sat there in total silence. Abby was looking at me with an expression that told me not to worry, that everything would be okay. Then I looked at Carla, I couldn't tell from her expression what she thought.

DIARY OF CARLA PARKER

HOLY SHIT! I thought, we're in some serious horror story shit here! When I saw Abby in Mark's room with him wrapped in a sheet I didn't know what to think. I figured they fucked and maybe had some kind of next morning scare and needed advice. I certainly didn't expect to watch a video of my naked brother getting jacked off by a ghost! Abby even prepared me for it and still I was in shock. Although I suppose being shocked is really the only way to feel after something like that. 

Abby explained her paralysis and asked if I had heard anything in the night. I told her that I had been sleeping better the past few days than I have in a long time. I figured it was just being away from school, but now maybe this thing was keeping Mom and me asleep so it could have its way with my brother. I really wanted to freak out, but I think seeing Mark in such a worn out state made me focus on the task at hand.

"We need to find this thing and destroy it. Who knows what it's doing to him!" I said.

Abby explained that she thought it was this Mystery Woman that I had remembered seeing at the swim meet—I knew there was something creepy about that chick! As we spoke Mark flopped over and closed his eyes.

"We have to go confront her!" I said.

"Don't, you don't know what she's capable of." Mark said barely able to speak.

"Mark, look at you. You're wiped out; she is literally stealing your energy. She has to be stopped!" Abby argued.

Now I should point out that in my teen years I read A LOT of vampire/fantasy stuff (all romance, of course) and I suddenly had a thought.

"Mark? How do you feel about Abby?" I asked.

Mark spoke in a very weak, drifting off to sleep voice, "She's nice."

I glanced up at the nude posters of women all over his walls.

"Abby has a video of herself naked in the shower, do you want to see it?" I asked.

"No thank you, I'm too tired." He said and drifted off to sleep.

"He's under the thrall of a monster!" I said. "No way would he ever turn down seeing you naked no matter how sick he is. This thing, whatever it may be, is taking away his love for you." I told Abby.

"Mark doesn't love me, we're just friends." Abby said and I wanted to hug her for her innocence and smack her for her stupidity.

"He is infatuated with you, even if he's too pathetic to say it." I told her and the cutest smile crossed her mouth.

We decided to leave Mark asleep and have Mom check on him when she got home. Abby and I took a drive over to Borgo Street to confront this Mystery Woman.

We parked in front of the old haunted looking house.

"That's it." Abby said. "This is where she lives, but her car isn't here."

We sat and watched the house for a moment then the cute Goth kid came out the front door.

"Oh shit! That's Brad Drake, the new kid. What's he doing here?" Abby said.

"Let's ask him." I said as we exited the car in true female cop style!

"Yo brad!" I yelled in my tough voice.

Brad turned and looked at us with true terror.

"What is it? Who are you?" He asked.

"Don't crap yourself, kid. We just want to know what you're doing here." I said trying to act official.

"I live here!" he answered. I hadn't expected that.

"That woman in the sports car, that's your Mom?" Abby asked.

"Yeah, why? Is she okay?" He asked.

"That's what we want to know." I said.

We grilled Brad for about twenty minutes and came up with more questions than answers. He said they moved here recently from Texas (although he didn't seem to have an accent). She was single, he didn't mention what happened to his father, but he was clearly interested in keeping us from talking directly to his Mother.

Brad seemed okay; he seemed like he was telling us the truth, just not all of it. I got the impression that he was gay, maybe it was the outfit, or the demeanor, but something told me he wasn't into girls. We told him we wanted to talk to his Mom and he said we couldn't then he walked away from us as fast as he could.

"It's her, there's no doubt! He's hiding something—protecting her!" Abby said and I agreed. 

As we drove back Abby saw Topher and Louie from the swim team and told me to stop. We pulled over and called to the guys. They came over to my car looking very normal.

"Hey, you guys look a lot better than when I last saw you." Abby said.

"Yeah, we feel much better now, thanks!" Topher said in a very distant almost hypnotized voice.

"So what changed? The other day you guys looked like death, now you're the peak of health!" I asked.

"I don't know. We just got better." Louie said also in a weird trance-like state.

"Do either of you guys know Brad Drake's Mother?" Abby asked them. They both shook their heads no.

"Have you been having weird dreams? Anything unusual? You both seem kind of out of it." I asked.

Again they shook their heads.

"How's Ari?" Abby asked Louie. Louie just shrugged his shoulders like he couldn't care less.

We told them to call us if anything strange happened and they nodded their heads. But then as we drove off Abby yelled, "STOP!"

I hit the brakes and looked at her. She was looking in the rearview mirror.

"Look!" She said and I turned to see Louie and Topher walking away. At first I didn't see what she was talking about then it hit me. They were holding hands!

Abby and I watched the two boys walking away holding each other's hands. Then they stopped, talked to each other for a moment, and then they leaned in and kissed each other passionately! Louie and Topher—two alpha males—were making out in broad daylight in our quiet little town. It's worth reminding you that we are a small town and there aren't many gay people around. Actually, I can't think of any and it is more than a little unusual to see something like that here. Not to mention from two guys who, by all accounts, were straight as shit!

"What . . . the . . . fuck!" was my brilliant response.

"We need to talk to Mark!" Abby said and we went back home.

DIARY OF ABIGAIL VAN HOUTEN

When we arrived back at Mark's place his Mom was home. She said he was asleep and Carla told her we were going to see if he was awake yet. When we entered his room he was out cold. I put my hand on his head and he felt normal. 

"This thing is sucking his energy, like a Vampire," Carla said. "Maybe he needs a transfusion, like in the stories."

I looked at her unsure of what she meant.

"But he didn't have his blood sucked, he had his . . ." I said.

"Right. I want to try an experiment, will you help?"

I was a little afraid of what she had in mind, but anything for Mark.

"Of course." I said.

Carla looked at her limp brother sleeping, almost lifeless in his bed.

"Touch him."

I looked down at Mark.

"His energy, if you will, was stolen from him, maybe he needs to recharge it and there's only one girl who can do that!" She said. 

I walked to the side of his bed and kneeled down. I looked down at him lying there totally helpless. I was reminded of my Sleeping Beauty book I had as a kid and I suddenly felt like Prince Charming in an alternate world.

It was a good feeling-empowering.

I took his hand and held it. Mark smiled in his sleep. Then I became more bold and figured what the hell—

I leaned in and kissed him gently on the lips. Mark's tongue came out and licked his lips.

"Not like that, give him a good one, a real one—the one you've dreamt about all these years." Carla instructed.

I looked at my beloved Prince under a spell and I dropped all my feelings of shyness as my love and concern for Mark overcame me. I placed my lips against his.

I took his top lip between my own and caressed it. I remembered all the laughter we've shared, all the sad times, the fun, the adventures we had. I thought of all the fantasies I've had of us and realized that they could all become real. My love for him soared and I kissed him with everything I had. I parted my lips and let my tongue slip slightly out, then I felt it—Mark's tongue joined mine. I opened my eyes and he was waking up.

"Abby?" He said and I smiled gently rubbing my lips across his. "What are you . . ." he said but I cut him off and kissed him harder. Mark kissed me back seeming to gain his strength. In the back of my mind I heard Carla say 'It's working' but I simply kept up the task.

Before I knew it Mark and I were making out like wild animals! It was the sexiest thing I have ever done. It was even better than watching him get jerked off by that thing last night—okay I shouldn't say that. I should be angry that he was taken against his will, but that image of him nude and hard and blasting out all that sperm . . . 

Holy Shit was that hot!

Then I broke off him. Mark yawned and stretched like he had been asleep for a year, then he looked at me and smiled then jumped out of bed and walked into the bathroom, "I have to get dressed!" he said. It was almost comical, he was Mark again, just like that and he seemed to not realize we had just kissed.

Once he returned fully dressed we had a moment to recalibrate as we all sat on his bed and talked.

"It's that hot, exotic woman from your swim meets, she's the one doing this to you, the entire swim team, we think." I told him.

"Really?" Mark said and seemed a little more satisfied than upset.

"Is she the kind of woman you like, Mark?" I asked a little hurt.

"No, of course not, it's just that she is like . . ." and his eyes wandered to his poster of a half-nude lifeguard. I always knew that his was personal favorite and I wished I had a body like that for him.

"There's something else you need to know," Carla said. "Topher and Louie are gay."

There was a long moment of silence.

"What?" Mark said, he looked at me for confirmation.

"It's true, we saw them making out. I think this woman is causing that. Look, we both know those guys, they are as far from gay as it gets, but somehow she is causing them to . . . be gay, for the lack of a better term." I said.

"But why? How?" Mark asked. "If having sex with all of us if her goal then what good would it do to turn them gay?"

"Her son is gay too!" Carla added.

"Do you think she made him gay too?" I asked. It was a stupid question, I mean you don't get made gay, you just are. But this was different, these guys were being turned gay (against their will as far as I could imagine.)

"Who is her son?" Mark asked and he began to look tired again.

We told him everything Brad had said and none of it added up. As we spoke Mark seemed more and more tired.

I took his hand holding it close to my chest and he seemed to perk up.

"I hate to tell you this, but I think it might mean that if we don't act fast, you might become . . ." Carla trailed off.

"Become what?" Mark asked.

"It's possible that if she can turn two very straight dudes like Topher and Louie gay then, you know, maybe when she's done with you . . ."

"No way!" Mark said, "That's not possible."

"Mark," I said, "None of this seems possible, but it does seem to be what's happening."

Mark dialed his phone; Carla and I waited to see what he was doing.

"KC, what's up. How are you feeling? Yeah? Better? What's wrong, why do you sound weird? You sound like you're under hypnosis or something. Whatever, listen, how's Tina? What? What do you mean? Since when?"

Mark's face flushed.

"But you were always . . . I mean . . . okay. I guess congratulations? All right, Man, bye." He hung up. Mark looked stupefied.

"KC Morris just told me he is in love with Dave Benfeld! Both from the swim team, both straight guys, both have girlfriends and are now into each other!" Mark said and that just hung in the air for a moment.

"Maybe after she steals enough of your sperm she leaves you completely spent, hypnotized, unable to love another woman!" Carla added.

I looked at him with real concern, "Mark, I can't lose you! Tell us everything from your dreams every thought, every feeling, we have to get to the bottom of this before . . ." 

"Someone gets you to bottom for them!" Carla added with no real humor this time.

"I'm telling you I can't remember, I really can't!" Mark said looking more desperate than ever.

JOURNAL OF MARK PARKER

This was all more than I could handle. I always wished something exciting would happen in this town, but this was certainly not what I had hoped for! I wanted to tell Abby and Carla my deepest dreams of late, but I really couldn't remember them, something was blocking me.

As I sat there trying to recollect Abby suddenly slipped her hand up my shirt and began caressing my chest. I looked at her in shock.

"What are you . . .?" I said as she leaned in close to me and whispered. "Shh," She said, "Just tell us, Mark. Tell us your dreams, we won't judge you." With that she lifted my shirt over my head and started nuzzling my ear with her lips. Her soft fingers stroked my nipples and I began to fall under HER spell.

"I dreamt I was in the shower after the swim meet . . ." I heard myself say and I had a sort of out of body experience. The fog lifted from my mind and I could suddenly see every thought I had in the last week or so as if from high above—Google Earth for your brain, if you will. Abby's words and affectionate caresses made everything seem okay to me and I spilled the beans to the girls. I sat there and told them about my masturbatory dream in the locker rooms, about the first dream I had of kissing Louie! The dream I had on the second day of having a guy rub his flaccid, but large dick on my bare leg. About wishing we could all swim nude with each other. Every thought I had, every dream I've had over the last week or so was revealed to me and they were all completely and utterly gay! I had no idea these thoughts were even in my subconscious.

"Why is she making all of you homosexuals?" Carla said. "It makes no sense!"

"Well, we have to do something for fuck's sake!" I said a little too loud and desperate. "I don't want to be gay! I like girls, I like . . ." and like a total dick I couldn't finish my sentence, not because of the spell, but because I'm shy and moronic! 

The only thing I had the strength and courage to say was, "Abby, I can't lose you! And I'm not just saying that because I might be turning gay!" I said not realizing how dumb that sounded. 

Suddenly we heard the sound of a supped-up car coming down the road. 

"It's her!" Carla yelled and the three of us ran to the window. The sexy, exotic, succubus woman looked up at my window, saw the three of us, and floored it down the street.

"She'll come back tonight." I said.

"Then we need to be ready!" Abby replied with great conviction.

TO BE CONTINUED . . .