 When the Sherriff's deputies arrived and took down her story, they took her home almost immediately. Knowing smiles and innuendo had been kept to a minimum since a boy was actually missing. Lisa had wanted to stay and help with the search, but they said they didn't want to worry about her wandering off too, so they had a deputy drive her home. 

They were all very nice and polite, and no one questioned her story that they had come up here to look at the stars when they had watched a meteor crash into the woods not far from the car, and that Chad had gone to check it out. On the drive back, the deputy didn't say anything to suggest that they didn't believe her, only reassuring things about how they would find her boyfriend, but Lisa could feel him judging her on the whole ride home. She had him drop her off at her Aunt's house since she knew no one would be home tonight, and then walked home after the deputy had given up and left. 

And that was it. Despite almost losing her virginity, actually losing her boyfriend, and struggling with her very own sign from god, she had faced no consequences from her nights adventure. It didn't seem possible, but in the morning, she woke up and the sky still had not fallen down on her. Her mother had bundled her off to school, without a cross word and even her sister hadn't pointed out that how quiet she was on the bus. 

It was hard to keep up the illusion of normalcy when she held so much turmoil inside though. This morning Lisa's mind was whirling and roiling just as much at had been last night, but this time with more worry and none of the pleasure. She was so distracted by these thoughts when she'd finished getting her books from the locker that she almost did notice Chad down the hall when she closed it. For just a moment Lisa thought she'd gone crazy, but a couple long blinks later and he was still there looking glassy eyed and vaguely lost. 

Lisa tried not to make a scene as she ran up and hugged him. She did that most mornings - so it shouldn't reveal that anything is amiss. Right?

"Chad, oh my god," Lisa said trying to keep the ragged edge of worry from her voice, "I missed you so much. What happened?"

"Lisa," He said, making it sound almost like a question while he returned the hug, "Nothing happened. I was just, you know, looking for that thing in the forest."

"What thing?" She said looking up at him, though he didn't meet her gaze, "Did you find it?"

"Yeah - it was just a rock in a crater. I mean it was a big one." Chad gave a small shrug as he started to sound a bit more like himself. 

"So why didn't you take some pictures for Instagram or whatever and come right back like you said you would?" Lisa cringed inwardly about how clingy she was being, and in public too, but it was hard to control such things when you thought you might never see someone again.

"Pfft, promised" he blurted out mockingly before seeing the look it provoked and trying to tone it down. "Honest, beautiful, I wanted to. I did, but there were some small fires, and they were spreading, so I had to stop them. So I did my part until those deputies showed up to help me out."

"You didn't want to whole forest to burn down, did you?"

Lisa wasn't sure what it was about his story, but as she slowly released the hug and pulled away from him, there was something off about the whole thing. 

"Yeah, okay, but why didn't you call or text me last night when you got home," she said, not letting up, "you know, to let me know that you were okay. I was really worried."

"You know what," Chad said looking exasperated, "You worry too much, I got to get to class - we can talk later."

And just like that, he left Lisa standing in the rapidly thinning crowds of the hallway. That, at least, felt like the real Chad. He could be a jerk sometimes, Lisa thought, as she shrugged her bag over one shoulder, but at least that was who he was. The rest - the vacantness, his slowness to recognize her without his usual wolfish grin, she turned these things over in her mind as she headed listlessly to her next class. 

She shared her next two classes, Chemistry and American Lit, with Margret, and in both the lesson plans took a back seat to the notes they exchanged near the back of the class. Lisa wanted to talk about Chad's weird disappearance and behavior, Margret only had ears for the gory details.

Did they finally do it? No. Was Lisa still a virgin? Yes. Was she sure? Yes. Margret had lost her cherry last year to Andrew, a Senior that had since graduated. They were still pursuing some kind of long distance thing, but if asked Lisa would have been hard pressed to say which of the two of them not having sex Margret was more fixated on. 

And what does it really matter if he went missing for a few hours? He was back now, and that's all that really mattered isn't it? He was probably just acting weird because of the big blue balls she had left him with. For Margret all answers came down to sex. If Lisa were to suck him off under the bleachers or something, she suggested helpfully, he'd probably act normal in no time. 

Lisa considered it, feeling her nipples harden at the idea. It was so naughty, too naughty for a good girl like her. All the same, as she walked to lunch with Margret, she couldn't get the image out of her head. She'd sucked Chad's cock before, a couple times, and she liked it. Except for when he got carried away and started choking her with his dick or cumming in her mouth without warning her. It was okay for a virgin to be a little cock sucker, as long as it was the right guy, but in public... 

Lisa stopped halfway through the quad, grabbing Margret's arm "You know what, I think I am going to go find Chad," she declared, "just to talk though," she added hastily after Margret's eyes lit up in a way that clearly showed she had gotten the wrong idea. 

Margret smiled knowingly. "Well you enjoy your talk. I hope you two get things sorted out, you're a cute couple. And remember" she said with a wink "the baseball dugouts are an excellent place to 'talk' this time of day."

Lisa's only response was to blush demurely as she went in search of her man, who usually had lunch with his friends behind the library. On the way there though, she spotted him walking into the science building with another girl - Jessica something - she was in Lisa's homeroom this semester, though the two had never spoken. Lisa's brow furrowed, as she followed. 

She entered the blue double door more than a minute after her boyfriend had disappeared inside, and saw no trace of him, or anybody else. With everyone at lunch there wouldn't be more than a teacher or two on this side of campus. As she walked down the hall, slowly peering in each door as she passed, her heart competed with her footsteps for which sound could be impossibly loudest in her ears. They did little to drown out her worry though. What would Chad, the love of her life, be doing in a quiet building with a strange girl? Her mind offered up excuses: maybe they were working on a project together. Maybe they were working on some kind of surprise for her in home room tomorrow? Maybe she had asked him to help her move something heavy, or there was some kind of emergency. 

Yeah. A sexual emergency. Lisa's doubts took on the same tone as the snarky notes Margret had been sending her for the last couple hours as she struggled to push the mental image of the two locking lips out of her mind. The mystery of where they had gone only deepened her worry until at last she found them on the second to last classroom on the left and her worst fears were realized.\

Jessica was sitting on Brother Harold's desk, the books and paper pushed aside in a similarly careless manner to how her dress and bra had been pushed down, giving Chad easy access to feast on the girl's ripe tits. 

Tears welled in Lisa's eyes almost immediately, blurring the image before for a moment? How could Chad do this to her when she had almost given him everything last night? Was that why he was cheating on her? Because she wouldn't put out? 

For just a moment, guilt and self-doubt gnawed at her as she second guessed herself before righteous anger pushed it aside once more. Fuck that, and fuck him. The anger burned inside her as she reached for the door to walk in on both of them, and give them both a piece of her mind, that would teach him. But looking up the scene had changed, and made her hesitate. 

In her moment of self-pity they had move on from foreplay to Chad's cock, and he had whipped it out, his pants around his ankles, but this was not the smooth six inch uncircumcised penis she remembered from the car last night, this was.. alien. It didn't even look human. Chads cock had almost doubled in size overnight, with a swollen and angry looking head. In the dim light it was hard to tell, but Lisa thought that even the color looked different. Jessica didn't seem to mind as she had both of her hands wrapped around it and was eagerly sucking on the tip, fitting as much into her delicate mouth as she could. 

"That's right baby, get it in there - you can do it." Chad hissed in pleasure as she tried harder to get more than just the tip inside of her wide open mouth. you're a good little cock sucker," Chad said, quietly sighing with pleasure, as he ran one of his hands through her dark silky hair. "Get that dick as slick as you can so we can, so we can squeeze it in your little pussy next, because one way or another we're going to make it fit."

Jessica was not a large girl, and shiver of anticipation that passed through her while she redoubled her efforts was visible from the corridor. She wasn't the only one shaking though. Lisa continued to watch from the doorway, and couldn't deny the effect that the scene was having on her, no matter how angry she was. She was also horny as hell - if she was somewhere more private she would probably have a hand in her panties diddling herself, but as it was, she kept both hands balled at her sides in anger. 

It was with one-part horror, and one-part desire, she watched Chad push Jessica artlessly onto her back on top of the large desk, and flip her skirt up. After that there was no foreplay - he just grabbed her panties and tore them off her. Jessica reached up and behind her for the lip of the desk to have something to grab on to while Chad reached down a tried to find the right angle for the girls opening, his swollen cock gripped in his fist. 

"Get ready babe," Chad said through gritted teeth "because here.. it.. comes!" as he struggled to push inside. Lisa winced, both from the look of pain on Jessica's face, and from him using her pet name with someone else. 

After a few tries Jessica's whole body tensed and she cried out, more in pleasure than in pain. It was Lisa's only sign that he had finally started to shove his monster inside of the girl. 

From where she stood she couldn't see her tight little hole stretching and straining to contain an invader that only wanted one thing. She couldn't see that every pump of his hips pulled out the inches that had already made their way inside and forced just a little more inside the poor girl when he thrust back in again. Lisa could see the look of awe and ecstasy on the girls face though, pleasure that should belong to Lisa, she thought with frustration. 

Not like this though, she corrected hastily, it was never supposed to be like this. Lisa couldn't look away though. Like a train wreck she couldn't help but watch as Chad's ass flexed as he pounded her pussy minute after minute with his inhuman dick, and even though she couldn't see it enter Jessica, Lisa could see her stomach bulge noticeably as the cock rammed fully home inside her pelvis. 

Jessica's moans drowned out Lisa's internal train of thought as they increased steadily in volume until they were starting to echo down the hallway. The only small benefit that the ragged noises of ecstasy she made were they drowned out the leud wet fucking sounds the couple was also making as Jessica's tiny pussy overcompensated by drenching Brother Harold's desk in a steadily expanding puddle of girl cum.

It was when Chad picked up his lover's legs though, and put them on his shoulders, Lisa could finally see how wrong things really were. There was definitely something wrong with his cock. It glittered darkly purple, even in the shadows of the poorly lit classroom. It looked inhuman - more aquatic than mammalian. She'd had his dick in her hand and in her mouth, she'd almost had it in her pussy - if there was one thing she knew in the world, it was that that wasn't Chad's cock. 

Lisa struggled with these ideas, lost in the outrage and eroticism of the scene before her, almost until the sister was right on top of her. The moans of pleasure or the shame of watching her lover with another woman had made her oblivious, but as Lisa tore her eyes away from the climaxing couple on the table, and saw the nun, not twenty feet from her, and walking briskly.

Lisa turned and bolted, shocking the nun unused to casual defiance. 

It was in this moment Lisa missed the lovers Climax. For Jessica this was nothing new - a new puddle of her juices and a primal scream announced what would make her fourth and most powerful orgasm in the last ten minutes, a record none of her toys could match. For Chad though, his grunt of pleasure wasn't accompanied by a fountain of white sperm to fill up the poor unprotected girl, instead the base of his cock swelled, and as wave after wave of pleasurable contractions pushed the golf ball sized bulge in undulating contractions down the length of his dick. It would have been more agonizing than passing any kidney stone if it hadn't felt so good. Jessica almost came a fifth time as the bulge forced itself inside her. 

They were entirely oblivious to the world, including the outraged sister, or her angry shouts. 

"Young lady, you come back here right now," The nun, sister Agnes Lisa thought, called out. "What in the name of all that is holy are you kids... oh my lord." She must have looked in the classroom and found the source of the noise.

Let her sort this out and punish them Lisa thought, trying to hide from her despair in a moment of smugness. A scandal like this would be all over the school tomorrow morning. Lisa would be shamed in her relation to Chad, sure, but he would become a pariah - maybe even expelled. That would save her the trouble of having to get him to admit that he cheated on her, or of thinking about him. It was a small consolation as she ran off to be anywhere but here. Lisa thought idlily about ditching school, but decided that she needed the illusion of normalcy more than she needed to disappear. 

Besides, she thought, shaking her head slowly as she re-entered the quad and put on her best 'everything is fine' face, if she went home now she would have to deal with her mother or her sister; better to deal with the notes from Angie in French class, or Margret in study hall after that.