 Dr Roberts arrived at her laboratory, early again. The only other people around were the cleaners, quietly going about their daily duties. Dr Roberts walked up to a small door towards the back of the building, and swiped her pass. The doors opened, revealing a huge amphitheatre. Inside there was a large screen with a row of seats in front of it, and to the side a small analysis room. Dr Roberts had been hugely excited when she was assigned this facility two years ago, but since then she had spent so many hours here that the lab had become more of a home than a workplace. Today was the second attempt at stage three. The last attempt had been such a disaster that they were lucky to be here. Dr Roberts sat at her desk, the experiment was hours away, but she was nervous, and her heart was racing. Roberts was leader of a team of scientists working on a project involving human sexuality. A series of teams had compiled together a short film that ran for 90 seconds. The plan was to make the film so intensely erotic, that no man or woman could sit through it without needing sexual release. For practical reasons the film was put together in stages, as it soon became obvious that they couldn't have their staff in a permanent state of arousal, or nothing would get done. This meant that no-one saw the finished film until principal stage one tests took place.

Stage one was now three months ago. For this a selection of volunteers was observed watching the film. They had the smallest of briefings, before they were asked to remove their clothing and to take a seat in the amphitheatre. The volunteers were a mixture of men and women, with varying different ages and sexual orientations. All were to be considered sexually confident; they had to be to volunteer for this type of research. Some felt this was detrimental to the study, but it did mean there were a few stunners in the audience. Dr Roberts remembered a tall, skinny redhead with long legs and pale skin. She left every heterosexual male struggling to hold back an erection, before the film had even started. Once they were all seated, it was clear most of the volunteers were nervous. No matter how confident you were, sitting in a room full of naked people was enough to make anyone a little insecure. A few giggled, others made joking innuendo, but the scientific team around them continued with their routine in a serious professional manner, putting everyone at ease. After a brief introduction the movie started. For the first 9 seconds the audience sat quietly. There were a few gasps and a few people leaned over to comment to the person next to them, but by 21 seconds all interaction had stopped. Most of the men had erections and were starting to touch themselves. At 35 seconds the first male orgasm took place. The man, of around 20, was taken by surprise as he was only lightly touching himself when he began powerfully ejaculating onto the back of the seat in front of him. The room was soon awash with gasps and cries, and the orgasmic moaning was non-stop. At 55 seconds there was a flurry of male orgasms, followed at 57 seconds by the first female orgasm. She was 22, she had been shaking and bucking in her seat for about 10 seconds when she finally exploded with pleasure. The orgasms continued, and then at 67 seconds, something took place in the film that caused a large portion of the room to call out and cum.

At this point things started to get out of control. The men, with their inferior composure under intense arousal, were glued to their seats watching the screen. The women on the other hand, were able to get up, and fuck the nearest available male. By the 80 second mark, the room had evolved into a full on orgy. Naked bodies writhed on the floor, a slave to the images pouring out in front of them. Plastic sheeting had been laid out to gather the semen and vaginal juices that would flow from their loins, but this only left pools for them to roll around in. Soon everyone was covered in the mess that their bodies had created. Dr Roberts noticed the shy redhead she had seen before. The girl had been trying to keep her composure by gently rubbing her pussy, but now she had a rather large man in his 50's nestled inside her. As she fucked him for dear life, his poor weak cock sprayed inside her beautiful cunt. Clearly he was in awe of her beauty, causing wave after wave of semen to flow from his loins into her unprotected vagina. At 90 seconds the screen went black, but the fucking continued. Weary bodies leaned against the back wall; men were gently stroking their semi-hard cocks, whilst the women softly rubbed between their legs. After another five minutes the volunteers had regained their control. Those who had the energy applauded the show, others looked worried. Some women had several loads of semen deposited inside them; millions of sperm were creeping towards their unprotected ova. Fortunately all the volunteers had been rigorously screened for STD's before hand, though the team never expected an all out orgy to take place. The volunteers were taken to the showering facilities and the women were supplied with the morning after pill. A month later follow up visits concluded that no-one was with child, a very fortunate and economic necessity for the project.

************************

The government had several uses for this experiment. Most obviously it was an attempt to help those who could not achieve sexual release, for instance women who had never had an orgasm or men with erectile dysfunction. Stage 2 explored these possibilities. A smaller number of volunteers, 15 men and 15 women, once again a mixture of ages and sexual orientation, were asked to remove their clothing and led into the room. This time however, they were all strapped into their chairs so they could not touch themselves or anyone else. The film was started, once again the first 9 seconds passed without anything of note taking place. It took slightly longer this time, but by the 30 second mark every man had an erection and everyone was squirming uncomfortably. At 46 seconds the first man came, followed by a flurry of both male and female orgasms. When the incident at 67 seconds took place, a large portion of the room that hadn't had an orgasm, called out in ecstasy and came. Only a few people remained, the last man made it to 72 seconds and the last three women (interestingly all heterosexual) lost control before the 85 second mark. When the screen went blank and the lights went up, there was a distinct sound of panting throughout the room. A few cries went out from those who needed further release, so each volunteer's hands were unstrapped, allowing anyone who needed to give themselves another orgasm the chance to do so. They were kept in their seats, to stop any fucking, but after four minutes, everyone who needed to cum, had done so, and they were released from their chairs.

This had been a tremendous achievement. Further tests were needed but it looked like, even without physical stimulation, this video could make anyone cum. Leading the team onto stage three.

***************************

As part of the study, a device had been created by Dr Christopher Saunders to run alongside the experiment. 30 chairs were developed (fifteen women and fifteen men) that controlled the subjects, stopping them from achieving sexual release. The idea was that the volunteers could get as aroused as possible, but this chair would not allow them to climax until they were released (by a separate device). The government was particularly interested in this as a form of humane torture, as recently they had received world-wide condemnation after a series of torture techniques had been leaked to the press. This device was a new way of looking at extracting information from suspects without using pain and violence. Dr Saunders' machine, in conjunction with Dr Roberts' film, would use extreme pleasure to make them break. The theory being the suspect would become so aroused, that they would give up any information to be allowed to cum.

For the first attempt at stage three, another new set of men and women were asked to undress and led into the room naked. It took a little longer than before, as every person needed to be attached to a machine. For the men, a small probe was inserted up the anus whilst a ring gripped round the bottom of the shaft. For the women, there was simply a probe that slipped into the vagina, much like a dildo, but far more technical. They were each strapped into their chair, unable to touch themselves or anyone else, and heart monitors were attached to their chests, incase of any irregularities. Once everyone was ready, the team vacated the room so the film could start.

The team were prepared for a "eureka" moment. Just like in the various stage two tests, the volunteers became aroused in the same amount of time. This time however, when the film reached 60 seconds, still no one had cum. At the 67 second mark there were cries of pain and pleasure ringing out around the room. At 72 seconds there were tears, three women and the youngest male (around 19) were crying for release. The film was fast approaching its climax and still no one had cum. 

At this point Dr Roberts noticed something was wrong. One of the older males had a dangerously high heart rate and she immediately sounded the alarm. The film was stopped at the 78 second mark and the volunteers were released from their machines, allowing a wave of orgasms to crash across the room. As the medical team rushed in with a gurney, they found themselves slipping around on the plastic sheeting that was now coated in vaginal juices. They were also being showered with streams of warm semen, and found it difficult to hear each other over cries of pleasure. It was clear the man, in his mid 50's, was having a heart attack. They unstrapped him and hauled him out of his chair whilst semen continued to fire from his ailing body. Before anyone had an idea of what was going on, the man was rushed out of the room and into a special operating theatre to be worked on.

When the cries stopped there was an eerie silence. Some had worked out what had happened, emphasizing their venerable state. Others felt ashamed, and stared at their seed as it dripped from between their legs. They were led out to the showers, but this time there was no other sexual exploration taking place. No one fucked, no one masturbated, they just solemnly showered and waited to be allowed to leave.

The team was equally as quiet. As the test hadn't run its course it was difficult to get any data from what had happened. No one had anything to do other than sit around and wait to find out if the man had lived. A few hours later a surgeon walked into the room, he was covered in blood. He informed them that the gentleman had required invasive, life threatening surgery, but was stable and they were optimistic he would live.

After cleaning up the amphitheatre, the project was shut down, pending an investigation. Dr Roberts was devastated; years of hard work, late nights and (ironically) no sex had left her exhausted. That evening she returned to her lonely apartment. Despite having had a rather traumatic day, Dr Roberts still felt uncomfortably horny. She was tempted to call her ex, he was an asshole, but he had a nice cock and he would do the job. Her neighbour was also an option, he was shy, but she knew he would enjoy a quick fuck. In the end she chose the shower head. She stripped away her lab clothes and stepped into the shower. As the water cascaded down over her beautiful body she sobbed a little. Her hand brushed over her aching pussy, causing waves of pleasure to flutter through her loins. She took hold of the shower head, set it to pulse, and aimed it between her legs. Within moments her legs buckled, making it difficult to stand as an orgasm quickly rippled through her body. She needed more; so she climbed out of the shower, wrapped herself in a towel and headed to the bedroom. She rooted through her draws to find her favourite toy, then lay down, still dripping wet, and pressed the buzzing phallic object against her clit. She lay like that for a while, giving herself orgasm after orgasm. In the end she knew her neighbour could hear her, but she knew he would enjoy the show, and probably join in.

*************************

The investigation eventually concluded that the team was allowed to resume work, but a fail-safe needed to be introduced, at least for the trials. This took the form of a button the volunteers would hold on to. If the volunteer felt they were in trouble, they would press the button, and the device would check their heart-rate. If the person was at risk, they would be released and allowed to cum. If they pressed the button and they were not at risk, nothing would happen, and they would continue with the process.

Dr Roberts was working at her desk, the morning of the second attempt at stage three. Dr Chris Saunders had arrived, and quickly informed her that another man had backed out. A series of failed medical tests and nervous subjects had blighted the run up to this attempt. Dr Roberts slumped on her desk, they had no more back-ups, the test couldn't continue. Sheepishly Chris looked up at Dr Roberts, he had such a burning desire for her, and he was convinced she had never thought of him sexually, despite their line of work. He plucked up the courage, and with all the false bravado he could muster, offered to fill in for the latest drop out. Chris' role within the team had mostly been in the design phase, he was only here to observe his work and help out with a few small tasks. Little did Chris know, but Dr Roberts longed to see him naked, she agreed to his idea without a moments thought. Chris nodded, somehow oblivious to her enthusiasm, and left the room to prep. So many thoughts whirled round in Dr Robert's head, but she had to keep her composure, she couldn't lose it all now.

At 10am the volunteers arrived. There were now only 10, five men and five women. After being briefed, they stripped off and were attached to their machines. Dr Roberts tried to avoid looking at her naked colleague, but couldn't help notice his large flaccid penis as it swung between his legs. She wondered how large he could grow to, and then scorned herself for losing her cool again.

Everyone was strapped in, and the film started. This time, like before, every man had an erection by 30 seconds, including Chris. Dr Roberts couldn't resist, and glanced over at his naked form. His face held a vacant, terrified stare. Then down between his legs, in amongst the wires, she feasted her eyes upon his thick, eight inch shaft. Some of the other female members of the team had noticed as well, normally she would have scolded them and told them to get back to work, but she couldn't blame them. 50 seconds in and no-one had cum. One woman cried, the stream of tears accompanying the juices leaking from her pussy. A few of the men were frantically pressing their release buttons, but they weren't in trouble, they were merely desperate to cum. Around the 70 second mark the tension in the analysis room was noticeable, although an altogether different tension to that of in the amphitheatre. With delight the 83 second mark came around, and the countdown began. As the film reached its climax the 88 second mark arrived and the volunteers were released.

A synchronized cry of pleasure rang throughout the room. As semen began bursting forth, one man resembled a garden sprinkler system, his load jutting out with wild abandon. Dr Roberts also noted that the women were involuntarily writhing around in their seats, whilst juices gushed from between their legs. 

A roar of celebration went up in the analysis room, those not analyzing the various orgasms cheered and hugged each other, but this was short lived. As the room fell silent an agonizing scream came from the amphitheatre. Dr Roberts knew it was Chris right away.

Chris' device had malfunctioned; it would not let him free. He cried out in pain, desperate to shoot his load. Dr Roberts took charge; she burst through the doors and ran towards Chris. She reached towards his beautiful, swollen member, and tore off the cock-ring, but still he didn't cum. She couldn't understand why he wasn't ejaculating, so she grabbed his cock and rubbed it furiously. Then when nothing happened, she took him into her mouth, sucking and licking his poor exasperated willy. Still no orgasm arrived, so she ordered the team to run the film again, much to Chris' horror. As she did this, Dr Roberts quickly ripped off her clothes, making her as naked as the rest of them. As the film started she jumped up and slipped Chris' gorgeous cock into her warm, moist pussy.

He felt incredible inside her, although her intentions were only to help him, she couldn't resist the intense pleasure she felt as his manhood probed her body. Chris's eyes flittered between the film playing and Dr Roberts' tight body grinding on top of him. He was amazed at how large and pert her breasts were, he had found her sexy in the past but he had no idea what wonders were hidden beneath her conservative lab-wear. Chris noticed a mark on Dr Robert's chest; he gazed up at the screen, several parts of the film included close-ups of a woman's body. Suddenly he realized, Dr Roberts was the woman in the film, he had no idea she was the model; again he cried out as her pussy squeezed his cock.

Despite the peril in the situation, the team watching on couldn't help but be aroused by the scene in front of them; two beautiful people fucking like their lives, quite literally depended on it. Chris whispered to Dr Roberts, he ordered her to let people see the film; he knew it was truly wonderful. She informed him in reply, that if people were going to see it, he needed to cum before he died.

At the 67 second mark Dr Roberts felt a pulse, Chris was cumming. He screamed for her to keep going, and she continued to fuck him. She didn't mind if he came inside her, in fact, she longed to know what it would feel like to have his warm seed flowing through her loins. At 70 seconds he let out a long cry then burst into her body. Streams of cum sprayed her cervix, pulse after pulse flooded her pussy before the excess cum poured from between her legs and onto the floor. As the ejaculative onslaught took place inside her pussy, Dr Roberts began to cum.

She was not expecting such a powerful orgasm, but something primal and instinctive was happening to her. As her body shook, occasionally bucking on Chris' exploding cock, she lost all control. Eventually the team felt they had to step in and pry Dr Roberts off Chris' erection. She kicked and screamed, desperate for them to let her continue their fucking, but they knew for her health, this needed to end. A couple more spurts lifted up into the air from Chris' cock as Dr Roberts was dragged away, her hand reaching between her legs to try and achieve further release.

Chris was led away for further examination, it seemed he would be okay, but they were not going to risk anything. Dr Roberts eventually calmed down and rational thinking returned. It would appear a new side to the project had been discovered. Although she had not seen any of the film as her back was to the screen, something had passed through to her from Chris that made her incredibly, primitively aroused. It seemed absurd to her, like some sort of myth, but none of the couples who had sex at stage one counted, as they had all seen the film. A new stage needed trying out to test this theory. Could someone not watching the film, but having sex with someone who was, experience the same levels of arousal?

**************************

Once again Dr Roberts was the last person at the lab. Chris had been discharged with no obvious health concerns, but was told to take it easy. Dr Roberts wanted this new stage rushed through, so she was busy filling out as much paperwork as she could manage. As she sat at her desk trying to work, she couldn't help but feel fidgety. Every now and then she would rub her legs together, and a thrill would race through her body. Eventually she reached down to give herself a quick rub, and the reaction from her body was violent. She brought her hand back up, it was soaked, and quickly her heart began racing. Dr Roberts knew what she wanted to do, but she didn't want to jeopardize her research. This struggle continued for a few seconds before the same involuntary arousal that had consumed her before, crept between her legs. Quickly she removed her clothes, scattering them on the floor, before firing up the countdown to the film, and darting into the silent amphitheatre naked, her bare feet smacking on the floor.
