 Dr. Henrietta Jekyll looked at the many active projects she had laid out in her lab. Each used to demand fair amounts of her time. There were tests on fat burning supplements, new versions of food additives, moisturizers and even rejuvenation creams. She used to get excited about these projects but... no more. She now only thought about the Formula. Ever since she'd stumbled upon her great grandfathers old notebooks in her family home, she'd become obsessed with his projects. He too had been a scientist and from what she had gathered, quite the good one. She couldn't find any projects he'd been credited on but his notes had led her to leaps in her own work she never would have come up with.

It had sparked so many ideas for future projects and possibilities that she could barely sleep most nights. It was good that her roommate, Anna, was studying so hard for finals. Otherwise, Henrietta's coming and going so late would probably have caused an issue. Anna had been equally as fascinated by the notebooks. She, like Henrietta, was a grad student in biochemistry. The two had known each other since their undergrad and had become quite inseparable. Even the men in their lives couldn't break them up (what few men there had been).

Currently, Henrietta spent every night in the lab until almost dawn. She felt like she was so close to finishing the Formula. So close to recreating this lost treasure. The notebooks described it as the ultimate product for rejuvenation and vitality. She thought of how it could be marketed and sold and used and the possibilities just made her work harder. She would finally be taken seriously among her peers in the graduate program and eventually land the job she knew would get her family off of her back. Anna had been so supportive of her. She wished her boyfriend, Carl, had been half as helpful. Instead, Carl just came to the lab and shot holes in her theories so she'd go and have sex with him. When he'd get rejected, he'd "forget" to call her for a week or so. It was crushing. Henrietta would have left him if she thought she thought she could do any better. 

As she took a moment to wash up before handling new chemicals, she examined herself in the mirror. She sighed at the reflection: Average height, brown hair she could do nothing with except pull in a ponytail, glasses, about 10lbs too many on her frame, and breasts that barely required a bra. Her teenage acne had left scarring and her waist could never wear a skirt properly. Anna wasn't a looker either. A mid-20s latina with curly hair that had to be tamed by a straighter every morning, lips that were constantly chapped and equally poor eyesight as Henrietta. Her breasts, while bigger than her roommates, were saggy and her thighs were too thick. The two of them were in a vicious cycle of feeling sorry for themselves and consuming sweets together to try to numb their body woes. 

Henrietta returned to the lab and looked over what she'd spent the week on: a glass container housed a purple liquid that was pretty much all she could work out of the Formula. She wasn't sure what to do now. Maybe administer it to some of the lab animals and track the results... she was so tired. She could barely think. She just needed another drink of coffee, she thought. She chugged her caffeinated drink and was confused by the sweetness of it... and then realized that in her sleep-deprived state, she'd actually drank the Formula instead... 

Henrietta began to panic. She'd run no tests and had no idea of what the side effects would be. She wasn't able to get much detail from the notebooks about what EXACTLY the Formula would do but... she hoped causing her liver to shut down wasn't one of the possibilities. 

The door to the lab slammed shut and she could hear Carl stomp into the lab. He'd swung by again, it looked like, looking for another quickie. She didn't have the patience for this right now. She was too caught up in the Formula and what it might do to her, untested. 

He tried to make the moves on her again, kissing her neck and rubbing her shoulders. 

"C'mon... just come back to the apartment and we'll have some fun in your room." 

She could feel herself get aroused (for a change) at his movements. Why was this suddenly working on her? Henrietta felt flushed and tingly all over. 

"Ugh... Carl... I... don't. I'm not... jesus is it hot in here?" 

"Babe... are you ok...?" She heard him say. 

The changes hit suddenly... and without any further warning: Henrietta screamed and moaned as her skin felt like it was stretching. Her breasts were feeling fuller and larger, straining against her bra and blouse, her arms felt stronger and her hair seemed to flow out over her shoulders. She undid her ponytail to let her hair free and couldn't help pulling at her now constricting blouse. Her eyesight changed as well, her glasses no longer being necessary. She could feel her pants becoming too short and tighter than they once were. She pulled at them as well, tearing them like tissue paper. By the time the seizures stopped, she was breathing heavily in a voice that didn't sound like her anymore. It was husky and sultry and aroused beyond reason. 

"Mmmm goddamit. That felt gooooood." 

This new voice came with new thoughts and feelings... new urges. She wanted to fuck and screw and eat and drink... she wanted to tear off these stupid clothes and wear something hotter. She wanted to pound a bottle of bourbon, eat a steak and then have pornstar sex against a window. She wasn't Henrietta anymore... That was a silly name for a woman like this... She was Heidi. 

Carl looked frightened. He'd seen the change happen and wasn't sure what to do. The woman before him in no way resembled his girlfriend. She was hotter, that was for sure. The way she was looking at him was almost like a predator looking at prey, getting ready for the kill. 

"First things first," the woman said. "Gotta make sure I don't run out of this lovely stuff." 

He watched as she poured a large container of purple solution into a series of water bottles and then placed them in Henrietta's backpack. The woman stopped and poured a few more. 

"I think I know some other fun I can have with these..." She seemed to be saying this to no one in particular. 

Carl muttered, "Henrietta... is that you?" 

"No no darling. That mousy little twat you tried so hard to screw is away at the moment. I'm Heidi. Let's play." 

The amazon before him pulled off her tattered slacks and tore away her strained blouse. The bra underneath was all but shredded as well and was discarded with the rest. She took the lab coat off with some care ("might be needing this" she said to herself) and then slid off her torn panties. Heidi hopped up on the lab counter and spread her legs, her pussy glistening with wetness. She started to play with it... 

"Unf. Fuck, that feels good. I don't think Henrietta ever took time to service herself enough, do you, Carl? Maybe then, you'd've been able to get a piece." 

She arched her back and moaned. "C'mon, big boy. Don't you want to see what it feels like now?" 

Carl didn't hesitate. He stripped his clothes off and took up position between Heidi's legs. She grabbed his hair and pulled at it as he kissed her passionately. The raw animalistic noises she made as he groped and fondled her made him more and more hot. It was like she was giving off some kind... scent, as well. Every whiff made him more primal in his desires. He couldn't even articulate speech... just grunt and growl. Soon he was inside her, pumping and thrusting. He watched as she fondled her breasts in front of him and gritted her teeth. 

"Yesss..." she moanted. "Just like that. Good boy. Fuck me like you've always wanted to!" 

Carl kept it up and finally came hard and all over her chest. Heidi played with her clit while her other hand scooped up Carl's cum and she tasted it in front of him. 

"Bet Henrietta never swallowed up such tasty treats huh?"

Carl just shook his head. He was thinking clearly again and was shocked at what had just happened. 

"What... happened to you?" He stammered. 

"Don't bother yourself with that" Heidi replied. "Looks like I'll be taking a break in a minute..." 

With that, Heidi's voice trailed off and she stretched like a large jungle cat. As she sat up, her body started to return to that of Henrietta's. Her skin and hair becoming normal, her breasts shrinking, her legs getting shorter, and she squinted and looked around for her glasses frantically. With that, she grabbed the lab coat that had been discarded on the floor and wrapped it around her, covering herself. 

"Omigod..." She said. "What... was that..." 

Carl got dressed quickly. "I have to go..." he said and ran out of the lab still trying to fasten his belt. 

Henrietta grabbed her bag and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. She looked around the room and fished her keys out of her shredded pants' pocket and slipped back on her shoes. Hopefully Anna could help her figure out what had happened...

She rushed across campus to her apartment building, quickly trying to weave through people and hoped they couldn't tell she was naked under her lab coat. She'd have to call Carl later once she'd figured out what had happened. Her building was pretty quiet. It was a weeknight and there were only 8 apartments in the whole building. Each floor had two rentals on it and her neighbors were two MBA students who were also nose-in-book this term. They were quite the pair, though: Dale and Chuck or the "Specimens" as Anna called them. Both in perfect shape, chiseled jaws, rugged looks... Henrietta would kill to take one or both of them... 

"Jesus. Where did those thoughts come from?!!?" 

As she put the key in the lock, she looked over her shoulder at her neighbors' door. She could hear them still up talking, their lights on. Henrietta shook her head and entered her apartment. She gently put her bag down making sure not to break the contents and knocked on Anna's door and then entered. Anna was wearing an oversized t-shirt shirt with her nose buried in a book, her hair in a bun and her glasses resting on her nose. 

"What's up? Jesus, where are your clothes!" 

Henrietta explained what she could piece together of the night. Anna was dumbstruck by the story and was also fascinated. 

"What the hell was in that stuff?" 

"I have no idea... It not only changed me but... I think it did something to Carl too. While we were... doing it... he was more aggressive and really, like, obeyed me and whatnot. It was," she shuttered, remembering the details again, "Really really hot. God, I'm getting flushed thinking about it..."

Anna's eyes went wide. "Jesus, that's intense. So you brought it all back here?" 

"I didn't. She did. I mean, I did... I don't know. I guess she didn't want to just leave it in the lab?" 

"Huh." Anna bit her lip and looked over at the bag on the floor. "So... I mean... What are you going to do now?" 

"I'm not sure. I mean, I can't really patent it or present it as-is. How do you sell 'were-amazon sex juice' y'know?" 

Anna nodded and squirmed a bit. "We could... I don't know... try it... I guess?" 

Henrietta started squirming too. Anna had read her mind. She couldn't stop thinking about being "Heidi" again... feeling so powerful and sexy... she was so lost in thought, she didn't even notice Anna grabbing the bag and removing a bottle from it.

Before she could say anything, Anna had drank the whole thing. She handed one to Henrietta. 

"Your turn...?" 

There was no going back now. She drank the contents as well and then they both just stood there, waiting. 

"Nothing's happening." 

"No I mean... It happened before though... almost as soon as Carl came into the room." 

"You said he came on to you... maybe arousal is the trigger or something?" 

"That sounds about right. Endorphins and body temperature rising, causing the change." 

Anna looked disappointed. Henrietta was as well. She dropped her hands from holding her lab coat shut and she noticed Anna looking at her bare breasts. 

"Jesus, I forgot to even put clothes on..." 

"No," Anna put her hands on Henrietta's chest. 

"We can just... I mean..." Henrietta felt Anna's lips against hers... soft and warm, the latina's hands moving across her waist and down her bare ass, under the coat. They made out for a minute before Henrietta felt Anna pull away suddenly. Henrietta opened her eyes to see her friend drop to her knees and then down on all fours. 

"UGH!" She yelled. 

Henrietta started to feel it to. The change was taking over... she started moving her hands over her body and felt it stretch and transform. She let the lab coat fall to the floor as she leaned back against the couch. Her fingers glided over her revised form, feeling her smooth skin and dripping pussy. The change had gone much faster this time and was also more enjoyable. She was Heidi once again.

Anna was having the growing pains that must have occurred for Heidi the first time. She gripped the carpet and tore chunks of it as her ass arched in the air and she screamed. Heidi could hear bones knitting and snapping, stretching sounds that were almost like fingers on a balloon. Anna's hair was getting longer and fuller, the curls straightening all on their own. Her thighs were thinning out as she was getting taller and she was developing quite the alluring ass. It was straining underneath a pair of cheap panties, turning them into a thong. She leaned back on her legs and Heidi could see her face contorting and shifting, her skin getting darker and her lips getting fuller. Her breasts were straining under the once oversized tshirt and the color of the shirt was straining against Anna's now larger frame. Heidi bit her lip as she watched Henrietta's roommate grip the collar of her tshirt and pull at it, ripping it to shreds like it was wrapping paper... a set of gorgeous full breasts underneath. The creature before her slowed her breathing and massaged her now freed breasts, pinching the nipples and moaning... she was something new now, just like Heidi.

"Well hello there, pretty..." Heidi purred as she looked at her new friend. 

"Mmmm hello. You're Heidi i take it?" 

"Why yes I am. What should we call you?" 

"Mmmm, chica, you can call me whatever you desire as long as you let me have a taste of that pussy you've got there..." 

"Oh? You want to have some of this?" Heidi spread her legs and ran a single finger over her slit. "Mm Hm!" 

The leggy latina started crawling over to Heidi, biting her lip and staring intently at the droplets moving down Heidi's leg. 

"I'll call you... Sonya... That sounds about... MMMM" She never finished the sentence. "Sonya" was between her legs devouring her pussy like it was a honey covered dessert. 

She stopped for a brief second, "Whatever you desire, chica..." before returning to her "meal." 

Heidi gripped the back of Sonya's head and gently pushed her deeper into her pussy. Sonya lapped up every drop she could as Heidi bucked into the woman's face, moaning the whole time. 

"Let me have a taste of you now, darling..." She lifted Sonya up and dropped to her own knees. She began lapping up the latina's pussy juice that had been outright gushing from underneath her stretched panties which she had torn open. 

"MMMM YESSSSSSS" Sonya screamed. "You are soooo good, Heidi... UNF!" 

Heidi worked her own pussy while licking Sonya's. Her fingers circled her clit, careful not to touch it until she was ready, her fingers alternated circling and pumping in and out of her wet, sticky hole...They both came at the same time, their moans loud like those of animals. Sonya collapsed to her knees and kissed Heidi's juice-covered lips and chin, her hands rubbing her chest. 

"So good... so much... I want more..." 

Suddenly there was a pounding on their front door. 

"Are you guys ok in there?" 

It was Chuck from across the hall. The girls must have been a bit too loud... 

"I don't know about you," Sonya smiled, "But I'm still... hungry..." 

She stood up and walked to the door, sliding her torn panties off as she went. Heidi stood up and leaned against the couch again, excited for what she assumed was about to transpire.

Sonya opened the door slowly. Chuck was standing there in work out shorts and a tshirt, Dale to his side in similar clothes. Sonya looked the two men over, seductively tracing her nipples and then down to her pussy. 

"Sorry boys... were we too loud? Couldn't... help it." She slid two fingers into her pussy and then slowly pulled them out, sucking on them while keeping eye contact with Chuck.

"We were... I mean..." Dale stammered. 

He couldn't think straight. He was getting painfully aroused looking at this gorgeous woman... he couldn't even remember who lived here before. Chuck looked at Sonya and then over her shoulder at the other girl. She was playing with herself too. He was hypnotized by her eyes... the smells from both girls... something... Dale pushed Chuck aside and walked into the apartment, Sonya walking ahead of him. 

"You want this?" She shook her ass a little in Dale's direction. "Come get it..." 

Dale suddenly stripped his clothes off and aggressively put his arms around Sonya's body, rubbing her tits and biting her neck. She could feel is erection between her legs. 

"Mmmm yeah... just like that..." Chuck was trying to concentrate but all he could think about was the other girl. He followed his roommate into the apartment and closed the door. He watched as Dale pushed the latina girl against the wall and started fucking her hard while grunting and growling. 

She moaned and screamed and egged him on. "Just like that, baby. Oh fuck yeah. Just like that..." 

The other girl was now standing up in front of him, her fingers wet and sticky... she presented them to him and kept eye contact: "Taste this... tell me if you like it..." 

He couldn't help himself... the smell was overpowering... he took the fingers in his mouth and sucked on them. His erection was instantaneous. 

"Looks like that worked...I'm Heidi, by the way." 

"I'm uh I mean... jesus what's happening..." 

"Just some good old fashioned fun, Chuck. Look how well Dale is having his fun? Don't you want to have some like that?" 

Chuck looked over at Dale. He'd knocked all the items off of a table in the dining area and was now fucking Sonya on top of it, her legs wrapped around him, her hands massaging her breasts. She was screaming in Spanish and gritting her teeth. He didn't even recognize his roommate anymore... just a wild animal humping his desired mate. 

"You like watching that? Wouldn't you rather have your own fun..." Heidi's voice trailed off as she removed Chuck's shorts and started fellating him, alternating between licking up his shaft and sucking the whole member in one gulp, gagging with each movement. 

"Oh my god..." He shuttered and stabilized himself. This woman knew what she was doing... whoever she was.

"MORE!" Chuck heard Dale pull himself off of Sonya and then move behind Heidi. 

He started fucking her pussy from behind. She didn't put up a fight at all, just positioned herself better for him to enter. She moaned with her mouth around Chuck's cock and kept sucking as Dale fucked her. Chuck looked over and the other girl had stood up and walked over. She was kneeling now, next to Heidi. They were both taking turns sucking Chuck. He couldn't take it anymore... his mind was becoming more clouded with all of the smells and stimulation. He started to grunt and grit his teeth like Dale was. He was overcome with lust and was so hot and flushed. He tore his tshirt off and looked at Sonya. 

"MINE!" He yelled and pulled away from Heidi to flip the latina around and start fucking her from behind as well. He watched as the two girls were now being fucked by him and Dale and were making out with each other, smiling and moaning. 
