 It had been a strange week for Henrietta Jekyll. First, she'd finally perfected the Formula, a mysterious treasure that her ancestor had written about in a journal she'd uncovered. She considered it a treasure because once of what happened after she'd perfected it: Her life got infinitely more... enjoyable. Well, not just her life. Her life was now also Heidi's life. 

The Formula created a reaction in a woman's body that turned her into an amazon goddess with insatiable sexual needs. It also gave her the ability to arouse those around her to the point of uncontrollable lust. The smell and taste of the subject's vaginal fluids turned men into beasts. It was all quite pleasurable. The change lasted until the subject achieved a significant climax and then the Formula wore off and the subject returned to normal. It was this part of the Formula that Henrietta was the most disappointed with. She LOVED being Heidi and it was starting to affect her even when she was in her normal state. People around her weren't just passersby, they were potential fuck partners. She craved sex all the time and thought about it constantly. The best part was that she'd given the Formula to her roommate, Anna, and now her alter ego, Sonya, and Heidi were both free to bed whomever they wanted as well as each other. It'd been a long weekend of lesbian sex and seducing their neighbors, Chuck and Dale, into threesomes, foursomes, or just one woman watching the other take one or both men. Henrietta was truly enjoying being Heidi and would rush home as soon as possible to initiate the change.

Sometimes, she couldn't wait and she'd drink the Formula while still on campus. She'd have to pack a change of clothes or she'd rip through her outfits (she'd learned this the hard way the first day she'd taken the Formula). She'd walk into the locker room, wait for people to leave, and strip. Then she'd swallow a vial and masturbate to start the change. That was another part she'd have to work on. The physical changes would only happen if the subject was aroused which while also fun, made it a tedious aspect to bring out Heidi. She wanted it to happen instantaneously (she'd had some thoughts on that, though). After she'd changed into her alter ego, she'd put on her outfit and find a lover as soon as possible. Once, she'd been so horny she couldn't wait and seduced two cheerleaders who'd entered the locker room as she'd been changing. They saw her standing their, panting and sweating and groping herself, pussy juice dripping down her legs, and they'd gasped. Heidi had looked at them and dipped her fingers in her dripping cunt, getting them nice and sticky and then motioning them to come closer. The cheerleaders had and then she'd watched as they'd each licked the juices off. They couldn't strip out of their uniforms fast enough after that. She'd loved dominating them with her scent and then watching them go wild at eating her out and sucking her nipples. Their screams and moans and grunts were just like Heidi's male suitors had been: wild and lustful with abandon. Unf, that was a good afternoon. Henrietta squirmed in her lab seat thinking about it.

She'd reserved an hour of lab time today to make a very large batch of the Formula and try out some theories for it. Currently she'd made about 20 liters of it and was storing it her apartment. She'd made Anna her own batch so she'd stay out of the larger supply. That was something Henrietta learned the first night after their weekend with the neighbors. Anna had drank almost two liters in the span of 24hrs and kept bringing men and women into her room. Henrietta had come home multiple times the first day to find Sonya in place of Anna eating out an all-girls high school student or banging a UPS worker. The girl was insatiable and was severely lacking the self-control that Henrietta was forcing herself to maintain. If she hadn't been so naturally smart and not in need of studying, she'd be in danger of getting kicked out of the grad program. Henrietta was pretty sure Sonya had fucked two of Anna's professors this week but otherwise she'd been going to class sporadically and keeping up with the course load.

Henrietta packed up the new version of the Formula and carried the two heavy bags that were in back to the apartment complex she and Anna lived in. She couldn't wait to tell her roommate about how she'd improved it and for them both to try it out. As she fumbled with her keys in her door, she could hear commotion from across the hall. It sounded like Chuck and Dale were having some friends over. Henrietta remembered tonight was the night of the big game and she figured that's what they were all yelling about. She entered her apartment and found a surprise though: Anna was sitting with what looked like a large study group of girls from her biochem class all in their pajamas. Some, Henrietta recognized (Carrie, a frumpy blonde girl, Amy, a small petite Asian girl) some she didn't (there was also a chubby girl with her hair in a bun and an Indian girl who seemed extremely introverted). Anna smiled as she saw Henrietta with her large bags. She must have guessed they were filled with more of the Formula. 

"Hey, Henrietta!" Anna ran up to her roommate and gave her a hug then whispered, "I totally forgot about this study group sleepover! Sorry!!!!" 

When Anna pulled away she shrugged and sighed. Then... her eyes went wide as if she'd just had a revelation. 

"Hey girls," she said still looking at Henrietta. "Who's thirsty?" 

Henrietta could feel a tingle wash over her. She and Anna had talked about throwing a party and having some fun with the participants but she didn't think it would be so soon. She was a conflict of emotions. 

On the one hand, these girls had no idea what was about to happen... but on the other hand, Heidi's voice trailed off in her head, "Should be quite the party..."

Anna filled some cups with the Formula and handed them out to the girls. 

"What's this?" The chubby girl (who Henrietta found out was named Denise) asked. 

"Yeah" the Indian girl (Amrita) sniffed it. "Smells like... Capri Sun?" 

"Trust me" Anna smirked. "You'll love it." 

Both she and Henrietta watched as all four girls drank up cautiously and then faster until they'd pounded the whole cup. Purple liquid dripped down their lips and cheeks. The two girls watched as the foursome began to pant and become flushed. 

"What... what was in this..." Carrie asked starting to blink faster and rubbed her neck and chest. 

Her pink two-piece flannel pajamas were looking like they were too hot for her. Suddenly her breasts started to swell underneath her top and strain against the buttons. Her hair went from dirty blonde to platinum and her features became sharper. She started to breathe faster and snarl a bit.

"What's happening to me!" She screamed and pulled her top open and started massaging her exposed breasts, pinching her nipples. 

Her ass expanded a bit as well, filling out the pajama bottoms and straining the elastic at the top. Carrie shoved her hand inside them and furiously started fingering herself as the changes continued turning her from a frumpy girl no one would look twice at to a gorgeous cornfed girl. 

"Did you do something to this batch?" Anna asked as she watched the others start to change as well... faster and louder than she or Henrietta ever have. 

Henrietta smiled. "Oh yeah. I tweaked it a bit. I got tired of masturbating in order to make the changes happen. There some other tweaks as well. You'll like them, I'm sure." 

The Formula seemed to be affecting the girls at a different rate. Carrie was almost fully changed while the other girls were still sweating and panting and watching in awe as their classmate was suddenly replaced by a completely different woman. Carrie let out a deep breath and licked her sticky fingers. 

"You girls... are going to love this..." She leaned back and watched for the show to start.

Amrita was next. The Indian girl's thick hair started to grow more lush and shiny. It was like a gallon of conditioner was being used in it all of a sudden. Her pock-mark ridden face from acne cleared up and her dark eyes went wide at the sensations running through her body. Her yoga pants started to ride up as her ass and legs became firm and toned. The ten pounds of fat around her weight was replaced by stiff abs and her breast strained to be free of her little pink tshirt. Her lips became full and her arms became athletic. She muttered something in her native tongue like she was praying to a Hindu god. She tried to pull her shirt off over her newly enlarged breasts and eventually just tore as it strained. The tatters fell to the floor as she stood up and stretched, the sounds of bones reknitting and popping into place was overshadowed by her pleasured sigh. 

No one had her speak until now and her voice had a sultry accent: "Now that was something..." 

She looked at Carrie's replacement and kneeled on all fours to approach her wet dripping pussy. 

"I want to taste that, my dear..." and began to gorge on the blonde's cunt.

The Asian girl, Amy, was wearing a night gown that she made short work of tearing apart. Her tiny frame and flat chest may have made the outfit practical but once the Formula took effect, the gown was nothing more than a tight top. It rode up quickly as Amy leaned against the couch, screaming and panting. Her little Hello Kitty panties were fully visible and were quickly stretching to their limit, almost becoming a thong. Her breast were now much larger and firmer and face skin was a tad darker. She pulled at her nipples over the top of her gown and pinched them, hard, sending waves of pleasure through her body. She immediately looked at the lovely girls next to her, eagerly engaged in intercourse and immediately joined them, suckling on the blonde girls tits and moaning as she fingered herself. 

The chubby girl (Barb, Henrietta learned later) took the longest to change. There was almost no reaction in her at first and she'd watched in awe as the three other girls had gone from everyday classmates to gorgeous sluts. Her sweatpants were becoming wet with her juices (she'd forgone underwear because it was usually too tight on her frame). She'd never been this aroused and was at a loss to calm down. Her heart was racing and she couldn't take it anymore and started rubbing her clit through her pant's fabric. She looked up and saw her hosts doing nothing and wondered why Henrietta and Anna just staring at them and smiling. She wished she could join in with the other three girls but she was so confused and didn't think they'd take her the way she looked. It was so tempting though... the sweet smells coming from them and the sight of them were too much. She had to taste the girl who used to be Amy's pussy... it was right there wanting... Barb crawled over and started licking it and suddenly became ravenous for its juices. 

Henrietta and Anna just watched like they were observing animals in the wild. 

"Barb doesn't seem to be changing yet..." Anna noticed. 

"Oh she will" Henrietta nodded knowingly. "The Formula is already working through her, it just got distracted by the pheromones of the other girls. See?" 

She gestured and Anna noticed that Barb was starting to look like she was having a seizure of some kind. She'd stopped licking "Amy's" dripping pussy and she fell backwards and started gasping. The other girls stopped what they were doing and looked at their friend quivering and sweating. "Carrie" stood up and stripped off the remnants of her pajamas. She stretched and walked over to Barb and stood over her. 

"Mmmm c'mon girls. Looks like Barb could use a hand..." and she leaned down next to her and pulled out one of Barb's massive tits taking it in her mouth. 

"Amrita" and "Amy" followed also stripping and climbing onto Barb. The Indian goddess straddled Barb's face and let the girl eat her dripping pussy while the Asian beauty pulled down the girl's sweats and peeled the wet area away to dine on the girls sopping wet pussy. The feeling of having her pussy eaten made Barb moan into the pussy that was over her face as she lapped at it and drank in the juices. She didn't even notice as her breasts started to quiver and round out nor did she notice that her legs were growing athletic as the fat seemed to move to her ass and then tighten into a firm, round posterior. When the Indian lifted off of her face, it was radically different: now more angular and with a lovely smile, her hair was also a dark red and the curls in it had straightened. She was a vision and was also hungry for more. 

All four girls looked around the room and were slowly coming out of their haze of arousal. 

"Mmm that was fun. I'm by no means done, though..." the girl that used to be Amy was still having fun pinching her nipples. 

The trio finished disrobing the girl that was once Barb and they stood up to stretch and feel more familiar with their new forms. It was then that they noticed that Henrietta and Anna were no longer there and had been replaced by a naked Heidi and Sonya. 

"Mmm" The Indian bit her lip at the sight of the duo. "You both look lovely." 

She walked over and kissed Sonya deeply running her fingers through the Latina's gorgeous hair. 

Heidi was loving this. She now had five gorgeous horny playmates and they were all reacting well to the new batch of the formula she'd influenced Henrietta to create. By mixing it with properties from other drugs like Ecstasy, she'd managed to make it stimulate a woman on its own thus taking away the annoying need to be initiated. Now the changes were almost instantaneous. She'd also boosted the aroma drivers to make the pheromones the new girls produced even more powerful and dominating. Lastly, she'd removed the trigger to change back after having an orgasm. The only way to change back now was to sleep and let the Formula run its course. Fortunately it would take a great degree of fucking to make these girls pass out. She'd dubbed the four Blondie, Yumi, Asha, and Ginger and the girls didn't seem to care as long as they could play with their new friends. 

The next hour was a haze for all six girls. Positions were switched and the amazons pawed at each other in a pile one minute and then took turns worshiping a girl the next. Heidi routinely took a break to watch all of them and play with herself. It made her feel like a queen with her new subjects and the power she'd brought them to be their fullest potential. The screams and moans eventually became so loud that Heidi wondered how long it would take for the men next door to notice. It turned out not long at all as she started hearing pounding at the door that sounded like it was going to eventually be broken in. She left her girls in the throws of passion and opened the door to see four strapping specimens. It looked like Chuck and Dale had two friends, a young black man and a blonde freshman who looked like Chucks younger brother. The men were panting and looked like wild animals in heat, ready to attack something and fuck it uncontroably. Heidi smiled. The pheromones of six subjects had wafted across the hall and stirred the urges in these four to the loss of all faculties beyond satisfaction. She leaned against the wall and opened the door, inviting all four men inside. They ran in, pushing each other aside and stripping off their clothes to find the source of their stimulation and found the five other girls writhing on the floor. Without warning, they each found a girl to mount. There were no words spoken by the men, just grunts and growls as they pulled at the hair of their chosen subjects like they were cavemen taking a mate.

Asia eventually tired of the younger man and pulled off of him to face him and let him cum on her chest. Heidi reasoned this was the young mans first time with how fast he'd cum. Yumi didn't seem to care as long as she could spread his sticky seed all over her luscious tits and lick it off of her fingers. She got the young boy hard again in no time by stroking his member and biting his earlobe. The boy looked so lost and confused by once she'd whispered something in his hear, the lust was back in his eyes and he was mounting the girl again in missionary and pounding her hard and deep, her legs over his shoulders. 

Blondie was loving Chuck inside her but she wanted more. She nodded to Sonya and the Latina pulled off of Dale and let the young man stand in front of Blondie so she could suck while she was being fucked. The two roommates were literally wrapped in fingercuffs with the insatiable blonde between them. 

Sonya went and joined India who was taking the black man's cock inside her. The look on her face was pure ecstasy as her pussy was being stretched by his extremely large member. Sonya sat up on the couch and spread her legs, giving India access to licking her dripping cunt and the cum inside from Dale's first load he'd let loose inside her. The mix of juice and cum was so delicious that India would almost forget the black cock pumping in and out of her. Almost. 

The girls left out from this were Ginger, Asha, and Heidi, not wanting to see them left out, motioned for them to come to her and lick her tits and pussy while she watched the display happening in the living room.

She moaned and sucked her fingertips looking at what the Formula had wrought: men turned into sexual beasts, women turned into insatiable love goddesses... What would happen next, she wondered? What other fun could she get into with this lovely concoction?