 Henrietta Jekyll had been having quite the semester. With the discovery of the Formula, she had gone from shut-in lab rat to full on sexpot and had managed to turn not only her roommate, Anna, but also four more formerly-wallflower girls into horny, slutty and sexually-ravenous amazons. The changes were never permanent (much to Henrietta's disappointment) but the experiences during them were always satisfying.

At least, she thought they were. It was beginning to get harder to see where Henrietta stopped and Heidi began. She found herself working harder and harder to create versions of the formula that required less and less effort to change. Anna had been more than encouraging of this, as she relished her alternate personality, Sonya, almost more than Henrietta. While Henrietta had tried to be more strategic about her usage, Anna was seen less and less around the apartment and Sonya had almost completely supplanted her. The other girls that had been turned: Carrie, Amy, Amrita, and Denise (or Blondie, Yumi, Asha, and Ginger, in their respective "other" bodies), had been coming in and out of the apartment regularly to gather more of the Formula for themselves. Each time one or more of them had arrived, they'd found a waiting Sonya, hungry for a playmate. It had taken all of Henrietta's willpower to not join in, but with the year drawing to a close, she had to focus on her studies. 

The class she was most worried about was chemistry. Her professor, Dr. Nolan, was a stickler and not about to do her any favors. Her missing out on a lab here and there due to Heidi activities had severely hurt her grade in his class and it was a requirement for her advancement in the program. Not only that, but Dr. Nolan was also her faculty adviser and had begun to question what she had been spending lab resources and so many requested private hours on. She was discouraged to discover that he'd sent her a request to meet with him Friday afternoon to discuss. In one of the brief moments when Anna had been present, she'd suggested, "you could always just send Heidi. That's how I've managed to stay out of trouble." Henrietta had been tempted but just couldn't wrap her head around seducing Dr. Nolan as a means to an end. Of course, she could also hear Heidi's voice whispering in her ear, "but it could be so fun, too"

She woke up sore on Friday morning and tried to absorb her surroundings. Her clothes were torn again and her body was covered in cum and pussy juices. To her right was Chuck, one of her neighbors, and to her left were Carrie and Amy, also in the remains of their clothes and also sticky with fluids. Sonya strolled through the apartment and was alternately doing pulls from a liquor bottle and then sliding it inside her wet pussy. "Unf. the best pick me up, let me tell you" she moaned. Henrietta gasped as she watched her roommates "other" form try to seduce her into more fun. "Don't you want some, chica?" Sonya licked her lips as she said the words. "I so do... wait...oh no" Henrietta looked at the clock. It was almost 10am and she still had to make it across campus for her meeting with Dr. Nolan. She scrambled to find clothing that wasn't stretched, torn, or defiled and managed to find a pair of sweats and a tshirt. She grabbed her purse and her purple Nalgene bottle off the table and almost forgot her keys. "Come back soon, baby." Sonya smiled and winked at her, once again sliding the neck of the liquor bottle inside her. "Have fun..." Henrietta felt flush as she inhaled Sonya's pheromones but knew her schooling was more important. She was curious why Sonya hadn't fought her harder though...

She arrived ten minutes late to Dr. Nolan's office. He was packing up for the day (it being Friday, she was his last scheduled meeting) and with so few people left in the building, she assumed he didn't have a need to stay. "I'm so sorry!" she apologized profusely and tried to catch her breath. 

"I don't know what to make of you anymore, Ms. Jekyll." Dr. Nolan shook his head and adjusted his tweed jacket over his dress shirt. "You have missed lectures, had middling test scores and barely turned in lab work on time. Oddly enough, you've logged more lab hours than anyone else in my colloquium."

He was a middle aged man of about 45 or so with glasses that sat on the bridge of his nose constantly. He had love handles around his waste and poor posture from always bending over a microscope. Henrietta had always found him the type of man that juts blended into the background. She wondered if that's what always kept him in such a foul mood. He didn't wear a wedding ring and she was sure he'd mentioned being married once. Nevertheless, he was nothing but disappointed in her now and the realization that she might have fucked away her entire education was starting to seep through the sensual fog she'd been living in for two months. 

"I...I don't know what to say, Dr. Nolan. I've been so busy working on my thesis project I just lost track of what was important." Henrietta undid the top of her purple Nalgene bottle and took a long swig to calm herself down. As she swallowed, she suddenly realized the liquid had a familiar taste... then she remembered Sonya's mischievous expression. "Oh no..." she thought.

"Please, may I?" without waiting for her to answer, Dr. Nolan took a swig himself and finished off the rest of what Henrietta was sure was formula-laced gatorade. She was petrified at this point. For two reasons: 1) it had never been tested on male subjects and 2) she hoped nothing would set off her arousal triggers and cause a change. 

For the next tense fifteen minutes, Dr. Nolan lectured Henrietta about her decline and her lost potential. She noticed he was getting more and more aggressive as he went on, punctuating sentences with a grip of his fist and failing to articulate certain words due to gritted teeth. He'd compose himself and then return to lecturing her, but every time he got more heated, she'd feel flush. She started to squirm in her seat a bit and realized that she'd forgotten underwear in her haste to leave the apartment.  

"I've just never seen a student fail so miserably at greatness! You could have been a star pupil and yet you're an unrepentant slacker!!" He was now full on angry and it was getting Henrietta incredibly aroused. Something about this man yelling at her, his anger palpable and threatening was making her pulse race and she bit her lip. 

"I'm so sorry, sir." She could feel Heidi start to control her choice of words. "What would you want to do about?" She didn't know if he would take the bait but in a few minutes, she might not have to care anymore. She started to feel the change happening, subtly underneath the oversized loose clothing. She was trying to also catalog the changes in Dr. Nolan while she could still focus. It looked like he too was getting bulkier under his clothing. He was now sporting a mighty erection in his slacks and she was pretty sure he didn't usually have a cock that big. His hair was also filling out where there used to be a bald spot on his head. He didn't seem to notice any of this happening and was continuing to get more and more aggressive in Henrietta's direction.

"All of you little whores. You dirty sluts with your priorities all fucked up. Leading men on and just looking out for your own *Rrr* satisfaction and needs *Grrr*" he was now grunting and becoming more angry. Henrietta was trying to keep her breathing calm to fight the change as long as possible. She needed to see what was going to happen and drawing it out in herself was also turning her on more and more. This man, timid and studious now turning into a raging angry beast was getting her more and more wet. She had to test a theory...

"Dr. Nolan, sir, do you want to punish me... here? In your office? I've been bad... I've been such a slacker... Don't you... don't you want to show me how angry it makes you? You know I've only made it this far because I'm a girl... that must... aggravate you even more than my having wasted your time this morning." Henrietta leaned back in her chair and spread her legs open. Her naked wet pussy had left a huge wet spot in her sweat pants. She could feel her slowly enlarging breasts and erect nipples stretching her tshirt. 

"Fucking *grunt* WHORE" and that was it. Dr. Nolan was gone and only this beast remained. He shoved all the items off his desks, papers and office supplies and pounded his fists against it. The act sent ripples through his body and he started to strain against his jacket which popped the seam up his back. He groaned and then grabbed the front of his dress shirt, ripping it open with buttons flying across the room. He reached across the desk and grabbed Henrietta's shirt then tore it open. That was all it took and her body suddenly finished its prolonged change to Heidi. She leaned forward and grabbed the desk and met his aggressive, neanderthal like face with her lips and kissed him hard, biting his lip and licking the sweat off his neck. Her tits were now back to their Heidi size and her metamorphosis had stretched the sweatpants to their limit, causing tears up the seams.

"mm hello there, Doctor." She slid off her torn sweatpants and stood up straight, stretching for his full view. "I'm what your student has been working so hard on." She brought her fingers down to pussy and twisted her nipple. "Won't you give me something to... work hard on, as well?" 

The thing that used to be Dr. Nolan walked around his desk and Heidi was taking into account the further changes that had occurred: His hands were larger and hairier as was his chest. His face was now a bit more handsome and it looked like he'd grown a few inches in size in height as well as...length. His legs were much more tone and he'd basically turned his slacks into shredded paper, with his cock yearning to be released. He walked closer to her and sniffed up her arm and her neck, taking a long lick of her neck. She ran her hand up his inner thigh and gently stroked his bulging erection, moaning at the thought of what he could do with it.

Suddenly, he spun her and shoved her to the ground. "Suck." he grunted, ripping open what was left of his slacks. Heidi shivered from the sight of his member and the musky scent coming off of it. Never in all the men she'd been with recently had something made her quiver and drip like this. 

"Yes, sir." She took a long taste of it and let it inch into the back of her throat. The taste of his skin and the drops of precum dripping down her throat were sending the normally in-control Heidi into a furious talespin. She wondered if this was similar to the effects her pheromones had had on other people when she was in control. The towering Doctor gripped her long, gorgeous hair and grunted in satisfaction. "Good. Good girl. More. Fuck now."

She didn't want to stop, though. She couldn't. She kept licking it and rubbing against the side of her face and lips. "More please, sir. More please? I must...mmm... more" and she licked up every drop of precum she could until the Doctor grew angry at her not following his orders.

"NO! NOW!" and he pulled her up by her hair and spun her around, then pushed her over onto the desk. Heidi was disappointed until she realized what was next and suddenly felt his massive strong hands on her hips followed by a penetration the likes of which she had never known. It was like with each thrust he was growing in girth. She could feel herself growing more and more slick against him and that just made him grow thicker inside her, straining the walls of her slippery cunt. 

"YES PLEASE MORE, SIR! PLEASE" She screamed, growing hoarse with each moan. The Doctor was pounding harder and harder and was pulling her hair while pounding harder. 

"Take it. Take all. More. Whore take." It seemed hard for him to form sentences but he grunted words anyway and Heidi obeyed. She couldn't resist the smell that was filling the room and it was making her weak in her legs. She could feel him getting closer and knew a release was soon, thus she fought off her own orgasm as long as possible but it felt like it was going to powerful.

The Doctor was close and Heidi began to feel him loosen his grip. She knew this was her chance and she slipped out of his mighty hands, forcing herself to pull his cock out of her because she wanted what came next so badly. She dropped to her knees and got under his cock. "Please cum all over me. Please, sir, PLEASE!" she had never begged before and it felt right with this perfect beast she was servicing. He grunted and started to finish, massive amounts of cum cascading down her face and lips, while her hands grabbed every drop she couldn't with her tongue. Heidi swallowed all she could on her own and then felt it gagging up like too much of a milkshake. She was on her knees and rubbing her cum-covered hands all over her mouth, savoring every drop and then licking what was left off of the Doctor. She took a free hand and started massaging her sensitve pussy, fingering herself to a finish as ringlets of her own saliva and the Doctor's perfect cum drooled out of her mouth. 

"That was...perrrfect..." she moaned and collapsed on the floor. Her body quivered on its own orgasm, and she lied on her back, breathing heavily and feeling a change back to Henrietta imminent. Through half-open eyes, she looked up and saw the Doctor look around, still looking hungry for more. 

In the hallway, a young blonde coed was looking for her professor's office and getting very frightened by the noises coming from the corners of the now empty building. She'd hoped to catch her professor before they'd left for the weekend but had realized she'd just missed them while trying to find their office. She was drawn to the sounds at the end of the hall, though, in which had sounded at first like yelling and then thrashing and had now began to sound more like love-making between animals. She'd made out a woman's voice but the other participant sounded more like an ape trying to form sentences. As the coed had gotten closer to the office door, she could see a silhouette of a hulking shape come closer to the door. She stepped back in fright when the door had flung open and revealed the most hulking man she'd ever seen. His shoulders were broad with a ripped tweed jacket hanging off of them and his shirt was ripped open with a massive eight-pack hairy chest in full view. His face was chiseled and handsome but with a primal look in his eyes. There was a waist of what had probably once been his pants and were now almost shorts. his hands were larger than most men and his forearms were as hairy as his chest. What really drew her eyes was massive cock that hung out in front of him. She'd seen her fair share before coming to university but nothing this thick and long.

She was surprised she wasn't shocked at the sight of this creature but something was possessing her... his smell... musky and pungent. Like body-odor but thicker in the air and it was making it hard for her to think straight. Suddenly she felt almost euphoric. Not drunk, not high... but foggy. She couldn't think straight but she could feel her body becoming tingly in her chest and crotch. She had never been turned on like this before and she stumbled backwards and lost her balance. The shorts she was wearing were becoming uncomfortable and she slide them off and her sopping underwear as well. She lowered herself to her knees and started to feel her wet pussy. She could hear herself panting and gasping. Her mouth was drooling and she couldn't take her eyes off of the man's (was he even a man?) cock. He advanced closer, grunting and letting out angry breaths through his nose. She eagerly took his cock in her mouth and the taste...the precum... she came just having it pass her lips. Her body shuddered and she moaned around his member. He gripped her head and she began furiously fellating him like she'd never wanted anything else in her life before. After a few minutes, she was lifted up by her hair by the brute and thrown against the lockers on the wall. She could feel him enter her and she was so lost in ecstasy that she didn't want this moment to ever stop.

It had been almost 20min since Heidi passed out that Henrietta awoke to find herself naked and her mouth full of the tastiest fluids she'd ever had, piecing together the events that must have transpired. The Doctor was long gone at this point and she grabbed her bag, pulling out a change of clothes. She grabbed the Nalgene bottle of the formula too to make sure nothing else happened. As she ran down the hall, she saw the creature that was once the doctor fucking a young coed against a locker. The girl was in rapture, her body quaking as the Doctor was pounding her. 

Henrietta formulated that the Doctor would change back soon, but needed his fill first. Thanks to his pheromones, but she needed to make sure he didn't get too carried away. She walked up to him and tapped his massive shoulder. 

"Doctor, you should come with me. More whores for you, this way." The Doctor grunted and then let go of the coed. She slid down the lockers to her knees, moaning a sigh of pleasure. She wouldn't remember much, probably. Henrietta wrapped the doctor's jacket around his waist and led him by his massive hand to her apartment as quickly as she could.

When Sonya saw them enter, she smiled as big as her lips would allow. "Looks like you have a story to tell..." but it would wait. There was fun to be had.