 It had now been a full month since Henrietta Jekyll had happened upon her version of her ancestor's formula. The purple concoction had been the source of much enjoyment for her and roommate, Anna, with both of them now engaging in many sexual misadventures and further discoveries as their alter egos, Heidi and Sonya. They'd turned four more girls into sexually ravenous Amazons such as themselves and Henrietta had also discovered the effects of the Formula on men through her professor accidentally taking a large dose of it and becoming a hulking alpha lover with some very surprising side effects: bodily secretions that functioned as a powerful aphrodisiac for women around him.

Henrietta hadn't really investigated if she possessed these in her Heidi form but was beginning to get very excited about the possibilities with them. She had noticed that Heidi and the other Amazons emitted a powerful pheromone that seemed to affect men around them but she hadn't noticed any reaction to fluids or secretions. The pheromones had basically just drawn men nearby into aggressive lust and she wondered what would happen if she'd pushed that even further. 

After two long nights in the lab, she'd cultivated another revised version of the Formula. The usual purple hue of the liquid was now startling light blue. She looked at her secure refrigerated vault with her backup supply in the standard form and felt confident that if there were any issues with this new batch, she would have ample reserves to fall back on. She poured her new blue version into four water bottles and placed one in her purse. She wanted to run multiple tests so she'd need more for later. She then checked her backpack and made sure she had a few changes of clothes since Heidi was prone to basically bursting out of Henrietta's outfits and leaving her with nothing to wear when she'd eventually change back. Currently she was wearing a conservative outfit of a pencil skirt and a red polo top with her lab coat over it. She looked herself over in one of the mirrored walls and shrugged. Her normal form wasn't much to look at. It's why she had become so enamored with becoming Heidi and experiencing life and pleasures as her. Sometimes she wondered where she stopped and Heidi began... if that personality had been her repressed longings, held at bay by a lack of confidence and fear. Whatever the nature of it, the results were the same: she relished everything about her liberated alternate self and so did Anna and the other girls.

Dr. Nolan, her faculty adviser who had taken the Formula by accident, had seemed wracked with guilt afterwards. He had apologized to both Henrietta and Anna after he'd finally changed back to normal (four marathon love-making sessions with the both of them later) and had complimented Henrietta on her accomplishments. However, he had encouraged her to be wary. "Other people might find this discovery as a means to corruption. Guard it and be watchful." He'd also promised her that her thesis grade was secure since he'd seen just what her discovery could do firsthand. "I'll help you write up the report myself" he'd promised. She had asked if he wanted any of the Formula for himself and while she'd noticed hesitation in his eyes, he'd eventually held fast. "No. I'm fine with just being myself for now. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy a respite as that... Thing." 

Henrietta shrugged off the memories. It had been an enjoyable Friday night but now she was living in the current goal: testing out her Blue Formula. She took a deep breath and poured the contents of the bottle down her throat. The taste was similar to the purple version but had a slightly sweeter aftertaste. She moaned about as she finished the bottle off and then licked her lips. She was excited for what her experiment could produce tonight.

Grabbing her backpack, Henrietta was about to lock up when she heard a sudden thud. She looked up and didn't see anyone elsewhere in the lab. "Must be on a different floor, " she thought and gathered her backpack and her other bottles of the Formula (one more of the new batch and some of the old for Anna and herself). 

The hallway of the science building was only slightly populated this evening with some students already having left for fall break. The campus would only be sparsely populated this weekend which was in part a relief and a disappointment to Henrietta. A relief since there would be less chance of discovery should Heidi and the others be unleashed on a willing populace but also disappointment because if they were, the pickings might be slim. She racked her brain to think of a proper place to try out her new creation as she walked through the halls and out into the evening. As Henrietta strolled, she reflected on more possibilities for her creation and if there was a way to make Anna permanently into Sonya. It was obvious she enjoyed being her more while Henrietta was fine with having both sides of her life. The other girls had started to treat further doses as more of a recreational activity than an addiction but Anna... she was so said being herself and would sleep for almost a full day when she'd change back. Henrietta made a note of this for later as she had finally found a possible destination: the campus gym. An evil smile crept across her face as she put a plan together.

First, Henrietta went to the locker room securely stored her bag in a locker. She also took off her lab coat and hung it up. She wouldn't, however be needing to change out of her clothes. She looked around and saw one or two other girls showering and changing. They were all very attractive to her pre-Heidi libido and she was starting to feel her breathing hasten. Like before with Dr. Nolan, she focused and tried to keep the change in check so as to complete her plan.

She sat, patiently on one of the benches watching as more and more of the girls were changing into their gym clothes, but more importantly, she eyed the sauna door off to the side of the locker room. She counted almost five girls in there now, all with towels wrapped around them and conversing about trivial topics. A smile crossed her lips as she finally couldn't take it anymore. She was ready for the next phase of her plan. With that release of her self-control, she let her body complete its foremost desire and the changes were upon her in minutes. Heidi's larger, stronger body tore through hers and pushed the pencil skirt apart into an almost loin cloth. Her larger breasts pushed against the polo and Heidi's stronger hands pulled the cheap cotton apart at the front creating a cleavage and midriff revealing top. As the Amazon shook her head, Henrietta's bun cascaded apart from a blond knot into a mane of dark brown hair. Heidi stood up and slid off the now soaked and stretched underwear Henrietta had forgotten to remove. She also kicked off her heels and took a long stretch, enjoying being out of her "cage" once more. 

"Now," she smiled fiendishly. "Let's see how much fun we can have."

She inhaled deeply and could smell her new musky scent coming off her body. It was a thick aroma that was more of a pleasing smell than body odor but still as pungent and permeating her surroundings. Her body was also dripping with sweat and droplets were running down her enlarged cleavage as well as her long legs. Among those droplets of sweat were also drops of vaginal secretions that were about what you'd expect from an aroused creature like Heidi. She took one of her long fingers and ran it up her inner thigh, taking a taste. It was sweet and almost like citrus. 

With a confident stride, Heidi strolled towards the sauna door and opened it. The inside was a dim room with wooden paneling along the walls as well as wooden benches around the perimeter. In the center was a long double wooden bench where patrons could sit almost back to back if they'd wanted. Steam and moisture hung in the air and it was almost twice as humid as the locker room. This would do perfectly. 

None of the girls noticed Heidi enter and then close the door behind her. She examined all five of the girls like prey and bit her lower lip examining their young forms, hidden semi-securely under white cotton towels. Each girl looked half asleep enjoying their sweating and relaxation. A young blonde girl in the corner was the first to notice Heidi after sniffing the air for a few seconds and then opening her eyes and looking around, settling on the stranger and her disheveled appearance. The young girl had short hair in a bob and looked longingly towards Heidi. There was no registering of shock or confusion, just hunger and lust as she drank in the smells and pheromones coming off of Heidi's body. The bob girl stood and walked across the floor, her legs slightly shaking with each step. Her towel started to become unfastened but she didn't seem to notice. As she walked towards Heidi, her balance gave way and she lowered herself to her knees. Heidi approached her and dipped two fingers into her own pussy, getting her hand good and sticky with juices. She ran them across the girls lips and watched for the results. The bob girl gasped started masturbating furiously, plunging fingers inside her wet pussy and running a hand over her sweaty chest. Her will was completely gone and the only thing she seemed focused on was pleasure as her eyes followed Heidi around the room.

The noises the bob girl started to make alerted the other girls in the sauna and they began to look around, slightly confused until the aroma hit them as well. One black girl leaned back against the wall she was sitting at and stared in still wonder at Heidi. This was Heidi's next subject and the Amazon leaned in and took the girls chin in her sticky finger. "Go on... lick my neck, my dear..." and the black girl complied, taking a long taste of the perspiration that was coming of Heidi's neck. Heidi rewarded the girl with a taste of her fingers as well and the girl took the resulting juices in like the first taste of water she'd after a week in the desert. Using her fingers as bait, she drew the black girl up off the bench and towards the bob girl on the floor. She covered her pussy in more juices and rubbed them over both girls lips and watched as they hungrily licked sweet secretions off of each other lips. 

Two brunettes, one with tattoos and the other with a pony tail had undone their towels watching Heidi with bob girl and the black girl and were now rubbing their chests and panting heavily. Heidi peeled off her top and walked over to both brunettes. She had a theory to test and sure enough, as she brought both of her breasts to the girls lips, small droplets leaked out of her nipples into their mouths. Nothing like full on lactation, but slight sweet secretions that the girls were lapping up like hungry dogs. The girls repositioned themselves for maximum results and moaned around Heidi's tits. Heidi threw her head back at her sensitive nipples being licked and nibbled by both of the girls. It was incredible and she was relishing the noises they were making. 

The last girl in the room, an athletic and freckled redhead stood up and approached Heidi from her right. The girl was already naked and she looked almost panicked and was breathing labored. Heidi noticed the girl's gold cross around her neck.

"Mmm you're a good church girl, aren't you?" she smiled as the redhead nodded and ran her hands over her body, gripping her own breasts and looking into Heidi's eyes with deep need.

Heidi took a some more of her secretions and spread them over the brunette's faces absently. The two brunettes rubbed the juices over their lips with their hands and then began to make out like the black girl and the bob girl had, with hunger and abandon half to feel pleasure and half to taste the other's lips. 

Heidi turned her attention to the redhead. "Come here, my dear." The girl struggled to stand with each step toward the Amazon and Heidi looked her over fully. Her freckles were dotted all over her chest and shoulders and her arms were toned and defined. She had a flat stomach and toned thighs with a small patch of red pubic hair. Heidi took the girls chin and looked deep into her eyes. They were not pained or terrified, but rather almost euphoric. Heidi surmised that the girl had not had that many experiences with sexuality and was overcome with her repressed feelings, buried deep for years. She saw something of Henrietta in the girls unfulfilled expressions. 

"Would you like to know pleasure?" She asked the redhead. The girl's face gave a confused look back but she managed an absent nod. Heidi smiled and lowered her to her knees. The girl broke eye contact with Heidi and looked at the black loin cloth of a skirt she was wearing. Heidi pulled it to the side, revealing her dripping pussy. The redhead gasped and pushed her hands down her own stomach towards redhead tuft of hair between her legs. She leaned in closer, extending her tongue like she was going to catch one of Heidi's droplets as if it were a snowflake in winter. 

"Good girl," Heidi cooed. "Go on..." and with that permission, the redhead began to slowly lick Heidi's slit, shaking with ever taste. The licks slowly turned into more aggressive tasting and then full on, however inexperienced, cunninlingus. The girl was an amateur but had enthusiasm. Heidi cooed as the redhead savored every taste of her. The other girls in the room had stood up to join them and were now each licking, sucking or tasting every exposed area of Heidi they could find. One brunette licked up her thigh while another tasted her neck from behind. The bob girl had positioned herself to enjoy the secretions from Heidi's nipple while the black girl licked Heidi's forearm before tasting the free nipple. The redhead was close to a personal climax and was moaning into Heidi's pussy between licks. Eventually, Heidi let the other girls have a taste and each rotated in as another collapsed onto the floor in climax. The humidity combined with their arousal had made the room almost suffocating for them and all but the redhead passed out once they were done. Heidi looked at the girl as she stood and regained her focus. Climaxing had cleared her head momentarily from Heidi's pheromones. 

"Did you enjoy that," Heidi asked.

"I've never... I didn't know... I just hid behind everything told to me forever... I didn't know it could be so good..." the redhead ripped her cross off her neck and held it in a fist, angrily regretting years of holding back from what she obviously enjoyed. 

Heidi took sympathy on the poor girl. She wanted to be free, just like Anna and Henrietta had. "I'm going to give you something" and motioned for the redhead to follow her. They exited the sauna and went back out into the locker room. Heidi unlocked Henrietta's locker and took out her backpack. Inside she found the extra bottles of the new blue Formula. She handed one to the redhead. 

"What's your name?" she asked her.

"Mary" she replied. 

Of course it is, Heidi thought. "Mary, I want you to drink this, right now and then tonight I want you to go out and enjoy yourself. Take in a night of freedom. If you ever need more, call this number and it'll be waiting for you." she handed Mary a piece of paper with Henrietta's cell phone. "Never, ever ever hide what you want from anyone." 

Mary nodded and undid the top of the bottle. She slowly drank the contents and then drank faster with each gulp. She stumbled back for a second and regained her balance before Heidi kissed her and massaged her clit furiously. This brought on an instant change in the girl that saw her painfully but with slight pleasure, into an even more toned Amazon. She grew a whole foot with her hair becoming straighter, her freckles clearing up almost completely, and her skin looking blemish free and nearly porcelain. She was strong, as well, with the athletic strength of Mary now almost doubled. 

The two girls kissed again and then what used to be the timid form of Mary, put on sports shorts and a tank top and smiled a mischievous smile. "Thank you." Heidi smiled back as she watched the girl walk out into the gym. While she changed back to Henrietta, she heard moans and gasps of a veritable orgy happening.