 As Henrietta Jekyll finished transforming back from her hyper-sexualized Amazon form of Heidi, she smiled a sheepish smile. She was recounting how Heidi had taken pity on the redheaded Catholic girl, Mary, and given her some of the new version of the Formula that had driven Mary and four other girls into a state of sexual frenzy not twenty minutes ago. The moans and cries from outside the locker room had died down and Henrietta was curious what had all happened. She slipped on a pair of sweats and an oversized tshirt and walked through the door. The first thing that hit her was the scent of formerly-Mary's pheromones. Like Heidi's had been, they were sweetly pungent and it took all her self-awareness and control to resist them. Her legs trembled and she was immediately hazy and wet but focused and kept on her feet. She spotted the Amazon Mary riding a ripped frat boy on the weight bench while she fingered a blonde coed to her left and felated a large black student to her right. She looked in pure heaven and lying around her were sweaty post-coital former partners, breathing heavy and watching her like some sort of goddess being worshiped. Henrietta resolved to hurry out of there before she was forced to join in but knew this wasn't the last time she'd see Mary. Outside the gym she inhaled fresh air and let out a sigh. She hoped she wasn't done with all of this for the night. It had been too much fun so far.

 Dusk was settling over the quad as she strolled across campus. She noticed a few students commiserating on blankets, some reading and studying, others just listening to music and absently texting. The section of the quad near the gymnasium was known for being a secluded spot that students took advantage of regularly for peaceful studying and (usually after nightfall) exciting rendevous. There were no dorms that looked out from that area and no viewpoints from the gymnasium that could spot you. Alternately there was a gorgeous view of the hillside and campus security had a callbox nearby to alert them should you need help. 

 "Hey, stranger. Long time no see." Henrietta looked over her shoulder and saw Carl, her ex-boyfriend leaning against a tree in the quad near where she was walking.

 "Oh. Hi, Carl. Uhhhh..." Henrietta was at a loss for words. She'd almost completely forgotten about Carl in all of the insanity of the last few weeks. Ever since that first night and that first change into Heidi, she'd totally blanked on getting back in touch with him. 

 "What have you been up to?" She was suddenly nervous. How much did he remember and where had he been all this time?

 "Well, actually..." He sauntered closer to her, his hands in his pocket. He had a smile on his face like a fox. She was slightly uncomfortable. "I've been watching you. You and Anna and all your little friends. That was some crazy stuff that happened at your place homecoming week, right? All the neighbor guys and your slumber party. Also you and Dr. Nolan? I mean, now THAT was nuts." 

 Heidi was suddenly nervous. He knew everything. "What do you want, Carl?" She looked him sternly.

 "Oh I already have what I want, Henrietta. I've got everything I could possibly want." His smile got bigger and suddenly Henrietta knew why. She took a step back and realized his chest had started to get slightly bigger, filling out his sweater more. His posture had become more rigid and his breathing was deeper, like that of a bull. She knew what was coming but fortunately, she was prepared too. 

 "Nice try, Carl," She smiled back with the same sly grin. "But this isn't my first rodeo." She took out one of the bottles of blue formula from her bag and downed it quickly, almost choking on the sweet contents. Carl looked at her quizzically. Obviously he hadn't seen the new batch in action yet which means he wasn't at the Gym. He must have only gotten a hold of her older batch after she'd left the lab tonight.

 "Hmph. Hhhr." He was already close to full on changing but that would be fine because so was Henrietta. She had kept her arousal heavily at bay from the gym and when combined with the Formula she was just going to let it happen.

 "Witnesses be damned," she thought. "I'm going to show this shit who the bitch is." 

 Henrietta's changes were swift and smooth. The oversized shirt suddenly held her larger frame and breasts with ease. The sweatpants filled out with her augmented curves and her hair was out of its ponytail and feeling loose. She inhaled deep and looked at the creature that used to be Carl. He was quite a catch. Must more handsome than the Doctor with the tatters of his sweater hanging off of him and his slacks reduced to shreds. His bulging erection definitely drew her attention, as did his pheromones and musky scent. Unlike her experience with the Doctor, she was more in control this time and she could tell Carl could resist her more than other men had, but with her increased scent from the new batch, it was definitely causing him trouble.

 "Mine. Want. Take. Fuck." he advanced toward her gripped her shoulder, kissing her groping her clothed butt. She had to admit, it was quite arousing. If he'd been half this good when they were together, she would have dated him longer. Heidi noticed he'd started to drink in her scent more and more, licking her neck furiously and grunting while he humped up against her. She relaxed and let herself take his in as well and moaned into his ear. 

 "You want me, huh? Gonna have to show me a little better, big boy." She shoved him back hard and slid off her sweatpants revealing herself the hungry alpha male that was once her useless ex-boyfriend. The pheromones she was putting out were even more intense open to the night air and that was all it took to beat the creatures resolve. Carl's hulking form dropped to its knees and gripped Heidi's legs, ravenously devouring her pussy and grunting in hungry gulps. Heidi became awash in his pheromones as well, losing concentration from his expert skills eating her out. She stumbled a bit, steadying herself against his shoulders. Between gasps, she looked around for the first time since approaching the secluded patch of grass and realized what their combined pheromones had unleashed. All around them, couples were stripping off their clothes and fondling themselves or fucking each other. Two girls who had been studying together were now each barely clothed and 69ing furiously, dripping and drooling on each other. To their right, a couple who had been texting a few feet away from each other were now engaged in wild groping, the girl's hand in the boys pants and his hand also in hers, they barely registered the other people in wild copulation around them. There was also an Indian girl who was closest to Heidi and Carl who was on her knees lost in hungry lust watching their actions. This gave Heidi a devilish idea and she grabbed Carl by the back of his head and pulled him away from her dripping crotch.

 "Come here, big boy. Let's bring in a ringer." She motioned towards the Indian girl and like a dog spotting a bone, Carl became enamored with his potential toy. Heidi leaned back into the grass as Carl reached out and grabbed the girl and tore her leggings open then bent her over onto all fours in front of Heidi's waiting pussy. The girl took every inch of Carl's thick member and gasped followed by a moan of pleasure as she drank in the aroma coming off of Heidi. She licked her slowly and then faster with abandon as Carl pumped in and out of her aggressively. Heidi could feel the girl moan into her and she gripped the dirt, enjoying the sensation. She could feel the Indian girl cum loudly and that sent Heidi over the edge as well. The sounds of the orgy around them was like an orchestra of pleasure to her. 

 Once Carl had finished with the Indian girl, Heidi wanted her turn and rolled onto her knees, presenting herself like an animal in heat to her former lover. He met her request and bent over her, gripping the dirt just like she was, both their knees digging into the grass and they loudly showed their onlookers what real pleasure looked like.

 The duo rutted for what felt like an eternity, wave upon wave of pleasure pouring over Heidi and Carl both. They had ripped up the small patch of grass they were occupying and when they finished, the whole space looked like a pagan sex orgy had taken place. Carl had finally passed, still inside Heidi. She slid off of his member and rolled him onto his back. Around her, the small group that had been under the spell of their pheromones had started to regain their senses and frantically apologize and gather their things, running off into the night to try to figure out what had happened. Heidi could feel the change back to Henrietta coming and grabbed her shirt and sweatpants, ready to put them back on as soon as she'd changed back. As she was getting dressed, she suddenly had a devilish idea. She walked over the campus security phone and called the office, reporting a student that had been wandering around campus, drunk and naked, throwing himself at female students and chasing them. She said she would be happy to report him from a lineup and that there were other witnesses. She could feel herself changing as she finished the call and got off the phone in a hurry to avoid her voice changing mid sentence. This would undoubtedly get Carl expelled if not arrested, she thought. That would definitely keep him out of her hair for good.

 Henrietta was back to normal and felt a wave of relief while she watched from afar as the campus police aggressively detained Carl. He definitely looked like a drunk sex offender with his clothes all off of him and his body all dirty. No one would believe his story if he tried to tell it. This coupled with other stories she'd known about him from before they dated would finalize his time as a threat to her.

 She walked back to her apartment with a spring in her step. As she climbed the stairs, she saw a number she didn't recognize leaving her a text. "Hi, this is Mary. I was told to text this number if i needed more of that stuff. Thank you again. please text me back so we can meet." 

 "Hmph," Henrietta thought. "That sure was fast." She surmised that Mary had changed back by now and was in need of more of the Formula to keep her night of freedom going. 

 She opened the apartment door and dropped her bag off in the kitchen. She put the liters of the classic purple batch of the Formula on the shelf in the fridge and kept one bottle of the blue out to give to Anna. She knew she'd want a crack at it soon. It was at that point, she realized Anna hadn't greeted her when she came in. She looked around the mess that was their apartment. It was a disaster from all the sex and lack of attention paid to its upkeep. She could see a light on in Anna's room and she knocked before entering as a courtesy. She found Anna lying on her bed facing the wall, her nightgown hanging off of her curvy latina body. 

 "Hey, roomie." Henrietta raised her voice a few octaves for an offering of support. "You ok?"

 Anna rolled over and looked at Henrietta. Her eyes were red from crying and she looked incredibly depressed. "I can't take this anymore." she said, gasping a bit like she wanted to cry but was out of tears. "I hate who I am when I'm not... her!" 

 Henrietta walked over and held her dear friend and roommate. Anna had always had issues with herself. They'd had long talks deep into the night about how hard it had been for her to grow up in her family and with her small town of horrible residents. College had been an escape for her and as her parents had basically forgotten about her here, like a pet dropped off at the shelter, she'd gotten more and more withdrawn over the last few years. The amount of loans and scholarships she'd taken out for school had been the only thing keeping her going since she'd hate to waste all the money she'd spent so far. 

 "Can't I just... be.. HER.. forever?" 

 "I don't know, babe. I mean, are you sure that's what you want?"

 "I've never liked being me, Henrietta. You know that. I just... I love being Sonya. I love everything about it. I've never felt more alive. The other girls... they talk about their changes like a vacation or drug to take when they want to. They like going back to being themselves when it's over. Even you like being Henrietta more than Heidi."

 Henrietta took a deep breath. Anna was right. As much as she enjoyed being Heidi, she did also enjoy being herself and having that choice and that change of pace. Being boring wasn't so bad when you knew you could have fun when you wanted to, on your own terms.

 Suddenly, she had a thought. She'd need to run the numbers but...

 "I think... I think there's a way for this to happen, Anna." she looked at her friend hesitantly. "But I need to know. I need you to think hard and tell me the truth. Is this REALLY what you want? Can you make this decision and be final about it, if that's what happens?"

 Anna perked up and sat on the edge of the bed. "This is everything I want. I know I'd never regret. Please... Please make this happen."

 Henrietta went into the kitchen with a notebook and her laptop. She furiously ran tests on her chemistry software and jotted down numbers, doing quick math and then retyping equations. She opened up the fridge and took out a container of the purple Formula and took the bottle of the blue and put them both on the counter. In the cabinet was a large pitcher and she started pouring equal parts of both liquids into the pitcher, making sure the amounts were consistent. She added some water to cut it and then stirred the whole batch with a ladle. The liquid turned a deep maroon and then swirled until it was finally a luscious crimson color. She poured a tall glass for Anna and set it in front of her. 

 "This is it." she said. "There's no going back." 

 Anna took a deep breath and nodded. She brought the glass to her lips and gulped down the contents slowly, making sure not to lose a drop. Once she'd finished, Henrietta poured the rest of the contents of the pitcher into the glass. "You have to finish all of it." she instructed. Anna complied and after three glasses, was finished with the pitcher's crimson contents. Suddenly, she started gasping and then coughing. Henrietta helped her stand up right but Anna shoved her aside and stumbled towards the floor. She bent over and tried to recover on her own, her breathing deep and strained. Slowly, she recovered and then, as Henrietta watched, she slowly changed one final time. Sonya's body ripped through the nightgown and stood to face her. She looked as gorgeous as always but this time, there was less of an urgency to her, more peaceful. There was a hint of the pheromones coming off of her, too but not as powerful as the usual blue batch. Just enough to draw someone in but not enough to corrupt their will.

 "Hey there, chica." Sonya smiled, less intensely and more in a friendly, genial manner. "Thank you." She hugged Henrietta tightly and the two swayed a bit. 

 "Are you going to be ok?" Henrietta asked.

 "I am, baby. Truly, I am." 

 Over the next few days, Sonya packed up her things and withdrew Anna from school. She was immediately a hit at three local strip clubs and wouldn't be without money for awhile. She and Henrietta (as Heidi) had one last night together but instead of a frenzied, lustful orgy, it was a sweet and somber love-making session. In the morning, Henrietta awoke and found herself alone and Sonya gone for good. 

 It wasn't too tragic, though. Mary and Henrietta had it hit it off during the following weeks from their gym encounter. The Catholic girl with fiery red hair had loved her new alternate life as well as being able to still go to church and hang out with her friends like normal. She'd dubbed herself Cynthia ("I like how it sounds," she's said with mischief in her voice) and enjoyed her time in both of her identities as an almost therapy to her years of repression. After spending nearly every day hanging out (changed and unchanged), Mary moved in and became Henrietta's new roommate. Sometimes they'd even go watch Sonya at work and let the night take them places. 

 It had been an incredible year for Henrietta Jekyll. She knew her life was just starting to get interesting. Heidi would definitely not ever let the ride stop.