 Once upon a time there was a beautiful maiden. She was the most beautiful girl in all the land. Her hair was spun gold, her eyes were like happy dancing violets, her rosy lips were plump and her body was that of a siren. She was happy and graceful and kind. 

She lived in a land ruled by an evil queen. Her dark magic was like an iron thumb keeping control of the land and its people. 

It was encouraged for subjects to be beautiful for their value was great however, the queen had use for all her subjects as long as a subjects beauty did not rival the queens. 

Many things were forbidden in this land. But nothing more so than fucking for pleasure. Masturbating, foreplay, and liaisons of any kind were strictly forbidden. 

Fucking and all of its pleasures belonged to the Royals. These were the nobility of the land. Often the beauties who failed to get pregnant would be pulled from their duties to service the queen, king or their noble guests.

For the commoner, sex was strictly controlled. Only beauties were used to create babies. Even then sex was for procreation only and the beautiful men and women of the land reported to the palace each day to be inspected, paired and supervised while they went about getting pregnant. 

Once a beautiful girl turned 18 she was to begin her birthing duties. She would be paired with a hopeful and fucked to encourage ejaculation by the male. There was no foreplay, kissing or touching allowed. A man could only apply for fuck duty if he were 18 and handsome. 

Women were strapped naked into metal contraptions designed to lift their holes to the right height for the man to step between her legs and usually they just rammed it in.

Once impregnated they were removed from the line and brought to the birthing hall. There they were fed and looked after until they were ready to have their child. Then they were removed to birthing rooms. 

After giving birth the female was allowed one year of freedom before she had to report to the palace for fuck duty. She was fitted with an enchanted plug that did not allow penetration of any kind. The plug was removed when she reported for fuck duty at the end of her resting period. It was not an uncomfortable device and did not interfere with daily functions.

All this was monitored and kept straight by the magical men created by the queen. They were known as The Guard. These men were modelled after the male body. 6'5 in height and very muscular. They were all black with no face, eyes or mouth, just a nose. They had no male equipment just a bulge where the anatomy would be. They were inhumanly strong and fast. 

All babies belonged to the queen to do with as she pleased. These children were sent to the home of an uglies to be raised up. They were brought to the palace upon turning 18 to be assessed and sent to the appropriate work station. All work to be done in the land was started at 18. 

Now in this land your duties were assigned to you based on your looks. Uglies as they were known were strictly used as servants. They served the queen and all the birthing women as well as raising the babies. Plains were used as kingdom workers. They did everything from farming to baking, woodworking to black smithing. Lovelies did palace duty. They kept everything clean and well maintained. Beauties were for fuck duty. The queen often sold the most beautiful of the land to other kingdoms like chattel. If you were more beautiful than the queen you were turned into living wood. 

Living wood was a stunning glossy wooden sculpture that still looked human. All the characteristics of the person were captured in stunning detail. They were solid wood however and only posable by the queen.

They were mostly naked though some were wrapped enticingly in silken cloth. They were all over the palace and palace grounds. Men and women who rivalled the queens beauty became decorations to entice rich young rulers to come trade with the queen. 

Now our golden beauty was just 18. She lived with a particularly ugly family. They loved her and raised her to be happy and carefree, never mentioning her fate to her. 

The day her summons arrived she was collected by The Guard and brought to the palace to stand before the queen and be assessed. Along the way a problem occurred on the fuck line. The two Guard stopped, ordered her to stay there and left to aid the other Guards in dealing with the problem. 

She really did mean to listen for she was a fairly obedient girl but she was curious and carefree. She soon wandered off looking at all the luxurious delights in the palace. 

Eventually she wandered into the living quarters of the king. He was asleep on his bed. He was naked and his cock was standing up bobbing around as he slept. 

The queen, king and nobles had spells cast on them to make all who looked upon their nakedness instantly desire them and be willing to do anything asked of them. 

Her natural curiosity had her stepping closer and closer until she could reach out and touch it. First she touched the tip. It was soft and silky and wet. She put the liquid to her tongue. It tasted good! It also made her lips tingle and swell slightly. She wanted more but couldn't see how to get it. 

Growing up she had helped around the house and had seen that the baby kittens would suck on the teats of their mama to make milk come out. She had also milked cows on the nearby farms for her surrogate parents. She wondered if this knowledge would help her now. 

Quietly and gently she climbed on the bed. When she was directly over the Kings cock she put her hand on it and pumped it like a teat. More of the wonderful liquid dribbled out. She licked it up with her tongue. The enchanted sperm made her body tingle and her breath catch. It was so good! 

She was frustrated that her vigorous pumping was only producing a small amount of the delicious cream. She thought she could get more if she sucked it like a teat just like the baby kittens did. Without ceasing her stroking, she slid her mouth over the tip of the kings cock and suckled. 

Before long the juice she craved started to dribble faster. She gulped it down. It seemed the king wanted to feed her his special cream because he started to buck and move under her tongue and hand. Soon great gobs of cream were flowing into her mouth. She was so happy she swallowed it all! 

The enchanted sperm was working in her body. It made her already large breasts swell. Her nipples popped and stood straight out like hard little nubs. Her beautiful pussy started to leak and delightful spasms and tremors made her clit swell and tingle. Even her plump ass got bigger and rounder. She felt amazing and alive! 

The king who had slept through the blow job awoke. He thought he must be dreaming because a beautiful siren was in his bed and had her mouth on his cock. He had never seen a more beautiful girl ever and he desired her fully. 

He ordered her to remove her clothes. This she did slowly, unsure of what was required of her but willing just the same. As she revealed her body the king was filled with lust like he had never known. He kissed each part of her body. His enchanted lips left fire every place they touched. He suckled her firm breasts and licked her everywhere. His enthusiasm knew no bounds. As he spread her legs he stared at her throbbing engorged cunt. It was so delightful! A tiny perfect slit and two little lips barely hiding her swollen clit. Her asshole was a tiny rose bud He craved to open and make blossom.

Her pussy throbbed and leaked down her ass. Even her own pussy juice was effected by the Kings enchanted sperm and it tingled crying for attention as it ran down her crack. 

The king held her legs open by her knees. He bent his regal head and licked her aching pussy. It felt so good her ass clenched and she humped the Kings face! He sucked and licked and tonged her throbbing pussy and ass hole. 

Finally she could take no more. Her tits and nipples tingled and her pussy pulsed as she came all over the Kings face. He licked and sucked up all her juice. 

When he entered her virgin body with his rigged cock there was no pain. The enchantment turned all pain to increased pleasure. The taking of her purity was such intense pleasure that she cried out and came right then on his cock. 

Her hole was so tight the king had to work to gain full entrance to her pussy. He could hardly move in her she gripped his cock so hard. He was going to spill his seed in her which was a forbidden act. Because of its enchanted power only the queen could have his cum in her pussy. All others were to eat it or wear it. 

This pussy was so tight, so hot that he craved to explode in her. He pumped in and out of her tight hole slowly. As his pleasure increased so did his speed until he was fucking her like a wild stallion. She came on his cock repeatedly feeding his frenzy as her tiny hole milked and creamed his cock. 

Finally he could take no more. He filled her hot pussy with his full load of enchanted sperm. His cock was still iron rod hard so he continued to fuck her plunging into her ass with excessive force. She cried out in intense pleasure again and again. 

The more he shot his load in her the more beautiful she became. She glowed with youth and vitality. Her big tits bounced as he forcibly fucked her cunt, her face and her ass. He couldn't get enough.

Normally this kind of fucking would hurt a virgin but the Kings enchantment turned all of her pain into intense pleasure. She was mindless with joy and happiness. 

The king just kept right on fucking her. In her mouth, in her pussy, in her ass. Until he could fuck no more. He had filled her young body with his enchanted seed until she could not contain it. It seeped from her ass and her pussy. Her belly was filled with his hot seed. 

She lay on his bed a thoroughly fucked miss. Her lips were swollen, her tits were swollen, her little pussy was a swollen throbbing, dripping mess and her tiny asshole was gapping. She never looked as sexy or as wanton. The queens unholy shriek failed to register on her. Her mind was numb with pleasure. 

The queen was enraged that this unmatched beauty had taken her seed. She couldn't even be sold now that her body had tasted enchantment. 

The queen grabbed her by her hair and dragged her to the open court. Naked and seeping, her body still trying to close from her adamant fucking. All the servants stopped and stared at her. 

The queen cast a spell on her turning her to living wood. The queen positioned her so that her legs were spread, her knees bent. Her tiny asshole and perfect cunt clearly visible to all. She placed her hands on her knees and forced her forward. Her mouth open and her tits peaked. She looked like a goddess.

The queen announced that this statue would be used as a surrogate to harden the men before they entered the room for impregnation. All who needed help could use any available hole. Her enchantment was such that this statue alone could be posed by anyone. Allowing the men to position her as needed for their height or size.

In the morning word had spread throughout the land about the queens benevolent gift. Every available man was in line making use of her before entering the impregnation line. 

She took cock after cock of every size in her mouth, her pussy and her ass. Many times simultaneously. Often the men would bend her backwards at the waist and forcibly fuck her face as two men bent her downward from the waist and fucked her cunt and ass at the same time.

Because she had been turned to living wood with the King enchanted seed still in her she could feel every fuck. Her holes would adjust to the girth and length of each man maximizing her pleasure. Every cock was the perfect fit. She was able to have silent orgasm after orgasm as men banged her continually.

During the day the workers took her quite forcibly but the Kings enchanted seed made all pain pleasure so she enjoyed even the most violent fucking. At night the nobility would use her as if she were a toy or a game. They would position her in outrageous ways and use her in whatever way they wished. 

Sometimes they would cum on her and rub it into her as if it were cream on her skin. Sometimes they peed on her or in her holes and sometimes they fucked her mercilessly and came inside her. Her body would absorb any seed as if it were food. It nourished her causing her to be well polished and soft. 

The queen was unaware that the girl was still alive inside the wood. She knew not that the men's sperm was keeping her alive and well fed. That the Kings seed caused her to enjoy her torturous life. She delighted in being used and eagerly awaited the next cock day and night.

Now as with all spells there is a way to break the spell rendering it useless. In this case the queen was confident that it would never happen. It required the girl to be fucked by her one true love.

The queen knew for a fact that her husband, the king, was her first and only lover. She had stood in her magic mirror and watched as he took her maiden head with passion and force. She watched the blood flow onto the bed. To her horror, she watched her husband fill her with his precious enchanted seed. 

Enraged she had dragged the beautiful girl to the hall fresh from her husbands bed and cast her spell. There was no true love for this girl. Her fate only held an endless stream of cocks. She would remain a cock whore forever! 

One day it reached the Kings ears that there was a statue present in the palace that a man could actually fuck like a woman. All the other statues in and around the palace were beautiful to behold but had no holes. Lips eternally closed or smiling but no real anatomy parts. They were solid wood. 

This intrigued the king. Ever since he had woke up to the incredible Nymph in his bed and on his cock, he had been incredibly horny. His wife the queen was punishing him for his infidelity and not allowing any beauties to come to him for pleasure. It was because he had broken the rules and cum in his dream siren. 

The king was horny and decided to visit the statue. He was shocked and turned on to see his beautiful nymph spread out before him. He ordered everyone away. He positioned her to his satisfaction and entered her tight pussy. 

Her muscle memory remembered his cock and adjusted to his perfect fit. He went wild with unbridled passion. He fucked her as vigorously as the first time until he was ready to cum. 

Now he had heard that this living wood statue actually absorbed cum. That it never leaked out of any of her holes. She greedily took all that was given her. 

He pondered whether or not to spill his seeds inside of her. He feared what would happen. 

He could feel the pussy of the statue throbbing, trying to milk his seed. It felt strange but hot. He pulled out. He let his cock settle down and filled her ass with his cock. He pounded out an incredible staccato in her ass. Again he felt it pulsing and throbbing on his cock making him unbelievably hard and horny. 

He pulled out. Letting his cock calm itself again before he pulled her up and over his cock. He held her by her once silky hair and pounded her onto his cock. Her mouth adjusted to allow his length into her throat. 

He fucked her face savagely. It felt so divine. Never had he experienced such insatiable hunger except with the living version of this girl. 

Suddenly he needed to be in her pussy again. He lay her back gently... As if she would break. He positioned her in a lovers pose as he slowly entered her tight hot hole. He ravaged her pussy and made love to her wooden body. Finally with a sob of the most intense pleasure he released his seeds inside her. 

He lay on her wooden body as his own body settled down. With amazement, he felt her body grow soft and pliant. He looked at her face. Surprise overtook him as she returned to her human state before his eyes. 

Because this powerful spell was broken, all the spells the evil queen had cast also broke. The Guard all fell exactly where they stood and melted into black goo. All the enchantments broke. The beautiful men and women returned to humans as the living wood spell was lifted. The king felt his heart burst and grow as the enchantment left his body. 

The queens screams could be heard all throughout the palace. She made her way to the king. She was livid. Spit spewed from her twisted face as she tried to cast a spell over the king. He took one of the metal spikes that had held the cock statue up and plunged it through the queen. 

She screamed and writhed as the life left her body. She died right there at their feet. The king lifted his sultry nymph into his arms. "I will marry you today, but first we must bathe you." 

The delighted girl was carried to the Kings chambers. He made love to her body several more times. They bathed and dressed. He took her as his queen that night. 

The entire land celebrated the union and their new found freedoms. All the women in the fuck line were released and sent home. All the pregnant women were given a choice to leave or stay. Some stayed. 

The kingdom was at peace. The king and his queen fucked like rabbits and had many of their own babies ensuring the survival of their reign.