 There was a time once, when a king learned of a way to have whatever he desired. Power, women, gold, beasts... anything. He sought out the Weapons of Power, the seven elemental tools. When drawn together, they would bestow upon the collector whatever his heart desired. This human king, however, had a black heart. In a terrible and bloody struggle, he collected all the pieces of the catastrophic puzzle. Many creatures tried to flee, but were consumed by the fires that charred the continent, leaving it's rocky flesh blackened. But one creature survived. A fire dragon named Valor fled across the ocean.

Upon landing on the shores of an abandon, empty continent, he went into hiding, and his sorrow drown away his memories. Soon, when he worked up the courage to seek out life again, he sought sentient civilizations, and across a vast ocean, he met an Angel. She was beautiful beyond compare, and the two quickly fell in love. He took her away from a family that hated her, took her back to his cave in a volcano, and there they began their large family. The angel's name was Faith.

Their first were conceived on the shore of the Crystal Lake, fed by a waterfall that flowed down the mountain as if by some magic. Faith gave birth to twins, Twilight and Flare. Twilight was a dragoness tied to magic, and had purple hair and eyes, where her brother was a fire dragon, like his father, with bright orange hair and red eyes. They grew quickly. 

The next was a little boy with blonde hair and green wings, tied to Earth. He was called Keto, and his sister, a little dragonling with pink scales was named Blaze. They were born five years apart. They grew relatively slower than their brother and sister, who grew at an alarming rate! Valor was saddened by his little girl's growth, and knew that one day she would fly away and leave him. Her brother, too. That hurt Faith like a dagger wound. 

However, Valor noticed something very alarming with his little girl. She grew quickly and, one day while hunting, he finally noticed what a beautiful dragoness she was becoming. Her scales shone like amethyst gems, and her angelic form was becoming a beautiful young woman. Her breasts were perfect, he thought. He was a dragon, a full blooded dragon, and didn't know any better than this. It is the same with house cats. Incest does not taint the blood, as humans and angels thought. It purified it for dragons, made family lines stronger, and increased the power of the offspring. 

But that was not what was on Valor's mind. Now, watching her bathe in the crystal lake, he was focused on her breasts, the only thing visible above the water as she floated along her back, with the assistance of her wings, bent backwards to use as flotation devices. Her hair pooled out like purple oil in the water, surrounding her head in a majestic halo. With the gentle waves, he noticed, also, the wet curly purple hair that crested the water's surface around her groin every few moments. Standing in the mouth of his cave, looking past the waterfall, he was unaware his mate, Faith, was watching him with a smile. 

She, however, thought he was watching his little girl while he could, before she left to create a family of her own. It was about that time, and both knew it. Their twins would be leaving soon, off to start new lives. 

Flare, on the other hand, was sleeping inside, near the cliff that dropped off to the massive lava lake in the volcano's heart, and his brother and baby sister were sleeping together in the massive silk-lined gold nest on the cliff's center. His dreams were that of a typical teen's. He dreamed of every mature woman he's ever known, all of them naked and servicing him in ways he'd never been told of.

Tired herself, Faith turned and left her mate in the mouth of the cave, in favor of sleeping with her children, before the night became too dark to see through. Valor, having sensed his mate leave, walked out of the mouth of the cave and started padding across the soft, moist grass that lined his Crystal lake. His blue eyes never left his daughter, who by now was swimming slowly back towards the shore, where her little purple dress hung in a tree. He reached there first and smiled warmly at his daughter as she climbed from the frigid water. "You're growing quite good at that, Twi."

"Thank you, daddy!" She said, bowing low to her father.

Valor took that time to let a soft sigh escape his lips, and shift himself about in his trousers. He was already hard, and had nearly been in a constant state of erection since the few years ago his little girl had started to turn into a woman. He thought few years, and indeed it would be so if they were human, but... for the dragon family, it was only a few months. 

She must have noticed because when she stood straight again, the grin playing across her face sent a shiver down Valor's spine. She stepped forward towards him and the dress behind him, and winked once. "Maybe you can learn a thing or two in watching me swim." She said. She wasn't affected in the slightest at being naked in front of her father. In fact, her father was quite naked in front of her. Dragons, you see, didn't believe in clothing. It, in their eyes, hides the true physical beauty of a creature. However Faith had been quite adamant about he at least wearing leggings, ever since Twilight had come of age and began the road to womanhood. Who was he to deny the real authority in any household? The woman.

Valor grinned nervously and side stepped, allowing her to reach her dress. In doing so, his eyes wandered down to the tuft of purple hair covering her groin and he lost it. His eyes, which were usually a deep blue shifted, changing into the primal red that only ever happened when he lost total control of himself. His hands stretched out to his daughter and ran through her damp, soft hair. She giggled, but there was a quaver in her laughter that told Valor she was quite nervous of his actions. 

"You have soft hair." He said, causing another nervous giggle from his daughter. His hands slid down the soft locks, which reached all the way down to her belly button. From the ends of her hair, his hands slid along the smooth skin of her belly down to the tuft of hair on her groin. "Very soft indeed."

Twilight whimpered and tried to move away, but Valor's two massive draconic wings spread around her, holding her there against him. Since Valor could change from dragon to humanesque forms at will, he had found a way to materialize clothing from nowhere. As well as dematerialize them. While a finger circled Twilight's opening, threatening to sink into her, his pants seemed to disintegrate and turn to ash, only to float away on the wind as a fine red mist. His member stood at attention, causing Twi's eyes to widen in shock, and gasp at it's size.

"D-daddy..." Again she tried to move away from him, but she backed only into his wings. He pulled her against his hot, pink body and pressed his lips to her own, ignoring her groans of protest. With another gasp, she tore her lips away from his and attempted to back up a final time, but it was no use.

Valor unfolded his wings, but his arms were replaced around the young woman instantly. He laid her down on the soft grass and climbed on top of her despite her protests. He kissed her again, to muzzle her complaints and pleas, and indeed her gasp as one of his fingers entered her. He explored her insides for a few moments, only pulling his finger free when he was satisfied his little girl was indeed a virgin. He spread her legs and pressed the tip of his member against her opening. His hands cupped those luscious breasts he'd been so captivated by, and his lips again assaulted her own, stifling the groan as he pressed his organ into her, until he felt her resistance. He paused, then slowly rocked his hips to and fro, causing her groans to turn into moans. His lips left her own, and her moans only intensified.

Her hips pushed back against his, rising to meet his down thrusts. Her moans turned into cries and her hands grasped at the grass beneath her. Her purple feathered wings spread wide, flapping frantically with the pleasure that coursed through her. Her soft whimpering soon turned into a scream of pain as Valor pushed past her maidenhood, sinking himself to the base inside her. He kissed her to muffle her scream and her cries. Her pleasurable movements gave way to frantic attempts to get free from her father as she realized what was happening. 

Valor's movements grew quicker, and he drove himself deeper and deeper into Twi with each thrust, causing her to cry out I a mix of pain and pleasure with each wet slap their skin made against each other. Her muscles began to spasm, almost literally milking her father's member as he moved into her. "Daddy!!!" She screamed with her first orgasm. Valor was not long behind, soon releasing his seed into her, thrusting one more powerful thrust into her womb to release his life giving seed to the one place it belonged: a woman's womb. He collapsed on Twilight and kissed and nibbled at her neck. In return, she nipped at her father's soft flesh, panting beneath him. Her arms and wings wrapped around him and she held him close as they recovered.

Faith was stirred awake by two nimble fingers unlacing her dress. He sat up and shook her head with a small smile. "Valor! Not here so close to our children!" In the darkness, she could see the dragon's outline standing and tugging her from the gold nest and across the cave, behind one of the giant mirrors standing along one of the walls. Her dress was peeled away, leaving her angelic body completely naked to her love, who stepped back and examined her.

Soon enough those two warm hands began to wander her body, caressing the two globes on the angel's chest. Faith shivered then, her hands already down along her groin, slipping into herself and flicking and pinching that little love-button there, pushed her lover onto his back with her silky soft wings. He straddled his hips and reached down to gently take the stiff, throbbing weapon in her hand. She stroked her hand up and down the shaft a few times before leading the tip to her entrance. She, with one powerful motion, slammed her hips down, completely impaling herself on the halberd between her legs. She let out a loud gasp, and cried out her lover's name. "Valor!!!" She started to bounce on the rod, sending the echo of skin slapping skin throughout the cave as she rode the dragon beneath her. Soon, though, she felt another pair of hands on her shoulders. Her eyes shot open as she was pushed forward on the body under her. Two arms wrapped around her waist in addition to the hands on her back, and a pair of lips brushed against her earlobe. "I love you, Mother." It was Flare's voice. Soon the four hands raised her up on her hands and knees and another hot pole was pressed into her. 

This one sunk into her rear but moved in time with Flare's rod in her previously. She was rocked forward and back with the two males pumping into her. Despite the knowledge that she was fucking her eldest son, she was moaning loudly, calling out both names in turn. "Oh, goddess Flare! Give mommy your milk! Make mommy cum like Daddy does! OH! VALOR!!! Your making it hard to breathe!" 

Valor felt his member start to pulse in her rear, and with one last, deep thrust, began to shoot his white, and much hotter seed into her. He pulled out of her and laid down beside Flare, looking up into his lover's face. "You should be proud of Twilight." He whispered, which made her eyes, once rolled back into her head, shoot forward and stare at Valor in shock before crying out in pleasure as her orgasm took her, and her son, over the edge. The pair collapsed onto one another, and soon, Twilight laid down atop Valor and rode him again once more, and both came another time. Soon, all four curled up and were asleep.

The following weeks were spent as if nothing happened, though the quartet could not deny what had happened for long. Faith's belly was growing, and she was growing moodier. In a panic, she had pulled aside Valor one day after one of his early morning hunts and announced she was carrying a child, though she could not tell who's; Flare's or Valor's. 

Twilight was also growing around the middle, and her dress no longer fit her. She was growing faster than her mother, but the sings were the same. She was pregnant and Valor knew all to well. Dragons didn't carry one child. Twins were a rarity. She was carrying at the very most six, and at the very least twins.

As time went on, Faith went into labor one night, and gave birth to a silver haired baby girl, whom she named Selva. Her daughter Twilight was not far behind. No sooner did Faith give birth to Selva than Twi went into labor. She gave birth to four black scaled dragons, all of whom were Valor's. Instead of leaving like Valor feared, Twilight stayed in the cave with her family and raised her babies. Flare, though left to find himself another mate, giving Valor all the more reason to believe all five of the new babies were his. Three of which were girls he wouldn't wait to mature and become women.