 Erynsuge was in a state of total bliss. The sacrificial virgin sent by the villagers had been better than average - he rated her at a 7.5 out of 10. Erynsuge rated all his sacrifices, because it was the only way he could separate them in his memory. Many years earlier he'd tried asking their names beforehand, but all the girls were too terrified to speak. Cynegyth was the exception: she yelled her name loudly and kicked at his iron-strong scales. Erynsuge had laughed. Now he kept her on a chain: she cleaned the cavern and organized the horde in exchange for not being ravaged and eaten. Cynegyth was begrudgingly keeping her end of the bargain, and as a dragon of honor, Erynsuge was proudly keeping his.

He rolled onto his back and let the rough stone floor cool him down. The lump in his stomach had stopped kicking, so he was finally able to enjoy his meal in peace. 

Erynsuge closed his eyes and remembered her face. She had cried from the start, and had gawked in horror as she watched his cock drop out of his cloaca. It was clear from her reaction that she was a virgin, unlike many recent sacrifices. Bloody ignorants, he thought, still trying to wiggle out of a deal we made to pay back their own debt. He felt his wrath stir, but steadied himself so he could savor the memories of his last feeding.

He rated her pussy a 5 out of 10: tight, somewhat wet, but on the whole average. But her screams were easily an 8 or 9. She howled with each thrust, and when he could no longer contain himself, she screamed so loud and long that even Cynegyth had to cover her ears. He never warned the sacrifices that his cum was boiling hot: that would ruin the fun.

Her taste was a 6 or 7. She had been fed good grains and fresh vegetables, but she was too skinny for his enjoyment. But he swallowed her early, which had been a mistake. 

Erynsuge rubbed his stomach. "Rest in peace," he said, and he wondered if she would give him indigestion later. "Dont you dare do it," he said to his stomach, "or you'll get knocked down to a 3 or 4."

Cynegyth left her corner with a mop to sop up the remaining cum. He kept her in the nude so he could watch her breasts, which were full and perfectly proportioned. Every day he was tempted to wait until her back was turned and lick her pussy, to taste the only flesh and juices forbidden to him. But Erynsuge kept his honor, even though his penis would flop out when he gave her her orders for the day. She'd roll her eyes and he'd continue speaking, but both knew how desperately he wanted to fuck her to pieces.

The hardest moments (literally and figuratively) were when she bathed him. Early into her captivity, Cynegyth complained about his harsh reptilian stench, so she used a bucket of water and a golden brush from the horde to scrub him down. He could handle her scrubbing his limbs, his back (although when she cleaned around his spikes, he felt tingly) and even his face, but when she scrubbed his belly he would lose it.

With the brush rubbing against his scales and her swinging boobs in his face, his cloaca parted its lips and his cock sprang to life. "Don't do this to me," he thought, "please don't you do it this time," but his cock always stiffened and curved upwards, its triangular head engorging. 

Cynegyth knew exactly what she was doing. She breathed on his face, and swung her chest side to side as she scrubbed. A teardrop of precum rolled down his cock, and Erynsuge could no longer contain himself: he envisioned Cynegyth crawling down his belly and huddling around the bright red organ. She took it gently in her fingers, and licked the tiny lips at the tip. She smiled, opened her mouth in an O, and then slid her lips down the top of his shaft, leaving a trail of saliva as she returned to the tip, and then down again.

His cock oozed a line of precum, and he moaned.

"Is something wrong?" said Cynegyth. She stopped scrubbing and turned around to his open spread open legs, just in time to see another tiny squirt.

"Please break our deal," groaned Erynsuge. "Please fuck me. You're the only one I want... the only one I can't have... please."

Cynegyth raised her eyebrow. "That thing? Are you kidding?"

"I'm not kidding at all. I'm asking you..."

"A deal is a deal, Eryn. I won't let you have me."

He moaned and scratched his belly. "Just this once. Just a blowjob. It's not a sin. It's how the girls in the village keep their virginity..."

Cynegyth crawled off of him and put her hands on her hips. "Is this all you think about? I'm giving you a bath, which ordinary people do everyday, and all you can think about is blowjobs? Lord, men are disgusting. Dragons even more so."

And as if to prove her correct, Erynsuge grabbed his cock and began beating himself off.

"I love you," he said.

"My eyes are up here," said Cynegyth covering her groin and chest.

"I love you too."

His cock had turned an even deeper shape of red, and its head continued to swell outward. Cynegyth knew what was about to happen, and she hurried away as far as her chain would let her.

"Oh this is disgusting," she said, covering her eyes. "And watch your aim! Your seed always lands on me!"

Erynsuge was surging past the point of no return. He threw his neck back and opened his mouth, puffing smoke and allowing his tongue to hang freely. His first pulses shot out, and then he came, pointing his cock so the line of cum landed on Cynegyth's back. She shrieked.

He guided the last squirts out and fell back, exhaling a pillar of fire that lit up the cavern.

"That was beautiful," he whispered.

Cynegyth swatted the steaming cum off of her, which left red welts in its wake. "You perverted animal," she said, "why are you so obsessed with sex?"

"Because," said Erynsuge. He looked at the drops of cum on the floor and his limp cock retreating back inside of him. "It's the best thing there is." 

This drama repeated itself every week or two, and after a few years of holding her captive in his cavern, Erynsuge doubted his ability to share living quarters with a human who turned him on. How long could his honor hold out? One day his lust would get the best of him, and he would fuck her, perhaps to her death. That had happened a few times in the early days of the sacrifices: his large tool forcing its way into the openings of young virgins had ripped them open, and they bled to death before Erynsuge finished the job. Of course, he planned to eat them anyway, but fucking them as their organs sloshed around was messy, and Erynsuge was too proud to devour messes.

Sometimes he wondered how much the sacrifices enjoyed it. On occasion, he'd hear a gasp or a moan that may have been tinged with pleasure, but Erynsuge never thought to ask how his captives were getting along. They were sacrifices after all, and as long as his dick felt better than when he started, Erynsuge considered it a success.

Cynegyth mopped the floor and sighed. "What was she?"

"7.5." He burped.

Cynegyth held her nose and waved her hand in front of her face. "Please. Spare me. I put up with enough as it is."

"It's not my fault," said Erynsuge. "It's indigestion. She wasn't worth a munch, so I swallowed her whole."

"And alive." Cynegyth held the bucket under the spring in the cavern wall until it was full, and then splashed it over the floor. "I saw what you did. It was absolutely barbaric."

"To a human. To a dragon it's completely normal."

"Really?" Cynegyth put her hands on her hips. "Is it normal for dragons to mate outside of their species? If it is, I don't see how you can hatch any baby dragons."

"Female dragons," said Erynsuge, "are few and far between. The nearest female is over 900 miles away in Khazaria, and she's mated to a old veteran of the Roman wars who thinks he's still fighting the Gauls. Of course, he won't let any bull dragon touch her, even just for a night. He's a jealous bastard."

Cynegyth frowned.

"What other options do I have?" This conversation had disturbed Erynsuge's bliss. He climbed onto his feet and spread his broad wings, creating a breeze in the cavern. "God made me a dragon, and when he did, he gave me hunger and he gave me lust. You and the priests may say it's immoral to ravage and devour, but it's in my blood. I can't do anything about it."

"I don't think so." Cynegyth crossed her arms. "You pretend to be innocent and helpless, but I know you're not dumb. Tell me: how do you think 7.5 felt about being fucked and eaten, huh?"

Erynsuge scratched under his chin with his nail-like talons.

"Well, she probably didn't choose to be sacrificed. And even if she did, it didn't turn out too well in the end. You're right... it is a shame. It wasn't a good day for her."

Cynegyth stomped her foot. Her face turned red: "A bad day? She had a bad day? Eryn, you killed her! She's dead! She's no longer alive!"

"I hope so." He poked his stomach. "I don't want her reviving in my guts."

"You ended her life! She had a mother, a father, a boy she was in love with, hopes for the future... Perhaps her father saved a generous dowry for her. Perhaps a cottage on an fertile fief, where she could raise a family with her husband to be..."

Cynegyth stopped talking. Tears filled her eyes, and she wiped them away, turning her back to Erynsuge.

"Cyn? Why are you crying? Is it that time in the month again?"

She ran to the dragon's chest and battered him with her fists. "Ooh! How I hate you! Ooh, I despise you! You're a monster! You're an absolute monster! I wish... I wish you were dead!"

Erynsuge stepped back out of the range of her chain. "Really? I've spared your life for years. I give you a portion of my game whenever I hunt. I've treated you as good as any human man in the village!"

Cynegyth shook her head. "No," she said quietly. "You're not like the human men. You don't know how to love."

Erynsuge reared back and spread his wings. He tolerated Cynegyth's disrespect when she was funny, but there was no humor in this situation. She was challenging a dragon's word. 

"Liar!" he bellowed, breathing out a fireball. "I love you dearly, and that's final!"

Cynegyth covered her face to protect from the heat. "How," she whimpered under her arms.

"I love your tempting breasts! I love when you bend over and tease me with your ass and pussy! I love you in my dreams, the way you alone can make me come! You're the only one, Cynegyth, the only one!"

His erection grew, with a few dribbles sprinkling out. It took all his draconic willpower to prevent him from overtaking her in that instant.

Cynegyth's face was drained of color, aware of her fate. "That isn't love, Eryn. You don't know how to love."

She had gone too far.

The dragon roared like massive ox, fire spewing from his mouth like an overfueled furnace. The flames and the roar drowned Cynegyth's screams, and when Erynsuge caught his breath, she was a cinder. Her skeleton stood upright, shielding its skull from the fire with an open mouth. 

"Now," said Erynsuge, "that should teach you to challenge a dragon's honor. Do you understand?"

The skeleton said nothing, and he glared at it. "Now you have nothing to say?"

He sniffed at the bony arms, but the skeleton didn't recoil.

"I see. That must have killed you."

Erynsuge sneered at Cynegyth's remains, showing his jagged teeth, and he kicked them across the cavern into the midden pile where they turned to dust.

"I was tired of you anyway," he grumbled. "Yes, that's right. You're no use to me. Bloody nuisance, really."

The hour had grown late, and Erynsuge curled up on the layer of straw he used as bedding. But tonight, for the first time in all his years, the dragon couldn't drift off to a guiltless sleep: the face of Cynegyth remained with him, telling him he didn't know how to love.

That isn't true, he thought, a human woman is foolish to believe that. He had many loves. He was a creature of passion: passionate about the human body, for human knowledge, for human treasures. He hoarded all he could, because he loved it so.

But... he missed Cynegyth.

She hadn't really gone anywhere, he knew. He'd just turned her into some ashes in the midden pile. And honestly, he was relieved that she was gone. He wouldn't be tortured by her body or be annoyed by her whines and complaints. I should have gotten rid of her that way years ago, he thought.

But he missed her.

He stirred and flipped over, covering his face with the other wing. It was a strange sensation, for Erynsuge had never missed anyone or anything before. His parents kicked him out of the nest when he was old enough to hunt and fly, but he didn't miss them. They had their time, and now they were gone. The same went for all his old caves, they ones he used to amass his horde before finding the great cavern. He spent many happy hours in them, but he didn't miss them. Once they were gone, that was that.

So why did Cynegyth's face haunt him? Why did he want to see her again?

He lit a lantern and browsed his library, hoping for an answer in the great religious volumes. The monks were silent on the subject of longing for someone else. Erynsuge then turned to scientific works of the Ancient Greeks. They too had nothing to add.

It is a mystery, he thought, one that must puzzle the sages. If I ever meet a sage, I should have him discuss it with me before I eat him.

With a yawn, Erynsuge laid down again to sleep, but his body was tense and uneasy. His heart ached, which he attributed to 7.5 causing chaos in his innards. 

Well, he thought, when there's no one else to turn to, I have to turn to myself. He flipped over onto his back and spread his massive legs. Erynsuge rubbed the lips of his cloaca with his bony fingers like he'd done since he first discovered the parts between his legs. Self-abuse would ease him to sleep.

After a few minutes of coaxing, his cock slithered out. Hello old friend, he thought, it's reassuring that you're still with me. He caressed its head with his fingertips, and dipped a long finger into his hole. His muscles tightened around his finger, and he began to stroke.

In his mind's eye, he saw a Roman villa— not the ruins in the woods that housed beggars and thieves, but a marble palace at the height of its opulence. A long table prepared for a banquet was set before him, and Erynsuge dug in, licking the cuts of lamb off a silver platter. He heard footsteps behind him, and there was Cynegyth: very much alive, draped in a white stola so shear, Erynsuge could see her hard nipples pressing against the cloth.

"Cyn!" Erynsuge spun his upper body towards her and licked her mouth, doing his best to imitate what the humans called "kissing". He knew he was supposed to press their lips together, but with Cynegyth he didn't feel up to it. She held onto the sides of his head and lowered it down, a faint smile on her lips.

"You haven't gone away." He breathed in the perfumed scent of her chest. "You're still alive!"

"No," she said, "I'm still dead. You weren't able to control yourself."

"But I never ate you. I never even touched your body."

"True. You technically never broke our agreement." She smiled mischievously. "And since you never did, I'm going to give you a gift."

She walked her hands down the dragon's belly, and he perched on his hind legs.

"You mean... " 

Cynegyth grabbed his cock, and ran her tongue from its base all the way up to the tip. She circled its head with her tongue and kissed it, swallowing the precum that was beginning to flow.

"Oh baby..."

She swirled her tongue around his head and massaged it underneath, and then she cupped her lips around it and thrust her mouth back and forth.

"Ooh... oh my god..." Erynsuge had always wanted a blowjob, but terrified virgins never gave him the opportunity. The ancient texts on sex he read ridiculed the practice, calling it the domain of gay men and whores, but Erynsuge was enthralled. The entire length of his shaft was lit up with pleasure, and its tip was on fire. Erynsuge put his hands on top of Cynegyth's head, guiding her tongue to the most sensitive spot. When she hit it, his eyes crossed. 

"Doeth that feel good?" she murmured with a cock in her mouth. Erynsuge was too filled with pleasure to speak. His jaw dropped open.

She blew him for what felt like hours, but was likely only seconds. "Cyn," he said when he felt the tide rising, "I'm going to cum."

Closer now to the peak, he grabbed her skull tightly and thrust his hips to fuck her mouth. Cynegyth's eyes bugged out and she tried to shout.

"Don't talk now," Erynsuge grunted. 

He fucked harder and faster, sending Cynegyth off her feet. She flailed like a rag doll, her breasts bouncing underneath the stola. Erynsuge couldn't take any more. He went in deep, driving his cock to the back of her throat. She gagged, and he lost his load.

His spurts dribbled out of the edge of her mouth. He exhaled deeply and pulled out, sending her falling to the floor. The wave of orgasm rushed to fill his body, and he released a massive fireball that burned the dinner and set the curtains at the balcony on fire.

But then he saw that Cynegyth was laughing.

"You're... not burnt?"

Erynsuge felt like taking a nap on the villa floor and watching the curtains burn, but something drew him back to his cavern. Cynegyth stood with her arms crossed, wearing black robes: the robes of a witch.

"Of course I'm not burnt!" she cried. "I'm dead!"

Erynsuge saw his shriveling cock in his own hand, and he realized that Cynegyth had broken out of his fantasy.

"You are dead!" he said, scrambling onto his feet. "What are you doing back here?"

"You fool." She let out her hand, and a golden goblet filled with wine came flying into it. She drank. "You should have known that a woman who'd stand up to your wretchedness was no ordinary woman. No mortal woman, to be precise."

"So who do you claim to be?" Erynsuge crouched law and bared his teeth, smoke rising from his nostrils.

"Oh, you can't scare me with your dragon displays. I'm long over that." She downed the contents of the cup, and then it disappeared. "I come from an ancient line of sorceresses. My mother exchanged my mortal powers for the Thegn's blessing when I was young, but my death has happily returned them to me."

"You know what I hate?" He crept toward her in a crouch, stopping inches away from her face. "I hate immortals. They remind me how I have to die, and that's not polite of them."

"Is that so?" She ran her finger along his tooth, and it didn't cut her. "Then you'll really hate how I tricked you into giving me your seed."

"Trick!" Erynsuge bit at her head, but he only passed through air. "I gave you my seed willingly. How dare you claim..."

"It's even worse than you think." She pointed to his cloaca. 

"Remember how I claimed that you were incapable of love? Maybe it's true, maybe it isn't. But just to test, I prepared a spell for your seed when I swallowed. If you can love, you'll carry on ravaging all the virgins you want to. But if you can't..."

She grinned wildly. Erynsuge lowered his rump and blocked her view of his privates.

"...your tool will never erect itself again."

"This is a lie," shot Erynsuge. "You're young and untrained. Your magic can't be that strong."

"Really now? Go ahead. Try it out."

She closed her eyes and vanished.

I'll show her, thought Erynsuge, rubbing his slit furiously. She only thinks she understands magic. Well, dragons aren't easily enchanted. 

His cock didn't appear.

It's worn out from that blowjob, he thought. My God, that was amazing... but it's worn out. It needs more help than usual.

He slowed down his rubbing, but his cock was still trapped inside.

Think back, he thought, who was that girl who was a 10/10. She was incredible! She fit me like a glove, and I rode her like a horse. Her skin was so pale and so soft...
