 This is my entry to the 2011 Valentine's Day contest, as well as my first story submitted to literotica. It wouldn't look nearly as pretty without the help of a volunteer editor, PacoFear. Thanks, man!

--------------------------------------------

The crunch of snow beneath Gwen's boots sounded determined as she tromped through the trees, only a small part of her consciousness aware of the surroundings. She always went to the park when things went wrong. And things had gone very wrong this morning. 

Three years together and he had ended it on Valentine's Day. Today, of all days, he couldn't lie to her, he'd said. He just didn't love her anymore. Worse, he admitted he had already found someone else, and he was going to her today. At least he washed the breakfast dishes before he left.

A chill wind flung Gwen's long, jet-black hair into her face and stung her eyes, forcing her to stop until she could see again. She missed the spring. Flowers. Warm sun. She'd never cared for winter. 

As Gwen blinked her vision back into focus, she realized that she didn't know where she was anymore. Her forehead furrowed above her cloudy gray eyes. The trees here seemed bigger, older than she remembered seeing in the park before. The little birds chirping down at her from the bare branches didn't look familiar either.

The distinctive rusty gate sound of a squirrel's alarm call caused Gwen to look up. A red squirrel? Here? As soon as the little animal had her attention, it fell silent and skittered down the trunk of its old oak perch. 

Gwen smiled as the industrious little creature began porpoising away from her through the snow, leaving a funny, hyphenated trail behind. After a few yards it stopped and turned, chattering over its shoulder at her. The message was clear. She was to follow.

Curious, Gwen eased forward a step. Then another. The squirrel seemed to nod its head in satisfaction, and resumed its hurried quest. Gwen quickened her pace to keep up, adding her larger footsteps to its tiny tracks in the snow. 

As the squirrel led her through the thickening forest, a sense of trepidation crept in around the edges of Gwen's curiosity. Just as she made up her mind to turn back around, her small guide slipped under a patch of briars and out of sight. 

Gwen sighed and shook her head, realizing that she had been silly to think that a squirrel could want her to follow it. Obviously he was just running back to his home, no doubt terrified that she'd been chasing him.

A little orange nose peeked out from under the brambles, followed by a pair of bright eyes. The chattering resumed, sounding for all the world to Gwen like a high pitched Lassie. 

"What is it, boy? Is Timmy trapped in the well again?" she muttered to herself as she stepped towards the prickly bushes. Did she just imagine an exasperated narrowing of those eyes before the little nose disappeared back into the briars?

Gwen was glad she had grabbed her gloves before leaving the apartment. The thorns on the bushes looked like they meant business. To her surprise, the tangled branches parted with little effort when she brushed a hand over them. 

Stepping through the yielding barrier, Gwen's eyes widened in surprise at what was revealed. Everywhere, roses. A wild riot of colors danced. A hundred shades of pink gave way to yellows, creams, and scarlets. Climbing roses decorated the occasional tree trunk, dripping out onto low hanging branches. Small shrubs flanked sun-warmed rocks emerging from the earth like natural benches. Other bushes towered over Gwen's head.

Scented, warm air met her face, drawing a flush to her freckled cheeks. A gentle hum of bees and happy bird song greeted her ears. Gwen shed her gloves and unzipped her coat as the snow melted from her hair. Soft, green moss muffled her footsteps as she entered what could only be a garden.

A patient little cough drew Gwen's attention to the base of one of the larger bushes. Her small guide met her eyes, then disappeared behind it. Bewildered, Gwen started to follow him to the far side. Her steps stilled when she heard another set coming around to meet her.

A pair of tanned feet emerged from the bottom edges of a set of hand-stitched suede trousers. Covering long, lean legs, the trousers were tied closed below a trim abdomen decorated with a faint trail of red gold fluff. As Gwen's eyes continued up the approaching figure, they skipped, embarrassed, over the pleasantly smooth chest and paused at the tattoos peeking around from the back of his neck. Small, red blossoms accentuated the thorned vines that caressed the indentations above each collar bone.

"Gwyneth." 

Surprised at hearing her full first name spoken in a deep, resonate voice, her eyes met his. The green she found there brought to mind the time she held a rose leaf up to the sun, the bright rays illuminating it like the glass in a church window.

"H-how did you know my name? What's going on? W-where am I?" Gwen's nervousness rose, causing her to stutter and step back.

"Peace, Gwyneth. You are in no danger here. You are a welcome guest in my garden. I thought it appropriate, considering the day." His arms spread to indicate their surroundings as he walked towards her. "As for how I know your name, that is simple. You and I have been marked for each other since your birth. I have known your name since before you drew your first breath."

Gwen's fear spiked. Stories from the nightly news flashed through her head. She tasted salt from the sweat that had suddenly dotted her upper lip. A stalker, he must be a stalker. He probably got her name from some junk mail she forgot to shred before throwing it away. That's how they did it, right? 

She raised her hands and shook her head. "Oh no, please no. Don't do this, please. I don't know who you think I am, but I just want to go home. I won't tell anyone about your garden here. Please." Her voice choked off into a rough whisper.

Through her fear, she watched his green eyes fall. The tattooed man sighed and lowered his arms, still approaching. 

Gwen's knees felt weak and though a large part of her screamed that she should be running, her legs wouldn't obey. She remained, frozen, while he finally stood directly before her. 

He smiled again but when he spoke his voice was now heavy with disappointment, "I had hoped you would remember me this time, but I see that it is not so. Gwyneth, sweet one, simply look within yourself and you will see that you are safe with me. I could never raise a hand to you. I would lay my humble life at your feet if you asked it of me. You are my joy, and precious to me beyond measure."

His hand lifted, and Gwen squeezed her eyes tight against what she could not tell was coming. They snapped back open at the brush of his fingertips against her left cheek. He continued across her temple, sweeping a lock of hair behind her ear. His touch opened a door within Gwen and fear drained out of her in a rush, replaced by a warm glow of recognition.

"Draenan." His name rolled from her lips though she was amazed to hear it.. "I know you. How do I know you?" She drank in the features of his face, the straight slope of his nose, the cleft that dimpled the tip of his almost too delicate chin. She raised a hand to mimic his, brushed her fingertips along his hair, secured it behind an ear. She smiled, unsurprised, when she found it delicately pointed.

Draenan's face lit with elation. His arms encircled her waist, lifting and spinning her in a circle. Gwen laughed as she spun, and braced her forearms against his chest. As she felt her feet return to the soft ground, she admired again the inked roses just beyond her fingertips. Weren't they on his shoulders a moment ago?

The errant thought flitted away when his hands cupped her face. His kiss was sweet and earthy, like the marzipan she had tasted once at a Renaissance festival. Draenen's hands drifted down her bare neck and over her shoulders as he slipped her coat, unneeded, to the ground. She swayed forward, dizzy, longing, when his lips left hers. Goosebumps chased his touch along her arms, still covered by her teal sweater. The warmth of his hands encased hers and he took a step back, drawing Gwen towards the roses behind him.

An arch opened up in the tall flowers as they approached the plants. Below, the mossy ground was decorated with petals of blush, cream, ruby, and delicate lilac. Draenan entered the bower and knelt before Gwen, and his eyes begged her to join him. She knelt, suddenly unsure of what to do next.

The uncertainty must have shown on her face because Draenan lifted her fingers to his lips, the kiss a whisper on her skin. "Be at ease, my joy. I am here with no other intention than to bring you pleasure."

Gwen's breath caught in her throat when his touch moved to her waist, lifting her shirt above her head. The puddle it made on the ground was soon forgotten beside them as he slid his hands up her back, releasing the latch between her shoulder blades. In one motion, Draenan caught the straps of her bra and slid them down and off her arms. Never losing contact with her skin, his palms worked their way back up to her exposed breasts.

She lifted her left hand to his right, encouraging the caresses. Her grasp tightened suddenly as she noticed his arms. Roses trailed down what had been bare skin moments before, decorating his corded biceps. "Your tattoos..." She couldn't finish her sentence.

Draenan's grin was feline. "Yes, they want to please you, too. But they must wait their turn." 

Before she could ask him what he meant, he leaned forward, guiding her to the ground. The cool moss received her body and the scent of crushed rose petals wafted up to surround them.

A languid pleasure issued from Gwen's hardening nipples as Draenan's mouth replaced his hands. His teeth caught one tight point standing proud off her left breast. His tongue teased its tip. His hair slid from his back, tickling her ribs. Gwen's giggle turned to a hum of desire and she buried her fingers in the scarlet fall. She felt his smile against tender skin as he shifted his attention to her other breast.

Unhurried, he lavished attention on this pink point too. He nipped the fair flesh surrounding it and left a cool trail of kisses circling the areola. Delicate sucking sounds marked each time he placed his lips to her skin. 

A groan escaped Gwen's throat and she arched her back, her body asking for him to take her into the warm wetness of his mouth. When Draenan finally granted her wish, a tortuous mix of pleasure and pain raced from the sensitive center. Her grip on his hair tightened and her lips formed a silent "oh" as her body trembled.

She hooked her booted foot around his torso, pulling his weight down onto her. Gwen felt her own wetness deepen inside her cotton panties. Her hips lifted up to his chest, wanting something, anything, to ease the growing ache between her legs. Draenan's chuckle thrummed as he lifted his lips from her glistening nipple. "Patience, Gwyneth. I'll attend you there soon enough."

His head dipped back down and he raked his teeth across the tender ribs below her breasts. Her side twitched and a quick giggle escaped her lips as she looked down at him. "That tickles." 

One eyebrow lifted in response and his eyes sparkled with mischief. He inhaled an exaggerated breath, then buried his face in her exposed abdomen. The raspberry drowned out Gwen's surprised laughter. She pushed his head up and was rewarded with his satisfied smile. 

Dreanan scooted up to plant a little kiss on the tip of Gwen's nose. "Is that more to your liking?" he asked.

Gwen playfully stuck out her tongue. Her hand whipped out and her fingertips found a sensitive spot on his ribs. Dreanan laughed and squirmed to move his torso away from the wiggling fingers. He captured Gwen's wrist, then the other. Amid mock protests, he secured them above her head.

His eyes twinkled as her asked Gwen, "Now, if I let you go, will you behave?"

Gwen nodded, her eyes wide with feigned innocence. "I promise."

Draenan released her wrists, and before Gwen could launch another attack, he lowered his mouth to hers in earnest. The heat of his chest warmed her skin. She wrapped her other foot around him and her hips hunched upwards on their own. The feel of his hard member through the layers of suede and denim elicited a moan from the back of Gwen's throat. Musk and sweat and rose scent filled her nose, driving out everything except the need to have him inside of her. Now.

She snaked a hand down between their bodies, fumbling at the ties binding his trousers. They unwound in her fingers, freeing the tip of his erection. 

Tszipf! 

Gwen yanked her hand back, and the kiss was broken. She angled her head and looked into Draenan's heavily lidded eyes for an answer to a question she couldn't believe she was about to ask. "Did your, um... thingie just shock me?"

His breath blew quickly out of his body. "Ah, Gwyneth, your kisses and your body make me forget myself. I rush forward with my desire for you and forget that our first time together should be unhurried, that I should proceed with more restraint." He pushed himself up to a kneeling position and slid her legs so that they rest on either side of him. Gwen caught a glimpse of the red bloom of one of his tattoos peeking out before he relaced his breeches. The roses on his torso had shifted again, creeping up his neck, converging in the hollows of his cheeks, mere inches from his lips. 

Gwen propped herself up onto her left elbow and she reached forward to caress the tattoos that seemed to have a need to be wherever his flesh touched hers. Draenan's hand caught her wrist before she could reach him. 

His feline half smile replaced a quick flash of panic on his face. He lowered her hand, guiding her to lie back on the moss and petals below. He released her trapped wrist, and left a trail of aroused skin as they skimmed up her arm, across her shoulder, down between her breasts, and on to the soft flesh of her abdomen.

Draenan wiggled his fingers a bit as he passed her belly button, and chuckled at the slight twitch of the muscles under them. He continued down further. Gwen jumped at the pop of her jean's button being released. The slow, steady zzzzzip that came next only made her more impatient. Eager, she lifted her hips and slipped her thumbs under the waist band of jeans and panties both, half expecting Draenan to stop her.

In a way, she was right. His hands brushed hers away, tugging her pants and underwear down to her ankles. The feel of air on Gwen's thighs made her feel vulnerable and exposed. She wished he would join her in her near nudity, or at least come back up to cover his body with hers. Instead, Draenan held one foot and untied the boot. He slid the boot off, followed by her white sock. Gwen's freed toes wiggled reflexively, and he planted a little kiss on the ball below them.

The second foot received the same tender treatment, before the last vestiges of her clothing fell to the ground with a soft thud. Gwen laid completely naked before Draenan. 

Emotions swirled within her, arousal, excitement, anticipation, and a stunned disbelief. She just couldn't believe that she was sprawled, stark naked, under a canopy of roses with a man, or whatever he was, that she had met only minutes ago.

"Beautiful." Draenan's voice was husky with emotion as his eyes drifted up her body. His emerald gaze caressed her delicate skin, faded to porcelain by a constant covering of winter clothes. His palms followed his gaze, starting with her ankles and sliding slowly up her legs. Gentle pressure opened her thighs to his exploring fingers. A gasp escaped Gwen's lips as he swept the back of his knuckles across her still closed labia. She watched his face through a haze of arousal, as he bit his full lower lip and looked up at her with conflict in his eyes.

"I...I don't want to hurt you, my Gwyneth. I know my presence can be overpowering to the senses for one such as yourself, and I only want to give to you as much of myself as you truly desire." The tip of his tongue flashed out briefly as he nervously licked his lips and swallowed. "My fear is that my own desire will take hold of me and I won't be able to restrain myself. Please tell me now if this isn't what you want."

Gwen's reply was immediate and resolute. She reached down to his hand hovering over her. Her grip tightened at his flinch, then guided the hand down to her mound. Her eyes never left his as she pressed the heel of his hand against the warm, waiting flesh. "I don't understand it all, but I've wanted you since the moment you touched me. Don't stop."

The glow of joy on Draenan's face lit their little enclosure as he lifted Gwen's hand from his encircled wrist. He kissed the fingers before tenderly placing the hand back to the mossy ground. His gaze returned to Gwen's face as he rotated his own hand. He slipped a long, middle digit between her outer lips, then inside. Gwen's sigh turned to a hum as his thumb began to work the little erect nub directly above it.

Gwen's hips rose up, asking for more, begging for him to dive deeper. He obliged, rocking his wrist so that his finger slid further into her soft, silken canal. Ripples of pleasure lapped up Gwen's belly. A flush of desire and arousal traveled up her torso and chest, bringing a rosy glow to her ivory skin. Her eyes closed as Draenan's finger was joined by its neighbor. They slid together in and out, matching the back and forth rhythm of his thumb on her clit.

Gwen felt herself getting wetter as the tempo started to build. She bent a leg to place a foot flat on the moss and pushed against the ground beneath her, rocking her hips to the rhythm. Heat radiated up her body and she ran her hands across her belly, ending the gesture in a caress of her sensitive breasts. Draenan watched as her head turned to the side and as she caught her bottom lip between her teeth.

"Mmmmm." Murmurs of pleasure rumbled out of Gwen's chest as she lost herself. Everything around her—the warm air, the sunlight on her closed eyelids, the aroma of her own arousal—mixed with the heady scent of crushed rose petals. It all faded away as her being focused on the feel of Draenan's fingers pistoning in and out of her. The closest thing to a thought that drifted through her mind was surprise at her own response to Dreanan's touch. Never had she ever risen to this level this quickly.

She felt the orgasm start to curl around her lower belly just as she heard Draenan's strained voice whisper, "I'm sorry, I can't hold them back anymore." Before she could make sense of what that meant, she felt a sting of electricity where Draenan's skin touched her own. Her eyes flew open in surprise and looked down to see what he could possibly doing to her. She couldn't believe what she saw.

Dreanan's hand hadn't stopped its motion. Trailing down his arm were his green and red tattoos. As Gwen watched, they flowed across his wrist and off of his hand onto her! Wherever the creeping vines appeared under her skin, she felt a stimulating buzz. 

Draenen watched her carefully, gauging her reaction to this new development. Her expression gradually changed from disbelief to amazement as the roses centered on the erect clit under Dreanan's thumb.

Gwen's hands clenched and her head lowered back to the ground as the orgasm that had been building in her belly returned. The strangely pleasurable sting emanating from her new tattoos overwhelmed all her other senses. The sizzle intensified, pulsing to the movement of Dreanan's fingers moving within her. Through the haze of sensation, his voice barely registered.

"Blodeua ata , 'm fenwyd. Arddangos 'ch addfwynbryd ata." The intense emotion in those huskily whispered words sent Gwen over the edge. Her entire body exploded with the force of the climax. Waves of pleasure washed over her, and she felt her back leave the ground as her body arched. Lights popped behind her eyelids, and she called out incoherently before the waves started to recede.
