 Author's note: All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.

***

I unrolled my sleeping bag in the hot tent and quickly got out of the cramped and humid space, breathing great droughts of fresh air. 

It had been a long day hiking into this remote campsite, and my feet, back, and shoulders were sore and tight. 

"Ugh," I groaned," I can't wait to lay down on that mattress pad and pass out! But first, a bit of liquid refreshment." 

With satisfaction I withdrew the metal flask of scotch I had tucked away in my stuffed backpack and unscrewed the lid. The first swig was so warm and good in my belly I had to have another one, which led to a third. 

The nature all around me took on a soft glow as my buzz settled in. 

"Now that's more like it." I chuckled to myself and walked over to a big tree to pee. I unzipped my trousers and fished out my cock, letting loose a hot stream of piss onto the roots of the ancient tree. 

"Aaaaahhhh, nature is so freeing!" My voice boomed out in the silent late afternoon air of the National Forest where I was trekking. I finished up and shook the last drops of piss off my pecker when something caught my eye in the bushes and I stopped moving, dick in hand and mouth agape.

Behind the leafy bush crouched a young woman, perhaps twenty years of age, and she appeared to be fully naked! My first shock was replaced with wild curiosity and I looked closer at her almost hidden figure. It seemed her curvaceous body was covered in tattoos that swirled down and around her arms and up her ample thighs. 

My cock twitched in my hand, thick in the cool night air. 

What is going on here, I wondered? I wasn't afraid, as she was just a young woman naked in the bushes. And then I saw them. 

Her ears were pointed! 

Jesus Christ, what was in that scotch?

I saw her grimace for a moment, red pouty lips glistening in disapproval, and then she stood. Her full breasts bounced for a moment as she stood there and my eyes were drawn to the juncture between her thighs, which were meaty and thick, and saw she was unburdened with hair there, or anywhere on her legs. He skin was smooth and tattooed, and her hourglass figure shocked me with its impertinence, naked and flagrant in the woods of my fair state.

A melodic language flew from her lips and I couldn't help but notice her forked tongue as her amber eyes gazed directly into mine. 

Was she a fairy? Were fairies real after all?! I was confused, but still warm from the alcohol, and my cock grew stiff as a rock in my hand and I groaned. 

She noticed my arousal with a sly smile, a small wrinkle between her eyes signaling her amusement. She stuck out her forked tongue at me and my eyes grew wide. 

I had never felt my balls so heavy with seed before, like paint in water balloons pulling me down with their incessant need to be released. My cock seemed to grew larger in length and girth then I had ever felt it before and I felt my feet walk toward her, one step at a time, with clumsy metronomic precision. 

"Who the hell are you? What are you doing out here? Where are your clothes?" My voice was like a cougar screeching in the midst of a prayer service at church, and she frowned, this time really angry. She stepped forth, her massive thighs shifting alluringly in my vision, looming into my sight as she met me half way and put a beautifully shaped hand on my muscled chest. 

More melodic words came tumbling out of her lascivious mouth and I couldn't help my mind conjuring up the image of my rock hard erection slowly making its way past those soft lips back into her throat, plunging into that foreign beautiful sounding orifice with abandon. 

She raised her eyebrows when she saw the dumb look of horniness and incomprehension in my lust-dulled face, and smirked again. I noticed the areolas of her full breasts were blue, and her nipples were as hard as two small batteries. My balls grew even more heavy with seed. 

Her hands moved down to my cock, one circling underneath to cup my swollen balls gently and the other softly wrapping itself around the intensely sensitive mushroom tipped head of my cock. 

"Oh, good God!" I cried out as my head whipped backward on my head, my body spasming and intent on releasing a copious flood of cum. But I did not and my body stayed trapped in limbo, right before the hydrant should have been released. I couldn't stand it and began to convulse softly. 

"Oh, oh, oh!" It felt like I was standing on the precipice of a waterfall, but within that loud roar no water fell, and the rocks were dry even though I saw them glisten. 

The fairy squeezed my ball sack gently and ran her fist up and down my obscenely engorged cockmeat, once, twice, one more time, and then looked up at me, her mouth a petite "Oh" of wonderment. 

I closed my eyes and became lost in the outrageous pleasure that was beginning to emanate from deep within my core, some depth of me I had never felt before, had never expressed. 

She let go of my balls and, with her other hand tightening on my throbbing cock, ran her smooth fingertips over my tensed thigh, still clothed in my polyester hiking pants, up to the button and released my pants from my waist, letting them fall down around my feet, still warm in my brand new hiking boots. Then, with a frown of annoyance, she let go of my hard-on and used both of her delicate fairy hands to pull my wicking black cotton boxer briefs down over my thighs, pushing my dick down painfully and finally letting it fly free in the cool night air. It bobbed upward violently, it's purple swollen head smacking me in the bellybutton as I swooned from all the sensations flooding over me. 

The sound of flutes and wind in the leaves came out of her incredibly sensuous mouth and in one moment she had my whole length wrapped up by her lips, her forked tongue wrapping all around my veiny shaft. 

I had thought that I was in bliss before but any semblance of sanity left my mind and now I was all sensation. I gave up, gave over to her ministrations as she carried me away on some violent current of desire and ecstasy, some dark fairy world of sex that dripped with magic and eternal life. 

I found my fingers gripping onto her skull through her tousled brown hair, her pointy ears brushing the backs of my manly hands, and thrust with all my might deep into the hot wetness of her fuckable fairy mouth. I let out a roar as she began to hum and sing around my throbbing cock, engorged beyond anything I had ever seen it to look like before, a living steel rod made of spunk meat lodged in her hungry mouth. 

And then I felt a fairy finger in between my sweating buttocks, probing towards my tight virgin butthole! 

Holy shit, I hadn't ever had anything up in there! I thought. 

And then her finger was plunging gently into my butthole, massaging my prostate, and my balls disappeared into the searing length of my cockmeat as it grew massive and full, and for a moment I dissolved into a white light as she finally released her hold on my orgasm and it overtook my entirely. My cock swelled and exploded into her mouth, wave after wave of my hot thick spunk splatting into the back of her throat. I saw my cum squeezing out the sides of her lips as I came, and she clamped them down harder on my wildly firehosing cock, as if to try and contain the raging flood of cum. Her finger withdrew from my tightly clenched butthole with a plop, and my cock surged, spilling copious ropes of semen into her mouth. I saw her throat bobbing as she swallowed it all down, time after time as I continued to fill her mouth with my white hot offering. 

Finally, my heart rate slowed and my cock spurted once, twice more and then subsided, plopping out of her mouth, where cum dribbled out the sides and down her petite chin, down past the hollow in her throat and onto the heaving globes of her breast, nipples pert and erect and bathing in my milky liquid. 

I breathed again for the first time in what seemed like ages and looked down at her cum speckled eyelashes. 

"What matter of creature are you?" I muttered, breathless.