 Author's note: All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.

*****

She turned, her tawny flanks rippling outward like some erotic seismic event. I watched, mesmerized, as her tattooed buttocks alternated for dominance, swaying from one side to another like a hypnotists watch made of asscheeks. 

She walked a a couple steps away from me and then fell to her knees. Her curled dark hair bounced, and she went down on to her hands and knees. The dual globes of ass flesh that rose above the valley of her lower back called to me, beckoning like all mountains do to men of courage and adventure. 

Her head swiveled and she looked back toward me with a smirk while she spread her knees on the grassy ground. I watched as her ass cheeks slowly parted, and finally her swollen labial lip peeked out from underneath their pendulous weight and shadow. She dripped like a leaky faucet, her own fluids flowing freely in between her plump pussy lips. 

To my utter astonishment, my spent flaccid member, which lay like a used up snake on my thigh with dribbles of cum all around it, began to rise as if called by a charmer. 

The fairy's voluptuous bubbles of ass and eager juicy pussy beckoned to me. Her eyes locked onto my lengthening cock, widening as it rose like a python from the dark woods, high into the air, impossibly huge and throbbing, and finally completely hard as a rock once again. My purple head throbbed in tempo with my heartbeat and my balls lay low and heavy, filled with my hot sperm and longing to be released into her fertile crescent. 

How is this possible, I wondered, I was completely spent only a minute ago and now I have a raging boner as if I was a young stud all over again!

I felt very enthusiastic about coupling with this magical creature who caused my cock to grow at whim and so I pulled feverishly at my boots, trying to free my feet. Once I accomplished this minor feat, I tore off my grungy socks and t-shirt and made my way over to where the fairy was writhing around on all fours, her plump ripe presented like some indecent billboard. 

Fuck me, her ass and cunt yelled at me in large block lettering.

I happily obliged as I stumbled to my knees behind her, my hands reaching around her hips and grabbing onto those exquisite fleshy handholds. Breathlessly I positioned my knobby cockhead into the sopping wet folds of her cunt and pushed into her with all my might, roaring like a jaguar in the Amazonian jungle. 

The hollows of my muscular thighs slapped heavily into the tattooed back of her ass and thighs as my pulsating member made its way deep into foreign territory, throbbing and pushing its way deep into her lubricated pussy walls. Her heat and tightness wrapped around my emboldened cock gave me a thrill to my heart and I whooped into the night air as I withdrew my slick rod and slammed right back into my fairy's twat. She pushed right back at me with all her might as I bottomed out insider her , my fat balls slapping wetly onto her clit. She quickly reached back and grabbed lightly onto the swollen popsicles and I stayed still, throbbing deep within her most forbidden recesses.

An orgasm was slowly making it's way outwards from the center of me, and I looked down onto the tattooed and muscular back of my fairy, my hands clenching wildly at her wanton thighs, her hair streaming all around her shoulders. She turned and met my eyes and bared her fangs at me, which I hadn't noticed in all my lustful stumbling and thrusting. Her forked tongue came whipping out from between her lips and she let go of my full sack and so I slickly slid all the way out of her hot hole, leaving just the distended tip throbbing inside of her before ramming like a madman back up into her juicy depths. 

She cried out and I heard a bit of the lilting musical language pierce the evening sky and looked up to see that night had fallen while my fairy was administering pleasure to my body, and while I was slamming my manmeat up into her fairy twat the moon had risen. It was a soft glowing orb in the sky now.

I concentrated once again on my pleasure, and found that the surge of orgasm had once again peaked. I knelt there, trembling, on my knees, planted deep inside this foreign creature that came walking out of a bush only what seemed moments before this very act of wild fucking that was taking place on the forest floor.

Sweat pooled in my lower back and ran in between my buttocks when I withdrew my aching member from the fairy's cunt, dripping down onto my taint and finally moistening my engorged ball sack, which swung in the cool night breeze as cum pressure built deep within them. 

"Oh fuck, fairy goddess, I'm going to cum into you! I'm going to give you a fairy baby with all this juice inside my balls!" I couldn't help yelling filthy words out over the clenching muscles of her shoulder, and she pushed her mighty ass back into me without a word as I pulled her closer to me with all the power that I had in me, her hip flesh pillowing between my working hand fingers. 

Oh, I felt it coming! Like a locomotive building up steam, clacking up the tracks!

Finally she let me go from her magic spell and my orgasm overwhelmed all of my senses as her huge ass slapped into my belly and I groaned and grunted as my balls contracted and my seed exploded from my meaty hose, spraying the inside of her pussy with spurting strands of hot milky cum, over and over and over. My hips spasmed into her fleshy ass pillows as her pussy milked me dry, coaxing and squeezing every last drop of cum from my being. My breath was heavy and sweat poured from my body, with all of my efforts to fuck this fairy.

Finally her pussy contractions could not extract a single extra drop of my love juice, and my soft cock plopped out from between her fat pussy lips. Cum dripped out of her pussy and down her thighs in rivulets like lewd rivers of my own primal needs. 

I flopped over to my side on the grass moistened by our lovemaking, gasping, and she rose to her haunches and turned to the side, her full breasts pointing to the moon. 

She pointed at me and grinned.