 Author's Notes: 

Hey there! If this is your first time checking out the series, you shouldn't have any problem figuring out where things stand with this chapter/volume, but if you like what you read, please consider taking a look at the first chapter (also on this site and my account). 

This chapter was brought to you by the very generous donations and patronage of fans of the series who help me buy food and warm socks so I can write smut for you! 

These wonderful people are the reason you're reading this, so please give them a thanks! 


Tristan 


Alonsis 

Asmund Bell 

Apothecary29 

David A. 

Orodreth 

Drawkward 



***** 

Volume 3 Chapter 3 

3 – Let the Hunt Begin

Briee was quiet; careful. She stayed at a distance, yo-yoing between a hundred paces and almost triple that. The pounding rain that tore through the dense canopy of trees did a lot to mask her scent, it even helped with some of the noise as she stumbled through the thick brambles and gnarled roots of a forest still trying to claim whatever tiny slivers of untouched earth remained.

She was sure that the humans, slowed now by rain and the slurry of mud that had filled in the feeble 'road' parting the woods, would see her. But despite being in field plate and carrying her shield and sword, neither the humans or the lycan pack seem to pick up on her scent or the noise she made trudging through the mess of vegetation.

The hunt was always to one's preferred skill set. Her father's children lived and, occasionally, died by those restrictions innate to any pact. They were expected to carry out their hunts in a prescribed manner, as though they were some kind of mindless automaton. It was ridiculous, even to Briee. The heavy blade at her belt and years of heavy weight training had ensured she was ready for just about anything, but forsaking tactics and adapting? Was that truly the way of the dragon?

Briee watched over the rim of her red bandanna as the armored soldiers pulled their horses along the trail, trying to avoid the worst of the holes in the slick, muddy road where a rock had been washed away. The grey Alpha was trailing behind them in wolf form, ears perked forward and attentive despite his hair being matted down by constant rain and mud. His pack was only a few steps behind. They both had their own set of tactics, she imagined. Adaptable. Flexible.

They also had obliviousness on their side. No one noticed the short girl in plate armor taking a breather in the shade of the tree. It was insulting in some way, she had come to the Beson forest to hunt down the legendary Corengi pack, to take a trophy that would prove to her father that she was worthy of his blessings, but here she was trailing a bunch of whelps and their human counterparts. Barely worth her attention if not for the horses.

She missed meat. Real meat. Meat from the kind of animal she could give a running start to and actually relish the hunt. A dragon had to be patient, though. The year hadn't been in vain, she promised herself. She'd come a long way since her first night. She'd show her father that she wasn't 'too human' to contain the soul of a dragon.

There was a dozen ways this could go, she mused. Something had spooked the Alpha bad enough to keep him at a distance, perhaps the only thing that made this group of soldiers interesting at all. Maybe it was one of the Corengi mixed among the soldiers. . .

Yes! Why hadn't she thought of that sooner? They were notorious for taking human form among their intended victims and wreaking havoc among therm until the intended meal was so confused and frightened that defending themselves from the onslaught to come would be impossible.

Briee closed her eyes for a moment and breathed in the wet earth smell of the forest. She opened her eyes slowly, leering at the precession for what felt like an eternity. She'd prove to her father she was worthy of a pact. She'd catch this lycan and sacrifice him-- in her father's name.

Yes. Yes, she would be accepted. She would show him her true strength and she'd be rewarded for it. Briee swept her gaze over the line of soldiers and lycans once more, settling on one of the men near the back of the line. She mentally marked the first of many targets before the week was out.

