 She pointed at me and grinned, twirling her knees around to face me, heavy thighs spread wide, her fat ass spread voluminously on the cool grass below her, pressing her weight down into the earth. My gaze was drawn to her wide open pussy, a slow river of thick creamy cum dripping down and out from the bottom portion of her nether lips, some milky love juice making its way into the mysterious crack of her chunky ass cheeks, but most dripping slowly into a glistening pool beneath her fairy hole. 

Once again the fairy music came out of her lips and my eyes shot up to her lips, trying to make sense out of that otherworldly noise. She frowned, her dark eyes filled with anger, and quickly got onto her hands and knees. Her movement caused her large breasts to wave in the air, sticky with my early ejaculate, caked all on and around her pert little nipples. They swayed like full udders in the wind and she narrowed her eyes at me, and then pounced.

Woh, I thought as I found myself on my back, her thighs straddling my waist, her wide ass cheeks trapping my spent cock down hard onto my slippery belly. I felt her hot pussy heat on my belly button spreading down her ass crack and into my thick love sausage. Unbelievably it stirred once again.

Fuck me, I thought, this is madness! There is no way that I have more cum in my balls, I am as spent as I was when I discovered masturbation! 

I don't think I stopped jacking off for days back then, and it seemed like everything in my room had been coated in the sticky stuff. I was somewhat sneaky about it all, but caught up in my lust and cock-addled brain I hadn't cleaned up after myself as well as I could have. I remember once when I came back into my room and my mom had sneakily gathered up all my sticky bedclothes and dirty laundry and and wiped down my dresser and bed's headboard. It had all been a mess and she must have gotten sick of the obvious distinct odor of my ejaculate wafting out of my room. In any case, I remember how red my face had been then, and it was that shade right now, almost embarrassed by my endless horniness.

The fairy put her hands on both side of my skull, her full breasts pushing together giving them deep and enticing cleavage. I felt my dick grow even harder once again, trapped helplessly beneath the thick weight of this sexy tattooed fairy. 

She looked into my eyes intensely. 

All of a sudden, I could understand her thoughts. 

"I am Kayla," she said without moving her lips, "and you are mine. I found you in the woods, helpless, and you are now mine to do with as I please." A grin pulled the sides of her sexy lips up, and I stared like deer in the headlights at her mesmerizing eyes, hazel now, swirling with shades of blue and green. Then she lowered her face to mine and pressed her lips against my open mouth. We kissed, and our tongues intertwined lustily.

It was a passionate kiss that seemed to last for hours. I tasted my seed in her saliva and was oddly turned on. I was lost in the intensity of it all, and I col feel my cock growing harder, and harder, incessantly, upwards and outwards.

We broke our contact, breathing hard. She lifted her proud shoulders and threw back her hair, thrusting her breasts outward into the moon spattered light. 

She shifted her ample ass backward, down onto the upper part of my thighs, and my erection sprung free, straight up into the air. She stared at it. 

She took her two hands and placed them three or four inches on either side of my hardened cock, and twirled them there, like she was feeling around a glass fishbowl. But there was nothing there except my throbbing rock hard cock. I felt my balls fill once again with hot seed and marveled at the impossibility of it. Again I recalled the first time I learned how to masturbate and the endless enthusiasm and energy I had, applying myself to my new favorite pastime with fervent glee.

What did she mean that I was hers, I wondered? I said it out loud.

"What do you mean? Are you going to try to keep me here as your slave? I'm not sure I can stay past tomorrow, if that is the case. I have to get back to my job at the bookstore, or I'll get fired for sure!" I pleaded with her and she smirked. 

Her hand snaked downward and wrapped itself around the base of my cock. Whatever it was about her hand that caused me immense pleasure, it wasn't letting up any time soon. I groaned and my shaft heaved and throbbed like some wild snake caught in a net of fingers. She laughed then, and the sound caused my heart to soar. 

She was so beautiful, so pure! I thought I felt a tear in my eye and wiped it away surreptitiously. There was something about this experience that was holy, beyond anything I had ever experienced before. And I had never experienced that kind of orgasm in my life!

My cock head bulged as she gripped tightly to the base of my erection. It pulsated and grew. The mushroom shaped tip darkened into a deep ripe cranberry color, and white precum oozed out of the tip and down the veiny shaft, over her fingers and into the nooks and crannies in between them. 

My cock (somehow I began to think of it as just The Cock) began to grow beyond even what it had become before. The Cock was approaching 9,10, and now 12 inches in length! It had a girth of 2, then 3 inches! And it was still growing! 

My eyes grew wide in astonishment as it grew into a giant pulsing love rod, the likes of which I had never seen in the flesh!

I was drowning in sensation. Each increase in The Cock's thick hot mass increased the deep pulsating pleasure I was feeling in my body bit by bit, until I felt as if I was drowning in an overwhelming wave of ecstasy. 

The fairy's hand, although tight, was forced apart as The Cock swelled immensely, her fingers inches apart as my giant dick swayed like an old mature tree, up high into the cool night air. 

She smiled at it, pleased with her magic work, and I saw a flush of color bloom on her chest, up her neck, and into her cheeks. 

Her own cock-growing spell was getting her hot! I glanced down the erotic curves of her body to find that she was grinding her sopping wet cunt onto my thigh with abandon. She used my giant dong to pull herself up toward it, and pressed her dripping pussy onto my aching balls, which were the color and size of ripe juicy plums. She began to grind her erect little clit against my full nutsack and reached out with her free hand to grab onto an upper portion of my mammoth meaty cock. It swelled again and precum was dribbling down the taut skin of my dickmeat in a river of creamy juicy goodness, pooling in the hollow between my massive balls. She reached down in between her legs and I felt her fairy fingers rubbing her clit on the incredibly sensitive underside of my ballsack. 

Her eyes were dreamy as she looked at the throbbing dark purple head of my cock that swayed high in the air, jutting far out from the knobby bones of my hips, farther than I had ever see it soar. The Cock ruled the night for us both, and Kayla opened her sensuous mouth, licking her lips in a wanton display of hunger and bent over, just slightly, to begin to wrap them around the huge phallus that lay between us like a third lover.