 Out of the hollows of my hips jutted a mammoth cock, the likes of which I had never seen before. It throbbed, it pulsated, it bobbed to and fro with a mind of its own, and all I could do was lay back and allow it to be free to do what it needed to do. 

Kayla the fairy bent slightly over it, hunching her delicate but strong shoulders, tattooed with swirls and marks from a different universe than mine, her sensuous lips slightly parted, her forked tongue whipping out to wrap itself around the throbbing purple head of The Cock, barely able to make a complete circuit of that tube of rock hard lust. I saw her small fangs flash in moonlight before my eyes closed, overwhelmed by the sensation of her soft and supple tongue caressing the overly sensitive frenulum of my spongy cockhead, wetly caressing my erection like a wet dress sticking to a naked woman's thigh. 

Slap! Slip, slip! Sliding all over and around the oozing head, the sounds her fairy tongue made as it swished and wetly slapped all over my cock drove me wild with erotic abandon. I wanted to spread my legs and give over to her ministrations completely but her heavy strong thighs clenched me tightly about the lower hips, her clit still grinding, pressing up against my grossly distended ballsack. 

I could see the undulations of her hips causing the dimples in the sides of her ass cheeks to deepen, and the fleshy folds where her hips met her thighs increased in length. Grinding against me like a horny bitch in heat, her breasts swayed with each thrust of her pelvis. 

"Uuuuunnngghhh. Unnnnnnnngghhh. Uuuuuuuunnngghhh! Unngh!" She was groaning as her pleasure nub was rubbed unintentionally by my balls. 

I felt it all, as if I was observer, but wrapped up in the overwhelming sensual waves that rushed over and through me as each ministration of Kayla's tongue drove me more into the mindless place where I wanted only to plunge my big old dickmeat into any one of her holes. 

I thrust my thin hips up off the cool grass into the air and forced my cock to kiss her slightly parted lips. She grinned in wonderment and opened her mouth wide, descending down onto the throbbing meat of my enormous erection, encompassing it all with a soft, hot, and wet mouth. I could feel the head of my penis pushing up against the back of her throat, and I looked down to see her mouth as wide as it could be, lips stretched to the max around the ridiculous circumference of my erection, and then the tightness of her throat began to squeeze itself down and around my bulbous head, and my eyes flew shut and I threw my head back with the sensation.

The sensation grew and grew as she impaled my monster cock down into her throat and in a moment I was at the precipice of orgasm once again, my balls full and then retracting within the mass of my huge dick in preparation for the unleashing of the beast.  

But I did not cum of course, I stayed there, yelling, screaming into the night. It was as if that exquisite torture of the expanded sensitivity of my penis right after sex was continued indefinitely, and I howled into the night sky, my cock firmly lodged deep into the fairy's throat.

Sweat flew off my forehead as I looked downward toward the action, and saw an improbable sight. 

Kayla had deepthroated me, all 14 or more inches of that gigantic dong, and her hair was spread all around my pelvis. I felt it tickle a little as my pre-orgasm rose to a new extreme intensity, and my giant cock swelling inside of her throat, expanding the muscles there, and swelling yet again. 

Kayla looked up, her eyes a sea of pleasure through her own tousled hair, and our eyes met. In that instance I could hold back no more. I saw her raise one eyebrow, as if in amusement, but her mouth could stretch no more for any mirth. 

And then there was moment of silence. No movement. Even sensation had disappeared for a second. And then, like a tsunami, it all came rushing in at once, and I exploded.

Screaming into the night sky I slammed my inner thighs up into Kayla's soft cheeks with a soft plopping nose, my huge hard-on inching back into her throat even more, and I let loose with a huge rope of thick cum deep down into her belly. 

I thought I was going to die. 

As the next immense jet of ejaculate roared out of The Cock, I grabbed Kayla by the hair and pulled her even farther down onto me, pushing, pushing, until I began to buck my hips in a wild attempt to regain some kind of control, but I could not.

"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! I AM FUCKING A FAIRY MOUTH! I AM FUCKING A FAIRY THROAT! UNGH! UNGH! UNGH! UNGH!" Each grunt that was expelled from my body like a punch in the chest was matched by a surge of hot seed spooging deep into Kayla's long sinuous throat. For a moment I imagined the flash flood of hot cum spurting down her throat in ropey jets, a tumultuous river of white spunk, filling her with warm milk.

"UNGH!" The Cock spurted like a firehose inside her throat and she slowly withdrew her head from my lap, my wet sticky cockflesh becoming exposed to the night air inch by inch until only her lips were wrapped around the apple shaped head of my spurting dick. Cum was dripping down my cock obscenely as it throbbed in time with its own ejaculations. Cum was streaming down out of her nose in two streams, and spunk was dripping in sloppy webs off of her chin and onto her tits and thighs. I saw her close her eyes, lips soft around my manhood, and rub at her clit with an intensity I hadn't seen before. She began to hum as she came, her whole body convulsing in short manic jerks.

I lazily spurted hot thick jets of spunk into the cavity of her mouth and could hear the wet splats as they hit the roof of her mouth and the back of her throat. Finally, The Cock was spent and spurted one jet, two jets, and then a short series of gentle ejaculations onto her tongue before slowly softening and flopping out her mouth like a tired snake and onto my slimy belly that wa covered with sweat and cum and Kayla's spit. 

She reached down and wrapped her fingers around the base of the Cock gently, possessively, wrestling it around and slapping it wetly against my hip bone

Now I could hear her thoughts. 

"Mine."