 Volume 4: Dereliction of Duty 

Chapter XV: Better Mouse Traps 

Sarah kept her collar high as she made her way around the outer rim of the village towards the sheriff's home. Along the way she passed a few farmers and the occasional city guard- every time she did her throat pinched, but eventually she managed to get to Cosnu's abode with limb and sanity more or less in check. 

Relatively speaking, of course; Sarah was exhausted. Every part of her ached and her body couldn't drum up the energy to put on even the most basic of masks, all she wanted to do was sleep and pretend dreams didn't exist. In a sane, fair world, she'd have gone to the inn and hired a few caravan guards to keep things safe and secure. Not for long, of course, she just needed a little rest. 

Just a bit. 

Instead what she got was a human trafficker following her in the shadows where he didn't think she'd be able to sense his magic. It was tangy and bold and it made him shine like a spark lamp as he crept along the second circle of houses just within range of a hand crossbow. She couldn't tell the specifics of his magic, but she could guess it had something to do with illusions or molding mental states in some way- she'd only ever encountered that tang once and the bard that was 'gifted' it extracted a fairly tidy sum from those who watched his performances. 

How the lanky man had found a Pact holder willing to help him was anyone's guess, but Sarah wasn't about to take the chance she might not be immune, she was going to follow through to the letter of her agreement- until an opportunity presented itself. 

It was a recurring theme in her life, it wouldn't be hard to find or create one. . . Yes, she just needed her chin up long enough to make it work. So it wasn't surprising that when she showed up to Sheriff Cosnu's door she was exceptionally theatrical about making her cooperation known. "Good sheriff! Spare me but a few moments of your time?" 

Initially there was no response and for a moment Sarah considered how far she could get before she was caught but then the door opened and the portly sheriff eliminated the need to make such a choice. With the added bonus of looking suitably irritated for being roused at such an early hour. At least she wouldn't have to pretend she was in better spirits, too. 

"I have some information that I think you may want to hear," Sarah tucked her hands into her coat pockets and held his gaze. She gave a brief nod towards the house where her shadow was hiding to warn him of the guest- the action was instantly recognized for what it was and he crossed his arms over his chest. "All's well, I assure you," she lied smoothly. 

"That right? You wanna come in and talk about it, then?" 

"Ah, but for love of Grace and keeping a stable household-" 

"She left me six months ago," he said flatly. "So it's just you, me, and the walls." 

"Oh," Sarah at least had the good manner to offer a polite condolence before she changed tact. "The assassin that killed our mutual friend is here." 

Her bluntness surprised him. "Y- What?" He then glanced towards the shadow near the house from the safety of his own home. "Did you bring it here?" 

"Of course not, give me some credit, Cosnu." 

"Then wh-" 

"Now," Sarah drew herself to her full height to meet his gaze with a confidence she didn't feel. "When we're asked what we've done to serve our respective communities, we must ask ourselves what we wish to be known for. . ." 

"I-" 

"Think carefully about this, you've an opportunity to get yourself in good with the noble's council- there will be a formal inquisition and who but the master of Laleah will be able to respond with pride and confidence? I dare say your standing will sail to the skies like a star in reverse. . ." 

"You done?" 

"Only if you're convinced this would be good for all involved." She gave him a dry smile. 

The pudgy man stared at her for a moment as if expecting her to continue on. When she didn't he hefted his bulk in a shrug and braced a hand on the frame. "These're farmers, Sarah. Aint none'f 'em seen a war since the Raiders from Caleah. What do you think they're gonna do if they run into that woman?" 

Sarah blinked in surprise. "You know about her?" 

"Yeah, I. . . .talk to people." He wrinkled his nose. 

Keeping her voice soft, Sarah eased into his space a little, "I told you I'd help you with the dice problem-" 

"It aint like that- Grace. . .sobered me up." He glanced away. "Look, she was involved in some bad shit, I aint making apologies for that but she got me out of it and away from those people. They still talk around people I know- I hear things. She's bad news, Sarah." 

"Preaching to the choir, my good man. I'm keenly aware." She shuddered at the memory of the carriage assault, "I've seen her in action, but I think I may have an advantage we can use. . ." 

Cosnu eyed her dubiously. "Well, guess there's her age. . . She's gotta be gett'n into her golden years by now. She's got a rep in the Free States goin back before you were a twitch in yer daddy's balls." 

Sarah chuffed a derisive laugh. "And how old do you think I am, hm?" 

"Roun' fifty by my estimate." He eyed her a moment. He knew he'd hit her age perfectly but he seemed to want to play it up with that smug grin and broadening of his shoulders. "Like I said, people talk." 

"Well, be that as it may, the question becomes how badly you want to pursue your dreams of courtly splendor- or was it just getting out of here? I've forgotten." 

"That was a long time ago, Sarah. I moved on. . . I aint gonna be no rich fop, I made peace with that." He took a deep breath. "But I aint gonna live in a place where people're afraid either; drunkards and shit can be dealt with but. . . .but what she did to that family aint right. People want vengeance and I don't blame 'em." 

Under normal circumstances Sarah would've had a quip to explain how absolutely droll the very idea of taking vengeance on someone was, but rather than being pedantic about it, she simply took her chance: "Then consider this a chance to improve their safety, your standing and remove two of the world's great evils in one fell swoop. . ." 

"Two?" 

"Quite so; imagine the rumors of corruption and lackluster efficacy soundly put to rest with but a single act. Some say pride is a sin, but I put to you that lack of pride is the real sin. . ." 

Cosnu scoffed. "So what, slap some polish on it and the turd shines?" 

"Your words, not mine." 

He ran a hand over his face and sighed. "You got a plan or something, then? Or you expect me to come up with that too?" 

"Have you ever known me not to have a plan? Come now, don't give me that look- that was one time and we were drunk. . . .and as I recall Grace didn't seem to mind it at the time." Sarah flashed a faint grin. "Cow tipping is not a crime, juvenile as it may be." 

"I'm surprised you remembered. . ." 

"I was cursed with an exceptionally good memory," Sarah withdrew her hands from her pockets. "I believe our next stop should be the mayor's house, hm? My companion is there comforting the family and I suspect they'll want to hear of this, too. . ." 

Cosnu's gaze lingered on the half-elf, uneasy and probably knowing better than to trust her, but intrigued enough that he wouldn't write her off without hearing her out. It wasn't like he had anything to lose by trying, anyway. He glanced back at his home for perhaps the last time. . . "Yeah. Let me get my shield." 

# 

A few minutes later Sarah was knocking on the mayor's door. As expected, his daughter answered and almost kicked her out before she saw Cosnu right behind her. "We need to talk. . . You'll wanna hear this." 

She sat quietly while Sarah and Cosnu laid out a carefully edited version of the truth in a home that would've been considered sacred under the right circumstances. Every niche of the living room displayed iconography of one deity or another- even some Sarah couldn't readily identify. Where there were supposed to be a dozen, some of them surely had to be fabricated, but to the four of them they were silent witnesses of a harrowing tale told with tongue planted firmly in cheek. 

At least Sarah's was- something she was less than apologetic for; she was too damn tired to care. "So this girl killed four nobles that I know of, attempted- and still is, might I add- to kill me. This after she brought your father to an unseemly end and brought tears to eyes too young for them." 

"But we know who she is." Cosnu offered. "A girl named the Ace of Diamonds." Carefully he added, "from what we learned she's a high profile freelance assassin. Someone wanted him dead, and we're afraid they might want you dead, too." 

"B- But why? I'm nothing special-" 

"You're the only person in this village that's fit to run things," the fat sheriff said. "You're the only one people trust around here and you do a good job. Like your father, you've got the skill, and with. . . well, with good help, you can take care of everything you need to. I'm not gonna leave any time soon." 

For her part in it the girl cast a glance at the paladin to her right. He was attentive but seemed unsure of what to make of the situation; not completely dispondent, though, he looked between them. "So have you got some kind of plan? Or are we just going to repeat Sorash. . ." 

"As much as I enjoy a near escape, I'd rather approach this logically." Sarah leaned forward with her hands spread. "It would be more beneficial to all involved if we avoid bloodshed, which is why I would much rather employ the skills and talents of those versed in its application." She feigned a smile. 

Caldion's young gaze wandered over Sarah as though he was stuck trying to make out her exact meaning or maybe he just enjoyed the view- it was surprisingly hard to tell with him with the way in which his features were composed suggested more than casual interest but he had that touch of skepticism that made him not only appear older but fairly angry for no discernible reason. 

Maybe it was angst. Yes, a paladin who couldn't get what he wanted and knew it would probably be offered freely was in an unenviable position indeed! Sarah grinned at him pointedly. 

Rather than continue his visual exploration of her body, though, he surprised her. "So you want to hide behind us while you sneak off into the dark, is that it?" 

"Now let's not be harsh!" 

"I thought so too," the mayor's daughter interjected. "You're going to run off at the first sign of danger aren't you? That's what you elfs do! It-" 

"Elves," Cosnu said. 

"Whatever!" 

"Quite the contrary, I assure you." Sarah pushed her glasses up. "Your father and I had an understanding when I first came to this village, I would help protect it in exchange for a plot of land on which I might build a warehouse- now despite the building never having gained momentum, I still feel a certain sense of loyalty to-" 

Caldion scoffed. "Sarah and loyalty are words that don't belong together." 

"Like Caldion and seemliness?" 

The two shared a wary glance that suggested neither of them was in any mood to deal with the other, and in true fashion neither of them broke gazes until the Sheriff stepped between them. He knelt beside the mayor's daughter, voice tired but focused. "I know your father didn't like her, but she's offered to stand in as bait- now the way I see it, that's something he would've appreciated. We can at least respect that, can't we?" 

Another dubious look from the young paladin had Sarah fuming; she was much too tired to put on her own civility. She gave him a smug know-it-all grin. 

Even as the boy leaned back, however, she felt his irritation subside a little and the faintest glimmer of curiosity- dare say, respect?- sparked in his eyes. A foolish notion, but it kept the peace for a moment longer. 

"The problem will come with Sorash's militia, I believe they mean to do me harm for some indiscernible reason!" 

"That happens when you go around breakin cherry baskets," Cosnu said lightly. "Sooner or later you find a virgin who's father had plans for that-" 

"Must you be so crude? The very concept that someone is 'owned' like property is more than vulgar and speaks quite poorly to your view of the world! I think of it as a liberating act, and I'm quite well regarded in so doing, may I add." 

Caldion pinched the bridge of his nose. "So what's the plan?" 

"Quite simple! We politely let slip to Sorash's militia that the 'notorious' assassin is roaming the village and we set an ambush to trap the little tart. Then she can be turned over to the proper authorities!" 

Caldion's wasn't the only puzzled look. "You say it like it'll be that easy." 

"Indeed it shall. . ." Sarah eyed the two men thoughtfully, wondering just how far she could get between herself and the assassin before she'd get a blade in Sarah's back. Would they take it for her? Should they have had to? The half-elven cleric dampened her lips, mulling over what she knew of the girl. "She thinks herself powerful, and she's most certainly brazen-" 

Cosnu started, "Sounds like someone I know-" 

"Please, spare me your scathing observations! That your mother didn't raise you better is hardly my fault, but neither am I obliged to acquiesce to such belligerence." Sarah paced a few steps. "She attacked a noble right in front of his guards and made it look easy, she's not to be trifled with, but she knows she outclasses her adversaries. . ." 

"I told you taking her on was a mistake," Caldion leaned forward, his voice deadpan. "She radiates emptiness. She's tainted-" 

"Yes, yes. . . But perhaps it would surprise you that compassion isn't a uniquely human trait." Sarah wrinkled her nose. "I would not be able to live with myself had I not at least attempted to offer assistance- she was dying, stop looking at me like that. . ." 

"Hmph." 

"You helped her?" 

"Before I knew her to be an assassin hell bent on killing me!" 

The mayor's daughter groaned loudly and facepalmed, "You fucking idiot. . ." 

"What's done is done," Caldion rose. "So she thinks she's superior, what if we use that against her?" 

"I'm open to ideas!" 

"Among other things." 

Sarah gave Cosnu a dirty look, earning a smirk in return. 

"If she's after you, she'll want to get you isolated-" 

"I don't think that's necessarily the case, she's had plenty of opportunities to isolate me- I think. . . I think she relishes the challenge." Sarah frowned at that notion. "Oh dear," she turned to see Caldion watching her. "If it's something as droll as sport. . . .money I can supply, it would not be the first time I've bought out a contract on my life, but elsewise is much harder to dissuade, hm?" 

"The price of being the center of attention," Caldion gave her a smirk that didn't touch his eyes. It might've been endearing if not for the way he was studying her. "So why don't we make it hard for her to get to you. . ." 

"Precisely! You'll excuse my concern in turning over my safety to the locals or Sorash's militia- or even you, good paladin, but I think we may be able to bring certain elements to a head." She flashed a smile. He didn't need to know about the human traffickers just yet, but he'd understand it when she mentioned: "Other parties seem to be involved, very dangerous parties, that likewise want her removed. . ." 

"So we bring them together. . ." 

"We do!" 

"What have you got in mind?" 

She never claimed to be pure, but she had one thing going for her. She was a survivor. She'd survive this, too. Sarah grinned as she opened her mouth to lie.