 Kayla had tied me to a tree.

She had looped cordage of some kind of dark rope that I had never seen before loosely around my wrists and pulled me over to a large maple tree, maybe 3 feet wide, with furrowed silver bark that glowed softly in the moonlight. She reached far overhead, her pendulous bosoms pressed together tightly in between the frame of her slim but muscular biceps, and wrapped the cordage around the circumference of the tree. She pushed me roughly back toward the tree, so that my back scratched along the bark, and swiftly walked around and yanked the cord tight, so that my hands were bound together up over my head on the tree. My feet rested lightly on grass and dirt, and I saw large roots radiating outward from where I stood, like thin sharks in the water. 

The Cock was flaccid and spent. Two, or was it three, mighty eruptions had drained it dry that night already, and my entire body was loose, free, like I had gone through multiple rounds in a boxing fight and finally won a TKO. My own dried ejaculate caked my thighs and belly, and I could feel the sticky tightness of my skin where it had dried.

Then, Kayla the fairy appeared before me, walking lithely like a jaguar in the jungle, her tawny tattooed flanks rippling with the quiet precision and effort of her steps. I gulped, and felt a twitch in The Cock once again as I watched her hourglass figure move through the darkness with stealth and grace. 

She cocked a tousled head at me and reached out to place a soft but strong hand on my taut belly.

(You are mine.) 

I could understand her, even though her lips didn't move, when she touched my flesh. The fairy communicated mostly telepathically, I wondered, so maybe I could too?

(I am yours. But for how long?) Her lips curved upwards and I realized it had worked! We were talking without words, beaming our thoughts into eachother's head without having to use the cumbersome evolutionary technology of our tongues and mouth chambers!

(For however long I want you to be mine. Time does not work in the same way as it does in your world. In my world, the world of the Fey, a minute can be a lifetime, and a lifetime can be a minute.)

I swallowed again, hard. 

(And if I want to see my family and friends again? Will you let me?)

Her fangs flashed.

(If I feel generous towards you. But you have to work at making me feel that way. You work for me now. Well, me and whoever else I let use you.)

Laughter sounds strange telepathically, but I swore she was cackling in my mind as she trailed a sharp fingernail up my belly, over my chest, circling a nipple and then pinching it, quite hard.

"Yow!" I cried out at the sudden sensation. Pain radiated in my breast and Kayla slapped me playfully on the cheek. 

(Good slave boy. The sensations of life are sacred. But when I want you to be quiet, you need to be quiet. Do you understand?)

I nodded.

( I do.)

And then I saw them.

...

In the shadows of the forest I saw two other figures, indistinct and murky. As they grew in size I began to make out their forms. Both seemed to be similarly shaped to my darling Kayla. Two women, or rather two fairies, with voluptuous figures and curves to spare. As they moved closer and closer I noticed one had bright blond hair in two wild pigtails above bright blue eyes, and the other had a fiery red mane that framed a heart-shaped face with an upturned nose. Like Kayla, their bodies were covered with swirling tattoos from another, non-human culture, and like Kayla they only wore their long locks and a spattering of jewelry which seemed made from roots and bones. Their hairless bodies gleamed and shifted in the moonlight as they made their way toward where Kayla stood in front of my naked body bound to the tree. 

At the sight of these new fleshpots of supernatural carnal knowledge, The Cock began to stir. Kayla noticed and ran a hand down past my belly button past my thigh, and wrapped it around the beginning swell of my hard-on. Her dainty hand covered only a portion of my heavy meat as it began to rise and point toward the two new fairies, who had arrived in our small glen. 

They were both smiling and the blonde came up behind Kayla, running her hand up Kayla's belly and cupping her heavy full breast. Kayla craned her neck to the side and their mouths met. They kissed passionately as I looked onward with fascination as two fairy women made out in front of me. 

That was when I had a realization. 

Perhaps fairy life was primarily about fucking and sucking and doing it all day long? They were like animals in that they had primal needs that they constantly sought to be met, but unlike animals they could meet those needs with magic and spells! So life was much easier for them, and they must occupy the majority of their lives with fucking!

It was a wondrous thought, and I wished that I could be a part of it. Then I realized I was a part of it! Not exactly by my free will, but not exactly against it either! I didn't know if I would run away if I could, to lose being a part of the scene that was unfolding in front of me. 

The Cock grew again to enormous proportions, swelling and throbbing as the meat was filled with desire and lust, a hot rod of cum and pussy parting. Kayla's hand now was spread wide as the full wave of my desire pooled in that gigantic love stick, and I panted a little as I was consumed by the desire to ram The Cock into a wet, hot hole, any hole, something to sheath its mighty veined horniness.

(This one is called Terra, and that red haired creature is Fiellen. They are my main lovers.)

Apparently a side benefit of telepathic communication is that you could make out with someone and still have conversations. I saw Kayla's eyes glance at me and then she was once again absorbed in sucking face with the one known as Terra. 

It was a really hot sight, as Terra used both of her hands to knead and weigh Kayla's heavy breasts, while Kayla began to stroke all the way up The Cock in slow motion and I gasped at the sensation. Fiellen move in closer and ran a possessive hand over my broad shoulders, her own fangs gleaming in the moonlight as she moved to join her fairy lovers. Her sharp nailed hand moved down Kayla's hand that was attached to The Cock, caressing it unhurriedly, and made its way to the pulsating length of my throbbing erection. Her fingers wrapped around the mighty meat stick, as much as it could, just below Kayla's grip on my dick, and slid, lubricated by the precum that had dribbled out of the tip earlier, down the shaft. As Kayla's fingers jerked off The Cock upwards, Fiellen jerked it off downwards. Kayla stopped just below the bulbous purple head that was drizzling precum in endless fluid ounces, and Fiellen stopped at the base, pressing firmly but gently down into the distended balls that swung there in the wind. 

I groaned and my eyes flew shut in ecstasy as I struggled to process all new sensations that were flooding my body.