 The double handjob was driving me mad. 

Kayla's strong hand gripped the top half of my throbbing shaft, lubed by the bountiful precum that dripped down languidly over The Cock's mushroomed purple head, and it stroked that hard dick like it was designed to do one thing, namely whack off my massive erection. Meanwhile, Fiellen's more dainty digits attempted to encircle my palpitating rock hard penis around its thick base, squeezing and jerking off the lower half of my monster member, her fingers slapping happily into my full balls. 

I felt the pressure of my huge sack building up inside of me, hot, bubbling like a fountain of lava ready to splat all over the fairy faces that hovered in front of me, kissing passionately with their hair waving around each other faces, like voluminous halos, allowing me to catch only a brief glimpse of fairy lips locked in serious french kissing.

Terra had become sandwiched in between the two gorgeous fairy sluts that masturbated my hard-on with dual vigor, even as they pressed their own bountiful breasts into her own slightly more petite ones and into her shoulders. It was a writhing heap of outrageous carnality, filled with pure lust and heady with the fragrance of fuck. They moved as one beast, grinding their smooth engorged pussies on each others thick thighs and ample ass cheeks, smearing their love juice all of each others tattooed bodies. 

I watched the magical menage a trois with eyes set in a permanent wonder, all lines erased from my face, which had been previously been set in a permanent scowl. Or so said my ex-girlfriend, who had left me only months before. A large part of why I was on this camping trip was to shake off the last vestigial traces of her overwhelmingly toxic presence. 

That bitch was so full of herself she would have given Narcissus, the Greek mythological character that couldn't stop staring at himself, a run for his money! 

In the end, she had cheated on me with her own best friend, a man she had known since they had both attended art school. The sonofabitch Paolo and his handsome dark eyes! He had bided his time for decades waiting until she had a need that only he could scratch! 

Even now, as the intensely erotic scene played out out in front of me and my magically enhanced megacock was bobbing like a fleshy Eiffel tower in between me and three beautiful fairies fingering each other and grinding their pussys on each others Rubenesque-like forms, humping and fingering and breathing hard and groaning into each others necks and shoulders, even now I grew a little pissed off at that bastard, and my bitch ex-girlfriend, thinking about the two of them sneaking around behind my back, fucking each other, sucking and licking each others big cock and juicy pussy. 

But I've always strived to live in the present, so I shook my head and forgot about those two assholes to focus on the beauty of what was right in front of me. 

I became aware of an agonizing ache in my shoulders and biceps, and I recalled that my hands were secured above my head, my body lined up on a massive tree, my muscular buttocks pressing tightly into the gnarled bark. They must be losing blood flow, I thought. Sweat was dripping down onto my lower back, and I felt an itching sensation there, and then a cool wetness as my own perspiration made its way in between my ass cheeks. The Cock stretched upwards and outwards toward the three lady lovers, pointing its garish apple head straight toward where their mouths and tongues and lips were meeting, and nipping, and licking at each other.

The Cock grew even harder, if that was possible. 

Kayla and Fiellen pushed Terra down onto her knees with their free hands, never stopping their relaxed jacking off my swollen cock, their two hands occasionally meeting in the middle of The Cock's impressive length in a sort of sexual fist bump, over and over and over again. 

"Ungh, ungh, ungh. Ungh, ungh, ungh." Was all I could grunt, immersed in the wild sensation of two women jerking me off at the same time. Two fairies, to be precise.

My tongue lolled as the pleasure overwhelmed my senses. My eyes must have appeared as glazed as the statue of David's eyes.

They let go of The Cock and it sprung upward into the night air at a severe angle, like a soldier pointing a bazooka into the sky, dripping creamy fluid onto the forest floor, where it pooled into a pearly cum puddle.

Now, Kayla and Fiellen manipulated Terra's body, turning her around so that my eyes were caught by her two bobbing blonde ponytails, my gaze sweeping down the dramatics swoop of her hips. As they pushed and pulled her into position, they eyes were glowing and their fangs were bared in concentration. I watched as Fiellen pressed her bountiful breasts into Terra's supplicant face, and Terra began to lick Fiellen's pert nipples, jutting outward from her purple areolas like wet pebbles. They arranged Terra so that she was kneeling away from me, and then Fiellen put a hand to the top of her blonde head and pushed it downward so that Terra had to rest her cheek on the cool earth. 

Now, Terra was presenting her full and incredibly round and plump ass and thick thighs back towards me, like a fucktoy in heat. I saw her engorged dark pussy lips peaking out at me, dripping her own juices down the back of her stalky pale white thighs. It was a sopping mess down below her chunky buttcheeks, her skin sodden with desire and fairy lust. 

She was a few inches away from me and The Cock leapt and lurched forward, trying to close that distance by sheer force of will. My slick buttocks clenched and my thigh muscles strained, but I could do nothing.

Fiellen and Kayla watched The Cock struggle, my own body a frail thing behind it, strapped to the wooden pillar that kept me imprisoned here in their fairy realm, lusting and stretching with absolute horny desperation toward them. They looked at each other, and burst out into tinkling laughter, like flutes playing over the sound of a champagne bottle christening a yacht, shattering into shards that sunk to the bottom of the ocean. 

Then, they put their hands on Terra's shoulders and hips softly, and lifted them very slowly. 

I was amazed to see Terra floating up into the air as they lifted their arms!

Fiellen and Kayla held Terra suspended in the air between them, The Cock pointing directly toward her tight little fairy butthole, framed by two vast butt globes glistening in the moonlight, her face farther down and out of sight. The landscape of her lower back descended down to her shoulders.

The beauty of what I was seeing in front of me was enough to make me forget to breathe, and then they brought Terra back towards me, and slowly pushed her tight little butthole onto the mushrooming head of The Cock. I felt my dickmeat heave, and precum splatted wetly onto the dark puckered entrance to her ass, spooging out from in between its guarded secrets and the spongy head of The Cock. 

Kayla looked at me and arched an eyebrow.

(We're all connected now.)

And then they pushed her onto The Cock.