 Author's Note: The creatures in this story are referred to by generic names like Dragon, Unicorn and Uncle. They have real names of their own, but these names are nearly impossible for humans to pronounce and very difficult to transcribe into any human alphabet. It is therefore easier to keep all names in this story as generic names.

Dragon was sunning himself on the soft sand of the lake's beach, sprawled out to catch every ray. He was a medium size dragon, about as big as an average horse, covered with green scales and with a long, spiky tail. Dragons of his tribe were water dragons, so he had large webbed claws at the end of short, powerful legs.

He turned his head slightly and looked up the slope to the nearby grassy meadow. A white unicorn was grazing there, pale and shining in the sunlight with a hide the color of new cream that strawberries had soaked in for a few minutes. He watched with his dark green eyes, carefully observing every motion of the unicorn. The way the light gleamed off her golden horn and hooves, the way she tossed her baby-fine pale mane the color of midsummer's moonlight, the way her long tail swayed when she walked. When she finally turned her back to him, the dragon stirred, easing his serpentine body off the sand and moving along the slope up to the meadow, silent as a summer's breeze. He was careful, not letting her catch the tiniest hint of his motion. The unicorn didn't notice his approach, and soon he was right behind her. He reached out with a cruelly sharp dragon claw, slowly and carefully, slowly... 

Then gently stroked the unicorn's haunch and hind leg with his scaly knuckles, savoring the velvet perfection of her hide. The unicorn tossed her head, large golden eyes wide in surprise and turned her head back to look at the dragon.

"That wasn't funny, Dragon, you frightened me." Her voice was as pure as her cream colored hide. 

Dragon sighed, letting a tiny wisp of smoke escape his nostrils. "Sorry my love, I couldn't help myself, you are so beautiful, you know I can't resist you." 

"Oh Dragon, don't talk that way, you know that our love can never work." Unicorn sighed, a sound like the wind in distant trees.

Dragon moved along her until they were side-by-side. "There has to be a way, and I'll find it, no matter how long it takes." 

Dragon snaked out his forked tongue and ran it along her soft neck. She nuzzled his scaly hide, closing her eyes in pleasure. He ran a jagged fang along her ear and she shivered. 

"Dragon, stop, don't. We can't." 

"Unicorn, how can I stop when I can't resist your charms? You've cast some strong magic on me." He nuzzled her neck again. "Mmm, what kind of magic can enslave a dragon?"

"There's no magic, dear Dragon, it's just love."

"But Unicorn, love is the strongest magic of all." Dragon fell silent for a moment, not moving. "Strong magic. Strong magic, that's what we need."

"Strong magic? What are you talking about?"

"Strong magic so we can be together. Let's leave for the mountains to see the great Uncle Dragon, he's the oldest and wisest dragon living. He knows all about magic." 

"Can he help us?" Unicorn's ears perked up. "Can we leave right now?"

"In the morning. We'll want to pack a few things. I'll have to bring Uncle a trinket from my horde." Dragon squirmed a bit, trying to ease the stiffness of his erection. "Right now I need to cool off with a dip in the lake." 

Unicorn looked down between Dragon's legs. "Still hard? You can cool off in the lake, but what am I supposed to do about my wet hindquarters?" 

"Join me for a swim, my sweet." 

"I think that would just make things worse." She flicked her long tail at him. "Go on, cool off." 

Early the next morning, Dragon emerged from his hidden lakeside lair with a large mesh bag tied to his back between his dragon wings. Inside the bag, among other things, was a silver tankard set with large, polished garnets. Unicorn shook herself awake and trotted over to greet Dragon.

"Good morning dear one, what's in the bag?" Unicorn asked.

"Good morning, my love. It's just a trinket from my hoard as a gift for Uncle. If he likes it, then he'll help us find magic that will let us be together."

"Let's get going, how far is it to Uncle's lair?"

"He hides in the northern mountains, about three day's travel from here." Dragon indicated the direction with a flick of his head.

"Do you know the way?"

"It's been years, but I've been there once before. You set the pace and I'll fly just ahead to guide you." 

"There's plenty of grass along the valleys, but what about food for you?"

"Don't worry, there'll be plenty." Dragon leapt into the air and glided around in a circle, getting his bearings and waiting for Unicorn to begin walking. It took them about an hour to find a pace that was comfortable for both of them and the miles slipped by. When the sun was nearing the horizon, Unicorn signaled Dragon to stop and find a place to rest. There was plenty of grass along their track and a stand of trees provided concealment from anyone that might happen by. Dragon managed to find a small animal that made a decent snack for a dragon of his size. 

Next morning, Unicorn woke first and grazed for a while before waking Dragon. She wanted to build up her reserves for the rest of the journey. Two more days passed in a similar fashion before they came to the foothills of the mountains. 

"Hmm, this way, I think." Dragon waved a claw towards a cleft in the ridge. "Let me go ahead and check, I'll be back soon." He few off towards the mountain and circled around the slope a couple of times before he spotted the old dragon's cave about halfway up a canyon wall. Dragon sped back to Unicorn.

"I've found it." He called. "I've found his cave. We'll have our answer soon."

It took most of the next day for Unicorn to find a path up to the elder dragon's cave. A dragon's lair is usually reached by flying, not walking. Fortunately for them, the elder dragon had once suffered a wing injury many years ago that kept him from flying for a while. He had made sure that there was a narrow path up to his cave so that it could be reached by walking. Dragon went in first. 

"Uncle, are you here?" He called in the dragon language.

"Who's that? Who's there?" Boomed out the ancient dragon's voice.

"It's just me Uncle, I visited you many years ago. I've brought you a gift." Dragon passed the silver tankard to the elder dragon.

"Well, I remember you, young whippersnapper. Always wanting to go off and do something crazy. Well what crazy thing have you done now?" Uncle set the tankard on top of a mound of treasure. 

"I've fallen in love, Uncle."

"Well that's a crazy thing for a dragon to do, but not crazy enough to bring you here for my advice. Go on. What else?"

Dragon signaled for Unicorn to enter the cave. "Uncle, I've fallen in love with a unicorn."

"Now that's pretty crazy. This the little lady, here?" 

Dragon and Unicorn both nodded.

"Well, it's better for us dragons to stay with our own kind." Uncle thought a moment. "Hows about I tell you about my great-grand nice. Nice girl dragon, you'd like her. She lives by a lake down south a ways." Uncle mentioned a name in the dragon language.

"Uh, Uncle, I know that dragon. She's my mother." 

"Oh. Well I guess she must have raised you right, she was a cute little dragon some years ago. If she's your mother then I'll help you."

"Thank you Uncle."

"Well now, it's going to take some really strong magic for you two to stay together, let me tell you." Uncle coughed a couple of times and spit into the corner of his cave. 

"That's why we've come, Uncle. Can you tell us what sort of magic will help us?"

"Well, that's the hard part, isn't it?" Uncle sat back and scratched his chin, thinking. "Can't rightly say that I know any magic that will work, but I know someone who does. Don't know what he'll ask in return, though."

"Who is it? Please tell us." Unicorn piped up, using the dragon language.

"Well, there's this Wizard, see? He's kind of taken on dragons as a specialty. Does dragon healing and that sort of thing. Usually collects shed scales, claw trimmings and the occasional small vial of dragon's blood, that sort of thing. Probably sells the stuff to lesser magicians or tourists or something."

"Where can we find the Wizard?"

"Well, you just go up this canyon a ways and turn right into the valley where the waterfall flows down. You'll come to a tree that's been split in two by lightning, all burned and splintered, but the outer parts of it are still alive. It's got green branches growing out of burned ones. You can't miss it." Uncle coughed and spat again. "Just past the tree is another cave, that's where you'll find the Wizard. Stay clear of the Troll, he's got a nasty temper." 

"Thank you Uncle, we'll go see the Wizard right away." Dragon backed out of the cave right after Unicorn. 

"Now what?" She asked.

"We have to see the Wizard, no matter what he demands. I'll go first and fly to his cave. You follow carefully. If he looks dangerous I want you to run as fast as you can back down the mountain." 

"I won't leave you, Dragon."

"Please, if it's too dangerous then save yourself." Without waiting for a reply, he launched himself into the air and headed for the Wizard's cave, following Uncle's directions. He spotted the Wizard's cave easily and backwinged in for a landing just past the lightning-blasted tree. 

"Don't blow dust into my cave!" A deep human voice came from within, booming out from the darkness. It was followed a moment later by a tall man with a white beard, dressed in wizard's robes and a large, stained white apron. He wiped his hands on the apron, then produced a pointy wizard's hat from a concealed pocket and adjusted it on his head. 

"Don't be landing so close, you'll blow dust into my potions. Ah, yes. Another dragon with a problem that only a wizard can fix. What can I do for you?" The Wizard was fluent in dragon language. 

"Oh great and powerful Wizard, can you help me with a problem of love?" 

"Ha. Love potions don't always get you what you want. Why not try giving your lady dragon some gold from your hoard?" Wizard turned to go back into his cave, but caught sight of Unicorn coming up the trail. He watched her for a moment, then looked back at Dragon. Unicorn sauntered up to Dragon and after nuzzling his neck, stood next to him. Wizard scratched his beard.

"This is a joke, right? You two can't be serious." Wizard quit scratching his beard and folded his arms, waiting for an answer.

"We are serious, oh great and powerful Wizard. Can you help us?" Unicorn spoke in fluent dragon speech.

"Quit calling me that. Just Wizard will do for now. This will not only take powerful magic, but also terrible sacrifice. How much are you two willing to give up to remain together?" 

"Wizard, I would risk anything except her." Dragon drew himself up proudly.

"And I would risk everything except my lover's life." Unicorn responded.

"That's what I thought you would both say, but you must face trials and dangers together for the magic to work. The risk must be shared equally." 

"No Wizard, I won't ever risk losing my Unicorn." 

"Then you've already lost her." Wizard shook his head slowly.

"Dragon, we've already faced a long journey to get here. Our only chance is to heed the Wizard's words." She turned to the Wizard. "We will do what you say and face any danger, as long as we are together." 

"Then there's hope. You two must stay here for a few days while I research what magic will be needed." The Wizard pointed along the valley to a grassy meadow. "You can graze and hunt there. There is also a price for my services, above and beyond the dangers you must face."

Dragon nodded. "Name your price, Wizard."

"From you, Dragon, a few scales that you would shed normally; some clippings of your claws which will grow back soon and a pint of your blood, which you won't miss anyway." Wizard turned to Unicorn. "It's rare that any mage gets to see one of your kind. Unicorns are well known for having great magic concealed within them. For now, I will trim your hooves, mane, tail and horn and keep the trimmings. They will all grow back normally. As with your Dragon, I will also require a pint of your blood." 

"What else will you demand of us?" 

"It is likely that you will have to go on a quest, to bring me something with enough magical qualities to complete the spells. I will know more after my research. For now, let me get my tools and bottles and take my payment." The Wizard ducked back into his cave for a few moments.

"Dragon, this sounds dangerous." 

"If we can be together, it's worth it. For you I would face the fiercest knight that ever roamed the earth." Dragon had one more question for the returning Wizard. "What about the troll that Uncle told us about?"

"Troll? Oh, yes. There was a troll living in a cave about half a mile farther on, but he's been gone for years."

About noon on the fourth day, the Wizard stepped from the entrance of his cave and waved at the odd couple sunning themselves in his meadow. 

"I've got it!" He shouted at them.

"What have you got? Can you do the magic now? How soon can we be together?" Dragon and Unicorn were so excited that they were both talking at once. 

"I have the form of the spell and now I know where you can get the items to complete it." He opened the book that he carried and pointed at a page written in an arcane, indecipherable alphabet. "The Staff of Emagranon has gems with great value and power. All you two have to do is get the staff and bring it to me. Then I can complete the spell in just a day or two." 

"And just where do we find this magical staff of Emaah, Emmananga, Eh, er, staff of power?" 

"That's the hard part." Wizard turned a page and pointed at more squiggles. "There's an evil sorcerer that's gotten ahold of the staff and is using it to enslave other magical creatures. I think I've found his lair by divination. It's several leagues to the west of here, about four days journey for you two." 

"Tell us how to get there." 

Wizard started giving detailed directions, with much pointing and waving of hands, to the place where he thought the Sorcerer might be living. Dragon tried to take it all in and hoped that Unicorn was listening, too. They set out immediately, heading back down the mountain for the road along the foothills. 

One evening, about two days along their journey, just a few leagues beyond the well-marked crossroads Wizard had mentioned, they found a village of humans. Their frail-looking buildings lined the road and the well-tended crop fields spread across the flatlands beyond their town. Since he was in the air high above Unicorn, the villagers sighted Dragon first. Screaming in alarm, they grabbed everything that could be used as a weapon, no matter how crude. Tree branches, pitchforks, scythes and shovels were all pressed into service against the perceived threat. Mothers grabbed their children and dragged them indoors despite their pleas to see the dragon gliding above their rooftops. Dragon banked around and waved Unicorn away from the humans. Afraid that the humans might harm her, he led her off the road onto a smaller track through the forest and bypassing the village.

They rested in the thick woods only a few minutes travel from the village. Dragon left Unicorn in the trees and crept back to the villager's grain fields nearest to the forest. With a few swipes of his sharp claw he harvested several pounds of sweet oats for Unicorn. Before returning to her, he helped himself to a fat lamb from their flocks. He presented the grain, stalks and all to Unicorn back at their hideout. Unicorn was grateful for the high-energy food and set about threshing the grain from the stalks with her sharp hooves. Dragon stored the grain in a spare sack that he had in the carry bag strapped between his wings. 

A couple more days travel brought them to more cultivated fields. But the fieldworkers here weren't human. Large trolls were pulling heavy wagons along the lanes; dwarves were digging irrigation ditches and repairing stone walls; halflings scrambled into trees to prune or pluck fruit. None of them seemed pleased with their jobs and they went about their work listlessly. Dragon landed to talk with Unicorn.

"They don't look very enthused." Unicorn observed.

"I wouldn't be happy doing this kind of work, either." Dragon replied. "It looks very boring."

"No Dragon, the humans at the village looked content while they worked, at least until you frightened them. Besides, they didn't have overseers with whips making them work." 

"Oh." Dragon hadn't noticed the ogres with whips. "They seem to be taking things in that direction." Dragon pointed towards the hills.

"How can we sneak in? The ogres look suspicious of us." 

"How about we disguise ourselves?" Dragon reached over to a parked cart that was piled high with various kinds of bags and sacks. He grabbed a linked pair and set them across Unicorn's back like saddlebags. He took one more for himself, arranging it to cover the mesh bag strapped between his wings. They moved along the road, trudging slowly as if carrying heavy loads, keeping their heads down to look as dejected as the rest of the fieldworkers. 

"Have you noticed that there's no other dragons or unicorns?" Unicorn asked after a while. 

"There doesn't seem to be any really magic creatures around here. There's no fairies or genies or that sort of thing." 

"What can that mean?" 

"Perhaps the Sorcerer's magic isn't strong enough to affect our kind of creature."

"Let's hope that's true." Unicorn tossed her head towards a small castle perched on a hill ahead. It wasn't much more than a single tower surrounded by a curtain wall. "That's the first building we've seen that isn't a barracks or a storehouse. I think that's where we'll find the Sorcerer, it has a magic feel to it, and not a good feeling either." 

The castle itself was little more than a mediocre three-story round keep surrounded by thin curtain walls about ten feet high. There were twelve-foot high rounded projections at the corners instead of real towers. The castle's stones were roughly cut and jammed in place without much precision. The only part of the castle made with any craftsmanship was a long great hall. It overtopped the curtain wall on that side of the castle and stretched the full length of the courtyard. It was built of polished stone construction with several windows, a fine shingle roof and carved drain spouts. Unicorn confidently ambled through the gate followed by Dragon, both still pretending to carry their imaginary loads. Within the courtyard several servants of various magical races hurried about on numerous errands and chores. The great hall's large, carved oak door was left most of the way open so the servants could dash in or out as their duties required. Unicorn was the first to enter the great hall, followed closely by Dragon.

"Look at this place, talk about conspicuous display." Unicorn glanced around at the plush tapestries along the walls and the intricately carved furniture. 

"This place must have cost plenty." Dragon agreed. "And this must be our host."

He nodded towards a human in richly embroidered robes of costly fabric, seated at a large, carved table with a gnarled wooden staff at his side. The Sorcerer was sipping wine from a solid gold goblet, set with rubies and silver knotwork between the stones. He was studying a sheaf of papers covered with arcane symbols, similar to the ones in the Wizard's book. Servants of various kinds bustled about the hall on a variety of chores, making sure the Sorcerer was well supplied with wine and also that he wasn't disturbed. Dragon noticed that the top of the Sorcerer's staff was ornately carved and studded with dozens of colorful gems.
