 Lord Ethan Nogard was watching engrossed as two women engaged in a delirious sexual encounter a few steps from him. He was secretly celebrating the death of his uncle, the King, in the battlefields of the north. His cousin, the first in line to sit on the throne, had been taken prisoner by the enemy and he most certainly was dead too. Lord Ethan's chances to become King increased dramatically. There was only one obstacle between him and the throne and he was planning to eliminate it soon. Jarrod, the Lord's personal advisor, stood beside him.

"How do you do it, Jarrod? How do you make them so docile and obedient? Is it magic?" 

"Not magic, my Lord. These women want to do this for you. They only needed a little convincing."

Drueta, the brunette, knelt of the bed with her face snuggled between Lia's ass-cheeks, suckling the blonde's clitoris with eagerness while the excitement heightened. Lia moaned at the warm feeling of her lover's tongue caressing her labia and her sensitive clitoris.

"Shove your hand in her pussy," Ethan commanded.

"Yes, my Lord."

Lia's heart jolted when she heard the Lord's command. She had never done that before but she would try anything to please her Master.

Drueta turned her hand into a fist and started pressing at the tight opening. She had no intention to be gentle but to maximize the sensations of the impending penetration. Jarrod had chosen her because of her ample expertise in the bedroom and she didn't want to disappoint him.

"Relax my darling. You are going to enjoy this," Drueta said softly to her lover.

"Yes... fuck me with your hand," Lia responded.

The combination of pleasure and pain was exhilarating as Lia felt the whole fist pushing into her clinched passage, expanding her pussy lips to the limit. When Drueta's entire hand was lodged inside the lubricated cavity, she began a slow pumping motion trying to go further in. Then she heard another command from her Lord. 

"Now push your other hand into her ass."

Drueta hesitated for a second, but then she pulled her hand from Lia's pussy, smeared with vaginal juices, and used this natural lubrication to ease her way into the blonde's tight, pulsating anus. At the same time, she shoved her other fist back into the Lia's cunt. She could almost touch one hand with the other as she churned them inside the twitching holes.

Lia grunted loudly upon feeling the tiny hole of her ass being penetrated by Drueta's fist. And the sensation escalated when she felt the second hand piercing into her pussy. After a couple of minutes, her body adjusted and the pain completely faded away. Her moans of pleasure echoed in the room, combined with the squishing sounds of Drueta's fists pumping her holes with determination. 

Lord Nogard was amazed and excited by the women's debauchery and he decided to join the action. "It is time for a little workout," he said, taking off his pants and approaching the bed. He was ready to fuck Drueta from behind. 

Jarrod reminded him that there were important duties to attend. The common people were restless since the King's death and there was uncertainty about whom should inherit the throne. And to make things worse, the enemy hordes were moving south towards the city.

"My Lord, don't forget that our enemy is approaching. Also, Princess Maya must be dealt with as soon as possible."

"Don't worry. This won't take long. My cousin's buyer won't be here until later today."

Jarrod insisted on the matter, failing to change the Lord's mind, "My informants tell me that the northern creatures are already reaching the farthest villages of our realm. They already killed the King so you know how dangerous they are."

Ethan grabbed Drueta's hips and buried his erect cock into the woman's warm, moistened pussy. Drueta, already burning with excitement, moaned with wanton pleasure.

"As the new King, I have the right to enjoy myself, don't you think, Jarrod?"

"Yes my Lord. When Princess Maya is gone, there will be no doubt that you are the rightful King."

After ten minutes of agitated fucking, Ethan was already on the brink of orgasm. Drueta was clasping her vaginal muscles around the Lord's cock, doing her best to pleasure him while she moved her fists in and out of Lia's holes. Lia was unable to think clearly from the blissful penetrations and just moaned in synchrony with Drueta's motions.

Ethan couldn't hold it any longer and came inside Drueta's pussy with a grunt. He retrieved his smeared phallus when he was done ejaculating. 

Drueta felt a few drops of sperm leaking from her pussy and she shivered at the possibility of getting pregnant with the new King's progeny. 

"It was good..." Ethan said, almost out of breath.

"Did I please you, my Lord?" Drueta asked, already knowing the answer.

A moment later, Drueta's attention focused on Lia as the blonde's pussy and ass clenched hard around her fists. Lia was reaching an orgasm. Drueta kept wiggling her arms inside of her friend's body until the trembling woman crumbled forward onto the bed. 

At that instant, an emissary entered the room and delivered an important message, "The slave trader has arrived, my Lord."

Lord Nogard pulled up his pants and proceeded to meet the visitor. The money he was going to obtain from selling the Princess to slavery would be more than enough to pay for an army and secure the throne for himself. Then he would deal with the northern creatures if they dare to attack the city.

"It is better if the slave trader doesn't see me, My Lord," Jarrod said, "I've heard that he doesn't like wizards very much. Please make sure that you get enough money to feed a large army. We will need it to defend the city. There is no point of being the King if there are no subjects to rule."

"This guy has been obsessed with my cousin since she came of age," Ethan responded, "When he heard that the King was dead, he contacted me immediately. I am going to make him pay a fortune for Maya."

As soon as the Lord left the room, the girls knelt in front of Jarrod, showing their devotion to him and exhibiting who was their true Master.

"Good girls. Are you ready for a real fucking?" Jarrod asked.

"Yes, Master." The women answered in unison.

*****

Princess Maya was being held captive in the dungeons beneath the royal castle. Her golden tiara was still attached to her blond hair while she was forced to wear a very sexy clothing that barely covered her breasts. Her slim, sexy body had to be visible to have a better effect on the slave trader.

A large troll, about two meters tall and carrying a fat belly, was blocking the door. Lord Nogard's orders were that the princess was not allowed to leave under any circumstances.

The princess was fully aware of her cousin's intentions to sell her and she also knew about the imminent invasion of the northern creatures. The news about the death of her father and brother had been too much for her and she had given up fighting. She had decided to sacrifice herself and let her cousin become King. At least he would be able to lead an army and defend the city from the monsters.

Anais, the princess' main escort, was trying to convince her otherwise, "My Princess, you can't let him do this to you. He has no right. You are the rightful heir to the throne."

"I know Anais, but the soldiers won't follow me, an inexperienced young woman, to battle against the invading creatures. This is the best decision for the sake of the people."

"But the people loves you. You know that any men would follow you anywhere. All you have to do is ask."

Anais had witnessed firsthand the effect that Princess Maya caused on males since she became a teenager. It was something unnatural, arising men libido to levels of insanity. Only her status of royalty had kept her safe all these years. Anais also was aware of the terrors that awaited Maya once she became the property of the slave trader. There was no way that she was going to let it happen and she had a plan.

*****

Drueta and Lia were always amazed to see Jarrod's cock enlarge at will. The wizard had the ability to make his phallus grow as long as he wanted and the slaves had learned it the hard way; nonetheless, they loved him for this. Drueta shyly touched the penis as it doubled in size.

"Don't just stare at it. Kiss it," Jarrod said.

Drueta was aware that her duty was more than a simple kiss. She extended her warm tongue, touching the tip, savoring the moment before swallowing the whole member. Lia still needed to learn from her friend's expertise and she moved to the side to have a better view.

The brunette opened her mouth wide and was barely able to pass the cock's head between her lips. Then, very slowly, she started to move forward, pushing the phallus down her throat. Her pussy was twitching incessantly and she almost climaxed when her nose was nearly touching Jarrod's belly.

"That's good my pet. You become better every day," Jarrod said with a smile of satisfaction.

Lia watched wide-eyed, looking at the base of the wizard's cock, then at Drueta's distended neck,  It must be reaching half way down to her belly!"  she thought.

Jarrod fucked Drueta's mouth for a while. Gagging sounds mixed with muffled moans as gobs of saliva dribbled to the floor. A few more minutes and he would make her cum; such was her joy of sucking his cock. But he had other plans...

"I will fuck your pussy now Lia. Are you lubricated enough?" Jarrod asked, looking at the slave.

"Yes, Master! My pussy is yearning for your cock," Lia responded with evident excitement.

Drueta moved to the side, a little disappointed that he didn't let her climax, but she knew that her moment would come. Jarrod had more than enough stamina for both of them.

Lia laid on the bed and spread her legs wide. Jarrod grabbed the slim woman's hips and lifted her body until her pussy was aligned with his cock. The massive phallus was even thicker than Drueta's fists and just seemed too big to fit.

But this was not Lia's first time and after a little pushing, his phallus penetrated her. The bewildered woman screamed in bliss as Jarrod entered her body, almost splitting her in half. Then he began ravishing her like a fuck toy.

"You love being my pet, don't you?" Jarred asked. But Lia was so overwhelmed, that she just grunted a couple of times trying to form words that never came out.

Drueta couldn't just sit there and watch. Her body was burning with arousal. She straddled Lia's head and pulled her friend's face to her crotch, "Please, let me join you Master. I can't wait any longer."

"I can see that you are hornier than usual," Jarrod said, allowing her the forwardness.

Lia's mind was a roller-coaster of bliss but she was always ready to suck Drueta's pussy. She acted almost by pure instinct, shoving her tongue as deep as she could while her head was trapped between her friend's thighs.

The brunette had gotten so excited giving her Master such a deep blow-job, that it only took her a couple of minutes to explode in climax. Her body jolted with uncontrollable spasms after waves of pleasure cursed from her pussy to her dazzled brain.

And Lia wasn't far behind. When Drueta's pussy gushed into her mouth, her own orgasm rippled through her body. Her vaginal muscles clamped her Master's cock repeatedly while her head thrashed violently between her friend's trembling legs.

When Drueta moved to the side, recovering from her orgasm, Jarrod let Lia's feeble body melt to the bed below. Then he spoke to the experienced woman, knowing that she was desperately craving for his cock, "You are next, my dear. Your body and mine will become one."

Drueta understood the meaning of this and her heart jolted with pure joy, "Yes, Master! I am ready!!"

Lia crawled out of way while Drueta knelt in front of her Master, facing away from him and offering her ass. Jarrod aimed his cock at her anus and pressed slightly, teasing the anxious girl before possessing her.

"Please do it Master. Push your cock inside of me until I am one with you."

Drueta opened her mouth wide, yet she remained silent, focused on the staggering feeling of the massive phallus stretching her rectum and pushing her insides to make way. The huge cock reached far within the girl's tight cavity and then it stopped. It was time for the real magic to take place.

"Now we shall become one," Jarrod said, spreading her hands.

A strange colorful energy began to emanate from Jarrod's fingers, surrounding Drueta's lower body. The woman trembled as her mind became empty of thought and her body began to loosen up. The brunette's pussy jerked continuously as if she was already climaxing.

"Oh my God! I wish it was me..." Lia thought. She also knew the meaning of 'becoming one'. 

Lia was staring attentively at her Drueta's face. Not because her eyes were completely rolled back but because her mouth was wide open, easing the way. Lia was waiting. The bond would be complete any second now. A moment later, Drueta's moaning turned into a guttural growl.

"I can hear it coming," Lia exclaimed with exhilaration.

A stream of transparent fluids preceded the large phallus as it emerged from Drueta's mouth! The brunette was in a state of trance, unaware of anything but the cock that filled every bit of her body and every corner of her mind. Now she was one with her Master and nothing could feel better than that.

Lia watched with amazement as her Master's cock dangled inches from her face, then she heard him say, "You will swallow my seed, Lia."

"Yes Master. Thank you for allowing me this pleasure," the blond responded.

The long, thick phallus projected further from Drueta's mouth and approached Lia's face. She licked the tip with pleasure, savoring the moment before swallowing it whole, just like Drueta did before.

Lia gagged briefly as the big appendage reached the back of her throat but then she leaned forward, begging her Master to push it deeper. Jarrod granted her wish and soon his cock had almost reached her stomach.

The wizard wasted no time and after teasing Lia for a couple of minutes, he discharged the first load of cum into her belly, filling her completely. Some of the sperm forced its way out between the crevices of Lia's stretched lips and the fat cock. But not all of it escaped and after a few more squirts, the blonde's lower abdomen was visibly enlarging from the huge amount of fluid being pumped inside.

Lia was on the brink of orgasm from the knowledge that it was her Master's seed that stuffed her so utterly.

When Jarrod was done ejaculating, he pulled his cock from Lia's body in one rough motion. The long rod passed swiftly between her lips and this triggered the blond's second climax. Her violent spasms caused the excess of sperm to erupt from her open mouth like a fountain.

As Jarrod's cock returned to its regular size, it passed all the way through Drueta's body until it finally came free and the woman, who had been in a non-stop climax since the cock first penetrated her, collapsed onto the bed. The trance was broken. The first coherent thought in Drueta's mind was a desire to do it again, "More... please give me more."

Meanwhile, the thick sperm was still spilling from Lia's mouth as she came down from her mind-blowing orgasm.

"Be a good friend and share it with Drueta," Jarrod commanded.

Lia nodded and then leaned over Drueta's face, letting her Master's semen spill into the brunette's welcoming mouth.

"Good girls. Entertain yourselves while I attend more important business," Jarrod said, getting dressed. Then he left the room.

*****

Anais was determined to help the Princess escape and she put her plan in motion. She grabbed Maya's hand. "Please come with me my Princess. Stand over here."

When Maya realized that they were walking towards the large troll, she objected, "What are you doing Anais? This guard is dangerous. He is a brute. He acts without thinking."

The guard saw them approaching and he lifted his hand saying, "Princess stays inside. Lord's orders."

Anais purposely placed Maya near the brute and in a matter of minutes the effect of the Princess closeness became evident. The guardian's cock enlarged to full erection.

The escort's plan couldn't be more simple. She stood right in front of the brute, grabbed her breasts and said, "Hello handsome, your name is Gork right? You know that we have been in here for a few days now and I miss the company of my man. Maybe you can help me with that. I can see that your cock is ready for me."

Gork looked down at the sexy woman with stupid grin on his face, "Eh?"

Maya was astounded by her escort's behavior. She knew that Anais was not a virgin but she wasn't a promiscuous woman. In fact, she had little experience regarding sex. Something very wrong was happening here, "Anais, what has gotten into you? Stop this!!"

Ignoring the Princess, Anais looked up at the guard with sensual eyes while she pulled her skirt down, "Since we will be in here for a while, why don't we have some fun. Just you and me. The Princess won't go anywhere."

The guard was boiling with excitement. Touching the Princess meant certain death but her escort Anais was a different story; she meant nothing to anybody. She was so pretty and she was offering herself to him. 

Maya worried that she was to blame for what was going on, Am I causing this? I know men get crazy around me but Anais too? This had never happened before.

Anais went down on her knees and gently caressed the brute's cock. The large member was pulsating between the girl's hands. Every touch of her trembling fingers sent waves of increasing pleasure to Gork's tiny brain.

"Anais is pretty... But Gork is on duty", the brute said, pushing his cock a bit forward.

Seeing the huge phallus up close, Anais had second thoughts, Gods! His cock is getting even bigger. I'm not sure I can pull this off... But I must! 

Maya begged her best friend to regain her senses, "Anais, don't do this. He is going to hurt you!"

After massaging his cock for a couple of minutes, Anais stood up and turned around. Then she sexily bent forward offering her slender body to the massive guardian. She was breathing heavily, mostly from fear than from excitement but she was not backing out. It was her responsibility to protect the Princess at all costs.

The brute was hesitant but his basic instincts were kicking in, "Gork will be punished if doing this... but Anais is pretty."

"I am here for you big boy. Fuck me!" Anais insisted.

"Please Anais, for the love of the Gods, let's get back in the cell," Maya said, grabbing her escort's arm.

At that moment, Gork reached out and touched Anais's buttocks. She was warm and tender. Not even in his dreams he would be able to fuck a woman so pretty and sexy. The tip of his phallus touched the warm pussy lips and his cock jerked with need. He had to fuck her. 

"Come on honey, don't make me wait," Anais said, hiding her fear.

Maya felt miserable, She is not listening to me. She is really doing this... and it is my fault.

Anais gasped and shuddered when she felt the brute's cock touching her sensitive labia. Her heart was beating fast and for some reason that she couldn't understand, her pussy twitched too. She was getting wet.

Unable to restrain himself, the brute grabbed Anais's hips and forcefully pulled her back, shoving his entire phallus into the woman's body. Anais grunted loudly from the deep penetration as her small cavity was stretched to the limit. Pleasure and pain battled in her brain, confusing her and making it hard to think coherently, but she had survived the first stroke and at this moment, it was the only thing that mattered.

He is in! He is inside me!  Anais yelled in her mind.

The brute moved the woman's entire body back and forth as he waved his hips in the opposite direction, pulling his cock out and shoving it back in with increasing toughness. Anais moaned and grunted with the motions as her breasts jiggled on her chest and her head bobbed wildly above her shoulders.
