 The dragon; a creature of unmatched fierceness, greed and cunning. Many have lost their lives in the hunt for these ancient beings, but this does little to deter those of stout heart and thick head, such as the person featured in the following tale.

First steps.

A lone figure could be seen steadily trudging up a path of messily hewn, orange rock that formed between two flawlessly smooth, icy blue wave-like structures that almost obliterated any sign of the melancholy grey sky overhead.

Draped in heavy unisex steel armour with rounded joints, a flat torso, spiked shoes and a helmet that looks like little more than a large thumbtack with a slit stabbed for the eyes.

The figure would continue its trudging pace for another three hours with only the sound of metal grating rock for company, before abruptly stopping before a small indentation in the smooth walls, raising an armoured left hand to push the helmet back, letting it hang by a clasp attached to the back of her armour, and it was definitely a her-with long fiery orange hair tucked into the back of her armour and pulled back from a distinctly feminine, ivory skinned face set with strong, curving cheekbones and a slender jawline she left all the impression of an angry lioness as her piercing green eyes glared at runic markings in the wall, her pouty lips thinned out in a grimace that betrayed a deep loathing for what would come next. 

Domain of the beast.

Without pulling her helm back up she pressed the flat of her right hand against the runic carvings, letting a soft heat envelop her arm before erupting at her fingertips with a soft sizzling sound that melted away the carvings and caused the crystal-like substance to shimmer slightly, slowly fading off like fog in a strong wind until all that stood in her way was a dark, cavernous hole that spewed out a scent-less hot steam that plastered her hair to her face and gave her ivory skin a damp sheen. 

With a heaving sigh she flicks her helm back on and begins to walk with a cautious gait into the cavern, her right hand hugging the hot, damp wall whilst her left juts out in front of her, small sparks escaping the ends of her armoured fingers to bundle into her palm like an ever shifting electric flower, casting almost no luminescence but giving the Battle Mage a sense of confidence... A sense of confidence that is abruptly stricken from her as the ground collapses under her, eliciting a high pitched shriek to escape her throat whilst the sparking flower in her hand vanishes.

She's cast into impenetrable darkness-not that it mattered much for her eyes were squeezed tight with the expectation of a hard landing, that came true faster than she had imagined as she lands on her chest with a loud thud that echoes through the underground cavern, luckily her magickally reinforced armour had shielded her from the blow, leaving her with little more than a light headache, and even that disappears as her eyes adjust to the dim lighting.

She was surrounded by a variable treasure trove, pushed to the sides of the roughly carved, orange hued rectangular room were various golden coins from different nations, large gilded cups, numerous swords of the finest quality and more than a fair speckling of precious gems. 

She pushed herself up slowly with a soft groan, more from the greed overtaking her soul than the fact she had easily fallen two stories to reach her current destination.

She remained on her hands and knees, too stunned to push her visor back.. An act she would regret not doing earlier as a sudden, and vicious ringing began echoing throughout her helm, she could only assume something had struck her and when she pulls the helmet off roughly with a shaking right hand she's proven right.

Standing over the rattled Battle Mage was a woman, at an easy 6 and a half feet tall she would of dwarfed most males back in her village, and when that fact was coupled with her perky D cup breasts with small pink nipples, delicately angled facial features, full pink lips and flawless white skin that held a fiery flush throughout-well, she was a knockout.. 

That was, she would be if not for the fact that only her chest, neck, face and the inner of her thighs and biceps weren't coated in fine, reddish brown scales, but the scales didn't hold the Mages attentions, nor did her black, curved talons decorating her slender fingers, nor even the small backward curving horns or large folded wings behind her back, or even the heavily muscled scaled tail swishing violently behind her. 

Nope, the Mages attention was pretty much centred on the other tail that was hanging limp between her thighs, the tip already brushing against her scaled knees. 

Ignoring the unexpected cock, and before the Dragoness could strike her again she rolled onto her back and kicked herself onto her feet, instantly following through with a heavy punch directed to the Dragoness's solar plexus.

The punch was easily deflected by a casual swipe of the Dragoness's tail, the movement followed through by a punch of her own that landed cleanly on the side of the Mages head, causing her to fall over sideways.

The hit heightened her headache and caused a hot anger to well up inside her, followed abruptly by a sparking heat that hit the armour around her, bouncing back into her frame to be magnified in the next burst.

She directed this energy to her left arm, causing it to tingle and burn unpleasantly as she twisted in her fall, pushing herself off with her right foot and lunging towards the Dragoness her left arm swung in a sideways arc.

The Dragoness easily jumped out of the way, an act the Mage was hoping for.

Twisting her hand towards her chest she used her right hand to release a clasp in her elbow joint, letting the metal fall to the ground with a crash whilst a burst of blue and purple sparks erupted from the hole like a thousand tiny needles, the sparks hit the soft flesh of the Dragoness's stomach but did little more than crease soft flesh upon impact. 

The Dragoness's return strike was more successful, with a bound that launched her over the lunging Battle Mage she thrust her right hand down in a vicious downward swipe, leaving the back of the Mages armour in tatters.

The Mage would respond by hitting the ground heavily, her torso now freed of the heavy metal, she lithely rolls onto her back and onto her feet, the motion revealing sweat streaked skin a touch lighter than her face decorated by hand filling B cups with perky nipple.

The lack of upper garments didn't seem to faze the Mage as she launched forwards with a series of rapid jabs directed to the Dragoness's stomach.

But it definitely seemed to have an effect on the Dragoness, even as she ducked and weaved effortlessly her eyes were drawn like magnets to the intruders breasts, her cock reacting by thickening slowly, the exertion of the fight hindering its progress slightly. 

The Dragoness suddenly rises up from a low dodge, her horns hitting the Mages solar plexus with enough force to send her a few feet into the air before landing on her ass with a loud "oof!" The wind knocked out of her and her senses clouded, she didn't see the Dragoness as she leapt forwards and neatly rapped her knuckles against the side of the Mages head, knocking her out.

An unorthodox finishing move.

The first thing she would notice as she came to was a pale light behind her closed lids, the second would be a distinct weakening of her limbs that coaxed her into slowly opening her eyes.

She was lying spread eagled on her back on the floor of a smoothly cut, grey rock room that seemed of no import beyond the glowing blue jewels that coated the roof in the pattern of a blooming rose.

She groaned at this and rolled onto her stomach, her limbs heavy and her thoughts moving sluggishly.

So I'm still underground... In a room with a magick seal on the roof and a human dragon hybrid nearby. Hoorah.

She slowly pushed herself up onto her hands and knees, the act allowing her to notice for the first time that she was now completely devoid of armour, her long shaved legs and her similarly shaved pussy exposed to the cold air, this fact seemed to do little more than aggravate her, coaxing her into rising onto wobbly legs.. 

And falling down flat on her ass as she finally notices the Dragoness standing in the far corner of the room, her tail curled lightly around her left thigh whilst her right hand was resting above her crotch, a scaled index finger slowly sliding along the growing hardness of her cock.

She feebly tries to back away as the Dragoness begins taking slow, measured strides towards her, her right hand lowering to cup the smooth orbs of her tennis ball sized balls in her hand, the act coaxing her cock to grow even larger, standing at least 14 inches long and two wide in its erect state it caused the Mage to cringe inwardly, the last remaining vestiges of her strength fast fading.

The Dragoness's lips quirk up into a mocking smile as her left hand roughly tangles through the Mages hair, forcing her head close to her almost erect cock, the Mage in return squirmed weakly, her hands gripping the scaled flesh of her captors wrists loosely whilst the thick animalistic musk of the Dragoness filled her senses and caused her mouth to water, despite the fact every rational part of her brain was screaming in protest, even if all that escaped her was a pitiful whimpering.

A whimpering that grew louder as the hot shaft of the Dragoness's cock was pressed against the left side of her face, the veins noticeably throbbing under the velvety skin.

Despite her mental protests the Mages arousal was slowly growing, the cock in front of her was easily the largest she had ever seen and its smell was like nothing she had ever imagined, animalistic yet distinctly human and tinged with sweet spices that caused her stomach to tighten and thighs to quiver.

These facts slowly ceased her mental protests as the thick shaft was rubbed against her face, causing her to do little more than open her mouth weakly at the feel of the spongy head sliding down her forehead and left cheek.

Her head was forcibly tilted back by the Dragoness's grip in her hair, forcing her to stare up into the beautiful face of her captor even as she felt the thick tip forcing her jaws to spread painfully wide.

An intriguing taste fills her mouth, tasting simultaneously spicy yet strikingly sweet and oddly salty.

The taste over-rides the smell and causes her head to spin, her thoughts only able to centre after a particularly hard yank of her hair that forces her head up and her eyes to be locked onto the neatly trimmed hairs at the base of the cock in her mouth.

"Suck, now." The voice was from the Dragoness, it was distinctly feminine and laced with a threatening undertone that argued no hesitation from the Mage despite the surprise her speech caused.

She begins suckling rhythmically on the tip of the cock inside her mouth, her tongue swirling against the tip before curling around the shaft and teasing the underside of the thick tool as the Dragoness begins to force her head down.

The Dragoness pauses for only a moment as the tip hits the entrance of her tight throat, the motion coaxing a small gagging sound to escape the Mage.

The soft sound is abruptly followed by loud gagging and choking noises as she feels her head pushed down violently, the thick cock visibly stretching out her tight throat.

The gagging and choking noises grow in intensity as the Dragoness begins pumping her hips into the Mages throat, the motions coating the thick shaft in a shiny layer of saliva in the process. 

This continues for almost five minutes, the Mages tongue wrapping around and stroking the shaft whilst in return the Dragoness thrusts harder and faster into her throat, using it as little more than a warm sex toy.

At the end of the five minutes the Mage feels her hair being pulled roughly and her nose brushing against the trimmed pubic hair of the Dragoness's crotch as the Dragoness tightens her grip and thrusts forwards, hilting herself inside the Mages throat for little over a second before filling her stomach directly with burning hot, thick cum.

The Mage lets out a muffled moan against the cock in her mouth at the oddly pleasant feeling of being filled, she regrets the moan a few moments later though as she feels her vision darkening, her air cut off around the massive, cumming cock.

Almost a minute would pass before she feels the cock sliding out of her throat and the hand tangled through her hair loosen.

The end effect of this causes her to land heavily onto the hard ground, her chest heaving with panting breaths and her stomach filled to the point of bloating as the hot cum churns uncomfortably inside her.

Her reprieve is short lived however as the Dragoness kneels over her face, the giant tool almost pressing against her lips as it drips a mixture of saliva and hot cum over the Mages face.

This coaxes out a humiliated groan at the new position from the Mage before she sticks out her tongue to lap at the underside of the Dragoness's tool, hoping to keep her captor happy until her powers return. 

The licks coax soft moans from the Dragoness, urging a response the Mage was dreading. 

With a single lithe motion her hands are pressed against the Mages shoulders, using them as a balance point so she can swing herself between the Mages legs. 

The Mage lets out an involuntary moan at the feeling of the Dragoness's left hand lowering to squeeze her right breast roughly, the scaled fingers digging into the flesh, kneading it in slow massaging motions whilst the talons leave light red markings along her ivory flesh.

The pleasure of this had lowered her guard enough for the Dragoness to slide the back of her right hand lightly down her dampened nether lips, coaxing yet another moan from the Mages mouth as her legs spread instinctually, her eyes closed tight and arms held out in an effort to grip the rock beneath her.

The Dragoness presses her assault; leaning over the moaning Mage she closes her lips over her perky left nipple, teasing the flesh lightly before letting her tongue flick against the tip of it.

Whilst she's doing this her left hand begins to massage and roll the Mages right breast with the palm of her hand, the combination of pleasures causing the Mage to writhe slightly whilst louder moans escape her throat. 

The moans don't cease even as the Dragoness shifts her right hand to let her saliva and cum covered cock rub against the puffed up and damp pussy lips of the Mage.

On the contrary her moaning becomes almost constant with her heavy breathing despite the fact her hands shift to press against the Dragoness's shoulder, half-heartedly trying to push her away.

In response to the Mages protests the Dragoness slides her hips back, coating the Mages pussy in her cooling cum (the saliva having already been rubbed off to coat the Mages face, lower stomach and pussy) and letting the tip press against her delicate slit in the process.

This coaxes a soft whimper to escape the Mage moments before it turns into a low moan, her fingers now digging into the Dragoness's shoulders as her breasts are fondled and her pussy spreads wide over the Dragoness's cock, letting it slip easily within her slick folds.

The Dragoness doesn't waste any time being gentle after the initial penetration, instead she straightens up over the Mage, her hands resting on the others stomach to keep her down whilst she begins to slowly slide her cock out of the Mages pussy to the tip before slamming it back in hard.

She repeats this process for over a minute with hardening thrusts, the Mages small frame bouncing under her as her fingers dig uselessly into the hard rock and loud, pain tinged moans escape her throat.

A heightening of pleasure rises in the Dragoness's stomach, warning her of her impending orgasm and coaxing her into shifting her hands to rest on the bottom of the Mages thighs.

Lifting the Mages hips up so she can thrust harder and faster into her violated pussy.

In return the Mage wraps her legs tightly around the Dragoness's waist, stopping her body from bouncing as her inner depths squeeze and milk her cock as she thrusts mercilessly into her small frame.

Her own orgasm rises quickly through her before the Dragoness's, she screams out in ecstasy, her back arching whilst her head tilts back, nudging into the rocky ground. 

Partway through the Mages orgasm The Dragoness lets out a soft growl and hilts herself within her pussy, her cock thickening before pumping rope after rope of thick, scalding hot cum into her, filling her pussy and womb to the point that the Mage looks almost pregnant, thick streams of cum mixed with feminine juices leaking onto the floor under their forms.

Their joint orgasm goes on for almost ten minutes before the Dragoness collapses on top of the Mage, her hands loosely wrapping under the smaller woman's head. 

In return to this the Mage blushes a dark crimson and rolls out from under the collapsed Dragoness, the motion causing her claws to rake down her left cheek, leaving three thin scratches that slowly leak a thin, sanguine trail down her jawline and the left side of her neck.

The Mage doesn't seem to notice this as she straightens up and raises her right hand to comb her fingers through her tangled and partially cum-coated hair.

With a soft sigh she kneels down by the Dragoness and carefully tugs out three large scales just above her ass.

Then with a movement born of lethargy due to the magic seal above her coupled with her cum filled stomach and womb she begins waddling down a small pathway set in the wall.

All caution is gone as she follows her instincts to the upper levels and begins her long walk home, pussy still dripping hot dragon cum and armour still missing-one last thought crosses her mind before she leaves the dark cavern.

 If Mistress doesn't like these scales she's "slaying" the next dragon herself...