 (This is a story that has been stuck in my head all week, and the only way for me to get it out is just to get it on paper. I freely admit that this is out of my comfort zone, but just have to do it. Be gentle with the comments.)

*

Tastol Kydaer gave a soft yet heavy sigh as he looked over the cliff. He could see so much from this vantage point, one of his favorites. It was a place he always came to think and reflect, two things he found himself doing a lot lately.

It wasn't too hard to understand why he did such things though, for Tastol was far from ordinary, and even among the extraordinary he was a rare breed.

Tastol was a chosen of the gods, marked so by Bahamut, the god of the good dragons. The fact that he was a chosen was usually good enough to stand out in any crowd, but to be a human, chosen by Bahamut, that was a true rarity. The deity was known to have dragons as his greatest champions and chosen, and only on very rare occasions did he ever choose a member of another race to champion his cause.

Being chosen came with a gift, though some considered it a curse. Every being that was chosen and marked by their god was naturally immortal. They would age to their prime, but never beyond that. They were and would always be eternally young until they were slain.

Tastol bowed his head as he reflected for what must have been the thousandth time on his life and his past. As he always did when he got thinking about such things, he rose to his feet and turned around and walked towards the opening before him. He wasn't even really looking where he was going as he walked confidently through the large passageway.

As always happened when he walked this path though, Tastol stopped when he came to the main chamber, a small smile coming to his face as he saw her. Silvara was doing what she normally did when the pair weren't on this adventure or that, lounging upon her hoard.

Silvara was the reason why Tastol was considered so exceptional. Not only was he a human chosen by Bahamut, as shown by the crescent moon birthmark that spanned the full of his back, but he was also a dragon rider.

Tastol had finished the initiation rights a few moons before his twentieth birthday, and as part of the final ritual, he was brought into the hatchery, for there was but one thing left to see, which dragon hatched on his birthday, thus being his first mount.

It had been two hundred years since that day, the day Tastol watched Silvara hatch from her egg. That fact alone was another oddity about the pair. For Tastol, unlike so many riders, never made the mistake of forgetting who the true master of the relationship was. Too many dragons thought themselves the masters of their dragons, and when their dragon grew old enough, it simply left it's rider, forcing him to start anew with another hatchling.

Among dragons, Silvara was an adult, had been for eighty years. She was stronger, faster, and smarter than Tastol, yet the pair treated each other as equals. Tastol respected her want for a lair, the place he was currently staying. He also respected her desire for a hoard, and ensured that she was given half, if not more, of every reward or treasure trove they came across.

Tastol's violet eyes almost seemed to glaze over as he simply leaned against the wall, admiring her as she rested so.

"Copper for your thoughts?"

The words, softly spoken in his head brought Tastol's gaze up. "Come again?" He asked using the same telepathy she had, one of the many gifts granted by the bond between a dragon and it's rider.

"You only look at me like that when something is on your mind."

Tastol let a soft chuckle slip from his lips as he moved forward, watching as Silvara's head lifted and turned to him, fixing her violet gaze upon his.

A long moment passed between the pair as Tastol approached, showing no fear of his closest friend as he moved to stand beside her, lifting a hand to gently pat her side. He noticed that she was a bit warmer than usual, but he simply shook it off as he turned to look into her eyes.

"I don't know how you do it, all of you." Tastol began, a small smile coming to his lips as he looked into the eyes that were the same shade of violet as his own. "You live for so long. How do you remember it all?"

It was Silvara's turn to laugh, though it was more a snort of something close to derision.

"Bigger heads." Silvara said in his mind, lifting her tail to graze lightly over his temple as he laughed at her joke.

Without hesitating at all, Tastol turned and sat down, leaning against the pile of gold that she rested upon.

"Two hundred years Silv...I've been alive for over two hundred years." Tastol shook his head as he tried once more to remember some of the finger details. He could recall the big events of course, but the smaller one's eluded him more often than not.

Silvara looked at Tastol for the longest time, just studying him before she finally spoke. "We spend a lot of time in solitude. Dragons only fight when they have to, to hunt, to protect, or to expand our territories."

Tastol simply nodded, knowing that even though he was older than she was, Silvara was by far the smarter of the two. She could comprehend things that he could barely fathom, and the passage of such time was one of them. He was human, not even meant to live a century, let alone two.

"Thanks Silv." Tastol said softly, pushing himself to his feet once more. His head bowed as he headed back the way he'd come, moving towards the entrance of the lair.

As he exited the lair, he moved to where he'd been before, sitting at the edge of landing. Tastol let his gaze turn to the west, watching as the sun slowly dipped towards the horizon. How long he sat there, silently reflecting, he didn't know.

Though he felt her coming, Tastol didn't move from his seat, didn't even turn.

"The moon will be full tonight. Good night for flying if you're interested."

As he heard the words in his mind, Tastol felt Silvara's head move to rest upon his shoulder. He lifted his arm, encircling her neck as she moved a bit forward, clearly having anticipated the action. "I'd love to Silv." He said softly once more as he leaned his head against the soft scales of her neck.

The pair remained like that for a few moments before Tastol backed away from the edge, feeling Silvara move away to give him room to do so. He turned to her, noticing her turning and tucking her wings back and down, even propping her leg just so. He moved towards her, lifting his hands up to her back as he boot one booted foot on her leg. A quick push from each of them lifted him onto her back, and as was second nature, he scooted himself high on her back, right to the base of her neck. His arms moved to wrap around her neck.

No sooner did his arms secure his seat, than Tastol felt Silvara give a single beat of her powerful wings, pushing them into the air.

As the pair flew, almost gliding lazily in the sky over the mountain that served as their home, Tastol felt at peace. Something about flying with Silvara almost helped put his mind at ease, and he didn't doubt for a second that it was why she'd suggested the flight in the first place.

The only downside of the flight though, came in the motion itself. Every beat of her powerful wings jostled his position just slightly, and the motion caused his crotch to slide against the base of her neck. The motion caused his manhood to swell, no matter how hard he tried to stop it. He was sure that Silvara could feel it, feel the hardness against her scales, but she never mentioned it, and this time was no exception.

When at long last Silvara decided to head back to the ground, for Tastol never commanded it of her if she felt the need to fly, he slipped slowly from her back, turning towards the cave entrance once more.

The pair didn't speak much after their flight, and Tastol was heading towards the bed that they'd set up for him in a corner of her lair, thinking about turning in early.

"Have you ever given any thought to taking a mate?

The question caught Tastol by surprise and actually stopped him in his tracks. He turned back to her, expecting to see the gesture on her face that was as close as a dragon could come to a smile. What he saw though, was a seriousness that surprised him.

"Many a time Silv." Tastol said at last. "And I even tried for a while when you were still a hatchling." As he spoke, Tastol started to walk towards her. The look in her violet eyes showed a curiosity of sorts, and Tastol continued. "There was always a problem though, a problem with every woman I tried with." Tastol actually scoffed as his head bowed briefly.

"They were all jealous of you Silv. They said I spent too much time with you, and that I didn't pay enough attention to them." Tastol shrugged then and moved to sit before her, his eyes finding hers as he continued. "That and the fact that I knew I would probably outlive them. I don't know if I could bear the thought of watching somebody else grow old and die like that, while I stayed so young."

"What about you Silv? You ever think about taking a mate of your own?"

Silvara's gaze seemed to soften as he inquired of her the same thing she'd asked him. In the end though, she simply shook her head. "Dragons bound to a rider never take mates.

"And do you regret that bond?" Tastol asked without even thinking. The moment he said it, but what he saw in her eyes helped ease his fears, especially when her large head shook once more.

"Some think us weaker for it, but we know different don't we?

Silvara's words brought a big smile to Tastol's face, a smile accompanied by a full bellied laugh. "Yeah Silv, yeah we do."

As he laughed, Tastol saw as Silvara lifted herself off of her hoard, watched as she moved towards him and stepped over him. He wondered briefly what she had in mind until she laid down behind him, one of her front feet on either side of him. He realized what she had in mind as he leaned back, leaning against her chest, sighing softly. He noticed once more how warm she was.

"You feel warm Silv. Is everything alright?" Tastol asked softly, lifting his head to see hers as she looked down at him.

What Tastol saw in Silvara's violet gaze was something he didn't expect. There was a tenderness there, a certain vulnerability that he'd never seen before. "Not wrong, just uncomfortable.

Tastol's gaze must have shown his confusion, because Silvara continued shortly after. "A problem not dissimilar to the one you have when we fly. The directness of Silvara's words made Tastol's face flush a bright red. He immediately made to stand up, but one of Silvara's front feet moved to stop him.

"Silv...I..." Tastol started to protest.

"How long has it been Tastol, how long since you were with a a woman?"

Silvara's question distracted Tastol briefly from his struggles against her. "More years than I can remember." He said at last, his head bowing with the realization.

"All those years with not but self satisfaction, and you would deny an offer from your closest friend?"

"I never denied...wait, what offer?" To say that Tastol was confused by Silvara's words was an understatement. He lifted his gaze to meet hers once more though, searching for confirmation to his suspicions about the meaning of her words. "What are you saying Silv?" He asked at last.

"I'm saying that I could help you, help you find release so that you don't have hide it or try to find it yourself when you think I'm asleep.

Those words made Tastol swallow hard, his face still flushed with embarrassment. "And why would you offer such a thing Silv?"

"Because Tastol, because there are times when I need help to. Mating season for a mature female dragon is a difficult and sometimes painful time."

"And you want me to...help you?"

The fact that Tastol didn't refuse her outright was a relief to Silvara. What she was both offering and asking could very easily scare him away, and that was not what she wanted.

"And what would Bahamut think, if he saw us...helping each other?"

Silvara's head lowered as Tastol asked that question. She let the scales of her cheek brush against his as her head rested lightly on his shoulder.

"You were chosen by him, and I was chosen for you. Is it not possible that he may have planned this from the start?

Tastol's head bowed once more at those words, and he made to rise to his feet once more. This time though, Silvara didn't stop him. He rose to his feet and let his mind roll with what she was saying. When he turned back to her, he saw her head on level with his, her violet eyes staring intently into his own. "I don't want to lose you Silv...but I..."

"One time perhaps?" Silvara offered up, even before he finished his objection. "One time, here, where nobody will see, on the first day of the full moon, and after tonight, I'll never ask it of you again, unless you want it.

Tastol lifted his hand to Silvara's cheek, staring long and hard into her eyes before finally nodding. "Okay Silv. I'll try it this once."

"Thank you Tastol. Silvara said softly, moving her head forward to let her cheek brush against his once more. "Why don't you get comfortable?"

Tastol turned towards the bedroll that he kept near Silvara's hoard. Even as he moved towards it, he couldn't help but feel a slight pang of curiosity at what they were about to do. He quickly stripped his shirt off, revealing his chiseled chest, broad shoulders, and wiry arms. His pants took a little longer though, and he had to turn away from Silvara as he did it. He knew she'd seen him naked many times before, mostly when they were bathing, but this time was different.

Once he was finally naked, Tastol moved to lay on his back, swallowing hard as he forced a few deep breaths from his body. He could once again feel Silvara approaching.

"Look at me Tastol." Though the words were soft, they left little room for argument. He opened his eyes to see Silvara standing, her head hovering above his semi hard manhood. He couldn't tear his violet gaze from hers, even as he watched that mighty head, filled with teeth that could rip him apart, dipping towards his most vulnerable place.

The sight of Silvara opening her jaws almost scared Tastol off, but just when he was ready to try and jump to his feet and dart off, he saw her forked tongue flick out. The feeling of that tongue, so warm and wet, flicking against his manhood was enough to elicit a sharp gasp from Tastol.

Tastol's entire body shook from that single touch. The quakes started and ended in his manhood, and almost before he realized it, Tastol felt himself growing harder, growing until it stood it's full nine inches. There existed no words to describe what Silvara did next. As he watched, Silvara's tongue flicked out again, this time though, it encircled his inch and a half girth, tightening around him and twisting, the motion causing a loud and unbridled moan.

As he laid there, helpless to stop her, Tastol watched as she kept her tongue like that, circled around him as she started to bob, stroking him with that tongue, so warm, wet, and perfect around him.

Tastol's eyes slipped closed once more, and as such, he was left completely unprepared for what came next. He felt her tongue sliding around him, tightening further. Moments after that, he felt the forked tip of her sinfully skilled tongue flicking at his tight and swollen sacks.

The stroking alone had been starting to get to Tastol, if only because of it's newness, but the feeling of the tip flicking against that most sensitive part of him was more than his beleaguered control could take. In a matter of seconds, Tastol went from feeling perfectly in control of himself, to feeling his entire form quaking as he grunted and groaned with his release.

Tastol's manhood gushed with his release, his hot seed gushing from him, coating the tongue that stroked him along with his own crotch and thighs. As he took that release, Tastol continued to vocally sound off with it, letting Silvara know, as if she didn't already, that he very much appreciated what she'd done.

When the last of his seed had been spilled, Tastol let his head fall to the side, his eyes opening once more. As he watched, his head tilted like that, he both saw and felt as Silvara's tongue slipped free from him. That same pleasurable tongue then dipped to his crotch, licking him clean of his seed

As Silvara's head lifted free of his crotch, Tastol became aware of the other half of what he'd promised. He watched as she moved up his body, her gaze holding his as she crawled over him. He swallowed hard, wondering how he was supposed to help her.

It wasn't until Silvara's belly was hovering over his head that Tastol saw it. It was hard to not notice. The lips of Silvara's sex were swollen with what he could only assume was her heat. He watched as she continued to move forward, moving until the lips of her sex was positioned directly over his face. He swallowed once more as he looked at her, seeing her so swollen with need, yet fearing that he would be unable to satisfy her.

As Silvara started to lower herself to him, Tastol opened his mouth, determined at least to try and please her as she'd pleased him. He'd done such a thing with a human female, and he could only hope that it was similar with a dragon.

Tastol noticed the difference between them immediately. The first press of his tongue against her swollen lips had him almost recoiling with how hot her sex was. It wasn't scalding hot, but it had caught him by surprise.

The most daunting and intimidating part of what he was about to do had to be the sheer size of her sex. Tastol flicked his tongue against her lips again, but doubted that even his skilled tongue, seemingly so small and insignificant in comparison, could possibly pleasure her.

The first purr that came from Silvara was a relieving sound, and it gave Tastol some confidence. He pushed his tongue past her swollen outer lips, uncaring for the juices of her sex that covered his lips and chin as he flicked that tongue against her inner lips. "Yes Tastol! Please yes!"

Those words, sounding off in his head continued to give Tastol confidence. His chin lifted and he pressed his tongue as far into her as he could, flicking, darting, and rolling here and there as he tried to touch and stimulate as much of her as he could.

Tastol's hands lifted to grip her hindquarters as best he could, pulling her down to assist him as he continued what he was doing. Silvara was anything but lacking in her approval of his efforts, especially when he dared to pull one of his hands back, pressing two of his fingers into her, mimicking as best he could what it would feel like to have somebody thrusting into her.

Silvara's continued reactions prompted Tastol to keep going, feeding a third finger into her as he continued to thrust his hand back and forth, his tongue now tracing around his penetrating fingers, working now for what he hoped was coming.

By this point, Tastol could feel Silvara pressing herself to his hand, moving and shifting her hips to meet the thrust of his fingers. Her juices were coating both his face and hand now, but Tastol didn't care. The heat of her core was tolerable, and her taste was different but alluring.

Harder and faster he thrust his fingers, his tongue still flicking at her flesh as he felt her sex getting hotter, and her muscles starting to clench around his fingers. "Yes! Gods yes! Don't stop! Please don't stop!"

Tastol redoubled his pace as he caught the telltale signs of her oncoming release. When it came though, it was still shocking. In a singular moment, Silvara's hips went from matching his pace to stopping completely, her entire body clenching and spasming as she let out a roar. The sound was almost deafening, echoing off the walls, but Tastol couldn't care less. He didn't even try to duck his head out of the way of her juices as they gushed out around his penetrating fingers. He even opened his mouth, taking as much of her release as he could, uncaring still as it coated so copiously his hand, face, and bedroll.
