 She could still see the scene vividly in her head. 

"Hey, are you still there?" Emeryl remarked with a faint smile, watching his little sister with arms wrapped behind his head. He knew he caught her daydreaming as they stood outside their home, discussing what chores remained for the day. Usually it was such a monotonous task to him that he rose with the sun and let her sleep in, but he did promise to help her around the house first before he set out to do what men do best, she felt. Fetching dinner for them was hardly a task meant for her. 

It was in the middle of the day when she realised she was staring off into the distance for too long, thinking about things that would have made maids blush, especially her. "Oh, was it that obvious?" she squeaked meekly before her brother as she felt her cheeks glow red with embarrassment. 

"Sometimes I wonder just how much sleep you get of late," Emeryl sighed, giving the hint of a yawn. Were she in a better mood she might have pulled him up on that, but the writing was on the wall as far as he was concerned. "By the way, you kept me awake last night, what with all the rummaging about I heard from your room. Didn't think those books you read made you that restless." he said. 

She nearly lost it at those words. "Were you spying on me?!" she gasped, eyes wide. 

Emeryl blinked like a startled deer at the thought. "I... what? I don't think-wait, what? Spying?" 

She was quick enough to realise he really had no idea. "Oh, nevermind..." she whispered to herself with an unsaid prayer of thanks, nervously patting away at her skirt. "You know what the say, right? The early worm-" 

"Can't set aside a good book if it's a feast for the eyes?" he shrugged, "Sometimes I wonder if you spend too much time with them. I mean, I don't think even mother was so concerned with them." 

"That's because she-" Emilya paused, realising the near slip. "I... I just happen to like them, 'is all. Is that so bad?" she smiled innocently to him. Guilt crept into her mind at the thought that even after all these years her precious brother still had a pure perception of her, trying his best to be the warrior in shining armour she dreamed about when she was a little girl. Growing up with that image in her head made him more charming than he ever ought to be to any sibling, trying to be what she came to realise years ago was a silly delusion... at least in a world where they did not belong. 

Still, he was indeed a fine warrior in her own mind. A little clueless at times, true, but- 

"So... I suppose I'll head off then?" he asked, as if he needed her approval. 

"Do bring back something scrumptious," she said, her smile lingering. 

"Right, no fish, then..." he said dejectedly. For all the years they spent together it was his favourite meat to hunt. Only problem was they ate it almost every day and she developed a certain loathing for having to cook it, no matter how many different recipes she used to try and spice the flavour with, usually with something favourably exotic. "Hmm... in that case, I'll fetch the axe and-" 

"Oh, no you don't!" she insisted, waving her hands at him. "You leave the chickens alone!" 

"Hey, I like their eggs as much as you do but-" 

"Then go shoot something in the forest!" she said with a glare that did little to hide the amusement bubbling in her voice. "Go, on, off with you!" she giggled, "You could use the practice anyway." 

"Yeah, yeah..." he rolled his eyes at her, fetching his spear where he laid it next to a tree earlier. Emilya imagined his bow and quiver were nearby, but they were hardly what rarely left his side. With eyes like his, she did not doubt he could pluck a hawk from the air with an instrument that was designed to catch fish, but he was smarter than that. He really did have an answer for everything. 

"Don't suppose you could catch us some rabbit?" Emilya asked with hope in her eyes. 

Emeryl frowned at that as he checked the old hunting dagger at his belt. "Emilya..." 

"I know... I know..." she pouted, "Too fluffy and cute for my dear brother to hunt..." 

"It's not that." he insisted gravely, "Weren't you listening the other night? I haven't seen any near the homestead in ages... or anywhere really. Something must have them spooked." 

"Foxes, perhaps?" she asked timidly, feeling the weight of her brother's words trouble her. 

"No. Can't you feel it?" Emeryl replied, putting his hand out between them., as if he were trying to read the wind. "I don't know what it is exactly but something's amiss. I think I'll scout around and, don't worry, I'll be back by nightfall. Stay close to the house and... you know the rest." 

She nodded with reluctance. "Be careful." 

The night was young yet Emilya could not help but fret. After remembering her brother's words earlier that day she paced within their home, looking for things to do. There was no sign of him, nothing to ease her mind. She did what he always told her and fastened the windows and doors, sealing herself within a bastion of commonplace. By Emeryl's own admission it was not exactly the most defensible position yet it was still the safest place in all Havenwood. No common beast could enter where she stood and she had everything she needed at her side to deter the lowliest of swine. 

Not that she ever imagined herself splitting heads with a lumbering axe, it was there just in case. 

Still, she could not help but fret. "Where are you, Ryl..." she whispered to herself, doing one last round about the house, making sure all the windows were shut tight. She had gathered plenty of wood by the fireplace, too, but dared not to light it. Though the evening had brought with it a chill she knew what it's real use was for in troubled times. Its warmth would have to wait. 

She stood before it for what felt like an eternity, cupping her hands together, head bowed. "Please..." she whispered, eyes closed for the Creator. "Bring my brother back home safe." 

That was when a revelation made her hairs stand on end to a nip in the air, an unfamiliar breeze mocking everything she worked towards that night. She gasped as she raced toward her bedroom, pushing aside her door to reveal her foolishness wide open before her, catching the cotton drapes that framed the only window in the house she forgot to check. Fear crept up her spine as she searched around for any intruder, desperate to end the horrible thoughts assaulting her mind. 

She climbed onto her bed to reach the window and closed it with a resounding thud, sighing at her own stupidity as she put her back to it, hand on heart as it continued to race. The breeze she felt was gone now but her fears had only begun as it dawned on her that although nothing was in her room she let out a squeak, seeing her door wide open. What if an intruder sneaked past her? 

She scrambled off her bed and hurried over to close it, fetching a simple bronze key from her dresser with the kind of franticness that made her fumble it more than once. By the time she found the lock and twisted the key within she worked up a nervous flush before putting it aside, biting her lip softly in fear of who could be listening now, now inside her home. Now where she could no longer go. 

Like it or not she knew she was trapped. The situation, however, was not entirely unpleasant. 

Her eyes widened at the thought. With a timid hand she wanted to confirm her strangest of fears, her guiltiest of pleasures. She was all too familiar with the excitement that greeted her in the pit of her stomach as she clutched at her evening dress around her taut belly and held back a murmur that to any onlooker would have raised an eyebrow. A murmur she would want to scold herself for. 

"Creator's Breath, why now?!" she thought, even if she already knew the answer. 

She sighed frustration at her imagination running wild again. A thousand intimate stories competed for her attention yet her thoughts settled on one that rewarded her with an unmistakable warmth, made her hug her bosom tightly with folded arms. The excitement of being trapped in a confined space reminded her of Ayresar and Rihena, the star-crossed lovers of a heated romance long ago. Guardian of the Garden, sworn protector of the exiled Princess of Asur. When her father's kingdom fell to her deranged half brother, Raiju, Rihena was rescued from his clutches as Ayresar took her into the farthest reaches of Zerran's Dune Sea. Even with Raiju's sordid influence sweeping across the desert continent Ayresar kept Rihena safe, kept her hidden from evil itself while their love bloomed. 

Ayresar was the perfect specimen of manhood. With the body of a warrior, his skill without equal. Honourable, too, and women adored him despite his heart belonging to Rihena. He never strayed, he was a wonderful embodiment of valour in a time when blood was spilt greedily across the land. His deep knowledge of the arcane gave him insight into some of their land's greatest mysteries and uncovered much buried history. No other in his time was capable of what he accomplished. 

He was also a wonderful lover. 

She sighed. If only she knew a man like him, she would have lead him to her bed by now and had her way with him... if he hadn't already taken her where they stood. Rihena would have done the same as they hid from her brother's men, trying to keep her voice low as her lover brought her to heights of pleasure Emilya could only dream of, wishing she could trade places with her just once. Oh how she dreamt night and day for her very own Ayresar, to take her away from this place. 

Her gaze darted around her room with a desperate gleam. She needed to find release. 

Her mother once warned her of the curse she had to bear now. Ever since their ancestor bore the name of their House, the Red Lion of Thaeilon was a debauched creature, who knew all too well the pleasures of the flesh. He had many lovers, many of whom bore him children. Only his offspring to the Lioness of Nezheros were legitimate in the eyes of nobles and she was no different than him. Their children were cursed with their wild desires and so was this the same for their descendants. 

Emilya moaned at the thought. She was a true daughter of Merion and it vexed her to no end. 

She turned her attention back to her bed, laid herself upon it as she tried to steady her breath. Hand on heart she felt it race, not for the earlier fears she had but what those fears were turning into. She craved excitement, anything to pull her away from a life that truly bored her. Even if there was an intruder in the house she wondered how she would react to him as she squirmed in frustration, digging her nails into the silky sheets beneath her that were a gift from her brother last spring. 

Wild eyed, she looked around before she gave in to her desires and slid a hand over a firm breast, rubbing it through the simple cloth of her white evening dress. She let out a quiet murmur as she tried to imagine that she was in bed with the legendary Ayresar, feeling his breath on the hollow of her neck with a hand on one of her feminine mounds, his touch soft yet yearning as he tried to keep his own needs in check. They were on the run, surrounded by enemies. Too much stimulation would have earned more than quaint gasps, enough to attract a thousand swords toward them. 

She could feel his hesitation, sense that he was holding back. Yet he was her love, her guardian. What a nightmare it must have been for him. 

She had a pleading gaze, though, taunted him to bury his frustrations with her, melt his unease away. So what if they were found, he was the greatest warrior of all! Her flesh was his, bound by honour, bound by secret matrimony. Yet she knew his heart, knew he wanted her not to be in harm's way. 

Nevertheless she wanted him inside her, encouraged him with little more than a wishful purr. 

He would have stubbornly grunted at her request, climbed on top of her with the heat between them making her head swim. He would kiss her flesh, drive his lips around a breast and tease it well, barely entertaining it for long before she was gasping for more, hinting her greater needs below. 

There was hesitation. She knew she was ready, wriggling beneath him at the sight of her lover's manhood leaping at the chance to fulfil her expectations for it. Yet concern grew across his face. Even now he questioned if the timing was right, sliding a hand from kneading a breast to trailing fingers to her intimate place, teasing her pubic mound, playing softly with the fiery hairs there. 

It earned a frustrated whimper. She buckled into his hand, arched her back in delight and torture, wondering when the intercourse would begin proper. All she could do was close her eyes and let his gentle touch temper her passion, urge it out quietly, knowing anything more would condemn them. 

He wanted to ignore it, wanted to keep going. Usually he was a man of few words around her, too, but when he spoke she listened. "You know this isn't the place for this, no matter how much I-" 

She gripped his wrist, not wanting to hear the rest. She knew the risk. 

Ayresar resigned with a warm sigh. There was no more hesitation on his part as he probed a finger between the folds of her womanhood, already slick with desire. For her husband it always was. 

His touch was exquisite. It would have been easy for him to bring her to orgasm with the deftness of his hands alone, her moans for them each more vocal than the last. She had to stifle one as a wave of pleasure hit her, her hips moving involuntarily against him with excitement building in her stomach. For a moment she felt she was over the edge but her lover knew the signs, knew when to pause. 

She was breathless at the thought, her chest heaving desperation. She bit softly into her bottom lip, feeling her body quivering with lust by the time she let a gasp escape her, feeling her lover move his body with hers, his own needs finally brought to the surface. His hands were back to her breasts, thumbs rubbing at the erect nubs of their areolae. She felt the tip of his erection probe for her moistened place as she opened her legs to take it in, smiling ravenously to herself at his clumsiness, that last step she had been waiting for. He was no longer himself but an ordinary man. Her man, she knew. She only hoped no one would come looking for them when she began to scream for him. 

She almost did when she felt the bulbous head of his erection push between her folds for within. 

Mouth agape, their loins became one. Mixed with pain and pleasure, her passage was tight but his determination prevailed, a strong thrust that joined them to the hilt. She would have yelped if it weren't for his own lips finding hers, swallowing her moans to spare her from their surroundings. 

Tongues entwined, bodies writhed. She could feel every inch of him inside her, throbbing in unison with her walls constricting around him, still with a virgin's tightness but as wet as a lady of the night's. The latter was a mercy, too, letting her enjoy the heated moment far more than she had any right to as their long kiss ended when he allowed her breath, only for them to gaze warmly at each other. Her jade green eyes searched his enchanting violet own with flecks of lilac and silver yet her loins ached impatiently and gave him a squeeze, reminding him of the task at hand. He reciprocated in kind and brought his hands to her hips, pulling the length of his erection out from her with needless tedium she dared to question before his tip nearly popped out, only for it to plunge in deep again. 

She moaned louder at him for it. This was not going to end well. 

Her eyes widened in shock as her hands went to her mouth, trying to silence her tongue as her lover began to passionately tame her sex. The strong thrusts of his thick bare erection made her lose focus as her innocence waned, letting the moment catch her off guard, remove all doubt that he was bringing her to the unwanted verge of climax so early in their lovemaking, so early for her to believe. 

She tried to warn him, tried voicing her concern, but her body screamed for more with each thrust raising her voice only in pleasure, letting the wet sounds of their bonding carry her closer to paradise. There was no turning back now as she moaned deeply each time she felt his engorged balls slap into her with the strongest of thrusts and they were many, each as wonderful as the last. Her limbs were barely hers anymore as her elegant hands gripped tighter to his lean wrists and her legs spread more and more to allow as much of him in. It barely dawned on her that she was drawing blood from her partner as her nails dug into his flesh while she rode his passion, letting his rhythm become hers. 

She cried out in ecstasy against his powerful, broad chest, professing her love to him between breaths. To hell with staying silent anymore she felt as her moans began to echo around them. 

Her lover grew bolder, matching her fervour. His grace was lost to the primal tide between them and she loved it, knowing she would be sore in the morning, letting the pain remind her of their bond. At least she would have the satisfaction knowing she would be carrying his seed. Not a drop would be spared if she had her way, it was far too precious to let seep into the barren desert sands below where she would eagerly lap from if he dared to deny her what her body was begging for now. 

It eventually sent her over the edge, her drenched sex tingling with an intensity that earned a squeak, a revelation her eyes widened in surprise for. Soon her body was tight, her intimates convulsing. Like that of a cat in heat her back arched and brought her to sharp gasps as she hanged onto her lover, riding the sudden orgasm he rewarded her as she held onto him like a vice, to milk what was to come. Soon his eyes were rolling into his head, too, letting every muscle in his body tense to the heat of his seed spurting liberally into her fertile womb without a care for the consequences it would bring. Nothing would please her more than to see their passion give birth to House Ayresar once more. 

Lost in bliss, lost in exquisite sensation. Nothing else mattered as her body still tingled while she struggled to catch her breath. "I love you..." she whispered as she reached out to him for a kiss, knowing he was everything she ever wanted, now and forever. She would never settle for less. 

Reality had a way of ruining her imagination, though. 

Emilya remained motionless in bed, blinking towards the pine ceiling, frowning at it as her heartbeat slowed while her breath returned. Oh how she wanted to see her dear Ayresar watching over her, still with his weakening erection inside her. She knew he would have lent down and kissed her before holding her in an intimate embrace... even if Raiju's men had begun to swarm around them. Their deaths would be known before the setting sun for Ayresar was not fond of interruptions. 

It earned a heated grin. She would not have been opposed to seeing her lover fight naked, too. 

Still, no matter how hard she wanted to believe she would someday meet a man like Ayresar for real, she would suddenly remember the depressing world she lived in and felt like screaming into one of her silk pillows for relief. Bad enough she would have to change the sheets again just for another wild bout with her imagination. She only hoped her brother wouldn't pry about it later on. 

At least the wetness between her legs left her with content. "Looks like I'll need fresh underwear, too..." she lamented quietly, lifting a hand to inspect. Like her poor panties that clung wetly to her, her hand was practically soaked with her love juices, letting curiosity stretch thin strands of viscous fluid between her fingers before her eyes. Though it was all a blur to her now she could recall how they worked feverishly in bringing her to climax as her mind escaped to that other world she often found inside her tomes, ignoring her current situation that made her sigh the more she thought on it. 
