 Prologue

Some said dragons were myths and magic was fantasy. That may be true on Earth, but on the planet Fraidel, these things were as real as the very air people breathed. The planet was divided into different clans of dragons, and their partners, the dragoons. Dragons, dragoons, and others worked side-by-side. Each clan consisted of several ranks. At the top was the ruler, his or her dragon partner, and family. All the rulers were dragoons. All the dragoons were warriors, regardless of whether they were male or female. All dragoons had their own dragon partner. These warriors also made the ruler's army. Retired dragoons and elderly dragons either became part of the council, generals, or just everyday citizens. After the ruler, the council held the most power. The middle sector was made up of merchants, healers, masons, and other workers, including the dragoons' families. At the bottom was the servants. The servants for the upper classes like the ruler and the council. The ruler, council, and their families lived on the palace.

Fraidel's climate and features varied as well. In the northern latitudes, the silver dragons flourished. This place was called Cystralla. The place was said to be magical for it never got cold there. The Silver Dragon Clan lived there as well. There was a magical barrier separating this region from the mountain region. The mountain region held several chains. The chain with the most trees that were so tall they could reach the sky was known as the Emerald Mountains. Here the Earth Dragon Clan lived. In the next mountain region, called the Redstone Mountains, were some of driest conditions on the planet. The reason for that was because there were active volcanoes in the area. However, the Fire Dragon Clan lives here because of the magic there that made the place inhabitable. The third mountain region was sealed off from the other regions by fog and magic. It's called the Mysty Mountains. 

In this hidden utopia was the Light Dragon Clan. This clan was one of two hidden clans. In fact, only few outsiders had managed to find either of them. The other mysterious clan was the Golden Dragon Clan. They lived on an invisible floating island that was constantly moving. On the coast regions live two more clans. In the south where the Emerald and Redstone Mountains end lays a series of cliffs and ravines that lead up to the ocean. This area was known as the Enigma Cliffs because it was not known how the region was formed or how the residents there were able to survive. The inhabitants here were members of the Wind Dragon Clan. When this area ended, the plains and rivers began. This area, which was called Riviral, spread from the southeast to the northeastern coastal regions. The Water Dragon Clan lived here. In the very south where the sun didn't shone was a continent called Nordina. The Dark Dragon Clan resided here. Even though darkness spread all over, the clan was able to survive. Now even though they were dark, few were evil.

In the sky in the clouds lived some of the most powerful inhabitants on the planet. One was the sorcerer, Ankor, who traveled throughout Fraidel and also taught the children and young dragons. He also traveled to Earth to learn from there. He has his own place there which has changed throughout the centuries. Because of the changes, he moved around many times. His castle in the sky on Fraidel never changed though. Also among the clouds was the Great Purple Dragon. Unlike the other species of dragon, there was only one purple dragon. The purple dragon was the most powerful kind. Once one died, another was born to any species. The dragon was then raised by both Ankor and the holder of the mystic Moonstone. The holder will be the dragon's partner. This holder was a dragoon as well as a sorcerer. Next to Ankor, the person was the most powerful being on Fraidel. Very few people had saw both dragon and dragoon. The Moonstone itself was said to be created by the first holder who was able to tame all the dragons and taught them to talk. What people didn't know was that this person was a woman. After taming all the dragons, she distributed the Moonstone's powers into 8 different stones and gave them to the rulers of the other clans. The stones were passed down through the generations. Each contained power of the elements.

Yes, life on Fraidel had its problems, but nothing that would threaten its peace and stability. But all that was about to change, for an unknown danger was brewing within the core of Fraidel. And the only ones who knew this was the Great Purple Dragon and his partner. For the holder was a descendant of the first holder. She also knew it would still be some centuries before it actually surfaced. But now was the time to go into hiding for the evil was now going to try and destroy her. The reason this unknown force wanted to obliterate her was because it was her ancestor that sealed the evil within Fraidel. No one else knew of this great battle because her ancestor had erased it from all the memories of those alive, except for the purple dragon at the time. Also, the sorceress was pregnant, but not married. So to protect her unborn child, she went into hiding as well as her dragon companion. The Moonstone vanished and no one, not even Ankor, knew what happened to the dragon, the sorceress, or the Moonstone. What was going to happen next? Only time would tell.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter I.

Dreams of

Another World

Once again he was lost in a dense fog. And it was so thick that he could not even see his hand when he lifted it. Suddenly, the fog vanished to reveal a strange world. He had scene this world before and been here many times. But every time he tried to touch something, he felt nothing. What was this unique place with buildings that were as tall as palaces, and unusual objects that traveled on wheels and held people in them. The people here were even stranger. He'd never seen clothes like the ones these humans wore. Why even the women wore trousers! He saw a few young ones rode on two-wheeled boards. Soon the scenery vanished and he appeared in a forest area. He'd been here before too. It was one of the places where he saw . . .her. Walking a bit, he finally saw her. This time she was asleep. She was lying on a blanket surrounded by flowers. As always, she looked enchanting. Even though he never talked to her before, she captivated him. He never felt so drawn to a woman before. Sadly, he never knew if she was real or not. He never saw a woman who looked like her too. Her long golden hair sprawled about her like a coverlet. Even though her eyelids were shut, underneath, her eyes were as blue as the morning sky. Her skin was pale with golden tones. He always wondered if her skin was as soft as it looked. He tried touching her numerous times, but his hand always passed through her. Right now he was torn between reaching for her or not. But before he could make up his him, the lady woke up. The man backed up a bit as she lazily stretched. She sat up before looking in his direction. Her eyes lit up as she crawled toward him.

"Are you real?" she asked.

She could see him! Many times when he tried to touch her, he saw her look in his direction, but never saw him. He heard her voice. It was filled with such joy. It put him to ease. He finally remembered her words.

"Oh I am real enough." the man answered.

The lady sighed in relief. For a moment she thought he could not hear her. She seen him numerous times before, but only at a distance. Every time she tried to get closer to him, his image always disappeared. And even though she saw him from afar, she could still make out the color of his hair, which was sapphire blue and went down to his mid-back. She never knew what his eye color was, but now she saw that they were dark green. They were so dark that his eyes were nearly black. She knew he was muscular, but up this close, he was overwhelming! At times he wore different types of clothing. All of which could be warn in Medieval Times. Now though, he was only wearing trousers! My goodness!, she thought. The man was all muscle! His skin was golden tone. When she realized that she's staring at him, she looked away. She always thought it was rude to stare at someone. 

The man wondered why she looked away. He gave into the urge to touch her. Lifting a hand, he gently put it underneath her chin, and turned her face to look into those beautiful eyes again. He could touch her! The skin was as soft as he imagined. Carefully, he lightly ran his fingers against her cheek. She closed her eyes and told herself to breathe. She opened her eyes to see him lean closer. Oh sweat heaven, she thought. She didn't know this man and all ready he stirred feelings inside of her she never thought could exist. She closed her eyes again just before his lips touched hers. This couldn't be real, she thought, but it felt real. The man was thinking something similar. He thought if this was a dream, he wished it would go on forever. The kiss started as a gentle exploration, but soon began to flare up. Instinctively, he wrapped his arms around her as she cupped his head with her hands. She found herself being pushed onto the ground. As he raised his head, he looked at her. Her hair was spread out, her face flushed, her lips swollen from his kisses, and her eyes were deep blue with passion. She looked to beautiful to be real. She thought he was the one who was a mirage. Well, his strength and power were real enough as well as his manhood, which felt hot through his pants. The man leaned down and captured her mouth once more. His hands started to stroke her all over as her arms wrapped around his neck to draw him closer. He was about to tear her clothes off when suddenly they both heard a rumble. With his arms still around her, he pulled them both up into a seated position. Darkness descended upon them. The lady became frighten. She looked behind the man and saw a light in the distance that seemed to be getting bigger by the second. She discovered that it's a fire ball and screamed. The man looked behind him and automatically shielded the lady, bracing for the impact . . .

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Torrence of the Water Dragon Clan woke up with a start. He was breathing hard as he sat up. His forest green eyes looked around his dark chamber. It was that same dream again, but this time it ended as a nightmare. What did it mean? Did it mean that he was to find her, but loose her and his life? He would have to ask Ankor the next time he saw him. Unfortunately, that will have to wait until he got back home for Ankor was staying there for the time being. Right now, he was a guest at the Wind Dragon Clan. He was there to discuss a possible alliance with them. Torrence got up and walked over to a table with a bowl and a pitcher of water on it. He poured the water into the bowl before splashing some water on his face. He wiped his face with a towel before placing his hands on the table and leaned on it. That's when he heard a scuffle. Torrence quickly grabbed his sword and unsheathed it from its scabbard before someone rushed through the door. Torrence lowered his sword when he saw who it was. It was his cousin Tidus, who came with him. He soon noticed his teal-haired cousin was out of breath and his gray-green eyes held fear in them, which was a rarity.

"What is it?" Torrence asked with concern.

"Tor . . . . I wouldn't had come here . . .if it wasn't important, but . . . I have to tell you. Your father and brother are dead."