 A/N: Sorry for taking so long to do Chapter 3 everyone but I've been in college and on top of that was suffering from Writer's block, but I finally managed to finish it. Thanks to those who'd been reading.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter III.

Adapting to

Earth

On Fraidel, burials were either private or public. Royal burials were different. First, there was a private memorial service for the family, then the actual burial took place where the entire clan was invited. Also, each clan buried their dead in different manors. With the Water Dragon Clan, they lowered their human loved ones, who were encased in a water based casket, into the closest river to the bottom. The dragons were burned to ashes and then scattered onto the river. In all clans, it was customary for dragons to be cremated. What they did with the ashes was what distinguished the clans. So on the day of the burial, the late King Tristian and his son, Lord Niron, were lowered into the river. It was a quiet event like all burials. Only this time there was an air of anxiety as to who did this atrocity. After the burial was over, everyone went home. They got ready for the coronation.

The next day, around midday, the coronation took place in the main courtyard. Even though the mood was lighter, the public was not as cheerful as they usually were at such occasions. Torrence stepped out into the courtyard. He was garbed in his finest. Since all rulers were Dragoons, Torrence wore his Dragoon formal attire which was a combination of dragon scale armor and robes. His clothing was a combination of blues and greens. What he didn't have was his sword with him. That's because he was going to receive his father's sword along with the Water scepter that had the Water Stone on it. This stone was one of the stones that originated from the Moonstone. After Torrence walked up to Ankor, he knelt before him on one knee. Ankor always presided over coronations and royal weddings in all clans. Ankor smiled gently at Torrence before turning to the servant who was carrying a cushioned pillow with the king's crown on it. Taking the crown, Ankor placed it on Torrence's head. The crown was made out of gold with sapphires and rare blue diamonds on it. Ankor handed Torrence the king's sword and Torrence slid it into his sheath. After that Torrence received the Water scepter from Ankor. Ankor announced Torrence as the leader of the Water Dragon Clan. Torrence was actually pretty young for a king cause in some clans, including Torrence's, male heirs didn't become rulers until they were thirty. If it was female, than it was twenty-five years. As soon as Torrence was introduced, he stood up and greeted his people as the humans cheered and the dragons roared.

There was a feast afterwards. It was amazing how quickly the castle staff prepared it on such short notice. It didn't last too long after sundown. Just as the evening stars began to come out, Torrence headed up to his new chambers. The king's chamber had a parlor before opening up into the main bedroom. There were two other rooms connected to the main bedroom. These were the changing rooms; one for the king, and one for the queen. The bed probably took up a quarter of the main bedroom cause it was a four poster bed. Facing it was a large fireplace with two armchairs in front of it. When Torrence entered the chamber, he went into his changing room and the few servants there helped him out of his attire before Torrence dismissed them. He changed into more casual clothing before starting to get ready for his trip to Earth. Amongst the things he was bringing was several things for Galeena. He couldn't wait to meet her. Torrence looked up when he heard a knock on his door from the main parlor.

"Come in."

He was surprised to see Daphene come in.

"Hello Daphene." he greeted with a smile.

"Torrence, before you go, I'd like to give you something."

She brought a hand from behind her back and held out a small box to Torrence. Torrence took it and opened it up. Inside was a ring. The band was made out of silver and it had a blue diamond on with two pearls on each side. Torrence recognized it immediately. The ring was given to the eldest son to give to his wife.

"I can't take this Daphene. Niron gave this to you."

"Because it's tradition. You are now king, Torrence. The ring goes to the eldest son. You are now the eldest. Besides, Niron gave me something far more precious than that ring. He gave me his heart and child. You should give this to the one you will marry. And . .seeing that ring on my finger will not help me move on. I want to try to remember the good times. So please, take it."

Torrence nodded, "Very well Daphene. Are you sure?"

"Yes. I do hope you find what you are looking for." Daphene told him whole-heartedly before tipping on her toes to kiss him on the cheek.

She left him to his own thoughts. Torrence stood for a moment and looked at the tiny box. He thought about Galeena. He'd never thought about marriage before. He would have to now. Kings were expected to get married and start producing children as soon as possible so the line would continue. He hoped that Galeena would be able to come here. She had to, but Torrence knew he would never force her. Torrence certainly knew that she was the one. Although he only met her in dreams, he knew that there would be no other. Taking a deep breath, he put the tiny box with the rest of his stuff.

Soon Ankor came in wearing very strange clothes. At least, Torrence thought they were strange. Ankor laughed at Torrence's expression.

"This is considered normal on Earth, at least part of the Earth we're going." the mage said before looking at Torrence's clothes.

"Just as I thought. I am going to have to change them, as well as the ones you're wearing. I am going to give you something to put them in too." commented Ankor before changing Torrence's clothes with his magic.

Turning to Torrence he changed his attire. He was now wearing tanned colored pants, a brown belt, and forest green shirt. It felt pretty comfortable.

"I'm going to change your hair as well. Where we are going, people don't generally have blue hair." added Ankor before changing the warrior's dark blue hair into dark brown.

It was still long. Torrence looks at himself in the mirror. He looked different. He thought he looked good too. Ankor watched his reaction with amusement.

"Oh! One more thing, you are going to need these things." said Ankor before handing Torrence some extra necessities.

"I'll teach you about them while we're on Earth. Place the cards in here." instructed Ankor before giving him an object called a wallet.

"It's called a wallet. You place it in your back pocket. It's that little patch on the rear of your trousers." he explained.

Torrence did as Ankor instructed.

"One last thing, a first name and a last are required. On Earth, I am Henry Ankor. You'll be Torrence Bronson. Most people who know you will address you by your first name. Others will address you by your last name by calling you Mr. Bronson. Now, any questions or comments?" asked Ankor.

"Yes, this is not going to be easy." commented Torrence.

Ankor laughed before they got his belongings and headed out.

When the two make it outside, Torrence's family were waiting for them. They looked very surprised. Their dragon partners were there as well.

"Is that you Torrence? You look different." commented Meridian.

"This is only temporary. I will miss you all. I'll be back sooner than you think. Until then, Searon, you're in charge of the household, and Titus, you're in charge of the Dragoons." ordered Torrence.

Both Searon and Titus nodded. Suddenly, Verdius sobbed and rushed over to Torrence before knocking him down.

"Verdius!" growled both Skyro and Cerulos.

Verdius reluctantly backed off.

"I just don't want you to go." he said tearfully as Torrence got up.

"I'll miss you too." replied Torrence.

Everyone hugged him and bowed to Ankor before following them out. The moon was shining bright. Ankor wasted no time in getting started. He first casts a protective spell to not only protect Torrence and himself, but the others as well. Next he casts a barrier spell to separate them from Torrence's family. The wind picked up as Ankor cast the final spell. Suddenly, flashes of lightning strike down as the warrior and mage vanish.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Galeena stood out on her balcony watching the sky when she noticed the change in the weather. Clouds started to roll in, the wind picked up, and she saw lightning in the distance. Something was happening. She could feel it. Galeena leaves the balcony and headed back to her apartment.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Torrence felt a little shaken when he and Ankor arrived on Earth. Ankor laughed at how Torrence tried to keep his composure. The trip would not be easy for a beginner.

"You did just fine, my boy. Come." the elderly man commanded affectionately.

By then Torrence was able to regain himself. As he gathered his things, he looked ahead to see a mansion.

"Is this your place?" he asked.

"Yes, I've already notified the staff that we be arriving." explained Ankor.

As they approached the place, Torrence saw several people waiting for them. He stopped when Ankor stopped.

One man stepped forward and bowed before saying, "Welcome back sir. I trust your journey was safe?"

He looked to be in his early fifties. His dirty blonde hair was silvered and well groomed.

"Very well, Gerald. This here is Lord Torrence Bronson." introduced Ankor.

"It's an honor to meet you sir. We were expecting you. Both of your chambers are ready." bowed Gerald.

"Thank you Gerald. You are dismissed." said Ankor.

Gerald and the other staff members bowed before leaving. Several men came forward and took Ankor and Torrence's belongings.

"Don't worry Torrence, they'll take your things to your room. Come, let's talk in my study, then we'll sup." Ankor instructed Torrence before leading him into the house.

Torrence looked around in wonder. He also noted that their was some similarities between this place and his home. For one there was artwork everywhere. One of them caught his eye. There was a portrait of a maiden petting a dragon next to her. The maiden was Galeena!

"Aw, I see you've found Galeena's portrait." said Ankor as he came up.

"Who did this?" asked Torrence in awe.

"Galeena. She's an artist. Magnificent, isn't it?"

"Words cannot describe it."

Ankor chuckled.

"I have several more of her pieces of work, but nothing as big as this one." he added.

Torrence did not hear that last part. He's still memorized by Galeena's portrait. Finally, he shook himself out of his stupor.

"I am sorry. I just never seen anything like this."

"It's no trouble. Galeena gave this to me free of charge. But what she doesn't know is that I sent her an anonymous check for it."

"Check?"

"Oh I forgot. Checks are forms of currency here. Well, let's continue on."

Ankor led him on down the hall. Ankor's taste was eclectic from medieval times to modern. And somehow everything came together. Ankor is careful not to display any Fraidel items. And his magical belongings were hidden elsewhere. Ankor's study is on the second floor. Once inside, Torrence instantly felt at home. The fireplace warmed up the room. Anyone can tell this place was a man's room with its solid and warm colors. There was a desk with a large armchair behind it. Two more armchairs were located in the back. And like all the other rooms, this one has a few pieces of art. Torrence and Ankor sit down in the two armchairs near the fireplace.

"Now than. I think I should give you a brief summary of this planet, particularly this part of it. You know that Fraidel is divided into different clans right? Well . . ." Ankor told him a little bit about Earth, the country they're in, and the era.

It is a lot of information for Torrence to take in and he finally told Ankor that.

"Sorry lad. I was getting so caught up that I forgot how late it was. There's still more for you to know, but that can come tomorrow." said Ankor before rising.

Torrence did the same and followed him out. Ankor led him to the other side of the house.

"I figured this room would suit you best." Ankor replied before opening the door for Torrence.

Torrence walked in. It certainly did suit him. The were navy blue. The wood was dark oak. The bed was a four poster one with black and dark blue coverings. The fireplace had intricate carvings on it. There were two dragons on the side holding up the top part of the fire place. There was a table near the bed with a wall mirror behind it and a chair in front of it. Another armchair was in the room too. Above the fireplace was a portrait of a blue dragon that reminded Torrence of Cerulos. Torrence sighed. He missed his partner deeply for the two never been apart since Torrence's birth. On Fraidel, a dragon was assigned to a person when he or she was born. Torrence continued to loot at the picture and realized it's another one of Galeena's portraits. Torrence turned back to Ankor.

"Thank-you Ankor. It's perfect." he said.

"Good. Your clothes and other belongings are in the closet. Good night."

"Good night and thanks." Torrence bowed before Ankor left him alone.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

That night Torrence dreamt again. This time, he's on a beach. He recognized it for it was part of his clan's territory. It was sunset as the source of Fraidel's light, Mandras, was slowly sinking in the horizon. Torrence watched it before seeing something or someone. Torrence felt his heart beating faster when he noticed that it was Galeena. She was walking along the beach towards him. Once again, her shimmering hair cascaded down, flowing in the breeze. She's wearing a spaghetti strapped garment of pale blue that only went down to mid-thigh. Torrence was wearing the same thing he was sleeping in; a pair of dark blue boxers and a white muscle shirt. Also, his hair was still the same. He waited for Galeena to come up to him.

"It's you. You look different, but it's you. Last time, your hair was a dark sapphire blue." Galeena replied.

Torrence smiled, relieved she could see him.

"I changed my appearance. Or rather, someone else did. Excuse me, but what is your name?"

No bother telling her he knew her name, for she might question him.

"I am Galeena. Who are you?"

"Torrence. I must say Galeena, you're as lovely as ever."

Torrence took her hand and kissed it. Galeena blushed and giggled. Oh, he was a charmer all right. There was no doubt of his desire for her too for his eyes were blazing and they held a possessive look in them.

"Is this real? Can you really be here? Last time . . .it ended so quickly. What is happening here?" Galeena asked.

"I am not all that sure love. But I do know this. I can feel you, hear you, see you, smell you . . ." Torrence answered before kissing her, ". . . Taste you. And I am going to take full advantage of it while I have the time."

Torrence was still holding onto Galeena's hand when he pulled her to him and embraced her gently. He lowered his head until their lips were only inches apart. He traced her lips with the tip of his tongue before claiming them with his own lips. Galeena's hands were trapped in between their chests, but she managed to free them and wrapped her arms around his waist. Torrence finally coaxed Galeena into opening her mouth so his tongue could enter and mingle with hers. He savored it slowly and deeply. Her taste was addictive. Galeena never thought it could be like this. It was wonderful. Her arms tighten as her hands moved under his shirt to touch his skin. Her touch was driving him crazy. Driven by instinct, Torrence moved his hands to the straps of her garment and moved them both down before removing his mouth off of hers as he moved it along her silky skin and latched onto her neck. His hands also moved to her breasts and massage them. Galeena moaned in pleasure as she moved her neck a bit to give him more access.

"You are the most enchanting woman I've ever met." Torrence whispered along her skin.

Galeena was too distracted by his mouth to respond. Right now, his mouth was moving over her collar bone area. Galeena didn't know what he was doing to her. She never felt this way about anyone. Normally she would never let someone touch her this way. There was just something about this man that called to her. There was also a voice telling her that he was real. All thought left her when Torrence's mouth kissed one of her breasts. Apparently, he pulled her nightgown down and her chest was now exposed. Torrence loved her taste and reaction for Galeena pushed against him, eager for his kisses. After lavishing her breast, he moved his mouth to her other one. Galeena finally moved her hands to his head and rubbed her hands through his hair. Torrence kissed his way back up to her lips and kissed her with all his being. Galeena kissed him back just as thoroughly. She found herself being lowered to the ground. Galeena felt his lips leave her and she opened her eyes. Torrence was still there, only he's transparent.

"No. . ." Galeena said but it's too late as Torrence vanished before her eyes.

Suddenly, there's a sharp buzzing sound as Galeena found herself falling.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Galeena woke up to the sound of her alarm. Groaning, she got up and turned the alarm off. It was that dream again. Galeena felt a bit chilly before gasping. The top of her nightgown wasn't on her. Sprinting out of bed, Galeena ran to her bathroom and turned on the lights. Just like from her dream, Galeena's lips were swollen as well as her breasts. Also, there were red marks on her too. One on her neck, another on her collar bone, and one on her chest. She also smelled Torrence's scent on her. How was that possible? It was only dream or was it? Galeena was one of those people who believed anything was possible. Still, what was happening was confusing.

"You're just going to have to worry about it later. You got a busy day ahead of you." Galeena told herself.

Forcing her thoughts of the dream to the back of her mind, Galeena went back to her room to get ready.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Torrence woke up slowly. He sighed at the thought of the dream. He was really starting to wonder when dream would become reality. The need for Galeena was great, but Torrence would remain patient. As he got up, he noticed something. Galeena's scent was in the air. Looked like the dream was more real this time. He wondered if this had anything to do with them being on the same planet. Torrence remembered Ankor telling him how mysterious dreams could be. Speaking of Ankor, Torrence wondered if the man was awake. Suddenly, there's a knock at the door.

"Come in." Torrence said.

It turned out to be Gerald.

"Good morning sir. I've come to inform you that breakfast is ready and it will be served in the dining room." he said.

"Thank you Gerald."

The elderly man bowed and left. Getting out of bed, Torrence went to his closet to get ready for the day.

It took him nearly an hour to get ready for he was having such a hard time figuring out what to do. It reminded him how much he was out of his element here. But he managed. When he left his room, he was shown where the dining room was. Ankor was there.

"Aw, good morning my boy. I see you took your time." he winked.

"Yes, I will admit though I am going to need help concerning the bathroom." Torrence admitted as he sat down.

He was a man of pride after all. It took him a lot to admit he needed help with something. Ankor chuckled.

"Yes, a bit more complicated than what you're use to huh?"

A bit was putting it lightly, Torrence thought.

"So did you rest well?" Ankor asked.
