 A/N: Sooo sorry to my fans who've been waiting for almost a year for this next chapter. I've been super busy with college and now I have the summer off. I am thinking of dividing the chapters up just so I can update sooner. Just got to make sure I have enough words. I am already working on the next chapter and it's a pivotal one. I apologize for any grammatical mistakes cause I don't have an editor. Hope you like this next one.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter IV

The Dating 

Game

Torrence was up even before the sun came up. He usually made a habit of this to train privately. Ankor allowed him to bring his training gear because knew how important it was for a warrior to keep in shape. He also allowed him to bring his scepter with the Waterstone on it so he could keep it safe. However, he was not allowed to use it. Ankor had secured a private room for Torrence so he could train there. He was assured that the house staff wouldn't reveal his true identity. Ankor was extremely careful in picking whom worked for him. The room Torrence went in suited his purposes. It was what Ankor called a gym. Torrence took out his sword and started training. It felt good to do this again for he hadn't been able to do this private training since he left for his trip to the Wind Dragon Clan. He trained for an hour before Gerald came in and told him breakfast would be ready in thirty minutes. Deciding to head back to his room, he got his things and exited the room. Yesterday Ankor shown him how to work appliances. Torrence took to it like a duck in water. He really liked the shower. If there was one thing he was going to miss from this world, it was the shower. Back in Fraidel they used tubs for cleaning themselves. After drying off he looked in his closet to see what he'd wear today. Suddenly, he remembered what today was. It took him a good twenty minutes to pick out his outfit. He wore tanned colored trousers or slacks they were called here, a dark green shirt, and brown shoes and belt. Ankor had told him he didn't have to give Galeena anything since it wasn't a date. Still, it was tempting to give her something. But he still had time for that.

Ankor was waiting in the dining room when Torrence joined him.

"You look good Torrence." he said.

"I am nervous." Torrence admitted as he sat down and began to eat.

"You'll do fine. Just be yourself."

"I told Niron the exact same thing when he was going on his first date with Daphene." Torrence said before looking down.

He refused to let his emotion loose, but he missed his brother.

Ankor saw his expression and said, "Torrence, I know this may not help, but it's good to remember the good times."

Normally Torrence did not talk about his emotions, but he trusted Ankor completely.

"It's just isn't fair. Who would kill them and so brutally? They were honorable men and dragons. They never hurt anyone!" 

Torrence shouted the last part and slammed his fist onto the table, causing it to shake.

"Sorry." he said."

"It's okay. You're entitled to your feelings Torrence. If you didn't let your emotions out like this than I'd be worried. It isn't a show of weakness to cry, it's what's makes us have a heart."

Torrence nodded and breathed in deeply. It took him a few minutes to calm down. He now thought of Galeena.

"When will we see Galeena?"

"For lunch. We'll leave here at 10:45 am. The place we're eating at is across town. It's a sea food place and a very nice one at that. Galeena will meet us there. In the meantime let's finish our meal than continue your lessons." Ankor replied.

Torrence nodded and continued eat.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was rare for Galeena to have a free day. Well, she had most of the day free. After lunch she was to head to the university so she could help set up for tonight's Spring Showcase. Than tomorrow was her graduation. While she wished her grandma could come, many of her father's family would come. She knew nothing about her mother's side except her grandma and Tess never talked about it except that her grandpa lived in another place and it wasn't possible for them to be together. Since Galeena always trusted her grandmother, she never questioned her. At least Mr. Ankor would be coming. She was secretly hoping that her grandma and Mr. Ankor would meet, simply because they were the most important people in her life right now. Galeena's thoughts soon drifted to her dream man Torrence. She wondered if she would ever find out if he was real. Well, there was no use worrying about it. Galeena looked at the time. It was 9 am. Galeena decided to read a little before getting ready for lunch.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

During this time, Ankor was teaching Torrence how to use a computer. It took Torrence a good hour to learn the basics and how to use the internet.

"Um, Ankor, why am I learning how to use this again?"

"So you can contact Galeena in another way. Contacting by phone doesn't work all the time. I would suggest you use this as a last resort though. You know how too much of a good thing can be bad right?"

Torrence nodded.

"Well, the same concept can be used here. Computers can be very addicting."

Torrence nodded again and they continued.

By the time it was 10:30 am, Ankor and Torrence stopped his studies.

"You've learned a great deal these past few days, Torrence. I am very proud of you."

"It hasn't been easy sir."

"Well, now it's time to put those skills to the test. Just remember, the most important thing is to be yourself."

Torrence hoped his was ready. He never been so nervous in his life, not even when he took his test to become a dragoon. On Fraidel, it was custom that every person who was training to become a dragoon to take a test when he or she became of age. The person was taken out to a deserted place and had to survive for ten days by living off the land. Torrence passed his with flying colors. His father had been so proud. Thinking about his father made him sad and once again it took all his willpower not to shout and hit something. 

Ankor could tell Torrence was thinking about recent events again and so to distract him, he said, "Think of Galeena, son."

That did the trick. Torrence began thinking about Galeena and how he was going to court her. While he was doing that, he followed Ankor out the door and followed him to one of Ankor's cars. His thoughts of Galeena vanished when he saw the vehicle. Ankor told him about the different kinds of transportation and mentioned he liked to collect cars. This one was called a Jaguar and it was a dark blue color.

"I've had the seat moved back so you can fit in it." Ankor explained as he opened the passenger's door for him.

Torrence slipped on in and watched as Ankor closed the door. 

He waited 'til the sorcerer got in before asking him, "Ankor, I use this handle here to open the door right?"

Hit pointed to the handle. Ankor nodded.

"And remember to address me as Henry okay? It's just while we're out in public."

"Yes sir."

"Good, I would suggest you pay attention to everything around you." Ankor suggested as he started the car. 

Torrence couldn't hide his fascination as Ankor pulled out of the driveway.

It was an eventful trip. Despite what he learned, Torrence still couldn't believe he was seeing things he saw in his dreams. He was so consumed in watching everything, he barely noticed when they arrived at their destination.

"We're here Torrence." Ankor replied.

Torrence looked up and Ankor pulled up to the restaurant. A man in a uniform walked up.

"Good day gentlemen. May I take your keys please?" he asked.

"Indeed sir, thank you. Come on my boy, let's go."

Torrence followed Ankor's lead, unbuckled his seat belt, and got out of the car. The man in uniform gave Ankor a piece of paper, got in the car, and drove it off.

Seeing Torrence's perplexed look, Ankor explained, "That's a valet Torrence. At some places like a high end restaurant, they take people's cars and park them so we won't have to. When we leave, I give the valet this ticket and he'll go get our car for us."

Torrence nodded and they head into the restaurant. As soon as Torrence went through the door, all these scents assaulted his nose. Some were familiar while others were foreign to him. As he looked around he saw a woman standing behind a podium. She looked up and smiled.

"Good day gentlemen. Do you have a reservation?" she asked.

"Yes, Henry Ankor. And we're expecting a young lady too." Ankor replied.

The lady looked at her reservation list.

"Here you are sir. Will you please follow me?" she instructed.

Torrence and Ankor followed her and she had them seated in a private corner.

"Enjoy your meals gentlemen." she said before leaving.

A few minutes after she left, their waiter arrived.

"Hello gentlemen. May I interest you in something to drink?"

"Yes, your finest wine please. And three glasses of water too." Ankor answered.

"Very good sir. I shall be right back."

When he left, Torrence asked, "When will Galeena get here?"

Ankor chuckled and replied, "Oh I imagine she'll be here any minute."

Little did Ankor know, he was right. Galeena was so excited about seeing Mr. Ankor that she was ready by 10:30 am. She was sitting outside by her apartment building when she was a black limo pull up. She got up as the driver got out.

"Ms. Gellar?" he inquired.

"Yes, I am she."

"I am James, Mr. Ankor's driver. I am here to take you Cromwell's."

"Thank you."

"Shall we than?" James asked before opening a door to the limo.

Galeena nodded and got in. When she got in, she was in awe of everything. She never been in a limo and immediately started checking things out. She giggled in delight when the panel separating her and James came down.

"How are you doing miss?" he asked.

"I am just great James, thank you!" Galeena said.

It didn't take them long to reach the restaurant. Since she was riding in a limo there was no need for the valet to take it. Instead, he opened the door and held out his hand.

"Good day miss." he said.

"Thank you." Galeena said and placed her hand in his.

As soon as she got out, she turned to James.

"Thank you so much."

"You're welcome miss. I shall be back in a couple hours." he said before driving off.

Galeena walked in Cromwell's and approached the maitre de.

"Hello miss. Are with the Henry Ankor group?" she asked.

"Yes I am."

"Than follow me please."

Galeena did and immediately saw Mr. Ankor. Her smile was instant. She didn't even notice his friend. Torrence certainly saw her right away and it took every ounce of his control not to get up and crush her to him. Her scent attached to him like a second skin. His dreams of her didn't even come close to the real deal. Ankor saw Torrence's reaction before tapping him on the shoulder. He got up and greeted Galeena.

"Galeena my dear girl. You look wonderful! How are you?" he said as he hugged her. Galeena laughed as she hugged him back.

"I am doing just fine Mr. Ankor."

"Please, call me Henry child. I told you, you can call by my first name. Now, let me introduce you to my friend, Torrence Bronson." Ankor introduced.

Galeena had already saw him and almost fainted. If Ankor hadn't been holding her, she just might have. It was him! The man she'd been dreaming about for a year now. At first she thought she was dreaming again, but Mr. Ankor's arm was wrapped around her shoulders. This was real all right. And while she was able to keep standing, she couldn't hide the shock in her eyes. Both Torrence and Ankor saw her reaction, but kept their faces neutral and friendly. Finally, Ankor broke the ice.

"Torrence, this is Galeena Stellar." he replied.

Galeena was able to compose herself by this time but nearly swallowed her tongue when Torrence stood up and took her hand.

"It is an honor to finally meet you my dear. Henry has told much about you." Torrence said before kissing her hand.

Touching her for real this time was almost his undoing. He felt the instant connection and knew she was his soul mate. On Fraidel, one was very lucky to find one's soul mate. And it wouldn't have mattered if one was poor and one was royalty, once soul mates found each other, nothing could separate them. That's exactly what happened with Torrence's grandparents. Now that Torrence found his, would move Heaven and Earth to claim her. Galeena wasn't fairing as well as Torrence. The instant his lips touched her hand, not only did she feel the connection, but she blushed from head to toe. Still, she managed to smile.

"It is an honor to meet you too, Mr. Bronson." she managed to say.

Torrence stood up and reluctantly let go of her hand. Both men kept standing until Galeena sat down. Each sat on both sides of her. Soon the waiter returned with their waters before leaving. Torrence finally got the nerve to start talking to Galeena.

"Henry tells me you are an art student at the local university here. I've scene your work and I really love it."

Galeena smiled, but in the back of her mind, she was thinking how he would react when he saw her painting of him. She almost forgot she invited him and Mr. Ankor to her showcase tonight.

"Thank you Mr. Bronson. I love to paint."

"Please call me Torrence."

"Than you can call me Galeena."

Soon the wine arrived and they placed their orders. Ankor had to reassure Galeena that she could have anything she wanted. She sighed and ordered. Just by watching Galeena, Torrence could tell she was a gentle lady and didn't want to be a burden to anyone. It was also interesting to watch her interact with Ankor. Not only were they good friends, but it seemed to Torrence that they developed at father and daughter relationship, even though Ankor appeared to be old enough to be her grandfather. Torrence didn't even know how old Ankor was. Galeena started asking Torrence about what he did for a living. Torrence knew this was going to happen and wished he didn't have to lie to Galeena. He and Ankor came up with the story of how he recently became in charge of his family's business that was associated with Ankor. Torrence couldn't tell her yet he was the Ruler of the Water Dragon Clan, let alone he was from another planet. He hoped Galeena would forgive him. Galeena already felt he wasn't telling her everything. She couldn't picture him behind the desk. He looked more comfortable riding that blue dragon she saw him fly in her dreams. He also gave off much of the same energy like Mr. Ankor. She believed there was more to Mr. Ankor than meets the eye too. Maybe when the two trusted her more they would tell her everything. Until then, she would be patient and enjoy these moments.

"Um, Torrence, if you don't mind me asking, but can you tell me why you are now in charge of your family business?" Galeena asked.

That caught Torrence off guard. At least he didn't show it.

"My father and older brother are dead, so . . .the responsibility was handed to me." he replied trying to keep his voice strong.

Galeena felt bad and placed her hand on his clenched fist that was on the table. Torrence was a bit startled, but took her hand in his. That gesture alone showed him she understood and the look in her eyes showed her sympathy.

"You know, when my parents died, my grandmother always told me that they're always with me and as long as I remember and cherish the times I spent with them, they will always be alive in my heart. So maybe if you remember the good times, things might get easier to handle."

Torrence looked at her and for once listened. During the funeral people were trying to consol him and said his father and brother would want him to move on and such. Torrence didn't listen though. Meeting Galeena though had already helped him heal in some ways. Wanting to take away some of his sadness, Galeena decided to change the subject.

"How long have you and Henry known each other?"

"Ha ha, Galeena I was there when Torrence was born."

"Yes Henry has always been family to us." Torrence added.

"I would love to meet your family." Galeena replied.

"I am sure you will eventually."

In fact, Torrence could picture Galeena with his family. He wanted her to feel at home cause he knew he'd be asking her to give up her family here.

"Does any of your family live here?" he asked.

"No, they all live on the east coast or overseas."

"Will your grandmother be coming here for the graduation?" Ankor asked.

Galeena looked down and shook her head.

"She's getting up there in age so the flight would be too much for her. Many of my dad's family is coming." Galeena said.

"That's something right?" asked Torrence.

"Yes it is."

Galeena loved her extended family, but didn't feel that connection like she did with her parents and grandma. Both Torrence and Ankor could tell she'd rather have her grandma there.

"So Galeena? What time is this showcase at again?" Ankor asked.

"Oh, it's at 6:30 pm. There will be refreshments there."

During this time their food arrived. After finishing, Galeena looked at the time.

"Oh my! I need to get going. I need to help setup for tonight." she said.

Both men stood up as she stood up. She gave Ankor a hug and shook Torrence's hand. He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. Red in the face, Galeena managed to wave before leaving.

"Are you ready to leave Torrence?" asked Ankor.

Torrence turned to Ankor and saw his grin.

"Yes sir." he replied.

After paying, Ankor and Torrence left. Ankor gave the valet their ticket and soon he brought back the car.

"Have a nice day gentlemen." the valet said.

"Thank you." Ankor said as they got into the car.

As soon as they were both settled, Ankor drove off.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ankor gave Torrence a break from his studies for the rest of the day. Torrence decided to read up on Fraidel stuff. Before he left, the Council had sent him scrolls on all the responsibilities the ruler had. After reading over an hour, Torrence trained for several hours before Ankor suggested they get ready to leave. Torrence did not need to be told twice. It only took him thirty minutes to get ready.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Galeena had only thirty minutes to get ready. She got ready in record time. Normally her room was in good order, but it took her ten minutes to decide what to wear. Because of this, there were clothes tossed all over her bed. She did not know what she was more nervous off, Torrence or people seeing her latest showcase. Out of all the paintings she did, her Elements series was her favorite and one she put her heart and soul into. Still, she felt something was missing from the series. Well, she would figure that out another time. She put on a violet dress, pulled her hair back in a clip, and put on her black heels, and put on her make-up. She looked herself in the mirror. She thought she looked decent. She never considered herself a real beauty cause half of the time she had paint on her. She lost count on how many clothes she ruined in the pass years. For once she wanted to feel beautiful, at least for Torrence. But than again, Torrence probably had someone. However, if he did than he wouldn't have flirted with her. Not wanting to dwell on that, Galeena left her apartment.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Torrence and Ankor arrived at Galeena's university at 6:35 pm.

"Wow, there's so many people here." commented Torrence.

"This university is a very prominent art school. It produces good artists here. Galeena is the best to come out of it."

"She'd be famous in Fraidel too."

"Indeed. Well, let's go."

Torrence nodded and got out. It was a pleasant evening and Torrence found himself enjoying the weather here. The weather was similar to his own kingdom. All thoughts of the weather went out of his mind though when he entered the foyer of the Fine Arts building. There were paintings and other works of fine art everywhere! Some things he never seen before. He could see the beauty in all of them. But their beauty did not even come close to Galeena when he spotted her. He had to check himself to make sure his tongue was not hanging out, or worse, drooling. In that instant he wanted to devour every inch of her. But he knew he could not, not yet anyway. Galeena had also spotted him and excusing herself, came over to him and Henry. Seeing the look in his eyes made her blush and wanted to run for cover. Both stood there looking at each other before Ankor broke the ice.
