 A/N: All right, I am so glad I was able to update so soon after my previous update. I think ya'll will like this next part for it's the most important part so far hehe. And I hope this part makes up for my inconsistancy of posting hehe. Enjoy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Torrence couldn't concentrate. He felt torn inside. He wanted to talk to Galeena, but at the same time, he didn't want to push her.

"Be patient, Torrence." he told himself.

Hearing a knock on the door caught him off guard.

"Yes?" he called out.

He could not hide his surprise when Galeena came through the door. She was grinning too. She closed the door and locked it. The sound might as well had been an explosion for he felt his heart burst. Galeena watched his expression as she walked towards him, Torrence wanted to stand up, but he felt glued to the chair. Galeena knelt before him and folded her arms over his legs.

"Torrence, I love you too and I do want to marry you."

Now Torrence thought he was dreaming. Seeing that he was still in shock, Galeena stood up and sat in his lap before wrapping her arms around his neck and kissed him. When Torrence realized this wasn't a dream, he responded by wrapping his arms around her and quickly took charge of the kiss. After a few minutes, Galeena pulled back.

"Are you sure Galeena?" Torrence asked.

"Yes, I want to go with you. I love you."

"What about your family?"

"I told them I was going away with you. Ankor said I could tell him maternal grandma the truth. And I did because I trust her completely."

"It's not going to be easy."

"I didn't expect it to be."

Torrence nodded and smiled.

"You've just made me the happiest man alive."

"Why don't you show me than?"

"But, Galeena . . ."

"No buts. I don't want to wait. I've been waiting for you my whole life, and I am tired of waiting. Please, make love to me."

Torrence couldn't deny her. Picking Galeena up, he walked to the bed and laid her on it.

"I'll try to be gentle." he said.

"I know. I trust you." Galeena replied before reaching out to him.

Taking her hand, Torrence kissed each and every finger lightly before kissing her palm. He had dreamt of this moment for a long time. Now he could live it. Slowly, he began to undress her. He started with her sandals, before kissing and rubbing her ankles. Galeena giggled.

"Ticklish?"

"Yes."

Torrence grinned and saved that fact for another time. Moving right along, he moved his hands up to her blouse and began unbuttoning it. Galeena's heart began to beat faster. Soon he discarded her blouse. Torrence saw that she was wearing a bra. Ankor told him about such things and found that he liked it on Galeena, but he'd like it better if she was out of it. Seeing it had front clasps, he unhooked them, before removing her bra.

"You are so much more beautiful than the dream Galeena." Torrence said softly.

And it was true. Her ample breasts filled his hands. Training had roughed his hands, but her skin was soft and smooth. Torrence tortured them both by simply touching her slowly. He massaged her breasts together and tweaked her nipples.

"Torrence . . ." Galeena moaned.

"Easy, my love." Torrence soothed her before unbuckling the belt on her skirt.

After that, he unbuttoned her skirt and unzipped it. Instead of taking it off though, he inserted his hand inside her skirt and on top of her panties. He was driving her crazy! Torrence grinned when he felt her heat. Not wanting to torture her too much, he removed his hand and took off her skirt, revealing her white panties. Looking Galeena over, he thought she looked like an offering to the gods. And he was going to enjoy her thoroughly. Galeena could feel herself blushing from head-to-toe.

"Torrence?" she asked.

"Patience love." Torrence replied.

Placing his hands on each side of her waist, he slowly removed her last article of clothing. Totally nude now, Galeena was tempted to cover herself, but found that she enjoyed the look on Torrence's face. Galeena never saw herself as a real beauty, but Torrence made her feel that way. And he was about to turn her into a woman. That thought had her a little frighten.

Torrence must have sensed that because he said, "It'll be okay Galeena. I'll go as slow as I can."

After saying that, Torrence began to undress. Where he was slow in undressing Galeena, he was quicker in taking his own clothes off. Galeena could not take her eyes off of him. When he removed his boxers, Galeena gaped.

"Galeena? What's wrong?" Torrence asked.

"You're . .big." she replied, referring to his manhood.

How on earth was that going to fit in her womanhood? Fearing Galeena was about to spring, Torrence took her chin into his hand and made her look into his face.

"Don't think about it." he said before kissing her.

All thoughts of him fitting left her mind. Coaxing her into submission, Torrence got her to open her mouth so he could kiss her more deeply. Galeena moaned when his tongue invaded her mouth. Soon Torrence moved and before Galeena knew it, he was on top of her. But she was too distracted to even realize it. Her body was starting to heat up. Torrence's hands began to rover over her body. He could not get enough of her. Distracting her with kisses he moved his hand to her heat. Galeena lifted her hips on instinct. Feeling her wetness, Torrence inserted a few fingers into her. She was very tight. Galeena moaned in please and felt her first orgasm coming. When Torrence's fingers reached the evidence of her virginity, Galeena crested as the heat took her over the edge. Torrence could hardly believe her responsiveness. Not wanting to wait any longer, he removed his fingers and placed the head of his shaft at her entrance. Kissing Galeena as deeply as he could, Torrence placed his hands on her hips and slowly penetrated her. Despite his gentleness, Galeena squirmed uncomfortably. Still, Torrence pressed on, moving as slowly as he could. Her heat and tightness were driving him crazy though. Her squirming was not helping either, but making it worse. Still, his determination not to hurt her drove him on.

When he reached her maidenhead, he pulled his head up and said in a husky voice, "This might hurt a little."

"I trust you." Galeena whispered.

Kissing her again, Torrence thrusts through her barrier. Galeena screamed into his mouth in pain. For the next few minutes, Torrence remained still in order for Galeena to get use to him. Lifting his head, Torrence saw a few tears flowing down Galeena's cheek. Kissing the tears, he whispered endearments into her ear. Soon Galeena became use to him. She even moved her hips a bit, causing Torrence to groan. Sensing that her pain had subsided, Torrence slowly began to move again until he was all the way in her. During this time, Galeena's hands had moved to his back and traced his scars, proving he was a warrior. And the pleasure she was feeling caused her to loose more control. Torrence responded in kind and began thrusting in earnest. Both had never felt this way before. The flame of desire raged within them both so powerfully that they thought their hearts and soul merged into one. They screamed out each other's name as they both crested. Torrence ended up emptying himself into her. He was spent, but did not collapse on Galeena. Galeena could not believe what had just happened too.

"Whoa." she gasped.

Torrence chuckled.

"Definitely." he added before moving.

He settled on his back and Galeena curled towards him. Torrence grinned and took her into his arms.

"Galeena, that was amazing. I still can't believe you're here. How do you feel?"

"Wonderful, but sore."

By than, Torrence had enough strength to move. When he saw Galeena's virgin blood, he got up.

"Where you going?" Galeena asked.

"Restroom. Stay there and I'll be right back."

True to his word, Torrence returned with a wash cloth. By this time, Galeena saw her little 'mess'.

"Oh Torrence, I am sorry. I ruined your sheets!"

"It's fine love. I'll get them replaced." Torrence replied before placing the wash cloth on Galeena's mound.

After cleaning her up, he picked her up, walked over to the other side of the bed, and tossed her in it. Galeena laughed as Torrence joined her.

It was late in the afternoon before Galeena and Torrence came out of his room. Galeena couldn't believe she'd taken another shower in one day. Torrence found that making love in the shower was an interesting experience. Galeena had wanted to learn as much as she could about Fraidel before traveling there. So Torrence though it be best for her to learn from Ankor about Fraidel in general, and he would teach her about his clan in particular. They found Ankor in his study and he had a large map of Fraidel on the wall. Ankor turned and smiled at them.

"I can see you've settled things." he chuckled.

Torrence grinned and Galeena blushed.

"Ankor, I wish to learn more about Fraidel." Galeena said.

"Well, it's a good thing I have this map out. Come here and I'll tell you about it."

As the couple came closer, Ankor talked about the map.

"This map shows where all the clans are, or where most of them are."

"Why is that?" asked Galeena.

"Two of the clans are hidden. In fact, the only way I am able to go to these clans is if someone from that clan escorts me."

"What are these clans and how are they invisible?"

"First is the Golden Dragon Clan. They live on an invisible island that moves through the skies of Fraidel. The second one is they Light Dragon Clan. They live in this mountain range, the Mysry Mountains, which is hidden by magic and fog." Ankor replied before pointing to the areas where the two clans preside.

Unlike the these two areas, the others showed where the clans resided exactly.

"Ankor, why have those two clans become hidden?" Torrence asked.

"I've asked but they won't tell me."

This surprised Torrence. In Fraidain history, all clans were close, even the two hidden ones. The fact that they became so isolated and won't even tell Ankor why was startling. Galeena saw the solemn faces of Ankor and Torrence and decided to move on.

"What about the other clans?" she asked.

Ankor nodded and showed her where the other clans were, including Torrence's clan.

"Wow, all of these places sound great. Will I be able to see them all, at least the ones not hidden?"

Both Torrence and Ankor looked at each other.

"You will see Cystralla and the Enigma Cliffs. My clan is establishing an alliance with the Wind Dragon Clan and they've already made an alliance with the Silver Dragon Clan." Torrence said.

Galeena sensed that there was something going on here, but decided not to press it . .for now.

"Galeena, is there anything else you want to know about Fraidel in general?" Ankor asked her.

Galeena thought about it and could not think of anything.

"No sir." she replied.

"Then, I shall leave you two and Torrence can teach you about his clan. In the meantime, I am contacting the Council and tell them when you're returning." Ankor said before leaving.

Ankor headed back to his study and pulled out his talking crystal ball. If his timing was right, than he'd be catching the council when it had its weekly meeting. Murmuring a few words, the crystal ball lit up before showing Tealor's face. When the council's big talking crystal ball lit up and they saw it was Ankor, they were a little surprised.

"Why Ankor, this is a pleasant surprise. How is his majesty?" Tealor asked.

"He's doing just fine Sir Tealor. Sorry if I am interrupting your meeting, but I wanted to tell you we'll be arriving back on scheduled."

"That's good to hear. How King Torrence been distracted enough?"

"Oh very, but his ready to come home and take on his responsibilities as your king."

"Excellent. Is there anything else?"

"Yes, we'll be arriving in the castle courtyard around 8:00 pm. Also, can you send for Lagina please?"

"Sure thing." Tealor replied before having a servant go fetch her.

Soon Lagina arrived.

"You requested my appearance, councilmen?" she asked.

"Yes Lagina. Ankor wants to talk with you." Tealor answered.

Lagina looked up and smiled.

"Good day Ankor. How are things with you and my brother?"

"Wonderful Lagina. I have a favor to ask you. Torrence and I will be bringing back a young lady with us. I want you to prepare a room for her near the king's chambers."

Ankor could hear the Council gasp. Even the normally composed Lagina looked surprised.

"All right sir. Anything else?" she managed to ask.

"Yes. The young lady will need an entire wardrobe. Here are her basic measurements." Ankor said before giving them.

After he gave them, he added, "You can get better measurements when she arrives."

"Indeed sir. What shoe size does she wear?"

"Oh, sorry Lagina. I don't know that one. You're just going to have to find out when she gets here. That'll be all."

Lagina nodded and after curtseying to the council, she took her leave.

Tealor turned back to Ankor's image and asked, "Who is this lady?"

"Her name is Galeena. She's another reason why Torrence went to Earth."

"And why is that?"

"The boy has been dreaming of her. She's been dreaming of him."

That caught the Council by surprise.

"Are you telling us that she's Torrence's soul mate?"

Ankor nodded. It was common for soul mates to dream of each other and all of the Fraidel clans knew about this concept. The strange thing was that they were from different planets.

"Is this Galeena prepared to leave her home and come here?" Tealor asked.

"Yes, and I would appreciate if you and the other council members would keep this fact to yourselves."

"Which fact?"

"That they're soul mates. I think Torrence should be the one to announce publicly about their connection."

"Very well. We look forward to meeting her. Is that all Ankor?"

"No Sir Tealor. Good day to you." Ankor said before leaving.

Meanwhile, Torrence was teaching Galeena all about his kingdom. Galeena was soaking it all in like a sponge. Torrence couldn't have been more pleased. This would make the transition of living in another world easier for her. Torrence was beginning to wish Friday night was here so he could get her back to his home. Galeena was thinking the same thing. She also wondered if she was to get an engagement ring from him. She was too nervous to ask if it was a tradition though to get an engagement ring. It wasn't long before Ankor returned.

"Torrence, I've informed the Council about Galeena. I've also had Lagina prepare a room for her and a new wardrobe." said Ankor.

"Thanks." Torrence replied.

"Um, but didn't this Lagina need my measurements?" asked Galeena.

"I've given her you basic ones."

"How'd you know that?"

"I used my magic when you were asleep here."

"Oh."

Just than, the dinner bell rang.

"Ah, dinner. Shall we?" Ankor motioned.

Offering his arm, Torrence escorted Galeena into the dining room.

The next few days were busy for everyone. Both Torrence and Ankor taught Galeena her duties when she would become Torrence's wife. Well, the only duties they were familiar with. Torrence told Galeena she would get more help from Lagina and Daphene. She was taught a bit about the royal family line and the current family members. It was a lot to take in, but Galeena was fascinated.

"Are all royal families big?" she asked.

"It depends on the dragon race. The more common the race, the larger the family can be." Ankor replied.

"Is there a limit on how many children a royal couple can have? At least the in the big clans?"

"That's a good question, but I don't remember."

"I don't think there is one in my clan." Torrence replied.

His mind wandered a bit as he imagined Galeena as a mother. He knew instantly she would be a wonderful mother. Galeena was thinking along the same lines as Torrence. She could picture him as a good father. Ankor looked at them and couldn't help but chuckle. No doubt they were thinking about kids.

"All right you two, let's continue on." Ankor replied, getting the two's attention.

Friday arrived sooner than they thought. The house was very busy getting ready for Ankor's departure. Ankor made sure he tied up loose ends. But for the most part he rested because not only did he need enough strength to teleport Torrence and Galeena, but he had to have enough strength to take all the things they were bringing back, which included Galeena's collection. Both Torrence and Galeena got their things together before spending time together. They never ran out of things to say.

"If there's one thing I will miss from this world Galeena, it's the showers." Torrence said causing Galeena to laugh.

"Does Fraidel even have a plumbing or drainage system?"

"Yes, we do, but it's totally different from this world's."

"How so?"

"It be better if I showed you. You're going to get a whole tour of the castle."

"I look forward to it."

It was then she remembered something.

"Torrence, what is the rarest dragon race? I've been meaning to ask."

"Well, now I'd say it's a tie between the Golden dragons and the Light dragons. And that's only because no one has seen them for ages, except Ankor. Originally though, the rarest was the Purple dragon because only one can exist."

That caught Galeena's attention.

"Really? Than what happens when one dyes?"

"Another is born to any race."

"Is there one now?"

"No. The last Purple dragon vanished a long time ago, along with it's partner, the Moonstone holder. The Moonstone vanished as well. No one knows why any of them vanished, not even Ankor. The Moonstone was said to be more powerful than all the other stones combined and it's holder the most powerful being on Fraidel."

Galeena's eyes opened wide. That was the final piece she was missing from her collection. She wondered what happened to the dragon and the holder. The thought soon left her mind when Torrence leaned in and kissed her.

That evening they ate their last meal, but only a light one for Ankor had contacted the Council one last time and they said there would be a banquet celebrating Torrence's return. After dinner they got ready. Ankor changed Torrence's appearance back to original one. Galeena found she liked his appearance better this way. Ankor also changed their clothes to Fraidel garb. Galeena couldn't help but admire the simple and elegant gown she wore. It was a pale blue dress with a braided cord around her waist. Torrence liked how she looked too.

"So are we ready?" Ankor asked the couple.

They were outside in the courtyard. The full moon was shining brightly. Both Torrence and Galeena nodded. The three waved to the house staff one last time. Ankor said a few words before casting a protective ring. As the magic and air started to stir, Galeena glanced up at the moon to see a shadow come across it. Feeling a sense of dread, she tried moving out of Torrence's arms, but he held on tight.

"He needs support." Galeena whispered.

Torrence looked at the wizard and saw he was struggling to hold the spell together. Nodding to Galeena, Torrence and her moved closer and each placed a hand on Ankor's shoulders. Ankor was a bit surprised, but grateful. He did not want to admit it, but he needed the support. Something was trying to break his hold. But with Torrence and Galeena's help, he could overcome it. With that, he placed another spell that separated them from the staff. Finally, he casts the final spell and they were gone in an instant.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: From here on out, the whole story will take place on Fraidel. And this story is far from over too hehe.