 A/N: Oh man I am so sorry people. Here's the last part of Ch. 5. This also signifies the end of the first part of the story which focused around Torrence and Galeena meeting and all that. I also have an important announcement too. I am moving into the college dorms at my university. Normally I use my comp to work on my stories, but I am leaving it home due to it being too much of a hassle and I am going to be using my laptop. I purchased my laptop through the college and it came with restrictions. One of those was blocking 'inappropriate websites'. And unfortunately this site is included because of the adult content. You can be sure I'll be working on this story, but I won't be able to upload it to this site unless I come home for the weekend. I am going to upload this story to Facebook though since that site is allowed. I'll post a link to it on my profile. Anyway, sorry for the delay.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The first thing Galeena heard when they reappeared was cheering. She also felt lightheaded. Luckily, Torrence had a strong arm wrapped around her. Torrence looked at Galeena and then to Ankor. Both looked worn out. Only Ankor tried to mask it. Torrence saw that they were in the courtyard of his home. And it was filled with numerous folk. Torrence guessed the whole kingdom was here. The crowd eventually stops cheering. By this time, Galeena recovered her wits. She turned to look at Torrence. He looked at her and gave her a reassuring smile. Soon the crowd opened a path and Torrence's family came forward along with their dragon partners, including Cerulos. Galeena could not help but gasped in awe. It was one thing to see dragons in her dreams. It was another to see them in person. She managed to tear her eyes away from them to look at the people coming towards them. Torrence kept an arm around Galeena's waist and moved towards his family. Galeena felt nervous. The first to greet them was Lagina and Searon. Torrence had to remove Galeena's arms from around his waist so he could hug his sister. Brother and sister embraced. Torrence was so happy to be home.

"Welcome back brother." Lagina said as she drew back.

"Thank-you." Torrence said before shaking Searon's hand.

"Everything is in order." Searon said.

Torrence nodded.

"Uncle Tor!" five voices shouted.

Suddenly, Torrence was tackled by five kids. Torrence laughed as he looked at and hugged his nieces and nephews. Sirus was the eldest at five. He looked exactly like Searon. Both had royal blue hair and dark brown eyes. Next was Sean who was four. He did not look like any of his parents, rather he looked like Searon's father with golden brown hair and hazel eyes. The triplet girls were three and identical, save for the highlights in their hair. Each looked like Lagina too. Their names were Cypress, Jade, and Pearl. All girls had sapphire blue hair only Cypress had light blue highlights, Jade had light green highlights, and Pearl had white highlights. Searon laughed and Lagina sighed as their kids started bombarding Torrence with questions and comments.

"Children!" Lagina finally barked.

Lagina rarely raised her voice so it was very effective when she did. All kids went silent. "Sorry Torrence, but they really wanted to be here when you got back." Searon said.

"It's fine." Torrence grinned.

Daphene was next to greet him. Torrence saw she had some color back in her cheeks, much to his relief. After her was Meridian, who greeted him with her original enthusiasm by jumping into his arms. Torrence was glad to see some of her spark back. Last to greet him was Tidus and Cerulos.

"Training has been going fine. The question is have you been training?" Tidus asked.

Torrence laughed at his cousin's question.

"Of course I have." he said before looking at his partner.

"It's great to see you again."

Cerulos smiled and nodded.

"Torrence!" someone shouted.

It turned out to be Verdius as he tackled Torrence and licked him. All dragons groaned. Would he ever learn?

"Oh, I am so glad you're back! Hey, who's she?" Verdius asked.

Torrence managed to turn and see Verdius point to Galeena, who had not only hanged back, but was hiding behind Ankor.

"If you move, than I'll tell you." Torrence said.

The young dragon nodded and moved. Torrence got up and went to take Galeena's hand.

"It's okay." he whispered in her ear.

Taking a deep breath, Galeena let him lead her to his family.

"Everyone, this is Galeena. Galeena, this is my younger sister Lagina and her husband Searon." Torrence said.

Lagina came forward and took Galeena's other hand.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Galeena." she said before letting her husband she her hand.

"And these five rascals are Lagina and Searon's kids. Their names are Sirus, Sean, Cypress, Jade, and Pearl." Torrence introduced.

The boys bowed and the triplets curtseyed which surprised Galeena a bit considering how they greeted their uncle. Galeena curtseyed back.

"This is Daphene my sister-in-law." Torrence said next.

Remembering telling her that Daphene was his late brother's wife, Galeena looked at Niron's widow. Daphene smiled as she shook Galeena's hand, but Galeena could feel her inner sadness.

"Welcome to our home." Daphene said.

After her was Meridian. Before Torrence could introduce her, Meridian rushed forward and hugged Galeena. Galeena was a bit surprised by the young lady's exuberance.

"Hi! I am Meridian, Torrence's youngest sibling." she said after pulling back.

Galeena smiled. Looking at the two, Torrance was hoping Galeena would help fill part of the hole of Meridian's heart where their father use to be. Next, Galeena was introduced to Tidus. Than she was introduced to the royal dragons, starting with Cerulos and ending with Verdius. Galeena really liked Verdius.

"Are you anyone's partner yet?" she asked.

"No, but I will be soon. Just don't know who."

"Well, whoever gets you will be lucky."

Than to the surprise of everyone else, Verdius blushed. Having sea green scales, it was pretty obvious.

"Thank you." Verdius managed to say.

"You're welcome." Galeena replied.

Everyone else smiled and giggled a bit.

After introductions were made, most of the crowd dispersed to get ready for the banquet. The council approached to greet Torrence and welcomed Galeena.

"I sure hope you've rested enough your majesty and are ready to rule now." replied Tealor.

It was the first time Torrence had been addressed that way and it caught him a bit off guard. Nether less, he recovered quickly.

"Yes sir." he replied.

Tealor grinned before looking at Galeena.

"And I hope you enjoy yourself tonight my dear."

Galeena smiled.

"Thank you."

With that they went inside the castle. Galeena's eyes took in all the décor and space. It was almost overwhelming.

"Galeena? I will see you soon all right? Lagina and Daphene will show you to your quarters and help you get ready for tonight." Torrence told her.

"All right." she replied.

As much as Torrence wanted to kiss her, he knew it was not an appropriate time. Suddenly, Meridian spoke up.

"Can I accompany them too?"

Torrence turned sharply to his sister and smiled.

"Sure. Is that all right with you Galeena?"

"The more the merrier." Galeena smiled.

And with that, the family parted ways.

Lagina led the way and talked briefly about the parts of the castle as they headed for the royal family's quarters.

"Your rooms are next to my brother's." Lagina replied as they reached Galeena's quarters.

"Will that be all right?" Galeena asked.

"Ankor requested it."

Lagina still did not know what Galeena's relationship with Torrence was, but if she had faith in her observations, and she did, than the two had an intimate one. And that they were in love with each other. It warmed her heart to see Torrence smile like that. And the more Lagina watched Galeena, the more she liked her. Daphene and Meridian were thinking along the same lines as Lagina. Only Meridian was a bit more vocal about it.

"So are you going to marry my brother."

"Meridian!" both Daphene and Lagina snapped.

"It was a simple question."

Galeena had turned red and did not know what to say.

"Meridian, you will find out soon enough. Remember it is Torrence's job to announce it if they are engaged." Lagina said.

"Oh yeah."

"Anyway, here's your quarters Galeena." Lagina said before opening the door.

Galeena could not stop herself from gasping as she entered her first room, which was a combination of a sitting room and a bed chamber. It was like walking into a tropical lagoon with colors of peach, crème, sea green, and turquoise.

"It's wonderful!" Galeena replied.

The three other ladies smiled. Lagina rang for some service.

"We're going to undress you now and get your exact measurements. We'll also pick out a gown for you to wear." she said.

"Oh, you mean this one won't do?" Galeena asked.

The three giggled.

"No, it's quite casual." Lagina replied.

"Oh."

They got Galeena's exact measurements and foot size. Since they did not have enough time to fix Galeena's dress manually, they did a quick spell to make it fit perfectly. She also borrowed a pair of Daphene's slippers since they had the same size. The three left her with her maid to finish her hair since they had to get ready too. Thirty minutes later, Ankor showed up to escort her.

"My dear, you look splendid." he said, wearing his formal robes, which were blue and silver.

Galeena smiled. Her hair was pulled up and was secured by clips with curly locks of hair spiraling over the back of her head. She wore a sapphire blue gown with several petticoats underneath.

"Ankor, I cannot help but feel nervous. What if I mess up or fall flat on my face?" Galeena asked.

"You're doing marvelous dear. Half of the kingdom is already enchanted by you."

"But I have not met half of the kingdom."

"Hehe, I could feel their feelings dear. A blind man could sense the love between you and Torrence."

Galeena blushed, but smiled.

"Shall we join the celebration now?" Ankor asked.

Galeena nodded, placed her hand on his arm, and together they left.

Galeena had no idea what to expect when she and Ankor were formally announced, but she was not ready for the applause that followed. The reception was indescribable. Galeena blushed, but managed to grin. She really was not use to so much attention. She did not even get so much attention when she showed her work because she mostly got individual attention. This was something different all together. Ankor patted her hand in encouragement before leading her to where Torrence's family sat. He sat right next to her. Galeena saw that the other seat next to her was the head of the table and it was empty. She assumed Torrence sat there. Soon, trumpets announced Torrence's arrival.

"Presenting his majesty, the Ruler of the Water Dragon Clan, King Torrence Winston of Ceanus!" the announcer said.

Everyone stood up as Torrence entered. They also bowed or curtseyed. Galeena could not keep her eyes off him. He was every inch a king. His sapphire blue hair was pulled back. He wore a royal blue tunic with metals of his rank. He had a huge midnight blue cape on and black trousers and boots on. He had the king's crown on his head, the Waterstone scepter in one hand, and his sword on his side. His green gaze swept through the entire room before settling on Galeena. It suddenly dawned on her that she was going to marry this man. It was one thing to promise herself to a man, it was another to promise herself to a king. Galeena felt unworthy at that moment. Torrence was every inch a royal, even without his royal attire. She was basically a commoner. She suddenly wanted to bolt, but Ankor must have picked up on her nervous energy and placed his hands on hers.

"It will be all right." he whispered in her ear.

Galeena nodded and tried to calm down.

"You may be seated." Torrence instructed.

He was having his own internal struggle. Galeena was enchanting in the clothes she wore. Torrence was tempted to run down there, toss her over his shoulder, and find the nearest bedroom. But he remembered his duty. He made his way through the room before sitting at the head of the main table. Looking at Galeena, he noticed how nervous she was. She was not even looking at him. Before he could talk to her though, he had to do one last thing.

"Let the feast begin."

Servants appeared with huge platters of food on trays that rolled out before placing them on tables.

Torrence turned to Galeena and asked quietly, "Is something wrong Galeena?"

Galeena was startled by his question and looked at his concerned face.

In a low voice she asked, "Are you sure you want to marry me?"

Torrence could not hide his surprise, but smiled warmly.

"Oh yes I am sure. Why do you ask?"

"Well, you're royalty and I'm . . ."

"Galeena, I could care less what your ranking is. I love you. And besides, I may be king, but I am still the same man you've always known."

Galeena looked into his eyes and saw he was telling the truth. Still, she wanted to prove to his subjects that she was worthy of him.

The meal was exquisite. Galeena had never ate so much in her life. She enjoyed Torrence's family too. It was a little strange though talking to dragons. The one she felt the most at ease with though was Verdius. She thought it might have been because he was not as large as his brother Skyro or his cousin Cerulos. But no, that was not it. Despite his exuberant nature, Verdius had a sweet side and Galeena felt a kinship with him. She was talking to Verdius when Torrence stood up and got everyone's attention. All conversation stopped and everyone turned to him.

"My people. I want to thank everyone for coming tonight and for the warm welcome home. I personally want to thank my family for taking care of things while I was gone. Now I want to tell all of you where I went and why I went there. The place I went to is another planet called Earth. I had been dreaming of it. I've also been dreaming of someone else. And she is sitting right next to me. Her name is Galeena Stellar and she is the real reason why I went to Earth. She has come to be the most precious person I've ever met. Now in front of you and the kingdom, I shall make this proposal."

Galeena had already been shocked by his announcement, and when she saw Torrence kneel in front of her, she nearly fainted.

Torrence took her hand and said aloud, "Galeena, I know we have already made our promises in private, but now I want to make it official."

Galeena did not know if she could take anymore surprises. Well, she was about to get one more. Torrence pulled out a little box out of his pocket and opened it up. It was the ring Daphene gave him. Galeena had never seen anything so beautiful.

Torrence took a deep breath and asked, "I shall ask you again my love. Will you marry me?"

It took Galeena a few heartbeats to respond.

"Yes."

The applause was instant. People cheered and dragons roared. But Torrence and Galeena were oblivious to the raucous as he placed the ring on her finger before pulling her into his arms and kissing her in front of everyone. The noise became even louder when he did that. The two kissed for a couple minutes before Torrence pulled back. If it was not for Torrence's strong arms holding Galeena, she would have fallen to the ground. He kissed the wind out of her. Torrence chuckled at her expression as he helped her sit down. It took Galeena a few minutes before she could gather her wits. By then the crowd had died down. The meal continued. Galeena found herself talking to Daphene.

"Um, do you mind if I ask you something personal?" she asked.

"You may." Daphene replied.

"Torrence told me you were expecting. How far along are you?"

"Hehe, five months."

"Really? You look great. I would not have known."

Indeed, Daphene was tall at five feet and nine inches and barely showed. Even though she was three months pregnant when Torrence left, time moves quicker on Fraidel so by the time Torrence returned, she was five months pregnant.

"I sure hope your baby is doing well." Galeena commented.

"I do too."

"Um, are you able to tell?"

"Yes. The Water Dragon Clan specializes in healing techniques and other health issues so there are healers who look after pregnancies. I have some of the best and so far they say the baby is fine."

"Can you tell if it's a boy or a girl?"

"Unfortunately no. But that's okay."

During this time, Torrence was talking to Tidus.

"The yearly conference will be soon." Tidus said.

"Yes, I almost forgotten it." Torrence replied.

"You don't sound thrilled."

"It is because tensions are running high. Sir Tealor informed me that the Red Dragon Clan sent their condolences about my father and brother and their partners, but made it perfectly clear they had no involvement with their deaths. And they found out we've made an alliance with the Wind Dragon Clan. To say they are not happy would be an understatement."

"Why is that?"

"Don't you remember that Rowan's father died over there last year? While the Red Dragon Clan blames the Wind Dragon Clan for his death, Zephyr swears his clan had nothing to do with it."

Zephyr was the Wind Dragon Clan's leader.

"Things are certainly a mess." Tidus added.

Torrence nodded. He looked over at Galeena, who was talking to Meridian about wedding plans. Torrence knew he was going to have to tell her about the current troubles eventually and was dreading it. Galeena was the kind of person who worried about others. But at the same time, she would not like being left in the dark. Torrence remembered hearing from his father on how his mother got after him for not keeping her informed of his problems for marriage was a partnership in her eyes. Torrence looked over at Meridian. There was another complication. Meridian and Rowan had feelings for each other and if something went wrong, Meridian's heart would be torn apart again. He did not want that to happen.

"You look serious. Is something wrong?" someone asked.

Torrence turned to see it was Galeena who asked him that.

"Yes, but I'll tell you later okay?" he replied.

Galeena nodded and let the matter drop for now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Later that night Galeena laid in bed awake. She could not fall asleep. Too much was going through her mind. Suddenly, the door to her room opened. Galeena sat up and looked at who came into her room. She saw that it was Torrence.

"Can't sleep?" Torrence asked as he approached the bed.

"Yes, I have a lot on my mind. You could not sleep too?"

"No, I could not sleep. Can I join you?"

Galeena blushed and said, "Yes."

After joining her in bed, Torrence gathered her into his arms and she snuggled into his embrace.

"Torrence? What was troubling you earlier?"

"Oh, the growing tensions between the clans. It's a complicated situation and I don't know how to handle it yet."

"Aw, well my granny use to tell me that if you cannot fix anything at that moment, than do no worry about it until you can."

"Hehe, so you are saying not to worry for now and try to get some sleep huh?"

"Yes."

"All right, but for now . . ." Torrence said before moving on top of her and kissing her deeply.

"Do you have any objections?" Torrence asked as he pulled up a bit.

"None in the least." Galeena giggled, her face already flushed.

Torrence chuckled before taking her back to that place where only lovers went.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: Again sorry for the inconsistency of posting. At least I didn't leave ya'll on a cliff hanger right?