 A/N: Oh gosh I finally updated. I am at another part of the story where it's slowed paced so I need to give myself an extra kick just write stuff. The good news is I don't leave you on a cliffhanger this time. This here is the first part to Ch. 6. Enjoy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Chapter VI
The Council
Of Fraidel



Galeena woke up slowly. Turning, she saw that she was alone. She touched where Torrence laid and felt that it was still warm. She looked at the windows on the other side of the bedroom. Sunlight was peeking through the curtains. That meant it was still early. At that moment, Galeena remembered she was not wearing anything. Also, at the same time she remembered last night. Galeena stretched a little and sighed. She still could not believe how much her life had changed in just a few weeks. Normally she would not have liked so many changes in such a short time, but she did not regret any of the decisions she made, not for one moment. Her thoughts were interrupted though when her stomach growled. This surprised Galeena, considering all the food she ate last night. Getting up, she found her nightgown on the floor and put it on before finding a robe on a chair. After putting it on, Galeena tried to remember what to do next. Than she remembered that Lagina told her to ring for her maid if she needed anything. She pulled on a chord to ring for the maid. A few minutes later, her maid appeared.

"Good morning miss. Is there anything you need?" she asked.

"Yes, I am pretty hungry."

"Breakfast will be ready in an hour."

"Oh, will it be served where I ate last night?"

"No miss. That place is only used for banquets. Most meals are served in the royal family dining hall. His majesty said you may eat here if you like or you can eat with the rest of the royal family."

"I'd like to eat with the family please."

"Very well miss. Now, shall we get you ready for the day?"

"Yes please."

After a quick bath, Galeena was dressed in a sky blue and golden yellow day gown with a square cut neckline. Her hair was braided in every which way before being pulled into one braid that was wrapped into a bun at the knap of her neck. She was escorted to where breakfast was being served. Searon, Lagina, and Daphene were already there.

"Good morning Galeena. I am surprised you got up early." Lagina greeted her.

"I have always been an early riser. Where is everyone else?" Galeena asked as she sat down.

"Torrence and his men just finished training so they're cleaning up right now. But do not worry, Torrence and Titus will be here soon. And Meridian is always late."

"What about the royal dragons and Ankor?"

"The royal dragons hunt together and Ankor is still asleep so he won't be joining us this morning."

This concerned Galeena. Last night's activities must have really worn him, more so than she thought. Soon Torrence and Titus arrived in casual attire, having already cleaned up.

"Good morning everyone." Torrence greeted as he walked up to the table.

"Good morning." he family said.

Then without warning, Torrence leaned down and kissed Galeena. As Torrence pulled back, he saw her face turn red.

"Good morning love." he said.

"Good morning." she managed to say.

Breakfast was about to be served when Meridian rushed into the room.

"I am sorry I am late." she gasped.

Lagina sighed and said, "Meridian, you were already late so there was no point in rushing down here.

Meridian frowned, but said nothing as she sat down.

Galeena enjoyed breakfast. The more she got to know Torrence's family, the more she liked them too.

"Galeena, after breakfast would you like to take a tour of the palace?" Lagina asked.

"Yes I would." Galeena replied.

"Not yet Lagina." Torrence said.

"You have something else planned brother?" Lagina asked.

"Yes, I am going to assemble all free and available dragons. Galeena needs a partner."

"Oh yes she does."

"I do?" Galeena asked.

"Yes, since you are to be my wife, you need to have your own partner." Torrence replied.

"I can't wait."

Galeena wondered how a partner was picked. Did she simply pick one, or was it something else? She would find out eventually.

"So when's the wedding?" Meridian suddenly asked.

"Meridian, you'll find out when the banns are posted. And even then it might be up to a year." Daphene said.

Galeena nearly choked on her juice.

"A year?" she asked.

Well, that was a normal waiting time, but Galeena was worried. She already had unprotected sex with Torrence and it was around her peak time during her cycle. She always knew when she was at her most fertile because she had a very regular cycle.

"Actually Daphene, the banns will be posted tomorrow and the wedding will be a month from that date." Torrence replied.

He had seen Galeena's face and knew why she was concerned. It was the reason why he wanted a short engagement. Plus, he did not want to wait long anyway. Now it was Lagina and Daphene's turn to look shock.

"One month! That's impossible! Do you realize how hard it is to plan a wedding? Especially a royal one?" the usually calm Lagina asked loudly.

"Calm down dearest. I am sure your brother has a very good reason for this decision." Searon said gently.

Lagina took a deep breath.

"Forgive me, that was out of hand." she said.

"Still, Torrence, you are asking a lot out of us." Daphene commented.

"I know. That's why I've contacted Tamera and Tallisa for help. They'll be here this afternoon." Torrence replied.

This announcement earned a groan from Titus.

"You are just now telling me this?" he replied.

"Yes, and if anyone can help plan a wedding on short notice, it's them."

"Hmm, Tamera and Tallisa are Titus's older sisters if I remember correctly." Galeena recalled from the time she learned about the royal family line.

"You have a good memory Galeena." Torrence grinned.

"Well, I am glad I am getting all this help with the wedding for I've never planned one or even been to one."

Everyone else looked surprised.

"Than this wedding will be extra special than." Meridian grinned.

"Galeena, I am sorry your family won't be able to come. I wish your parents could be there." Daphene said.

Her words triggered something in Galeena and she suddenly remembered the time when she was looking at her parents' wedding album with her parents. She had been six at the time.

"Wow, mommy, you sure look pretty. What are those things on your back and why don't you have them now?" a young Galeena asked.

"Hehe, those are wings, Leena. But they aren't real so that is why I am not wearing them now." Galeena's mother said.

Harmony Stellar was an elegant woman and it was obvious where Galeena inherited most of her looks from. However, Harmony's eyes a brilliant violet color. Galeena got her blue eyes from her father, Christopher Stellar. His hair was blue-black and it always seemed to shine. For a moment one would never guess that this level-headed businessman was a total romantic.

"Daddy, what are you?" Galeena asked him.

"I am a king sweet pea. And your momma is a faerie queen. That's why she had wings on." Christopher explained.

"Ooooohhh, can I have wings when I get married? Only I want dragon wings!"

"Sure thing darling and your daddy and I will be there." her mother said hugging her.

Galeena's memory brought tears to her eyes.

"Galeena, are you okay?" Torrence asked, bringing her attention back to the present.

"Oh, yes, I'll be okay. Just thinking of my parents." Galeena answered.

"Why can't Galeena's parents come?" Meridian asked.

Suddenly, Torrence remembered that he never told his family about Galeena's parents.

"Shall I tell them love?" Torrence asked Galeena.

She nodded.

"Galeena's parents died when she was ten years old."

The mood in the room suddenly became more somber.

"Oh, Galeena, we're so sorry." Lagina replied.

"It's okay." Galeena said.

"Can I make a suggestion?" asked Meridian.

"Sure."

"Well, traditionally we always have empty seats for departed loved ones. We were already going to have seats for our parents and Niron, so how about we add two more for Galeena's parents."

"Why Meridian, that's a fine idea." Lagina replied, very proud of her sister at that moment.

"Yes it is. Thank you." smiled Galeena.

Meridian smiled back, glad she got Galeena to smile. She also wondered if Galeena had anyone to cry to when her parents died. She found out Galeena had no siblings and Meridian could not imagine growing up with no brothers or sisters. Her siblings, especially Lagina, had been lifesavers in the past few months. They had been there when she needed to cry, even Torrence. He came to her room after last night's banquet to check on her and she was grateful for that. And of course, there was Rowan. He had been writing to her more often since he learned of her loss. And they had been dreaming of each other too, so there was no doubt they were soul mates. However, both agreed to keep it to themselves until tensions died down, but that could be awhile yet and Rowan was starting to think it was best to tell their loved ones now. It was complicated, but Meridian the same happiness as her siblings had. Soon, they finished breakfast.

"I have one more announcement before we leave." Torrence said as he stood up.

Everyone else looked at him.

"The annual conference will be here this year. It's going to be in five more days. I sent out reminders before I left and have received answers from every clan except from the Light and Golden Dragon Clans." he announced.

Galeena wondered how messages were sent here, especially to the two hidden ones.

"Torrence, how do you contact the clans?" she asked.

"We send hawks to the clans." Torrence answered.

"What about the two hidden ones?"

"We have two special hawks for them because they're magical and can find the places. This time though, the hawks did not return."

"That is strange." commented Titus.

"When was the last time those clans attended an annual conference?" asked Searon.

"Fifteen years at least. I do remember that the leaders were female and their heirs were female too." Torrence said.

"Do you remember the rulers at all?" asked Galeena.

"I use to, but it feels like the memories are getting foggy." Torrence said with a confused look on his face.

"Funny, Niron told me the same thing once. He use to try to make an effort to remember, but then he got headaches so he stopped." Daphene added.

Galeena did not like this. Something told her this was connected to all the problems recently, but she was not sure yet. Whatever it was could spell potential dangers in the future. She wished she could help, but she did not know how.

"Let's not worry about it now. It would do us no good to worry about it if we cannot do anything about it for now." Meridian replied.

They all agreed and finished breakfast.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Soon after breakfast, Torrence assembled all the eligible dragons in the courtyard. On Fraidel the selections were always the same. The dragon had to be eighteen in dragon years and the maximum age was fifty dragon years. Also, a dragon was given a choice to even become a partner. Not all dragons could become partners so that is why there was a choice. A dragon was given this choice when they turned thirteen in dragon years. The dragon would then breathe fire into a sacred chalice that was five feet tall. This magical object would be used again in the Selection Ceremony. The human who was selecting would go up to the chalice and place a hand on it. A flame would come out of it and circle the dragon that was meant for the person. All of this was explained to Galeena. It certainly seemed simple enough, but Galeena was still nervous because this would affect her for the rest of her life. Right now she was standing next to Torrence and Ankor, who had awaken in time for this. Torrence was wearing a coronet around his head to signify his position. It had a sapphire in the center. Torrence had told Galeena that his crown was only worn for huge events. Cerulos wore something similar only it went around his neck like a brace. The rest of Torrence's family was there with their partners as well the council. Galeena told herself to breathe. Torrence saw how nervous she was and placed a hand on her shoulder. Galeena turned to him and saw his reassuring smile. She grinned and nodded. Taking his eyes off Galeena, Torrence turned and looked at all who gathered. All the eligible dragons in the kingdom were there. All of them lived in the capital just in case something like this happened. Stepping forward, Torrence waved his arms to silence the crowd.

"I thank all of you for showing up. My wife-to-be needs a partner so we are holding a Selection Ceremony today." he announced.

Torrence turned to Galeena and signaled for her to come over. Galeena gulped nervously, but came over.

"Now Galeena, place your hand on the chalice and open your heart to the magic of it." Torrence instructed.

"Yes my lord." Galeena replied, trying to be dignified.

Slowly she stepped towards the chalice. Taking a deep breath, Galeena closed her eyes as she touched the object. It immediately lit up as a flame came out of the chalice. It swirled around Galeena immediately and than began to swirl around the whole area before swirling around a dragon and entering him. It was Verdius. Everyone there looked surprised, even Verdius. The only person who wasn't surprised was Galeena. Instead, she was delighted. Torrence came forward again.

"It has been decided. Verdius, son of Tyrus and Selaina, will be Galeena's partner." he announced.

The crowd cheered and the dragons roared in celebration. Without thinking, Galeena rushed forward and hugged Verdius. Verdius blushed from head to tail. Torrence smiled and Ankor chucked, who had been pleased with the results.

"This Selection Ceremony is over. Thank you everyone!" Torrence said before dismissing the crowd.

Lagina came forward.

"Shall we take that tour now Galeena?" she asked.

Galeena pulled away from Verdius and looked at Lagina.

"Oh yes. Torrence will you be coming?" Galeena asked him.

"Sorry Galeena. I would love to but I have to catch up on my duties. I'll see you for lunch though." Torrence answered.

Galeena tried to hide her disappointment, but Torrence saw her reaction.

He came forward and took Galeena's hands in his before speaking in a low voice, "I really am sorry Galeena. Believe me if I did not have so many things to catch up on right now, I'd give you the tour myself. Once I am caught up and I have everything settled, I will try my best to be with you okay?"

Galeena smiled and nodded. She had to keep reminding herself that Torrence was a king and had been warned he'd be busy when they returned to Fraidel. Still, she was happy he wanted to spend time with her. Seeing Galeena smile, Torrence leaned in and kissed her before leaving. Once Torrence left, Ankor came over.

"Shall I be a suitable replacement for the tour my dear?" he asked.

"Of course Ankor. Verdius are you coming?" Galeena smiled at her new partner.

"Yep! Wherever you go, I go!" Verdius shouted, forcing the others to cover their ears.

"Verdius, lower your voice." scolded Lagina.

"Oh sorry."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: There you have it. I really love Verdius! This story will get dark at times and he's part of the comic relief that I feel is always needed in a good story. The tour is next and I am working on it right now so hopefully it won't be too long before I update. Thank you for your patience.