 A/N: Egad! Okay people, the reason why I have been absent for a very long time is because of college. I was in last semesters and all my creative energy was focused on that since I was getting my Bachelor in Fine Arts. Needless to say I finally graduated, but want to go to grad school now. Several people have contacted me asking if I was going to keep doing the story. I do plan on continuing this story mark my words. I just apologize for the inconsistency of my submissions. I finally got over a hill too. I always connect major points in the story together somehow and those parts always are the hardest to write because connections are so important. Anyway, here's the next part of Ch. 6. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Galeena could not believe how big the palace was. The first area they started in was the family area. Galeena was shown Lagina and Searon's living quarters. Nearby was one of many nurseries. The triplets were there with their two nannies. The girls asked their mother to play with them and Lagina promised she would after lunch. Lagina said her sons were with Searon doing outdoor activities.

"He always makes sure to spend time with all our children." Lagina said after they left the nursery.

"Do you both get alone time?" Galeena asked.

"Oh yes, but it is hard sometimes."

"I always remind her to make sure they get alone time once a week." Added Lagina's dragon partner, a dark blue dragon named Coreal.

Galeena noted that Coreal didn't talk much, but when she did, it sounded meaningful. It turned out that Coreal was Cerulos's sister from another batch and was older than him. Both siblings were very similar in disposition. Galeena had asked Ankor back on Earth what happened to the dragons when their partners died and he said they still remained part of the royal family, but normally lived elsewhere. Dragons were considered citizens and could do pretty much what they wanted to do. No species was more important on Fraidel and that was something Galeena wished would happen on earth. Lagina was thinking about her future sister-in-law and wondered what it was about Galeena that made her so at ease and felt she could tell her anything. It was unlike her really for she was pretty reserved when it came to getting to know people she just met. Normally she was the listener rather than the conversationalist.

The next place they visited was Daphene's quarters, but she wasn't there at the moment.

"Where is she?" Galeena asked.

"Today she has her monthly check up with our Natal Healers." Lagina explained.

Next were Meridian's chambers. Lagina told Galeena that Meridian barely spent any time indoors and was most likely flying with her partner, a cerulean blue male dragon named Icarus. Icarus use to be like Verdius, but had mellowed out a bit and was fiercely protective and watchful of his partner.

They headed to the king's area and Galeena was shown her new private studio. Apparently, Torrence told his family she painted.

"I hope to see your work soon Galeena. Torrence said you're magnificent." Lagina said, causing Galeena to blush.

Next was the royal family's music room. Galeena instantly gravitated to the grand piano.

"Do you know how to play?" Lagina asked.

"Yes I do. My mother first taught me and then my granny did. However, I haven't played much in the past three years."

Lagina nodded. She was tempted to ask why, but felt it wasn't her business. Verdius wanted Galeena to play now, but Galeena promised she would another time. During this time, Ankor was content to be silent, adding a few words here and there. He was enjoying watching Galeena's reaction to her new home. After leaving the royal family's wing, they toured the Council's wing as well as their families' living quarters.

Time passed by quickly for Galeena. By the time they saw the kitchens, armory, galleries, servant quarters, and the plumbing, it was already time for lunch. Once again Galeena found herself eating with Torrence's family, only this time Ankor was with them.

"How are you enjoying the tour so far Galeena?" Torrence asked her.

"Oh, it's wonderful! The people here are so nice." Galeena smiled.

"I am glad. Next you'll be shown the palace grounds. Since Lagina promised to play with my nieces after lunch, you'll have to put up with my company."

"Oh really?" laughed Galeena.

She was very happy at that moment. Torrence was just as happy. Meridian decided to join them and Ankor opted out this time saying he wanted to rest for a bit. This statement earned a worried look from Galeena, but Ankor assured her he was okay.

"You try being my age and walking all over the palace." Ankor teased, causing Galeena to giggle.

After lunch, Torrence showed Galeena the palace grounds with Meridian and their partners. First were the gardens, which Galeena loved. Most of the flora she had never seen before. It was breathtaking! Next came the orchards. Galeena was surprised to see some fruits she recognized. She was allowed to try a few of the fruits she never seen before. Her favorite was a white, tender fruit shaped like a starfish called an acunas. It was very sweet and reminded her of a kiwi. After that, Torrence showed her the training grounds and the smith.

"I think it is abut time we head back. Tallisa and Tamera should be here soon." Torrence suggested.

"Sure. I can't wait to meet them." Galeena replied.

"Oh you'll love them Galeena! They're so much fun!" exclaimed Meridian.

Galeena smiled as they head back to the palace.

When they got back, there was some commotion.

"Looks like they are already here." commented Torrence.

A servant approached them and told Torrence that Lady Tamera and Lady Tallisa were there and were asking for him.

"They are in your study your majesty." he said.

"Thank you." Torrence replied before leading Galeena, Meridian, and their partners to his study.

"Torrence, I know this sounds random, but I have a silly question." Galeena said.

"Sure."

"I know all the doors have to be large enough for dragons to go through them, but how is it we're able to open them? They look very heavy."

"That's not a silly question Galeena. I don't know exactly how we're able to open them either. I have heard that the wood that is used is enchanted where it can feel lite or heavy when you need it to be."

"Aw."

Soon they make it to Torrence's study where they hear female chatter on the other side of the door. Torrence entered followed by Meridian and their partners, but Galeena lingered at the doorway, too nervous to go in. Verdius remained by her side and for once kept silent. Galeena peaked in to see two identical ladies with bright green hair and hazel eyes greet Torrence warmly. Meridian came forward and hugged the twins.

"Got here as quickly as possible cousin!" said one wearing what appeared to be a high fashion traveling dress, at least by Fraidel standards.

To Galeena, it looked something from the Victorian era because both gowns had high necklines, bustles, and corsets on. The only difference between them was the coloring. One was blue and the other had green and gold on it. The one who just spot was in the blue.

"I thank you both for coming on short notice, Tamera. Your rooms are ready." Torrence said.

"Oh we know darling Torrence. The servants have already taken our things there." the other one replied.

That must be Tallisa, Galeena thought.

"So where's the bride Torrence?" Tamera asked.

Torrence was a bit surprised when Galeena did not come in.

He turned to Galeena and called out, "Come in dear. It's okay."

Galeena nodded and slowly came in. Up closer, she saw the twins had one physical difference. Tallisa had dimples and Tamera had a tiny mole above her right eyebrow. The twins and Galeena curtseyed after Torrence introduced them. He also introduced the ladies' partners, two female dragons, Janessa and Jasmine, who were sisters as well.

"Oh Galeena, we are so pleased to meet you!" Tallisa said, taking one of Galeena's hands.

"Indeed! We were so surprised when we learned Torrence was getting married." Tamera added, taking her other hand.

"We were totally shocked though when we were told how soon the wedding was!"

"But now that we've met you, we can why."

Galeena blushed causing the twins to giggle. 

"Ladies, give Galeena some air to breath." Torrence said, seeing how overwhelmed Galeena looked.

Galeena recovered and responded, "Oh no they're wonderful. And I really appreciate you two helping out."

"Oh you are a dear, aren't you?" Tallisa said, patting Galeena's cheek.

"Your wedding is going to be the best one we've done!" added Tamera.

Galeena noticed that when one spoke, the other added something. She heard that twins sometimes finished each other thoughts too. The twins also seemed to be on a constant sugar high. She was beginning to see why Titus avoided them. It was probably because of their high energy that wore people out. Still, in Galeena's opinion, this high energy would be a good thing for they would be able to get things done quickly at least. She just hoped they could do things efficiently.

"Galeena has never been to a wedding." Meridian commented, bringing Galeena's attention back to the present.

"My goodness! That's a shame." Tamera responded.

"Well, don't worry Galeena. We're all going to have so much fun!" Tallisa exclaimed.

"I look forward to it." Galeena said honestly.

"Good! Now why don't we get started?"

"But, don't you want to rest from your trip?"

"Nonsense! We have a wedding to plan and the sooner we start, the better. Meridian, would you like to help?" Tamera asked.

"Definitely, if it's okay with Galeena."

"Yes, it's fine with me."

"Can I help please?" begged Verdius.

Both Tamera and Tallisa looked at him incredulously.

"You?" they both asked simultaneously.

"Why not? I am Galeena's partner."

Now the twins were flabbergasted. Torrence laughed at their expressions because he never saw the twins speechless before. Galeena finally spoke up.

"Is there a problem ladies?"

By then, the two recovered.

"I guess we have no choice but to let him help since he's your partner, Galeena." Tallisa said.

"Oh thank you! I am sure Verdius will be very helpful."

Both twins shared a smile. They were beginning to understand how Torrence fell for this woman. She was kindness personified.

"We'll go and take this conversation to our chambers now. Torrence, you and Cerulos won't be needed yet." Tamera said.

"Very well, but if you do need me, I'll be out looking over the potential dragoon recruits. Dinner will be ready at 6 pm, so try to remember the time." Torrence said with a smile.

"Of course! One must eat in order to have energy." Replied Tallisa.

"And we're going to need every ounce of energy to plan this wedding." Tamera followed.

"Well ladies, have fun and I'll see you later." Torrence said before leaving with Cerulos.

"Now than, shall we get started?" suggested Tallisa.

Since Tallisa and Tamera were family, they stayed in the royal family wing. Their quarters were right next to Galeena's. They also required another room for all their wedding plans. Galeena learned that the twins had one of the most successful event businesses in all of Fraidel. Their main competition came from the Fire Dragon Clan and Silver Dragon Clan. Once the ladies were settled in the twins' parlor, Tamera and Tallisa asked what Galeena wanted for her wedding.

"Do you have a theme yet Galeena?" asked Tamera.

"Well, this is going to sound corny, but as a little girl, I always dreamt of having a dragon themed wedding." Galeena replied.

The other three ladies giggled.

"Oh, you're definitely going to have a dragon wedding dear. There's no avoiding that." commented Tallisa.

"Do you have a color scheme in mind?" asked Tamera.

"Well, my favorite colors have always been violet and blue. I guess this wedding is sounding traditional so far huh?" Galeena asked.

"Nothing wrong with tradition Galeena." answered Tallisa.

"How about adding another color or two that's different from our traditional colors to make things interesting?" suggested Meridian.

"That's a splendid idea Meridian. And I have the best color in mind. How does silver feel to you Galeena?" asked Tamera.

"I like it. It'll give the wedding a winter feel to it." Galeena replied.

"I think that'll be a good overall theme." commented Meridian.

"I think so too. Winter was always my favorite season."

"We will that our overall theme than!" Tallisa said.

At that moment, they heard a knock on the door. Daphene and Lagina came in.

"Hello, we heard that Tallisa and Tamera arrived. Can we join you?" Daphene asked.

"Certainly cousin, come on in!" encouraged Tamera.

"We just got started planning for Galeena's wedding." Meridian said.

"Looks like we got here just in time than." grinned Lagina as she and Daphene sat down.

Their partners joined the other dragons.

"So what have you talked about?" asked Daphene.

"Galeena wants to have a winter themed wedding with dragons. We just decided on colors. They are blue, violet, and silver." replied Tallisa.

"That sounds lovely." commented Lagina.

"And now that we have the theme, we can pick out all the other things." said Tamera.

"Like what?" asked Galeena.

"Oh, food, flowers, music, decorations, wedding attire, and other things." answered Tallisa.

"That sounds like a lot of work."

"Oh it is, but we'll get it done in record time!" Tamera replied.

"I sure hope so." commented Daphene.

"Have faith cousin! Tamera and I love challenges as well as our partners. Right Janessa?" Tallisa asked her partner.

"Of course! Life would be very dull without them!" agreed the sea green dragon.

This caused Galeena to laugh a bit. It would seem that planning this wedding was going to be enjoyable.

"Now shall we get going?" suggested Tamera.

"Going?" asked Galeena.

"Mmhmm, first we need to is the design of your dress." Tallisa answered.

"And to do that, we're going to see the seamstresses. They always have great ideas!" added Jasmine, a royal blue dragon.

"Okay, than lead the way ladies." Galeena said.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: The next part is when we finally meet some of the other rulers of the other clans, except the Gold and Light Dragon Clans. You'll see some fireworks there for sure hehe.