 It had never occurred to me that I might be something... different. The world seemed so normal to me, nothing strange or unusual outside of our own paranoia. Yet, there was something not right about... everything to me. While I may have just dismissed it as my own illusions all this time, it became painfully clear the moment he entered my life.

Chapter One: The Club

My name is Ashley. I'm a college student, age twenty-two, height, five foot six, weight, a little more than I'd like, looks, not half bad. I've always liked my long honey colored hair, thought it suited me and while I'll admit I'm just slightly overweight I find that much better than being skin and bones, like my roommate. Her name just happens to be Ashley as well.

Tall, blonde, rude, crude; A super model in the making I tell ya. It's surprising we get along as well as me do, me being practically the exact opposite. I don't really like parties, she's at one every night. I like reading fiction novels of all variety, she just reads tabloids. Probably cause they have pictures of cute guys and the actresses she idolizes. Like I said we're pretty much day and night yet we don't really have many problems with each other. We give friendly hellos and goodbyes in passing and occasionally strike up conversation every few days or so seeing as that's about how often we're both home long enough for a chat. It was one of those kind of "Chat" nights that my world started changing.

"Hey C." My roommate said from her spot, spread out on the couch.

"Hey B." I replied from my chair in front of my computer typing up an English essay. C and B were the names a lot of people knew us by since it was to confusing to just say Ashley when we're both in the room. My last name's Corvic, hers is Bemman.

"Ya wanna go out and do something for a change?" B asked slowly.

"I've got this essay to finish and you always take me to the kind of places I don't really like." I stated bluntly

"I know, but it's not like you ever go out on your own." B said. "I don't really understand how you can sit in classes half the day then just spend the rest sitting at home." "Maybe if your butt wasn't so boney you'd enjoy sitting in one place longer." I teased.

"Least I don't have a big bubble butt like yours." B shot back jokingly. Our body differences always had been the subject of many jokes between us and a few friends over the last year we've known each other. "I'm serious though, lets go out. I don't think I've seen you leave this place for anything but school in a month."

"How would you know if I had? You're drunk or hung over half the time." I continued sarcastically. 

"Don't tell me C has a secret life I don't know about." B said dramatically half sitting up off the couch to look over at me, a big grin on her face.

Sadly, no. I didn't have some secret my roommate didn't know about, except the one I hadn't even discovered about myself. After a little more joking, and teasing, and prodding B somehow convinced me to go out with her. Still not entirely sure how she manages to do that to me but she just about always gets her way with everyone else. Why wouldn't I get caught in her web once and a while. It's a rather good thing I was trying to finish that essay ahead of time and not having it be due tomorrow. That was another point she used against me.

As much as B assured me we'd be going someplace new it still felt just about the same as any other place she's dragged me to in the past. Some bar a little on the seedy side with loud music and guys I didn't really wanna think about what they might do if they found me alone. I'm not much of a drinker so I just ordered a gin and sat at the bar while B decided to find some cute guy to dance with. None of them looked all that attractive to me but then I never look for a date in places like this either for that very reason.

I had probably been sitting there nursing that same glass of gin for a good hour before I noticed him. He was standing in a dark corner of the bar wearing a gray coat with the hood up and looked like he had a baseball cap on under it. For that reason his face was hidden in dark shadows but it was obvious he was looking in my direction, unmoving. It didn't just feel like he was merely watching me, it was more like he knew exactly who I was and what I was thinking. Maybe I was just being paranoid but I was certain he was more than just some stranger. I spent about fifteen minutes trying to ignore him. 

Somehow I knew he was still there and sure enough the moment I looked his direction again it seemed like he hadn't even twitched. It was creepy and weird that this guy I was certain I didn't know was watching me. It was then as I was staring back at him that I felt it: a jolt that ran through my body like electricity. I was certain it wasn't a natural body reaction. More like something else was invading my body. I looked down and inhaled some smoke filled air. Just then another jolt forced me to exhale, this time something else accompanied it. I felt aroused? What was this? I couldn't possibly be attracted to this stranger. Something very wrong was happening here.

As I was trying to make sense of this B broke loss from the crowd on the dance floor and sat down at the bar beside me. "Hey C, there's this guy that I think I could really get a rise out of if you did a sexy dance with me." She said grinning ear to ear. 

"No, I don't want to." I replied trying to wave her off, which only hardened her resolve as she grabbed my wrist. 

"Come on, just for one dance, then I'll let you escape." B pleaded.

I tried to reply but the excitement coursing through me was intensifying to the point I was having trouble speaking. In her persistence B managed to get me up and onto the dance floor. To my surprise my arousal suddenly began to subside by the time we reached the middle of the crowded room. Just as quickly as it had came the feeling invading my body seemed to have disappeared. I turned to look where the strange man had been only to find him gone, a fact I somehow was certain of even before looking.

"C?" I heard it yet it felt far away. "C!" That time it was much clearer. "Come on, I might as well find a nice pole to dance with here." I turned towards the voice to find B lightly swaying her hips rhythmically in front of me. "You feeling alright?" She said as we made eye contact, probably noticing my bewildered look.

"Yeah, I'm alright, sorry." I said forcing a smile.

"Well then dance girl." B said smiling.

I attempted to put on a good front but my mind was still wandering and B knew I could dance better than this. After a while I did loosen up but thoughts of that strange man still lingered in my mind. It was then I caught a glimpse of him again, moving across the room toward the exit directly behind B. I let my eyes follow him hoping he might turn his head so maybe I could see who he was now that he was in the light but just then something bumped into my chest. I looked down to find B's head resting between my breasts and I heard her moan deeply. Then I looked behind her to see some middle aged, black haired man rubbing his crotch against B's butt.

"What the hell!" I exclaimed. As I was contemplating what was happening it happened again. Another jolt surged through my body, even stronger than before. My knees felt weak and I stumbled and nearly fell with the force of it.

Just then B looked up at me with lust filled eyes. "I always envied you C." She said. "You have such nice breasts." Right after that she opened her mouth and bit down hard on my left nipple through my shirt and bra.

I have done a few experiments with other women and found that I was indeed not a lesbian but this felt way different than any sexual encounter I'd previously had. I opened my mouth in attempt to protest only to be hit by yet another jolt. This one nearly knocked me over as well but I could tell that if I fell B would have fallen on top of me. I barely managed to keep my feet. The intensity of my body's arousal was so high it was almost painful. Even with the situation I was in, what happened next really shocked me. The man behind B reached down and unzipped his pants. He then forcefully jerked B's pants down past her slender hips. I felt like looking away, like fleeing but my own arousal had my eyes glued to the scene before me. With no pretense or concern for the crowd of people around us the man adjusted himself and shoved himself forward electing a guttural moan from B who was still chewing on my nipple.

It was then in my moment of shock and embarrassment that I took a glance around the room. I truly couldn't believe my eyes. B and this stranger were not the only ones committing such acts. Everyone in the room was at the very least making out heavily. I saw one girl with long curly red hair, completely nude, bent over a bar stool getting fucked. Many others were in the process or doing the same thing. Suddenly a slender hand reached up and grabbed my cheeks, forcing my view back to B. She and the middle aged stranger had been bumping rhythmically up against me the entire time.

B brought her lips up to mine and kissed me deeply, swirling her tongue around mine. I was still to shocked to protest and I felt slowly drawn in to the point where I was almost kissing her back by the time she pulled away. "Take that shirt off, I wanna taste those sexy tits of yours." B said harshly.

Not even giving me time to react B reached for the hem of my T-Shirt and jerked it upward. My arms just flew up on their own allowing her to remove it. Next she reached around behind me and deftly unclipped my bra, my arms sank back down allowing it to drop to the floor. B grabbed a hold of one of my breasts and eagerly sucked it into her mouth. The sensation was extraordinary and I think it caused another jolt to rip through my body. This one didn't feel so foreign and by now the pleasure was to the point I really did lose my balance. Luckily I still managed to half catch myself by sinking to my knees, though I'm sure I landed hard enough to bruise them. The iron grip the stranger had on B's hips prevented her from falling on top of me. Her moans became even louder after she had to detach her mouth from my retreating breast.

I was now kneeling at about face level with B and she took the opportunity to reach out and cup my face in both hands. She pulled me forward and we kissed again, this time I returned her kiss, swirling her tongue around my own. Even now I still wondered why this was even happening, but reason was slowly drifting away. Even as I fought to keep that reason the pleasure I felt was overwhelming it. It no longer mattered, I could figure it out later. At that moment reason was defeated and I gave in completely. B broke the kiss and sank to her knees as well, the stranger followed her down and continued to fuck her once she was firmly planted. She zoned in on my left nipple again and captured it in her lips. I tilted my body forward, mashing my breast into her face, no longer caring who it was that gave me this feeling, only on the pleasure I received.

B switched between sucking each of my breasts a few times then teasingly started dragging her tongue down my body. Her intent was instantly clear to me as she unbuttoned my pants and dragged them off me, laying me down in the process. I eagerly spread my legs in anticipation as she neared my neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair. It was then I realized the man behind B fucking her was not that same middle aged man that had been there before. This guy was a little younger with lean muscles and short spiked blonde hair. My arousal intensified even more as I realized what this could mean and I delighted in concentrating on the squishing sound coming from between B's legs. 

Just then B reached her goal and grazed my clit with the tip of her tongue. I groaned deeply and let my head fall back. B wasn't much for foreplay though and latched onto my pussy, drinking in my sex. I moaned again, thrashing my head from side to side and reached down grabbing handfuls of B's long blonde hair, urging her to continue. Thrilled with my reaction B attacked my pussy, dipping her tongue as far into my hole as she could. Which, felt far deeper than anyone else had ever licked me before. Within second I was climaxing, soaking her mouth with cum. B slowed her tongue lashing a little but continued to lick me, gathering the juices still drooling out of me.

I had my eyes closed during B's initial assault but now I just tilted my head to the side and watched the scene around me. That redhead was still over by the bar, only now she was straddling a man lying on the floor. I watched her for a little while as she would repeatedly drop her full weight down on him and then pull back up as fast and as hard as she could. Next I looked over to the pool table in one corner off the side of the bar. There were several girls bent down over it being slammed from behind. Two of which were across the table from each other, reaching out and tweaking each other's nipples and sucking each other's tongues as they were pounded.

My attention was drawn back to B who had suddenly stopped licking me. She had just taken a moment to remove her blouse and shove her pants down to her ankles before reaching down and inserting a finger into my pussy. That drew a pleasant moan from me and caused me to undulate my hips towards her hand. B moved forward kicking her pants the rest of the way off as she did. Now kneeling over me with a digit still inside me she placed her other hand beside my head to hold her weight as she lowered her body towards me. Just before her small breasts mashed into mine I felt her insert a second finger and increase the pace of her thrusts into my pussy. We kissed deeply yet again and even longer than before. I was gasping for breath by the time B retreated, both from the lack of air and the increased tempo of her fingers moving inside me.

"I've had such a wonderful time tasting you. B said seductively. "Wont you return the favor?" Then I felt the weight of her body lifting off me and her fingers left my pussy which was trying to suck them back in.

B then pulled my legs down and together, placing her knees on either side of my body and began shuffling forward. I felt something drip onto my thigh as she moved up my body. I felt this same sensation where my legs touched the floor on the back side of my calves. I soon realized it was the cum dripping out of B's pussy. I'm certain what I felt on my legs was all the sperm filled cum from the guys that had been fucking her. She oozed a trail of it all the way up my belly and across my breasts. Then she stopped moving as her pubic hair became level with my face and I felt some drip onto my chin. I looked up to see her smiling down at me right before lowering her red swollen lips towards my face. More of her cum dripped onto my slightly parted lips and I opened my mouth wide. My mouth made contact with her pussy and she let out a low moan before beginning to grind herself on me. I could taste the mixture of sperm as well as B's cum poring into my mouth. I tried to mimic B's earlier treatment to my pussy and speared my tongue as deep as it would go into her. That elected a cry from B and caused her to rotate her hips faster over my face.

Just then I felt strong hands grab my thighs and pull them away from each other. I offered no resistance, I was certain what this meant. Rough fingers dipped into my pussy thrusting in and out at a rapid pace. I sent muffled moans into B's pussy causing her to moan again as well. The fingers suddenly pulled out leaving me empty. After a brief moment however I was pleased to feel a slick cock pressing into me. He had used my cum as lube. His cock head sunk in past my pussy lips, after that one hard thrust and he was buried to the hilt within me. The act caused me to scream into B's hole again and my hips trust up towards the unknown assailant.

I felt B's body twist to the side a little and she said. "I see you're back for another round."

That could only mean I was being fucked by one of the guys that had fucked her earlier. I didn't really care which one it was but just the fact this guy had fucked B first and probably still had her cum on his dick really turned me on. He began thrusting into me faster causing me to moan some more and undulate my hips in rhythm with his thrusts. I also intensified my efforts on B's pussy, swirling my tongue around within her. I ventured a glance up B's body just in time to see another man step up to her, a hard dick in hand. B eagerly sucked him into her mouth and started bobbing her head back and forth on him. Before long saliva started escaping the sides of her mouth and running down to her chin. Soon it was dripping onto my forehead. 

I closed my eyes and concentrated on the feeling I received from the man between my legs. After a short time he started thrusting even harder only to stop moments later buried as deep as he could and I felt an explosion of liquid inside me. The force of it nearly made me cum to but not quite. I felt so empty when his cock retreated and was very relieved to feel another begin probing my entrance only moments later. I risked another look up at B, opening my eyes only slightly hoping not to get anything dripping into them. The man she was sucking had gripped both sides of her head and was fucking into her mouth as fast as he could. I heard her gagging but she did nothing to show a sign of protest.

As the man appeared to be nearing his climax in B's mouth she increased her pace on mine. She was now grinding her pussy down on me so hard I was having trouble breathing through my nose. I figured the faster I made her come the sooner she'd let me up for air. I frantically swirled my tongue inside her as I felt the tip of my nose bumping her clit. The man B was sucking suddenly stopped thrusting and his hips gave a few spontaneous jerks before he stopped moving completely. B's hips ground down hard on my face and stopped moving as a floor of juices entered my mouth. I was forced to close my eyes again as now not only saliva but cum was also dripping from B's mouth and onto my face, pooling on my eyelids.

As soon as B lifted herself from me I took in a huge gulp of air and immediately began moaning from the pleasure the man fucking me was creating. His pace was quickening with every thrust. I felt delicate fingers brush my cheek soon followed by a soft tongue licking the cum off my eyelids. When it had been removed I opened my eyes to see B smiling down at me.

"Well, you certainly seem to be enjoying yourself a lot more than last time we went out." she said brightly.

What did that mean? She hadn't somehow arranged for this to happen did she? I only kept that thought for an instant before focusing on the pleasure this stranger was giving me again. His pace had picked up even more and I was growing ever closer to my own climax. I wanted it, I needed it. My world would be shattered if I wasn't allowed to cum. Hell my world would shatter anyway when I did cum! It was coming so close, so very close. While in complete bliss I tilted my head back and opened my eyes. He was there standing by the doorway, the man in the gray coat and hat, staring right back at me with a little smirk on his face, all I could see of him were his thin lips taunting me. I didn't have time to contemplate what this meant. My climax was upon me, my whole body started shacking uncontrollably. The man between my legs was in much the same state, buried deep within me and still trying to force himself even deeper. I felt his liquid fire spew into me. I was cumming as well and to my surprise I felt a spray of liquid erupt from me as well. 

I didn't look nor even care who was being saturated in my juices, I was still staring at the stranger at the doorway. He turned to leave and my eyes followed him. Again my mind reeled with thoughts of who he might be. My eyelids suddenly felt heavy. Just about to the moment I lost sight of the stranger my vision began to blur and I lost consciousness.