 (Please read this first!)

A/N: Has it really been 3 years? I actually was going to give up on this story, but then several people kept contacting me wishing I continue this series. To those of you who don't know though, my main focus has been on my artwork since I want that to be my career. However, I have learned that I need to finish what I started and I still love my stories and so I don't want to give up. So I have a question for you all. I have found out I work better when I am doing two different projects so that way I am less likely to burn out (as that did happen here). I actually did create another story I thought of putting here on this site even though there will be no sex in it since it has underage characters in it. So as long as working on two stories helps keep me motivated, are ya'll okay with me putting it on this site? Also I am in need of a new editor so I do apologize if the grammar is off. Anyway, here's part 3 of chapter 6.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Time went by quickly for Galeena. She knew plenty of work went into planning a wedding, but she didn't realize how much. Also, slowly but surely her wardrobe was coming together. She received several riding garments that were used for riding dragons. Galeena was so excited about riding Verdius that she had to beg her wedding planners for a break.

"Galeena, today is the day the conference starts. You will be needed when the other rulers show up." Lagina commented.

"Oh please! Just for a little bit? I've been looking forward to this for awhile." Galeena begged.

Lagina was surprised by her future sister-in-law's behavior. Up until that point, Galeena had been easygoing and did not beg for anything. Tamera and Tallisa were not surprised by her behavior. Even though they only knew the blonde bride-to-be for a short time, they were very perspective about her and had noticed how quickly she bonded with the dragons she was around, especially Verdius. There was another reason why Galeena wanted to fly at that moment too. Not too long ago she received her own personal dragon riding harness and saddle. It was important that it fit the rider and dragon perfectly for safety matters. The parts were also charmed so they would grow as the dragon grew larger. Verdius was expected to grow much more and other dragons commented on how he would probably be bigger than Skyro and Cerulos.

When Galeena was not helping with the wedding preparations, she was learning everything it took to be a royal of the Water Dragon Clan, including the role of the queen. Lagina and Daphene had been lifesavers in this situation. Since Daphene was originally going to be queen, she had the most knowledge of queenly duties. She told Galeena that in most cases the current queen would have taught her predecessor everything, but in circumstances like this, a book had been written on the proper protocol and all queens kept a dairy to share their experiences with future queens. These diaries were kept in the royal family's private library. Galeena was encouraged to read these diaries and did so every evening after supper. Some were interesting, others were boring, but all were informative.

Amongst the responsibilities Galeena learned was how to saddle and ride a dragon. In this case, Torrence and Meridian were able to help in this area. Torrence made a point to always spend time with her a bit during the day. It always made Galeena's day brighter too. She even told him how grateful she was for him to take time out of his busy schedule to spend time with her.

Torrence merely replied, "Galeena, you're the most important person to me. If I could, I spend the whole day with you."

Before Galeena had been able to respond, he kissed her.

Learning how to ride a dragon was something Galeena was looking forward to the most. Always a quick learner, she took to it like a duck on water. Even the official dragon rider instructor had been impressed. The middle-aged man was a perfectionist and formal; however, even Galeena managed to get him to open up a bit. The keys to riding a dragon were the legs of the rider and the connection between the dragon and rider. Galeena had to learn how to ride Verdius through body movement first. The saddle kept the rider strapped on the dragon leaving the arms free to move about. All riders had each leg on each side of the dragon. Galeena soaked up all the information like a sponge. She made sure to pay close attention to the instructor and anyone else since she learned best by observation. Being a bit of a perfectionist herself, Galeena wanted to get everything down and she did. So by the time her saddle was ready all that was left to do was to take that first flight. Verdius was revved up to fly. He wanted his partner to love flying as much as he did. The young dragon may not look it, but he was very fast, especially for one his age. Seeing how Verdius was also a protector for Galeena, he took that role very seriously. He even went to Tealor for advice as well as other dragons in his position. It surprised several of them since Verdius never sought help before. This positive change in Verdius made the dragons' opinion of Galeena higher.

"I want to take Galeena flying. I promise to be careful." Verdius vowed to Lagina.

"Didn't Torrence mention the other rulers would be here around midday, sister?" Tamera asked her twin.

This question brought all attention on them.

"Yes he did." Tallisa answered.

Their dragon partners nodded in unison. Galeena immediately looked at Mandras's position in the sky. Without clocks on Fraidel, she had to rely on it instead. Unfortunately, she couldn't tell exactly what time it was. If she had to guess, it was three hours before noon.

"So does this mean I still have time to fly?" Galeena asked the twins.

Both nodded. Squealing in delight, she hugged them and dashed off with Verdius right on her heels. She figured she would fly for an hour and have enough time to get ready for their guests.

When she arrived to the stable, it took her a couple minutes to convince the stable master to let her fly. Her enthusiasm persuaded him and he even helped Galeena saddle Verdius. Before she could get on the dragon though, someone stopped her.

"Don't you think you should be wearing your ridding clothes first?"

It was Torrence. What was he doing here?

"I thought you had a meeting this morning?" Galeena asked.

"It ended early. Tallisa told me you were going to ride."

What he didn't tell her was that the meeting ended early due to the conference.

"Yes I was! I guess I was so excited to ride Verdius that I forgot to change. So why are you here Torrence?"

"What do you think? I am here to fly too silly."

Galeena noticed he was in his own riding garments and laughed, "I guess I better go change than."

"I will get the dragons ready to save time all right?"

Galeena nodded and left. It did not take her long to come back. Her riding clothes were slate blue with grey coloring. It was made with a long sleeve top made out of a fine but strong material called anthern. It reminded Galeena of cotton, only it was more durable and felt smooth. The top had buttoned cuffs at the end of the sleeves. Covering it was a vest and she wore an interesting riding skirt. It had two long slits that started at mid-thigh. Underneath all the clothes was a garment Galeena called a leotard, only it functioned as an undergarment and a body insulator and it wasn't made out of latex. The lower part could be seen under the skirt. Lastly, she wore boots that came up to the knee. Galeena's hair was in a French braid and she was equipped with a dagger, bow, and arrows. The arrows were also charmed to always stay in their case. When Torrence saw Galeena, he nodded in approval. Verdius had a hard time sitting still as Galeena mounted him and tried strapping herself into the harness. Unlike a harness Galeena worn back on Earth, this one was comfortable and easer to get into. It was made up of several straps, which were attached to the saddle and connected to a central strap that went around the rider's stomach. Cerulos shook his head at his cousin's impatience.

"Stay still Verdius or Lady Galeena won't be strapped in properly." He scolded the younger dragon.

Indeed, Galeena was having a hard time strapping herself in, but she did not complain because she was just as anxious. She inwardly lectured herself for causing her partner to stress because she forgot about their empathic connection. Taking several deep breaths, she eventually calmed down, which in turn helped Verdius calm down. After that, Galeena was able to secure herself onto the saddle.

"Now remember you two, this is Galeena's first flight so take it easy." Torrence instructed. 

Both nodded in all seriousness.

"Good, let's take off than."

Galeena took a deep breath before Verdius took off. Still as her partner ascended into the sky, she became breathless as her eyes opened wide. Her hands grasped the two handles that were part of the saddle she was on. The blonde was so enamored of the whole experience that she almost forgot her training. Verdius was very much aware of his partner's mental and emotional state. He felt the same way when he learned to fly as a hatchling. He was tempted to break Galeena out of her reverie, but decided against it and paid attention to where Cerulos was, who wasn't far away. Torrence smiled at his beloved.

"She reminds me of your grandmother Torrence." Cerulos commented.

Torrence laughed.

"In what way? Grandmamma was a very stern and intimidating woman if I remember correctly."

Both referred to his paternal grandmother, Queen Hellena, who passed away when Torrence was 15. She was a proud woman who didn't suffer fools and had little patience. She was also originally from the Fire Dragon Clan and tried to be the "Mother figure" of Torrence and his siblings after they lost their mother, but often complained that they "were too much for her nerves", especially Meridian. Still she loved them all in her own way. Torrence thought Galeena was nothing like his grandmother.

"True Torrence, but she had natural talent for flying. Lady Galeena has the same skill." Cerulos replied.

"Yes, you're right my friend."

Suddenly Torrence's scepter with the Water Stone started to glow. Cerulos stopped as Torrence looked at the stone. A moment later Ankor's image appeared on the surface of the stone. Verdius noticed Cerulos stopping and flew up next to him. By this time Galeena had come back to her senses.

"Ankor, is something wrong?" Torrence asked.

"No, but something has come up. Young Zephyr and his entourage will be arriving a bit earlier than expected, so I would suggest the four of you return now." Ankor replied, referring to the ruler of the Wind Dragon Clan.

Seeing how the clan was the closest to his and Zephyr was always arrived early, this didn't surprise Torrence in the slightest.

"Thanks Ankor. We'll return at once." Torrence answered before Ankor's image vanished.

"Early? They're coming early?" Galeena gasped.

"Indeed. We best get back down."

"I am suddenly nervous. I hope I don't mess up and embarrass anyone."

Torrence gave Galeena a comforting smile.

"You'll do fine love."

"Yes! You're wonderful Galeena and have been working hard." Verdius added.

"And the others will be there to help too Lady Galeena." Cerulos pitched in.

This caused Galeena to smile.

"All right, let's go than."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By the time Galeena was ready for the guests the whole palace staff was putting on the finishing touches. The servants worked extra hard to make sure the palace looked its best. Galeena found herself rushing to the main foyer. She memorized the more direct route from her chambers to it. In fact it was the only route she remembered. Even though Verdius lived in the palace for years, he still got confused at times. However, the palace staff assured Galeena that she could always ask for directions from them. The young lady planned on taking them up on their offer. When she arrived to the main foyer with Verdius, the only people who were there were Daphene, Lagina, Searon, and their partners.

"I am not late am I?" asked Galeena.

"No, you're right on time dear." Replied Daphene's partner, a female turquoise dragon named Ketra.

"Where are the others?" Verdius asked.

Just like clockwork, the others arrived, including the Council and Ankor. Since the banns were posted, Galeena was required to be up front with Torrence when he formally greeted guests. However, since they were not married yet, Lagina would be the hostess for their guests. Galeena planned on paying extra attention to what Lagina did so she could pick up the reigns easier after she became queen. Still, Galeena told herself to breath as Torrence placed her hand through his arm.

As if reading her mind, Torrence smiled and whispered into her ear, "It'll be fine."

Nodding, Galeena returned his smile. Moving forward, the group went outside to wait for their first group of guests. Soon Galeena spotted figures in the sky approaching at a fast rate, but as they started to descend, they slowed down. All of the dragons were similar in coloring from grey to sky blue. Their built was different from the Water Dragons. Where as the Water Dragons looked like European dragons, the Wind Dragons looked like Eastern Dragons found on Earth. Galeena had learned that Earth did have dragons at one point but they all immigrated to different worlds during the medieval ages, including Fraidel. Galeena learned that the Wind dragons looked the way they did was due to their living environment. Over the years their bodies evolved into sleeker designs in order to live and move about the Enigma Cliffs. Looking at the guests, Galeena recognized two of them immediately since she painted them. It was the leader of the Wind Dragon Clan, Zephyr, and his partner, a grey-blue female dragon named Fina. Zephyr himself had the appearance of a laidback person with a tall and lanky build. He was actually a bit taller than Torrence. His chin-length hair was light grey with dark smoky eyes. Add in pale skin and one would think he wasn't much to look at, but Galeena knew looks could be deceiving. By his posture alone she could tell he was a royal. Plus he had a similar air to him, the same as Torrence did. And like Torrence, he had a coronet around his head and carried a scepter in his hand. Only difference was the stones looked like smoky quartz stones. Just like Cerulos, Fina had a coronet around her neck symbolizing her rank. Zephyr's clothing was made up of greys, neutrals, and light blue colors. His party wore similar color schemes.

As was customary, the hosting clan bowed or curtseyed first followed by the guests. Formality out of the way, Torrence let go of Galeena and walked forward to greet his friend more casually. He did so by smiling, hugging, and slapping Zephyr on the back. The other ruler did the same thing and they both laughed.

"It's great to see you again, Zephyr!" Torrence replied after stepping back.

"Same here Tor! Also, on behalf my clan, we all sorry for your clan's loses and are here to help you any way we can." Zephyr replied, saying that last part sincerely.

Torrence nodded, trying to hold it in. Even though Galeena was helping to heal his heart, he knew a part of him would always grieve the loss of his family. He could feel Cerulos's encouragement and knew his partner felt the same way.

"Thank you my friend." Torrence answered.

"Now than, what's this I hear that you're not only engaged, but are going to beat me to the alter?" Zephyr exclaimed causing Torrence to laugh.

Last time Torrence saw Zephyr, the Wind Dragon clan leader had just gotten engaged and Torrence was still single. Even though he had been dreaming of Galeena, he didn't know she was real yet and so he had no intention of claiming anyone.

"Yes, it's all true, Zephyr. You did get my invitation right?" Torrence asked.

"Indeed, but I still didn't believe it until now. So are you going to introduce us?"

Torrence nodded and turned to Galeena before offering his hand to her. Ignoring the butterflies in her stomach, Galeena came forward and placed her hand on top of her fiancé's.

"Galeena, this King Zephyr Boreas of Airan. Zephyr, this is my betrothed, Lady Galeena." Torrence said before the two nodded to each other.

"It's an honor to meet you, your majesty." Galeena replied with a pleasant smile on her face.

"Likewise, Lady Galeena. I can see why Torrence is in a rush to get you to the alter." Zephyr teased, causing Galeena to blush red.

These words didn't please Verdius and he was about to do something, but Cerulos stopped him as someone behind Zephyr came up and smacked him across the back of the head really hard, causing the young king to grab his head and turn to see who it was. It was a tall and statuesque young woman with lavender hair. Half of it was pulled back into several buns while the rest fell to the ground. Her skin was the same tone as Zephyr's, but her eyes were baby blue.

"Really Zephyr, must you always act this way?" a young woman said.

"Ouch! Sorry dear." Zephyr groaned while rubbing his head.

"I am not the one you should be apologizing to."

Zephyr nodded, turned to Galeena and Torrence, and replied, "I am sorry for teasing you Lady Galeena."

"It's all right. I forgive you." Galeena smiled.

Torrence nodded, forgiving him too. His friend was a bit of teaser, but it did get annoying at times.

"Thank you. Lady Galeena, this is my much smarter half, Lady Beatrice." Zephyr said, introducing the tall woman.

The two ladies greeted each other and Beatrice smiled gently at Galeena.

"I look forward to getting to know you, Lady Galeena."

"Same here."

"Shall I introduce you to the others in my party, Lady Galeena?" asked Zephyr.

Galeena nodded and was introduced to Fina, Beatrice's partner, a sky blue female dragon called Cloe, short for Clowindre, some of Zephyr's family, their partners, and the dragoons and their partners who came with them. Amongst the dragoons and their partners was Zephyr's 2nd-in-command, Collin, and a grey dragon named Stratos. Collin reminded Galeena of a Viking because of his white blonde hair and beard with harsh blue eyes and muscular built. Stratos was just as intimidating, being the biggest Wind Dragon. Both were polite though.

After the introductions were done, Lagina showed their guests to their rooms. During this time, Galeena talked with Beatrice and Cloe. All of the Wind Dragon Clan members their were surprised to learn that Verdius was Galeena's partner. Apparently, as soon as a dragon reached 18 in dragon years, it could travel outside its clan's boundaries on its own. So Verdius travelled all over Fraidel, but was known to cause a bit of trouble everywhere he went. This caused Verdius to be thoroughly embarrassed and in his defense he said he never meant to cause any harm. Soon Galeena and Verdius found themselves in Beatrice's room as she got settled. Cloe was asking about Galeena's wedding when a servant came in.

"Begging your pardon ladies, but the Fire Dragon Clan ruler, Rowan, and his party will be here soon. Both of your fiancés are in the main foyer and require you and your partners' attendance." The servant said.

"Thank you." Galeena said before standing up.

"Shall we go Lady Galeena?" asked Beatrice.

Galeena agreed and the two ladies and their partners headed out.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: Next time we get to meet Rowan and his group. Expect to sparks to fly lol. Another thing that was holding me up storywise was Fraidel and Earth's timeline because figured out that issue. Also people have been asking me to get the dragons to talk more so I am making an attempt to do that since the title is Dragons of Fraidel. If any of ya'll have an editor recommendation, I am all ears. Thanks for your patience.