 A/N: Oh sweet heaven! Finally the last part of Ch. 6! This part is pretty short though (hence the reason why it's up so fast), but I do feel it's important because of how it helps set things up. Once again a huge thanks to my editor, Todger65, for his hard work.

As I mentioned in my Stones of Incienda update, I'll mention here. From here on out I'll start thanking those who take the time to comment on my story. Like I had an anonymous comment in the Part. 5 of Ch. 6 and it means the world to me. Thanks again to my readers who take the time to check out my stuff. Keep an eye on my main profile page for other updates.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The rest of the day flew by too quickly for Torrence. Thankfully no other incident occurred, but he had been noticing the interactions between Meridian and Rowan. They were doing a decent job of trying to hide their feelings for each other, but it was evident to him that they were in love with each other. Torrence really hoped that for Meridian's sake, no one from the Fire Dragon Clan was responsible for the deaths of his kin and their partners. Even if someone from that clan did kill them though, what then? Well Torrence would hope Rowan would cooperate in handling the perpetrator and finding out why the murder took place to begin with and then bring about justice. Unfortunately Rowan was fiercely protective of his people and just could not see any of them committing this crime.

Later that night when Torrence and Galeena were in bed, she asked him what was wrong and he told her.

"Have you thought about talking with Rowan and requesting his help in finding who did this?" Galeena asked him.

"Actually no. Every clan is so used to solving their own problems that it never occurred to us to ask for help."

This sounded odd to Galeena because she thought all the clans were supposed to be allies. Shouldn't allies help one another? Her thoughts were interrupted when Torrence spoke again.

"Galeena, tomorrow at the ball I was hoping to show your paintings."

"Oh! I guess I will have to reveal the dreams I've been having huh?"

"Yes, but the rulers know you're my soul mate too."

"Alright. I hope they like them."

"They will and will probably want them too."

"What about the Light and Golden Dragon Clans? I wish I could show them the paintings."

"Don't worry about it love. It'll work out."

Galeena would have replied, but Torrence kissed her and she thought of nothing else for the rest of the night.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, Galeena learned that it was a tradition for the rulers and their dragons to train together before breakfast. It was also one of those rare times people could watch them train. Tea and biscuits were served on blankets, which Lagina had already seen to. Queen Catherine and King Carter were given chairs out of courtesy. Galeena had never seen Torrence train and she could not keep her eyes off of him. At the moment he was training with Vyx. Both fought similarly in the sense that they both took their time attacking and gauging each other's moves. Their partners also sparred off. Cerulos relied more on his physical power than Blitz, who was the more agile of the two. Different methods of fighting were used from one-on-ones to pairs to using magic.

Everything was going well until Zephyr and Torrence squared off against Rowan and Hugo. They were using magic for this face off. Galeena could feel the tension rise between Zephyr and Rowan. It was very unnerving. The Wind Dragon Clan ruler's face was neutral, but Galeena could feel frustration radiating from him. Why was that? There was no hiding the animosity pouring out of Rowan. What was worse was the effect their emotions were causing on their partners, who were snarling at each other. Galeena wanted them to stop because this was getting out of hand. She was about to say something when someone else beat her to it.

"Rowan! Stop now!" Meridian shouted as she stood up.

Everything stopped immediately and everyone looked at Meridian. Galeena saw that she was shaking as her sapphire eyes lit up like blue flames. She was holding onto her emotions by a thread. Rowan looked contrite and embarrassed. Suddenly, Meridian ran off, Icarus not far behind. Rowan's face fell as everyone could tell he was shameful of his actions. Zephyr also looked embarrassed.

"I think that's enough training. Let's retire for now and have breakfast." Torrence suggested, wanting to find his sister.

Everyone agreed and headed back inside as servants cleaned the area up.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When Meridian did not show up for breakfast, Torrence became really concerned. Deciding to check on her, he headed outside to his sister's favorite tree. As he got closer though, he started to hear voices. Hiding behind a wall, he peeked around it and saw Rowan and Meridian talking. He wasn't close enough to hear exactly what they were saying though. He signaled to Cerulos to stay back since he knew the dragon's approach would alert the pair and their partners. Cerulos was not good at stealth due to his huge size. Torrence held his breath as he snuck to the wall closest to the couple. He hated to spy on his own sister, but he knew that neither she nor Rowan would talk about their conversation if he asked them directly. Finally, for what seemed like hours, he made it to the wall and could hear them perfectly now.

"I am tired of hiding this from everyone Rowan! We're soul mates after all. Nothing could prevent us from being together!" Meridian shouted.

"Meridian, nothing would make me happier than to claim you in front of our families . . . ." Rowan started but faltered.

Ferric picked up by saying, "Rowan is afraid of hurting you Lady Meridian."

Rowan glared at his partner, but Ferric added, "We have to face this head on Rowan. You may be king, but you can't do this on your own."

Rowan sighed and nodded. Meridian was speechless.

Icarus picked up her thoughts and asked, "Why are you scared you're going to hurt Meridian, Lord Rowan?"

Rowan took a deep breath and answered.

"Something is wrong with me. There's this inner rage within me that's been getting ahold of me in recent years. I know I have a short fuse, but this feels different. Like something is festering inside of me. And what scares me is I don't know if I can control it."

"Have you sought help for it?" Meridian asked, having recovered her wits.

"No because I thought I could control it. After today's practice session though, it's obvious I don't have a handle on these feelings. I don't want to risk you Meridian. If I hurt you in any way, then I would never forgive myself."

Meridian moved closer and cupped Rowan's cheeks with her hands.

"You're a good man, Rowan. I trust you completely."

"I know love, but I don't trust myself anymore."

"Then get some help at least! Maybe Ankor can help."

"He might, but-"

"No buts!" Meridian interrupted before kissing him, thrusting her tongue into his mouth.

This caught Rowan off guard but he responded quickly by wrapping his arms around her and pulled her against his chest, lifting her off the ground. Their partners looked away, having been used to this by now.

Torrence wasn't used to this at all and quickly looked away. He didn't want to see any man holding his sister, even if Rowan was Meridian's soul mate. Ignoring the sounds of the pair, Torrence focused on telepathically telling Cerulos what happened between the group.

"I wonder why Rowan was getting more irritable." Admitted Cerulos.

"Same here. I am concerned of when this problem started, and why he didn't bring it up in the meeting."

"Probably because of his pride."

"Or he doesn't trust us to help him."

Cerulos agreed and would have answered back, but he caught sight of Lagina and Coreal approaching.

"Cerulos, have you seen my brother? The twins are with Galeena going over the wedding and I think she's becoming overwhelmed again and could use Torrence's support." Lagina told the dragon.

"I'll tell him. Where are they?"

"In the planning room going over different table settings."

Cerulos nodded and relayed the information to Torrence. Torrence was wondering what was happening with his partner when he got the telepathic message. He replied saying he'd go there immediately and decided to put the problem with Rowan in the back of his mind for now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Why did wedding planning have to be so complicated? Galeena did not know that there could be different table settings with the same color schemes and flowers. It was traditional for royal weddings to have their kingdom's flower present in the décor. It was called the phadean and it reminded Galeena of water lilies since it was an aquatic flower with multiple petals. However, the phadean's petals were round and came in a variety of colors. Galeena opted to stick with a blue shade. The problem was there were three different shades of blue phadeans: sky, royal, and midnight blue. Each color variety was represented in five different table displays. At least there was only one shade of purple lilacs, which was Galeena's favorite flower.

At the moment, Tamera and Tallisa were asking for her choice on the table settings and she could not decide! All of them were gorgeous! She was trying her best not to show her indecisiveness.

"It's all too wonderful for words!" she said, trying to stall for time.

"We are glad you like them Galeena." Smiled Tallisa.

"We came up with more ideas too." Added Tamera, causing Galeena to blanch.

"However, due to time constraints we convinced the two to limit the choices." Commented Jasmine.

"We figured you weren't too picky of a bride anyway, Galeena." Janessa contributed.

This comment caused Galeena to look at the twins in confusion.

"Majority of our brides are very picky." Tamera said, followed up by Tallisa.

"So we come up with more options for them so there are more choices for them to make."

Galeena nodded and looked at the choices again. She was still puzzling over the table displays when the door opened and Torrence came in.

"Hello ladies. I was told you were going over table displays and was wondering if I could chip in." he said and saw the instant relief on Galeena's face.

It was at that moment that Torrence decided to take a more active role in the wedding planning. He did not like seeing Galeena overwhelmed. She was still getting accustomed to Fraidel, learning how to be a queen, and working on a wedding within a short time span. Luckily Torrence got caught up on his own duties before the conference and had more time to spare.

"Where is Cerulos, Torrence?" asked Galeena, bringing his mind back to the present.

"He's taking his daily flight and visiting his mother with Coreal."

"Ah, Verdius is doing the same with Skyro."

Dragons always made it a point to visit their parents once a month.

"Well, we're glad you're here Torrence. Tell us what you think of these settings." Requested Tallisa.

Torrence nodded and focused on the matter at hand. Grateful for his assistance, Galeena did the same thing. In the back of her mind though, she was thinking of the ball and how the leaders would react to her paintings.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: And with that we finish Ch. 6! I don't anticipate Ch. 7 to be as long, but we'll see. I can assure ya'll there will be another love scene in the next chapter somewhere lol. My heart really goes out to Rowan and Meridian but I love them both. Of course I love every character I create, even when I create villains hehe. Would love to hear ya'll's feedback. Thanks!