 A/N: Okay, after months of waiting, here's the 3rd part of Ch. 7. Apologies for this but as I mentioned I was working on things. Anyway, I was aiming to only have 3 parts to chapter 7, but it's going to be 4 parts. Thanks to the one Anon for commenting in the last part. Remember folks ya'll will get mentioned here in my Author's Notes if you comment. No worries anon, I know I am inconsistent in my writing, but I won't forget them. I am going to be getting to Stones of Incienda next okay? I'll be finishing Ch. 1 with the next part. Had a writing issue though, but I found a solution to it though.

Big thanks to my editor Todger too. As a reminder, all sex scenes have 2 consenting adults.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next day was pretty much a lazy day for Galeena and Torrence. After making love that morning, Torrence rang for their breakfast. It was another tradition for newlyweds to spend half of the day in their chambers to help conceive an heir. Because of the situation, the two were served 'breakfast in bed'. Food was delivered to the main doors via trolley and Torrence rolled it into the bedroom before they ate. After eating, the couple resumed their sexual play in both the bedroom and the bathroom. The bathroom was big enough to have a tub and a Jacuzzi. Even with the unique plumbing, Galeena was surprised seeing a Jacuzzi. She had never been in one before.

"So you have Jacuzzis but no showers," she stated as Torrence massaged her shoulders and back.

Both were in the Jacuzzi with her facing away from him and leaning against the wall of it.

"Yes, but I've already talked with several builders about coming up with something similar. The idea of washing while standing never occurred to them. They like the idea though."

Galeena sighed in contentment, but could feel her desire pick up when Torrence reached around her and started massaging her breast and nipples. He leaned forward, pressing his chest against her back, and placed his lips where her neck and shoulders met. This act caused Galeena to moan. She rubbed her back against him and soon Torrence slid himself into her depths. Since both were on their knees, their love making for this round was slow and steady. Neither wanted to slip and fall. It would be much later before the two came up for air.

Lunchtime was spent not only with Torrence's family, but also with the other royal families. Torrence had Vyx sit next to him because he wanted to discuss the details of his and Galeena's honeymoon.

"We'll be leaving two weeks from today and it should take us another two weeks to get there, weather permitting. That should give your clan enough time to get back home and get ready." Torrence informed Vyx.

"Technically we're already ready for you two. When I got home from the Council meeting, I had preparations made. My brother stayed behind to finish those preparations. It only takes us ten days to fly home so if you two wanted to leave a bit earlier you could." Vyx mentioned.

Torrence nodded. Vyx's younger brother, Viktor, was his 2nd-in-command and always watched over the clan while Vyx was away.

"I have to make sure the clan runs smoothly in our absence. So how about a week from now? We'll be making stops in the Wind and Earth Dragon Clans before reaching your border in the town of Bonair."

Vyx nodded and they talked about other topics before lunch ended.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After lunch, all of the royal families left for their homes. Torrence's extended family left a few days later. This included the twins and their partners. Galeena was really sad to see them go, so the twins promised they would write to hear.

"You'll be so busy running this palace that you'll hardly miss us." Tallisa said.

"That's not true. I am already missing you." Galeena replied, trying not to choke up.

"Aw, sweetie no crying now," stated Tamera, trying to keep it together also.

"Or else we'll cry," sniffled Jasmine and Janessa.

Galeena giggled before hugging the two pairs.

"Are you two ready?" Meleanus asked.

"One last thing Papa," Tamera replied.

The two suddenly rushed at Tidus. The man was not expecting this, so when the twins tackled him, all three fall to the ground. His sisters begin kissing his cheeks and rubbing his head, much to his annoyance.

"Gaa! Get off of me you two! You were good up until now!"

Everyone started laughing and the twins got off of Tidus.

"Sorry little brother, but we had to make up for the lack of attention you've received," smiled Tallisa.

Tidus glared daggers at his older sisters as he stood up.

"See what I've had to put up with for years Galeena?"

"Aw, but I think it's sweet that your sisters love you so much," Galeena replied with a grin, causing her new family to laugh again, except for Tidus.

After that the extended family left. Galeena and Torrence still had the rest of the day off, so they spent it flying with their partners since Galeena did not have much time to do so prior to the wedding. This time they had more then an hour to fly. They ended flying over the entire capital. Seeing the whole area for the first time made Galeena want to explore it all.

"Have you visited the whole capital?" she asked Torrence.

Torrence smiled and said, "Yes I have."

"Will I have the chance?"

"Indeed, in your spare time."

"Then I'll visit every square inch of this place before our honeymoon."

"Haha, maybe not every square inch. There are places you can't go into."

This caused Galeena to blush, understanding his meaning.

"I can show you some of my favorite places Galeena," Verdius chipped in, not wanting his partner to be embarrassed.

The ploy worked as Galeena's smile returned.

So over the next week, Galeena explored the city with Verdius. Since she was a royal now, she had to have a few dragoon escorts with her. A part of her really didn't like this change, but she had been told that her safety would always be a priority, especially in the wake of what happened this year. Plus she wouldn't get mobbed either. Galeena enjoyed these moments when she didn't have to worry about her royal duties. The people here were her subjects now, but she wanted to serve them too. Fraidel might be her home now, but she still believed in the core values of the USA, where the leaders of the land should represent and serve the people. Ankor had assured her that those who were servants were paid well enough paid well enough to support their own families and were treated with respect. The inhabitants in the city were delighted to get to know their new queen. True to her word, Galeena managed to visit all the places she was allowed to see in the city.

The day of Torrence and Galeena's departure was a hectic one. While major issues like making sure things would run smoothly in their absence had been settled, minor things like getting all their gear together proved to be tedious and made everyone frantic, including Galeena.

"Are you sure I have adequate clothing, Lagina? Cystralla isn't as cold as I thought right?"

Lagina giggled and assured, "The magic there makes it possible for dragons to live there, Galeena. So don't worry about it. Didn't you grow up in a cold place?"

"Yes I did, so I am fine with cold temperatures. It's just the clothes that I picked out aren't what I would call 'winter wear'. More like fall."

"As someone who has been to Cystralla on a number of occasions, I can assure you that you'll be fine clothing wise. Now stop worrying and focus on having a good time."

Galeena smiled and gave Lagina a hug. They had an early lunch and before Galeena knew it, it was time to go. Along with Torrence, twelve dragoons and their partners would escort the two. Verdius was ready to go. He had told Galeena how much he missed traveling and was excited.

"We'll stop this afternoon to give the dragons a break," Torrence told Galeena after making sure she was secured to Verdius.

"Aw, I can fly longer then that, Torrence," complained Verdius.

"Not every dragon here has your endurance, Verdius. Besides, the humans will need a break too." Cerulos scolded, causing Verdius to grumble and nod.

Everyone else laughed before Torrence turned to his family and the citizens of Cerulean.

"My wife and I will be gone for at least five weeks. Rest assured, we'll be back in time for the birth of Lady Daphene's child." He announced.

"Safe travels your majesties," Tealor said.

Everyone else waved and said goodbye as the royal couple and their entourage took flight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It took them four days to get to the Enigma Cliffs region. Along the way they stopped in towns that could cater to their needs. Galeena made it an objective to meet as many of subjects as possible. Each day Torrence always sent out a scout to make sure the places they stayed at were ready for them. Galeena loved every minute of it, but was grateful for the breaks. As much as she loved flying on Verdius, she was always a bit sore from sitting in the same position for a long period of time. The weather was decent most of the time, although it did drizzle at times and even poured for several hours. The traveling party could fly when it drizzled and the humans wore water resistant clothing, but they had to stop in a small town when it started to pour.

By the time they did make it to the Enigma Cliffs region, it had gotten very windy. Galeena discovered that the region also had canyons and arid areas. Traveling northing, it took them three days to make it to the Emerald Mountains. Seeing mountains for the first time in years caused Galeena to get emotional. The area itself reminded her of New Hampshire and she wondered how her grandma was. Verdius, Torrence, and Cerulos could see that Galeena was trying to keep it together. 

They were relieved to make it to the capital city of Chesterwood on their second day in the Emerald Mountains. Since the capital was on the route to their destination, they planned on stopping there. The city had an interesting layout because many of the buildings were like big tree houses, and there were only a handful of buildings on the ground. Everything blended in with the surroundings. Galeena figured it was for security reasons. The palace itself was a marvel of woodwork and stonework. The courtyard was part of a huge rock platform in which the castle stood upon. The royal family, their council, and a crowd were waiting for them. The entourage landed and after dismounting, Torrence and Galeena greeted their hosts.

"Welcome to Chesterwood your majesties. It's good to see you again. I trust your journey has been well so far." Garrison greeted them.

"One weather issue, but other then that, it's been swell." Torrence replied.

"Good, good. My wife and I will show you to your rooms, but Queen Galeena, let me introduce you to our boys and the council first."

Galeena nodded and was greeted by Garrison's sons, Torrin, age 12, Corrick, age 9, and Jenson, age 5. Torrin was the spitting image of his father, Corrick looked like his grandfather, and Jenson looked like his mother. The council was made up of five members, two dragons and three humans, headed by an elderly woman, known as Elder Hannah.

After introductions were made, the party from the Water Dragon Clan was shown their quarters. Torrence and Galeena shared the largest suite in the guest area and were assigned their own attendants.

"We'll stay a day to give the dragons some rest," Torrence told Galeena as they waited in the parlor of their chambers.

They were waiting for their hosts since it was almost lunchtime. Both had changed out of their traveling clothes and were cleaned up in fresh day clothes.

"That's good. My butt could use a break too," Galeena laughed.

Flying was fun, but she realized that she still wasn't used to sitting on a dragon for a long period of time yet. Torrence chuckled.

"Don't worry, it does get easier with time."

After lunch, Galeena spent the rest of the day resting and sketching. She even spent a bit of that time with Jennifer in the afternoon before dinner since Torrence and the other Water Dragon dragoons trained with Garrison and his troops. Torrence said that even though he was on vacation, he still had to be in shape and that's why training was vital. Galeena understood perfectly and was happy to spend some time with Jennifer, who started teaching her how to shoot arrows. It was harder than it looked, for the archer had to have good concentration and upper body strength. Galeena wasn't surprise that her performance was lackluster at best. Boards with bull's eyes were used and out of ten shots she only made two on the outer ring.

"I am really not good at this," commented Galeena.

Jennifer smiled and replied, "Just keep practicing and you'll improve. When you're back home, just ask young Meridian for help. She is a sharp shooter and I am sure she'll be happy to help."

"Thank you, I will."

At that moment, the dinner bell rang, and the ladies went inside to freshen up.

Dinner was a simple affair and after that Galeena went to bed, realizing just how tired she was. She was so out of it that she didn't stir when Torrence went to bed and got up before her. It was midmorning when she finally did wake up. Since everyone else ate already, Jennifer left instructions for her to be served in the parlor of Galeena's suite, who was very grateful. After she ate, she sketched her partner a bit in the garden. Verdius had a hard time sitting still. This was how Torrence and Cerulos found them.

"Hey that's looking pretty good. Verdius, I am proud of you for sitting still." Torrence commented.

"It hasn't been easy," the dragon grumbled.

"I had him talking about things to keep him from getting bored. Was there something you wanted Torrence?" Galeena asked.

"You at a stopping point?"

"Just about."

"Well, Garrison wants to show you the capital. We'll be having lunch in town also."

"Oh how lovely! I'd love to see the sites here. Okay, there I am done. You can move now Verdius."

"Finally. Can I see the picture now?" Verdius asked as he stretched.

"Sure."

Verdius loved the picture and the four headed back inside so Galeena could put up her supplies and clean up for lunch.

Time went by too fast for Galeena. Before she knew it, the day was over with and for the first time since she came to Fraidel, she was reluctant to leave a place. The people of Chesterwood were very hospitable. They were a gregarious bunch as they loved to sing and dance. Their culture reminded Galeena of Irish culture because of those past times and their woodwork reminded her of Celtic knots. She definitely got a good night's rest that night.

The next day, after a good breakfast with their hosts, Galeena, Torrence, and their entourage left the city. Galeena wanted to come back for a longer stay, and Torrence assured her they would another time. 

It took them three days to reach Bonair. The town was located in a large valley and it was very windy with a chill in the air. Galeena loved it. As much as Galeena loved the university she went to in California, she always preferred the cooler temperatures of the American northeast. If she had never met Torrence, she definitely would have moved back there. In the meantime she focused on the present. Once they reached Bonair, the mayor of the town greeted them. In every town they visited, they met the leaders of the town and stayed at their homes. First thing Torrence did was to make sure all them got settled. The dragons were given good rubdowns as well as Galeena. That night the royal couple made love before going to sleep.

Despite Galeena's concerns, the fall weather clothing she brought was suitable for Cystralla. The next day when they entered the realm of the Silver Dragon Clan, Galeena felt a strange sensation and mentioned it to Torrence.

"Aw, what you felt was the magical energy of this place. Remember what Ankor said about this area? The magic here helps keep the place livable. That's why it isn't as cold as it should be. Still it snows all year round."

What surprised Torrence was how Galeena felt the magic to begin with since only magic users and dragons could feel it. He was jarred out of his thoughts though when Galeena asked him a question.

"Aw, so how much longer until we get to the capital?"

"Weather, permitting, four more days."

"Oh good. I can't wait. I have enjoyed this trip, but it'll be nice to stay in one place longer then one or two days."

Torrence laughed at that last comment as they flew further north.

Unfortunately a blizzard delayed them for two days when the made it to their third stop in Cystralla. Even though Water Dragons had some tolerance towards cold weather, the storm made it impossible to see and the temperature did plummet as a result. Due to the circumstances, the dragons had to eat inside, something Verdius did not like.

"Man! This stinks! I sure hope this storm lets up! I can't stand to be indoors for one more day!" he complained.

"Verdius! Be grateful we have been well fed and taken cared of by the people here!" Cerulos scolded, causing Verdius to feel bad and apologize.

"We'll be there tomorrow, Verdius, when the storm leaves," Torrence replied.

"At least we made it to our daily destination," added Galeena.

Verdius sighed and laid his head on his front claws.

Lucky for Verdius, the storm did let up significantly the next day. It was lightly snowing when they left the town they were in, but stopped completely by the time they reached the capital city of Irigor. Galeena found the whole city to be enchanting. Snow and ice were everywhere. The landscape looked like Antarctica, only it was not freezing. The buildings were mostly silver and white with a soft luminous glow to them. Galeena wondered how the city looked at night. A large crowd had gathered in the courtyard of the castle. Vyx, Blitz, and some others were standing in the clearing to greet them. The party landed, and Torrence and Galeena come forward before bowing and curtseying to the ruler.

"Welcome to Irigor, your majesties. My family and I are humbled that you two decided to spend your honeymoon with us." Vyx replied.

Despite his polite manner, Galeena didn't feel any warmth from him. She wondered if all the natives of this land were like this. Hopefully she'll find out.

"Thank you for having, your majesty," Torrence said.

With pleasantries out of the way, Galeena was introduced to Vyx's family. Even though Viktor was the younger brother, he was actually taller then Vyx by a few inches. His hair was pure silver, but his eyes were grey like Vyx's. His partner was Blitz's brother from the same clutch. His name was Krieg and he was a silvery green dragon. Next were Vyx's parents, King Helix and Queen Celine. King Helix had silver hair and ice blue eyes. It was obvious Vyx and Viktor got their physique from him, but unlike his sons, Helix appeared to be more jovial. Queen Celine was the very definition of Ice Queen with her slim and tall figure. She was actually an inch shorter then her husband. Vyx got his silvery blue hair and grey eyes from her. She was very intimidating, so it did not surprise Galeena when Vyx told her that his mother was the previous holder of the Silver Stone. The partners of the previous rulers were also a mated couple. Helix's partner was a male silvery blue dragon named Gunnar and he was an older cousin of Blitz's. Celine's partner, Eva, was a female silver dragon. Next came the council members of the clan. The group was split evenly with three humans and three dragons. The head councilor was an elderly man named Kristoff. After introductions were over, Torrence, Galeena, and the rest in their party were shown to their rooms.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A/N: Don't worry folks, ya'll will be seeing more of the Wind and Earth Dragon clans eventually. The next part will be all about exploring Irigor. After this chapter, we'll reach the halfway mark of the story, chapter wise at least. Let me know what ya'll think of these places and all that? A reminder to check out my Profile page for updates. Thanks!