 The beginning came with the end.

The Dragon was heard first. Roaring with grief and pain in the mountains. The cries echoing into the valley. Then the last warrior came back, heavily wounded on a horse overworked and near collapse, returned to Ashther Village he choked out the words we already knew.

"Atram the Dragontouched has fallen"

With these words he fell and died, the Dragon's roar of pain answered once more as it left the mountains never to return. We had lost both our guardians as the marauders began to come closer to the village. It was not long after this that the Elders came to me in the shrine and told me it was time.

Throughout these lands the Dragons are powerful guardians, sent from the Heavens by the gods to protect the people. Binding to them through the High Priest of the Dragon for that place. Not all people have a Dragon guarding them, some are too nomadic, some do not believe in the gods and some are forbade Dragons as a divine punishment. So it was my turn, Odgerel, to become the consort for a new dragon.

The preparations had to be made before the summoning ritual could take place. The sun began to set like fire across the sky and I stepped out of the shrine and cast off my silk robes letting light flow over my curved body and glisten in my crystal blue eyes. I walked out of the village up the hill to the temple of the Celestial Mother just as the Moon began to rise.

There the priestess took me by the hand and lead me to her bed. She disrobbed and sat beside me rubbing her nipples. Once they began to glisten she offered one to me and I took her breast in my mouth and sucked hungrily. She wrapped her arm around my back pulling me tighter into her embrace as her mother's milk spilled warm into my mouth. She waited until I had drunk enough of the sweet nectar the Mother had granted her and then left my side to only return with some scissors, a razor and some oils.. She sat behind me and took a length of my crimson hair and braided down my back to reach the top of my buttocks then she took the scissors and cut the rest so it was cropped short then used the razor to shave the rest of my head bald. She then shaved my armpits and legs to make me clean for the Dragon and then my mound received the attention of the blade. Her delicate touch sending waves of delight through me as I could feel heat and wetness rising. within.

The priestess smiled and reached down to kiss my now naked lips, her tongue darting in to lap at my wetness. She kissed then gently nibbled my bud of passion making me moan with pleasure. I had experienced the Mother's Divine Kiss before but not quite like this. She continued to lap at me her tongue swirling around my passion and along my lips. The power of the Mother's love she channeled into me built like a tidal wave until I screamed my orgasam into the night and the priestess devoured my juices.

As I lay with the tide of pleasure pouring over me the priestess roll me onto my front and straddled my back pouring the oils on to her hands and proceeding to anoint and massage my entire body from my scalp down to my toes. Once this was down she led me to another room where one of the Elders stood waiting. He approached me and ran a finger round my womanhood to check I was still intact. Beyond the Mother's Kiss I had no other intimate experience and my maidanhood must be given to the Dragon to insure the consortship.

The Elder the gestured that I kneel before him and taking inks and needle began to tatoo my name, my tribe and village onto my scalp in Dragontongue around the braid. Tears weld up in my eyes at the intense pain but I held still until he was finished.

As he completed the task the priestess returned with a simple golden silk cloak to drape over my shoulders. Then the elders and the priestess and I left the temple and began the long walk to the stone circle, where the other priests had already begun marking the circle of power and chanting prayers to the gods asking for their blessing and sending a dragon to them. A goat had been sacrificed on a stone alter the circle and each priest in turn drew the rune of their god or goddess on my body with it's blood. As dawn peaked over the horizon lightning flashed across the cloudless sky and an unmistakable cry of a Dragon was heard as a dark figure began to wheel and circle the sky as it gracefully decended lower towards the circle. I grew eager with excitement as I longed to meet my mate.

The priest of the Storm Lord, who by the the appearance of the dragon was it's obvious sender, removed my robe and led me up a stone ramp that led to the top of the stones ringing the circle. The priests and elders remaining bowed in reverence as the graceful purple and blue scaled creature landed silently outside towering above us even as we stood upon the great stones. It's emerald orbs of eyes held mine for a long moment and instantly fell in love.

It looked at the Priest of the Storm Lord for a moment and breathed on him. He began to glow with a silver light and moaned in pleasure as ecstasy of his gods blessing poured through him. He then turned to me sniffing at my womanhood. A tentative tongue slipped inside me testing my seal unbroken with a delicate probing tongue. I moaned wanting to be with him more and more. Then I heard his thoughts in my head.

Patience, Little One, My beam of Starlight.

His voice was silken and soft and reassuring and a shiver of delight ran through me.

He nodded his great head to the priest. Who kissed me on each cheek then declared loudly so thoughs below could hear.

"Zephyr, Son of the Storm Lord, has accepted Odgerel as his consort. In the Storm Lord's name I bind you both to Ashther village and to each other."

I think to myself that Zephyr is a beautiful creature powerfully built and still fine and noble features and deep hypnotic eyes. I think I see the corners of his mouth twitch into a smile.

As the prayers of thanksgiving begin below me the Dragon raises a Taloned hand and opens it flat to me. He cocks his head to the side questioningly.

Shall we, my Lady?

I smile and curtsey playfully as I step into that palm that closes round me gently though surprisingly a scaled thumb slips between my legs and rubs against my bud and soft cry escaping my lips as Zephyr beats his wings once then takes to the air gliding towards the mountains.