 We wheel through the air riding the currents as Zephyr makes his way to his lair. The thumb between my legs still grinding against my mound the sensation of the scales a strange feeling, reaching all my most sensitive places as it steadily thrusts back and forth. The pleasure intensifying with the rise and fall of flight. The pressure and heat builds until I am on the edge of climax. Zephyr hears my moans and speeds up the movements.

Just as I scream with delight as the spasms wrack my body the Dragon free falls into a nose dive onto the mountains below. The thrill of the speed of decent and the terror sent another spasm through me and I came again leaking myself all over his talons. We were just 100ft from the mountain floor when the Dragon opened his wings again and swooped up steeply on an up draft, parallel to the cliff face. I squeaked with joy at his acrobatics.

It seems we are home My Lady.

I did not notice we were at the Ashther Lair until he landed with the same quiet grace as at the circle on the overhanging ledge. As he placed me down I kissed his talons lovingly and tasted my exertions upon him and the sweet syrup was intoxicating. Zephyr's tongue snaked it's way among his claws and a rumbling groan escaped him as he tasted the delights, raising to his full height on his hind legs. The head of his manhood beginning to poke free from his sheath.

"Please, My Lord. I'd give nothing more than to feel you inside me."

I half moaned half pleaded the words on my knees before him. His girth and length were enough to split me in two and snap my spine but I had waited and been trained to join body and soul to my consort for years and every inch of me yearned for him to take my virginity, to make me his. He lays himself in front of me so the tip of his snout his aligned with my chest and so he could fix me with his deep dreamy eyes.

No, not like this, I would kill you like this My Lady Starlight. Perhaps you would find this more accommodating. 

He waves a talon and growls a word of power. He begins to shrink down from his massive size until he reaches a standing height of around seven foot six still dwarfing my five foot four fame. His member slipped free of it's prison and grew hard. It was still huge but far more manageable.

Are you sure you still wish me to take you in dragon form for your first time? I am still more than a human male would be. It will hurt.

"I would want nothing more, My Lord Zephyr"

His powerful arms curl round pull me close. Claws tracing gently across my back exciting me more as I feel myself growing wet with anticipation. A soft keening rolled from his throat. Easing me ever deeper into that strong embrace. Relaxing me and removing the one small voice of fear rattling at the back of my mind.

I will be as gentle as I can, My love.

With tenderness he lay me on my back. His taloned hands tracing their way across my breasts, bringing my nipples to peaks, while his maw nuzzles me his tongue teasing the soft flesh of my neck as he works down my body kissing, licking and sucking all the tender flesh he can find. I grow wetter and hotter within and I groan as he teases me. My body aches as he pleasures me wanting only him inside me. In response his head raises from its work on my just glanced lips. His eyes gaze softly and reassuringly into mine.

Patience Starlight, I must make you ready for me.

As he lies flat against me Zephyr's manhood throbs against my stomach yearning as much as I am to be touched. I oblige my fingers gently brushing up his length and he shudders delightfully sending a pulse of static energy through me as he nuzzles and keens softly. He pulls away from my wandering fingers. As the Dragon returned to my soaking loins.

Cheeky little vixen!

Laughter filled my mind, light and musical, as the Dragon lapped at my bead sending waves of joy through me until I reached orgasm and as I did two clawed talons slotted into my opening tearing my seal. The dragon waited as the mixed gasp of pain and pleasure pulsed through me letting me adjust to the sensation.

Continue?

"Please" I wailed and the fingers started to pound into me slowly. A third finger worked its way in after some time. His slow finger fuck spreading me for him. I felt a wave of climax building again.

I think you are ready for me now.

And before I had time to realise it was happening. The talons were removed and the tip of his head touched the entrance and slowly pushed deeper with gentle thrusts. The head pushes through and I feel myself stretching to accommodate, the feel of his smooth flesh inside me was electrifying. My body sings with another orgasm as I clamp down hard on him.

I please you?

"Yes!" I scream as he starts thrusting gently building momentum as he senses my joy growing. I know that this time we shall cum together. I wrap my legs around his back and his strong arms lift me off the ground. His roar of joy rumbled from him as a scream of intensity shrills from me. I spasm with each wave of his warm seed the pours from him. He holds me close for a few moments as I lay exhausted in his arms. I begin to weep as he withdraws.

I have hurt you? You are not pleased?

"I am overjoyed, that is all my love"

Then you wish to be touched?

New energy, lightning itself fills me as her breathes on me. Zephyr sets me on my knees before his still hard member. I knew to be truly dragontouched I had to drink from my bonded dragon. My tongue flicked gently about his head bringing the encouraging moans and keening from him again. I stroked his shaft with both hands whilst sucking that which was manageable and before long his roar filled the air. His seed shot into my mouth and I devoured as much of it as was possible. The creamy fluid poured out of my mouth and down my body coating my breasts. His manhood sated he began to soften as he curled his body round me. Blood ran down my legs from the broken maidenhood but I felt nothing but love for him. As sleep descends upon me I smile.