 It was raining. Storming really. Sheets of rain poured down on the High Forest, hitting the leaves of the trees and rising the moisture level of the forest. The rain was accompanied with rumbling thunder and flashing lightning across the sky. Animals were hiding in their homes, staying out of the rain. That was what they always did during storms.

As the rain fell, it struck against two tombstones right next to one another. They were soaked, but the magic that permeated both of the marble headstones prevented any wear to form on the stones. This place was to keep the memory of the Amazon people and their two greatest heroes. One of them hadn't even been an Amazon, but was considered a hero of theirs.

The one on the left was the stone for the Amazon, Twister. The one on the left was of the non-Amazon, the Elite Guard that the Manatheran government had sent to help them: Dragan.

A set of feet stood there in front of the marble and a set of eyes stared at the stones. The rain had washed down over him, soaking his clothing, hair, and skin down to the bottom. However, the boy didn't notice it. He was busy staring at the stones of his parents, wondering what they would be like.

Five year old Dravin missed his parents. He'd never known either one of them, but he'd heard many stories from his uncle Pool. The man was forever telling him stories about them and he wanted to know them. However, he knew that he never would. That was a source of great pain to him.

He felt the tears prick in the back of his head and he closed his eyes. He tried to fight them back, but he knew from the past that nothing would stop them. They would come and they would come for a while. He didn't know why he cried for his parents. He had never known them after all. How could one agonize over people that you'd never know? He didn't know, but he did.

The boy was small, only standing at a little over two foot tall, and slender. He had short brown hair that framed his face and golden eyes set in a tanned, boyish face. He wore a simple long sleeve white tunic tucked into plain black leather pants and black leather boots on his feet.

Dravin was but a boy. However, he knew more about the cruelty of the world than most people his age did. He wasn't too happy to have that sort of knowledge though.

His uncle - the King of the Amazons - had told him many times that he looked like a younger version of his father. However, he had his mother's eyes was what he was happiest about telling his nephew. There was no telling if he was going to be like either one of his parents though. He could only hope that he was as heroic and mighty as his parents had been.

Dravin - in the back of his mind - didn't believe that was going to happen though. In the back of his mind, he believed that he was going to be nothing more than just another Amazon. No greater of a warrior than the others. He wasn't going to be anything special in his own mind.

In the mind of King Pool, things were different. He'd told the young Prince time and time again that he was going to be someone. That he was going to be the villages mightiest warrior, and more than likely, the next King of the Amazon people.

The King had no children of his own and he wasn't married. However, he was still young though. He could get married and have children yet. The young Prince knew this and that was why he didn't worry himself over the future of ruling his people. Because he doubted it would happen.

That was neither here nor there though. Dravin ran one of his hands through his wet hair, brushing it back from his eyes. His dark hair had become saturated with the rain and his clothes soaked through with the liquid, but he didn't care. He would dry.

"Dravin." called a familiar masculine voice quietly from behind him. Closing his eyes, the young Prince knew that he'd been found. And it really didn't surprise him who had found him either.

Turning on his heel, he looked up and up and up until he was staring into the eyes of his uncle, Pool.

The King was tall, standing over six foot tall, and broad shouldered with a light packing of muscle. He had long red hair that flowed down to the middle of his back unrestrained and bright blue eyes set in a tanned, handsome face. He wore a long sleeve green tunic with a black leather breastplate over the top of it, tight fitting black trousers, knee high black leather boots, and a lightweight black leather belt with a broadsword sheathed at his left hip.

From what he knew about the King of the Amazon people, he was mighty. His sword was unlike that of any other broadsword. It was serrated and was more of a shaving weapon than a slicing weapon. However, it was rare that the King had had to draw the weapon. Rare was the one that would challenge the King of the Amazon people. In fact, the only time the King ever drew his weapon was when there were raids into the village.

There had been such a raid earlier in the week. Dravin had seen the raid and he'd watched from the window of his bedroom as the battle progressed. By surprise, the attack of the Orcs had come about in the middle of the day, but most of the people were out going about their daily routines. However, when they were attacked, that all changed and they took up arms to protect themselves.

One of those warriors had been Pool himself.

The five year old Prince had watched, riveted, as his uncle had drawn his serrated broadsword and struck against the Orcs. There had been dozens of them, but the King had made such short work of them. His attacks had been like that of a dance, easily countering and side stepping the attacks of the enemies before flowing into counters, cutting down the enemy. He could only hope that he would be half the warrior that his uncle was when he got older.

"Uncle." Dravin choked out as he turned fully to face the older man. Before he thought about it, the Prince sank to his knees before him, bowing to the man. He was family, but he was still to the King, and as such, he deserved respect.

"I wish you would stop doing that. I've told you to stop bowing to me." Pool replied, his voice weary. When the younger Amazon raised his eyes, he saw that the older was rubbing a hand over his forehead, staring down at him. He was still standing a few feet away from him, but when they locked eyes, he smiled a little bit. "You are a Prince, and most likely, the future King. But most of all, you are family. You have no need to bow to me."

Shaking his dark head, the Prince stayed where he was on his knees before the older man. "It is only respectful." he replied, staring up at his uncle.

The older man stepped towards him and stood over him. The King looked down at him, and upon hearing his words, he let loose a very audible sigh. Shaking his head once again, he reached down and placed a hand under the younger Amazon's armpit, lifting him to his feet.

"You came here to remember your parents. Not to show me respect." Pool replied solemnly as he moved past the boy. He stared at the two tombstones, staring at them with sadness evident in his bright blue eyes. "As I've said in the past, they were both great warriors, but they were both good people too. All they cared about was peace and the kindness of one another. All they wanted was peace for the Amazon people, but it would seem that complete peace will never come. At least not in this generation. Perhaps in yours, when you rule, there will be peace."

The five year old shook his own head, not understanding. He came to stand beside his uncle, staring at the simple, unforgiving stones of his parents, their names etched into the smooth magicked marble.

"I never knew them, but I miss them just the same, Uncle." Dravin told his uncle in a voice filled with sadness. He stared at the ground, ashamed of the emotion in his voice. As a warrior, he wasn't supposed to show emotion. He'd heard this many times from different people in the village, always addressing one another and never him. After all, he was just a child and he wasn't important to them even though there was little doubt that they knew who he was.

Turning his head, the King smiled a little sadly. He moved to one knee beside his nephew, placing his hand on his shoulder, treating him just like he would treat a man.

"I feel that part of that is my fault." Pool replied with a little chuckle. The boy opened his mouth to protest, but he placed a finger to his lips and shook his head. "I have told you the stories of your father and mother. The things that they did in their lives, the sacrifices, their deeds, and how they were. I've painted you the picture of who your parents were. Because of this, you know them though it be second hand, and through this, you are able to miss them because you DO know them."

The young Prince stood there, staring at his parents' graves, and thinking that over. It made sense in his five year old mind. He'd lived out the experiences and who they were through the words of his uncle. That was why he felt as if he knew them.

"I want to make them proud, Uncle." Dravin said suddenly with a conviction that neither of the Amazons knew the boy was capable of. He turned his head, his golden eyes meeting the King's. The King stared back, blinking a couple times to hide his emotions, and then he smiled happily.

"They are already proud of you Dravin." Pool replied honestly, reaching for the boy's face. However, he took a step back and his hand fell to the side. He stared at the boy, frowning a little bit. "What's the matter?"

The Prince had his dark head bowed down, his eyes on the ground. His shoulders were up high and his hands balled into fists. Suddenly, he looked up and met the eyes of the other. In his golden eyes was a determination, a determination that he remembered being in both of his mother and father's eyes when they were ready to sacrifice everything that they were for the good of the Amazon people.

"I want to be strong like them. Like my parents were. I want to protect my people." Dravin told his uncle, his voice filled with his conviction.

Sighing, the redhead had figured that he would say something like that. He'd thought from the moment that he'd taken the boy into his home that he was going to be someone special. He was definitely his parents' son. Stubborn to the bone and willing to sacrifice everything to become what he needed to be for his people. However, that had been his intention when he'd come to find the young Prince that day anyway. He'd been coming to discuss something important with the boy; something that would help him reach his goals though it would be hard.

Suddenly getting to his feet, the older Amazon turned his blue gaze to the marble headstones once again. He could only hope that they would understand why he did this. Why he was going to do what was the only option that he had left and he knew it.

Forgive me aunt Twister, the King thought to himself. With that thought, he closed his eyes as he felt tears prickle at the back of his eyes. He didn't want to release any tears in the presence of his nephew, but not because it was weak. He didn't want the boy to see the hurt over what he had to do and decide not to do it. Because this would have to be his decision. No one could make it for him or force him into it. Otherwise, it would all be for naught.

"There is a way for you to do just that. To be what you want to be for your parents. To protect your people." Pool told the boy, his voice surprisingly calm despite what he was about to do. He turned his attention down to the boy of whom was staring straight up at him. He had wonder and curiosity burning in his golden eyes, eyes so much like his mother's.

The Prince stared up at him, his eyes showing his shock. "How? I'll do anything!" Dravin cried, staring into the older man's eyes with an eagerness that shouldn't have been there, in the eyes of a child trying to be a warrior.

Forgive me, the King thought to himself once more before turning his attention to the other once again. Then, he smiled once again. "You can't become powerful like that here in the village. You'll have to leave." he told the boy, sure that would stall his dream; his willingness to become powerful. "To the Wasteland of Andaria and the Tribes that dwell there."

To his surprise, the boy didn't even hesitate.

"If it will make me powerful and help me to protect my people, then I'll do it." Dravin told his uncle, surprising him. The surety in his voice and the conviction in his eyes was that of a grown man unafraid of anything.

You will learn to hold your tongue in the future, the Amazon King thought to himself. Nodding his head, he reached down, clapping a hand on his shoulder in camaraderie.

"Ready yourself then, Nephew. Pack clothing and belongings you wish to hold onto to. You shall be leaving tonight and you shall be gone for a long time." Pool replied, staring into his eyes. He didn't want the other to go if he were honest, but he knew that it was better for him. It was for the best.

The young Prince nodded his head, acting as the adult that he wanted to be. However, the King knew that he wasn't an adult. He was only five years old standing in the shadows of his parents' headstones.

He was a child, but Dravin would learn soon enough. He would be forced to grow up too soon and he could only hope that Dravin dealt with it better than others would.

The rain had stopped. That was the first thing that Dravin was aware of when he came awake the next day. He was laying in his bed on his side, curled up into himself. His head was resting on the simple, feather filled pillow and he groaned from sitting still too long. Pushing back the thick covers, he sat up and blinked his golden eyes a couple of times. He ran a hand through his short chestnut colored hair, brushing it back from his face.

As always, the Prince had gone to sleep with nothing but a pair of shorts on. That way he could be the coolest he could possibly be. Pulling back the covers, he yawned slightly and stretched his arms over his head, popping his shoulders.

Allowing his hands to fall to his sides, the Amazon blinked a couple of times. He slid his legs from under the covers and pushed to his feet beside his bed. Tucking his thumbs into his white shorts, he pushed them down, leaving his five year old self standing there naked. Then, he walked towards the closet of his large, dark colored room. He opened the doors, stepping inside to get dressed.

A moment later, Dravin stepped out of the closet. Shutting the door behind him, he grinned a little bit. He ran a hand through his hair once more, brushing his hair back from his forehead. He was now dressed in a long sleeve white tunic tucked into tight fitting black pants and black leather boots on his feet. He wore a lightweight black leather belt around his hips with a dagger sheathed at his left and right hips.

The Prince was but a child. However, he also happened to be an Amazon. As such, he was expected to be a warrior, despite not having any training just yet.

Going to the wooden dresser that was settled against the wall, the Amazon picked up his plain bone comb. He brushed through his thick hair with the bone comb, straightening it out. It fell loosely and straight against his head. With this done, he sat the comb down and turned from the dresser. He walked out of the room and into the hallways of the home that he shared with his uncle.

There were no noises in the house. Usually, the sounds of movement would at least be present, but this morning, there was nothing. There wasn't even the sound of talking. True, the King was the one and only person that lived in the house with him, but people were always visiting, striking up conversations with the King about one matter or another. Sometimes it was just a soldier that the King had been friends with and had desire to have pleasant conversation with.

Dravin walked down the hallway and entered the living area. It was there that he found the redheaded King. He sat on the leather bound couch, his long legs crossed. He was staring at the floor, his hands folded in his lap, and his eyes thoughtful.

Frowning, the Prince stopped in the doorway. He wasn't sure what to think of his uncle's pensive look. Was it something bad? Had he done something? Or did it have something to do with what they'd discussed yesterday in front of his parents' headstones?

Such serious thoughts never should've crossed a five year olds mind, but they were. The Amazon had no choice but to think of these things. He was five years old by age, but so much older mentally and constitutionally.

"Are you alright?" Dravin asked hesitantly as he took a step towards the older man.

The King's head shot up, his eyes widening as he saw his nephew there. He shook his head, his eyes clearing a little bit. He chuckled and showed a false smile to the young boy. However, he was able to see right through it.

"Yes, yes of course I'm fine." Pool said with a laugh and a dismissive wave of his hand. He uncrossed his legs, a smile on his face. "I was just thinking about things. Stupid things."

Frowning, the younger Amazon shook his head. "What do you mean, 'stupid things'?" he asked with a raised eyebrow as he walked over to the couch. He sat down on the couch next to his uncle, staring at him. He was a child, but he was smarter than the average five year old.

"It's nothing." Pool replied and looked away from the other. He couldn't look him in the eyes and the child Amazon had to wonder why. Before he could ask though, there was a knock on the front door of the house.

Frowning, the young Prince shook his head as he watched his uncle get to his feet. The redhead walked across the floor to the front door and opened the door. Golden light spilled from the outside inside, but there was no one there from what the young Prince could see. However, a second later, a dark shadow filled the doorway and he frowned, staring at the form.

"Your here." Pool said in a calm tone of voice and stepped aside, allowing a good look at the figure. "Come inside."

A second later, the figure walked through the door on silent steps. There wasn't even the slightest sound of a boot on the wooden floor of the home. The younger Amazon pushed to his feet, standing there on small feet as he looked up at the strange individual.

There was no way of telling what gender it was, but for some reason, Dravin believed it was a mall. It was tall and extremely slender. It wore a long sleeve black tunic with a black leather vest over the top of it, tight black pants, knee high black leather boots, a black leather belt with a longsword strapped to its left hip, and a floor length black cloak with its cowl pulled up, obscuring its features.

The Prince stood there, intimidated, but not showing it. He was an Amazon after all. Even if he felt fear, he would never show it. It wasn't the way of the Amazon. The Amazon way was to keep cool headed under pressure, never showing fear or intimidation no matter what you were feeling inside.

"This is he." the figure - the voice obviously male from the baritone - said as he stopped in front of the boy. The figure was staring down at him from under its cowl and the Prince nearly looked away. However, he steeled his nerves at the last minute and narrowed his eyes on the figure. "This is the boy. This is the son of Twister and Dragan. This is Prince Dravin."

"It is." Pool stated simply, stepping up behind the figure. However, he showed no sign of stopping the figure from doing whatever it wanted. There was no sign or feeling of malice in this situation though. Only a coldness that was expected from such a strange figure.

"I see." the figure replied with a nod of his head. Then, the figure took a step back and his hands - slender but surprisingly dark - reached up for his cowl. The figure pulled the cowl down around his shoulders, showing his face for the first time since he appeared in the house of the Amazon King.
