 I stared down at the illustration on my desk. It was rare for me to be given the latitude I had been given with this one. My editor had called me 6 weeks ago to tell me of the spin off series from The Hulk comic series. Jim called with the news, “Harry, this is a wonderful opportunity. Since the movie this summer, the comic sales have risen dramatically. They think it is time to introduce Zani and immediately spin it off. The gurus at Marvel think it is going to take off! The wanted me to tap the best “Good Girl” artist to do the preliminary sketches for the character and I immediately thought of you.”

Zani stared up at me. Normally I would have sent the sketch to be penned by one of my apprentices. I had started immediately on the sketch when Jim had called. The preliminary pencilling emerged on the paper, magically and rapidly. Her eyes had captured me. I ran my hand through my short gray locks. Her eyes captured in black and white made me wonder until I remembered that my fingers were ink stained. I swore to myself when I pulled them down and looked at them. If the blacks had been red it would have looked like blood.  After twenty some odd years I would have thought that I would remember not to mark myself. I glanced over to the clock to note that it was well past midnight. I then looked to the floor where Paulie, my golden retriever, laid; snoozing as if there were no tomorrow. Once again my eyes were pulled to my sketchboard, leaning slightly for ease but not so much that the ink would run.

I drew her as I saw her. I knew I wouldn’t be the one to assign her a personality, but evidently I drew one. Her eyes spoke volumes. Drawn in black and white they did sparkle with mischief and confidence. In my mind they would be green, so deeply green that the depth of the mystery would envelop you.  Her mouth curled in a smile that only accentuated her mischievous air. Although currently drawn in black and white, those lips would be so warmly pink, moistly pink, and so seductively pink. So many artists draw women with either long flowing locks or short spiked hair, Zani was as different as day was from night. I noticed her midlength hair, curly, teasing her face, framing her face. Her earlobes were exposed, a taste of sensuality because they weren’t pierced. Her neck was long and swanlike. I still felt the body was drawn to the genre. Beneath the tight camp shirt her breasts were full and perky. I had drawn the shirt closed with only one button, the ends pulled high under the breasts and knotted to accentuate her bust as well as her narrow waist. Zani’s nipples I portrayed as erect through the cloth. Yep, I thought to myself, she would be the type of self confident heroine that knew her nipples were that way and was good humored enough to enjoy the power of that knowledge.

I didn’t draw the shirt tucked into her short camp shorts. The hands on the hips only accentuated the smallness of the waist and the power in her arms. I drew the legs of the shorts rolled up just covering her nice derriere. Her stride showed her confidence. A little Lara Croft, a little the girl you always wanted to make love with but felt that she was unattainable. Except that with the eyes beckoning to you, or at least to me, there was the promise of the secret pleasures. I sighed. A slow sigh that seemed to last forever. I leaned over to look into her face one more time. “Good night Zani. Pleasant dreams.” I whispered to an inanimate drawing. I chuckled under my breath and whistled for my lazy dog to go outside before hitting the sheets for the evening.

I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillows. I didn’t bother to do anything except let my clothes hit the floor so I could crawl into bed naked. The whisper soft sheets were silky and cool and I heard Paulie flop to the floor beside me before I gathered that long breath that beckoned me to sleep.

Sometime in the middle of the night I felt something in the bed beside me. I paused long enough to yell at Paulie, “Get off the bed you dumb mutt” when I heard the muffled “Quit” at the second time I shoved the mound beside me. I rolled from my belly so I could face what was in the bed beside me, the room semi lit from the street lamp that shone through the slits in the blinds at the window. I slid the covers down to see what was in my bed, only to see the beautiful face of Zani. 

“What are you doing here?” I asked, as if this were actually happening. Was I asleep or am I awake? I didn’t know, and I blinked as if that would somehow bring me to consciousness.

Then she answered me; her voice was as smooth and rich as honey. “Well, I think the better question might be is why have you brought me here?”

“What?” I replied incredulously “I brought you here?”

“Admit it Harry, if you didn’t believe that I existed, why would I be here?” Then she leaned in and slowly wrapped a hand around my neck and drew my mouth onto hers. The kiss was as sweet as I imagined. Her pink moist lips were soft and pliant beneath mine. As the kiss deepened between us her little tongue danced within my mouth, teasing my tongue and soft palate, gently rubbing the rubbed roof of my mouth. Our lips broke their contact and she started with soft kisses along my chin, cheeks, and down my neck nipping her way along my body. Her voice gently echoed in my ear, “Thank you for seeing me this way” she whispered in my ear. “Now, have you been able to see what I am like underneath?”

My index finger captured the double knot at her bustline. I lowered my face into her bustline, raining kisses onto the tops of her breasts as my hands kneaded the soft pliancy of her waist. As I worked my head up to nip at her neck and her chin, my index finger curled into the knot below her sumptuous tits. I slowly worked my finger in and down to undo the knot there. The cotton eased to allow shirt to fall against her torso. My hands followed gently grazing her skin while I continued to kiss and taste her beauty. Allowing the shirt to open her breasts were as sumptuous as I had drawn. Their roundness and firmness made me take a sharp breath inwards. I stared at my hands, surrounding their creamy orbs the opulent rosy red nipple erect between my thumb and index finger. The bud of her nipple was already a feast before me and my mouth immediately sucked it in. I rolled the tender bit between my teeth easing up to flick it with the tip of my tongue. I sucked in earnest only to hear her moan with pleasure as my prick continued to harden at my groin.

Her hands were wrapped in my hair, stroking the locks there. I continued to hear her moan her pleasure while I worked between both tits. The responsiveness of her breasts was nothing compared to her body beneath mine. I didn’t capture her entire length beneath me; I was half lying on top of her. She thrust her groin around my leg and I knew in my heart that I had to have her naked beneath me, or on top of me, or beside me. I just wanted her as natural as I could possibly have her for making love. I wanted to touch, kiss, taste every single inch of her body. 

My fingers teased around the edges of the shorts, fingering the secrets hidden there. I quickly undid the belt, buttons and zip. My hands slid between the clothes and her naked ass. I loved the feel of her. It was as if her body was made for pleasure. I heard her voice reply; “If you didn’t draw me for that purpose, then why am I here?” Then I felt her slip from her shorts, her gorgeous naked body laid out before me like a feast. I touched every part of her. My mouth wanted to touch every square inch of her. And she was as responsive as I could only imagine. We had this incredible chemistry that allowed for each to anticipate the other’s touch. I started kissing my way down her body, licking every inch that I could. I made my way down her torso, licking the valley between her breasts, the beautiful stomach, even running my tongue into her sweet belly button.

While I was busy kissing my way down, Zani was replying in kind. She was so eager in pleasing me. I felt her eagerness as she wrapped her hand around my cock. It weeped with the pleasure of her grasp. Her touch was as firm as my own, but she had a way of bringing me to my knees. Her thumb teased the head and precum leaked from the tip. It was all that I could do to keep my mind on the task at hand, the gorgeous pussy laid out in front of me. I saw that the lips were full and her clit exposed like a sweet cherry for my mouth.

What else was there to do, I sucked it into the vacuum of my mouth. The clitoris head was full and I laved all the energy I possessed in licking it, rolling it, sucking it and teasing. While my mouth was busy, my hands followed the slick wet path between her thighs. Wet for me, oh yes, she was so wet for me. My fingers rolled into the edge of her pussy. I could feel how full her engorged her pussy walls were her vagina sucking my fingers in while licking and kissing her clit. I started the rhythmic thrusting into her body while licking and sucking her clit. The moans started and then I felt my head trapped between her thighs as she crossed her legs around my head, holding me to my ministrations to her needs. I only fingered her harder, easing three into her and always seeking that rough little ridge to the inside wall. She orgasmed so hard that my fingers were soaked with her love juice. Her hold to my head eased up and I felt her mouth engulf my hard prick. I slowed the pace, allowing her to recover, but she didn’t need to recover. Zani rolled me over and sucked me in hard. All the while she put pressure around my shaft, her tongue rolled around, over, up and down, tasting the veins and the length of me. With her pretty femininity open to me, I could see her pussy lips, her inner labia, and the open wetness of her nether mouth. While Zani’s mouth mimicked the beauty before me, my mouth was busy feasting on the sweet stickiness of her. Zani ground her pussy into my mouth and as she sucked me deep and hard when she came this time, all those love juices running down my mouth and chin.

It was hard to keep my mind on retaining my control. Zani somehow could read my mind. She rolled off and allowed me to feast my eyes on her body. With her nipples erect, her pelvis tilted for entry and her wicked smile at my gaze I felt as though she was teasing me to cum, but I wasn’t ready for that quite yet.

With an insistent hand, I nudged her up and over. She quickly rolled to her knees and spread her legs allowing me complete freedom to her body. I eased in behind her, gently pushing her legs apart so that she would widen her stance. I eased in, thrusting quickly. Her intake of breath told me of her surprise, but her body was ready for my hard cock. She made a keening moan deep in her throat and rotated her hips gently rocking me back and forth. Zani thrust back against me hard and she arched her back and dropped her shoulders to the bottom sheet. I thought I had died and gone to heaven with the pleasure. I took a slow rhythmic thrust in and out. I didn’t always need to go deep, but Zani coaxed my 7 inches to fill her. I felt her body clench and hold me and I thrusted harder and harder, faster and faster, filling her as fast as her body pulsed around me.

“Oh God, yes. Fuck me baby, fuck me so good. Darling Harry, give it to me, give me everything you got!” she cried.

My hands grabbed her waist, small and curvy into my hands. Even with her back arched, Zani managed to lean up to allow me a double handful of her breasts. Nipples erect; my hands grabbed at those soft pliant pillows, squeezing them with each thrust into her body. Her hair whipped around her face as her head shook as she tried to control her next trip to paradise. “Oh yeah Zani, sweetheart, your body was meant for fucking, my sweetness.” I hastened the pace, fast quick thrusts in and out. I felt the flutters of her love walls massaging my jizz from me. I thought to myself, order supplies, tape NYPD Blue, and then I lost it. My spunk filled her and her cries of pleasure let me know that she was cumming as well.

Holding her hips, I ground mine into her asscheeks. The soft roundness cushioning my hipbones while I emptied into her everything I had. It felt as though I emptied everything I could possibly have manufactured in the way of sperm into her love tunnel. Her knees slipped, and I felt her slide away from me. I followed, pinning her body beneath me. She sighed, and I sighed. I slipped from her back somehow keeping my spewing prick inside her. Her knees drew up and we wound up on our sides spooning while my orgasm continued to pulse within her.

We fell asleep that way. A gentle kiss on her neck and my arms around her lulled me into the pleasure of sleep. When I awoke, I was holding a pillow, smudged with ink, a tangle of sheets around me.