 This has been a recurring dream of mine over the past few years. It comes when I'm between lovers. I find it so sexy and always wake up turned on and horny, I just wanted to share it. I hope you like it as much as I do. 

Evening

I'm just turning off the water and reaching for towel, my eyes questioning their opposites in the mirror. 'Will I have the dream again? Who is The Giant? Why's he tormenting me, bringing me to the edge and over it repeatedly?' I pat my face dry and start brushing my teeth. I hope I have the dream again. I always cum when I do, waking up with sodden panties and feeling as though I've had no rest at all. But there's dread. The dream has become more intense recently, much more real. I wake up with complete recollection, the sights and sounds, the smells and tastes and feelings, everything. I put the toothbrush back in the cup and head off to bed, flicking off the bathroom light as I leave. 

The loft is a mix of light and shadows, street lights casting dim yellow pall across the ceiling. I climb under the comforter and snuggle into the soft pillows, my loose ponytail around my neck. I'm tired and sleepy and try to think of something peaceful, my eyes focusing on illuminated square on the ceiling, the sounds of the city fading away. One long blink, my lids heavy. A second long blink, it won't be long now. Peaceful darkness. 

Dream World

I'm looking at my reflection in a triple mirror, staring at a person both familiar and strange. It's definitely my face, the almond shaped blue eyes, the high cheekbones, thin shapely nose, the small pouty lips and blond hair, pulled tightly to my scalp and braided behind me. The body doesn't belong. My breasts are huge, forced up by the half cups of the tight black corset cinched around my middle. They look like two a large melons, but they have no weight and don't need the support the binding garment is offering. And they tingle deliciously. My areolas are puffy, pushing out of the middle of the oversized orbs. Nipples the size of fingertips, pierced with small gold hoops and connected with a matching chain, reach for their reflections. 

The corset has me squeezed tightly, but I feel no pain, down to a waist that is unnaturally small, making my hips swell below it. They're beautiful and round. My panties are cut high on my hips, small and snug and amazingly smooth, not a hint of my cock showing on the outside. I know it's there. I can feel it between my legs, throbbing and pulsing with each beat of my heart, but it doesn't appear in the reflection. Only a small part of my alabaster thighs are visible above the skintight, impossibly high heeled boots I'm wearing. They're absolutely smooth, appearing to have been painted on, they show every delicate curve of my thighs and calves. The heels are so high only the tips of my toes offer them counterbalance. 

My arms are covered from below my shoulders to the base of my fingers, made of the same supernatural material and generating the same feelings on my skin. My white fingers extend out of the dark holes, ending in long blood red nails that match my lip color. I feel no discomfort from my outfit, indeed it stimulates me with tiny electric pulses. I'm admiring the alien body when the voice surrounds me. 

"Come to me." it commands, deep and resonant. My reflection fades with the mirror, the room beyond takes shape. It is massive, lit by millions of candles across the floor. There is no ceiling, there are no walls. I'm lifted and cross above the fragrant candles effortlessly, the light breeze of my motion exciting my exposed skin. I move a very long distance. I take in a different scent with each breath; lilac, rose, the musk of a woman, honeysuckle, the smell of cum, apple,cinnamon, sex. My feet touch the ground before a monumental high backed black leather chair. He appears before me, taking shape from mist and thin air. 

He is The Giant, an Adonis, a creature of pure sex, the focus of all my desire. He towers over the chair, an elbow resting on the top. He is at least 10 ft. tall but I don't fear him. I drink him in with my eyes. Long light brown hair surrounds the most beautiful face I've ever seen, with round brown eyes and full soft lips that smile easily to reveal pearly white teeth. His shoulders,chest and arms are heavily muscled, well-defined and smooth. His nipples were dark brown, large and inviting. The jeans he wears are faded almost white and hug his powerful hips and thick thighs deliciously. His skin as deeply tanned. His eyes sparkle in the candlelight. 

"My pet, you've returned to me again." His voice wraps me in its warm embrace. My body responds involuntarily, the electric pulses increasing in voltage. "We both know you are oversexed, yet you return for more." His gargantuan hand caresses my cheek with skin as soft as a baby. I moan silently. His hand slides down my neck and over both of my tits at once, smooth skin rubbing the exposed and excited nipples. His pinkie tugs the chain gently, causing not pain but an explosion of pleasure through me. My hips pump forward on their own, I am about to orgasm. 

"How should we play this evening? Will it be women, or men? Will it be both? Will you fuck someone your heart desires? Or will you be raped by someone you detest? What will you choose?" His voice penetrates me, his soft hand moving over my constricted midriff and rubbing against my smooth panties. Two large fingers slide between my legs, gently caressing me. My hips move, grinding me against him as he smiles down at me. Tidal waves of pleasure crash through me. I'm moaning and sighing without sound, in need of release. He stops. 

"So my pet, you leave the choice to me. How delightful." His voice is an aphrodisiac, it draws me to him. I want to have him, know I must possess him, that the only thing I'll ever need is him. He sits in the chair, throwing a leg casually over the arm and letting me see the outline of my desire, his beautiful massive cock. " I think we'll start with a woman." His smile pierces me, sending more pleasure through me. He waves his hand and points behind me. 

A black silk covered king size bed is suspended in air over the candles. On it is a beautiful naked woman, a combination of all the women I've known. My mother and sister, Debbie, Jennifer, Suzanne, Melissa, Sarah, Karen and a thousand others. My panties disappear as I am transported to the soft surface. My cock is bigger and thicker than I've known it, 10 in. long and too thick for my hand to fit around. I have no pubic hair, but a tight fitting cock ring around the base of my shaft and balls.

The nymph takes me into her mouth, her talented soft lips and eager tongue working on my oversized pole. I try to watch, but can't pull my eyes from The Giant. His eyes are hooded and his smile gentle, his hand rubs slowly across the length of his giant cock. The nymph's mouth is like liquid fire surrounding me, each touch of her tongue driving me to the edge of an orgasm. I lay on my back and she releases me from her mouth and wraps her small, silky hands around my slick shaft and begins to pump. My eyes roll back in my head and my hips thrust wildly as I orgasm without cumming. The Giant, the object of my obsession, laughs loudly. 

The nymph straddles my hips and guides the engorged purple head between the softest lips I've ever experienced. She is so hot and tight and she slides completely down, her hips riding my pelvis. The muscles of her pussy contract and milk me, pussy fluid escaping her covering my skin. Her mouth covers mine, kissing me deeply, her tongue exploring and taunting me. Her fingers pulling my nipple rings as she kneads my soft bosom. I'm lost in a sea of pleasure, The Giant's voice fills me. "She's just what you wanted, isn't she?" My eyes on him, I moan into the nymph's mouth as I nod. The nymph is riding me to an earth shattering orgasm. Her body a blur moving up and down my cock, friction increasing by the second, her muscles pulling me ever deeper into her. My entire body spasms as orgasm after orgasm flow over and through me, but I do not cum. I gasp for air as my body recovers . 

"My pet, the evening has only begun. Your body has never been sated. Tonight it will be." His voice vibrates through my flesh, giving me goosebumps. The nymph is gone. There is a handsome black man kneeling at my feet. I drag my eyes from The Giant and look him over. He's beautiful, lean and muscular, absolutely black, with a cock the length of my forearm standing out from his groin. As I smile at him, he begins to separate and becomes two identical men. One bends and begins to kiss my feet, I feel his lips through the magic material, my body responds immediately. As I watch him I see my cock disappear. My hand instinctively covers my groin, my middle finger slides over a clit and between two wet warm lips. I have a pussy! I looked to The Giant who smiles and nods, lightly stroking his massive tool. I feel my juices flow as a hand gently lifts my head. 

The second twin is kneeling next to me, his dark cock head inches from my of red lips. My lips part as he guides his meat into my mouth. He keeps pushing slowly, my throat opens and takes him completely in. His balls rest heavily on my chin, his pubes tickle the tip of my nose. His twin has moved to my thighs, kissing and nipping and kneading the soft flesh. His tongue touches my pussy, my hips buck against it. The cock in my mouth is slowly withdrawn until only the head rests on my tongue. I swirl around it and it begins to drive back into me, down the length of my tongue and into my throat. Two fingers slide between my lips, my muscles grip them tightly, and slowly fuck me. Tiny explosions start in my groin and began to travel through my body. 

The fingers are taken from inside me and replaced by a hot hard cock head. It pushes, slowly, my body opening for it and surrounding it tightly. The cock in my mouth continues its long journey from my lips to deep in my throat and back, I milk it and caress it with my mouth and tongue. The explosions in my body intensify as I feel pressure in my pussy. "You are a virgin." The Giant chuckles. I feel my hymen pop painlessly and a cock slide completely into me, hips slapping my spread thighs. I moan around the pole in my mouth and rock into the twin fucking me. 

The cock is withdrawn from my mouth, the beautiful black man straddles my chest. His twin ravaging my pussy is driving me crazy with lust. He takes the chain in his fingers and pulls hard, stretching my nipples to the breaking point. Pleasure explodes from my buds through my tits, and into my core. My muscles grip the cock fucking me harder, increasing the sensation from each thrust. Hands grab the outside of my breasts and the glorious black cock slides between them. They're crushed together as the cock begins to fuck them, its head bumping against my chin. I bend my head down and open my mouth, taking in his velvety knob with each stroke. My orgasm builds slowly, inexorably. It starts in my pussy and spreads, like an avalanche, through every part of my body. All of my muscles and nerves erupt together from the glorious release. Juice flows from my pussy, my breasts and nipples tingle electrically, my lips tremble. 

The twins are kneeling on either side of my head and jerking off. First one cock head then the other is fed into my waiting mouth, pleasured by my tongue and lips and removed. Fingers are rubbing my clit. The chain connecting my nipples is being pulled and twisted. Another orgasm is only a moment away. The cock in my mouth swells and explodes, filling me with the tastiest cum. It spasms and jerks as it delivers its nectar. It is replaced by the second, which slides effortlessly down my throat to deposit its seed. I swallow, feeling its warmth in my belly as it pumps more and more into me. Spent, the cock is withdrawn, the twins melded to one and vanish. I am alone on my suspended bed. I look at The Giant . 

"Is my pet having fun? Is she ready for her next fantasy?" He has unbuttoned his jeans and slid them down to his knees. His cock stands between us, long and thick and veiny. The dark red head is seeping precum as he slowly strokes its magnificent length. "What shall it be?" I want to say you, The Giant, but no sound escapes me. His eyes twinkle and his free hand waves. 

I feel my pussy close and my cock begin to grow again. I watch as it grows to 5, 7,10 finally 12 in. It's even thicker than before, the cock ring materializing to grip it tightly. I feel it pulsing. I'm impossibly hard. The magic material of my outfit is pumping sexual energy into my body. Smoke circles around me and disappears, leaving a naked man behind. It's a boy from college, a real asshole, someone I loath, Mr. high and mighty, here for my pleasure. I want to use and abuse him, fuck him hard and toss him away. The Giant knows this. I smile at Him, he returns it and continues to stroke his magnificence, slowly. 

I crawl to Mr. high and mighty's head and put my hand under his chin, squeezing his jaw hard with the nails of my thumb and forefinger. His lips part and I jam my head into his mouth. I take two handfuls of hair and push my entire cock into his virgin mouth and throat. I feel him gag and retch around it. That only spurs me on. I fuck him savagely, never pausing to give him any relief. I see the tears rolling down his cheeks and smile. I fuck him harder, feeling his wet mouth and tongue fighting against me, his forehead banging the against my belly. I want to cum in his mouth. His tearful eyes plead for me to stop. Another orgasm swells inside me. My balls tightening, a white curtain of pleasure descending over my eyes, I watch my cock disappearing between Mr. high and mighty lips. The cock ring vanishes and I can feel the cum boiling into my cock. I lock my hands behind his head and bury myself in him as I explode down his throat. His gagging milks my oversized head as I shoot more and more and more into him. My cock is not getting soft and I want to rape his ass. 

I looked down at him, my broken little cock whore while I pull my still hard dick out of his abused mouth. The cock ring has returned, I grab the base of my shaft and slap him on the face with the wet head. He's crying and sobbing, mixing his tears with the cum and saliva on my head. I crawl between his legs as he gets on all fours, his pathetic little dick hard between his thighs. Evil thoughts fill my brain, I grab his hips and push my head against his brown opening. I use my knees to pry his legs further apart then thrust forward, stuffing his bowels. His mouth opens and emits a silent scream of pain. I love that . His asshole is so tight it feels like it will shear my dick off. I pause to grab his hair again for leverage, then fuck him mercilessly, riding his clenching hole with long powerful strokes. His body betrays him, he likes it, he likes the giant dick pumping into him. He's rocking back to meet my thrusts, he's wiggling his hips to feel more. His little dick is spraying cum down his thighs, he's moaning like a girl. I pull out of his behind and yank his head around, shoving my dick back into his throat. 

My eyes meet The Giant's, we smile at each other as he lifts his free hand. The cock ring vanishes again. I sit back on my heels, taking my entire length from his now willing mouth and begin to jerk off. Mr. high and mighty is on his stomach, his hands taking the place of mine on my shaft, pumping furiously. My cock head is brushing his open lips, I smile at The Giant as the familiar tightness begins again. I feel it building, drawing its power from everywhere and concentrated in my nuts. Mr. high and mighty the cock whore wants it desperately. It rushes through me and out of me. Rope after rope of cum blast from the scarlet head, filling his mouth and covering his face. He's licking and swallowing as fast as he can but he can't keep up. The cum shower finally ends, my big cock still hard, Mr. high and mighty's cum covered face slowly fades away. I fall forward on to the bed, my nipples tingle from silk rubbing them. 

"That was extraordinary my pet. If you wanted to you could fuck him for an eternity, he needs you that badly . " The all encompassing voice vibrates in my heightened nerves, making my nipples and cock pulse . "What is my pets' fancy this time? Does she want to be gang banged? I would enjoy watching that." His smile is broad and blinding, his hand moving at a blistering pace on his cock. " I see, my pet, what your true fantasy is. I will grant it. I will make love to you. You will orgasm repeatedly from my manipulations."

He lifts his immense body out of the chair, his head rising slowly as he fixes me with his seductive brown eyes. I sit back and cross my legs, admiring his magnificent body, feeling lust swelling inside me, my mouth becoming slick with anticipation. He takes three steps to the edge of the bed, his 2 ft. cock draws me towards it. "Would my pet like to be herself, or a whole woman?" His head cocks slightly to the side, his eyes looking into me. "I see. As you wish, my pet." I wish to remain me. His large hands slide under my arms, his thumbs covering and pressing my nipples into my chest, and lift me off the bed. 

His kiss was magical, sending a wave of pleasure from my lips through my body. His tongue slid gently in, filling my mouth more than any cock ever had. It snakes over my lips, across my tongue and down my throat. He flicked the tip of it, sending incredible shocks of pleasure directly to my sex. I throw my arms around his neck and let him fuck my mouth with his tongue, sucking and teasing the tip before he thrusts it back into me. My body tenses, I orgasm explosively from deep throating his tongue, my hips bucking against his hard stomach, my legs twitching against his pelvis. I do not cum . 

He breaks the kiss and lifts me higher, covering both of my inflated breasts with his mouth. I try to watch, the orgasmic veil slowly lifting from my eyes. His magic tongue wraps completely around my breasts, the tip gliding across the hypersensitive nipples. The chain is being tugged regularly sending bolts of white pleasure into me. His smooth teeth begin to nibble on my buds, his tongue pulling the chain. Electric shock explodes from my breasts and fills my body. My eyes press shut, my head falls back, my body spasms in orgasm again. I do not cum. 

I'm laid gently on my back in the middle of the bed, its silk covering caressing me. The Giant wraps the small chain around his index finger and continues to tug, pulling my nipples impossibly far above my tits, keeping me on the edge of another orgasm. He brings his face close to my engorged cock, an evil smile dances across his lips as they part, his magic tongue snaking around my cock from tip to base. It coils and uncoils around my shaft. Hot and wet, it pulses with his heart beat. His eyes never leave mine. He slides his tongue around my cock again and again, the tip flicking my balls . It's more than I can handle. My fingers dig into the bed, my back arching, my hips thrusting into the air, his hot tongue constricting around my rapidly swelling member. I explode again, losing all control, the most powerful orgasm I've ever felt. I silently scream into the darkness. I do not cum.

A giant hand slides under my back and gently rolls me over. His two massive silky hands caress my soft ass and slide down my legs, pulling them apart. "Is my pet ready for her pleasure?" I pull my elbows underneath me and look over my shoulder, his massive beautiful face inches from my small soft ass. His hands are stroking and massaging my thighs, his index fingers reach up and part my cheeks. I watch the pink tongue slide between his lips and touch my rose bud anus. It slides back and forth, from the base of my sack to the cleft of my cheeks and back. He's concentrating on my opening now, applying more and more pressure with his magical tongue. I relax and feel it enter me, thin and worm like to start, sliding deeper and deeper inside me. He's smiling at me. I feel it start expanding, filling every crevice, it continues to expand, stretching my innards deliciously. It begins to pull out, leaving a void of wanting inside. 
