 Note: All characters portrayed are over the age of 18. In fact Austos is 20, Betha is the same age and Marenda stopped counting a fair while back.





"Let me go." demanded Austos, straining against his bonds.

Marenda twirled a blonde lock lazily, "And why would I want to do that, sweetie?"

"You have taken what you wanted. There's no reason to keep me here any longer." He was naked apart from the apparatus strapped to his crotch and extremely aware of the fact.

The witch lightly scratched at his sparse blonde chest hair seductively, "But what if I want more?"

Doing his best to ignore her soft caress he recited a silent prayer in his mind to absolve himself of the lie he spoke thus, "Then I shan't resist, my Lady. Do as you will, but promise me you will release me to go as I please when you are through."

"Oh, dear, I want to believe you..." she traced one of his nipples. 

Austos shuddered, "You can! You have my word as a Paladin of the Holy Edict."

"You wouldn't hurt me?" Marenda pressed herself against his chest and looked up at him with wide eyes.

"On my honor, I would never harm a woman."

"Oh, so noble. My White Knight." Marenda shifted upwards making sure to grind as much of her body as possible against his, in order to place a soft kiss on his lips. 

Austos forced himself not to recoil, which was much easier to do than it should have been and when she lingered he closed his eyes his own lips parting slightly. When her tongue slipped wetly into his mouth he snapped his head back, his breath coming stutteringly. 

Marenda smiled, "See, I'm not so horrible once you get to know me."

Austos smiled back weakly, "No, my lady."

"Well since you seem to have discovered the spirit of co-operation, I don't see why we shouldn't give you a little freedom at least, keep the circulation going. You might be my prisoner, but that doesn't mean I don't want you to be comfortable." She reached for his leather ankle cuffs and unstrapped them, then tarried to massage the strained flesh, "You're happy to provide the necessary fluids for my philanthropic experiment?"

"I suppose I don't have much choice." Austos half shrugged in his still tight upper body restraints.

Marenda's eyes twinkled up at him, "That's the spirit! Just let it happen and I promise you'll enjoy it."

"Yes, my lady." Austos was not convinced that he was convincing, however she seemed happy as she undid his wrists and neck humming a light tune he did not recognize. "Would it be possible to retrieve my clothing?"

"Oh darling, you needn't worry about that. They'd just get in the way anyway and besides, I like you like this," her eyes ran up and down his young, toned body, "Quite exquisite."

Unable to think of a response, he instead laughed politely. 

After finishing with the ties that bound him and rubbing the blood back into his hands, Marenda hopped down, "That's better. Now best get some food in you, I imagine it's going to be a long night." 

Putting her hands on her hips and making a show of it, her eyes wandered the room in search of sustenance for her captive.

Free of his bonds and with the witch's back to him, Austos took his moment and leapt at her. Austos had always been stronger and faster than his comrades, a fact he tried to hide by tempering himself and holding back when he could have excelled. With no teachers or novices around to observe, he was free to let loose and Marenda did not stand a chance. His arm wrapped round her throat and with a wrench of his shoulder, her spine was snapped and crushed. The witch fell lifeless to the floor. 

Time seemed to waver uncertainly as Austos looked down at the fruits of his struggle, he had never killed a woman before, he had never murdered before. Was this murder though? What were the rules for fighting your captor? He could not remember, not with a woman dead at his feet.

Then the orc mercenary entered the room and the rules became clear again; kill the enemy. Austos ripped off the glass tube attached to his penis, snapping the straps that harnessed it on his hips.

"What have you done?" the orc asked almost rhetorically. 

Austos moved fast, smashing the tube against the edge of the nearby table covered in apparatus he did not recognize. He lunged at Ghoen with a one handed over head strike. The orc blocked powerfully causing shock waves to run up his forearm and the glass blade to shatter in his grip; it cut his hand.

The strike with the weapon was a feint, however and Austos followed up with a fist below her ribs. Orcs were tough and this one was no exception and the blow which would have doubled most humans over merely staggered her. It was enough for the Paladin; he scraped his bloody palm, shards and all across her face and repeated his gut punch. 

The orc took a choking breath and flailed her arms ineffectually trying to attack or merely find something to hold her up. Austos grabbed a wrist, twisted her around and shoved the orc away. She crashed heavily into a table, collapsed onto the floor bringing most of the table's content down with her and went fetal. 

Austos took a step towards Ghoen to finish her off, but his revulsion at the damage he had caused brought him short. Instead he turned and went for the exit, snatching a large cloth and tying it firmly around his waist as he went.

Noticing the blood on his makeshift loincloth he checked his wounded hand and immediately regretted it. Another wave of nausea hit him, this time shock based; slivers of glass stuck out from his wounds and blood coated him down to his elbow. Still he pushed on and staggered through the doorway. 

"You make me a saaaaaad Panda," said a large black and white bear before it slapped Austos so hard he lost consciousness.

****

Austos awoke with a start, immediately trying to roll back and away in order to gain distance from his attacker. Instead, he found himself struggling ineffectually, strapped down tightly on a bed.

"He's awake," Ghoen said lazily, reclining on a chair in a corner.

Marenda popped into view excitedly, "So he is! How are you feeling my strapping firecracker?"

Austos closed his eyes and sighed.

"Well," Marenda continued happily, "seeing as you aren't asking the obvious questions. No, that wasn't real. Yes, we're both fine, thank you for asking. And yes, considering your behavior, we won't be releasing you anytime soon."

"Why are you doing this?" he asked sullenly. 

"Because I need you."

"Uh... What?"

"For your penis. Specifically for your semen of course."

"Of course," repeated Ghoen rolling her black eyes. 

"You know for a water elemental you do like your humor dry," Marenda matched the mercenary's deadpan referring to the orcs' origin as avatars of the planet's water deity.

Despite what the witch had already done to him, Austos still blushed, "My, uh...uh."

Marenda leapt like an overstimulated kitten at him. She slowly traced her claws down his chest then abdomen, "Your. Sticky. Salty. Spunk." She finished by cupping his balls, "I want it."

Austos gulped and his cock twitched threatening a terrifying arousal. 

The blonde nipped playfully at his nose, then span around and walked casually away, "But only for its magical properties. For science!"

This got Ghoen's attention and she actually sat up and fixed the witch with a steady glare which was completely ignored, "What are you brewing, witch?"

Marenda attempted a shrill cackle that achieved none of its desired effect. She looked from the boy's confused stare to the orc's irritated one, "I haven't explained my plan?"

"No." The orc said the word slowly.

"Well that won't do at all will it? The boy should know his fluids are being put towards a philanthropic use."

"What kind of use?"

"I assume you're both familiar with the malaise spreading through the human territories currently?" The witch did not wait for a response, "A plague which makes the women hunger only for the cock o'green? Whilst Orc caravans travel in far greater numbers and conveniently close to human towns and cities with said affliction."

Ghoen stood up and went to loom over the witch, "What are your intentions?"

Marenda continued to feign ignorance to the orc's threatening tone and posture and part turned and lithe like a dancer leaned against the great beast woman resting her head against her opportunely level breasts. She looked up seductively, "Do you want to fuck me, orc? I could struggle if it gets you hot."

The orc's pupils dilated, a hard to notice change with her all black eyes, but Marenda did. She could smell the musk of her sex too as it sweltered. The witch subtly swayed her hips against the orc whose hands found themselves on the smaller woman's curves. Ghoen found a grip on the witch's lacey trousers and with considerable effort pushed her away. She had to swallow before speaking with confidence, "Answer the question."

The witch hopped up onto the nearest table, leaning back and spreading her legs to continue her cajolery, "You've wanted me since I first found you in that mercenaries bar. What is it about me? Do I remind you of someone?"

Arousal instantly replaced by rage, Ghoen growled, "Do not ever-"

Knowing she had pushed hard enough, Marenda changed tack and interjected, "I remember asking whether or not you had any problem fighting other orcs? As you stared at my tits you told me you didn't give a fuck. Has that changed?"

The orc reined herself in, damning that she was being played with so easily, "You are playing a very dangerous game, witch. Now. Last time. What are you brewing and how do you intend to use it?"

"Your orc juju bitches are trying to pull off a social engineering feat with all the subtlety of a drunken moose. They're going to get a lot of people killed including themselves I'd wager my spankable little ass on. I think they need a little lesson in humility by turning their plans to shit."

"Why?"

Marenda grinned through barely parted lips, "Because I fucking feel like it."

"You're lying," even as she said it, Ghoen could not believe whether or not she was so sure. 

"Am I? Maybe you should come over here sweetheart, and force a confession out of me."

"You are insane."

"I'm only mad for you, my great green goddess."

"I'm getting some air, don't know for how long," 

Ghoen turned to leave.

"What? Wait! You need to guard the penis!"

"You will be very lucky if I return," The orc did not break stride and was out of the room quickly.

"Come back right this instance! Now! STOP! FUCK!"

When Ghoen did not return, Marenda slumped back down on the table and stared at the ceiling unmoving. It took several long moments before Austos, still strapped to his own table, cleared his throat. The witch got a shock, "You're still here?"

Austos hesitated before saying, "Yes."

"Well this is a wonderfully dangerous position she's left me in."

He tested his bonds again, unsure what she was referring to. He had no leverage to strain at the knots and they looked proficient and tight. Austos decided he might as well attempt to glean some more information out of the witch. "I don't believe I pose any kind of threat to you, my... um, lady?"

"I'm not the one in trouble here numb nuts."

"You intend to harm me?"

"There'll be no intent involved, sweetie."

The boy knight frowned, "I'm sorry, I don't understand."

"No, you really don't. And that's my fault. All right choir boy, ask me anything."

He did not know where to start so he started with the obvious ones, "Who are you?"

"My name's Marenda. And yours is Austos, fledgling paladin, enemy of whomever your church tells you is evil and all round ignorant do-gooder wannabe."

"I'm not sure if you're trying to insult me?"

"Do you feel insulted?"

"I-"

"Never mind. Next question."

"If I am all those things, what are you?"

"Ah. Persistent. You, not me. I am a horribly unstable travelling psychic vampire with nothing bloody better to do than answer your questions."

"What's a vampire?"

"You don't have them here?"

"No."

"Oh well in that case; a vampire is something that used to be exotic and illicit until it became a sparkly Peter fucking Pan fantasy." Austos looked dumbly at her. "No? A vampire is a metaphor for fear of death, the aristocracy and one's own sexuality."

"I... am confused."

"You want the technical details? Fine. I'm an extra-planar parasite that resides in a deceased human host and feeds on the livings via their blood."

"You're not human?"

"In substance no, but in form yes if that means a damn thing. It's a nice form don't you think? Pert, smooth and easy to blemish. Do I seem inhuman to you?"

"My lady... I-"

"Answer the fucking question. Do I seem monstrous to you? Less than human?"

"Yes."

"What?"

"I am your captive. You toy with me and speak gibberish and riddles. I- I thought I killed you, but it was a trick. What do you want from me?"

"We've already been over that." She said sulkily, curling herself up small. 

"... You want to fight the orcs?"

"No."

"Then what?" 

"I don't know."

Unsure whether or not he was being tricked again he pushed, "You spoke of a sickness and a plan to counter it."

"Yes, your semen. I'm going to use it to create a counter potion. Yes. The orcs are poisoning the wells of every human town they can reach. As if a slew of half-orc bastards are going to make any of the human populations' side with them against the dwarfs. If a town finds itself with a crèche full of half-orc babies what do you think they would do?"

Austos swallowed, "They would execute them or send them away."

Marenda nodded, "Yes, and then what happens when the people realize that they can't have normal human babies?"

He began to pale as the implications of the orc strategy became increasingly clear to him, "Terrible things. Can they truly do this?"

"They've already started. Dodenton, if you know the place is under martial law. A dwarf army is en route to smash the orc camp, but almost a third of the womenfolk were filled with orc cum."

"And if the orcs have any sense, they will leave before the dwarf army arrives."

She grinned, "Oh, are you getting into this?"

Austos grimaced, "Are you lying to me?"

"About what? No. Why would I lie? Do you want to lie with me?" 

"My lady, please, I need to know-"          



"What about my needs?! I've been on this ass-backwards Tolkien rip off for almost a year now and I'm fucking sick of it. And! And after our little dream fuck yesterday I'm horny as all hell for some actual flesh on flesh on flesh."

Austos tensed as the witch poured herself back onto him wantonly. She sat on his thighs and unstrapped the tubed contraption that contained his crotch. His nerves jangled fearfully as he became fully exposed to the unpredictable woman, "But-"

"Shut the fuck up, I've already raped your brain, by comparison this is nothing," The vampire propped herself up so they were face to face and lightly handled his soft cock.

Thumb and forefinger gently tugged his shaft whilst her lower fingers caressed his laden sack. Hot blood was rushing to his groin in seconds, "Please... stop."

"After all the effort I put into reawakening your sexual response, don't you think I deserve a treat? Here was me thinking for a moment you actually were a gentleman." She did not stop.

He closed his eyes and tried fruitlessly to try to think of something, anything besides the deft hand drawing altogether new and sinful sensations from his long forsaken manhood. Marenda used long slow strokes, keeping clear of the supersensitive head and bringing him to a full and aching mast.

"Oh my, riddle me this stud. When is a shower also a grower?" Austos felt her face close to his own and experienced an unnerving sensation that she was still holding his gaze through his closed eyelids, "And what do we have here?"

He felt his foreskin pulled back and a fingertip placed on the slit of his glans, "Is this for me? You shouldn't have," she traced circles of pre-cum around the angry crown.

Austos hips jerked and he gave an unplanned groan of anguished pleasure. He pulled at his bonds and sobbed unable to articulate as she wrought terrible bliss upon him. Her fist steadily milked more sticky ooze from him.

"You forget protestation is only a turn off for decent people," she sighed as tears welled from behind his scrunched up eyes.

"Wait! You need me!" The boy gasped out in effort.

"Damn fucking straight I need you. Now stop whining and enjoy this," she stopped wanking him long enough to rapidly pull her pants and underwear off.

"As a virgin!" he cried out even as she winded him with a pounce.

"What are you talking about?" she demanded even as she grabbed his cock and aimed it at her hungry cunt. 

"For the potion!"

"The what? - Oh fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Can't fuck him sweetness, it would sour the milk," Miranda hiccupped a shaky laugh. 

"Please. Release me," Austos referred to the hand still grasping his penis. 

"Oh?" she let the erection slap back against his firm belly and sank down; kneeling on the floor and resting her head on his thigh. She regarded the member longingly and traced a digit over it tenderly making Austos groan again.

"Right, sorry. Business. Busy with business now and back to it. Potions don't brew themselves; well most don't at least," she got up and paced around, stopping when she stood above his head. "Wait a moment."

She grabbed his ears and tilted down so that their faces were inverted to each other, "The potion. You consent to help with the potion?"



"Are you giving me a choice?"

"Well I'm giving you the illusion of choice which is just as good as the real thing provided you are ignorant of said illusion..."

"Never mind, please just promise me you're doing this to fight the orcs."

"Ugh, try not to think of it as an us versus them activity, it's immature. I'm trying to prevent a tragedy."

"Very well... I... I consent."

Marenda upside down kissed him awkwardly and beamed at him. Her face lit up so brightly that for half a moment he grinned back goofily before stopping himself with an equally goofy frown.

The witch backed off to retrieve the thrown aside groin gear. As she bent over Austos noticed she had not covered her below the waist nudity and got an eyeful of pouting wet vulva. His mouth instantly went back to desert conditions and he rapidly looked away. 

Oblivious Marenda rose, "I'm going to need a signature of course."

Brain barely operating, he managed a,"Whu?" 

"Sorry sweetie, just a little light bondage humor."

He cleared his throat and asked, "What happens now?"

"Now I milk you like a cow." Austos' eyes bulged, "Don't worry sugar cock; I'm going to put you to sleep again for this."

"What do you mean? How?"

"Same way I did last time."

"Last time? ...Betha. I was with Betha. It was real? That was you!?"

"Well technically it was mostly you, but we don't have time for the minutiae. I feel another spell coming on and we're lucky that I only took the notion to fuck you just now. I might feel like ripping out your throat next."

"I still don't understand. You can't control yourself?"

"In a word; fucking no."

"I see," he really did not.

Marenda sang off key to herself as she secured the last of the equipment, "Every sperm is sacred, every sperm is good. If a sperm is wasted, I will absolutely fuck someone up. Now," she said once satisfied, "close your eyes."

Austos could not help the fear that crept up within him, "My lady..."

"CLOSE YOUR FUCKING EYES!"

****

"Are you feeling all right, Austos? You've gone very pale."

"No... I," he smiled a little groggily at his bride lying beside him, "I'm fine, just a little tired."

