 "This needs to end," Stated Ghoen as she scrubbed away the remaining blood.

Marenda had bunched herself into a corner and was biting her own knuckles. She made no sign of comprehension at the orc's words.

The orc had returned an hour prior ready to rage her resignation at her bizarre client, collect her belongings and slam the door on her way out. Instead, she was on her hands and knees cleaning up a mess consisting of blood and sexual ejaculate. She had found Marenda clinging to the chest of the boy, Austos, she thought his name was; whilst sobbing and whispering apologies to his unconscious form.

There had been a great deal of blood, though neither of them seemed injured. The boy was even paler than the witch, if such a thing was possible, and his breathing was shallow, however he otherwise seemed alive. The orc had come in yelling, yet Marenda had uncharacteristically flinched away from her and clung to her victim all the tighter. 

She looked so much like her. There were differences; the witch's hair was longer and straighter, her body was more boyish with fewer curves and her blue eyes were a few shades paler, yet the similarities jammed a dagger directly into the orc's heart. Ghoen simply could not bring herself to abandon the woman in such a condition of vulnerability. 

"Talk to me, witch," the mercenary was no longer angry, just tired.

This time Marenda made an incomprehensible mumbling noise. Ghoen supposed it was better than nothing. 

She continued pressing the witch, "Your tools are broke."

The vampire coughed a little before finally speaking directly to Ghoen for the first time since her return, "No shit."

"Are you going to tell me what happened?"

"I fucked up. I fucked up and you weren't here to-" Marenda's voice rose in pitch before she cut herself off and choked out, "I'm sorry."

"It's alright," it was not.

The witch looked up so that their eyes met. Ghoen could see no tears, only an aged and haunted look, "I'm so sorry."

The orc shuddered and was unable to maintain the gaze. The term 'vampire' still held little meaning to her, but she felt like maybe she was getting the gist. Satisfied that the room looked significantly less like a torture chamber now, Ghoen began to pack away the make-shift cleaning tools she had requisitioned for the task.

"I lose control," was the witch going to open up? The mercenary gave her a brief nod of acknowledgment as she stuffed bloodied rags into a bag.

"Sometimes just for a moment," Marenda went on, "Occasionally for hours. Usually I just make an ass of myself; say something awful or whatever. Other times I really hurt someone."

"This is his blood then?" Ghoen brandished the red cloths, "I suspected, but there are no wounds on him."

The vampire smiled faintly, "Contingencies. Most all of my stuff is for contingencies for when I fuck up someone good."

"So... I thought when you hired me as his bodyguard-"

Marenda finished the orc's sentence for her, "You thought I was just being facetious or weird. A deception in plain sight. One of my collection of specialties."

Ghoen sighed, "But you were being honest in a fashion. You have been one unpleasant surprise after another."

"That is a marginally kinder way of putting it than others have," the occultist wore her familiar sinister grin. 

The twisted smile rekindled the orc's anger and she shouted, "What the fuck is wrong with you? What kind of person employs others to protect against themselves?!"

Marenda matched her to the decibel, "A fucking monster, that's who."

"I am beginning to understand that!" the orc dropped what she was doing in order to face the witch and bring herself to full height. 

"Then why are you still here?" the vampire also stood up.

"I- Because-" she could not say the words to the doppelganger.

Marenda was almost suddenly close to her, "Kiss me."

That she could do. Anything to push away the conflicting feelings churning within her. The orc wrapped an arm around the human's waist, drew her in and mashed their lips together. She pushed her tongue roughly into the vampire's mouth to seek out its partner and they danced together. The witch's tongue riposted her own and brought the kiss deeper. Ghoen growled low in her throat as her lust built. 

The orc could feel Marenda smiling into the kiss and was unable to stop herself simpering back. She had no clue as to who or what this vampire-human was, yet she knew she wanted to fuck her. When she picked her up, the witch clung happily onto her. Ghoen dropped her into a chair and smouldered. 

"Take off your clothes," the orc demanded from a place deep within her throat.

"First tell me; who was she?" 

In an instant, her desire was crushed. It was such a hard blow, that she could not muster her rage in response. Instead she could only sag, "Don't..."

"You must have really loved her. How long ago-" 

Ghoen had to cut her off, "Please."

The vampire tilted her head to the side almost innocently, "You should talk about it."

Ghoen looked down at the ghost of her past. Her clothes were dishevelled and legs akimbo. Would making love to that body make her feel better? Would unearthing history really do anyone any good? The orc did not believe it would.

"It's late," stated the sell-sword flatly, "You should get some sleep."

"I don't need to sleep, sweetie. Or eat. Or breathe. I can do, but I don't need to." 

"Well, I need to. Good night," Ghoen managed not to run out.

****

Austos grimaced as Marenda forced another large spoonful of jam into his mouth. At least he was wearing trousers. With a supreme effort, the young paladin forced himself to swallow the concentrated berry flavour, "Are you sure you don't have any bread my lady?"

"Fairly certain, yes. You've been catching so may Z's that all the food we bought for you has died," she winked at him, "Sorry."

"How long was I unconscious?"

She rolled her eyes in thought, "In total or since I last knocked you out?"

That did not sound good, "Um... both?"

"Well." She put down the jam in order to put her hands on her hips theatrically, "We've had you here for almost a week and it's been twenty-four hours since our little incident," she paused, "For which I am very sorry about, you understand?"

Austos cautiously thought that maybe he was gaining some understanding, though his recollections from the previous day were hazy. He remembered what they had spoken about; a devious orc plan to throw the human nations into chaos and Marenda's ploy to subvert it. He had consented to the use of his semen for use in a counter potion using the strange dream method the witch employed. Then there had been pain and a cacophony of vividly lurid fantasies.

The paladin jolted, "I'm injured?"

"You were. I fixed you up, though," she poked his chest, "See?"

He looked down, but could see no evidence of any wounds, "Uh..."

"I used the good stuff, so there won't be any scarring. I am really, really sorry."

Austos took a deep breath and spoke solemnly and earnestly, "I forgive you."

Marenda's jaw clenched and she glared at him with vehemence that came seemingly out of nowhere, "Fuck you," she snarled.

His breath came out in a mixture of shock and annoyance. Just when he thought that he was connecting with her she would turn. She held out another portion of jam at a full arm's length. He accepted the viscous food with as much grace as he could manage whilst holding the witch's icy glare. To his credit she broke the gaze first.

The orc entered the room with a swagger, though she frowned when she saw Austos, "You haven't let him go?"

"Why would I want to do that? He's so cute all trussed up and spoon fed," night became day in an instant and she flashed a surprisingly bright smile at the mercenary.

He was even more confused when Ghoen moved right up to the witch and pulled her close. When the orc sniffed the blonde's hair he choked on his jam. She regarded him with a mixture of pity and annoyance and when she spoke, acted as if he was not there.

"I thought we had spoken of this?" the mercenary whispered to Marenda. Austos' hearing was sharp enough that he had no difficulty hearing, especially considering their close proximity. 

"He's still weak and we're out in the sticks. I'd rather the munchkin didn't die of exposure or some other grizzly fate because of my negligence," the witch sing-songed back.

Austos was incensed by the 'munchkin' remark, yet more alarmed by the turn of events, "You're releasing me?"

"That's right, sweetie. I think I've fucked you up more than enough at this point. Now open your mouth," she brandished her spoon, "Here comes the aero plane!"

He dodged the projectile and focused on the words he understood, "But- Does that mean we're finished?" Austos was a little alarmed that he felt disappointed. 

Marenda bit her lip and started to speak, however she was cut off by the orc, "You're done, boy. Leave it at that." 

He decided to take her advice. He was still unsure whether or not he had had a single straight answer from either of them in the time they had shared. Besides he had learned more from listening than asking questions so far.

"I would have likely fucked the situation up worse anyway," Maranda added.

It was enough clarification to confirm that they were giving up not only on using him, but the plan in its entirety. This would not do. The strategy was sound even if the implementation was sinful. Was this Ghoen's doing? Had she convinced or forced the witch into quitting? 

Austos considered his options. If he truly was released and this was not another cruel trick he was obligated to return to his order and report what he had learned. How would his superiors react? He expected the highest chance of response would be incredulity, disbelief and to be assigned several months of penance for lying and absence without leave. The paladin would be duty-bound to accept his punishment with humility. 

Could he convince the Holy Order that he was being truthful, and if so, what then? What approach would be used to combat the threat? Orcs were slippery and hard to catch. He had already established that there was no clear way to stop a race of water elementals from poisoning the water short of war. A sinking feeling settled upon him. It would be war as soon as the dwarfs discovered the ploy anyway and by reporting it, Austos would be in part responsible for it. He knew instantly that that was a burden he could not bear to live with.

Could he lie? It would require that he broke his vows which in itself was another horrific thought. No, the more he thought about it, the more the witch's brew seemed like the only slim chance of a peaceful resolution. Perhaps he could take her to his commanders... And tell them that a virgin's semen was required for an unsanctioned magical rite. Humans practicing magic was an offence punished only with execution. He might even be considered irreversibly tainted already before propositioning further rituals. 

Austos ground his teeth, it seemed that only in the here and now could he make a positive difference, "No," he said.

"But it's so very, very scrumptious, sweetie," Marenda said cheerfully pushing the spoon towards him again, however her eyes flashed a warning and she gave him a barely perceptible shake of the head. Austos was a little disconcerted that she could read his intentions so easily. 

Ghoen was a short distance away packing up the few effects she had left in the spacious basement, "Eat the food, boy. Gather your strength and leave."

Was the vampire afraid of the orc? "What about the counter-potion?" he whispered. 

She hissed back from between her teeth, "It's over, Austos. I fucked up and now it's time to go our separate ways and be glad no one is dead."

"I can't accept that. We need to stop the orcs," he replied firmly.

"There's no 'We'."

Austos tried to keep the desperation out of his voice, "Your plan is the only way to fix things peacefully."

"How the fuck do you even know that?"

Their whispered argument had alerted the mercenary, "Know what?"

Marenda spoke first, "That our virgin here is as stupid as he is naive."

The holy man knew that his only chance was to make the witch see reason and under the circumstances, the orc too. Looking up at the six foot tall and clearly aggravated warrior woman, he did not like his chances, however he could not relent.

"We need to stop the orcs from poisoning the water," he rushed through before Marenda could stop him.

Ghoen scowled at the blonde, "I thought we had an agreement?"

"We do. I'm-" the witch started, but was cut off.

The orc put a hand on his shoulder and applied pressure, making him sink deeper into his chair, "Orc matters do not concern you, boy."

Austos ignored the implied threat and pressed on, "It concerns everyone. If we don't do something there will be war."

"A few orc bastards won't start a war," she rumbled.

He insisted, "They will when the dwarfs find out how they came to be."

"Not if no-one tells them."

He grunted as the orc's grip grew painfully tight, "They'll figure it out anyway. They're not stupid."

"Ghoen, let him go," Marenda said quietly. 

The orc ignored her, "Are you calling me stupid, human?"

The witch had apparently had enough, "Oh for fucks sake Ghoen. Stop being so sancti-fucking-monious and get a clue. He's right about the orc plan. It's a path straight another futile bloody genocide."

Austos stared defiantly up at the orc holding him down, "Thank you. You see-"

"Shut the fuck up," Marenda snapped, "You're supposed to be a paladin? A holy warrior? Is patience not a virtue where you come from? You have to poke the bear?"

The mercenary furrowed her eye ridges in dark concentration, "He is a soldier of the human order... He cannot be trusted. We have to kill him."

He squirmed; she really meant to kill him, "Aren't you listening, the orcs-"

"Are not to be interfered with."

"But you're a mercenary. You don't have to. Please."

"I'm sorry, boy. I am no traitor," the orc put her large hands around his throat and began to squeeze.

Austos looked over to Marenda desperately who looked back in an alarmingly detached fashion. She spoke, "I can make him forget."

"What?" asked the orc who looked more upset than the witch.

"Keep him held down so I can bite him."

Ghoen released her grip enough for Austos to breathe, however he did not. Instead, he took his moment. He slammed his forehead into the orc's nose. He was too weak to break it, but it was enough to stun her long enough to get his arms between their bodies and shove hers away. The paladin kicked off the floor so that he fell backwards with the chair and came out of the clattering impact in an awkward combat roll.

"You can't make me forget," he said shakily as he adopted a defensive stance.

"This is your best case scenario, you imbecile," Marenda yelled at him.

Austos highly doubted that. Ghoen walked round to one side of him, a few arm spans out of reach. An untrained observer would say that she moved casually and without purpose, but the paladin knew better. The orc was double checking him for weakness. She held the surety of a warrior whose victory was assured. A glance at her eyes and the barest upturn of a smile told of an intent to cause him harm also. He had already lost the fight that was about to occur and they both knew it.

He would not allow himself to give up, however. He was bound by pride, vows and a beautiful blonde woman in the corner who made his head hurt. The mercenary made the first move, a hand reaching for his shoulder. Austos saw it for what it was, a design to not appear to be the aggressor, to force him into a martial block. So instead he back stepped, bending his knees just enough to duck away from her grab. 

"I don't want to fight you, boy," the orc lied, reaching again for him.

"Then help us," he repeated the back step; if she wanted to catch him, she would either have to have the patience to force him into a corner, or make a committed lunge. 

The holy man gambled on the latter and was rewarded when she surged at him; if you consider a six foot tall angry green warrior attacking you as a reward. Certain he would be unable to overpower her in a grapple, he deflected the arm and swivelled into an elbow strike aimed at her chin. Ghoen managed to lean back far enough to dodge the blow before side stepping some distance between them. 

She had no more words for him, only a predator's smile. The orc came at him again, deliberately telegraphing her attacks. The paladin discerned the strategy intended to wear him down, a traditional orc tactic of flowing around one's opponent whilst quickly eroding their defences. The dwarf counter to the strategy was to choose an incoming blow and commit fully to it, with the aim being to force the orc to overcommit. Block and counter.

Austos was not a dwarf, however it seemed like he had no other viable options. Ghoen had obviously decided that the time for talk had passed. He chose a blow, blocked it with his forearm and pushed back. The paladin cried out with the effort, he felt like he was trying to push over a building. Ghoen pushed back and Austos took his moment with the strongest gut jab he could achieve. Before his counter even struck, he saw the glint in her eyes and knew he had failed.

He put everything he had into the punch and his aim just below her ribs was true. She absorbed the blow like an anvil. The paladin realized that he would have been outmatched even if he was at full strength. He had spent more than a decade training to fight orcs and it was humbling to feel so absolutely unprepared. Ghoen slammed her fist into his stomach and when he doubled over; backhanded him in the head. Austos crumpled.

"Do you need him on his front or back?" the orc asked Marenda.

"It doesn't matter."

"Front it is," she knocked him flat and ground his skull into the floor.

The holy man's breaths came in choking rasps and his vision swam. He still wanted to struggle, yet his body only desired to curl up in a ball; the orc pinning him down prevented both. Though everything was blurred he could just make out the witch kneeling down beside him. She lifted his wrist.

"I won't forget," he held to his defiance.

"Yes you will," Marenda said without emotion.

"I won't," he coughed, "I can see through your spells, this won't be different."

Ghoen growled, "What is he talking about?"

"Ignore him."

"In the dreams I could see her. I wasn't supposed to."

Marenda hissed, "You seriously need to shut the fuck up!"

The orc addressed the witch, "Is this true? Can he resist your magic?"

"Fuck! Ghoen I need you to-"

"Is this a trick?! To spare him?!" as she said it, Austos knew it to be true. Marenda had been trying to save him and he had just kept on digging his own grave.

"No, uh... I was just trying to buy time. Uh... honest."

Ghoen looked at him like he had just grown a second nose.

"Get off him, Ghoen."

Bemusement was replaced by fury in an instant, "He dies. You stay out of the way."

Marenda seemed to grow a foot as she squared off with the orc and matched her intensity, "You need to leave this alone. Now."

"This is the future of my people."

"We have been over this!" the witch's voice rose to a screech. "Round and round and fucking round. You do not harm him; this conversation is over."

"Yes it is," the mercenary lifted his head; she was going to bash it in.

Austos endeavoured to throw her off him despite the obvious futility of the effort. He knew that he was particularly resilient for a human and that it would probably take several blows to crack his skull. A cheery thought before a grisly death. He could not think of anything useful or profound to say; so far he had only made things worse for himself, so if he said any more he would probably only encourage the orc to gouge out his eyes before finishing him.
