 I had suspected for a long time that the world as we knew it was not all there was. It probably started simply enough with my interest in the supernatural, though not just ghosts and hauntings; I was fascinated by ESP, telekinesis, clairvoyance, you name it. As I got older and experienced movie series like The Matrix and Star Wars, I started thinking that maybe it wasn't really a "matrix" constructed to mislead us or "the force" binding together all living things but sort of a combination. I hypothesized that our current state is more of a fragile and imperfect larval stage before we ascend to a higher consciousness. With so many religions associating dying with ascending to Heaven or achieving Nirvana or reaching some other plane of existence, it kind of made sense that spiritual and religious leaders had figured out something similar and had tried to teach it. I also figured that authentic psychics and mediums had probably tapped into some aspect of it. The question was: could I tap into it as well or was there some specific trait that was required?

I was at the dentist having work done on a crown and, to distract myself during the procedure, I envisioned walking through amusement parks I'd visited during some of my vacations. I never felt as though I transcended my body, because I always knew what was going on around me in the dentist's office, but it got me thinking that it might be an exercise I could use to try to test my theories and I suspected it would probably be easier than trying to read minds or see dead people. As I got started, I was immediately reminded of Transcendental Meditation and wondered whether that movement initially had goals similar to my own before it was bastardized as it became a part of pop culture. I didn't sit cross-legged and utter a mantra, however; I found it easier to relax lying on my back. Unfortunately, I often dozed off before I made any progress. It took a while before I not only stayed awake but was both relaxed and focused enough to have a breakthrough.

Since there would be way too much detail to try to recall, I didn't begin my experiments with the amusement parks. To keep it simple, I focused instead on a location I knew well that would still be outside the walls of my home. I decided on the light rail station, since I stood there every morning waiting for the train and knew the details well enough. I lay in bed, closed my eyes and thought about what I'd be seeing if I was standing at the light rail station and, when I could actually smell the smells and feel a slight breeze, I knew it had worked. Of course this realization caused me to lose my concentration and I found myself opening my eyes lying in bed once again. I was smiling, though, because I had just proven, however briefly, one of my hypotheses. It was difficult to get my focus back after that and I ended up falling asleep once again before I could successfully return to the light rail platform.

The next night, after thinking all day about how to maintain my concentration and remain focused, I was once again lying in bed and found it a little bit easier this time to project myself out onto the train platform. Once I was certain that I wasn't going to end up back in bed, I started moving around, walking up and down the platform and looking around. I realized that I could feel the platform under my feet, which would make sense since I was lying in bed barefoot, but I didn't feel any kind of chill, either from the cool concrete or due to the fact that I was naked. When I looked down to confirm that I was actually naked, I realized that I couldn't see my body. This, of course, was a little bit unsettling but I remained focused, in part because I realized immediately how this could work in my favor. I wondered, however, whether my body was there but not visible or whether my body was not physically with me, even though I could feel it. I kind of suspected that it wasn't there, since it was probably still in my bed, but I knew an easy way to find out for sure. There were poles along the center of the platform for lights and to support the overhead catenary wires as well as a couple of shelters, so I just walked along, passing through each of them without feeling a thing.

My first thought following this confirmation was that I should go take a walk through the women's locker room at the rec center around the corner. My next thought was that the rec center was probably closed at that hour but that I could walk into pretty much anybody's house. There were definitely a few houses between the train station and my own home where I knew there were women I'd be interested in seeing naked. I decided to make my way toward home and see how things went at each of them. So my first reaction to making a monumental discovery about the way the universe works was to use it to see naked women. That's pretty much me in a nutshell.

Because I walked home from the light rail station every day, it felt perfectly natural as I embarked along my typical route. I suspected that I could probably kind of, to borrow a term, apparate and disapparate rather than walking but I figured I'd need to practice that a bit to see how difficult it might be. For the moment, I was fine with walking. As I rounded the corner and was contemplating which house to start with, I saw Megan coming toward me, walking her dog and heading for her house. It was late and she was still up so I figured there was a good chance I'd be able to observe her getting ready for bed, which was bound to involve nudity. I watched her enter her home through the front door then followed, passing through the gate then through the front door. She was hanging up the dog's leash and neither she nor her dog gave any indication that they even sensed I was there.

I wandered around her living room a little as she did a few things before starting to shut lights off. I followed her as she moved toward the back of the single-level house and turned lights on in her bedroom and the bathroom. She was wearing yoga pants and a light jacket, the latter of which she unzipped and stripped off inside her bedroom. Once she'd tossed the jacket on a nearby chair, the remainder of her clothes were shed pretty quickly. She was wearing a tank top under the jacket, which she yanked up and off, tossing it into a laundry basket in the bottom of her closet, then pushed her yoga pants down. She kicked them into the laundry basket as I admired her in just a bra and bikini panties, my cock fully rigid that quickly. She had just the right amount of curves and her tits were on the larger side of average so I wasn't even blinking as she reached back to unfasten her bra. As it slid down her arms and her tits barely dropped, I was already wondering whether I could feel them without her feeling me feeling them.

Her areolas were on the larger side but her nipples weren't hard at that moment, though I hoped to see them in that state at some point. She hung her bra up, presumably because she'd be wearing it again, then slid her panties down. I watched her tits swinging as she leaned forward before my eyes were drawn to her trim, dark blonde bush. She kicked her panties into the laundry basket and grabbed a nightshirt, pulling it on and covering her nudity. I hung around a little longer, just watching as she did her final ablutions before going to bed but not seeing any more nudity or any self-pleasure. Instead of walking the rest of the way home or visiting anyone else, I focused on returning to my body and, when I opened my eyes, I was back in bed. The strange thing was that, when I glanced at the clock, it didn't appear that any time had passed. This was strange, not only because I'd been out of my body for a fair amount of time, but also because I'd seen what time it was at Megan's house on her clocks. Of course my first thought was that I could go back over and watch her get undressed again, which would undoubtedly be just as enjoyable as the first time had been, but I knew that I'd want to touch or lick her or, at the very least, stroke my cock. Now that I knew that I could travel without my body, I needed to figure out a few other things, such as whether I could touch or be touched or if I could make myself visible or solid in another location. So much to experiment with.

Chapter Two

Realizing that I could leave my body then return at the exact moment I'd left, regardless of how long I'd been gone, was major, especially when it came to practicing and perfecting this ability. I didn't have to wait until I'd gone to bed to work on it; I could take a break during my workday, go to a focus room and, within half-an-hour or so, spend hours outside of my body, traveling to different places and trying out different things. It wasn't long at all before I was able to close my eyes and focus on a location then just be there. I practiced navigating through various environments, both invisibly and visibly. I worked on feeling and moving things while invisible, including determining whether people could feel me touch them, which it turned out I had control over. I discovered that, while I was visible outside my body, I could modify my appearance, so I practiced that as I stood before a mirror, which was pretty freaky.

There were days where I'd spend a couple of hours at Disneyland or Cedar Point or sitting on a beach then return to work right when I'd left. One interesting thing I discovered was that, since no time passed for my physical body, I wasn't hungry. That doesn't mean I didn't eat, though, because things I ate or drank didn't affect my physical body. I could pig out on unhealthy food and still remain healthy. Of course the only way I could do this was when I determined that, along with being able to modify my appearance, I could not only select what I wanted to be wearing but how much money was in my wallet, as well. I didn't get sunburned and, though I could feel pain or discomfort, it was always temporary, as if to make sure I reacted as I normally would so as not to draw attention to myself. I didn't attempt to survive a car crash or a fall from a great height, though I suspect I'd have been able to return to my body and avoid the ill effects.

Of course I also went back to Megan's house, as well as to the homes of other women I knew and locker rooms and other places I could see women undressed or undressing, but I didn't spend all of my time in pursuit of that. For one thing, I still hadn't figured out how to satisfy my desire to go beyond looking. Sure, I could have groped anyone and had no one the wiser, but that wasn't really what I wanted. The thing with Megan, and the other women I did visit, was that I knew how to get where they were, where to find them. There were tons of women I'd have been interested in seeing naked but, if I didn't know where they lived, I couldn't visit them at home where they'd be undressing. Likewise, I couldn't use my abilities to assassinate an evil despot if I had no idea how to get access to his palace or compound or whatever. Honestly, at the onset of all of this discovery, although the thought did bounce around the back of my mind, I just didn't have the motivation to do the research that would be necessary.

I discovered and made my next step entirely by chance during a visit to see Megan. When I arrived, she was lying on her couch and looked like she was on the verge of dozing off. She was wearing a t-shirt and shorts and was clearly braless but it didn't appear that she'd be getting naked anytime soon. I thought that I could easily get her off, which wouldn't necessarily do anything for me, but I wondered how she would react if she was half asleep and she saw me. If I was not visible and I got her off in her semi-conscious state, she'd probably attribute it to a dream but, what if I was visible? Would she also think that she was dreaming? I thought that if I helped her to draw that conclusion, maybe that could work in both of our favors.

I positioned myself toward the foot of the couch where I'd also block the TV so she'd notice me immediately. I elected to be wearing pajama pants and a t-shirt so it would not appear as though I'd just walked in off the street. When she closed her eyes briefly, I made myself visible and was looking around rather than staring at her when she opened her eyes again.

"What are you doing here?" she mumbled, groggily, not sounding even remotely alarmed.

"You tell me," I replied, still glancing around.

"How would I know?" she asked, sounding slightly more awake.

"Well, it is your dream, after all," I said, looking at her, "I didn't just wander in off the street."

"Wait, what?" she asked, "My dream?"

"You know, the dream where I make you cum multiple times?" I replied, "Oh...I guess I do know what I'm doing here."

"You're here to make me cum?" she asked, with increasing interest.

"Unless you'd rather I didn't," I said, "I can just wake you up instead."

"No," she said, a little louder than I'm sure she meant to, causing her dog to look up briefly, "I like to cum, even if it is in dream...a very vivid dream."

Her dog, Gatsby, who usually went pretty nuts when he saw me passing by Megan's house, put his head back down, apparently not even seeing or hearing me. This was interesting. I sat on the edge of the couch next to Megan and immediately started caressing her tit through her t-shirt, feeling her nipple harden while my cock started to do the same. She closed her eyes and moaned softly, confirming that she could feel my caress just as if I was actually there in the flesh. I slipped my hand up under her shirt until I encountered the soft, smooth flesh of her bare tit. I gently caressed it and brushed my palm over her hard nipple then switched over and did the same to her other tit. She was smiling and, when she opened her eyes, they had a glazed look. This was obviously getting her motor running and I suspected that her pussy was probably pretty wet by that point, so I slipped my hand out of her shirt, which I pushed up above her tits, exposing both of them. As I moved off of the couch to kneel beside it, I slipped my hand into her shorts, caressing the front of her panties, which was damp. She moaned and spread her legs apart so, after lightly running my fingers over her pussy through her panties, I slipped my hand into her panties as I lowered my head to lick and suck her hard nipples. My fingers passed through her groomed pubes and found her pussy overflowing with juices.

I slipped a finger easily into her, noting how wet and snug she was while knowing that slipping my cock into her would feel amazing. After sliding it in and out a few times, I lightly caressed her clit, causing her to let out another moan. While continuing to lick and suck her nipples, I alternated between sliding a finger in and out of her and caressing her clit. She was rocking her hips, holding my head with one hand while the other dangled off the side of the couch, eventually finding my rigid cock tenting out my pajama pants. She didn't extract it and jerk me off, but she did caress and grip it occasionally. I was fine with her limited attention because I preferred that she focus on the pleasure she was feeling. She seemed to be building toward an orgasm based on the sounds she was making, the way she was rocking her hips and how her pussy was becoming wetter and more engorged.

When she finally gasped and her body started shaking, I didn't look over to see if Gatsby reacted but, for all I knew, he was accustomed to her expressions of pleasure. I continued what I'd been doing to make her cum as she was cumming, ceasing only once I was certain that she was finished. I raised my head and slipped my hand from her shorts, tasting her juices on my finger and knowing what I wanted to do next, regardless of how rigid my cock was. When she opened her eyes and smiled at me, she reached out and pulled my head toward her so that we could kiss. As we progressed to making out, she reached for my cock again and gripped it through my pajama pants.

"I want your cock inside me," she finally said, after pulling her mouth from mine.

"Let's get you undressed then," I replied and helped her to sit up. I pulled her shirt the rest of the way up and over her head while gazing at her succulent tits then, after tossing it aside, she raised her ass so that I could slide off her shorts and panties together. She slid forward, completely naked, so that her ass was on the edge of the couch cushion but, before slipping my cock into her, I lowered my head between her parted thighs and licked her pussy. She let out a passionate moan and grabbed my head so I surmised that she'd be okay if I didn't stick my cock in her right away. Instead, I slurped up her flowing juices first then slipped my finger back into her while licking and sucking her clit. She was moaning continuously and, while I wanted her feeling a great amount of pleasure, I wasn't trying to draw it out; my goal was to make her cum so I could slip my cock into her. I knew I had all the time in the world since I'd just end up back in my bed at the exact moment that I'd left but, as hot and wet as her pussy felt, I was just anxious to feel that around my throbbing cock.

Once again, her pussy was becoming even wetter and more engorged the longer I was eating her but I figured she was right on the verge of cumming when she started tensing up and arching her back. I continued what I was doing since it was clearly having the intended effect and she ultimately went from being all tensed up to being completely limp, collapsing back onto the couch as her entire body trembled. I didn't stop eating her pussy until she'd completely ridden out her orgasm, as evidenced by her going completely still and letting out a long sigh. At that point, I raised my head, slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth, sucking off her juices, then stood. I pulled my t-shirt off then started to slide my pajama pants down while she watched, her eyes going wide as my rigid tool sprung out. She sat up, took it in her fist and pumped it a couple of times before engulfing it in her hot mouth. I moaned as her lips slid down my shaft then back up again but she only sucked me off for a moment because she still wanted to get fucked.

I sat beside her on the couch and she swung her leg over to straddle me, reaching down for my cock and guiding it toward her pussy. My hands were on her tits as she lowered herself onto my cock, both of us moaning as it filled her. She sat on it for a moment as I fondled her tits then started to slowly move up and down. I savored the feel of her snug, slippery pussy sliding up and down my shaft while still a bit astonished that this was actually happening. She didn't try kissing as she was riding me which was fine with me because I was still admiring her tits. As she rode me harder and they started bouncing more, I ceased fondling them and just watched them as my hands slipped around to caress her ass. I wasn't pushing up into her, just leaving it to her to set the pace, which she was gradually increasing the longer she was riding me. I'd have been happy to have her ride my cock all night, especially since I knew I'd still get a full night of sleep, but she was quickly building up to another orgasm and her pussy felt so good that I felt my own beginning to stir, as well.

She was moaning softly but pretty much continuously as she got closer to cumming. I would occasionally mumble some sort of encouragement but mostly I was watching her bouncing tits while enjoying the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my cock and the feel of her sweet ass in my hands. When she finally started cumming, she dropped down onto my lap so that my cock was fully embedded in her hot pussy then started shaking. Since her tits were no longer bouncing, my gaze moved up to watch the expression of pleasure on her face though I was still caressing her ass. She humped my cock a few times as she was cumming but mostly just sat there trembling. When she finished cumming, she opened her eyes but just remained seated there as she was catching her breath.
