 Note: you will understand this story a lot better if you read Part One first.

***

Chapter Sixteen

As I continued to experiment with flashbacks and considered my own ability to transport myself pretty much anywhere, I started to wonder about transporting other people with me not just to times in the past. After careful consideration and a few different attempts, I determined that physical contact was required for me to transport someone else outside of their physical body with me as I did the same. Basically, that is what the flashbacks actually were; being in physical contact during sex and taking them with me to a destination I was envisioning. Of course, like visiting them in their homes, it worked best when I was familiar with a destination so recon was often a prerequisite to a successful transport and convincing dream. I realized that it also helped as part of the recon to figure out a place that would make sense for them to be dreaming about. It was more and more surprising to me the more that I thought about it that I had been able to convince anyone that they were dreaming about being in their own bedrooms.

Something that took a little practice, too, was transporting my subject into a "dream" at the right moment, just as timing had been so important with dream visits in their homes. I couldn't just show up any time, remain invisible to them, make contact and transport them. If they were sleeping, they'd still be sleeping in the new location, which did me no good at all. If they were still wide awake and I transported them, that would likely cause a major freak-out so I didn't even try it. I had to keep working that sweet spot between being awake and falling asleep, which I'd become pretty adept at identifying, anyway. It was much easier to convince them that it was a dream when we were someplace entirely different. Also, when we finished and I took them back, they often "awoke" back in their beds and could see that no time had passed, which convinced them even more.

Other benefits to this new methodology included being able to cum on them or inside them without worrying that it would seem odd to wake up from a dream bearing physical remnants of that dream. Likewise, we could get wet, so I could shower or bathe or swim with them as part of the dream. I also noticed that, in instances where I took them someplace they were familiar with, some details of the location would become clearer, apparently with the contribution of their own memories. This was most definitely evident when I got tired of waiting for Dave to go on another business trip so I could visit Patti again. I knew that they owned a cabin in the mountains so I visited it as part of my recon but there's no way I'd ever recall every detail the way that Patti could. I focused on the bedroom where I planned to fuck her but, once we were there together and I realized that things were becoming even more detailed, we spent a lot more time there engaging in a lot more variety of sexual acts.

Starting out in the bedroom was fine and it was awesome to be naked with her again but soaping up and fucking her big titties in the shower was even more awesome. Slipping into and fucking her soaped-up ass was unbelievable. I don't know if she and Dave ever fucked out on the deck, though I can't imagine that they didn't since there were no visible neighbors, but taking Patti from behind as she leaned on the railing while cupping her big boobs was absolutely a memorable experience. When I was thoroughly sexually satisfied, and it appeared that she was too, I concentrated on taking her back to her bedroom while remaining with her but invisible. I watched as she realized with a start that she was back in bed and Dave asked her what was going on.

"I must have dozed off," she said, "and I had the most intense and vivid dream."

"Yeah?" he asked, "What about?"

"I was up at the cabin," she replied, "I feel like I was really just there."

I went back and revisited some of my previous dreamers who I hadn't been able to get alone again as well as some new dreamers who I'd never been able to get alone and now didn't have to. I realized another thing along the way which was that the locations I brought my dreamers to didn't have to be real. As long as I could envision someplace, I could take someone there. Jodie is a fantastic example of this. I was worried that visiting her every time she was home alone would make her start to think a bit harder about the whole experience so she was one of my dreamers who I wanted to take someplace else at a totally different time. She's a big reader of a lot of fantasy genre books and has often watched movies based on the books she's enjoyed. Unfortunately, I wasn't familiar with a lot of what she was reading but, fortunately, I was definitely familiar with Harry Potter.

I wanted to get Jodie out of her bedroom, even though I'd had several great experiences with her there; I just thought we could have even more fun in another environment. As I considered soaping up her luscious tits the way I had Patti's and where a shower would be that had some significance to her, the prefects' bathroom presented itself to me in my time of need. If you understand this reference then it's probably obvious why it would be so awesome; if you don't, I will just sum it up as a fantastical giant bathtub. I spent a bit of time reviewing the movie footage so she would have no question as to where I brought her then I paid her a visit. This time, rather than being a daytime visit when the rest of her family was out of the house, it was a bedtime visit with the rest of her family nearby. I waited for the perfect moment then took her to the prefects' bathroom, where the tub was already full and nearly overtopping with suds.

I'd debated whether to just have us start out naked in the giant tub or have us fully dressed in appropriate school uniforms and robes and decided on the latter for two reasons: first, to give her the opportunity to take in the surroundings and, second, so that I could undress her. When she found herself standing in a location she'd only seen onscreen or in her mind, she started then looked around, taking it all in, noticed me in my school robe, looked down and found herself similarly clad then looked around a little bit more.

"We don't have prefect badges," she said, looking down at each of our robes, where they'd have been pinned.

"I know," I replied, "we're really not supposed to be here."

"But no one is going to interrupt us, are they?" she asked, "Not even Myrtle?"

"Let's just say that I've made arrangements for us to be alone," I replied, "so we can do whatever we want for as long as we want."

I'd barely finished saying that when she was in my arms and we were making out. She didn't know it but I was naked under my robe and my cock was stiffening quickly. After running my hands over her ass through her robe and skirt, I brought my hands up between us and fondled her tits before unfastening her robe. Once it was open, I pushed it off her shoulders and she let it slide down her arms to pool at her feet. I dropped down in front of her while having her sit on a bench that was conveniently directly behind her. I raised the hem of her skirt to reveal that she was without panties beneath it. She parted her legs and I lowered my head toward her pussy. I ran my tongue along her slit, causing her to moan while tasting the abundant juices that were flowing. I didn't think it was going to take much to get her to cum so I focused on providing a high level of pleasure rather than drawing it out.

After slurping at her slit, I slipped a couple of fingers into her as I licked and sucked her clit. She moaned even louder, holding my head and starting to hump her pussy toward my face. The longer I was eating her, the wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming. I knew it was going to feel fantastic to slip my cock into her so I suspected that soaping up her tits and fucking them would result in my second orgasm rather than my first. I also suspected that she'd have more orgasms than I did, which was just fine with me. She began to tense up as she was getting close to cumming while I continued exactly what I'd been doing. The tension left her body just before she let out a cry and started shaking. I didn't stop eating her pussy until she went still and let out a sigh, indicating that her long and apparently intensely pleasurable orgasm had run its course.

I raised my head and straightened up on my knees, immediately starting to lift the hem of her sweater. She raised her arms to allow me to remove it and, after setting it aside, I started to unbutton the blouse she wore beneath it. A very sexy bra was gradually revealed along with her cleavage. I was already thinking that I'd want to fuck her at some point while she was wearing that school uniform and I was sure that she'd be into it. Once it was unbuttoned, she slipped out of her blouse, leaving her in just the sexy bra and short skirt, which was an incredibly hot look. Had there not been a full, giant tub right behind me, I might have just fucked her dressed like that. I decided to plant a seed and see if waking Jodie recalled it and did something with it.

"You look so fucking hot right now," I said, "you naughty witch."

I didn't wait for her to respond before leaning in to kiss her as I unfastened her bra. I slid it down her arms as we were making out then fondled her tits, caressing the soft, smooth flesh as my palms brushed over her hard nipples. Finally, though, I stood and helped her to stand then reached behind her to unfasten her skirt, which dropped to her ankles. She took the opportunity to open my robe and didn't seem all that surprised that I was naked beneath it. She briefly stroked my rigid cock before we both headed for the tub. While it was much bigger than a typical tub, it was only slightly deeper. The water was the perfect temperature so I took a seat and she straddled me, guiding my cock to her pussy and lowering herself onto it. We both moaned as her hot pussy engulfed my throbbing cock.

She started to slowly ride me and we went back to making out as she did while my hands ran over her ass. I was leaning against the side of the tub with a towel behind my neck as she held onto the edge of the tub, presumably for leverage. As she was bouncing up and down, I brought my hands up between us to confirm that her tits were bouncing, too. Of course the water was limiting the amount of bouncing, which was fine because fondling them under the water was no less enjoyable. Having her pussy sliding up and down my cock under the water was no less enjoyable, either. The water was deep enough that, even when she started to pick up the pace, she was limited in just how hard and fast she could ride me. This, I believe, drew out the pleasure for both of us but also allowed us to continue making out almost right up until she started cumming.

I think she only pulled her mouth away from mine so she could let out a cry right before her body started shaking. She continued moving up and down on my cock as she was cumming and, with a flood of additional lubrication, I could feel my own orgasm stirring. When she finished cumming, she remained seated on my cock as she was catching her breath. Once she'd recovered, rather than going back to riding me, she stood then helped me to stand. We briefly made out standing there about knee-deep in the water while she stroked my still rigid tool. She then had me sit on the edge of the tub, on the towel that had been behind my neck, as she knelt in the water. She pumped my cock a few more times before engulfing it in her mouth as I moaned.

I leaned back, watching her inhaling my tool while enjoying the pleasure that her mouth was providing. I already knew that she was not only a talented cocksucker, but also that she enjoyed sucking cock, so I expected to thoroughly enjoy this blowjob before shooting my load down her throat. The way that my orgasm had quickly gone from stirring to steadily building suggested that it wouldn't be long before that occurred. She wasn't trying to make me cum quickly, though; she just couldn't help it because she was so good. Given that time was essentially irrelevant, I'm sure I could have enjoyed her cocksucking for longer but I was also not only expecting to fuck her some more, I still planned to soap up her big titties and fuck them.

As my cock grew even thicker when I was right on the verge of cumming, she never altered her technique and just continued to expertly suck me off. My moans were echoing in the large room but no one would ever hear them aside from the two of us. When I exploded into her mouth with a cry of pleasure, she didn't even flinch and just kept sucking me off as she swallowed my load. I spurted repeatedly into her mouth but she didn't quit until she knew that I was fully spent. When she let my softening cock fall from her mouth, she sat back on her heels in the water, revealing her succulent breasts to me. I slipped down into the water, my hands going right to them, and kissed her. Things didn't get passionate; we ended up just relaxing in the tub as we recovered. I sat and leaned against the side of the tub with the towel behind my neck again but, rather than riding me this time, she sat between my legs with her back against me, which allowed me to continue fondling her tits.

"This is so awesome," she said, "not just being here but what we're doing here."

"The subconscious is a powerful thing," I replied, "As much fun as it is when we're naked under your covers, there are a lot more places we can be having fun."

"I've been trying to focus on some of them," she said, "but I think my bed just ends up in the forefront of my mind."

"I suspect this dream will help change that," I told her, "and that we'll be having a lot of fun, new experiences in the future."

She turned her body so that we could make out some more as I continued to fondle her tits. When she reached down to stroke my cock, it didn't take much before it was growing stiff again.

"I don't have much experience fucking in a bathtub," she said after I was fully rigid, "What's going to be the best way to do this?"

It occurred to me then that, while this was a fun location, it wasn't necessarily ideal for having sex; I was going to have to keep that in mind for our next encounter. I didn't have a new place in mind to take us, though, so I figured we'd finish up there and had no doubt we could make the best of it. I still wanted to soap up and fuck her tits but I also wanted to enjoy her hot, wet pussy at least long enough for her to cum again. Since our inability to breathe underwater limited some of our options, I thought for a moment as I continued to fondle her tits and she stroked my cock. It crossed my mind that we might be able to breathe underwater, whether this was a dream or an alternate reality, but I figured this was probably not the time to try it and find out.

Instead, I had us both stand then positioned the folded towel on the edge of the tub so that she could rest her arms on it as she leaned forward, bending at the waist. Her tits were swinging and her ass was up in the air so if I hadn't already been rock hard, this would have gotten me there. Standing behind her, I guided my cock to her pussy and eased it in as we both moaned. I held her waist and embedded my cock until my hips touched her ass then I started to slowly fuck her. Once I had a steady rhythm going, I reached forward to cup her swinging tits while she reached back to stroke her clit. I don't know that the location had her any more fired up than she would have been in her bed, but her pussy felt amazing as I was sliding in and out of it. Of course, her tits felt pretty awesome in my hands, as well, and I knew they'd feel even better against my cock.

I was savoring yet another successful opportunity to fuck her and fondle her tits, not hoping for her to cum quickly so that I could fuck her tits but also not necessarily wanting to draw it out too long before she had another orgasm. I think her stroking her clit was bringing it on a little faster and it wasn't long before she was pushing back against my incoming thrusts. I ended up straightening up and holding her hips so that I could be sure to give her the full length of my cock. I left the pace to her since she was clearly on her way to another orgasm and just gave a good thrust each time her ass bumped my hips. We were going pretty good, with the smacking of her ass against my hips and our moans echoing through the large room. Her pussy was feeling hotter and wetter the longer we were fucking but I was confident that she'd be cumming before I did.

When she stopped pushing back against me and went momentarily rigid and quiet, I gave a couple more deep thrusts and she suddenly started shaking as she cried out. I continued to fuck her as she was cumming, hoping that it would provide more pleasure to her while I enjoyed the increased flow of lubrication within her pussy. Her orgasm was another long and intense one, which didn't surprise me because those seemed to be the norm, at least in her dreams. Once I was certain that she'd finished cumming, I slipped out of her and helped her straighten up. She was a little dazed but didn't seem to be in any danger of falling over so I stepped toward the side of the tub for some of the conveniently provided cleaning substances. I pumped a handful then shared some with Jodie before starting to lather it up between my hands. She didn't even have to ask what this was all about as I spread the lather on her sumptuous titties. She got my cock likewise lathered up then dropped to her knees.

She hefted her tits as I placed my cock between them then she squeezed them together. I moaned as I started to slowly fuck them, the soft, smooth, soapy flesh feeling outstanding against my rigid tool. I had to kind of squat down a little but any awkwardness with my position was overcome by the pleasure I was feeling sliding my cock between her big beauties. I'd always enjoyed fucking her titties when I visited her dreams but up to this point I'd never had an opportunity to lubricate them in any way. The pleasure was heightened exponentially with the addition of the soapy lather. I wanted to experience this for much longer than I knew I'd be able to so I knew I'd have to come up with another opportunity, like maybe taking her to Patti and Dave's cabin now that I was more familiar with the details of it. I could fuck her tits and fuck her ass the way I had with Patti. This, of course, all occurred to me later; I was focused strictly on the pleasure I was feeling and the visual as I looked down at Jodie's tits squeezed against my cock.

Despite occurring much sooner than I would have liked, the level of pleasure I experienced up to and through my orgasm was so intense that I couldn't bring myself to push it off, as I typically could in these dreams. It wasn't that I didn't have the power to in this situation, it was that I just didn't want to; that's how awesome it felt. When my cock finally erupted, I felt like a porn star because it shot straight at Jodie's face. Only the first spurt had enough momentum and volume to make it that far, but it basically hit her right in the mouth. She was caught by surprise but was immediately licking her lips while I continued to spurt on her chest. I didn't stop fucking her tits until I was fully spent and starting to soften, making it a bit difficult to continue. When I slipped my cock free, I dropped down into the water with her, sitting on my heels as she released her tits and sat on her heels.

"That was freaking awesome," I said.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," she said as she was still cleaning my cum off of her face and chest then licking it off of her fingers, "because you continue to make me feel pleasure like I rarely have in real life."
