 In his dream, she was nude. Long honey-gold hair cascaded down across her shoulders, partially hiding her breasts, and extending nearly to her waist. Her complexion was soft and warm. She had beautiful green eyes, well raised cheek bones, a short, pert nose, with full, naturally pink lips. Apart from the luxurious mane on her head, the rest of her body seemed denuded of hair. 

She would approach him in his dream, and cup his face in her hands and whisper something to him. Something he could never quite make out. Something that felt like anticipation. Then he would reach for her, to pull her close and kiss her. He wanted to taste this glorious being in front of him. But then, she would be at arm's length. So he would walk to her, but she would fade back. He would run to her and she would fade back even more. It was as if she was drawing him somewhere, either metaphysically or psychologically. She was pulling him down a path that led ... where? He did not know. 

All that he knew was that his energy was limitless, chasing this naked angel. Except that when he awoke, the feelings and the confidence faded, and he was left tired and drawn out, as if from a mild hang over. 

He broke from his reverie and paused briefly to glance over at his small ship floating serenely next to the asteroid he was working on. The onboard computer kept it at a perfect distance and rotation relative to the large rock's surface. Any kind of malfunction that endangered that orbit would have raised an alarm on Jake's suite, but he just couldn't help checking on the ship from time to time. His anxiety over it, the rock he was working on and what he hoped to dig out of it had been extremely high for weeks now.

Jake had found this rock only two months ago. At first, it had seemed as dead as the rest of the rocks in the Klide-Terrel belt, a string of asteroids seven hundred million kilometers in length that occupied part of the orbital path of the nearest planet, aptly named Temptation. It was a partial gas giant nearly 20 times larger in volume than ancient Earth that orbited a T class red-dwarf named Xyphes. While the planet itself was uninhabitable, several major industries had sprung up around it to mine the various resources contained within its atmosphere, including the largest of the stations, Gratifall, which processed starship fuel. Gratifall accounted for 85% of the population of the system, and had a population approaching 2 million humans and aliens. 

Temptation had been attracting folks from all parts of the galaxy for decades now, ever since the first find in the KT belt of a non-functional electro-mechanical artifact. No one was really sure what it did, or where it came from, only that it was radio isotope dated at more than sixty five million years old. In the vacuum and cold of space, it was perfectly preserved, trapped under a thin layer of rock inside one of the KT asteroids. Ever since then, archeologists and treasure hunters had been flocking to this belt to lay down their claim to fame and fortune. 

Jake considered himself a man of both measures, however; an archeologist having graduated in the top of his class at University and obtained his masters in Xeno-history and a PH.d in Interstellar Archeology before he was 23, and a man who understood that the real work in his field was only accomplished with money. The work demanded lots and lots of money. That was what drove him to the KT belt 2 years ago. Now, at 26, he was nearing the end of his rope. 

Jake studied the rock face in front of him carefully, as he cut through the material with the micro-torch. Small pieces; just like his professor had taught him. Do not try to cut the entire sample out in one swipe. Turning off the torch, he cleared away the loose material with a thick, soft brush. Then he used a precious jet of air, to blow it off, and into space. It was slow, tedious work made all the more stressful by the fact that he was running low on air. By last calculation, he had a mere five days worth left at his current use rate, and then he would have to return to the station and resupply. 

It also did not help that he was not sleeping as he should. He had been taking long sleep cycles as he had been taught. A well rested body used less oxygen than a tired and stressed body. However, his sleep lately was being interrupted by a repetitious, yet very vivid, dream. He'd never seen her before, he was sure, and yet he was just as sure that he should know her name. He was also just as sure that he was going to fuck her one day. 

He looked critically at the surface he was working on. He had carved a two meter wide hole nearly 80 centimeters deep. His instruments were telling him that he was close to his target, so he had slowed his work pace and started using the micro torch. In another few centimeters, he should be able to uncover the ... whatever the hell it was. That was the biggest problem, and source of his anxiety. His instruments could not return a relative shape or composition of the object, only its approximate size and location. It had been a similar situation with the slag find earlier, only this object, at nearly 1.5 meters in diameter, was much bigger. 

That was when he heard the crack. Dozens of sensors attached to the rock around his dig site transmitted readings back to his suit computers. Temperature, vibration, heat, variations in movement, etc. He had set them up, as prescribed, before he started his work, all around the dig site, and then in intervals of twenty meters until he had three rings. All the information they fed back to his suit was also fed to the micro torch, instructing it on how to angle the plasma, what intensity, what duration and so on. 

And now a big cracking sound. And something else. The sensor rings had started to detect trace amounts of energy, and it was coming from his object. 

Jake shut down the torch immediately and maneuvered his suit a few meters from the rock surface. Around his dig site, he could see the first and second sensor rings, surrounding the darkened black hole that he had dug in the middle. And now, according to the sensors, the cracking sound was coming from the bottom of that hole. A series of quick, popping snaps like the kind you would get from dropping an ice cube into hot water. 

Jake started to panic. Two months worth of work, and he had been so careful! It couldn't go wrong now! He was so close to ...whatever it was down there! If this failed, he was finished here. Wiped out! He let out a groan and grasped the side of his helmet.

"No ..no ...no.. don't do it!" he whispered to himself. "Don't you fucking do it! You bastard rock! Let me have my ....thing! Damn you!" His voice slowly rose until he realized he was yelling at himself. 

Then it stopped. The cracking sound had stopped. Jake listened carefully to the sensors, scrolling madly through the data feeds for any sign that something had gone wrong, but he couldn't find anything. Then he realized he wasn't breathing and let out a gasp. 

Maneuvering his suit carefully, he approached the rock surface again. What he saw made his heart flutter in between excitement and despair. There were small chunks of rock dislodged in the bottom of his hole. Either the dig was destroyed, or the asteroid had just saved him a few weeks of digging. 

Jake reached into the hole and started to pick up the pieces of rock that had broken away, small chunks about the size of his hand came loose. He kept pulling the rocks away from the top of the hole, carefully scanning each one for any piece of an artifact and then tossing it carefully out into space. Two hours later and he had cleared away the last of the big pieces, so he started to use some of his precious air to blow away the dust. The first puff of air made him catch his breath, as a dull metallic surface was revealed. Several puffs more and the surface was more prominent. In fact, there were several surfaces. 

The reality of what was being uncovered hit Jake like a freight loader. He opened a large bag from his collection kit and started pulling out the objects and carefully placing them inside. Several metallic canisters, each about the size of his forearm in both width and length were nestled inside a large cavity, a pocket of some sort formed inside the asteroid. That mystery, however, would have to wait for another time. As soon as the last canister was in the bag, Jake closed and sealed it. He then spent the next several hours conducting a survey of the hole and the exposed space, collecting micro particle samples and cataloguing the hole. Once finished, he sealed the hole with a bio locked cover that would protect the site and identify him as its owner, and started maneuvering back to his ship.

It wasn't until he was onboard and out of his suit that he started breathing normally again. He then broke the seal on the bag and pulled out one of the canisters. That was when he noticed the small light on it. Once again, breathing became a challenge as he realized that somehow, the device had power. After 65 million years?! How that was possible was beyond him at the moment. He removed the canisters from the collection bag and placed them inside a storage crate. Each crate contained a computer module that scanned the canisters and then molded a foam injection to fit the shape. Jake liked these boxes, because they could form around any shaped object in less than a second and protect it perfectly. 

With all of the canisters safely stowed, he nearly leapt into the pilot seat and set a course for Gatifall. Thrusters maneuvered him away from the rock a safe distance before the main drives kicked in. As much as he wanted to blast away at full speed, Jake had no idea how delicate the canisters were, so he set the inertial dampers in the cargo cube to full and kept he acceleration down to three gee's. In 14 hours, he would be back at Gratifall.

Three days later, Jake woke up, feeling more rested than he had in months. Part of that had to do with sleeping in a real bed. Ship board cots, especially in his tiny ship, were not exactly a paragon of comfort. Part of it had to do with the recurring dream ...well, not recurring. The other part had to do with the big titted blonde woman in the bed next to him. Her name was Heather, and she had been amazingly adept at her work. 

Jake had arrived at Gratifall right on schedule. The first thing he had done was to access the station computer and arrange for a quick loan. The money had been used to pay for docking fees and security in one of the stations max secure docks. His tiny ship was pulled into the dock and sealed into its own bay. The dock master had looked at him quizzically for wanting to secure such a meager possession, but had asked no questions. Armed security guards had met him at the hatch and escorted him to a high security vault of the government controlled bank with his cargo. He'd then contacted the auction house of T.S. Trembal. Shortly after the first artifact find, the prestigious auctioneering firm had setup shop on the station, offering their services in security and merchandising to all of the lucky prospectors. Items were taken in and sold at the highest offer. Nearly all of the prospectors that had finds used Trembal, as it was a guarantee of a secure sale. Their fee was high, it was true, but better than ending up floating listlessly into the nearby gas giant of Temptation.

Shortly after his arrival, Jalene had showed up at the apartment he'd rented. At 1.75 meters tall, she was herself a masterwork in beauty. Straight blond hair fell to just past her shoulders, framing a slightly round face and dark blue eyes. She was wearing a smart looking business dress suit that did little to hide here other attributes. Her big tits pushed out the top noticeably, and the white shirt under the suit jacket opened down far enough to reveal generous amounts of cleavage. The pants, in keeping with the rest, clung to her long legs and accentuated her full, heart shaped rear. The whole affair had Jakes mouth watering within seconds. It had been some time since he'd been with a woman, quite before he started his PhD work in fact.

"Hello, Mr Cooper. My name is Jalene Sothby" she introduced herself, approaching to shake his hand and give him a very well practiced, but nonetheless winning smile. "I'll be your auction rep during your stay with Trembal. If there is anything I can get you don't hesitate to ask."

Jake shook her hand mindlessly, barely even registering her words as he was caught up in staring at her, both her face and admittedly her tits. He could feel himself starting to stir from the vision she was presented and tried desperately to maintain eye contact.

"Umm .. thanks Miss Sothby" he replied. "Errr .. you can just call me Jake though .. ummm... you know, I'm not really a formal sort of person". 

She smiled again at him, while presenting a slight head tilt, as if to say Oh, how cute he is. "Very well, Jake. You can call me Jalene. I'd like to take a few minutes, if I may, to go over the process here at Trembal and then I'll leave you to entertain yourself, if that's OK?"

"Uhh .sure. That's great. Let's get started."

"Ok then, would you like to sit?" she said, gesturing toward a pair of overstuffed chairs bracketing a faux marble table. Or at least he assumed it was faux marble. Getting real marble up to a space station as isolated as this one would prove incredibly expensive.

Jalene took her chair, crossing her long beautiful legs and smoothing her skirt. She placed her binder on the table in front of her, and turned it on. As the screen folded up and widened, several images and figures scrolled up onto the display. Jake immediately recognized his canisters.

"These are the eight objects you brought in" she said as she gestured toward the screen. "They've been individually boxed and serialized for reference. All of this information has been transmitted to the data pad you registered when you came to us". 

Jake mentally slapped himself. He'd forgotten about that. He quickly pulled out the data pad and scrolled through the information. "Yes, it's here."

"Good. The pre-auction information has already been transmitted to a select list of buyers. The auction will occur two days from now. If we don't get enough participants from the list, we'll delay another two days and send out invitations from the next list. Are there any questions?"

"Lots" was jakes immediate reply. Then he blushed slightly, and continued. "What I mean is, yes. First .. select list?"

"Oh. I thought you understood Jake. The objects you brought in have already been appraised by our staff. The information is on your data pad." Jalene continued. "Of the eight canisters you found, 3 have active power cells. The other five are thought to able to accept power. If the type used in the other three can be replicated."

She paused slightly to get his attention. "Jake, the three powered canisters, are appraised at fifteen million apiece. The other five, are appraised at 8.5 million. That's 87.5 million." 

Suddenly, breathing became a herculean event. Try as he might, Jake could not open his lungs, or get air through his nose. Jalene became suddenly worried and leaned over to grab his shoulder. "Jake?! Are you OK?! Jake!!" She rose and grabbed both of his shoulders and jerked him around to stare straight at her. Her hand came up in a sharp slap that left a red imprint on his face and stung like hell, but it did the trick. 

He found a little air, at first, and then more as time passed. Slowly, his breathing returned and he looked at Jalene with wide, disbelieving eyes. 

"Did ..you say ... eigh..eighty " he gulped. "Eighty seven million dollars?!"

"Eighty seven point five, actually" Jalene said as she reclaimed her chair, crossed her legs again and smoothed her skirt back down. "And Jake ... it could go higher."

Jake stared at the marble top of the table, incredulity clouding his every thought. He'd known the objects were valuable. He'd know that what he found was going to be one of the most stunning archeological discoveries of the KT belt. However, eighty million dollars was beyond his comprehension. It was bigger than any lottery he'd ever heard of. 

Seeing that Jake wasn't going to respond any time soon, Jalene continued on. "Jake, due to the magnitude of the discovery, we've taken the liberty of moving your things into one of our deluxe suites in the Trembal tower. We've set you up with a credit line pending the auction of one million to see to basic needs you have. The information and credit codes are on your data pad. You'll have a security escort as well, to ensure that you survive the auction."

"A security escort?" he asked, suddenly finding he could speak again. 

"Yes Jake, and this is not done lightly. I'm not trying to frighten you or anything, but it's not unheard of for someone to have an "accident" before their auction was completed."

"Oh great" he said, "that should help me sleep better. When do I meet this escort?" 

"She's right behind you."

Jake nearly jumped out of his seat in his scramble to turn around. There, not three meters away, was Jalene ... again. 

"Don't be too surprised. She's my twin. Her name is Heather"

"SHE is MY bodyguard?" he asked, slightly incredulous. Even at 175 centimeters, she still fell well shy of his 195, and was quite a bit more petite than his 85 kilos. She stood silently, smiling at him, at parade rest. Her clothes were not particularly unique, either. No uniform or black tights and boots, just a simple blouse and skirt ensemble with low heeled shoes. In fact, it was quite an unassuming outfit. 

"Don't let her size or beauty fool you Jake. She's well trained in several martial arts and even has a couple of small customized implants. And not her tits, those are real." 

The last comment startled Jake a bit. It was the first thing Jalene had said that was not business acumen. This also meant that Jalene's tits were real. After everything else, that made Jake smile a little bit.

"Ok" said Jake. "If she's my bodyguard, then she's my bodyguard. Tell whoever is responsible that I really appreciate all of the attention and courtesies. It's all very unexpected."

"Don't think twice about, Jake. Remember, we still get 15%." Jake simply shrugged. Fifteen percent to Trembal, another eight percent to the local government, another twelve percent to the Commonwealth, and he was still left with sixty-five percent of ....eighty ... million! Suddenly, he felt like dancing. 

After that meeting, Heather had taken him shopping. She really was quite a conversationalist and walked beside him, arm in arm, the whole way. She claimed it was to give the "couple" appearance so they wouldn't stand out, but Jake didn't really care. Her skin was soft and she smelled nice and he was having quite the time and spending freely. He bought all new clothes, including several new high end suits, something he'd never owned before. He even bought Heather a new evening dress, to go with his suit, he told her when she started to object. 

"We're going to get dressed up, and go out to an incredibly expensive dinner tonite!" he said to her as they sat at a café on the main promenade of the stations garden park and admired the view of Temptation through the overhead dome. 

"It's your money" she replied, "and my job is to make sure you safe and happy."

The last part confused Jake a bit. "Happy?" he asked. 

"Oh yes", she said. "I'm not just a bodyguard. I'm here for whatever you want as well, be it conversation or ... well, whatever" she stated demurely. 

"Oh." Jake said intelligently. "Is that umm .. standard procedure?" 

"Jake," she started to explain patiently "Trembal has quite the motivation to make sure you are well taken care of in all aspects of your personal happiness and well being. And that's my job to make sure it happens. So whatever you want or need, I will make sure you have it. Understood?"
