 The smell of flowers and a tickle on my cheek roused me from my sleep a second time. I opened my eyes and I was taken aback by what I saw. I was no longer in my room, or even near my home from what I could tell.

The salty smell of the ocean could be made out on the wind amongst the sweet smell of spring blossoms. All around me the pale petals fell on the breeze shaken from their branches by what smelled like a coming storm.

Off in the distance I then heard the distinct sound of thunder rolling through the atmosphere. The air around me was warm, and caressed my skin like satin. I was laying outside, in a meadow on a bed of satin pillows and silk sheets surrounded by blossoming trees and bright fireflies. The tiny insects blipped in out of sight all around me in the darkness. Looking up I could see the most beautiful sight of all, the clear night sky.

I got up on my knees and tilted my head as far as it would go, looking into the inky night sky. It was wondrous to see such a clear sky.

I then remembered the sound of the thunder off in the distance, how could the night sky be so clear with a storm so close? The most awe inspiring was the moon right above me. Full, and in its glory shining brightly against the black void of space. My jaw dropped open as I stared at the vast number of bright dots that speckled the horizon, I was stunned into silence. 

It must be a dream, I thought. The most beautifully vivid dream I had ever had.

Another breeze brushed my shoulders and I shivered a little, looking around to see if there was something I could put around my bare shoulders. Bare shoulders? 

I looked down at myself, and I covered delicately in a silver white dressing gown. The fabric was soft and as thin as spun silk. The delicate fabric was dyed in the palest shade of silver. It seemed to almost glow in the moonlight. It lay in long layers, each ending at different lengths; blowing softly in the breeze. The breeze caught the edges of some of them making it look like the fabric danced on the current. My nipples could be made out still even under the three or four layers of fabric. Each of them tightened and hardened in the cool breeze. As I looked at my surroundings, I saw how magical it all looked around me. The moss that covered the tree trunks was a more vibrant green that I had ever seen. Surrounding the island of pillows in the meadow; were blossoming night flowers that seemed to shimmer in the right light. Trees had leaves in shades of dark teal and emerald with pale cream and pink colored blossoms. I was taken aback by my own imagination as made out more of my surroundings. I was stretched out on an island of soft feather pillows covered in satin. Bright jeweled tones covered the supple pillows as they cradled my frame. There was a small pond off to the left of the clearing, where I could hear the night calls of the toads and the crickets echoing in the darkness. Taking care not to rip the gossamer light fabric, I stood up and stepped forth in my bare feet out onto the dark grass around me. I could feel the cool dampness of night dew on the blades of grass, but it did not make them cold. Instead it felt nice and cool against my skin, and in between my toes.

I had to lift the hem of the gown and all its airy layers as I made my way next to the spring of water. As I stood next to the water's edge I knelt down, looking into the clear pool; my hair fell around my face and in my eyes. Letting out an audible sigh, I flipped my head one side, tossing my long hair back over my shoulder and out of my eyes. 

"I love when you do that, did you know that?" 

A voice rang out of the night. I knew the voice, the deep rich tone, husky and sensual. I knew it as soon as I heard it. 

"Nicolas!" I called out into the darkness, 

"Nick, where are you?" 

I turned around scanning the tree line off in the distance. My chest began to rise and fall at a heightened state of awareness. I could hear the blood rush in my ears again. I was afraid for a moment that I might pass out, as I felt the hard thump of my heart in my chest. I took a deep breath in through my nose and out through my mouth, concentrating on slowing my pulse. I swallowed hard, gaining control of myself. I couldn't see far off into the dark, but I could almost, feel him near me. I spun all the way around, trying hard to make out his familiar silhouette against the backdrop of the tree line but even after spinning around twice, I still couldn't see him anywhere. 

What I could do, was smell him. I could smell the musky scent of his spicy cologne on the air, as well as the same smells from the kitchen; the cut grass, the rain and the heavy scent of a man after a hard day's work. My mouth watered as I closed my eyes taking a deep breath in. 

"Nicolas, please come out here. Where are you?" 

I listened carefully, trying to hear above the sounds of the night, to hear for foots steps or rustling to give away any hint of which direction he was in, but all I heard was his soft laugh echo around me as if it came from every direction. I was beginning to not enjoy this little game of his. Then, like a phantom in the night I heard his deep voice echo out into the darkness. 

"I would watch you do your homework for hours just to see that one move you just made." 

His voice was deep and rich, thick with seduction. 

I felt a pull deep within myself reaching out for him. I followed that compass within me and spun around one last time and stopped facing away from the pond staring off into the opposite corner of the clearing. The need I felt for him intensified as I looked off into the darkness in that direction. 

Nick strode lazily across the meadow toward me and my breathing became labored once again. I watched his long strides carry him across the expanse in little time, the closer he got the more I could see of him, and oh my, was there a lot to see. Jutting out before him in striking fashion; was his stiff erection fiercely pointed at me. The closer he came to me, the harder I bit my lower lip as I stared at his swollen cock before me. It looked in dire need of being dealt with, and the more I saw of it; the more I wanted to the one to deal with it. I couldn't believe my brazen staring at the most private of parts on one of my oldest of friends but, it begged to be stared at. In fact, it begged for a lot of things. My cheeks went flush allowing me to regain myself enough to look away and try to act like I hadn't just about drooled all over myself at the sight of him.

"Do you like what you see Serenity?" He asked me as came to a stop so close to me I thought I could feel the heat from his skin. He stood tall, still stroking his imposing penis. I began to turn away from him, but he grabbed my arm and turned me with a jolt making me spin around and meet his gaze. Those eyes, those soft glowing eyes; looked deep inside me and caressed my mind. I was mesmerized by them, even as I tried to look away. I was speechless as he held my focus on his face until I watched him blink a couple times and the brightness dimmed in his irises and go back to his anything but common, green eyes. He was not the same boy I grew up with even though he had his eyes. This man before me was a master of his own masculinity. He towered over my small frame as always standing 6'4, but now, I was getting a full view of the rugged man that hid beneath his work clothes. He had always been handsome, but as I watched him standing before me, in all his virility, I was awestruck. 

His handsome face was just the beginning of this blue collar Irish Adonis. His shaggy reddish brown hair fell just past his collar and cast my eyes across his strong shoulders. I watched as his chest flexed and relaxed in time with my heart beat, and my eyes walked down his well-defined torso and taut muscles of his stomach, flexing and relaxing with the same rhythmic ebb and flow. Then, there was the reason for his rhythmic flexing.

He was stroking his well-built cock in my direction still, and I was in awe of the spectacle before me. It was hot and exciting. It made my blood rise and my face flush and I couldn't bring myself to look away as he stroked his erection with long, smooth strokes. When I could I looked back up into his eyes and they held nothing but raw hunger and need. My nipples raised into tight peaks under the soft fabric of the dressing gown I wore. I thought back to the dreams I had while in high school in my senior year and for a little while after I left for University. Hot, steamy dreams of Nick coming to me at night and having his way with me. At first I didn't know what to do about them, but then I didn't think much of them after a while. They were dreams after all, and I only ever remembered bits and pieces of them.

And they were never this real, this life like. I assumed it was just something I needed to deal with; like being home sick. I had never denied that Nick was attractive, just that he was arrogant and moody most of the time and that we had been like family to one another for a long time. That alone had kept Nick off my radar for many years. Besides a healthy relationship with B.O.B., I had given up on sex with anyone but myself after a long string of bad decisions and regrettable one night stands. 

Nicolas stood before me in all his masculinity. I could not look at him now and see the boy I once knew.

The eyes might be the same, but he was anything but a boy anymore. And he stood before me in complete command. I was breathless watching him. It was exciting and exquisite. He looked shameless in his movements. Showing a master of control; never changing the speed or ferocity of his stroke. He looked primal. Lustful.

I felt myself melt and the warmth between my thighs grow. I enjoyed watching to begin with, but Nick made it look like a performance, and I was his captive audience. 

"Nick." I breathed. 

I thought back to those dream's I had once had, and thought about the lonely nights I had spent alone, waking up to flush cheeks and rapid heartbeat. I looked over his gorgeous naked body again, and I turned a innocent little look up into those brilliant green eyes.

If this was a dream I was going to enjoy it. 

The one side of his mouth curled into a devious grin as he looked down to my chest and saw the two obvious peaks that were now apparent through the thin material. 

"Looks like you DO like what you see, hmmm?" 

Cupping my breasts with both his hands, he rubbed the flat of his thumbs over my taught nipples as I held my breath and bit my lip. Grasping the little peaks with his forefinger and thumb he rolled my nipples between them, pinching and pulling in slow agonizing circles. 

"Please," 

I breathed, as I closed my eyes with a deep sigh. With every stroke he made, I felt it pulse deep within my gut. It had been so long since I had been touched this way, in any way really. I was near panting when I squeezed my legs and repositioned myself. I caught a sly grin slide across his face when I opened my eyes at the sound of a small chuckle, showing his amusement for my frustration. Tilting my head back I let out a sigh and closed my eyes again. My body ached to be touched by those fingers, all over. 

But for now, I wanted to watch some more. 

I licked my dry lips in anticipation of watching him touch his stiff cock again, and a moan drifted from my lips. 

"Please what?" 

He purred and flattened his hand to cup my soft breast with his hand. I shifted again, hoping for some relief, but was only met with more frustration. It felt like he stroked the most intimate parts of my body just with that simple touch of his hand. I brought my face back to meet his, and with open mouth I panted, 

"I want to watch."

I felt his hand flex as I said it, his eyes flew wide with excitement. Letting go of my breasts he grabbed both my arms with his strong hands, he captured my mouth. Plunging his tongue along mine in my mouth, I whimpered as I threw my arms around his bent neck. His kiss made me weak in the knees, making it impossible to stand on my own any longer. I crashed into his naked body as the heat of it radiated across flesh causing shivers to rack my body. When he broke our kiss we locked eyes again. Nick's eyes were darker now, almost animistic in their need.

It caught my breath to see him this way, so stripped and bare. I felt his hands run up and over my bare shoulders and rested his hands flat against my skin just on either side of my neck. Controlling my head with his strong hands he tilted my head backward, running his tongue along the throbbing vein in my neck, growling deep inside his throat. I felt the vibration of his growl all over my body, renewing my nipples to hard peaks and raising the fine hairs all over my body. His pressure was firm but not rough. I let out a cry as he took the delicate straps of the airy garment with his fingers and sliding them off my shoulders and letting it fall where it clung to my curvaceous hips. My eyes were shut tight again as I felt his teeth trace my outstretched neck as he pushed the garment over curve of my buttocks, allowing it to pool in a puddle of silver at my feet.

This time it was Nick that let out an impassioned gasp as I stood before him as naked and as bare as he was. I looked down to see the renewal of his firm hard-on, and a small twitch as he stared at me, his own chest rising and falling with some difficulty. 

"You look so," he stopped and my heart clenched tight. "fucking beautiful." 

he finished in a breathless voice. I exhaled a breath I hadn't know I was holding and relaxed a little. I felt the flush grow all over my body as he stood there, watching me. He ran his hands over the soft flesh of my tender breasts, then drew his finger nails with the faintest touch over my soft belly and around to my soft hips. I watched the flex in his muscles as his chest flexed and relaxed as he explored my body with his hands. His fingers were calloused and rough, but felt amazing crawling over my tender skin. Slight rough patches on his hands from the hard work he did around the farm, tickled and prickled the sensitive skin over and around my breasts. I just stood there, still of all motion letting every touch and every graze be felt deep inside. 

"Look at me." 

He ordered. I looked up into his bright green eyes as I felt his hands firmly take grip of my waist and pull me closer to him. My eyes fluttered with the moan that came out of me when I felt the weight of his erection pressed firmly against my belly. I wanted to feel it, with my hands, with my lips and pushing deep between my legs. Pressing hard inside me, not pressed against me. His strong rough hands circled my waist and took a firm hold of my ass and pressed his fingers hard into my soft flesh. The groan that came from his mouth when it came crashing down onto mine again was all I could take. I threw my arms around him once again, but this time pulled at him bringing him down closer to me. I wanted to; and was trying to, climb, and mount him. 

He had barely touched me and yet, I had felt more desire for him than I had with any other man that had seen me this naked in the last seven years. I wanted him to touch me, caress me inside and out. 

I hungered to watch him pleasure himself again. 

He said nothing as he traced his fingers of my spine and looked deep into my eyes. I felt him tangle his fingers tight in my hair. 

"Ahhh." 

I groaned deeply as I felt him tug ever so slightly on the back of my head as he leaned into to kiss me. He pulled a little bit harder this time. In return he received a much deeper moan from me and a whimper as I submitted to his efforts. 

I needed to dream like this more often! 

"Do you like that Serenity?" 

he asked me with liquid sin on his tongue.

"Do you like when I pull your hair?" 

the devious grin was back when I opened my eyes. 

"Yes." I panted. "Ah huh." 

Oh god yes!

"Mmmmm, I love to hear the sounds you make when I do." 

He said as he pulled with just a little more force than he had the times before. Ahhh!

It hurt, but it was a good hurt. I cried out and my hands flew up and clawed at his arms. The feeling caused my eyes to roll back and my knees to get weak. I loved the sensation it caused. It was a raw powerful need to be his, to submit to him. I felt the erection pressed against me twitch again with the sound I produced. 

"I want to touch you." 

My voice sounded like I was begging. To be honest, I wasn't sure I wasn't. I wanted to trace his skin as he had mine. Starting with running my hands over his powerful body. I wanted to watch his face change with each thrust of his cock in my hands. I leaned forward and while staring deep into his eyes I stuck my tongue out and licked his flat nipple. With my last flick I blew a soft breath over the wet skin and watched it come to a peak.

I smiled up at him into his face as it hovered above mine. His lips swollen from our kisses; and his face as flushed as mine was. 

"I have something else I want you to do with that mouth." 

He said in rough husky voice. I felt the air catch in my lungs at how it sounded when he spoke. I nodded my response unable to vocalize it. 

"Come with me." 

He took my hand and led the way back over to the island of pillows, and helped me down until I was kneeling before him.

My mouth watered as I licked my parted lips, staring straight into the sheer size of cock before me.

I pulled my bottom lip in and bit down as I eyed him up and down. Nick touched the side of my face, using his thumb to pull my lip out and opening my mouth with a gentle coaxing, running his thumb over my bottom lip. I knew what he wanted and my heart skipped a beat at the thought of giving it to him.

Tilting my head up to look him in the face, I looked up at him with my eyes wide open with anticipation of putting the length of him in my mouth. 

"Watch." 

I swallowed hard when he took my face in his hand and tilted it back down, bringing me only a few inches from his cock with my warm and wanting mouth. He'd turned my face back down to watch him as he took his rigid cock into his hand and begin to stroke it slow and full of intent. I licked my lips and my mouth watered as I watched him handle the width and length with practiced ease. I began to wonder if I could take him at all, but I knew I wanted to try. 

The head was a dark red and as he stroked I saw the deep veins along the sides of the magnificent specimen.

His one hand was tangled in my hair controlling my head, gently pulling, and the other worked long strokes along the shaft, teasing me with every move of either hand. 

"Ah!" 

I cried out with a firm pull of his hand. 

"Good girl," he purred "I want to hear you. Do you like how that looks?" 

I pulled down on my head in vain to nod. 

"No, I want to hear you say it." 

His voice was firm, but breathy. 

"Yes. Yes, I love how it looks." 

My eyes fluttered when he pulled again. I was lost in the sensations I felt with the little pain he gave. 

"Put your hands on me." 

It wasn't an order, but it wasn't a request either. I reached up with my hands and lay them flat on his straining thighs. I could feel the beads of perspiration beginning to form on his taut legs as they held him still. He closed his eyes for a moment and exhaled deeply. When he looked down into my face again I could see the force of will he was exhorting to keep control. 

"Open your mouth. Wide. And stick out your tongue, love."

His voice was as controlled as the rest of him. With everything that he said I was compelled to obey. It never crossed my mind not to. 

I wanted to give him control. 

It felt like I almost needed, to give him that control. I did as I was told and opened my mouth wide and stuck my tongue out flat as far as it would go. He cursed something gutterally as he tilted my head back with a tug of my hair. 
