 Her desire for him hung thickly in the air and his steps were hurried as he crossed the oak floor. He sank down on the bed and reached down to pull off his boots. His prized black leather duster was tossed over a chair and then he turned toward her.

She was blonde, beautiful and built--three things he enjoyed in his meals. He held his hand out to her and drew her up so that he could feast his eyes on the sleekness of her curves. She wore pink, a short, flirty chemise in satin that clung to her like a lover's hand.

"Who are you?" She gasped as he pulled her against him.

"Chal." His answer was short but he wasn't concerned. She wouldn't remember this as much more than an erotic dream. Tomorrow she would be sore and exhausted but unhurt and in much better shape than what others of his kind would have left her.

"I want you, Chal."

"Yes, and I want you." He searched her mind and easily pulled her name. "Bethany, a beautiful name for such a beautiful woman."

"Thank you. Kiss me." The words were a demand and one he was eager to comply with. The more pleasure she felt, the quicker he would be recharged. She was warm against him and he drew his hands up her back and then down. He gathered her hair off her neck and then stroked one slowly down from her nape. Her skin was satin to touch. Her flesh was just as soft and as silky. Her ass filled his hands and he lifted her from the bed and held her off the ground easily. His mouth moved over hers and he moaned with his own pleasure as a wave of erotic energy was pulled from her and slid over him. It was a prickly heated wave and it caused his cock to throb against the raw silk of his pants.

He lifted his head and gave Bethany a chance to catch her breath even as his lips slid down her neck and touched gently against her shoulder. He caught the strap of her chemise on his fangs and used them to slide the pink satin off and down her arm. He repeated the procedure with the other strap and left her naked from the waist up.

Her breasts were generous handfuls, her nipples almost the exact same pink as her chemise. Her skin was tan, no lines to mar her beauty. He turned toward her bed and lowered her eagerly to her back on the bed. His mouth moved over her skin like a heated brand, his fangs slid over her flesh and gently scraped against her flesh. 

"You feel so good, Chal. Don't stop." She panted uncontrollably. "Don't ever stop." His incubus half agreed with her. It wanted to soak up every ounce of energy she possessed and leave her a dried up husk to blow away in a stiff breeze. His vampire side begged for the taste of her blood. He could smell it, the rich endorphin filled blood that rushed through her veins. She would be sweet and fill every need inside of him if he allowed it. 

He wouldn't allow it. It didn't matter that he had a vampire father and a succubus mother. It didn't matter that the beast inside of him howled its lust for her death. He wouldn't become the monster or allow it to take control of him. That wasn't an option. He'd seen the slathering beasts that lived inside his half-brothers and what happened when they loosed that part of themselves. It had scared him. It had scared him badly enough so that even in the midst of the incubus lust, he never allowed it to control him.

Her breasts were soft, her skin fragrant and warm. He brushed his cheek over them and felt another rush of desire flood through her and into him. It was so good, so sweet. The beast inside tugged at his self-imposed chains. It snarled its needs.

Chal rolled the hardness of her nipple on his tongue and suckled on it gently. Bliss's hands dug into his hair and kneaded at his scalp even as she arched her back with pleasure. She tugged at his hair. "Kiss me, please."

The begging tone of her voice sent another swift burst of energy through him. It gathered in the pit of his stomach and built and coiled inside of him. He kissed her as she'd asked and sucked her tongue into his mouth then sent a shaft of pleasure through it to explode inside of her. It returned two fold to him and he groaned as ecstasy burst like an exploding sun inside of him. It warmed him, sent the blood in his system rushing through him. It caused his cock to harden even more and he found it almost impossible to resist.

He drew her hands to his shirt buttons. He wanted to feel her skin on his. But instead of unbuttoning them, she gathered handfuls of smooth black silk and ripped it apart. His laugh was harsh and he groaned as she caressed his wide chest and tortured his nipples. She moved over his skin and down to his muscular stomach like a living flame.

"You're beautiful." Her comment was gasped and she arched her back, pressing her breasts against him. "Please..."

"I love it when they beg." With one hand, he ripped her chemise from her body then he rolled to his back, he put her hands on the fastening of his pants and moaned in pained pleasure as she plucked at them. His impatience to have her made him push her hands aside and take them off himself. His black briefs went the same way as the rest of his clothing. He pulled her over him and guided her hips, his cock easily breached her wet pussy. Another shaft of that golden pleasure rolled from her to him and then back again.

"H-how are you doing this?" She gasped the words and her hands fell to his chest to keep her upright. "It's amazing."

"Don't analyze, just feel." His hands were rough on her hips. He pulled her down hard. He desperately wanted to fill her completely. He bruised her soft skin and she moaned in pain. He gentled his touch and sent another wave of bliss through her. She grew weaker and he pushed her to the bed on her stomach. He lifted her hips, pushing a pillow under them before filling her once more. 

"Chal..." She pleaded and turned her head to the side to look up at him. He could see the fluttering pulse at her neck and it called to his other half. She would be so sweet, her blood filled with endorphins. A feral growl left him and his mouth fastened on her throat, suckling, his tongue flicking against that pulse.

"Do it. Do it, please."

He closed his eyes and scraped his teeth against her skin. Then his fangs pierced her soft flesh, her sweetness filling his mouth and he gulped noisily, his tongue searched for any trickle of blood he might miss. His hips moved against her and battered her. He sent a constant stream of golden pleasure through her and gave three times more than what he was taking. It was so hard, knowing that the ultimate bliss was so close and unable to allow himself to have it. He took one more mouthful of her blood before he forced himself to lick the wounds closed.

She cried out as she came, her pussy fluttered madly around his cock. If he allowed himself to come, to feel the ultimate pleasure an incubus could give, she would be that dried husk beneath him. She would crumble to little more than dust. Instead, he pulled out of her, rolling away from her to get away from that temptation. He picked up his clothing, dressing hurriedly. Then he reached out, gently touching the back of her head. "Forget, Bethany."

She struggled for a moment and her mind battled his as he worked to erase her memory of him. She was strong but he'd exhausted her, both physically and mentally and was no match for him. He'd been doing this for a millennium. He stole into women's bedrooms and fucked them until they were unconscious. He'd fed upon them and would probably do this for millennium to come, unless he decided to take his own life.

It had crossed his mind before, right after Selena's death. He thought of the peace of that final step that was the natural ending to things. But he'd pushed the thought aside, knowing that the depression he was feeling wouldn't last forever, or at least he'd hoped it wouldn't.

Selena had been his soul-mate, his reason for being. From the first moment that he'd looked into her sparkling green eyes, he'd become hers to do with as she pleased. He was just lucky that what she pleased, pleased him as well. They'd fulfilled each other, her with her quirky attitude and her easy smile that made him smile more than he'd ever thought to. She'd been vampire, not of his making but the daughter of an old one. They'd met as they'd both been touring Europe. He'd spotted her across a crowded room. It had seemed a bit cliché at first, but then he'd watched her pick out a man and charm him until she'd wrapped him around her little finger before taking him outside to 'tour' the gardens.

Chal had found them in a lover's clinch just beyond the fountain of a dolphin and a woman. He'd tapped the man's shoulder as if asking to butt in for a dance and then bent his head, kissing her. Selena hadn't even blinked. Her mouth had fitted his and that was that. He moved her into his suite of rooms that night and they'd spent the day entwined until night fell once more.

Selena had wrapped him around her little finger as well. She'd become his reason for living and when she'd been killed, staked and then decapitated and burnt by the brother of one of their victims, he'd lost his will to survive. If it hadn't been for Rodney and Giselle, he probably would have stepped into the morning sunlight and out of the shadows, burning until he was once more in Selena's arms. If there was an afterlife, and he'd prayed there was one for his kind, then she would be there when he became ashes.

He brushed the past away and felt the gnawing hole in his life eat at him. It did so every time he thought of Selena. He shoved his feet into his boots and left them unlaced. He was done here, his beast quieted once more. He would go home and try to figure out his new guest. Throwing his duster over his bare shoulders, he grabbed the pieces of his silk shirt from the bed and the floor, stuffing it into his pocket before heading over to the French doors. He glanced back one last time. Bethany had been a wonderful bed mate, taking everything he gave her and giving back more. He smiled gently and then slipped out the way he'd come in, racing through the back alleys until he came to his own back gate.

The house was quiet and he slipped in the front door, locking it behind him. Rodney came from the front salon. "You look much better sir, definitely with a little more bounce to your step." He stepped forward, handing Chal a shirt he'd taken from the master bedroom earlier.

"Thank you, Rodney. What would I do without you? Has our guest stirred?" He pulled off his duster, slipping his arms into the button down shirt though he left it unbuttoned.

Rodney glanced at the stairs even as he took the duster from Chal and took it to hang in the front closet. "Giselle would be the one to ask." He nodded at the woman as she came down the curved front stairs.

"Still sleeping, sir. She's barely stirred since you left." She took Rodney's hand in her own. "If you no longer need us..."

"No, but once more you remind me how rough my life would be without you. Thank you both." He watched as the couple went down the hallway to the corridor that led to what used to be thought of as the servants quarters back when the house was built before the War Between The States. Rodney and Giselle stayed back there now and enjoyed their own little piece of this house that would stay quiet no matter how many people Les had invited in.

He smiled tiredly, starting toward the stairs as he felt the dawn beginning to pull at him. Being part incubus meant that he didn't have as much to fear with the sun as regular vampires did. It would still kill him if he was forced to spend too long of a time in it, but he wouldn't just burn and turn to ash. He could stay awake for longer hours as well, especially if he'd recently fed. But it would take a toll upon his strength and he tried to keep regular hours, or at least as regular as he could make them.

He turned toward his bedroom and paused as he heard a tiny cry coming from the room next to his. He went to the door and peered into the darkness. The figure he saw struggled under the heavy covers and fought as if to try to wrest herself free from something or someone. He growled, letting the rage fill him for just a moment. He didn't usually feed from men. The thought of giving a man pleasure as he did women was not an enjoyable one for him. But for the scum that hurt this tiny scrap of humanity, he'd be very tempted. 

She was so small and barely showed as a bump under the covers. He forced his rage back and hurried to the side of the bed then sunk down and let his palm rest against her forehead. She jerked and pulled away from him and her eyes opened. "No, don't, please." She pled to the man she was unable to see in the darkness. "Don't hurt me again."

The terror in her voice ate at him and he felt his body tighten as his inner demons raged inside. It fought against him and desperately wanted out. "Shh, Bliss, you're safe here."

She heard his voice and his name left her lips even as she threw herself at him. "Chal...I thought...I thought you were him."

He lifted her gently and cuddled her in his embrace. "No, it's just me. You won't ever have to worry about him again."

"B-but he owns me." She buried her face in his neck. "My da..."

"He doesn't own you, sweetness. I won't let him hurt you in any way." His hand slid through her hair and pulled her closer.

"H-he has p-papers...legal papers." She relaxed against him and felt safe now that he was here. She believed his words, that he wouldn't let anything hurt her, not while he was here. But thoughts of what the Master might do...of what he might have others do...that had her terrified. "I don't want him hurting you." She pushed against his chest and stared up into his face when he allowed the space.

"You think he's going to hurt me?" He chuckled as if the idea was ludicrous, which it was. "He can't hurt me, Bliss, don't worry about that."

"You don't know what he can do, Chal, of what he's capable of. I saw him kill a man."

"He can't kill me." He spoke the words with a strange kind of certainty that made Bliss want to scream and yell at him.

"You don't know that. You don't know what he's done before..." She snarled when he chuckled again. "I'm being serious, Chal."

"I know, Bliss I just don't want you to worry. Donnie boy has more to be worried from me then you have to worry about him. I promise you, he holds no threat to me."

"How do you know?" She pulled the robe off her shoulder and rubbed at a strange scar that lay there.

Chal leaned forward and turned on the small bedside lamp. The garishness of Celesta's personality shouted at him from the decorations and he made a mental note to let her change it. Anything would be better than what was there now. "What is that?"

"The M-master branded me." She cupped her hand over the scar, hiding it from him. He was such physical perfection, even the small slice of his skin that she could see from between the sides of the unbuttoned shirt. How could she ever show him something as ugly as the brand? It was the first of the Master's brutality, it was the first thing she remembered after waking in the cold basement. The cement bruised her hip and shoulder though she was trussed up so that she couldn't move.

He'd come down to the basement. He walked in, a black cape swirled around his shoulders. Somehow that cape, though it made him look ridiculous, frightened her more. Then he stood before her and told her who he was and what she was allowed to call him. He had a brazier of coals, the brand tucked into their white hot squares. When he'd pulled it out, she'd moaned behind the ball gag in her mouth and then screamed as he'd pressed it to her shoulder.

It was healed now and ugly, but she stroked it as a reminder of what the man could and would do to her if she disrespected him in any way. At times, it was all she could do not to let her temper reign as he treated her with less respect then a dog.

"Let me see, Bliss." He pulled her forward on his lap and his fingers touched the robe. "May I?"

She nodded but he could tell she wasn't happy about it. It seemed as if she were doing this because it had been beaten and tortured in her to do as she was told. That bothered him. It bothered him more then he thought it would. "I won't do it if you don't want me to, Bliss"

She let out a sigh and seemed to relax against his hand. "Go ahead. It's just s-so ugly." She pressed her face against her hands and could feel the gentle touch as he traced the ugly brand. For a reason she couldn't understand, her skin tingled and a tiny moan escaped her lips

Chal moved the shoulder of the robe down and made sure to keep as much of her covered as possible. The scar wasn't large but it was prominent on her smooth skin, a welted mark that he made out to be a large D with another D off the side. "Donnie's last name?"

"Darcy."

He made a mental note, and his finger touched the ugly scar. Then he did something that surprised both of them, he leaned forward and pressed his lips against the mark. "It's not ugly, Bliss Nothing on you could be ugly."

She ducked her head and mumbled a thank you. Her hand twined a lock of her short hair around her finger. It was a nervous tick and it made him smile. 

"Think you could go back to sleep now?"

She nodded though she put her hand out when he went to turn out the light. "C-could you leave it...?"

"Of course." He touched her cheek, seeing the panic that grew in her eyes as he rose from the bed. "Would you like me to stay a while?"

"W-would you?" She nibbled on her lower lip and Chal felt a surprising surge of lust. His eyes focused on her mouth and watched her white teeth worry that full lower lip. He wanted to growl, to drag her into his arms and pull it into his mouth, to tease and torment her until she begged him to take her.

Then he realized what he was thinking. Bliss was in his house, being protected by him. He didn't want her to think that she needed protected from him. He cleared his throat. "If you'd like."

"I would. I'm sorry, I guess I should be adult about this..."

"You've been through a terrible ordeal, Bliss. I think I'd even want someone to chase away the boogeyman if that had happened to me." He glanced around the room and looked for something a bit more comfortable then the ugly chintz chairs that Celesta had preferred. When she scooted over in the bed, he glanced at her in surprise. "Are you sure?"

"You're chasing away my boogeyman; the least I could do was let you be comfortable while you do it. She reached over, tossing two of the unused pillows toward him.

Chal kicked off his boots and sank back. He piled the pillows up behind his back. She rolled toward him and her hand reached out to touch the bottom hem of his shirt. "Thank you. You've put yourself out more for me than anyone else has ever thought to. My da...he thought I was a waste, that I had my head in the clouds. I think he couldn't handle anything more from me when I refused to marry the biggest wastrel in town."

"Da's." He mimicked her quiet burr. "Are supposed to protect and cherish, not sell off their children like cattle."

"He'd have probably been happier if he could have sold me off to slaughter." Her eyes dropped and she stared at the fabric of his shirt. "I don't know how I'm going to repay you for all of this."

"Then stay here with me, keep me from going crazy on my own. Redo this room and get rid of all of...this." He spoke the word with such disgust she couldn't help but laugh.

"So what did you see in her?"

"She had her...good attributes." If he'd been able to blush he would have when she turned and looked into his eyes.

"Yes, I saw some of her attributes."

"You're lucky I don't blush." But this time, he was the one to drop his gaze. "Weren't you the one that wanted to sleep?" He reached out and flicked off the light before she could answer. There was a hint of light coming from the hallway, shining in from under the door. He felt the bed move slightly as she turned to lie on her back. "Go to sleep, Bliss. We will worry about Donnie and everything else tomorrow."
