 He'd thought that sleep wouldn't take him so quickly, especially since he'd just fed. Usually, the erotic energy he consumed would have him bouncing off the walls like a tweaker on a good fix, no matter how late in the day it got. But for some reason, he felt his eyes close and the blackness of unconsciousness settle about him.

Even in his sleep, his body tightened and he knew the dream was just around the corner of his mind. Chal tried to wake up, he desperately wanted to avoid seeing what he knew would be there. It had been there almost every day since Selena's violent and cruel death ten years ago.

He could see her in front of him as if it were that horrible night, the midnight blue of her gown shimmering in the candles that lit the room. They played off the honey blonde of her hair that fell in an amazing mass of curls to touch her middle back. He knew that a smile touched her lush lips and her beautiful blue eyes were shining. She reached back to take his hand and laughed as he twirled her into his arms and then dipped her with elegant ease across one arm. Her arms reached up and wrapped around his neck. He murmured his love into her pretty shell-like ear.

"I love you too, Chal." She tugged his face closer and kissed him and then slid her tongue into his mouth to duel with his own. It was the point in the dream that he'd always thought If I wake up, it won't happen and she'll be here, beside him where she should be. But just like the last time, he couldn't force himself to wake or to change the dream, to make her safe again.

"Mmm." His moan was heartfelt and he let her control the kiss and finally brought her to her feet. "We could eat later." His words were met with the melodic tinkling of her laughter.

"You wouldn't hurt Giselle's feelings that way, Chal, and you know it. She put in a lot of work to make this night special for us. We couldn't do anything as cruel as not show up to appreciate it." She kissed him again and her hands moved down his chest over the crisp white shirt and dark blue dinner jacket he wore. "But don't forget those thoughts for after dinner. I think I want you for dessert."

He tucked her hand under his arm and escorted her into the dining room. He'd barely had the chance to seat her when the French doors had flown open and a group of men, all of them dressed in dark gray and black, flooded the room. He could hear Selena scream his name and he tried to get to her but a bolt of silver creased his brow. It knocked him backwards, the silver slowly seeping into his system.

Selena was being held, barely, between four of the men and another was pulling up segments of the floor boards, piling them up and using the candles to light them, to start a fire in the middle of the floor. It caught quickly. He rolled and tried to get up. He saw the metal stake and the wide hammer that was used to send it to pierce and shatter her heart, the kind, gentle heart that hated hurting anyone, despite the beast that had been inside of her. She was still alive, her screams loud and growing louder, more desperate as the toxic silver spread through her body. The silver that caused parts of her to die off.

Chal tried to get up again. But the toxin had entered his blood system as well, not to the extreme that Selena was going through but enough to make him uncoordinated and clumsy. He fell to the floor again, catching himself on his hands. He pushed himself up again and made it to his hands and knees.

One of the men rushed toward him, his heavy boot slammed into his chest. He felt the ribs breaking and he groaned and fell to his side. Another man kicked him in the back, just above his kidney and then another, this time sending his body skidding against what remained of the oak floor. "Selena!" He cried her name and tried once more to get up to go to her. "Selena, no!"

Her body was on the ground, a hatchet used to part her head from her body. He watched in horror as she was tossed into the flames of the fire. Her body still moved, still tried to protect herself. He forced himself up, his rage and sorrow turned to face the men. "Kill me!" It was as much a plea as a demand. So much pain twisted through him, so much anguish, he couldn't face it, not and stay sane.

"My pleasure." 

Chal turned and saw the man with the crossbow load another silver bolt into it. He cocked the weapon and sighted Chal with practiced ease. Chal held his arms out and tipped his head back just slightly. "Do it damn you!" He could feel the heat of the fire as it melted the wax of the candles and licked its way up the walls to consume the room. "Kill me too!"

But the man dropped the weapon to his side, and glanced one last time at Chal before his compatriots pulled him out of the burning room. The fire spread quickly and Chal took his seat at the dining room table. The table cloth was already burning. He could feel the flames licking at him, the searing pain was nothing compared to what he felt inside. He dropped his head to the table and bloody tears streamed down his face. "Selena." His anguish grew until he threw back his head and roared his pain.

His left side was on fire. He rose and screamed with the pain. He could feel his skin melting; feel his insides boiling with the heat. Then there was a splash of icy water and he fell to the ground and into blackness. The blackness was a relief from the pain that consumed him, the pain of the burns, the pain of losing his Selena, his soul-mate.

He'd lain in that soft blackness for over a month as his body healed. When he finally opened his eyes, it was to a strange room. New skin had replaced the burned and his hair was beginning to grow out. He'd stared around the room for a moment and then the memory returned and he'd risen from that bed and trashed that strange room, desperate to find a release from the agony that burned in his gut.

Her name was on his lips when he finally fell to the floor and stared at the room he'd ravaged. His eyes fell upon the picture that hung over the unlit fireplace. It was a full length portrait of Selena. He could remember the sly twist of her lips, the knowing look in her eyes as she winked at him. She was so incredibly beautiful and as sweet and kind as any woman he'd known, either human or other. They'd killed her, those men. They'd killed her and she wouldn't have hurt them even if she'd been starving.

The torturous torment roiled in his gut. He wanted revenge. He wanted to find them and kill them as violently and gruesomely as he possibly could. However he knew Selena wouldn't want that. She would have fought him and argued for hours if necessary to change his mind. How could he kill those men, find the vengeance that he sought when it would be everything that Selena hated?

He twisted upon the bed as he fought the memories and the pain. When a small, warm figure curled up against him, he calmed and wrapped his arm around her to hold her close. He felt the dream of Selena melt from his mind. It was replaced with a tiny, dark-haired sprite that danced naked in front of him,. Her curvy body tempted him and teased him until he groaned his need. "Bliss. Come to me, please."

She walked toward him, her hips swayed, her small breasts barely jiggled with each cat-like step. Her shoulders were held back and she showed no shame at her nakedness. 

"You're so beautiful, Bliss"

She smiled. "And you're over-dressed, Chal."

"I didn't want to scare you."

"Do I look scared?"

Chal laughed. "No, you look all woman to me. Can I touch you?"

She held her hands out to the side that clearly signified her approval of his idea. He took the two steps that separated them and held his hands out, his fingers gently touched the curve of her hip.

"You feel all woman to me. Can I kiss you?" His voice was low, husky, the incubus side of him yearned to make love to this woman, to feel her erotic energy. He felt as if he hadn't fed in months; that he would die if he couldn't take her now. "Say yes, Bliss. Please."

"Yes." The word was a breathless plea. "Please."

He grinned and he slid his hands to her back and lifted her easily. His lips were gentle, his tongue barely brushed the seam of her mouth. He groaned as she parted her lips to welcome him inside. He found her tongue and sucked it inside of his mouth to nibble and suck gently upon her. Her moans were sweet to his ears and he moved even closer. "Take off my clothes." The whispered words were anything but a plea. They were more like a demand as both sides of him were torturing him for taking her so slowly.

"You'll be mine, Chal. Is that what you want? You'll be bound to me in the way of my kind."

"Your kind?" His hands brushed the hair back from her face and he stared, enraptured by the beauty of her. Her face was pale, her eyes huge and a startling blue. He'd thought that the blue of her eyes should belong to a blonde. But against her pale skin and the black locks, the blue looked perfectly natural and utterly right. "What kind are you talking about, Bliss?"

"I'm a dream-weaver. My kind has the power to sneak into your dreams and change them. In doing so we can learn your every thought, your every desire. I felt your desire for Selena and the pain you were going through. I couldn't just let you feel that pain without trying to help it."

"Dream weaver?" His black brows furled even as his hands opened the heavy robe and slid down her back to draw her even closer to him. "I don't think I've heard of that before."

"No, you wouldn't have. The ability passes from mother to daughter and too many dream weavers never find the special man strong enough to mate with her. The man I called da, well he wasn't. My true da died before I was born. I think that is why he treated me the way he did, I was no true kin to him."

Chal had to force himself to pay attention to her words when all he truly wanted to do was make love to her. His need for her was so incredibly strong that he found himself nodding and sliding his hands up and over her breasts. They were small but firm, her nipples hard and erect. Those rosy peaks were big, sitting high upon her soft skin. He could feel himself salivate.

"I want to taste you."

Bliss shivered at the thought. "Yes." She moaned and her head fell back as he wasted no time. His mouth feasted upon her flesh and suckled upon her nipples. He nibbled upon the taut nubs until she was limp across his arm. Her breath panted from lungs that seemed oxygen starved. "Chal!"

"I want to fuck you." His tone was rough and he used his teeth to tug on her nipples. "Will you let me?"

She waved her hand and a huge bed was suddenly before him. He lifted her easily in his arms and, took her to the satin draped mattress. "Yes." The word was little more than a sigh and Chal tore at his clothes. He wanted to be naked with her. He climbed up beside her and straddled her hips and his lips went to one big nipple, sucking hard.

Bliss arched her back, her hands digging into the soft silk of his hair, feeling the ends as they tickled her skin, caressed her. She squirmed under his mouth and she tried to part her legs. She wrestled with him and was finally able to push him down to the bed.

He grinned at her from around her nipples. Then, with a move to fast to be able to see, he flipped her back to her back and slid between her parted legs. She wrapped her legs around his back and pushed her wet intimate flesh against his stomach. He could feel her heat, the moistness of her arousal. He knew her need. Her energy was incredible. The waves of power that came from her body was almost more than he could handle. 

"Bliss..." He lost track of what he was saying when she pushed him to his back and her hands slid down over his chest. Her lips followed leisurely and kissed and touched as she wanted. His pleasure was intense, and the arousal and joy coming from her had him squirming under her. "I'm going to come."

She looked up from her position between his legs, her hand stroking slowly over the hardness of his cock. "So soon?" She pouted up at him, the look of sensuous female in her eyes. "Hmm, maybe I can help?"

"You help anymore and Donnie is going to look like a cub scout compared with what I will do." He ground his teeth as he heard the tinkle of her laughter. It slid up his back and sent a buzz of pleasure to race down his spine. "Bliss..."

"No." She spoke with a defiance that was startling. "This is my dream and I'm not ready for it to be over yet. I won't let you come until I'm ready, not until then." She stared up at him for a moment and then dipped her head. Her tongue did slow, torturous circles on his cock then flicked over its head. She took him in her mouth and used her lips that made him feel like he would come but she wouldn't let him. She hummed her pleasure and he felt that same jolt of pleasure that he'd felt before, but this time, it didn't cause his cock to jerk, to swell. This time it just seemed to grow behind a dam of her making to pile up until he wondered what would break first, him or her dam. 

Still, those same incredible jolts of sexual energy kept flooding his system, golden heat that was better than anyone else he'd eaten. He cried out as she took more and more of his cock until her nose pressed against the wiry soft hair at his groin.

She kept him there, hummed and swallowed, and knew she was driving him insane. But she was just beginning to enjoy herself, to take the being that he was, the being that she'd seen in his dreams and in his unconsciousness, and giving him more pleasure than anyone had done before. She wasn't afraid. She could see that he would never hurt her, that he only wanted her pleasure, her safety, to feel safe and whole. He couldn't be as bad as Donnie or her da. He wouldn't know how.

She started a slow intimate dance above him and took him deep into her mouth every third to fourth stroke. He was moaning continuously, his hands tangling in the short locks of her hair.

"God, how are you doing this?" He jerked into her mouth and groaned again. There was so much sexual energy coming from her that he couldn't figure out how she wasn't spent and limp over him. He gritted his teeth. His head was thrown back against the pillow. He could see her face, her mouth stretched around his granite hard cock. He swore he could even see it as she pulled him deep into her throat once more. When she lifted her head, he almost cried at the pain.

She rose to her knees and straddled his hips. His hands went to her sweetly curved hips, anxious to feel the heat of her around him again. She moved slowly, taking him inch by hard inch until he was fully engulfed. She'd barely had time to get used to how he felt inside of her when he began to grind her against him. Her moans were loud and grew louder in the quiet of the room. It mixed with his as the pleasure level just seemed to grow and grow. He felt her begin to shake and jerk above him and he rolled her to the bed to come between her thighs to thrust hard and deep inside of her.

She cried out his name as she came and then came again. But he didn't stop. He kept the waves of her orgasm flooding her until she couldn't breathe and her throat was raw from crying out. Her hand stroked over the small of his back and she hiss one word. "Come."

He roared his pleasure, his head thrust back. He didn't even think about moving away from her or about what he was and what he could do to her if he wasn't careful. His body jerked, his arms strained as he filled her over and over with steamy jets of his semen. Then he moaned her name, falling to the bed, his eyes closed. If his heart could beat, it would have been pounding out of his chest. He snuggled down into the bed and reached out for her with his eyes still closed.

The bed was the only thing that his fingers touched, when it should have been the softness of her skin had his eyes open. The room was still dark but he could see well enough to realize that he'd fallen asleep in her room. She lay close to the edge of the bed, held onto one of the pillows as if it were the only thing that kept her in place. He rolled closer to her and then pulled on her shoulder. He could see the tears that stained her cheeks, the blush that had her cheeks pink. She opened her eyes and stared up at him as if he were something foul.

"Bliss?"

She shook her head. "No, Chal."

"But...we should talk about what just happened between us."

"It was a dream. Dreams aren't real. They don't mean anything."

"You don't believe that, Bliss. I know you don't."

"Yes, and you know me so well. Oh wait, you only met me last night. That's right. So how in the hell can you know me at all?"

Chal furled his brow. He wanted to shake her for the way she was acting, for the things she said. But he forced himself to let her go and he rose from the bed. "Forgive me, I didn't think I was being presumptuous. I will leave you to you solitary bed." He rose, clicked his heels together and bowed. Then he left the room. He was feeling a bit like he thought a whore might feel, used for what his body could do for hers. How could a small girl make him feel like a fool, a girl he'd only just met?

He wanted to shout, to tear something apart but he forced himself to stop and count to ten over and over until the urge was gone. Then he put on his boots, grabbed his black bomber jacket and put it on as he walked out of the french doors in his room. He couldn't stay there. If he did, he knew he'd go back into her room and argue with her again. How could she say such things about dreams like the one they'd shared? He skipped quickly down the wide cement stairs but a thought had him sinking down on one of the curved metal benches.

She was a dream-weaver. She'd woven that dream for him, made love to him until he begged to be allowed to come. Despite all that, all the pleasure that she'd given him, he hadn't drained her dry. Things like that just didn't happen, no one person could withstand the incubus inside of him. So how in the hell had she done it?