 I was delirious with a combination of a fever, strong pain pills and cough syrup that made everything all better... Daytime TV couldn't offer anything entertaining enough to keep my focus on and I returned to my cold crisp sheets in the dark cool room. I can always count on a good book to distract me and sometimes even feed into my dreams. I love my dreams... typically lucid and therefore almost always erotic. My inner "self" is very sexual and I love to see where I'm going in the next dream.

Today was no different and HG Wells' classic story The Invisible Man kept my attention for easily an hour before I drifted off to sleep. Immediately I dropped into a vivid dream following my "self" walking along a hiking trail. I was dressed as you'd expect for an afternoon hike with cargo shorts, a white tank top and hiking boots. I'm very fit and the sun was filtered through the tree branches falling on my tan shoulders. My long lean leg muscles propelled me along the trail. I was working up a light sweat and my skin shined tanned and taunt as I moved. I could hear the river sparkling off to my right inviting me that way. 

No one was on the trail as it was the middle of the day on a Tuesday. The wind was blowing through the upper limbs rattling the leaves. I found a recently felled tree looking out over the river from a niche just off the trail. I took a long drink from my water bottle and pulled out my little pipe. I love having a few hits while I'm out walking alone. My mind wanders down the most interesting and yet predictable paths. I leaned back into a bit of sunshine and had a few more hits. Of course, I started to think I heard someone coming down the path so I put away the pipe and looked down both directions. 

A soft cool breeze wafted over my legs and my nipples hardened through my tank top. I can get a chill in 110 degree heat and goose bumps are very familiar to me. Luckily no one was around to notice so I just enjoyed the feeling of the breeze over my skin and thought about how hard my nipples were getting. Just then I felt something different... the cool wind had turned almost warm over my nipples. I could just imagine it was a mouth hovering over my left nipple. I could almost feel the tongue waiting to flick out and lick at it. I opened my eyes and looked up and down the trail again. The feeling of being watched was growing on me and I was frankly starting to get a bit moist at the thought of having a mouth on me right then.

I leaned back against the dead tree and just went with let my imagination run wild. No one was anywhere around. I was all alone. 

The breeze cooled the sweat on my chest and arms. I raised my water bottle for another drink and the condensation dripped onto my chest, running down my cleavage. I traced the water down with my fingers and aimed the water bottle to drip onto nipple though my tank top. The breeze picked up at just the right moment and tweaked my hard nipple.

I was getting turned on and I knew I was dreaming so I thought to myself "do I want to masturbate or do I want help?" This was when I remembered the story I had just put down before going to sleep. I've always loved the idea of being invisible and what I could see and do that way. I decided to have the invisible man help me feel good.

As lucid dreaming allows, I imagined my hands moving over my D-cups and tugging my tank top up revealing my stomach. I felt his fingers circle my belly button and trace down to the waistband of my shorts. In a dream I don't have to "introduce" him. I can just have him be there in the woods with me. 

I felt his breath on my stomach and then his tongue licking around my belly button as his hands moved along my sides, up under my tank top, cupping my tits. His body was between my legs as his mouth was licking and sucking on my stomach. I looked down but could see no one as I felt his hands pushing my tank top up and over my tits. My shirt and bra were gone with a thought and his mouth sucking on my nipples. 

His invisible hands were undoing my shorts and sliding into my panties as he continued to suck and bite at my hard nipples. I was getting really moist as his fingers slid down against my clit, rubbing and probing for my pussy.

I knew my physical body was responding to this dream and I was looking forward to waking up and feeling how wet my pussy would be... but that was later. 

My invisible man slid his finger up and down my clit, teasing my pussy around and just barely inside as my hips moved against him. Mmmmm I love lucid dreaming.

He pushed his finger into me and used his thumb to rub my clit making me really feel good. He sucked my nipples and pinched them as he finger fucked me faster and then pulled his finger out and rubbed two fingers along either side of my clit. 

He pulled his hand out and yanked my shorts on panties down and pushed my thighs apart. I grabbed my tits and squeezed as his mouth landed on my clit and he began to lick his big tongue flat against my throbbing clit, sliding up and down to my wet pussy. He flicked his tongue at my opening and then licked and sucked my clit, pulling my pussy lips apart with his fingers, rubbing wherever his tongue wasn't. He pushed a finger into me as he sucked and moaned on my clit. I looked down and could only see my hands on my naked body but I could feel his excitement pacing mine.

He was pounding my pussy with his finger and licking and sucking up my wetness. I was getting really turned on now and getting close to cumming. My mind was totally focused on his tongue when he pulled back and slid his body up against me, his hands gripping my hips and pulling me against him as his hard cock slid up along me. His mouth sucked at my nipples and his cock slid up along my wet clit. He felt big and thick and my pussy was dripping and ready. 

His hands pulled my hips up and he slid his hard dick tip to my pussy, pushing barely into me. Ooooh I wanted him so badly. I tried to push against him and he slid it deep into me... he held my hips up and against him as he began to fuck me, sliding almost out of me and then thrusting deep inside again. 

If anyone had come along, they would have been impressed with my ability to hold myself up that way. My hips were lifted off the tree and I was moving back and forth against the air. No one else would know that there was an invisible man grinding his big thick cock into my wet pussy, pulling me hard against him with each thrust. He lifted me up and I put my hands down on his hard invisible chest and began to pulse up and down on his shaft. He was so thick that I was sure I was going to cum each time I slid down. His hands were on my tits, squeezing my nipples one minute and then grabbing my hips and pulling me harder down on him as he thrust up the next. I could feel his cock throbbing inside me and my orgasm started to build quickly as I began to fuck his cock faster, pushing my pussy down his hard beam, feeling him filling up my wet cunt. I came and then came again with his cock fucking me with his orgasm exploding into me. Ooooooooohhhh yes yes yes!

When I woke up I immediately put my finger into my panties and sure enough my pussy was soaked. I fingered myself for a while thinking about how fun lucid dreaming is and wondering why everyone can't enjoy it like I can.