 -You'll have to excuse me for my English; it's not my first language. I don't think it'll cause you big problems to read, but you'll certainly find some mistakes. -

"It was about time that this movie got in video stores. I'd heard about it for a month now and it was nowhere to be found." Thinking to himself, Gabriel throws the videotape on his bed and turns on the TV, a 39 inches wide screen TV. And he was proud of it! After taking off his coat, pants and tee shirt, he grabs the video once again and puts it in the VCR and presses "play". While the usual warnings show up on the screen, he pours himself a glass of seven up and comes back. Lying down on his bed with his head against a pile of pillows, he takes a sip and smiles largely when the movie begins. 

It's already been two months since Sandy left him, and about two months and a week since he last had sex. And since he saw her for the first time on TV, two years ago, he "fell in lust" with Lisa Boyle. "Who couldn't absolutely love her?" He often asks to himself. "words can't even render her beauty, she's sexy, sensual and, of course, erotic. Her body's plainly the proof that God exists!" Well, Gabriel does like her... He's not particularly fond of erotic flicks though, so he fast-forwards the movie until she appears. It doesn't take long before a nude breast appears, before a panty disappears, and so on. but even if he dislikes erotic movies, he's not stupid enough to fast-forward the scenes she's in. It's one of the reasons he rented that movie after all...

After a few minutes, he slips his hand under his boxers and starts to rub his already hard cock. The scene is longer than he expected, so he quickly finds himself on the verge of his first climax. But he manages to control himself, even though the sight of Lisa on the screen could've been more than enough! After having thrown his boxers and sox on the floor, he lays naked on the bed, with his hard cock in his hand. As he looks at himself on his ceiling mirror, he wonders why he's unable to have a girlfriend right now. He knows that he's far from being repulsive with his muscular body and long black hair, he's healthy and he knows from his previous girlfriends that he's good in bed. "Seven and a half inches is not a monster, but it's more than enough to fill most girls, and that's reasonably long for me." He says that aloud in his room, trying to forget about the few women who rejected him, and directs his attention on the movie again. He likes to watch himself masturbating, but since Lisa is on the screen, why waste such a wonderful sight? 

He realizes that the sex scene is much longer than he expected for the first one, and he decides to let himself go for his first climax. When he feels his whole body tensing up, he looks up and sees all his muscles outlines by the sexual tension inside him. When all this energy gathers in and around his cock, the release is incredible good, and powerful. He receives a glob of cum right on his cheek, then another just above his left nipple, before filling a pool on his thumb. when the ripples of pleasure finally disappear, he grabs a tissue and wipes his face and chest clean. Then, just before wiping his fingers clean, he thinks back at the time Sandy convinced him to taste his cum. "After all, she said, I taste and swallow it all the time!" And he did try. It tasted a bit weird, but not unpleasant like he had feared. He had not done it since then, and taught about it while looking at Lisa on the screen. 

"The only reason I had done it is because I knew Sandy would share it with me in a kiss." But now, Sandy was not here to share it with him. So he simply wiped it off and threw the tissue in the trash across the room. Since the movie is now in a slow stretch, he decides to doze off for a few minutes. He's quickly awaken by a loud moan, a moan he can always make out; Lisa. The action on the screen is burning hot again, as Lisa's now dressed in leather straps outlining her huge breasts. Playing with a candle, she walks to the guy with dangerous eyes. Gabriel grabs his cock once more and starts to masturbate again. At this exact moment, Lisa looks at the screen. A bit startled, Gabriel finds this little situation quite surprising for an erotic movie. 

But suddenly, Gabriel sits up on his bed, startled by Lisa; she just asked him; "So, Gab, looks like you want me... well, answer me Gabriel." "..well, ...yeah." "Do you want me to join you?" At this point, Gabriel's completely bewitched. He can't understand how this is possible, yet he still wishes it could be true, and not an incredible joke. "Of... course, please come in." Then, on TV, Lisa looks around her as if to be sure she wasn't discovered, and grabs a hold of Gabriel's TV frame. When he sees her fingers slipping out of the screen and grabbing the plastic frame, he quickly moves back against the wall, quite afraid. During this time, Lisa slowly moves out of the TV and stands up in Gabriel's room, looking at him with the most beautiful and luscious of eyes. Bending forward, she then walks on her hands and knees on his bed, reaching his feet. He manages not to move as she bends down lower to kiss his calves. Moving upward with a torturing speed, she slides along his thighs, while Gabriel, relaxed by her kisses, finds a way to relax and enjoy his luck. 

It only took his cock a few seconds to get hard again, hardness he had lost to fear! When she reaches his belly, she lightly brushes her neck against his straining cock. Unable to move, Gabriel lets her do what she wants, anyway sure that he'll like it. After a few gentle caresses, she wets her lips and slides them back and forth across the head of his cock. Without stopping her soothing contact, she smiles when she sees and feels his whole body shivering. Slightly opening her lips, she puts her tongue on the tip, and licks the drop of pre-cum already formed. Gabriel's now in a dream like state, unable to think straight or wonder how this whole scene is possible; he's just in a delightful ecstatic bliss, moaning uncontrollably.

While placing his legs on each sides of her body, Lisa opens her lips wider, letting him inside her mouth slowly with deliberate strokes of her tongue. With the head completely in, she stops moving down and focuses her efforts on her tongue, her magic tongue from Gabriel's point of view. Curving it around the soft head of his cock, she rubs it up and down while pursing up her lips around the sensible skin. 

Sane enough to see her coal black hair cascading around his thigh, he reaches for them and gets them out of her way. As soon as he touches them, he feels their incredible satiny softness and realizes that they're real, however impossible their richness seemed. Then, guiding his fingers down her back, he unsnaps the four clasps that hold her leather outfit together. After making it fall on his bed, he grabs it and throws it on the floor. He doesn't know how, but he manages to speak out; "You're much too beautiful to have anything obstruct your charms. Like a fine response to his compliment, she sucks a bit harder, filling him with a strong wave of exaltation. Letting his head fall backward, he decides to simply let the dark-haired angel take care of him. 

Casually, without ever letting his cock out of her mouth, she pulls his whole body backwards, letting him lay completely down on the bed. And that's when he sees her with the ceiling mirror. He sees her legs, bent under herself, opened in front of him, her hips sensually wider than her waist, her nude and seductive back covered with some wild locks of her hair, and her head just above his cock. Closing his eyes before so much beauty, he opens them again but looks directly at her, squeezing a few pillows under his head. As he sees her lips wrapped around his cock and her head moving smoothly from left to right, up and down, he closes his eyes once again. Without any warning, she takes his whole cock in her mouth, slowing down only slightly when his head reached her throat. Now completely lost in the feeling of his cock sinking down her throat, his head trashes from one side t the other in an uncontrolled madness. She slowly bobs her head up and down, making sure his cock never leaves the warm confines of her throat. Then she lets him out gently, giving his sensitive skin time to adjust. Placing her hands on each sides of his belly, she stays low and moves upward. As soon as her cooler breasts rub against the burning skin of his inner thighs, his whole body stiffens at the sensations. Enveloped between her breasts, Gabriel's cock now feels the smoothest skin he has ever felt or imagined. Playing with him, she moves back and forth along his shaft, with a devilish smile on her face. 

Now, her eyes locked in his, she moves up while caressing his body with her breasts and firm nipples. Following Lisa's eyes, he sees them closing while her mouth opens slightly, only inches away from his. As he closes his eyes, he feels her thigh pressed against him, and her warm breath flowing on his face. Instead of jumping up like a fool, he lets her tickle his own lips with her tongue. Making them wet and soft, she then lowers hers directly on his an offers him the kiss he could only dream of. As her breasts budge against his chest, he feels her hair falling down on his face and shoulders. Her kiss, soft and delicate, slowly turns into a pure radiating heat, a mix of pleasure, passion and fondness. He doesn't know why, but he feels like he's been in love with her during his entire life. The loving kiss he never could taste with his girlfriends, he now drowns in it. Feeling her knees sliding over and to the outside of his thighs, he closes his legs between hers. Effortlessly, Lisa lowers herself on him, embracing his whole body with the magic of hers. 

He doesn't know exactly how much time passes by before she moves again, he doesn't care. Right now he's in heaven, pure and indistinguishable heaven. Arching her back forward, Lisa opens her legs around his. As he feels her bush brushing his cock from the base to the head, he can't control his shaking. Now the warmth and wetness of her pussy is perceptibly leaking its precious balm on his cock. Reaching a hand behind her back, she grabs his cock and guides its head against her hole. Moving back a bit, she presses it just hard enough to keep it there. Then, bringing her hand back beside his arm, she breaks the kiss and arches her back upward, while slowly moving her knees forward. 

Gabriel feels his cock against her whole and he knows she clamping it closed for now. With his eyes glued to her breasts he clearly sees for the first time, he feels her moving backward again. It only takes seconds, but it looks like an eternity to him. In a swift moment, his head plops inside her pussy. Transfixed by the ocean of feelings inside him, he simply can't move. Just like if he was sinking in melting lava, he feels Lisa taking him inside her. When he feels her lips pressing against his skin and her weight on his waist, he opens his eyes. 

There she is, with her legs bet beside mine, straddling me in a sexual exchange I could only dream of... What could I ask more? When he mentally asks this question, she rises on his cock before falling back down his shaft. Placing her hands on his chest, she increases her rhythm and begins to fuck him with all the desire and passion she can conjure. When she starts to moan softly, Gabriel moves his hands all the way up her thighs, feeling her creamy white skin. then, wrapping his hands around her waist, he then raises them up until they reach the underside of her breasts. Spreading his fingers all around the fleshy mounds of a lost beauty, he gently squeezes them while her sexual dance goes on, moving her waist and hips back and forth, up and down, left to right...

sliding her hands lower on his chest, she arches her back and places her hands behind her on Gabriel's knees. With her breasts now out of reach, he slides them back down her belly and caresses her bush lightly. When she raises her hips again, he sees his cock buried in her pussy and feels is heart missing a beat. Glistening with her juices, its whole length is engulfed completely each time she lowers herself on him. For an instant, he wonders how he can still hold his climax, but, like in a dream, the question on reality fades away. 

Her moans are becoming louder, while he can feel the intense pressure this position does to her pleasure. Looking up again, Gabriel sees the perfect body of Lisa arched backwards, her head thrown back, her face crying out the pleasure she feels, her breasts bouncing up and down following her rhythm, her legs spread open for him in complete abandon...

"Oh God..." When she moans that magic phrase, stretching every syllable, he can feel her whole body quivering with pleasure. As her pussy clamps hard on his cock, he knows that a climactic fever is now possessing her entire being. Still he can control his own climax through hers, don't ask him how. Eyes locked on her pussy and his cock, he sees his skin being pulled upward when she raises herself, and a sudden gush of her juices flowing all around is cock. She lets herself fall back forward on him, instantly to have his arms wrapped around her. Still moaning and panting hard, she gives him the incredible pleasure of having given her the climax she just felt. 

Moving up to let his still hard cock out of her, she turns around to then lay her back on his chest. Raising to sit on his waist, she folds her legs once more to straddle him effortlessly. Raising herself about eight inches, she guides his cock in her pussy once more. Seeing her beautiful and lean back, only to be defined by her absolutely divine ass, lowering herself on him, he closes his eyes once again. The new feeling of this deep penetration is making him even more light headed than he was before, while she's driving her way to another orgasm. Sitting up behind her, he wraps his hands around her, guiding one to her breasts and another to her bush. Spreading his four fingers in two, he cups her pussy only to feel his cock sliding in and out, and presses his palm against her clit. She starts to moan harder and he knows that another climax is really near. Bending forward a bit, she places her hands between his legs and gives her body a total freedom to fuck as hard as she could. 

Just when he felt like she was going to explode again, she moves her hips up, sliding her buttock all the way to his chin and bends completely forward. Taking only a second to understand, Gabriel opens his mouth and plunges his tongue inside her offered pussy. As soon as he touches her clit, she explodes. His face now covered with her juices, he goes on and drink this nectar like the libation of the Gods it is. Feeling unbelievably good, he lets himself fall back when her moaning stops. He sees her moving back on him, laying her back on his chest again.

In a second, Gabriel's hands roam back on her, from her hips to her breasts in a flash. With her legs still opened around his, she grabs his cock again and guides it once more to her pussy. Sliding back down, she takes it all inside her before arching her back. After raising his own legs, Gabriel pushes hard, thrusting inside Lisa's burning pussy while holding her precious breasts in his hands. Eyes closes, drowned in her delicate, perfume-less fragrance, with his hands on her breasts and his cock deep inside her, Gabriel finds once again a taste of Eden. Suddenly realizing the picture that must be reflected in the mirror, he opens his eyes. Once more her legs are spread for him, his cock piercing her dark bush, her long and thin belly, her heaving breasts under his hands and her face drying out loud her ecstasy. He simply can't understand all this luck and beauty.

Now he feels like his cock is letting him feel the raging energy building inside him. With his moans mixed with hers, he knows the desired moment is near; inevitable. When he feels a drop of her juices dripping on his inner thigh, he knows he's already over the edge. As if all the energies of the world were converging on him, his body tenses up wildly before the final release. Bucking uncontrollably, he cums and cums, filling her magic body with his own warmth. Arched backwards, Lisa gives all she can, letting only her pussy touching Gabriel, lost in powerful thrusts. Closing his eyes one last time, all seems to disappear except her pussy, and when his orgasm fades, so does she. Unable to open his eyes, he simply lets himself fall to sleep. 

Epilogue: Finally awake, Gabriel sees the screen of his TV filled with snow and the VCR flashing to tell him that the cassette has re-winded. Was this all a dream? Did it really happen? ...Only later will he notice the small tattoo he now has in the lower part of the small of his back, a tattoo that reminds him of a beautiful actress...

-If you have the time, I'd like some comments. Thanks- 