 First foray into erotica!

*

The wildflowers towered above Adhara, as she lay upon the oak leaf waiting for her lover. She was nude, as her kind often were, but she was unusually wet. The events that had transpired up to this point were awing to her. Her tiny hand glided along her pale blue skin as her eyes closed in memory. 

Lesath had been a friend of hers for a long time, but in the past year or so, she had wanted him as more than a friend. His long black hair reflected purple light, his eyes shone with every color in nature, and changed with his moods. With a body toned and slender, he was delicate yet strong. She had fallen in love with him. She had never dreamed he would feel the same. 

Her right hand came into contact with her breast as she reminisced. Fingering her nipple, she thought of their first sexual encounter, when she was a pure virgin. 

Adhara had been growing milkweed, and dancing with butterflies. They were happy with the way she kept her garden and loved to rest there. As she patted the soil around a new plant, she heard a rustle in the bushes behind her, followed by a pseudo-curse from a very familiar voice. She giggled as she searched through the grasses for Lesath. 

"Lesath!" she cried, "Are you OK?" 

"Yes! Fine! Don't look! Stay away!" He cried. Adhara simply giggled more and followed the sound of his voice. She pushed a few grasses away and found him, his hands covering his groin. He had a pained look on his face. 

"Oh Lesath, did you injure yourself?" 

"I don't...no.." he stammered. "It's just...don't look..." 

"Stop being silly," Adhara laughed, I have seen your groin before, she thought, what's the big deal? She pushed his hand aside at much protest, then let out a tiny gasp. She had seen his penis before, but not like this. When she had seen it, it was always small and limp. But now, it was protruding from his body, and had swollen to a much larger size. And with her gaze, it was growing larger. 

"I was watching you tend the flowers and dance, Adhara," He said, blushing. Her eyes were not moving from his now massive cock. He didn't want her to see him like this, and yet he did. His eyes wandered across her body, her wonderfully proportioned breasts, her smooth skin, her hairless pussy. As he was staring at this he saw some moisture glistening on the lips. He looked at her face hungrily, and asked if he could lick her pussy. 

Adhara's eyes became questions, and he realized she didn't know what he meant. It was true she didn't know, but she would have let him do anything to her right now. The place between her legs was pounding, and it ached. Her own fingers reached down to slide across and in between her lips. He knelt in front of her, and demonstrated with a quick lick between her lips. 

Adhara caught her breath and nodded for him to continue when he looked up for approval. Lesath's tongue plunged inside her, eagerly licking up her fluids from her pussy. He moaned at the taste, she was delicious. He found that when he licked the tiny red cherry-like bump, she tensed and seemed to get more pleasure. He stood for a moment, and put his arms around her waist. 

"I think we forgot something important here." He whispered, as he leaned in to kiss her. Adhara's body swelled with love, and a new feeling. His tongue explored hers, and keeping one arm around her waist, used the other to fuck her with his fingers while laying her down on the grass. She was making melodic noises, coos and sighs, as he toyed with her sex. She writhed against him as she approached a higher level of being. Lesath then kissed down her body, and licked at her pussy again. His tongue moved in and out of her hole rapidly, as he rubbed her cherry with his thumb. With each sigh Adhara gave, Lesath become more impassioned. As soon as he felt like he could not go any harder or faster, Adhara's muscles all tightened. She let out a beautiful moan as her back arched. Lesath couldn't contain his passion for her. He kissed her as he finger-fucked her through her orgasm. 

"Adhara, will you please do the same for me?" He begged. Adhara's eyes flew open and she got on her hands and knees. She nodded enthusiastically. Her wings fluttered uncontrollably. Lesath was beside himself, and all he could do was collapse on the ground. Adhara crawled over him and began exploring his nether region with her tongue, popping his balls in and out of her mouth. Her breasts hung freely and as Lesath gazed down at her, he reached out and grabbed one. He massaged it as Adhara finally took his long, thick rod into her mouth. Closing his eyes, Lesath smiled and continued massaging her nipple, and started rolling it between his thumb and forefinger. 

She moaned into his dick, her lips vibrating against the skin of his shaft. Lesath grunted approval and said, "I've wanted you for so long, Adhara. Finally I can feel your beautiful lips wrapped around my cock." She bobbed up for a brief moment to respond, "I've wanted you too," and then plunged back into her delightful job of sucking on his stiff smooth staff. 

"Focus more...Mm...on the tip..." Adhara listened to his instruction and pulled her tongue back to swirl around the head of his member, now flicking it, and then licking it hard like a sugar drop. She dragged her teeth very gently across the skin of his shaft, and then at the head. Lesath was breathing quickly, and Adhara picked up her speed. 

"Aahh...Adhara...I can fell the climax...coming...Aaaah!" Lesath's body lashed around, as he ejaculated in Adhara's waiting mouth. She pulled away when he was done, and giggled. 

"That was fun!" She grinned. "Your juice tasted so sweet! Like nectar. But salty too." Her brows knit as if in an attempt to explain the inexplicable. She decided to end that with "It was very good." She lay on top of Lesath, kissing his lips as they fell into a slumber. 

Months had passed since that day, and they were still satisfying each other only with oral or finger/hand fucking. But today was different; today Lesath would enter her body, and they would please each other by pleasing the other simultaneously. 

Adhara's wetness pooled on the leaf below her. The fingers of her right hand were between the lips of her vagina, pumping in and out, and rubbing her clitoris. Her left hand was now exploring the rest of her body, squeezing her breasts, pinching her tits. Throughout, she was singing the song of pleasure most pure. 

"Ohh Lesath," she whispered to herself, imagining him inside her. She rubbed and pinched her clit, and stuck four fingers up her pussy. Her mouth stretched open in a groan, her eyes closed to focus on the pleasure. 

Suddenly Lesath was straddled over her head, pumping his cock into her mouth. 

"Adhara, you looked so hot while pleasing yourself! I couldn't help getting hard from watching you! Suck my cock hard, my faerie slut!" These words added to her pleasure, and she felt herself mounting to orgasm while she sucked hard on his manhood. 

"Yes! Adhara! Fuck me with your mouth!" His pounding grew harder and faster, plunging his rod deep into her throat and pulling it back out rapidly. She thought he might crush her face, oh how that would have been a great way to die. Her body began to tense up, and she approached her climax quickly. 

"Adhara! YES!" Lesath growled and shot his cum down her throat. As the semen hit the back of her throat, Adhara came hard onto her fingers, her scream muffled by Lesath's dick. She kept rubbing her clit hard until she felt a burning sensation, then harder until she shot hot liquid onto her leaf-bed. This time Lesath was by her side, and her scream went out as the climax to the song of Pleasure. It echoed and the flowers around her shook knowingly as she collapsed on her back.

Adhara was breathless from their quick encounter, and she closed her eyes, taking deep breaths to calm her breathing. She couldn't wait much longer to let Lesath fuck her pussy with his cock. Her eyes fluttered open, gazing over at him. He placed his hands on either side of her head, and kissed her, pushing her head against the ground. She kissed him back, their tongues swirling together creating a heavenly sensation as they waited for Lesath to get hard again. 

It didn't take long. 

Lesath lifted his left hand off the ground and caressed her breast with it. He ran it up to her neck, then dragged his nails down and around her nipple. Adhara's body twitched with pleasure. Her pussy was pulsating with desire for him, and she was salivating, panting, delirious for it. 

Gently, Lesath placed his stiff, hot dick against the entrance to her vagina. His hand was next to her head, supporting him, and he leaned in to kiss her. "Please," Adhara begged in a whisper, "please, give it to me!" Without another word, Lesath plunged into Adhara, and began pumping in and out of her. Adhara immediately came again, screaming so loud that Lesath would have sworn the entire kingdom could have heard it. 

Lesath was overcome by the power he had here, and fucked her harder and faster, the wetness of her sex allowing him to glide in and out of her with little resistance, as fast as he could. Faster and faster he pounded her pussy, his balls slapping hard against her ass. He caught her knees in his hands and lifted her ass off of the ground, her cries of pleasure bringing him to the edge of his threshold. He began to groan with her, ready to cum inside her at any moment, when she clenched her muscles. That was it, he couldn't hold it any more. He came in waves inside of Adhara, both of them screaming, a more fulfilling climax than either had ever experienced before. Lesath collapsed on top of her, and rolled off to the side. Both faeries were so worn out, they fell asleep almost instantly in each others arms.