 Aileen's World sketch concept~

Dreams of the Wood's

The night was cold and dark, the wispy clouds spiraled in a cold star pocked sky. A fine mist swirled along the ground silently stalking the boots that hurriedly stumbled by. The feet in those boots belonged to a very confused woman. The pull of power upon her was over whelming, it had forced her from her bed in the monastery. 

The compulsion that she felt to enter the nearby forest was painfully driving. Her heart pounded in her chest and beat rapidly with the fear of what was calling her. She was also overcome with a sense of excited urgency.

Aileen did not like this loss of control, but she was also very curious as to what was happening to her. She knew instinctively that it was not the satyr community calling her. Theirs was not a power strong enough to summon her like this. This power was old. Ancient even. She could not name it's origin or determine what it was that could call her from bed, demi goddess that she is. Needless to say she was afraid.

As Aileen stumbled through the dark forest, she began to perceive a soft glow ahead of her. A few yards further and she burst upon a small secluded river canyon. Sheer granite walls stretched several yards above her head. There were many different kinds of trees clinging desperately to the walls of the canyon reaching their starved limbs towards the shinning moon. In the center of the canyon was a small island surrounded by the quick flow of water from the river. 

Aileen stepped into the water slowly, the cold shocking her body. As she walked deeper into the swirling, chilly water, her nipples firmed and tighten under her thin shift. She then began to swim threw the current toward the island. The closer she got to the small mass of land the brighter and more pronounced the light became. It was now impossible to mistake it as the glow of moonbeams shinning thru the tree limbs. Slowly the light began taking on the form of a bipedal being. Long pale hair became visible, then as Aileen swam nearer, elegant and well muscled arms and legs could be seen. Soon it was clear who and what was calling her. 

A dryad? What was a tree spirit calling her for? How could a dryad even have enough power to summon her in the first place? So many different questions raced through Aileen's mind as she crawled over the bank, up on to the island. Her night dress caught on a rock and ripped terribly, as she stood. The thin material could not handle the stress of the pull and tore at her shoulder, and at the hip where the rock originally caught it. Aileen's right breast was now fully exposed and her left one was barely hidden under the shreds of her nightshift. From her hip to her knee, the creamy expanse of hip, mound and smooth thigh , gleamed whitely in the light given off by the moon and dryad both. Aileen looked so young and fragile standing before the dryad like this. He was almost sorry for what was to become of this night.

" Aileen, do you know who and what I am?" the dryad asked. His voice was old like the forest with notes and sounds of animals whispering though it. It was hypnotic and sensual. She could even hear the laughter of her satyr friends echoing inside those words.

" I know what you are, sir, but not who you are. Your some kind of dryad, a tree spirit, wood wife ... err husband? But how... how could a tree spirit summon me? You're not that powerful."

"That is true in most cases, dear Aileen, but not in my case. I, ...I am different from the usual tree spirits and wood wives that you have meet. They are all my children. I am the first." 

" Many, many life times ago my brother bound me to this form so that he would have no rivals to the fey thrown that Oberon would someday pass on. He bound me to the trees, to walk only when the moon shines. I was not angry at him, for he gave me a court of my own, for as I walked the land I awoke the trees of the glen and forest. Soon I had many children and was a king in my own right. My brother again jealous of I had become, up rooted my tree and placed it here on this island. Effectively trapping me for all eternity."

"But, why? Why not just swim off the island? Move your tree yourself? Or have your children help you. Why call me?" Aileen begged to know

"Oh, child you know why I can't do that. I may be a dryad, but I am also still fey. Which means I can not cross moving water. Neither can my children. However, my children have found a way to free me. They traveled far to a place called Delphi and spoke to an oracle there. This oracle told them, that only a child of the line, that which imprisoned me, could carry my seed to the far bank. So that again I may grow and walk among my children and mankind once again.

"That is why I have summoned you, Aileen. It has taken me a full year to save up the power needed just to call you. On this night, of autumn equinox, was the night that I was reborn into this body. Tonight is the night I have domain and power. So I have summoned you, to help free me. For you are the only one that can help me."

Aileen stood stunned, and speechless as everything that the dryad told her began to take shape in her mind. All at once something clicked and then made terrible horrifyingly tragic sense. "Wait, you said only a child of the line, that which imprisoned you could free you? That would mean ...."

" Yes, Aileen, your father is my half brother. That makes me your uncle, Methalin. 

It also means that you alone in this world can free me. No one else can." He said 

"Please I beg of you, help free me. All you need do is carry my seed across the water and bury it in the nearby bank so that a new tree can grow there. Please, I beg you niece, help me!?"

Aileen looked upon this poor man, and pitted him. She had no love towards her father, nor did she care for his petty ways of pushing folk around , in both the middle realms as well as the mundane realms. She then decided, that she would defiantly help her uncle become free. Mostly just to spite her father.

"Tell me what I need to do uncle. Where do I find your seed at to carry it to safety?" She asked.

"Oh child," Methalin laughed," I may be a dryad, but my seed is in the same place all men carry their seed."

Aileen's eyes widened at that, only then did she fully come realize that Methalin was standing before her fully naked, and fully aroused. Before, she had been to intent on what was happening to notice. Now, however, as he spoke those words did she finial see, and as she looked him up and down, did she begin to feel the zing of arousal herself.

Of her own accord, she took one hesitant step forward, and that was all the encouragement her uncle required. Aileen gasped as she felt the coolness of his treelike hands wrapped around her arms and draw her to him. His fingers on her arms felt odd ,being just a bit longer than a normal mans, slightly rough like bark, but still soft.

Methalin pulled her close against his body, her large breasts pressed hard against his cool skin. He could feel the rasp of her tight nipples against his chest as he slid her up his long body; so that he could taste her lips. "Hold on to me Aileen," he whispered to her as he wrapped her legs around his hips. "Hold on to me tightly."

Aileen, spasmodically wrapped her arms around Methalin's shoulders and neck. She didn't realize that he was so very tall, nor had she been expecting him to pick her up like a toy doll. His strength amazed her and increased her desire at the same time. She could already feel her woman's excitement wetting her thighs. Her heart beat began to pulse inside her center, her clit was becoming a solid bud of sensation as her legs spread and wrapped around her uncle's hips. She could feel his cock pressing firmly at her labia. Soon it would push between her outer lips and find her dripping wet pussy. He may not know how wet she was , but she knew. She could already feel her juices flowing down her inner lips and dripping off her thick butt cheeks. She could almost hear the drip, drip, drip on the ground. 

Methalin was in awe of the supple body he had in his hands. Aileen was so warm and hot. Every time he moved his hand her body twitched with need. He could smell her heat on the gentle wind like it was a strong perfume. As he captured her bottom lip in his mouth to gently suckle at it, her hips slammed against his in a purely animalistic need. Methalin could feel his cock rubbing softly against her inner lips. They were so warm and soft. He desperately needed to be inside of her. To long had it been since he savored the taste and feel of a woman. He wanted this to last, but he also knew he should take his time. It would not do, to force his size into any woman without proper preparation first. 

He released Aileen's mouth from his so that he could dip his head down and grasp one of her hard beautiful nipple in to his mouth. 

Aileen jerked her body back hard as she shoved her breast deeper into Methalin's mouth. The heat of his tongue swirling around her nipple was exquisite and damning, she felt her wetness finally break threw her swollen labia and wet her entire pussy inside and out.

She was ready for him, why wasn't he fucking her yet? Any other man would have been in her and pounding out his need by now. What was taking him so long?

Methalin slowly traced his hand down along Aileen's thigh. Hi arms were longer than a normal mans, and as a result he had an amazing ability to reach. 

Aileen felt his hands sliding around the outside of her legs, felt the stimulating touch as his fingers brushed over her sensitive lips and traced provocative designs all over them. The sensation was enough to bring a small orgasm and she gasped desperately into Methalin's ear, "Fuck me, please, please fuck me now!" 

Methalin was just finishing drawing the spells of stretching over Aileen's nether lips as she came. He'd never had someone come from only his touching's before. Then again, his lovers had always been fey, and not part human like Aileen. Maybe the spells had a different effect on humans, either way , with her words of begging in his ears, even he could not hold back giving her what she wanted. "Alright, but brace yourself, dear Aileen, I don't wish to hurt you."

"Shut up and just give it to me," she moaned into his neck.

He knelt down then and lay her on the cool soft grass, and with her arms wrapped around his neck, he placed his think cock head on her pussy and shoved. 

Aileen moaned and gasped at the same time. Her pussy was being spread farther apart then she had ever been in her entier life. The pressure of him in her was an agony and a pleasure. She was so over come with sensation; all she could do was bite Methalin's neck. With each thrust of his thick cock into her, she grunted into his neck. After many thrusts she released his neck in an explosive gasp as she came. 

Methalin was so surprised when she came, that when she released her teeth from his shoulder he immediately sat up to watch her pussy. With each push he made into her, she squirted more of her love out upon his body. Never had he been with a squirter in all his many years. He knew that woman could ejaculate just as men, but he had never experienced it. As he sat there staring as her lovely pussy, he lifted up one leg and pressed the other one farther back so he could better watch her pussy orgasm. He was so intent on watching Aileen's orgasm he didn't notice he was now driving so deep into her body that his balls were slapping against her thick ass. She had sheathed his entire length in her body. He had also failed to notice that she was now screaming for him to fuck her harder, damn it! 

So completely amazed with the abilities of this woman, he began to slam deep into her body, shoving every last inch into her. Aileen's moans became a soft breathy music to his ears, like the wind threw his branches during the day. The way her pussy gripped his cock and released him, to then grip again; it felt like she was milking him, asking for him to spill his seed into her. He couldn't do it just yet. He wanted, no needed, her to remember how much pleasure his was bringing her.

As Methalin fucked Aileen, he was awarded with the view of her cumming on him once again. As her orgasm flooded the juncture of their body's he placed his hand on her clit and pussy and rub her fluid all over them both. As Aileen watched, he then brought his hand to his mouth and licked it clean of her juices to only rewet his hand again and repeat the act. The sight of him so enjoying her, was so mentally stimulating that she began slamming her body against his as he trust inside of her. 

Aileen was so overly stimulated, the feel of such an inhumanly large cock buried deep in her pussy, being stretched so far open, nothing had ever felt so good as this before! Every nerve in her body was alive, every muscle quivered and spasmed uncontrollably. She could feel her body building up to an even greater orgasm, and she knew that this time she would flood them both, if he could hold on till after this coming orgasm she would be able to carry his seed across the bank with no fear of it washing out of her. She would be stretched out enough on the inside to carry a horses sized load, she was quite sure of that. 

Methalin unaware of the thoughts flying threw Aileen's mind was concerned with one thing only at the moment. He could feel his climax building and he could feel hers as well. He wanted to see her body explode one last time before he filled her with his seed. He wanted to see his cum mix with hers on her thighs. He ached to see it drool and drip out of her well fucked body . He reached out with his right hand and gently grasped her breast and began pinching her nipple. 

With each pinch, Aileen's trembling quim clenched on his cock and quivered until he released her nipple, only to pinch it again. With his left hand he raised her hips off the ground and angled them so that he was looking straight down into her pussy, seeing himself as he slid his dick in and out of her. Methalin could see little rivulets' of cum spilling out of her, flowing over her mound, and then down her body to pool in the cup formed by her breasts. 

Methalin knew she only needed a little more stimulation and she would cum for him. He placed both hands on her ass; now that he had her fully on her shoulders with her legs folded over her chest. The view he had actually made him all the harder as he placed one thumb on either side of her arse hole. He pressed in ever so gently, yet firmly, he knew this would be just enough to push her over the edge.

Aileen was loving this new position. Methalin was filling her so full and was he actually getting bigger?! She didn't care, she just knew she was one orgasm away from being fucked stupid. Her body was so keyed up that if Methalin so much as shoved a little harder she would cum. 

He didn't let her down, like he was reading her mind, he sank his thumbs deep into her ass and pulled her hole open. She came then, and hard. Her ejaculation was so strong it was like a little sprinkler had been turned on. As ripple after ripple of pleaser course threw her, squirt after squirt pumped out of her pussy. Methalin had pulled out of her pussy and replace his dick with his face as he licked and licked and drank of her love juices. Alternately sucking on her clit to keep her orgasm going and stuffing his tongue deep down inside of her. 

All to soon her body began to slow as her orgasm faded away. "Please, Methalin, I'm ready for your seed now. Give it to me so that I can carry it to the other side and plant it. Fill my pussy and my mouth with it."

Methalin took his dick in hand and as Aileen watched him; finial able to see his full size, slid it back inside of her already tightening pussy. With many determined and deliberate thrust, Methalin came deep inside of Aileen's pussy. With each thrust of his cock more and more of his seed spilled into and out of her pussy; he rammed harder and deeper into her. He pulled his cock out of her pussy with and audible "popping" sound. Eagerly Aileen sat up and shoved his massive cock deep into her throat and sucked for all she was worth. She wrapped her hands around his balls to cradled them and keep them warm. Aileen pulled hard on his glands with her lips and flicked the under head with her tongue. Stimulating him all the more so that she could get as much of his seed in her mouth and belly as she possible could. Swallowing glob after glob of gooey cum; there was so much of it, it was spilling out of her mouth, and she felt like she was wasting it. Methalin was almost done and yet, for some reason she really wanted him to enjoy her sucking him off; maybe as a way to let him know that she understood his desperation and need. 

Soon his cock was twitching with the last visages of his intense orgasm, and fell softly from her lips. Aileen looked up at her uncle and knew that now it was up to her. She could either free her uncle by swimming to the other side of the river and plant his seed so he could grow anew, or she could open her mouth and let the seed fall to the ground there. She understood the risk he was taking in asking his brother's daughter to do this. Knowing what Aileen's father was like, Methalin didn't know if Oberon's child would be of the same temperament or of a gentler more kindly nature.
 Aileen stood up clenching every muscle in her body so that it would not drip one drop of his seed, and took a step backward. Her eyes still held with Methalin's. In to the river she stepped back into, and stepped again, till she was swimming. She turned her eyes from her uncle and swam as gently and quickly as she could. At the river's bank she crawled out and walked several yards from the bank. There she turned and faced the man that had called her out into the night. 

She then kneeled down and dug a small hole. She retched up her entire stomach, emptying it of the seed she had drank and held in her mouth. She then whipped her mouth and went to the river for a quick wash and drink.

She then returned to her small hole and situated herself over the top of it. Squatting down she finally relaxed her pelvic muscles and the seed he had filler her womb with pour out. She gasped softly with the exoduses of so much fluid leaving her. Aileen then filled the little hole again with the displaced dirt. 

As Methalin watched her, he finally got to see his cum mix with hers on her thighs. It shone in the moon light brightly. Aileen began to pet her pussy then, stroking her clit, soon she had three of her fingers deep inside. Sliding in and out of her body rapidly. Changing hands, slipping fingers in and out of her both her pussy and asshole; only to place two and sometimes three in and out of it. Aileen pounded her own pussy with her hands as hard as her uncle had with his cock. Before long she had half her hand in her ass and the other hand working its way fully into her now very stretched out pussy. Her orgasm came upon her then. Rippling through her body like lightening. She concentrated with all her being to send love and power down into the ground. Her small power began to glow about her, the fey magic's she inherited from her father lighting up each bead of her sweat, each droplet of cum that was squirting out of her. Her hands were glowing brightly as she trust them in and out of her pussy and anus. The massive flood of her juices dripped from her hands and down her legs to water and nurture the seed she had just planted and to protect her uncle and ensure his freedom. As she collapsed, spent, upon the ground she heard the whispered words of thanks and love from her uncle. As her eyes closed, the last thing she saw was the small bud of a new tree forcing its way joyously from the ground. 

When she awoke next, it was to find she had been moved to the glen her satyr friends called home. They had apparently found her on the bank and moved her here. They had cleaned her up as well as mended her nightshift for her while she lay unconscious. They where currently piled all around her, providing her with warmth and their undeniable love. As she moved to site up, unexpectedly disturbed from their rest, they bolted like scared children till they realized what was happening. Slowly and reverently they began to return toward her, each bringing a little fruit or a few berries as they resettled about her. A few so bold as to pet and brush her large breasts and lick her legs lovingly. Her dear little friend Melchior, came over and pushed his way through his fellow satyrs, so that he could sit comfortable in front of her.
