 John's wet dream haunted him for the next week. He would masturbate to visons of the woman and the fantasies seemed to take on a mind of their own. She would tease and taunt him with her body, he could almost feel her hand grasping his cock, rubbing it up and down. His orgasms were more intense each time and she would tell him to come for her as he cried out. He had fantasies in the past and it was always the dark woman as he thought of her who seemed to be the central figure. Not necessarily the same appearance, but the same woman inside of all the beautiful women he had fantasized about whether they were real or make believe. Always exploiting his libido. Using his desires to make him hers. Was that what he dreamed would one day happen to him? Was that why he always encountered the same woman in different bodies? Could this woman be real, or a figment of his imagination? As the dreams and fantasies became more vivid he became less sure that she was merely a construct of his overactive imagination. Then one day he was convinced it was not fantasy anymore and he feared he might be losing more than his mind.

Working at his desk he stared at the screen trying to get through his last couple of reports before heading home. He was one of the last people in the building. When he started to re-read the same paragraph for the third time he heard her voice, "hello my sweet," the vibration on his ear sent shivers down his spine. "Your worship of me has invigorated me love," he gasped as he felt the sensation of something moving up and down on the crotch of his pants. "Give me more love," she cooed as he sagged back in his chair, "help me grow stronger and you will feel how real I can become." His cock hardened in his boxer briefs and strained against the fabric, sandwiched against his thigh.

"Feel how much stronger I have become already?" the sensation against his cock felt real enough. "Oh my sweet," she cooed, "how much have you given in to me over and over again?" John's thoughts of how frightened he should be kept slipping away as the euphoria he felt seeped into his entire body. "Yes baby," she hissed, "you're doing it again, you think it is me braking you over and over again," his hips started to gyrate with the sensations, "but the truth is you are already mine. You think it is new each time but I have already used your sexuality to make you beg to feel my pussy wrap around your cock. I have made you come for me with my feet, my hand, my mouth, and I have even raped your ass with a dildo." Suddenly he felt as the pressure of something like a finger sliding into his ass and putting pressure on his prostate. The sensation made his moans become whimpers as he felt his cock start to leak semen into his underwear. "That's it John," the voice continued ,"whimper for me," his cock twitched as the pressure on his prostate increased. 

"We are tied together my sweet. You are mine and every orgasm I take makes me stronger and leaves you my willing sex slave." He writhed in his chair as he felt his come being slowly milked out of him. "Oh I love taking it from you nice and slow like this, and you love it too John. You always come back to me and I always get what's mine. Don't I baby?" Through the pleasure John hardly noticed the nodding of his head, "yes I do. You love to give me what's mine to make me stronger. Oh make a mess in your pants for me baby...yessss that's right John." Thoughts would not stay in his head as the pleasure washed over and around him. His white knuckles revealed the amount of pressure his hands were exerting on the arms of his desk chair.

"More pleasure John," the waves seemed to increase, "oh you love it when you feel yourself falling to me. How far can you fall John? That is what haunts you. How far can you fall into this pleasure until finally you become a mindless, obedient slave to me, your own personal goddess." He felt himself slipping deeper than he ever had into the bliss. He needed the rush of the orgasm so he could come out the other side with a clear head. "Yes baby, today I am going to milk you dry and keep you down here with me. I am going to torture you with pleasure so you can make me stronger and stronger. You are mine John." Her voice seemed to grow stronger in his mind. A shadow coming forward to take shape. "You want me to deny your release John, you want me to keep you on edge like this," his head was pressed back against his chair and his breathing was getting deeper and heavier. "I've got you in the downward spiral now. We're going to go so deep today baby. So deep and so pliable. Through pleasure my words slip deeper inside."

He felt the spasms from the pressure on his prostate as his come slowly leaked from his cock into his pants. "Oh so humiliated by your goddess John, your pants stained with come, but the pleasure is all that matters. I can make you do anything when you're like this John. That is why I you have to stay here with me," the waves of pleasure kept tumbling over him as she kept whispering her words to him, " you are mine John, you cannot escape me and you don't want to John. You want the pleasure only I can give you...you want to listen to me tell you what I need you to do..."

John blinked his eyes open. His computer screen was dark, and it was two hours after he should have been in his car on his way home. He sat up in his chair and felt the dampness in his pants. He looked down and saw the wet spot on the outside of the leg of his slacks. Getting up he went to the bathroom and removed his soiled underwear and through them in the trash before trying to clean what mess he could off his pants. Returning to his office he closed out his computer and moved his way quickly to his car, hoping to god he did not run into anyone on the way. The lateness of the hour played into his favor and he was in his car driving home without seeing another soul.

On his way home John tried to reason out what had happened trying to assure himself schizophrenia was not the reason for his most recent experience. It seemed so real. Could it be something otherworldly? Some kind of demoness or spirit or something? He had never bought into such things before. Something one could not see, hear, touch, taste, or smell did not have any validity to it in his mind. However, this seemed to be something he both heard and now felt. The mind was a powerful thing. Schizophrenics believed they had actually met people that were merely a creation of their own mind, why could not that be the case now?

Should he see a psychiatrist? Should he talk to a priest? Some kind of spiritualist? One thing was for certain, he did not want to ignore this. He knew he needed to find help from somewhere.

His dreams were troubled again that night. These dreams however were not the same. There was a woman. He was asking for her help. She was pretty. Dark hair, pale skin and ample hips and bosom. Not the type he normally fantasized about, but she did have a bad girl kind of appeal. She wore a long dark dress. More than a few piercings with some partially concealed tattoos. Their conversation progressed. The dream moved swiftly from one place to the next, a café, a bookstore, and then a dark room that was illuminated by many candles that surrounded an inviting bed. John was wearing a loose t-shirt and underwear. The woman was still fully clothed, and John was having trouble concentrating on anything but how she aroused him. 

His cock was throbbing in his pants as the girl tried to get him to lay back on the bed. He moved to her, trying to wrap her in his arms and kiss her. She tried to pull away from him, but he held her firm. Turning her towards the bed he pushed hard into her with his body and they fell on the bed with him atop her, his lower body splitting her thighs. She begged him to stop, telling him to fight the urges but the lust burned through him like white hot fire. He reached under her dress and as he freed his cock pushed her panties to the side. Then he felt it, the warm wet comfort of her sex. She was almost crying now for him to please stop. All he knew was the pleasure of the sensation he felt in his cock. The feeling fueled the fire in him as he pumped in and out of her. She clawed at him and the pain only drove him more mad. He could feel his orgasm building up against the dam. Like the pull back of the ocean before the wave comes crashing down on the beach...

He sat up in his bed. The sheets were completely thrown off of him and he was covered in sweat. The dim light coming in through the blinds let him know that sunrise was not far off. He took a few deep breaths preparing himself for the new day when he felt something glide down his chest and over his still hard cock. The voice in his ear returned, "what's got my baby all worked up this morning?" the sensation moving over his cock caused his already aroused body to shiver. "Oh my baby needs relief," again he felt the pressure on his prostate which caused him to softly cry out, "so horny John, your balls are so tight and full of cum again," his cock was already twitching as the semen started slowly leaking out with each throb of his cock. He lay back in his bed writhing as she milked him. "From now on my sweet no orgasms unless I say," he felt his ass being stretched even more eliciting a cry of pain. "I will milk you over and over just like this," he tried to rise up but could not lift himself against the unseen force. 

"Yes baby, I am too strong for you too resist now. Soon enough you'll be naked on all fours, begging for me to milk you dry." The pulses in his cock were maddening. He felt the cum leaking out of him and the pleasure was intense but lacked the release a real orgasm gave him. "And I will John, I will milk you like this over and over again. I am training you to be the slave you have always fantasized about being," his mind was already a fog of pleasure. Her presence took away any bit of rationale he could muster. "Yes baby, so foggy and helpless to what Mistress is doing to you. Making you so happy to be mine. Taking you down so you can learn how to properly serve me...so much pleasure...pleasing me brings you more pleasure...your will crumbling against wave after wave of bliss...that's right...weak and helpless to my will...so much stronger than your will...you cannot say no to the pleasure...you cannot say no to me...my will overpowering you makes your cock hard...your will weak..."

He sat up in bed and again wondered if it was just another dream. The cum had seeped through his boxer briefs to such an extent he had to place his hands over the front of them as he got out of bed to keep from getting it all over the floor on his way to the bathroom. He quickly shaved and showered getting ready for work until he suddenly remembered it was Saturday. What was happening to him? He was even losing track of the days of the week? Help. He needed help.

Sitting at his computer desk he opened his email and started sorting through, deleting junk. Looking at new books to read from one of them until one title caught his eye, "Darkness Among Us: The trials of a modern exorcist". He started reading the synopsis about a woman who claimed to remove evil spirits from people who were mostly unaware they had them. Her name was Stephanie Thomas, she lived...well actually she lived only an hour away. He quickly searched her name and there were pictures...it was her. The girl he dreamed about. Was he really going nuts? He had to have seen her before somewhere and just forgot about her...right?

He went back to the book description and looked up more about her looking to find some way to contact her. Hell, if she said she dealt with evil spirits would she really think he was crazy? Finally he found a general email address and clicked on it. Not sure how specific to be he decided to leave out the dream and just tell her about feeling like he was being haunted by a strange woman. Maybe if he could get a response then he could at least get her to answer some questions without calling someone to have him committed. He began typing his message...