 This is a bit different from my other stories, mostly due to the POV. It was easier to describe things and harder to describe others, still kind of getting used to it so it might be kind of rough at some points. Anyways please leave feedback or any type of constructive criticism. It'll only help my writing and therefore allow me to get out better pieces for you guys to enjoy. Oh yea, there's sex in this so yea, enjoy. 

Also, everyone is over 18 and unrelated to real people and stuff. 

Dreamworld 

***** 

Prologue: 

They say dreams can last forever. I, being the cynic I proudly am, thought that was complete and utter bullshit. Then however, let's just say shit happened. One or two more than the recommended dosage of cough medicine, a pain killer here, a shot of whiskey there and I found out how true that saying was. I'm not a shitty person, don't get me wrong I've done my part to benefit society and all that but I'm not a saint either. I mean, I did what I had to do right? 

I went to school and then college, got myself a decent paying job that laid me off due to some worldly crisis out of my control. I picked myself up after a while and got a job at a fast food place to support my alcoholism and later my slight addiction to over the counter cough medicine. I dated a few girls in my life, jacked off to a couple more and dreamt about boning some celebrities while riding a meteor in space. All in all living the American dream I would say. My only problem in life was that my schedule was never something I could trust, apparently it's totally fine to change someone's shift a few hours before they start but hey I'm not complaining. 

Since I was young I was always under the impression that when one sleeps, they're teleported to a place where there are no rules. For simplicity purposes, and because I was a lazy as shit kid, I named that place Dreamworld. It was catchy, I was ten and I shouldn't be judged. Now, as to how I got stuck in this fucking place is a mystery I still haven't solved. What I was doing beforehand is yet another mystery that is on my not yet solved list. All I know is, the past should stay in the past or at least stay there until I remember it. So I'll start with how I found out I became a permanent resident, or possibly a citizen depending how immigration strict it is, in Dreamworld. 

Chapter 1: Life is but a dream 

I knew it was a dream because I was back in high school, the baggy jeans made it super obvious. Somehow I imagine everything in the correct time frame besides cell phones, for some reason my mind thinks that everybody had smartphones regardless of the era I chose to implant myself in. Anyways, the dream started like a normal dream. I woke up in bed like how I did in nearly all my dreams and fed my goldfish. Ironically, I never had a goldfish. I never had a pet in my life yet no matter where I picture myself, I somehow have a fucking goldfish. I don't even like goldfish. 

I wake up and take a nice, quiet stroll to my 1 bedroom apartment and I brush my teeth. It's funny how I never forget to brush my teeth in my dreams, if only habits could transfer over to reality. All in all, it was a regular run of the mill high school experience in which I for some twisted reason I have yet to figure out, just have to adhere to the facts. I'd be happy if I got to play a stereotype in this dream but nope, I needed to play the same loner who literally did nothing in school. How hard must one work to fall out of place in EVERY single category of high school social classes? 

I'm not going to bore myself with the retelling of the day since trust me, it was uneventful at best. Apart from attending every single class without participating, nothing really went on. I'm sure things were going on in other people's lives but that's not my point of view so I wouldn't know. Things got weird when the day ended because that's when I know I'm about to wake up. Always, without fail when school ends, I have this urge to pee and thus take a trip back to reality. This time however, it didn't happen. In fact, it went the exact opposite of routine. I went an entire week of high school, including chilling at home and sleeping. I wasn't phased because come on, time passing in a dream doesn't mean it's passing in real life. The panic started to take place when I felt pain, not like dream pain but like actual real life pain. 

One does not dream of stepping on a nail in real life but for some reason I just had to test my theory so I tried it. My reward was a nail stuck in my foot, agony beyond measure and the realization that I was not waking up. Usually when I felt any type of pain in my dream, I woke up. The intensity didn't even matter. I could be getting shot or pricked by a toothpick, the end result would be the same. I sat there for a full five minutes, I counted, for my brain to kick start my whatever process and tell whatever it needed to tell my body and initiate the wake up process. Once I knew it wasn't working I dialed 911, imagination would not fix the wound trust me I tried. Fast forward a month and I was still in the same fucking dream, this was when I started to have a panic attack. The usual thoughts to mind, well dream mind. First of if I was going to wake up or not and then more morbid thoughts about whether animals would mutilate my body. Somehow movies often tend to over exaggerate how long this lasts, after a few hours of wondering about my existence I cared next to nothing. It was like I used up all my life's worry reserves in a single sitting. 

I'm not going to lie I did start having a minor existential crisis sometime later on in that day but like before, it passed quite smoothly. The more I lingered in Dreamworld, the more it felt like reality. There's a certain innate ability we must all have that allows us to differentiate when we're in the real world. When I first entered Dreamworld, I knew it was dream because it actually felt like one. I couldn't feel pain and there really wasn't anything trying to fuck me. As the days piled on however, my mind or whatever cognitive functioning I had told me that what I was experiencing was reality. Things only got weirder after that, such as one day I looked out the window and saw a pig glide through the air and somehow become bacon strips the next instant. I should've realized that when days start out that trippy, shit will only get worse but it was shit early in the morning and I didn't mind the free bacon. 

Call me slow but it took me nearly two months, stuck in Dreamworld, to figure out that dreams were related to imagination. At first I was able to change small sectors of dream, like what color shirt I wanted to wear and whether I wanted to wear flip flops or sneakers. Trust me after wearing the same outfit day and day out for two months of straight Mondays, that was like winning the jackpot. It actually gave me a high and I wanted to change more shit, so I did. Fuck consequences and planning shit out right? After the wardrobe change, I switched up my breakfast. Instead of pancakes I had waffles, instead of orange juice I had soda. Soon I was changing the furniture in my living room, but then I realized I fucked up. 

Everything went black, I mean pitch black. I couldn't see anything, couldn't feel anything. I couldn't tell if it was hot or cold or if I was standing on something or not. I couldn't feel like carpet or the sofa that I was standing right in front a moment ago. It was like those cartoon moments where one only sees the character's eyes. I don't know how long the blackout lasted, it could've been seconds or hours. It wasn't like time was a constant in Dreamworld, one second it was morning and a minute later it could be midnight in the middle of December. Things got really freaky when I started voices from other people, I didn't recognize them and they were fairly faint but they were there. I couldn't recognize a single voice but I could tell they were in the same void as me, there was nothing to back up my theory other than a feeling of just knowing. 

I tried calling out to them but instead of getting a response the voices just disappeared, leaving me alone once again. I was half expecting some cosmic being to come out at this point to explain things but nobody came, I just remained there waiting patiently. I tried calling out again but the result was the same, nothing but silence. If I had a gun I would've shot myself right then and there, not out of fear but to see if I was still all there. As I lingered in the void, something in me decided to think of lights that turned on and off with a clap. There really wasn't a logical train of thought that lead me to it, I don't even think that my thoughts had a trail. As I thought more and more about the lights however, curiosity got the better of me and I just had to test it out. I'm pretty sure no one could've been as surprised and relieved as me when I was back in my living room. I tried clapping again to see if I would go into the darkness again, a stupid idea I know, but that theory didn't fare as well as the previous one. 

Before I got back to my bacon, egg and cheese sandwich I browsed through my phone like any addict would and gawked at the date. It was Tuesday, the 9th of September or better known as the first day of junior year. I knew it couldn't be right because I was living through every Monday of senior year for the past two months. What threw me off even more was the fact I was connected to the internet so the date had to be right but just to make sure I refreshed the settings a few times. Sadly the date didn't change and once again I was placed into a state of full blown confusion. My first thought was that maybe I had caused all this, possibly by altering the dream so much I had in essence just created a brand new dream from scratch. It was tempting to believe and was kind of the only theory I had so I believed it but hey at least time passed correctly now. 

I'm sure I wouldn't be blamed for not attempting to change more shit in the dream but, I did choose to change shit in the dream. I was tired of the boring and even though the void experience was nerve-racking, it was at the same time exhilarating. It was better than being the loner high school kid that does his homework and comes home to eat and sleep. Not to be cliché but that experience is what made me feel alive. Being able to change even the tiniest things gave me a sense of control, it allowed me to finally be something other than a backseat passenger. The training wheels were taken off and burned. A mere taste got me hooked on the power. 

They often say that imagination is limitless, well I say that they never stepped foot in Dreamworld. As I stepped outside to wreak havoc on the colors of nature, I noticed an odd silence in the building. It wasn't that the hallway was too quiet it was just that I didn't hear my neighbors arguing. I could've freaked out but I was embracing the optimistic world view and simply thought they had made up. The elevator ride was pretty weird since it didn't ring when it got to a floor, it was kind of a habit I had to count the beeps. Again I ignored the obvious signs of things being out of place and strolled on. I got three steps in before I had an abrupt breakup with optimism. Empty canvas suddenly made so much sense because that was exactly what I was looking at. 

Directly outside my front door was an eternity of white, it was my dream was still loading. I could've been brave and explored the land of nothingness but, fuck that. I didn't wait a full second before turning back and running up the stairs, even the elevator looked shady at that point. I made sure I locked the door and curled up under a blanket because it's a universal fact that the safest place in existence is under a blanket. I don't know if the drowsiness was induced or I just feared myself into sleep mode but regardless of the reason, my eyes were getting incredibly heavy. I tried to keep them open for as long as I could but one can't fight fate, sleep was bound to happen. 

I woke up feeling like I slept for an eternity, a quick check on my phone proved that I wasn't that far off. It was the same time that I went to sleep, the same day and the same date. The only thing that changed was the year, this time it threw me back two more years making me a freshman. I was sort of okay with it until I saw that the time wasn't changing, it was 21 seconds past 9 for the longest, the stopwatch app wouldn't even work. I don't know my reasoning but I would've been okay with that if that's all that was affected but seeing a pigeon on my windowsill frozen mid-takeoff was too freaky. I want to say that I wanted to get to the bottom of things and find out what was causing this phenomenon but my mind was racing in so many directions I didn't what the hell I wanted to do. 

Back when I first discovered Dreamworld, in other words when I first started dreaming, I was confronted with this miniature unicorn. It couldn't have been more than two feet tall. It was so unthreatening that even the horn was dull, the only way to get pierced by that is if you fall off a cliff and land on that. Moreover the unicorn was like a plush toy, as in the skin literally felt like it was a plush toy. I was a kid at the time so it was fucking amazing, I mean I was talking to a real life talking plush toy unicorn. I considered my life complete at the point but after the initial meeting I never encountered the fluffy animal again. After a while I just forgot about it. When I saw it on my bed, my immediate reaction was to punch it in the face. I don't condone animal violence but the motherfucker looked shady and I was already on edge, at least it learned not to sneak up on me like that. 

After the awkwardness phased out it finally spoke to me, it was slightly annoyed but it spoke to me nonetheless. "If you're done with your tantrum let's get down to the reason why you're here." I folded my hands as a show of respect and kept my mouth shut, I just nodded whenever he needed an answer. "As you know this is Dreamworld, what you witnessed was just a glitch. Sorry for the inconvenience, we were just updating some things and something went wrong but don't worry it's fixed now." 

I'm not going to lie, it was pretty trippy seeing a plush toy talk in a business sense. I had to do everything in my power to refrain from laughing. "The void thing right?" 

"Yes, everyone that was affected somehow got stuck in Dreamworld. That part we still haven't fixed so as compensation, everyone that's stuck in Dreamworld is given a dream to mold themselves." 

I seen a fair share of sci-fi movies in my lifetime and I wasn't stupid enough to think that I was the only person that dreamt so it made sense that Dreamworld was inhabited by other people as well. The only question I really had was why my dreams were so mundane and how was I just starting to control my dreams. Thankfully the fluffy beast had an answer to it all. 

"Yes that was also one of our priorities, some people weren't able to control their dreams only passively take part in them. That was the reason the update happened and thus the void. As compensation, you're allowed to alter reality to a certain extent. As in I shall give you three things of your choosing for your section of Dreamworld." 

"I can technically wish for three things that I want my dream to have? Like I can control it after that too?" 

"No." The lack of emotion that was behind that answer only made it hurt a thousand times more. "You get to decide what you want in your Dreamworld, like if you want to be mayor I'll allow that. If you want your Dreamworld to be a show I'll allow that. After you decided on three things, you'll be able to make decisions of your own free will but you cannot alter the fabric of reality in the dream. So you can't just conjure up dragons if you're the mayor of a town." 

"So I can give myself superpowers!?" I was like a kid in a candy store, hell if this was the reward of getting stuck I'd have gotten stuck in this place a long time ago. 

"Yes but..." 

I didn't let it finish as I knew exactly what I wanted, "I want superpowers!" 

"Let me finish you jackass." Having a stuffed animal curse at you, I found out, hurts a lot more. It's like they actually mean it. "You have to be specific. So what superpower you want, and if you want others to have superpowers that counts as two things so now go on. Remember one must be the setting of your Dreamworld." 

Of course, there had to be conditions. The last thing I would've associated Dreamworld with was corporations but I guess they manage to weasel in anywhere. "Fine, I'll do the setting first." 

"Oh wait, you're setting is already decided. So you can't change that. All you dreams had the same setting so it automatically chose it as default. You're a freshman in high school with modern day technology, congrats." 

"But, you said..." 

"Can we hurry this up? There's a lot more people patiently waiting." 

"I want to manipulate bodies as a superpower." I stated it flatly trying to mimic the apathy in it's voice. 

The beast, which was losing it's cuteness by the second, didn't wait a second before telling me that it was too vague. The best it could do was make it so I could alter some aspects of the human body. It pretty much made me into an all natural plastic surgeon. I wasn't going to cave however, so I played the victim card. I went on and on about my emotional suffering and the morality of the situation, it went on until the unicorn got annoyed. 

"Fine! The best I can do is give you some control over a human's body okay. So whatever the human can do naturally you can control it to an extent and before you open your mouth again, let me explain. The human body sweats so you can control the amount. Things like that. Use your brain for creativeness, I don't care as long as it doesn't interfere with another person's Dreamworld. Now I'll even give you knowledge on how to use it as long as you keep it short and speed this up." 

To be honest I actually felt a bit accomplished making it get worked up like that, gave me a sense of power of it. I didn't let that get to my head however and quickly agreed to his terms. "Okay next, I want money." 

"I can only give you a certain amount of funds and it's one time only. A recurring amount will nullify your other want." I let out a long sigh and gave him what he wanted, ten million dollars in an account seemed like a good deal. It wasn't like I was going to run out of that anytime soon. "Done, now enjoy your dream. When you wake up, everything will be in effect. Now have a nice nap." 

Before I could even inquire about my last want my eyes started feeling heavy again. I could've swore I saw him laugh before flying out the window. It took a while but I did manage to get up. It's weird that in Dreamworld, when you go sleep you don't remember anything. I'm not even sure if you engage in the activity of dreaming. One second you close your eyes and the next second you open them but you're aware of the time that passed between as well. It's an utterly confusing phenomenon and without a doubt a product of a madman. 

I woke up under the impression that I would be asleep for a decade or two, that's exactly what it felt like. I was still in my scrawny little high school body but it felt like I was asleep in the same position for years upon years. I could feel the numbness in my lower back and sides, my body was not happy with me. I took a deep breath and then paced them to get ready for the pain that I was about to experience when I got up, fortunately that didn't happen. As soon as I got up, my body was practically in mint condition. The numbness just disappeared and despite it being early in the morning, I was fully energized. 

I wasn't complaining, not in the least, but it was odd. I didn't want the pain to come back it just threw me off a little, I thought about it for a few moments and when I couldn't find an answer I went to brush my teeth. It was the usual, slightly yellow from all the coffee and occasional forgetfulness and laziness. Surprisingly, no matter how many times I brushed in my dream they would stay the same. That's what I decided to change first, there really wasn't a reason behind it other than the fact that it popped into my mind first. I thought of my teeth becoming white and in a few seconds they did, I was giddy with excitement. Now that the unicorn wasn't lying, I decided to sculpt myself into the image of my dreams. 
