 Copyright 2004, All rights reserved

This is a spin-off from the story of Karen and her grandmother's Ring, as  described in other files in Literotica. Several readers have asked the  writer to report on what became of Hans, the 24-year-old German tourist  and Katherine, his 19-year-old former neighbor. As readers of the Zephyr  series will recall, they were separately on their way to ski vacations at  Winter Park, when they were brought together by a coincidence-- or did it  grow out of magic?

The information here was assembled by myself, from later contacts with the  people involved, and I have written it from my notes. Therefore, I  apologize for the way that the point of view and tenses keep shifting  around.

- Professor Richard W. (formerly of ____________ ) 

Katherine and Hans were in the lower level of Sophia's coach. The German  students had found one of the coach doorway windows open, and were  un-Germanically breaking the rules by riding in the entry vestibule,  enjoying the racket and a cold, fresh breeze. As they embraced, they did  not see Richard and Sophia pass [see ZEPHYR]. Hans' arms held tight  to his hometown discovery. He caressed her bottom, as her soft lips played  music over his mouth. Richard and Sophia kept going, but the thought  occurred to them that it was a good thing that the young couple was so  near the well-upholstered unisex dressing room.

That thought had not yet occurred to Hans. He and Katherine were so  preoccupied with catching up on old times, combined with the lust that had  snared them, that he had not planned ahead. Methodical in nature, he had  always tried to anticipate needs, even with sex. His girlfriend in the  university had learned that he would always be ready with a condom, that  he bought the appropriate flowers, had arranged for his roommate to be  gone when she came back to his place, etc. He always called the next  morning, like clockwork.

Katherine was enjoying her older neighbor's caresses too much to plan  ahead. She had watched him growing up, and had been frustrated by being  apparently doomed to lag behind him.

Once, unknown to Hans, she had heard giggling behind the wall of his  Zehlendorf home's garden, while his parents were off in Mallorca. She had  stepped like one of Karl May's Indians over to the low chink in the  bricks, where she knelt and peeked through from her yard.

She had watched as Hans and that Elisabeth had laughed and talked  together. They were sharing a Weisse out of a big glass. The blonde,  intelligent-looking Elisabeth seemed to be an English-speaker, perhaps an  American student. Hans was switching back and forth between German and  English with her.

Elisabeth took off her sunglasses, revealing sparkling blue eyes. She  looked cute without the glasses on. Katherine was disgusted.  When Elisabeth's back was turned, she saw how Hans had circumspectly  pulled a wrapped condom from his pants' pocket, checked it and replaced it  carefully, to be as organized as possible. She had seen how they embraced  and then walked into the house, arm in arm, laughing and kissing.

Katherine had rushed to her room. From her window, she could see Hans'  house. In her mind, she visualized what was happening. She locked her  door, in case Mutti came by. Mutti surely wouldn't understand! Picturing  Hans, and blotting out the foreigner, she imagined undressing him. In her  T-shirt and shorts, her hand imitated what she thought his was doing,  stroking, caressing. When she touched herself, she found that her  moistness allowed her fingers to create an exciting sensation.

Now Hans was in Katherine's arms. And she felt his excitement growing as  he held her against the bulkhead. The vibration of the train rumbled  through them. She found herself hoping for more than his kisses. Ever  since that scene in the garden, and the many days and nights that had  followed in her bedroom, she had yearned to possess golden Hans.

At that instant, their near-violent passion in the vestibule was cut short  by the voice of authority. 

"Ahemmmm." It was the Zugfuhrer, they both realized.

"You can't stay here. Safety rules." The conductor wondered if they  understood him, as they stood rooted to the spot.

Drawing on 20-year-ancient GI German, he told them in his best version of  the bahnpolizei:

"Hier sie kann nicht stand. Das ist eine sicherheitsordnung!"

Actually, they understood his English perfectly, but it was their  circumstances that slowed their response to his order.

"Where can we go?" Katherine asked.

"Hmmmmmmmmm." The conductor was amused; he hadn't been young so long ago.  Scraping together some more German, he advised, "Moeglich den  ankleidungszimmer?" He gestured toward the restrooms.

Katherine made a face, but Hans remembered something.

"Yes!" he said. One room there was a changing room, it had carpeted walls,  no windows, a small bench along one side, and clothing hooks. And it  latched from inside.

With a twinkle in his eye, the conductor left the vestibule and headed  upstairs, not wanting to know what happened next.

Hans embraced Katherine with renewed gusto, and whispered in her ear.  (Actually , he shouted over the noise, but his manner suggested a  whisper.) They rushed into the corridor, reading the signs on the door of  each cabin.

Now, dear reader, if you read the long story of Karen in the "Zephyr"  series, you will recall that there was a couple underneath a beach blanket  in the coach section of the train, too.

They were students headed back to Hastings College, doomed to get off in  that small town in the middle of the night. More interestingly, only one  was the white-bread American you might expect. Yes, Jack was an Iowan,  from an Ida Grove family. His dad worked in the heavy machinery factory  there. His friend, however, was from Nimes, far off in France (in more  ways than just geography). Marie was from a family not much different than  his, but her Frenchness made her seem exotic to him. He knew middle  American girls as well as anyone his age, but he did not know quite how to  approach Marie.

Under the beach blanket, they had snuggled for some shut-eye. They were on  their way back from a speech meet in Wheaton, where she had noticed that  he had more than a slim frame and strong hands, when the team he captained  took a blue ribbon in debate. She knew that he had gone out a lot with  another student named Maribeth, and the rumor was that they had been  intimate. Now, however, Maribeth seemed to have faded away.

Marie had enjoyed the effect that the night's closeness had on Jack. She  had pretended to sleep, while letting his accidental touch grow into  tentative explorations. They were already on good terms, but she wondered  how far he would go.

Just the thought of her being French was a turn-on to Jack. His mom sure  wouldn't approve. Her perfume was perfect-- his mom probably would have  thought it too expensive. Probably, he mused, under the sweatshirt and  jeans Marie was wearing lacy, tautly-stretched lingerie from some  expensive label.

He did not realize that Marie was beginning to think of how strong this  American was, and that she was wondering if the things that she had heard  about American lovers were true. Would he be too fast, too rough in bed,  but tender and generous? Just having a cheeseburger and a milkshake with  him that noon had made her feel like a character in a Hollywood film.

The night before, the whole team had gone out to a Chinese dinner, her  first ever. There had been fortune cookies afterwards, also just like the  movies. And, as in the movies, they had all read their fortunes aloud. Her  cookie had been accidentally stuffed with many slips of paper, all  cryptically suggesting that "a ring will bring you great pleasure." 

Everyone had assumed that it meant a wedding ring, and they teased her  about that.

Jack's had only the expected single slip of paper. It simply read that  "you are closer than you think." Someone suggested that referred to their  chance for a blue ribbon in the morning awards ceremony.

Jack began to realize that she was only pretending to be asleep. Realizing  that she must have been enjoying his touch only turned him on more. His  fingers found her bra, and he traced the outline not of lace, but of some  smooth material.

Certainly, he thought back, it wasn't the cotton and synthetics of  Maribeth Williams' bra. He had worried that she would slap him, the first  time he had ever gone for it. Instead, it turned out that the real danger  was that it would grab his hand in its elastic snare and turn his  attempted tenderness into evil groping. This was compounded by his  suspicion that Maribeth did not really feel comfortable with herself.

Maribeth's looks were great, and with his appetite, it had been easy to  slip on a condom and have sex with her. But somehow it was an unjoyous  struggle each time. It had not brought them closer together. She was just  doing it because it was the thing for them to do.

Here was gentle softness; Marie had chosen the bra for comfort on the  trip. His fingers moved upward to her nipple, and found that it was  already erect. Smoothly, he moved to the other, and it was waiting for his  touch.

Marie pretended to awake and be startled. Jack pretended to be equally  shocked.

"I must have gotten carried away there..." he whispered. Marie grinned and  pulled his hand back to her breast.

"Touch me again. That felt good." She looked at him very directly, and he  felt an electric jolt go through his system. He shifted his legs under the  blanket as his sex asserted itself. He had never had a date tell him that  so sweetly. The French accent was the finishing touch.

Jack grinned, a big American grin, Marie thought. He leaned over and  kissed her, tentatively, then more deeply. His lips were firm on hers, but  he did not force the kiss. She trembled with excitement as she felt his  steady strength in their kiss and their embrace. The trans-Atlantic move,  the strange university system, new people, had made it easy to say "non"  to sex. In fact, she admitted to herself, it had made it hard to find  anyone proper to ask her!

She had not realized till now how hungry she had gradually become to once  again enjoy a man's touch. She longed for the excitement of preparing this  slim young man with the interesting ways for herself. As the Zephyr rolled  through the night, their caresses became more intimate.

Jack loved the moment when his fingers slid under her waistband. He felt  her tummy pull in beneath his hand, as she eased the way into her tight  curls. He found her warm and moist, every nerve end waiting for his firm  touch. Forced into mutual silence by the situation, their other senses  seemed to become more acute, and her reactions guided him. A rush of her  scent enveloped them, telling him to go on.

He forced himself to keep his eyes open, when he wanted to close them in  passion. Her amber eyes did not signal "caution." They invited him  knowingly, urged him onward, as he watched her reaction to his  explorations and responded accordingly.

"What if she tries to take me all the way right here?" Jack suddenly found  himself wondering. Marie's hand had slipped to the hard mound in his  pants, and was circling her prey. He had not thought to bring a condom in  his overnight bag, or Kleenex, or any other comfortable way of preventing  a mess under this blanket. This was beyond wonderful, but it couldn't be  allowed to go on.

Taking a deep breath, and leaning close to Marie's ear, he whispered his  concern.

"Marie, this is wonderfulllll..." he started to speak, but had to take a  deep breath as she cupped his balls. "But it's too much." He never thought  that he would have said that.

"I can swing things so my roommate will be away, and we can go to my place  tomorrow....." he sighed as her fingers traced the line of his swelling.  Marie shook her head anxiously.

"No, I want you now. We can't wait till tomorrow."

"Why can't we wait? It'll be nicer on a bed, together." Jack amazed  himself. He wondered if she just wanted to have him come right there, as  some sort of sick joke. He had heard of that.

"Tomorrow will be too late." Marie whispered to him in a tone of intense  urgency.

"Too late?"

"Yes, don't you remember-- I'm a Catholic."

"It isn't Sunday tomorrow, is it? I've lost track...."

Marie laughed.

"No, I'm a Catholic, I use the rhythm method!"

Jack's jaw dropped.

"You mean we're doing this by the calendar?" he blurted out. But then he  realized the possibilities, that they would experience the uncommon joy of  no condom!

She kissed him before he could ask another question; it was a long,  longing kiss. She wanted him inside herself, and she did not want to wait  for days.

Jack's whole frame of reference was thrown off kilter by this information,  and the information that he was receiving from his own body. As her French  french kiss unfolded around him, his body tipped him that it was ready. 

They could talk all they wanted to, they could agree to put it off till  another month, but just in case, he was ready for her NOW.

Jack looked around. The lighting in the car was dimmed, and it looked like  everyone else was trying to sleep. But every so often, someone walked by,  like that older couple with the bags a few minutes ago. They were moving  back to the sleepers. But he couldn't come up with the cash for that.  Marie conformed to the practical stereotype of her countrywomen. She had a  solution.

"Just as the fortune cookie said," she whispered. "You are closer than you  think. There's a changing room downstairs."

"You mean the restrooms?" Jack's eyes grew big.

"No, silly!" Marie explained how earlier she had discovered that one of  the rooms had carpeted walls and a carpeted bench in it. And a door that  locked from the inside. And mirrors, she added, licking her lips.

"Then we'll do it!" Jack almost raised his voice. Marie felt a thrill at  the positive attitude. They kissed, and then straightened themselves up,  folded the blanket, and headed for the stairs. Ever practical, she grabbed  up the blanket at the last minute, thinking it might smooth things out.  It was an exciting rush down the spiral staircase, but he stopped her,  letting her collide with him against the bulkhead. They embraced, a long,  tender moment of last innocence together, and then they moved hand in hand  toward the little room. Marie crossed herself.

Hans und Katherine, Jack et Marie, the four lovers-in-waiting arrived at  the changing room at the same time. It would be difficult to describe all  the expressions on their faces, as there were not four, but perhaps eight  or twelve.

Imagine if you will that they were caught by a photographer: Hans, the  oldest, the exciting stories of his travels showing in his sparkling eyes  and bold look, definitely in shape for the Colorado ski trip; Katherine,  the handsome, young blonde, beside him, her low-neck T-shirt giving a  wonderful view of well-shaped breasts, unfettered by any bra, so fresh and  full of energy, her freckles highlighted by the tan which she had acquired  in some outdoor recreation, her big curves instantly commanding the  attention of men-- and women; Marie, with auburn hair, tinged with a red  that hinted of the fire inside, and with a look of determination on her  round face; Jack, size 30 waist for his trimly-cut jeans, could have been  any Iowa college kid who was used to being in charge of things. All of  them glowing with excitement.

The quartet looked at each other in amazement as it dawned on each couple  that the other couple was just as clever as they.

Hans, as the eldest, spoke first.

"The conductor told us that we should use this room." That was not  precisely it, but an appeal to authority seemed appropriate.

Jack, hearing the accent, immediately bristled.

"Hey, whose taxes pay for this train, anyway! This is a free country, you  don't have any reservation on this room." His hormones told him that this  would have to be solved quickly.

Marie's quick eyes spotted Jack's fist clenching reflexively at his side.  That was not the muscle that she wanted exercised; she had to think fast!

Katherine felt a dark cloud passing over her. Through an amazing  coincidence, her dream Hans was within her reach, and now he was going to  be taken from her by a silly couple who did not understand how they  intruded on this time of urgent sharing. There must be some solution! It  was impossible to consider otherwise.

The two women looked at each other, and then at each other's man. Broad  smiles came to their faces, as the men glared at each other. Each of them  was ready to risk anything in their hunger. Marie spoke first.

"Let's work this out. We all know what we're here for." The men turned to  her with quizzical looks. Katherine stepped to her side.

"Yes," Katherine chimed in, looking at Hans, "this French woman is right.  There must be a solution." The train lurched on a soft spot in the roadbed  as she spoke, giving her voice an even more earnest note, as she balanced  herself by grabbing Marie's arm. Jack realized that he enjoyed the way her  breasts had moved under her T-shirt.

Hans remained silent for a moment, thinking, but he could not focus. His  thoughts were distracted by the sensuous way in which Marie had taken the  violent yaw of the railway car. Nothing could shake this woman, he  realized.

Jack, too, was silent. A picture was beginning to form in his mind; it was  one that he had seen when he was 14 in an old issue of Playboy. After the  fashion camera session, according to the photo layout, the models, two men  and two women, had felt hot and sweaty. Of course, the natural thing to do  was for them to throw off all their clothes, and jump into the ocean  together. Then in the last frame, they were paired off, embracing, another  natural thing to do. It was not clear as to what the photographer had done  at that point. Her name was Bonnie something, as he recalled.

This whole stream of consciousness zipped through Jack's head in less time  than it takes to tell it. He remembered that it seemed amazingly sexy, but  he was enough of a Middle American to suspect that maybe things like that  did not happen in real life.

And now here they were. Jack spoke.

"We'll all fit into that room. I'm going to be concentrating on Marie  here, I don't care what you guys do. It's a free country."

"I'm Hans, and this is my friend, Katherine," the rugged German said. He  held out a hand to shake with Jack. They had not been properly introduced.

"I'm Jack, and this is my teammate Marie; she's French, but we go to  college together."

Marie felt the wheels of the train clicking toward Hastings, and her  biological calendar coming to a new page. Jack's idea was the one that she  had been arriving at.

"Let's not talk now," she urged. Katherine nodded agreement.

Awkwardly, they filed into the room. Hans locked the door behind them, and  having done so, found himself closest to the small bench. It was rather  crowded in the room, he thought, but it was too exciting to worry about  that.

In some ways, it was like setting up camp for the night. Marie tossed the  blanket over the washbasin counter's square edge, and straightened it as  best she could. Jack watched her motions with interest and jealous  protectiveness, but found himself sneaking a glance over her shoulder into  the mirror behind.

In it, he saw Hans and Katherine returning to their embrace, with his  hands slipping up under her T-shirt. Her nipples were pressing hard  outwards against the cotton, and then their shape disappeared as his hands  slipped over her.

"Reach for the sky!" Hans did his best imitation of a Western gunman's  command. Katherine raised her arms in the air in mock arrest, allowing him  to slip the T-shirt off over her head. She let her arms sway back in the  air a bit, which brought her generous breasts forward to his lips; Hans  kissed her, and then guided her onto his lap as he sat down on the little  bench. She worked nimbly at his shirt buttons as he caressed her.  Marie saw all this herself as she turned to embrace Jack. His burgeoning  manhood strained against his jeans as they pressed themselves against each  other. Marie realized that this was meant for her, but she had caught  Jack's attention slipping to the mirror.
