 Copyright 2004, All rights reserved

Hans und Katherine

Continuing a spin-off from the story of Karen and her grandmother's apparently magic ring, as described in the files in Literotica.

Katherine leaned back toward Hans, and he held her to his chest; they embraced with renewed passion.

Now she felt his rugged strength within her. He moved effortlessly through her in their mingled fluid, slipping in to touch her deepest place, then gliding out. She caught his rhythm and began to roll her hips over him at his pace.

Attentive, aware, he felt her excitement building, and imperceptibly he let her take the lead. Her energy flowed around him-- came forward to him as she touched her hardened nipples to him, came to his lips in her hungry kisses. Then she leaned back in his arms, rocking with the motion of the train, eyeing him with what seemed to him to be a mixture of wonder and lust. Her movements changed his contact with her in ways that brought new sensations to both of them. They reveled in their new discoveries.

Katherine leaned back again and again, and each time caught her reflection mirrored an infinity of times on the side wall mirrors. She felt a burst of enjoyment in what she half-saw, her body rippling rhythmically, moving with Hans. She drew pleasure from seeing the intimate celebration of their love, and felt the energy within herself spiraling into space. Now it was more difficult for him to keep his eyes open and fixed on her. His body demanded that he concentrate on being inside her, insisted that he focus on the fluttering pulses that now cajoled him, caressed him, entreated him.

The energy within her became the source of a low moan, soft at first, then growing in its intensity. Through half-open eyes, he saw her own eyes closing, her pink nipples straining forward for more kisses, her muscles rippling in now naked power as she forced the hard proudness of her clitoris forward to match each of his thrusts.

He tried to remember the lessons that he had studied, had practiced, using his strength to hold back as her voice rose, but now her moan was interrupted by her words-- urgent words.

"Hans...." she struggled to get the words out. "Yes...... now..... Now!"

He responded with a whisper in her ear, he thought, but actually it must have been rather loud. She felt his "yes" go through her, resonating in her as the spiral continued, her deep breaths cutting into her moan.

Joyfully, he pushed to her center, held himself there, felt the absolute need encircling him, and then let himself go-- abandoned himself to her. He visualized the stream, this time purely prepared for her, welling up within him. It was a good feeling.

She sensed it coming, visualized its rush up his shaft, and held him tightly as it flooded deep into her. Her moan broke into a musically pitched note of ecstasy. He continued to move within her, now so easily, taking the trailing sensations from her.

Snug he was within her, and she held him for as long as she could, discovering the lingering sweetness of milking him, taking every drop of fluid offered. His eyes were open again, and he was again looking at each part of her with loving curiousity.

She blushed. An observer might not have noticed that on her glowing skin, but Hans felt the renewed sweep of warmth over her face and down her chest. He smiled and teased her gently about her sudden shyness.

Suddenly she realized that this position was a little awkward, and that it must be tiring for Hans, too. How had they been able to do this? She grinned at the thought, and when he asked why, they both laughed when she told him what had occurred to her.

Carefully, steadied by Hans against the sway of the railway car, she swung herself off of him. As Jack and Marie had before them, they found themselves helping each other to find their clothes. They too found that just one last kiss at each step of the way only led to the need for more kisses. They grinned foolishly at each other, took chances to tickle each other, and then embraced for a very long time.

A rasping noise brought them back to reality. Someone was trying the latch. They heard a voice outside, disappointed to find the room occupied. "I thought I got up early enough....." the voice trailed off as it headed for another room. Hans found his watch. It was already 5:00 a.m., in Central Time. Somehow most of the night had gone. Hans wondered if they were even in the Central Time zone any longer.

He teased her about this as she pulled on her jeans, enjoying the way that she stopped mid-tug to theatrically sigh when he pointed out that she was so lovely that she had caused him to lose track of both time and space. He had no idea where their train was by now.

Half-in and half-out of her clothing, she stood in his embrace, taking the impression of him in her relaxed body, whispering that she would always have this moment in her memories. A tiny tear crossed her cheek, a tear of happiness. He brushed it gently away.

A few moments later, and they were back at her seat in the upper level rows. Sleeping passengers sprawled in every direction, but fortunately her seatmate had alighted at Holdredge in the Nebraska night. Hans moved his things to join her.

For a while they drowsed together, finding that each was stealing love-looks at the other through sleep-hunted eyes, and then they were hard asleep.

The conductor walked silently by them in the darkened aisle, and stopped abruptly to check their seating (Hans had forgotten to move his "hat check" boarding pass). Looking closer, the train's "captain" recognized them as the couple from the vestibule. Walking back to Hans' former seat, he plucked the boarding pass from its clip, and placed it over the sleeping lovers. He looked at them again for a moment, and then his radio squawked in his earpiece. A circuit breaker was popping out up ahead in the crew dorm. The head-end trainman wondered if he knew what to do about it. He moved on from the mysterious to the mundane.

In the morning, the train was rolling through the short-grass prairie near Fort Morgan. Eventually, someone in the coaches noticed that the clouds on the horizon had become the snowcapped Front Range. Eyes strained westward, and a mood of anticipation swept the train. Crowds lined up for breakfast in the diner.

The sleepy couple from Berlin-Zehlendorf struggled into wakefulness. Two pairs of city-trained eyes swept across the prairie vastness, struggling to find a point of reference in the rolling panorama that could catch their attention.

An American businessman returning from a conference in Lincoln told them that they had slept through a land settled by a large number of people with German ancestry. They had trouble believing that. This did not look like a home for the people that they knew. Hans and Katherine looked at each other with knowing smiles... knowing that they had not slept through that land, they had certainly been awake! The struggles of their pioneer relatives had not been the struggles most on their mind.

What interested them and many others on this train was that ahead lay a chain of tunnels strung on the necklace of the Moffat Tunnel rail line, draped over the Front Range. Left behind in the night, Lincoln and Omaha were blurry memories even for the passengers who had not been as preoccupied as the lovers.

They chatted slowly with this man who was trying to be helpful. Slowly so that they could follow his information, and slowly because every muscle in their bodies called for more sleep!

Then they drowsed some more, on into Denver. The conductor announced the lengthy servicing stop, and many other passengers who were heading through the Mile High City grabbed their coats or sweaters and headed for the thin outdoor air. Hans and Katherine drowsed yet more, their bodies comfortably draped over each other.

Beautiful images of circles revolved in Katherine's dreams. They seemed to tumble over each other, linked onward into infinity, coming out of somewhere ancient. In her dream, she tried to make sense of them, but found her mind deliciously unfocused. Hans was somewhere there, and the French couple, and others not well-defined. One of them was tugging at her....

"Katherine! Wake up!" Hans was grinning as he gently touched her elbow to awaken her.

"I want you to meet someone!" he insisted.

With blinking eyes, she focused on an older couple standing in front of them in the aisle of the otherwise empty coach. Then she remembered-- these were two of the people who Hans was with last night in the dining car.

Karen and Cam had come through the coach on the way from their sleeper up to the glass-top lounge car, after saying goodbye to their new friends [Richard W. and Sophia] in the station.

"If you guys get a move-on, you can join us up there for the mountain scenery. It's hard to get a seat in the lounge unless you go now," Cam emphasized.

Karen nodded agreement, as she looked down somewhat tenderly at the couple. She found herself fingering the ring that her grandmother had given her, wondering again whether its seemingly magic power had anything to do with this couple's obvious bliss. She realized that she was concentrating on the thought of them joining Cam and herself in the lounge. She wanted to hear their stories.

Somehow hunger was uppermost in Hans' and Katherine's minds now. They could get food in the lounge car... at least a pastry and some coffee.

"Yes. We will come!" Katherine found herself saying.

Not long afterward, they found themselves seated in the lounge alongside Karen and Cam. Something about the train made them feel that they were old friends.

They shared information about what on-liners would call their "real" life off the train. Cam was a jewelry firm executive. Karen worked in an office of some sort in San Francisco... the "City" she kept calling it. Hans and Katherine told about their now mutual plans for skiing and fun in Winter Park, the next stop.

The long, silver snake of the California Zephyr circled upward slowly into the mountains. The conversation of the two couples drifted gently from topic to topic. It was all so perfectly relaxing, but Katherine realized something. Hans continually avoided answering any question which would lead to revealing what his job was. She remembered that he had been going to law school. But now what was he doing?

Was there a dark secret that he was hiding? He had said things that made it sound as if he was a student, and then things that referred to his work. She had shared herself so completely with him... he had seemed so open. She had to know, she had to know now!

The conversation drifted into silence for a moment-- flashed into life again as a deer darted past the train-- and then silence again. Katherine felt so complete with Hans, so complete for now except for the answer to one question.

"I have a question for you, Hans," she stated, looking him directly in the eyes. She felt braver with him now than she ever had in their younger days. Perhaps it was just being a bit older, and perhaps it was their new intimacy.

Cam did not notice the tone in her voice, but Karen did. She found herself fingering her ring anxiously, sympathizing with Katherine's desire for an answer that brought down barriers.

"What is your profession now?" Katherine asked in German.

Hans blushed. For a moment, it looked as though he would evade answering, and then he approached the question directly.

"I am a law clerk," he replied, and then lowered his head sheepishly. "I work in the Bavarian State Prosecutor's office."

Katherine drew in her breath. The wheels were turning in Karen's head, too. Cam looked to each.

"Is there something I'm missing here?" he queried. Involvement in his business dealings had kept him away from the news.

"And what projects do you work on in that office?" Karen asked. A broad smile was growing across her face. Katherine said nothing-- she was thinking about all of the events of the night past.

"It's my responsibility to review the material in on-line services, looking for pornography." Hans resorted to the bureaucratic formulation to get the words out. His face showed a combination of his desire to laugh out loud and to duck under a seat.

Katherine felt the same mixture of thrill and concern that she had first felt when she recognized his sexual skill, except it was in a kind of reverse mode now- concern and then thrill. And the dark secret that she had begun to suspect turned out to be just the sort of silly task at work given to the newest staff member. She could easily imagine the older lawyers chortling as they assigned the young bachelor to spend his hours slaving away at a computer terminal, reading about other people having sex.

"So your knowledge doesn't come from countless experiences, eh?" Katherine grinned.

Hans shuffled his feet.

"Not necessarily." He blushed again, glancing at Karen and Cam. "But it's good to put it into practice now and then!"

"Gee, that's how I used to feel some days in the diamond business," Cam laughed. "I started as a salesman, and I'd spend all day working with couples who were just engaged, or guys buying diamonds for the girlfriends standing there with them. I'd go out of the store at the end of the day really pumped up!"

Hans admitted that this was exactly how he felt after a long day of looking for something sexy that was legally actionable. His bosses were not after the obviously evil-- they wanted something splashy and easy to get at.

Karen closed the topic by pointing out that that the Zephyr's cars would be sealed up against the fumes in the long Moffat Tunnel. Hans and Katherine would best get back to their car before it was closed off, as the train's emergence on the other side of the tunnel would quickly bring them to their stop.

Farewells were said, invitations to visit were extended, and more hugs were given than in an HSX (Human Sexuality Forum) conference.

Katherine and Hans walked down the aisle of the glass-topped lounge as another short tunnel closed in on them. Hans turned back for a last wave, and saw Karen and Cam watching their passage through the doorway and out of the car. Karen held up her hand with the ring, touching it to bring Hans' attention to it.

He smiled in acknowledgement, pausing to sense the surge of power through his body as it focused down to renew his manhood. Then he turned to follow Katherine's athletic figure through the aisles and corridors of the Superliner. He alone saw the jolt as she received a parting shot of the ring's power, and it was easy now to imagine the warm fire rebuilding deep within her. It was enjoyable, too, watching the turning faces in the coaches, as men enjoyed and women interpreted the beauty of this couple. 

She would be a good skier, he thought, and there would be many nights in Winter Park ahead. Somehow Karen and her ring had brought them together, but now they would make their own magic in the time ahead.