 Hey everyone,

I have new chapter of the adventures of the drifter. I really hope you like it.

Comments, are always highly appreciated.

*****

1.

The bleached haired girl was sitting in a very large sofa on the other side of the lobby. It had been a few years since we had parted ways and I strangely felt relieved to see her alive and well. I walked past the reception desk and went straight to her. She smiled as I sat in the chair facing her.

"It's been a while," she said.

Refusing to enter such a trivial conversation I kept on staring at her. She looked magnificent; she wore her tight evening dress like a second skin, it adopted her curves in the most sensual way. She seemed to be blossoming in the splendor of our common condition.

She was my child but in the light of past events I had come to realize that I was definitely not a family man. I was a loner and a dangerous one. Anyone that had stayed in my vicinity for too long had died a terrible death.

A waitress approached the table and offered us the menu. I discarded her with a hand wave but the bleached haired girl asked her to bring us a bottle of Champagne to the suite she was renting. She winked at me. I had to admit that I was quite starving, my last lunch had been at least a week before and I was starting to lose focus. I followed the former whore to the elevator.

The doors closed behind us leaving us alone in the large glass cage that elevated above the well-lit lobby of the Copacabana Hilton. The view on the Rio bay was breathtaking. The remnants of the carnival were still rotting in the streets and the night was relatively fresh for the beginning of the summer. 

The bleached haired girl treated herself well. The suite, if not the most expensive of the hotel, was nonetheless of outrageous luxury, furnished in old and precious wood, filled with golden ornaments and paved in the most sophisticated marble from Italy. She took me to the bathroom and poured a hot bath in the gigantic Jacuzzi. Without a word she helped me undress and left me to relax to meet the waitress at the door. The burning water tickling against my skin, I slipped into the bath. I had to admit that it felt good. Almost too good...

The bleached haired girl came back with the waitress. She had forced her to take off her uniform, allowing her to keep only her elegant red laced underwear. I extended an inviting hand to our victim. Now completely subjugated by my child she got into the bubbly bath willingly. I made her seat on my lap and with no further delay, pushing her curly long hair to a side, I stroke. Her blood was rich, full of sun and youth.

I took only my share and pushed her away. Her eyes were bathed in delight. The bleached haired girl, now naked, had joined us. A hand on my dick, she bit the waitress too and started stroking me. I relaxed and closed my eyes. I could feel my pleasure build up as the waitress slowly fainted into death. It had been a long time since I had allowed myself to let go. I shouldn't have.

2.

After Cuba, the bleached haired girl and I had travelled the States for a while. It had been a pleasant time, we would settle in some small town, drain it of its riches before moving on. But soon I had grown tired of the company. One evening I had woken up to find the little house we had been living in with no trace of her. My new child had left. She had written me a note explaining that she needed to sort a few things out and that our paths might cross again in the future. I had burned the house down leaving the family we had used as a front to die in their beds. With no regrets I had arranged for a couple of sets of fake papers and I had taken a trip towards the war torn Middle East. 

In the next few years I had sold my talents to the best bidder, becoming a legend in the underworld community. I had worked for all sides, eliminating one day the allies of the day before. If you wanted some troublesome general killed, if you wanted a mouthy Emir taken out of the pictures, if you wanted a kidnap victim released, if you wanted a crunchy scandal to go away and that you had the means I would find you and we would do business together. I had slowly but surely built up an immense fortune. 

But, once again, after a while the lack of real opposition had started to bore me. I needed a cause, something to fight for, maybe even something to die for.

3.

I had left the hotel into the darkest hours of the night to reach one of my safe houses in Rio. After killing the waitress our little party had continued taking a terrible toll on both the hotel staff and the guests but the bleached haired girl had promised to take care of it. The excess of sex and blood made me numb and I only noticed the woman following me just before entering the subway. I circled around the evening crowd of partygoers and beggars to position myself behind her; staying out of sight I started following her myself. 

Having lost my track, she first panicked but soon, after a quick phone call she had taken a cab towards downtown. I managed to jump into a cab as well and followed her to a tall glass building. After approaching the only visible door, she buzzed herself in and left me stranded on the sidewalk. I turned around the building for a minute or so looking for another entrance but I found none. 

I looked at my watch. I still had a couple of hours before sunrise, but in Europe it was still early in the afternoon. As I walked back to my safe house, I picked up my phone and dialed a number in India. After nine rings I cancelled the call.

Not three minutes later my phone rang.

"Bratislava delight pizzas, the best Pizzas in all the Caucasus, how can I be of service?"

"Ivanka, stop fucking around. I need information."

"Ooooh, the Count! How are you doing tonight? Have any fresh virgins bled for you this delightful evening?"

"Ivanka!"

"Yes master, I'm sorry master! What can I do for his highness?"

Ivanka wasn't her real name, her birth name was Claudia Schmidt but few were the official documents that kept a trace of her existence. She was one hell of a hacker and one of the very few persons who knew me for what I was. She had contacted me a few years ago during my Middle Eastern run and had offered me to work for me in exchange for the promise that I would turn her into a creature of the night before she reached thirty. I was at that moment in between jobs and had decided to let her live to see if she could come handy. She had, brilliantly and more than once and even if at the beginning I had never had the intention of making up to my side of the bargain, I had soon started to grow fond of the girl and started to consider the option. Just to keep such a powerful asset in my pockets, of course. The fact that she was actually quite cute did not make the thought so unpleasant.

I told her the address and asked her to do a full background check on the building. 

"Next month, I turn twenty nine my dark prince. I'm really looking forward to meet you at last in person," she concluded before hanging up.

In comparison with the hotel suite my safe house was a slum. But it was per definition safe and any day of the week, safe would beat luxurious for me. I had the chance to live a few hundred years and I wasn't going to mess it up by just by being sloppy. 

The sun was rising as I finally fell asleep. The remnant taste of my victims at the back of my mouth brought a handful of quite pleasant dreams. For the first time in many years I woke up feeling rested.

But the feeling didn't last for long. I had one new email on my cell phone. It was from Ivanka. Only four words: "Brotherhood of the sun."

I frowned; I had hoped never to hear from them again. 

4.

In the last days of my Middle Eastern period I had taken a few days off to go to Europe and enjoy myself for a while. One night in Rome as I was stalking a couple of tourists for my dinner the strangest man had approached me. Father Pietro, as he had introduced himself, was a representative for a very discreet yet very active branch of the Vatican government. A covert agency bent on destroying the very thing I had become just a decade earlier. After my exploits in Cuba, he had explained to me that there had been a schism inside said agency. Against the orders of the more traditionalists members of the agency, a small coterie of priests, seeing how easily I had managed to succeed where they had failed for so long, had decided to fight fire with fire; they had decided to recruit me. 

In desperate need for a cause I had agreed to listen to him. He wanted me to act as his undercover agent, his sword in the fight against darkness. In my line of business, notions of right and wrong are a commodity for fanatics and usually fanatics don't last long. As I listened to him rambling about the mission of cleansing earth of the scourge of demons, I started to feel frightened. Not frightened by what he had to say but frightened by what seemed to be the means at his disposal. In return for my collaboration they would leave me be as long as I would not take more than my share. I was to be a necessary evil. I considered the option of gutting the old priest as his offer felt more like a threat than a fair bargain, but I guessed that he would have never confronted me alone and that my chances of getting out of there alive would be slim. I asked him for some time to consider its offer. He gave me a week. 

I didn't like the fact that they had found me once, so I embarked on a very busy week. In the first two days, I moved my assets all over the place covering my tracks as well as I could, arranging for cash drops in several safe houses all over the world, selling all my shares, I disappeared money wise. The following three days, I severed all bridges with my past contacts. I had to kill a couple of them, I sent a note announcing my death to a few others, I severed myself from everyone except for Ivanka who seemed to be quite qualified to cover her own ass. Finally over the last two days I moved through Europe, changing names and faces, buying different plane tickets, offering the secret Vatican agency hundreds of false leads and tried to disappear. I ended up on a remote Greek Island where I had never been before.

But it all had been in vain as on the seventh night as I was coming back from a long walk on the beach and a quick bite on a local farmer's daughter, I found Father Pietro seating in my living room. 

He apologized for the intrusion and asked me if I had made up my mind on their offer. And that is how I entered in the service of The Brotherhood of the Sun.

5.

I left the safe house right away as it was obviously not safe anymore. I called the Copacabana Hilton to tell the bleached haired girl to get the hell out of dodge. The receptionist told me was out. I left her a message none the less. 

The trip to French Guyana took me a week. I travelled in the back of a meat truck. The journey was quite taxing but it would be a ride in the park in comparison with what the Brotherhood had in store for me if they got a chance to lay a hand on me. At Dégrad des Cannes I secured passage on a transatlantic freighter. 

Once in the captain's cabin with the harbor already far behind us, I relaxed a bit. The two whores I had picked up on the docks to serve as company were standing in the middle of the room looking blankly at the wall opposite of them. I asked one of them to take the first guard outside. The second one waited for my instructions as I locked the door. I detailed her, her dark Native American skin looked delicious and I was famished. After the exhausting trip north, I could have ripped her throat right away but I needed both of them alive if I was to make it to Europe so I restrained myself. I stuck my dick up her ass and only took a bit of her blood. The musky scent of her sweat still all over my body, I left her to sleep on the bunk. I left the cabin and asked the second one to take care of her friend before going for a walk on the boat. 

It was a medium sized freighter manned by two dozen hardcore sailors. I found the captain on the main deck having his men arranging the last of the six heavy machine guns I had them load on the boat that same afternoon. He nodded at me, I nodded back. I only had the captain and his first mate under my command as I had noticed that controlled humans lacked the initiative I would most likely need before reaching Europe. I had a few words with one of the sailors before going back to my cabin to pass the day.

On the third night I got a message from Ivanka. Despite my instructions, she had been monitoring the Brotherhood's communication through a few backdoors we had set up in their network when I had been forced to work for them. Apparently, the Vatican guard dogs were already on my trail and a full team of Penitents had been dispatched to intercept my freighter near the Canary Islands. I told her to drop everything and ordered her to meet me in two weeks in a small tavern I owned outside Zurich. 

The Penitents were fanatics. Recruited among the best ex-military commandoes, Special Forces or mercenaries, they were trained in the art of finding, incapacitating and eliminating the "dark threat". Highly skilled, equipped with the most deadly weapons, ruthless, they were a force to reckon with, I knew it as I had trained most of them.

On the fourth night one of the whores died due to blood loss and exhaustion. With nothing else to do I had spent a lot of time with the girls in my cabin and I got a bit carried away by the sea breeze. I had her body quickly wrapped in a blanket and thrown overboard. 

On the fifth night despite our best efforts the Penitent team caught up with us. I was in my cabin with the surviving girl's lips around my dick when I heard a loud explosion coming from the front of the boat. I stood up and grabbed the silenced hand gun on the bedside table. Judging by the sound of the detonation, the freighter would soon not be sea worthy anymore so I grabbed the whore by the hair and quickly drained her of her blood. My dick was still hard but I needed to seize control of a new mean of transportation. What had brought the Penitents to me would have to do.

The firefight was already in full swing when I reached the main deck. The hunters had boarded the freighter from both the stern and the bow and they were converging towards the command deck. I spotted the captain dispatching a group of commandoes with a grenade kamikaze style. Good man, I thought to myself. After assessing the situation I decided to move towards the bow of the ship as the biggest group of Penitents seemed to come from there. Moving silently I avoided all of the Penitents on my way. The sailors where giving them one hell of a fight. 

The Penitents had gotten on the boat thanks to a grappling iron. One of them was guarding it. All pumped up on adrenaline and combat drugs he would be hard to dispatch silently. I decided to let him live and jumped overboard as silently as I could. The freezing water of the ocean accepted me in its embrace. After a while I resurfaced. The gunfire on the boat was getting more sporadic, I had to move quickly. I spotted a medium sized speedboat just a few yards away. I swam to its hull and climbed on the main deck as fast as I could. The pilot was waiting for the commandoes to come back on the stern deck. She looked young. I managed to overpower her with no difficulties and submitted her to my command. She told me with blissful eyes that the group that had attacked the stern of the freighter had done so using a small rubber dingy with very limited reach. I ordered her to move away from the freighter and we finally launched the remaining three torpedoes against the hull of the ship. 

As the large freighter started sinking into the dark ocean, I had her dismantle the GPS tracker on the speedboat. I stood on the deck with my gun waiting for the survivors to try and swim to us. After two hours it became clear that the pilot and I were the only survivors. The rush of the battle had me forget about the unfinished business I had left on the boat, but now that the sun would soon be coming up over the horizon, I felt glad the pilot was a woman. She took me to her small cabin. She covered the portholes to prevent the sun from getting in and she joined me in her bunk. I rode her long after sunrise before falling asleep, satisfied on all accounts. 

As I slept she steered the speedboat towards the Spanish Canary Islands. I dreamt again a blissful dream with her salty blood on my lips. I was feeling alive again, I was satisfied.

6.

Father Pietro had me shipped to a secure facility in Poland. I knew the place; I had already come here in a previous life. It was a former black CIA prison that the Vatican had acquired after the torture revelations during the war on terror. The place had been lent to the Brotherhood who had turned it into a training facility. I was taken to the commander's quarters, Father Pietro instructed me to stay there waiting for his return. The small flat was situated in the third basement of the base, from the original setting very few things had remained. I spotted seven small cameras positioned all over the windowless apartment to cover every angle.

A short while later, the priest had come back with a young woman. No more than twenty five, she looked lost. He told me that they were going to train me soon but they would also need to study me and he asked me to take the girl. I refused. He looked unpleased and he left me with the girl and closed the door behind him. 

For the three following weeks, the only contact I had with the exterior world was the small plate of food they would bring to the girl every morning. Over the first nights I tried to find a way to escape but the place was sealed tight, I was now a prisoner and I didn't like that. With my rusty Russian I managed to communicate with my cell mate. At first she was terrified by me but I made her calm down and tell me her story. She had left her parents farm to find a job in the big city but it hadn't gone well and she had ended up in a Catholic homeless shelter. There she had been approached by a nun that had tricked her into following her to this facility; she didn't understood what she was supposed to do.

For the first two weeks, I managed to keep my hunger at bay. I would seal myself in the bathroom and jerk off to relieve the tension. I knew deep inside me that I was only delaying the inevitable but it wasn't a reason to indulge my captors. I kept the beast at bay the best I could but finally it took over. I was so hard and so hungry. I sat by the girl and asked her to take off her top. Now completely under my spell, she complied. I had her rest down on the bed and gently I sank my fangs into her generous breasts. The breasts are irrigated by thousands of small veins but there are no major arteries and therefore very little risk to cause the undesired death of the victim. Her blood was weak and watery but I was so hungry that I lost myself to the bliss of the feeding.

A lot later, as I laid her, still breathing, to rest on the bed, I realized that Father Pietro was behind me. I tried to take the opportunity to tear his head from his shoulders but suddenly I realized that my body was starting grow numb. As I slowly passed away I realized that the girl's food had been spiked with some kind of chemical that affected the undead. 

I woke up strapped to a hospital bed after a long and dreamless sleep. Father Pietro and two doctors were standing above me. I tried to free myself but the straps were made in an alloy that resisted my superior strength. Father Pietro thanked me for helping them test the new drug his research department had been developing. He told me that now that they had taken all the samples they needed, I would be trained and soon released on the field for my first mission. 
