 There are so many customs associated with the slipping of human life to the unknown otherworld's that await us, some believe that the passing should be a celebration of remembrance, others a mourning of those who will no longer share our walk of the mortal coil. Customs litter the passing of life, such as paying the ferryman or how long a body must remain exhumed before being given into the earth's embrace, methods of preparation and even the trappings of burial from mighty pyramids to humble wooden boxes. And for each method of mourning there are as many beliefs in what lays beyond the veil waiting for us, when some pass they go on to the bliss or blasted landscape they deserve, others to have their spirits rekindled into different bodies to live life anew and accumulate more experience for their immortal soul. Whatever the case it's very rare that death is actually the end for a spirit, whether or not they linger is another thing entirely. For Amanda death was far from the end of her Journey though it did make things much more lively, not that she remembered what her life contained as we meet her at the start of our tale. 

Amanda's lithe young body lay in the dark dust that seemed stretched on to the edges of the horizon, her blue eyes were closed and her face was peaceful as if asleep. Scraggly trees dotted the wasteland like clawing hands desperately reaching for a sun hidden in the perpetual gloom of the clouded sky and a melancholy wind stirred their bare branches, kicking whirls of grey dust across her pale skin and silken blonde hair splayed out like a halo beneath her head. She was dressed in tight fitting black and red biker leathers replete with thick soled boots and reinforced gloves, of a helmet there was no sign, her body curled up on its side in a foetal position. Through the dark sky came something black and winged, its feathery wings beating the swirling air as its beady eyes glittered on the possible carrion laying in the fields of death, it alighted on the dark swirling dust a few feet from Amanda's prone body and let out a hungry caw.

Something pierced the darkness that held her mind in thrall, it slowly receded leaving nothing but the persistent feeling that something was very wrong . . . where was she? The ground felt hard packed beneath her body, had she come of her bike? Her head throbbed and then it came again the sound that had dragged her from the black, a mocking "CAWW! CAWW!" accompanied by the ruffling of feathers as something moved closer, she peeled her dusty eyes open and coughed to clear her lungs as she looked around, it looked like some kind of nightmare dreamscape, where on earth was she? Her mind reeled as the grey desolation stretched on and on away from her in all directions, and for a moment as she wrestled with memories that would not come, horror and confusion, she blacked out again. 

This time when she awoke it was to a pressure on her abdomen, she let out a moan and looked down to see a large black Corvid of some description perched on her stomach, its sharp break picking at the tough leather across her small B cup breasts, causing a reasonable amount of damage for so small a creature, with an angry snarl Amanda batted it away sending it winging into the air with those mocking "CAWW" calls that had woken her the first time . . . where on earth was she. Why couldn't she remember how she came to be in such a hellish place? The thoughts reeled through her mind as the Raven. . at least she thought it looked like a raven, circled overhead, still repeating its mocking cry. How was she going to get out of this desert? Which way was out? She gritted her teeth in frustration and picked a direction, any action was better than standing here in bewilderment and she always felt better on the move. The dry grey dust crunched underfoot as her booted feet carried her forwards, long blonde hair hanging down her back as she moved and overhead that blasted bird mocking her as she was forced to walk while it glided and waited.

Amanda lost track of how long she had been walking for, the only sounds her laboured breathing interweaved with the cries of her aerial tormenter as it lazily circled above her, still nothing could be seen on the horizon and there was no sign of a sun through the dark clouds. She had unbuttoned her black jacket to let it hang open, wearing a simple white tank top beneath which did little to hide the twin swells of her B cup breasts rising and falling as she sucked air into her lungs, gloves tucked into the back of her tight leather trousers smacked against her firm ass with each step. It seemed like hours and she was parched, the dusty air making the feeling worse, grit grinding beneath her boot steps and flavouring her mouth. Eventually she collapsed to her hands and knees her breathing coming in gasps as she despaired at ever escaping this place pleading with whatever gods were listening she begged "Please . . . please get me out of here. . . I just want to get home. . . "She started sobbing not even able to clearly remember what home was. 

It was then that there was a thump before her and once again that mocking caw, she looked up her blue eyes filled with fury thinking she had found something to vent her frustration on but those same anger filled eyes quickly flickered and were replaced with fear as she continued to look up, pushing away from the ground and backpedalling as fast as she could. The Raven was huge now, it would have towered over her even if she was standing, its beak as long as her arm easily and beady black eyes regarding her far too intensely. A strange blue corona shimmering on its dark feathers as it moved, massive taloned feet bringing the monstrosity closer to her prone body. She could barely move now for fear of this massive beast that couldn't possibly exist in the world she vaguely remembered still, it was an abomination; surely this was all a Nightmare. The voice rang in her mind without the bird's beak moving at all, speaking to her and neatly cracking the precious sanity she had remaining 

"What would you do to get Home Amanda?" she looked around desperately calling out "Please Help!" the strange hollow voice from the air repeated its question as the raven stamped its feet impatiently raising swirls of dust into the choking air. 

Her tongue was thick in her mouth as she stopped to consider the question wanting more information and seeing that while talking the Raven seemed to be keeping its distance, if the words were even coming from the beast. "What would you ask of me in exchange for passage home?" she called to the air, feeling only a vaguely remembered sense that hearing voices was one thing. . but replying to them carried completely different connotations. . . overtones of madness, padded cells flashed in her mind, grinning orderly's with rough hands, they flickered and faded as the voice invaded her mind again, bringing her back to her twisted present leaving an unpleasant taste of things forgotten. 

"I sense there is much you don't know about where you are or the manner of how you came to be here" the voice spoke with mild reproach "Do you even know where your home is? What waits there for you? "It asked rhetorically continuing before she had a chance to answer, though the thoughts such questions provoked made her heart pound "you should come to see me in person, though I doubt the journey will be easy for you. I can answer your questions and help you back . . . if you decide that's what you want. But be warned Amanda everything has a price here." 

She swallowed down the fear in her throat not sure she wanted to really know but asking anyway "where . . . where is here?" the ravens mocking peal of laughter broke the momentary silence as the voice spoke again "This is the world between, limbo I think it's called in your culture though there are many names for it, and its inhabited with many denizens that are somewhat less friendly than I. You're trapped between life and death Amanda, and only here will the fate of your life be decided."

It was a lot to take in all at once and her mind understandably whirled at the prospect that what he said was true, she didn't want to believe it but something about his words struck a chord inside her. They sounded true . . . crazy but true. Why didn't it matter to her that it sounded crazy? She pushed the question aside in lieu of more important concerns. "how do I get to you?, this desert goes on forever and I have no supplies" trying to keep the despair out of her voice feeling hope kindle momentarily in her chest, she was between worlds, apparently . . . but that meant she wasn't dead yet

"My familiar will carry you to me. . . But only on one condition, it seems you hurt his feelings when you encountered each other earlier" She grit her teeth trying not to let her anger get the better of her as the voice continued "He wants some. . . satisfaction from you before he agrees to bring you here" the inclination of that hollow voice on the word Satisfaction made a chill run through her stomach, she looked at the Raven that reared back spreading its wings wide, tilting its head to keep an eye on her as from beneath the feathers on its underbelly something huge and pink hung, swelling by the moment as her horrified eyes watched, unable to tear them away. It was disgusting the shaft big only because of the creatures size, but the head was the most disturbing bit, almost like a drill bit circular ridges around it to anchor itself into its mate presumably. She felt her stomach wrench as she realised it meant to make her that mate. "There has to be another way, what guarantee do I have that your even going to help me!" she snarled at the roiling dark sky taking a few involuntary steps away from the massive avian with its grotesque swaying pink meat. 

"Of course . . . you don't know the rules here." The voice seemed to chide itself "Here if you give your word it's a binding contract on your soul, if unfulfilled then you simply fade away to nothingness and never move on to what lays beyond . . . or back to life. I give you my word that I will help you in whatever you decide but the only way my familiar will bring you to me is If you submit to him. . . the choice is yours, if you don't then there's nothing else I can do for you" 

Amanda sat there for just a few moments, but in her roiling mind it seemed like an eternity. The voice had gone silent and she got the feeling that she was on her own again, she didn't know why she felt that way but she got the distinct impression the choice was now firmly in her hands. She had been given a chance . . . but at what a cost. She had to find out if this strange voice could help her, she had to go on fighting for her life however she could, and so rising to her booted feet she shrugged her strong shoulders dropping the black jacket to the dust. Approaching the beady eyed creature, its beak clicking together in anticipation as she moved closer and it reared up to meet her exposing the tool of its "satisfaction". 

Amanda dropped to her knees and the creature took a quick hop forward its wings beating once, clawed feet digging gouges in the dust either side of her as she found herself face to face with the obscene dangling length of the still swelling member of the Raven familiar. She reached up with slender fingered hands steeling her-self for what she had to do for a second chance at life. Gripping the haft of the inhuman tool she started stroking it up and down with both hands, just about able to get each around it as it grew to full thickness. The bizarre tip pressed against her chest as she rubbed the obscene length back and forth, feeling its strange pinkish flesh moving beneath her fingers with each stroke. The raven let out a creaking rumble of enjoyment as the blonde biker beneath it beat its thick cock against her b cup tits, fluid starting to leak from the screw like head, sticking to her white shirt, making the material transparent, revealing the thick stiff dark pink circles of her nipples topping the heaving breasts as she closed her eyes. 

Amanda was so thirsty and the liquid spilling down her front reminded her of this abominably, she hated what she was about to do but she needed to drink something, eyes closed tight thinking of cool clear water she shifted her head to the bizarre corvid tip of the Ravens pulsing drooling cock. Hesitating for a moment as her hands pumped the length of the thing she opened her mouth wide and pushed her face forwards. Slightly misjudging the position of the tip she got the first drooling splot of whitish liquid on her face, making her jerk back in surprise forcing her to open the eye that wasn't covered in the strange smelling musky pre-cum that seemed to be drooling from the birds gargantuan member. Moving her open mouth beneath the sticky drooling stream, her throat bobbed as she swallowed, mouthful after mouthful of the sticky seed, satiating her unnatural thirst with the creatures drooling musky pre-cum. 

Her dexterous hands beat the thing harder and harder squeezing and stroking the meaty slab, wanting this to be over, to just give the creature the satisfaction it craved. Feeling its thick length starting to twitch in her hands, she eagerly anticipated the rush of juices that would give the creature its release and help quench her thirst; however she was to be disappointed. With a loud screech the raven hopped back again, pacing back and forth in the blasted wasteland, talons throwing up clouds of grey dust. Every time she tried to approach on her hands and knees, it clacked its beak threateningly at her driving her back, its beady eyes locking onto her body. "You can't be serious" she muttered under her breath as the creature paced back and forth "you seriously won't be satisfied with what I was offering?" the Corvids beak snapped a few times in response as beneath its body dribbled the musky pre-cum to the grey sand. Amanda let out a snarl or aggravation knowing exactly what the creature wanted but disliking the idea of what she was about to submit her body too. 

She hated to admit that the feeling of that hot musky seed dribbling down her throat had done anything for her, but between her thighs she was moister than she would have thought at the initial idea of such a depraved act. However if there was any way out of this god-forsaken desert this creature was the only one who could take her there. Tucking slender fingers beneath her waistband she pulled her leather trousers and black lace panties down from around her wide hips, revealing pale long legs and a recently shaved little mound. Biting her lower lip cheeks going red with shame she got down onto her hands and knees, pressing her ass up into the air and wriggling her hips, shaking her hindquarters to invite the raven to mount her and take what it wanted. 

She could feel the beady black eyes of the creature roving her shaven folds and puckered little rosebud, her hands reached back and pulled apart puffy pink lips to reveal the deeper pink inner Mons of her womanhood. She let out a whimper as the massive claws came down either side of her head, the drill like, warm oozing tip of the ravens cock positing itself at her tight entrance. Holding herself as wide as she could, she pressed back against the beast, unable to stifle the scream that rang through the desolate grey wastes as the avian drove its own hips forward, lancing its bizarre member into her body with a wet *GLLLUUTTTCCCCHHHHH* sound. 

Her mind reeled not only at the feeling of so strange a shaft pushing its way forcefully into her body, spreading her tight pink lips to a wide tight O around its massive shaft but at the twisted wave of pleasure that shot through her as she felt the screw like tip pulling back against her inner walls, locking itself in place as the monstrous raven above her started bucking its hips with desperate animal thrusts, letting out low pleasure filled croaks at having its enormous cock lodged so tightly in her tender pink velvet hole. 

She moaned like a little slut as the thick length pushed in and out, in and out, in and out over and over, pumping her like shed never been fucked before, its thick pink length pushing all the way to her cervix with each thrust, feathered underbelly tickling her asshole and aching clit as she tried desperately to retain some control over her pleasure wracked mind. Trying to focus on where she was, on what was happening beyond the fact that this massive raven was reaming her with more intense lust than any man she could recall during her somewhat blurry life. She let out a shame filled groan of appreciation as the wet sounds of her eager little hole overrode her grunting, her tender lips spread wide making *Spluchhh SPUTCH! SCUUCCHHH SPLLUCCHh Splcuh Spluch Spluch" sounds as the beasts pace increased, its shaft seeming to twitch within in her, almost lifting her off her knees. Small B cup breasts grinding against the sand as her lithe small blonde body rocked with each brutal hungry thrust of the winged animal into her tight human hole her hands pressed desperatlly forward now, digging into the ash like grey dust trying to keep her place as the Monster used her like a well-fitting cock glove.

It was soon more than she could stand, letting out a shameful wail as her cunt spasmed around the intruding length that thrust in and out of her puffy pink twat, her whole body twitching as the creature above her crushed her body down into the sand, pressing down with all its weight lodging the drill like tip firmly against her cervix as it twitched one, twice, then on the third throbbing jerk started to unload into her aching well used cunt. Huge gouts of hot raven cum spurting into her twitching shaking body made her whole frame shake in rapture, the feeling of being filled triggering a second powerful orgasm to tear through her. Reducing her body to a quivering pile of woman-flesh, desperately pushing her hips back against the inhuman length that spread her wide open. Clawed toes dug into the grey dirt as the avian cooed its pleasure with a low rumble, pulling back and tearing the still semi hard tip from her body. The drill like tip lewdly pulled free of her orifice making it a bizarre mixture of pain and pleasure, the sudden stretching departed leaving her hot wet folds to gape for a few moments. The huge amount of spunk that had been unloaded into her eager little fuck-hole drooling and dribbling from between her puckered pink folds, smearing down her inner thighs as she tried to get shakily to her feet, attempting to throw of the shame and humiliation that now haunted her mind at the pleasure she had experienced.

Rising unsteadily she gripped her trousers and panties still ruckled around her ankles and drew them up over her still seeping pink stretched lips, ignoring the wet mess that was her womanhood with a show of iron willpower, hiding her shame beneath the clinging lace and the tight leather. With an imperious gesture she watched as the raven ducked its gigantic head, glittering eyes still watching her mockingly having experienced what her tender young flesh had to offer. Amanda clambered onto its back, taking a grip of the smaller feathers there, despite the feeling of cum still leaking from her abused stretched hole to the insides of her leather trousers, staining her black lace panties as she tried to shake of the lingering trembles of shameful pleasure that ran through her body. The raven beat its enormous wings and took to the skies over the desolate grey wasteland circling once or twice over the spot where she had kneeled and accepted its disgusting animal advances before with powerful beats of its black feathered wings it took her towards that distant horizon.

The wind whipped past her ears chilling her breasts through her still wet white top as she too late recalled the leather jacket on the ground far beneath them, only 24 was far too young an age to die, she thought. She also thought that travelling like this would get her to her destination and back to life quick and easy with no more humiliating distractions . . . how wrong poor Amanda was.