 Bethany and I met when neither one of us was actually looking for someone. We'd both been dragged by our friends to a bar as their designated drivers. While the others drank, mingled, and danced we sat at the bar with our watered-down sodas. Sodas from the bar-gun are never as good as the bottles. That was the first thing we talked about.

It was very different meeting a girl while we were both sober. This is what the bar scene lacks: honesty. Bethany had shoulder-length chestnut hair that she usually tied back. She was almost a foot shorter than me and athletically built for a girl from playing lacrosse during high school. Her breasts were average, but more than enough for my hands, and she possessed a marvelously plump ass, which she hated, but I loved it. 

We formed a real relationship, and it became a steady thing. Everything seemed to be going well, but there was a huge problem: she didn't care for sex. We had it often enough, and she did all the right things to make me feel good. She gave the absolute best blow jobs I ever had. She would feign pleasure when I tried very hard to please her, but if I pressed her to tell the truth, she admitted that it wasn't actually doing anything. 

"I'm sorry," she would say with tears in her eyes. "I'm trying—really I am. I just don't get anything from it, but I want you to enjoy it."

It was hard to explain to her that such an arrangement would be an open wound for I would always know that I was taking and not giving.

I held her, and told her that it would be all right. That's what a guy is supposed to do. I didn't want to give up. We moved in together and refocused on enhancing the other aspects of our lives. She did go and see a doctor, but they couldn't find anything wrong with her physically. 

"Everyone is just different," they said.

Bethany got a job at a pharmaceutical company, and I went on as a civil engineer. Things didn't work out for me, and in a year I was unemployed and demoralized. However, she did very well professionally, and rose quickly within her company. She talked about getting married. Once again I felt that inability to explain how much of a failure I felt like. Not only could I not make her enjoy sex, but I was also relegated to being a dependent.

She tried to reassure me, and that reversal was a hard one. We continued on, but I was desperate. There had to be a way to please her. When there was nothing within my own environment, I had to think about hers. She worked for one of the biggest drug companies in the state. There was no way that I could bring myself to have her look into it. That would only make her feel guiltier than she already did, but I could do it myself. That led me to one of her colleagues from work: Dale.

I had met him a few times at company parties and trite little social events like that. He was a few years younger than we were and just out of college. Dale maintained that strangely long hair for a guy, which I swear was only popular for like five minutes ten years ago. A youth spent on Coronado had left him with a tan and thin surfer's body. There were a few occasions when seeing him made me self-conscious. I was still in decent shape, but sitting at home surfing the web all day had started to take a toll. After swearing him to secrecy, I explained the problem that Bethany and I had. 

"I really wish I could help you," he said, "But so much of our stuff isn't even ready for human trials. It takes years to get that stuff cleared, but there are other things you could try."

"We have and she isn't interested in trying anymore. She still has sex with me, but it's only sex out of loyalty to me. She doesn't want to. Come on, there has to be something."

Dale mulled it over for a long time. He said that he'd think about it. Two days later he sent me a text message:

