 What happened? The last thing I recalled was... Wait, I don't remember anything. Who am I, and what had happened to me? Why is everything dark all around me? Why can't I move my arms and legs? Why am I not feeling any form of fear or anger at this very moment?

Even when a person completely closes their eyes, some form of light should still be able to pass through the eyelids, giving some form of illumination inside the eyelids, allowing the person to 'see' their own eyelids.

Wait, how do I know that, and who am I again? Why do I not recall anything? What I am experiencing should be memory loss, but traditionally memory loss should not be complete, or else I would be nothing more than a complete idiot, knowing not even how to formulate thoughts. What I lack right now is simply my memory of my identity, and nothing else. I still possess basic common knowledge.

This could only mean that this memory loss is manmade. My memory was wiped intentionally, removing purely details of my identity, and nothing else.

Let's gather what I know of.

The year is 2051; Man has still not discovered interstellar travel, but is projected to possess the technology for space travel in the next 5 years. Instead, Man is looking towards creating sentience life from nothing, life from machines; in short, robots with sentience. Sex robots industry is now booming, and have became the largest market on earth.

Hmm... Given that it was the third thing that comes to mind, I must be a person with vested interest in sex robots. I must either be a pervert, or have my work closely intertwined with sex robots. Here is hoping it's the latter.

It really is curious, to not know even of my own sexual orientation, of whether am I a male or female.

Nothing much could do done here, except to wait I suppose.

...

Several hours have passed since I regained my consciousness, with nothing but my own thoughts to accompany me. How much time passed is merely a guesstimate, but it should be approximately no more than 2 hours.

It was then something finally changed, I could feel something firmly inserted right into my pelvic area. It does not feel lewd or sensual, not even pain. It felt as natural as flexing a hand or moving your legs to walk, as if it is as it should be. That being said, it is a feeling that I can truly say I have never experienced before.

Although the sudden change came as a surprise, it is a change I would prefer to continually having nothing but darkness as a companion. The maddening feeling of having nothing to grasp onto, losing every single one of one's own senses, is not something pleasant. If one would require a comparison, it would be akin to sleep paralysis.

Suddenly, a series of words appeared out of nowhere into my area of perception. It was broken gibberish, but after closer inspection, it is the crude amalgamation of a language I know of. To use an example to make it easier to understand, it is as if someone who is unfamiliar with your own mother tongue is trying to speak to you in your language; it's hard to understand initially, and it takes a while to make out what they are speaking, but eventually you would understand what they were trying to express.

From those poorly structured sentences, I could vaguely make out a 'System initialized, awaiting input'. It is weird, although I understand the words and letters, I cannot describe that knowledge, like this knowledge is simply something instinctive, as basic as breathing and eating. It is an odd sensation, but hardly a matter of concern as of right now.

Various theories sprouted, but none are resolute. I would require more information to identify what is going on.

Just as I said, no, thought that, I could feel a warm, familiar energy spreading from my pelvic area, to all around my body. The feeling is akin to consuming energy drinks; a great injection of strength suddenly spread all across my body. 

After the momentary euphoria has lapsed, the discovery of a fact brought me back to earth. My limbs are still incapable of motion. My eyes still remain tightly shut and do not have a hint of doing otherwise despite my various attempts. I am still incapable of feeling anything upon my skin.

"Couldn't they have at the very least charged it before shipping it over? Is that too much to ask for?"

A voice! A male, yet light voice speaking in concise English, in an American accent, one might add. Regardless, it is a welcoming change. More information is good, though I would highly prefer to know of my own circumstances, amongst other information. My sense of hearing is back, so that's a good start.

"8 hours? I could build a whole god damn house by then. Surely there must be a way to make this process not completely asinine?"

The voice continued, seemingly to nobody in particular. But a recharge time of 8 hours is absurd. At this age, that is enough power from an ordinary socket to supply an entire month of power for an ordinary household. Off the top of my head, I truly cannot recall any object requiring this much power.

"Can't complain since it's a new model, but still, even that sleazy bastard Tyron's sex droid took barely an hour to finish charging. This is absurd! Let's see, user manual... You would have thought they would have phased out paper usage by now for holographic messages, but nope, fucking timber industry still going strong, and those magnates still won't let this archaic form of communication die."

The pieces began to fall together. I'm a sex droid? That seems to be the reasonable conclusion. From that energy, to what this man has said, that is the only logical explanation. Still, it doesn't feel right. When was sex droids capable of sentient thought, of retaining independent will? Something must have gone wrong here.

Everything made sense, yet at the same time, more questions arose; my existence is a conundrum.

"Know what, fuck the manual. I'm just going to switch this thing on and ask why it takes so god damn long to charge it. How hard is it for a man to get his rocks off?"

"System On" no response "Activate" no response "Switch On" no response "Fuck this bullshit..." no response.

With his exasperation clearly building up by the tone of his voice, the sound of frantic page flipping could be heard. Lust is truly the greatest sin; a man looking to get his satisfaction would be willing to overthrow his convictions. Having just denounced manuals, that man is evidently perusing the manual. 

"I have to kiss it? Oddly fitting."

A light brush went against my lips. It would be a reason to cheer for my newly founded sense of touch, had not a barrage of information suddenly swarming in. Have you ever had the moment where a sudden moment of clarity came to you, like solving for a difficult question and suddenly figuring out the solution? Well, that instance just happened many, many times.

Knowledge of a certain individual appeared out of nowhere to me. Information pertaining someone named Derrick M. Bingham, his high school, his college, or lack thereof, his blood type, how many parking tickets he had accumulated, and most importantly, his internet history. Oddly, there is a certain sense of accomplishment after witnessing the final detail. His various kinks and preference for pornography are wholly revealed to me.

As if in clockwork, the moment the information has finished digesting, a blinding light shone straight into my eyes. It was nary a moment, before the world revealed itself to me. Rather than a world, it was simply, a face.

The teenage boy right in front of me leans more towards the geek side, than the jock. His height is no taller than 175cm, roughly around 5.7 ft in imperial measurements. His body is lean, with hints of muscle overtone. At least he didn't skip his gym classes. 

Those hazel eyes tinged with light sparkles of curiosity and anticipation, though the light is rapidly becoming hazed with lust. Well defined jawbone, sharp nose, and a cluster of disheveled brown hair rounded off his appearance. The major takeaway here is that his face is devoid of acne, something surprising considering his presumed age.

His appearance would be one of an average, innocent teenaged senior high school boy, had it not been the trail of saliva between his lips, and mine. This must be Derrick, for it is the only logical explanation.

Also worthy of notice is that I am currently standing upright, and neatly placed is what I presume to be the recharging booth. It is shaped like an ordinary cupboard, though the accessories placed are of more risqué materials. Vibes, wipes, plugs, and the likes of such. Conveniently, there is a mirror directly opposite me, behind Derrick, of which I can use to observe my circumstances. My face and most parts of my body are presently obstructed, and as I am currently unable to maneuver my head around, the only place I could view with clarity is my lower body.

What I previously speculated is now proven true, there is a tube shaped socket, most definitely designed to resemble something lewd, inserted directly in my butt. That should be the power supply.

Without warning, a voice erupted from within me.

"Designated User, Derrick Malcolm Bingham, confirmed. Age, 18 years old. Conditions, fulfilled. Fantasy Droid series 3-0, initialized and activated. Warning, power is running critically low. Recommendation, attach power supply to breast and vaginal socket for maximum charging efficiency. "

Throughout that entire mouthful, I could neither get a word in, nor halt the speech. Everything just rolls off the tongue as if natural, as if I was merely a spectator in the front row seat, capable or nothing but watch. The situation should either be scary, or infuriating, yet both these emotions seemed strangely dulled. I remained calm, unmoving, though the latter is entirely out of my hands. Something within myself is telling me this is as it should be; that there is nothing to feel panic about.

The flustered floundering began anew, by Derrick of course. As part of the inane human nature to pace around as they encounter an issue, he started to stroll off to the side, giving me an unobstructed view of myself.

The only possible description of the body I currently possess would be perfection. Well defined jaw line with not an ounce of baby fat, hypnotizing emerald eyes that would put gems to shame, soft, plump lips that would ignite any men's desires, and lush platinum blond hair reaching the butt. If one have to put anything negative about this face, it would be the cold, emotionless, unfeeling she is giving off.

The body is also another work of praise, completely naked from top to bottom, revealed for the world to see without a single bit of modesty. If I had to give an approximation, it would be a 36Ds, which, alongside the bubble butt, pronounces a sweet hourglass figure that women will die for. It is also completely shaved from neck down; then again, it's an artificial body, so it would actually be weird if there is actually hair than otherwise. 

Cosmetic surgeries, following the advancements of medical science, have been entirely banned as various cases of identity frauds had surfaced. There was even a case of the secretary of defense of a prominent nation being impersonated, sparking a giant diplomatic situation.

As such, it really is no exaggeration that women will die for this figure, seeing as everything has been forced back to its basics. It would be fine if the technology is unavailable, but the truth is that is. The forbidden fruit looks sweeter when humans are able to see it up close, but completely forbidden to taste it.

It after some time that Derrick returned with a vengeance, this time seemingly already read through the entire manual. Lust is truly a powerful motivator. He reached back behind me into the cupboard, and withdrew what appears to be a milking machine designed for cattle, with only two suction cups though, and placed both suctions directly and carefully at each breast of my body. It looks as if the droid is wearing a pair of translucent bra with tubes sticking out of it by the end of his work.

Next, he retrieved a tube similar in appearance as the one in my butt, and placed it right into my vagina without any warning. Had I been an ordinary woman, this would have certainly caused some damage. Though, given as my butt had already been violated prior, this was hardly a cause for concern at present moment.

Derrick took a moment to gander at his work, and then as if satisfied, flicked something which appears to be a switch on the side of the cupboard.

The next few moments was pure, unadulterated pleasure; nothing but complete and sheer ecstasy. To describe this sensation is impossible; it would be akin to seeing sounds and hearing colors. My mind almost lost consciousness various times, but the pleasure kept me awake. I could not allow any single moment of this slip away without my knowledge. Every single instance must be savored completely.

As abruptly as it had begun, the mind shattering euphoria came to a stop. I could hear internally within my body, a mechanic voice was sprouting something about a setting and a malfunction, but having been caught in an afterglow, the words simply did not register in its entirety.

"...Estimated remaining time to full capacity, 20minutes. Recommendation, Reformat this system."

Having finally gathered my bearings, that was the only complete sentences I heard and understood. I'm not sure why something that would have taken 8 hours now only requires 20 minutes, but I'm willing to wager it had to do with that sudden pleasure from the 3 inputs.

Regardless, that recommendation felt awfully dangerous. I, this consciousness, am clearly an anomaly. What would happen if the recommendation is followed? I do not know, though even if I knew, there is nothing I could do in this situation. The spectator could only watch, after all.

"Erm, yes, do that."

Just like that, my death warrant is signed.

"Acknowledged... Reformat complete, all irregularity is now purged; please select a profile from the 25 different options you may find in the manual."

Well, seeing as I'm still alive and well, though the wellness is entirely subjective, given that I am no different from a brain in a vat right now. Nothing that I am aware of changed, so either the change is imperceptible to me, or I was not altered in any form.

Another discovery is that I am apparently a core function necessary for operation of this droid that would not be removed even through an entire system cleansing; a pleasant find.

Wait, not only that I didn't decrease in strength; I could feel myself getting stronger. Instinctively, I realize now I have more control over my present situation, that I should be capable of influencing this droid. I do not know where this idea came from, just another spontaneous realization. With how much that has happened thus far, it hardly is a surprise.

"Err, I would like to select the option, ditzy bimbo."

With the knowledge of his entire porn collection and browser history, this hardly came as a surprise. Most humans have the overwhelming urge to feel superior to someone else. That is what founded society; the unencumbered desire to stand above others. The familiar pleasant feeling came once again, as entire collections of pornographic materials is directly downloaded into the droid, also known as, me.

How should I act, what should I wear, how to speak, information of such came almost naturally to me. Though I have to say, why would such information matter to me when I am not even in control of the droid? One usually doesn't give the scripts to the spectators do they?

Just as I thought that, Derrick walked over to the side again. As he moved, the droid's vision, and thus mine, started to follow him around. The surprise came when I, finally sickened by the constant meaningless pacing, wished that the droid would stop being so focused on him, and sure enough, it did.

This confirms the feeling I had prior, yet at the same time reveals to me the lack of complete control as my body eventually went back to watch Derrick pace once again. Still, the delight of having finally attaining some form of control overwhelms the annoyance of having to watch the meaningless spectacle.

So now, my situation if one have to use a reference, graduated from simply a movie watcher, to a director; though the influence I now possess may be closer to the lightings manager, or sound manager than the actual director.

20minutes passed without a hitch; with a soft 'ding', and the cupboard closed itself without a warning. In the darkness, I could see nothing, except the charging ports being automatically removed. There was a single tinge of sadness that was quickly extinguished as the constant stimulation is taken away.

Next, there was some shuffling around inside the cupboard, some snipping and certain unspeakable sounds, before the cupboard finally opened itself once again. 

The conveniently placed mirror reveals a whole new person. 

What was long, unhindered platinum blond hair reaching all the way across the back is now light blond hair tied up in a ditzy ponytail, reaching no further than the shoulders.

The eyes look like it's covered in thick eye shadow, and generous amounts of gloss was applied to the lips. As the rest of the face is already high quality, no further make up was applied; though even that was a masterstroke, for it exemplifies those seductive eyes and that cock sucking lips.

What was entirely different is that now I'm clad in clothing, if one could even call it as such. There was no underwear whatsoever, just a sheer black silk negligee that one would actually have to try to not see its contents.

To finish the appearance, is a 9 inch black heels that would most likely break any normal lady's ankles. To call this a 'come hither' look would be an understatement.

"Are...are you ready?" Derrick asks, "What's your name?"

"Hey there handsome!" The words just came out of my mouth in an almost shrill voice that rises in tone with every single word, with every word dragged out to its limits, even when it's not the emphasis. 

The droid's body, as it is speaking, began to shift itself into a more humanlike, natural pose, leaning against the now shut cupboard. It even raised one of its hands to play with a lock of its own hair by the side of its head. "Like, my name is Candi... that's Candy spelt with an i, you know?"

I'm not sure if it's the enhanced hearing of the droid, or was it really that audible, but a loud gulp was heard, by none other than Derrick.

...

As if sensing the opportunity, Candi followed up with an agonizing slow walk to Derrick, emphasizing to sashay along with every single step, pronouncing the hips and the long legs.

"Master" Candi said.

At just that one single word, a switch was flipped within Derrick. Lust has overwhelmed reasoning, as he pulled Candi down to kneel, neatly positioned just at his waist level.

"Suck my dick, bitch!" Derrick said, half in scream, half commanding, voice cracking as he shouted the last word. His spring has arrived and he's going to force her to be his bitch.

Without a pause, Candi obliged, though not forgetting to make the process as teasing as possible, fishing around the zippers and cupping the balls, subjecting Derrick to her mercy. As the underwear is finally removed, an 8 inch cock awaits at full mast.

"Oh my gosh, master, your dick is so big! Yum, yum!" 

Having been blue balled for so long, Derrick cannot wait any longer. Without a cue, he reached behind Candi's head and took a firm grip on her ponytail, and shoved his already painfully erect cock straight into her eagerly waiting mouth.

Despite being manhandled and used as nothing more than a flesh light, and having her entire airway jammed off, there was not a sense of asphyxiation; this is the purpose it is designed for in the first place. Slobber trickled down with every shove, as Candi could feel that hard, hot rod continuously hitting the back end of her throat.
