 This is the 5th day of Kristen Cowart's employment at HaiTech Industries. The lithe half Asian, half American stands a little over 5.3ft and she regards herself as quite attractive. As her co-worker has advised, it is not wrong to have a little bit of confidence in her own appearance; humility when addressing others, confidence when looking at one self is the key to succeed in sales after all.

Her integration into office culture from college was not a smooth one, by her own standards. The first few days she had come across several culture shocks, but as time progressed, she found herself adapted nicely to the new environment.

If the 5 days ago self of Kristen could meet her present self, she would certainly be unable to recognize her. First and foremost, the past self of Kristen barely even knew how to dress herself. She had come to the first interview wearing what she would consider now, rags to be burnt.

She had reasoned why anybody would care what she wore at work, that basic comfort should be the most criteria amongst all. She is sure her future colleagues would agree with her on that sentiment.

It really is not her fault. In college, she was never much of a party going, and often stuck with the tag of nerd. She didn't mind that term, and would have worn it with pride had she been allowed to. It just means she remains focused at her studies while others are wasting away. Her hard work got her through college without accruing a single penny of debt, and a job at one of the hottest up and coming companies in this part of the planet, HaiTech Industries.

Founded by the son of Chinese multi billionaire, Mr. Hai Kuo Xing, there is no possible way this company will fall. Even on a complete disaster, surely Mr. Hai's father could bail out his only son.

The discovery of the auto dresser on her first day was a complete game changer. Even now as she think back on that memory, nothing but bliss came to mind.

...

The first thing she discovered upon entering the dorm room, the new home provided for by the company, was the auto dresser standing inconspicuously at the corner of the room. That, after a day of being close to humiliated amongst similarly aged women dressed stylishly while she herself was in what could barely amount to dull and drab clothing, was a shocking find.

That product currently goes for no less than 6 digits on the market, and was hailed as a complete revolution in the clothing industry. Combining the technology of 3D printing and matter conversion, that dresser is able to adorn the user with any clothing of his or her choosing.

The thought of having to go another day being paraded around like a class clown was unbearable, and she wasted no time getting inside it.

Shortly after, she could feel a light caress across every single edge of her body. The machine is probing her sizes, measuring out her entire body, to calculate the fitting of her outfit. This process is unintentionally stimulating to the sensitive Kristen. This, plus the cold air she was exposed to after shower, made both her nipples stand on edge.

It took a short while, but the dressing is finally complete. The results were more than satisfactory; with more than a hundred grand per machine, how could it not be.

Staring back at her in the mirror is a woman wearing a short sleeved white buttoned up blouse, with a cute name tag reading Kristen hung across her left chest, and a black pencil, snug skirt that fully accentuates her hips, ending just above her knees. The outfit was finished with a pair of white open toed heels. In Kristen hands there is also a sleek black blazer with the letters HT embroidered upon it; though that looks more of a suggestion and 'wear only if necessary' than part of the outfit.

The makeover does not stop there, as she found out. Her fingernails and toes were all nearly manicured, and every body hair below her neck was removed meticulously. Though she found it weird even her privates are shaved, she let it slide for it is the only minus in this otherwise great service. 

Even her face has been carefully addressed. Kristen had always thought herself to be rather attractive, and thus does not need the aid of cosmetics. Today, that idea was wholly shattered. Her eyebrows are, with the aid of threading and waxing, fine-tuned to perfection, arranged neatly above her eyes. That, coupled with her eyelash extensions and light applications of eye shadow, greatly highlights her already beautiful pair of eyes.

The rest of her face is also decorated to its entirety. With a light gloss across her lips, and every patch of uneven skin tones she never knew she had removed, what reflected back to her eyes in that mirror is a face even she felt stranger to. Her oriental looks has been greatly exemplified.

Her hair's transformation, in contrast though, was less dramatic. It was properly styled into light curls, but otherwise left as it is. Figures there are no place for overly lavish hairstyles in a working environment.

With a pair of crystal blue earrings twinkling against the light, Kristen found herself an admirer of her own body. In fact, she could confidently say that, she right now, is an undisputed 10 in the eyes of even the strictest of connoisseurs. Truthfully, after staring at her own body, she could even feel a light tingle in her already hard nipples and a very familiar heat down at her nether. 

It was until midnight that she ended her self-admiration, after various experiments such as putting the blazer off and on, unbuttoning a few buttons in her blouse, adjusting her length of her skirt. It was with heavy reluctance she finally went back to the dresser and came out with sleepwear, before falling to sleep.

...

The help of the company does not end at the 7 digit priced auto dresser. In fact, that could be considered only one of the many. The daily company orientation programme with the aid of VR hardware helped bolster her knowledge about office culture, and the basic dos and don'ts. 

She believed without those, she would have made quite a mockery out of herself. Truly, without those, knowhow, she would have been puzzled at the peculiar style of greetings the employees does.

Indeed, had this been a few days ago, Kristen would have gotten infuriated at her co-worker, who is currently having his arms around the shoulders of Kristen, and his other hand over Kristen's, guiding her mouse along.

The co-worker, named James, is currently doing the best of his abilities to guide the inexperienced Kristen along her issue with the software. This is a common sight around the office, as men are superior to women after all, as stipulated by company mandate. 

Sensing no resistance to his advances, a faint, undetectable lecherous smile flashed across James' face, as his arms start drifting lower. The motion was made completely natural, and could easily be brushed off as an honest mistake, had Kristen questioned his actions. The questioning did not come, even when his entire palm was resting on the breast of Kristen through the fabric.

Indeed, Kristen showed no reaction to his transgression, continuing to be wholly focused at the task at hand. Company mandate does state that it is normal to show physical intimacy between co-workers; as such, Kristen is neither surprised, nor offended at James' actions.

I was worried pushing the schedule for this process so quickly, but it looks like she had adapted nicely. Not too sure to call her dense or submissive, but whatever works I guess.

Looking at this, James' actions got a whole lot more intrusive, as he shifted both his hands to Kristen's breasts, and started to play with her fine pair of puppies, circling around the nipples, groping flesh freely. Beyond eliciting occasional moans and groans, Kristen showed no aversion to the molestation.

Even as her blouse got unbuttoned, and her pair of C cup breasts spilled out, there is not one iota of displeasure. The groping continued through the entire tutoring session, with James continuing his transgressions, even putting a few hickeys on that pale nape of Kristen between conversations. 

By the end of the session, Kristen's face was completely flushed with arousal, and James' erection is clearly showing through his trousers. Despite his discomfort, he dare not proceed further, and only carried his raging erection back to his own office, and called in another co-worker of his, an attractive brunette by the name of Denise.

It seems like everything is fine thus far. She is ready to be presented to the boss. No wonder he took a liking to her at first sight, she's quite lewd under that prim appearance. A course that should only be completed in a year sped up to a week, and she didn't feel anything wrong with it; that could only be a result of her having a perverted nature.

There is no conversation between the two, just simple hand gestures, before Denise got down to her knees under the desk, while James unbuckled his trousers, revealing the fully engorged python he has kept hidden.

Denise's expressions do not change upon witnessing that, viewing it as nothing more than everyday chore. That is, in her mind, just work that needs be done, no different from data entry or report writing.

Wasting no time at all, she started to suckle away at the swollen tip, while using her dainty hands to play around with the shaft. Having already done this many times, she clearly knew of how to stir the man's interest, and the manner in which he likes to be handled.

Once the rod was sufficiently lubricated, more and more of the 8 inch monster starts to disappear with every bobble of her head. In mere moments, the entire penis, shaft and all, has entered into the willing mouth of Denise.

Even as it was restricted her airway, her tongue still moved with practised efficiency, continuously sloshing around on the insides, while her hands still continued to work, occasionally playing around with the hanging balls, occasionally sensually rubbing against the chest of James, all according to his likings.

As the sucking got more and more intense, the produced sound also increased in volume. Despite that, in the busy office, nobody bothered to even glance over at the happenings, as this was a common occurrence in this place. There is no such thing as sexual inhibitions in this place after all, as, once again, it is company mandate.

It took minutes, but the deed was finally done. With a soft moan, a stream of white liquid is released straight down into Denise's waiting mouth. After the initial burst, and a few other spurts later, the entire interior of her mouth is painted white, yet not a single drop spilt. She has calmly and coolly collected every drip and drop, like it was the most delicious nectar, not bearing to swallow, collected in her mouth to savour.

This conduct is not of her wishes, but of the training pounded into her being. She was instructed to treat the release of every man as highly as humanly possible, serving two purposes, maintaining the cleanliness of the place, and fulfilling the sexual kink of certain men. She was also instructed to wait for the man's permission to proceed from here on forth, for her to swallow the baby making batter, or to continue holding it in her mouth is entirely up to the whims of the man.

"Swallow, and get on with your day."

Now that his immediate sexual urges have been fulfilled, they quickly tidied up their attire, and proceeded as if nothing had happened. Taking a pause for these behaviours are allowed, but further actions will require more time, time that the company would not allow. The mandate is 'Relations between employees are allowed, provided that it does not interfere with work performance' after all.

I would have done this with that Asian slut, had she not been reserved for the boss. Then again, her process won't have been sped up this much had it not been for the boss. Still, being limited to only touching that delicious piece of meat is rather daunting. Oh well, he's the boss man, he pays the money, he sets the rules.

The day passed by quickly for Kristen; occasionally there are guys who came in to cop a feel for her intimate areas, or to ask her certain questions regarding her thoughts about this company. Whoever it was, they all left the room with a smile on their face.

There is one takeaway though. All her hard work, albeit short, has paid off, and she has been transferred over to be the personal secretary of the president of this company, Mr. Hai. If she handles this job well, her future could only be described as the sky's the limit.

The entirety of tomorrow will be spent in the VR room, to prepare her for the position that she will fill in at the day after tomorrow. It is a long day of work, and she is advised to take in breakfast before proceeding.

...

Two days later, just before she left her room, Kristen inspected her outfit once again.

It was completely different from what she had worn the past few days, a bright red one piece dress instead of the usual office outfit. Though, calling it a simple dress might be underselling it, for it is a traditional Chinese dress, a Qipao in the native tongue, exquisitely embroidered with flavourful decorations.

True to traditional fashion, despite the dress being designed in such a manner that there is a slit running all the way to her well defined thighs, she does not put on underwear. As such, the form fitting dress brings out her hourglass figure in its totality, and allows her to elude an air of sensuality, revealing just enough skin to stir imagination.

Her long hair is properly tied up into a bun, and her western style of makeup is changed to a more oriental one, with emphasis on bringing out the redness on the lips and lengthening the eyelashes. 

Her accessories are simple, just a pair of pearl earrings dangling by the sides. As she carries a small purse in her hands, her red nails in the same colour as her outfit shimmers against the light, her looks currently is the furthest thing one could imagine from an office worker.

Indeed, had it not been the full day course she had attended the day prior, even the person herself would find it weird to be adorned in such attire.

Though the course, Kristen has learnt that Mr. Hai, her soon to be direct superior, is a purveyor of traditional Chinese culture and values, and abhors all things foreign. As such, he rarely reveals himself to the rest of the company, and expects everything in his office to be strictly of Chinese cultural standards.

As such, he expects his secretary to be dressed as a Chinese woman would, and as a result, pressing the same 'work outfit' button she had pressed for the past 5 days, dressed her as such.

She paused before she left the room. Something in the back of her head nudges at her. These past few days, she had various incidents of forgetting stuff. 

Every time she focuses her efforts on that inkling gnawing away at the back of her head, it came out fruitless. It was akin to grasping at smoke. The harder she tries, the faster it scatters.

"Well, it's probably nothing important anyways. Had it been important, I would have remembered it."

...

The presidential office is located at the highest floor of the building, and it wouldn't be wrong to call it an entirely different world compared to the rest of the building.

The entire floor was lighted in a dim, warm reddish colour, the colour of luck according to Chinese mythology, a complete 180 contrast to the usual colour scheme of the company, of blue and black. 

There are various porcelain vases aligning along the sides of the corridor, and articles of Chinese poetry lining across the walls. Each of those is antiques of immeasurable value, some even dating back to ancient dynasties.

Upon entrance to the main room, oddly shaped like a living room instead of a work place, Kristen spots her newest boss, Mr. Hai sitting upon a couch, sampling what looks like liquor. There was nobody around but him, and it looks like he was expecting her audience.

Hai then waved for her to enter, and to go over to him.

It was upon sitting down beside her boss, when a frown lined across the pale handsome face.

With a great heave, Hai lifted the surprising light and shocked Kristen, and placed her squarely upon his laps. The resulting position is similar to how sleazy strippers entice their customers. As the dress is fairly short, unbeknownst to her, Kristen's privates are wholly exposed to the ministrations of Hai.

"Here are a few presents as greetings. Don't be so startled, you will find that I am as magnanimous as bosses go."

"Firstly, you require a form of identification to the ignorant masses, that you are my secretary. This will grant you a status, something that lets you stand above the others."

Hai said with a soft, but authoritative voice, as he produced what looks like a hybrid between a choker and a necklace. Kristen noticed that the jewels encrusted on the straps spell out HAI, before it was clasped around her neck. It was then she realized that was a collar, a pretty, expensive collar, but still a collar nonetheless. Had she had eyes at her back, she would notice it spelt out OWNED BY at the back of the collar.

It is considered rude by Chinese tradition to refuse gifts granted, that one should receive them with smiles. That was exactly what Kristen did.

"Secondly, I see that you are abiding by tradition customs to not put on underwear underneath a Qipao. That is very satisfactory indeed, and I must commend you for that. That being said, I feel that one still does require having some form of modesty. As such, this next gift does exactly that."

Amidst Kristen's blush at being praised, Hai retrieved a bulbous, crystalline object from the very same drawer he took the collar from, and in one swift motion and keen precision, before she even realise the identity of the object inserted into her tight butthole.

The sense of fullness Kristen felt after the deed was done confirmed her suspicions. The object that had just violated her tight, virgin ass is a butt plug. Without paying heed to Kristen, whose mouth has formed a perfect O from the shock of the sudden insertion, Hai continued his speech.

"My third and final gift, is a little more intimate, and comes in a set. I've noticed your earrings. While they are pretty, I feel they do not truly bring out your charm. As such, I shall grant you this set of accessories."

Without even waiting for Kristen to recover from his previous gift, a small, silver tray was procured from that wondrous drawer that seemed to hold all treasures. On it are 5 separate pieces of expensive looking piercings. 2 of which are encrusted in rubies, and the remaining 3 are unmistakable diamonds.

"Now these, I hope you can put on during your own free hours. I would be very happy to see these upon your body. I trust that you will be able to find out for yourself where to put these on. They had been adequately labelled after all."

Just like that, their introduction is over, as he carefully separates himself from Kristen, leaving her in quite a daze, and retreated into what seemed like his real work quarters without a word. As her sore bottom ached while she collected her thoughts, there is a certain sense of lack of fulfilment sweeping across her entity.

Was I hoping that he would continue? Am I... attracted to him? To that behaviour?

As she was left to herself, a myriad of thoughts ran through her head. Questions she had never even imagined popped up one after another. It wasn't until a half an hour later that she finally gathered enough wit to gander upon her latest acquisition, the silver tray of wares.

As even the tray, the mere container is made of pure silver, something that could fetch quite an amount on the open market. The jewelleries that the tray is presented on naturally are of immense, astronomical value.
