 Koroko had quite a hard time believing his luck. Two weeks ago, in an odd, un-stealthy manner, he infiltrated a drow outpost and broke into the temporary home of a dark elven woman on a twisted, idiotic booty call. Much to his or honestly anyone's surprise, Koroko actually got laid, although it was in a tortuously erotic manner, and somehow managed to survive the entire ordeal. More still, the drow woman had taken a liking to Koroko. Now Arora Tisilira, who styled herself as the human's master, and himself were en route to a dwarven town named Athorven for reasons known only to the dark elf. 

For a village dwelling hick like Koroko this little trek had been a real eye opener; never before had he seen such scenic mountains or magnificent valleys. The sight of the majestic, snow capped Rogoli Mountains had left the human awe struck by their natural beauty. Perhaps foolishly, Koroko wanted to traverse the mountain passes. Arora, however, wisely chose to use the dwarven tunnel through the mountain; this bypassed both the harshest of the terrain and reduced a week of travel to around a day of walking. Now the duo found themselves on the outskirts of the dwarf lands. 

Koroko had grown curious about Arora's so called friend living in Athorven. All that he'd been told was that her friend was a female dwarf. He had seen dwarves, merchants mostly, in Glendall before. There were a dozen or so at any given time, proudly selling dwarven weapons and armor. However, he had noted that every single one of them had a beard; a big, bushy beard that reeked of powerful dwarven booze. Not once did he see anything resembling a woman among them. It was unlikely, he thought, that a female dwarf merchant had never visited Glendall. One of those bearded booze hounds had to have been female. Suddenly he had a vision, a vision of a female dwarf with a waist length beard. She was completely nude and covered in thick, woolly body hair. The image in his head made him shiver with fear and disgust. For a brief moment his stomach churned.

"Oh man, this is not going to be good. We'll get there and she'll be a bearded lady. I feel like throwing up just at the idea." Koroko thought to himself. The thought had festered in the back of his mind for days. If only to change the picture in his head, he asked, "Hey Arora, what kind of person is your friend?"

"Well she's pretty loud and a bit of a hard drinker. And she's pretty mean with a war hammer. Course right now she's probably so pent up that she's ready to burst," replied Arora, who was intently watching their surroundings.

'Pent up? Why?" 

"Dwarves can be a fickle bunch when it comes to sex. Most of them at least," she replied.

"Oh greeeaaattt, that means not even the dwarf men will have her. She must be hideous even by their standards." Koroko thought while his stomach churned as a new, pickle-nosed visage of a dwarf woman came to mind. "I-I think I'm gonna be sick," he gagged slightly from the thought.

"There's the village." Arora said, pointing to a palisade wall-enclosed village atop a hill, "We'd better hurry. Sunset will be here soon and this is one area of dwarven territory you don't want be out in at night." Arora warned, picking up her pace slightly.

"Why's that? This place seems to be pretty safe, safer than Glendall at least." Koroko replied; he quickly scanned the landscape around them.

"Rogue orc raiders, they're pretty vicious in this area. They've been harassing the people here for years." Arora explained as they drew closer to the village, "The orcs wouldn't dare attack the dwarves' villages, but the hills are another story."

"Waaah? Wait, wait, wait! Why are there orcs here?" Koroko asked. Orcs were one of the most powerful races on the planet. They controlled a vast empire centered in the north-eastern desert, past Glendall and the frontier. In the centuries before Arizian Empire rose to power, they waged war on the other races and had enslaved tens of thousands. But in modern times, the orcs had become mere boogiemen. Generations of little contact had reduced former orcish glories to mere legend. However the threat they posed was still real.

"They're low orcs, ones from the slave castes mostly. During the old wars some of them escaped into the mountains and started living there. They lack the high orc's intelligence or finesse though, but they're still very brutal fighters," Arora explained, "But their mostly a nuisance since their numbers are low."

"T-t-that's reassuring..." Koroko stammered. He now found himself glancing over his shoulder towards the quickly encroaching shadows. After a moment of pondering, he sped up his strides.

Koroko had noted that Athorven was far smaller than Glendall. Unlike his home, Athorven's outer wall was only a palisade around ten feet high with a wooden platform behind it; a far cry from his home's fifteen foot crenellated stone walls. While a palisade was sufficient against mere low orc raiders, Koroko had his doubts that against an organized force it would take little effort to breach the town. Although there was a major difference, Glendall was a frontier town, a large one at that, while Athorven was a tiny village located near the heartland of the Arizian Empire.

Before Koroko realized it, the gate of Athorven stood in front of him, "We're here," informed Arora, "Hey! Garel, it's me Arora, open up!" she shouted at a bearded dwarf in the tower.

"Arora? Well long time no see! What brings you here?" the dwarf shouted back to her before shouting down to dwarves on the ground.

"I'm here to visit Meila, We've come to pick her up," Arora shouted back.

"Oh god, please don't say that," noted Koroko. Arora silenced Koroko with a quick jab from her elbow.

Garel turned to the dwarves below, "Open 'er up! We got a visitor." The sound of grinding wood could be heard as the crossbar was pulled off. A small clap followed before the main gate swung inwards.

"Thanks Garel." Arora waved as she passed by the tower. Despite his intense wish to be outside the village and far away from his vision of bearded dwarf women, he followed Arora inside regardless. All hope for escape slipped away as the gate closed behind them. "There's her house." Arora said, pointing to a small stone and log building next to the town square.

Koroko, who was still dreading this meeting, glanced around at the people in the village. Except for a few merchants and a few dozen mercenaries, perhaps a few travelers, most of the villagers were dwarves, all with coarse beards and stocky builds. Reality descended on the human; female dwarves really did have beards. Koroko dry heaved at the mere thought of having to sleep with such a creature.

His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Arora knocking on the door. "Oh shit, oh shit, we're here." Koroko panicked. To him, it felt as if he was standing at the colossal, skull-clad gates of hell, with a monstrous dwarf woman waiting to toss him in the fire and violate him with a white-hot poker, or worse. 

As his dread reached its apex, the engraved wood door swung open, however to his great surprise the thing that greeted them had neither a beard nor did it carry the overpowering smell of dwarven booze. In fact, the creature in front of him looked more like a young human girl instead of the beastly bearded she-dwarf that he imagined. She spoke in a high-pitched, cute sounding voice, "Arora! You said you'd be gone a week, what the hell kept you?!" 

"Hello Meila," Arora said with a slight grin, "Enjoying Athorven I take it?"

"Like hell I am!" she was shouting, loudly, "This place sucks worse than Koganusan!"

"The directions I got from that human were wrong, my mistake."

"Wouldn't have happened if you'd let me come with you back to Varam with you..." Meila, as she Arora had called her, stood only about four foot five. She was thin but not bony and despite her lithe frame she still managed to have a subtle, yet attractive looking set of hips. Her hair was an odd bright pink as well as her eyes; this was a color wholly unknown outside of dwarven females. Meila had answered the door with only a pair of extremely revealing shorts and a small, sleeveless shirt that barely reached her lower ribs. It looked more like underwear than actual clothing. 

"Bwah?!" Koroko exploded in laughter; he tried but failed to contain it further, "This is your friend? She looks like a kid! I thought you said dwarf women have beards." 

"No one said that, remember?" Arora replied after taking a step away from the laughing human.

"Oh right," he continued laughing hysterically, "But seriously, who would've thought your friend is a little girl. I guess everything you said was a joke, rig..."

Koroko didn't notice the silence that had fallen over the other two; his danger sense completely missed the incoming blow. 

"Oofh!" Koroko grunted as the small dwarf girl planted her foot squarely in Koroko's stomach with enough force to eject all the air out of his lungs. It was one hell of a kick; an audible crack thundered throughout the house.

"You called me a WHAT?!" the dwarf girl grabbed Koroko by the back of his collar and screamed, "I'm not a little kid you scrawny, needle-headed, crot-brained prick!" Meila was fuming and looked primed to beat poor, now doubled over on his knees with his forehead touching the ground in pain, Koroko, "Arora! Just what the hell is with you bringing this rude asshole with you!? You leave me here for three months and then you show up with this dumb human bastard, you got some nerve!"

"Sorry but Koroko here has yet to learn proper manners when dealing with a lady," Arora crouched down and gave Koroko a quick slap on the ass, "But don't worry, I got you something special." Koroko's body twitched as his name was mentioned.

"You better have, this stupid ass completely ruined my mood for the day." Meila poked the top of Koroko's head with her heel, "Now are you going to come in or are you going stand outside all day?" She stepped back and motioned for the duo to step inside. Arora nodded, reached down, and helped Koroko to his feet. Unsteadily and still holding his stomach, Koroko took a step over the brim and cracked his head on the low door frame. He quickly grabbed his forehead and let out another agonized grunt.

"Oh and watch your head," Meila said, "Stupid humans hit their heads on it."

"Oh gee, thanks, I see that now." Koroko said in a sarcastic tone, "Praise be to the all-knowing dwarf midget."

"You wanna die, bitch?" she brandished her first with a malicious scowl. Despite the sharp pain in his head, the dull, deep ache in his stomach, a lack of air in his lunges, and the sixth sense that warned him of his impending death, Koroko's eyes couldn't help but focus in on Meila's small but delightfully shaped buttocks. She was still quite cute, despite being violent. 

"Er, ah... I want live," Koroko put his hands in front of him.

"Good choice." she sneered and turned her back towards him.

Still silent, Arora ducked and stepped in behind Koroko; she promptly closed and latched the door behind them. She tossed her pack in the corner with let out a sigh of relief.

For a moment the dwarf woman examined the duo from head to toe. With a disappointed look, Meila crossed her arms and spoke with an annoyed tone, "So, you said you were bringing me a present. Where is it?"

"Oh yeah, I was wondering about that Arora, I didn't carry any presents and I didn't see you packing anything." Koroko sat down his backpack against the wall next to Arora's.

"You have legs, you can walk," Arora replied from the couch. She had already begun stripping off her boots. 

"Uh, hu?" Koroko replied with a surprised look.

"You're her present," Arora said as she stretched out on the couch.

"W-wait, you're giving me to her? I could use an explanation here..." Koroko glanced between Arora and Meila several times.

"It's simple. Meila here doesn't find drunk, hairy dwarf hunters and lumberjacks attractive. So she doesn't get any sex in this village. So, to help alleviate that, I'm giving you to her for the next few hours. So strip off your clothes and make sure she enjoys herself." Arora said, in a fairly demanding voice, "If she gives you an order, you better do whatever she tells you too, got it?"

"S-sure!" Koroko stammered, "But is it ok to do it with someone as young as her?"

"Young? I'm older than you loser! In fact, I'm more than twice your age! If you were a dwarf, you'd be illegal for me to even touch!" Meila shouted, "Why the hell should I let this loser fuck me?" Koroko's manhood instinctively throbbed again on hearing her last sentence for unknown reasons. Suddenly, for him, the air and grown very hot and annoyingly humid. "The thought of this chump bucking on top of me for thirty seconds is disgusting!"

"T-thirty seconds?!" Koroko stammered, "Oh come on! I can last longer than that!"

"Oh right," she tossed a coy glance at Koroko, "I guess thirty seconds would be too much for your little dick to handle. Maybe two seconds?"

Koroko snorted, but Arora spoke up before he could reply.

"Don't let his dopy looks and lousy manners fool you. He's got a pretty big dick and his stamina isn't half bad. I'm still ironing out his technique though." Arora gave a pleasant smile, "Besides, doing him beats drunken hunters with ale-stained beards, right?"

"Gah," Meila covered her face with both hands, "Damn it, I must be getting desperate to actually consider this," the lithe dwarf woman sighed, "By the way Arora, where did you find this guy?"

"He snuck into my house thinking he'd get lucky," Arora bluntly replied, "It took off from there."

"You actually fucked a random stranger in your house? Oh boy, you really are a total slut." Meila giggled. A hint of interest crossed her face.

"I'm not the dwarf girl famous for taking orc co..." Arora failed to finish her sentence. She did start stripping off her leather clothing however.

"Hey! We had an agreement on that on that, remember?" Meila pointed at the drow menacingly.

"Yeah... I remember. Anyways, he's yours until morning. Feel free to do whatever you want to him." Arora finished stripping surprisingly quick despite the amount of buckles on her clothes, "I'm going to take a shower. Just try not to break him." Arora vanished into the bathroom.

Meila gave out aloud, frustrated groan before perking back up to her normal energetic self. She pulled Koroko through the bedroom door a few feet away, "Alright you, consider today your lucky day! You get the once in a life time chance to fuck me! Now, take off your clothes."

"Oh, right," Koroko replied as he started fumbling with his belt.

"By the way," she extended her hand out to Koroko, "My name is Meila, Meila Aveidout." Koroko reached out and grabbed the small hand in front of him. He started to shake it. "You idiot! You're supposed to kiss a lady's hand, not shake it," she shouted, "Man you're so hopeless." 

Koroko nodded and pressed his lips against the back of her hand. "What was your name again?" Meila asked with an annoyed tone.

Koroko pulled his mouth back and spoke, "Koroko, just Koroko."

"Don't you have a last name?" Meila scowled.

"Well, I was a war orphan, so no." He replied while rubbing his cheek with a finger, "Everyone just always calls me Koroko."

Meila sighed in annoyance again, "Such a girly ass name." She noticed Koroko still hadn't removed his pants. With a scowl she grimaced, dropped to her knees, grabbed a hold of the waistband of Koroko's pants, and roughly pulled his pants and underwear to his ankles in one quick jerk. In the same instant, Koroko's manhood jumped free from the cloth and pointed itself straight at Meila's face. It would twitch every couple of seconds only a few inches from Meila's mouth.

"Whoa... this is pretty big... I haven't seen a human this size in years. " Meila's entire demeanor changed in a heartbeat. She carefully wrapped her left forefinger and thumb around the base of his manhood. Teasingly she licked her free index finger and lightly traced it along the underside of his member from the base to the tip. Slowly she dragged her finger across Koroko's frenulum and over the middle of his glans; her digit smeared the large glob of pre-cum over the tip of his manhood. She pressed the wet glob to the top of his glans and then swirled her finger around the tip of his manhood. 

Meila's carefully teased the end of his shaft, making sure to keep the soft tip of her finger pressed against his sensitive flesh. Quickly Koroko's manhood quickly became very, very sensitive. Meila's soft touch made his manhood feel massive in size; every soft touch along his shaft was transmitted to his glans, slowly driving him higher.

"Ya know, for a dorky human like yourself, you really got a delicious looking cock here. It almost makes up for that shlumpy posture and your manners." Meila said while lightly stroking Koroko's glans between her forefinger and thumb. Carefully, she wrapped her lips around the wet tips and gently sucked against the tip. She pulled her lips back and Koroko's glans popped free from her mouth with a soft, wet pop.

"Heh, thanks." he blushed a bit.

"You better know how to use this thing," she kissed the head of his manhood once again. 

Koroko let out a shallow, shaky breath as Meila's soft touch excited his senses. The touch of her lips was exhilarating, but it was a teasing pleasure. Such soft touches would never bring him to climax, but they ignited his desire to an unimaginable high. His manhood was throbbing now, practically twitching in arousal, and was almost painfully hard. Pre-cum continued to ooze from his shaft.

"Like it?" Meila pressed her thumb against Koroko's frenulum and wrapped her slender fingers around the shaft. Her soft digits squeezed Koroko's tender flesh, pushing it against the hard tissue beneath. 

"You're really good at this," Koroko said, unable to break his gaze from Meila's captivating eyes. 

"My hand jobs are fine, but of course they're just for foreplay. My pussy is the real treat." Meila gave a cute grin as she dragged her fingers along the shaft and over his tip. Shudders ran up Koroko's spine as she gently pinched his glans between her index and her thumb. 

Meila released her grip on the base of his cock and gently wrapped the fingers of her left hand around Koroko's shaft. Her fingers slowly slid up his manhood, moving his skin against the head of his member. Teasingly she dragged the end of her tongue over his glans, making sure her warm breath brushed his cock. 

"Guh," Koroko let out an audible moan, "R-really?" Koroko had to force out his words through his shallow breathing. Meila's face showed just how sexually starved she was. Despite having not been touched, she was already panting quite heavily in anticipation and had begun to show a few nervous habits. Repeatedly she had licked her lips but now she resorted to nibbling on her bottom one. Her breathing was marked by a light tremor.

"Uh huh," Meila said as she smeared the latest glob of pre-cum down his cock, "It's a real treat. It's really tight, and wet, and really warm. And I bet you won't last a minute in it." She said the last bit with a taunting tone. Meila started gathering saliva in her mouth as she slowly stroked Koroko's manhood next to her cheek. Her eyes hungrily gazed upon the shaft for several moments until she caught herself staring and looked back up at Koroko. With a coy smile she parted her lips and slowly pushed half the length of Koroko's shaft into her wet mouth. 

"H-heyy, I'm not that quick of a shot. Heck as much as Arora and I have been doing it, it's been taking me a long time to cum." Small, warm streams of saliva flowed down his shaft as Meila's tongue swirled around his head. The sensation sent shivers up his spine that made his legs weak.
