 Cyra was dressed in tight black pants and a sleeveless tunic that accentuated the size of her breasts while staying loose around her midriff. Her daggers were sheathed at her hips, with a smaller throwing dagger in each of her black boots. She had her pale blonde hair pulled back tight in a short pony tail, and petite brown horns were bedecked with a golden ring on each. The tiefling had a diamond stud in her left nostril and sparkling diamond dust on her eyelids. She felt it necessary to paint her lips with black, to match the naturally black fingernails and toenails. Her eyes were smoldering embers of red-orange around black pupils and glanced back and forth as she strolled through Everlund.

Cyra was wondering why she had decided to go perusing the Bell Market today, at this time, when she should be back with Lura to fuck her after her return. Such is life, Cyra told herself, and blew out a frustrated sigh. Lately, she found herself aroused and in need more often than before in her life. She wanted to blame Lura, the lovely little trollop, but couldn't bring herself to. The damned drow didn't discourage her wanton sexual release, though, and for that, Cyra found herself thankful. Her world had improved manifold since meeting the former high priestess of Lolth. 

Her path headed east, away from the Dreaming Dragon, past the Lady's Tree, where Athytia Starbreeze eyed her as curiously as she had Lura, and onward to the Knightsbridge, that spanned the River Rauvin. Once over that bridge, she was in the Bell Market, and found herself wandering, despite the ache in her feet. Her curiosity was piqued when she noticed a leatherworker's shop with several vests on display in the window, as well as what appeared to be corsets the likes of which she had never seen. She approached and pushed the door open. A musical chime sounded as she entered, and the scent of leather and metal filled her nose. She smiled, hooking her thumbs on the waist of her tight pants as she began to meander around, eyeing the different pieces displayed. To her dismay, though, she saw none of the corsets she had seen from the window.

"May I help you?" came a pleasant voice. Cyra perked up and looked to the source of the voice, then smiled sweetly, her petite fangs poking into her lower lip. "Oh my, aren't you a fascinating thing."

"Indeed," Cyra said, her smile diminishing a little.

"I meant no offense," the woman said as she wove through the stands of armor and vests. "I simply meant you are quite exotic. I have never seen a tiefling before, and I must say you are quite the specimen!"

"Ah, well thank you," Cyra said. She studied the woman, a human in her middle years. She had dark hair that was pulled back in a loose pony tail. Her legs were clad in snug leather breeches and she wore a leather vest with nothing underneath. Cyra noticed that it was low cut, revealing generous cleavage, much more bounteous than Lura's elven breasts, even if they were large for her race. By Cyra's estimation, this woman's breasts were easily two of her handfuls, and she felt her mouth water at the thought of burying her face between them. She was tall, also, taller than Cyra and Lura, at almost six feet tall with long legs. Perfect, Cyra thought.

"Bah, where are my manners," the woman said as she stood in front of Cyra at last. "I am Alluva Dunnan, proprietor of this fabulous shop and crafter of all that you see around you."

"I am Cyra," the tiefling said, taking the woman's hand as she extended it. She bent to kiss it, as was her way of finding out which way a woman swung. It smelled of leather and curing agents, but she did not tense or recoil as her lips pressed firmly against the fingers. In fact, when Cyra stood, Alluva was eyeing her with a grin on her face. "You have fine craftsmanship," Cyra said, her desire stoked. "But there is a corset in the window, and I'm afraid I don't see any on display in here."

"Ah, the corset," Alluva said, biting her lip. "That is for a discerning eye to notice. I am glad you did. Come, I keep such things in a separate room for customers that know what they want."

Alluva grabbed Cyra's hand and pulled her back to a back room and shut the door behind them. To Cyra's delight, it was a room with walls lined with corsets, some dyed different colors. The human turned abruptly and pushed Cyra against the door, pinning her pointed tail against her butt. The woman leaned in and breathed lightly on the tiefling's neck and ear, making Cyra shudder with lust. Alluva pulled away slowly. "Perhaps I can fit you for a custom corset?"

"Absolutely," Cyra said huskily, her eyes burning into the woman.

"Very good!" Alluva said, abruptly separating herself from the tiefling. "Kindly remove your shirt and bra, if you fancy one..." she turned to look over her shoulder, smirking, and added, "which you clearly do not." With a wink, she went off into a closet, then reappeared with some measuring tape.

Cyra quickly shucked her sleeveless tunic, the red-tinged skin of her breasts shining and her dark, almost black nipples quickly hardening with excitement. She bit her lip, her small fangs poking a bit further than her other teeth. Alluva looked up from her tape, and stopped in mid-step, a grin slowly crawling across her face as she walked, a bit slower this time, to stand in front of the tiefling.

"Arms out wide," Alluva said, her voice quiet as her eyes roamed the tiefling's body. By comparison, the fire-tinted body before her appeared younger in years to Alluva's, but the middle-aged woman could tell the taut body had seen its share of years. For herself, Alluva was proud of her body and the firm figure she retained even past her fourth decade of life in Everlund, thanks in part to the magical enhancements she had purchased for her breasts, bottom, and stomach.

She began taking her measurements, attempting to be as business like as possible as her tape stretched around Cyra's large breasts. They were as big as her own, she figured, and more perky. Her envy was swallowed by her desire. She measured the taper of her stomach, and the flare of her hips, and, again, were it not for the intense arousal the red-hued body was igniting within her she would have been too envious to continue her measurements. With a pat on Cyra's bottom, Alluva walked away into another room, and shut the door behind her.

Cyra put her hands on her hips as she waited, then crossed them under her breasts, feeling their weight resting comfortably on her forearms. The burning arousal that was making her pants uncomfortable made her frequently shift from foot to foot. As Alluva's tape measured her, the light touches and almost teasing manner in which her tape slid across Cyra's skin had almost driven the tiefling crazy. Her infernal heritage made for a brash, wanton personality, and her patience was limited as it was. To the Hells with the corset, Cyra thought to herself, I should have pushed her against the door and fucked her on the spot!

After several interminable minutes, Alluva finally appeared from her sequestered room, a grin on her face and a black corset dangling leather straps and untied strings. 

"Arms out again, lovely," Alluva said in her distinguished voice.  Sultry was the word Cyra thought of when she spoke. The tiefling obeyed and Alluva went through the jerking, jarring process of fitting the black leather corset to the tiefling's torso. Cyra heard the rub of leather on leather as straps on the back of the corset were pulled tight, jerking her body this way and that in the process. She looked down and saw the black leather pressing and pushing her breasts together and upward, and grinned at her own cleavage. Her nipples were hard against the unforgiving leather, and she relished in the sensation. 

Then, Alluva walked around to her front and tied some strings tight up her sides and on the front to secure the corset. The human backed away and looked at her handiwork, index finger tapping her pursed lips as she stared pensively. 

"It does not match your pants, I'm afraid," the woman said. "I shall have to fashion you complimenting boots, as well."

"How much will this cost me?" Cyra asked, her hands idly running up and down the leather.

"For you? A good night's fuck. Perhaps two. Maybe three. Consider it an indefinite contract so long as you're in Everlund!" Both women laughed, but Alluva did not offer any real price. Cyra, who very much intended to get in several good lays with this enchanting woman, simply could not bring herself to complain. 

"A skirt," Alluva said suddenly.

"What?"

"A skirt would compliment that perfectly!"

"I'm afraid I don't do skirts," the tiefling said, frowning a bit. Alluva fixed her with a wry smile.

"You'll do this skirt, I promise," she said as she walked back into the adjacent room. She returned with a skirt fashioned from the same leather, in the same style, as her corset. 

"You just keep these things laying around your shop hoping for a customer like me?" Cyra asked skeptically.

"Of course not," Alluva said, laughing. "I was making them for myself! But the only other woman around here that even could be arousing is my daughter, and only because she inherited my body. I don't keep it in the family, if you catch my drift. This is all better suited for you, anyway, and on that skin...well, it's just breathtaking!"

Cyra would have blushed, were she a polite lady, but she ate up the flattery, and simply grinned, agreeing with every word as she gazed at the ruddy valley of her cleavage descending into the black leather. "Fine, I'll try the skirt."

"Remove your pants," Alluva said, a professional tone to her voice. Cyra looked at her with a grin.

"You," she commanded, putting her hands on her hips. Alluva started to protest, but stopped and grinned as well, coming forward and kneeling before the tiefling.



"This is hardly professional," she said in a purr of a voice. Cyra smiled all the wider.

Alluva unfastened the pants and hooked her fingers over the waistband, slowly pulling downward. A small tuft of blonde hair that Cyra had let grow above her slit greeted the human, and she held her breath as the pants slid ever lower. A fragrant, heady scent assaulted her, watering her mouth and her loins simultaneously. The hot, cinnamon-like odor quickly created a heated, sexual atmosphere around the two as Alluva finally saw the upper part of Cyra's peak, including the hood of her clit which was standing out proudly among the glistening lips. She wondered at the contrast of the pink nether lips surrounded by the ruddy, reddish hue of the tiefling's skin.

Alluva pushed the pants down around the tiefling's ankles, eyes never leaving the pink cleft between her thighs. The woman ran her nails up and down Cyra's thighs, watching as the tiefling clenched her muscles in anticipation whenever her fingers came close to the moist slit. Alluva moved forward, kissing lightly along the insides of Cyra's thighs as the tiefling stepped out of her crumpled pants to give the human woman better access to her steaming honey pot. On a whim, Cyra put her hands on the human's forehead, pushing Alluva away and standing imperiously over her.

"Dress me, now," Cyra demanded. A grin on her face, Alluva knee-walked forward, holding the leather skirt out for Cyra to step into. She slid the cool leather up Cyra's legs and pulled two buckles on the either side of the waist tight to secure the skirt. Alluva looked longingly at Cyra's midriff, where the front of her corset arced down to a point just above the leather skirt. The skirt itself went to about mid-thigh on the tiefling, leaving half of her finely toned thighs enticingly exposed. It didn't fan out very much, Alluva noted with satisfaction. The skirt hugged her thighs for the most part, only going loose as it reached the end of its length.

"A mirror?" Cyra asked. Alluva went to the wall and rolled a full length mirror in front of Cyra, who smiled at her reflection. "I need knee-high boots to match this," she said matter-of-factly. She cut a striking figure in her tight, leather corset and leather skirt, but she would feel more powerful with thick-heeled leather boots to cover her shins. Alluva seemed to agree as she looked silently on, nodding absently. 

Finally, Cyra let her lust consumer her. She pulled a chair to her side and propped her foot on its padded surface. She looked in the mirror, watching her skirt ride up to reveal her shadowed loins. "Eat me," she commanded, pointing at the floor before her. Alluva moved without hesitation, coming before her and dropping to her knees. Without preamble, she dove face first into the hot folds of the tiefling's unnaturally warm pussy. Steam rose from her nether lips as Alluva's tongue dove between them. The warm, almost burning taste of cinnamon assaulted her tongue, driving it into a frenzy as she lapped hungrily along the tiefling's slit.

Cyra watched Alluva in the mirror, hunger in her eyes as her hands wrapped around the back of the woman's head, burying in her flowing hair. She watched her own body writhing and jerking with Alluva's tongue, and found her movements sensual, sexual, and became more aroused just by watching her own gyrations. Grinning fiendishly, she started growling instead of moaning, thrusting her pelvis against Alluva's mouth. Helpless against the stronger tiefling, Alluva could only hold her tongue out and let Cyra face-fuck her with her wet cunt. 

Not that Alluva minded in the least. Her hand was buried in her leather breeches, furiously rubbing at her own sopping clitoris while she drank down all the juice she could suck out of Cyra's hot pussy. And when the tiefling began to fuck her mouth with her steaming pussy, Alluva simply held her tongue out, rigid, and felt the hard bud of the tiefling's clit rubbing again and again over the tip of her tongue. She brought her free hand up and slid two fingers at once into the scalding pool of Cyra's canal. Alluva instantly felt the tiefling clench around her fingers, heard her breath catch at the back of her throat, and the strong fingers grasp her hair, pulling several strands out as a small orgasm shook her body briefly.

"Sune's tits," Cyra breathed. She slipped her fingers around Alluva's neck and pulled the woman to her feet, face to face with her. She could smell her own cunt on the woman's lips and face and hungrily kissed her, lashing her tongue against Alluva's before licking all around her lips and face. The tiefling reached down and pulled Alluva's hand from her pussy, savagely sucking on the dew-laden digits. She then loosened the front of her corset and pulled her heavy, perky breasts out. They sat atop the rigid corset, still pressed up firmly, presented to Alluva. Cyra rubbed her fingers over her dark red nipples while she and Alluva admired the perfect bust.

Cyra abruptly stopped and again grasped Alluva's head, pulling her face down to her breasts. "Suck my tits, woman," Cyra demanded, reaching down to force her black-nailed fingers into Alluva's leather breeches. A high-pitched squeal of delight from Alluva was muffled by the firm breast smothering her face while she sucked, hard, on Cyra's turgid nipple. Without mercy, the tiefling thrust her fingers into the woman's accommodating canal, thrusting them in and out, or curling them within the hotbox, or alternating between the two methods. Within moments, Alluva was making staccato squeals into Cyra's nipple, vibrating it as she came on the tiefling's skilled fingers.

"It's time to take these off," Cyra said commandingly as she pulled her breast from Alluva's suckling mouth. She grasped the woman's pants and jerked them down, letting them fall to her ankles. "Brace your hands against the wall, and bend over."

Alluva complied immediately. She spread her legs just past shoulder-width and saw Cyra kneeling down, her breasts spilling out over her corset as she placed the palms of her hands on Alluva's fair-skinned butt. Her eyes were fixated on the perfect orbs of Cyra's breasts as she felt her cheeks spread open and a long, dexterous tongue slide from her anus to the top of her crack. Again, a long, slow stroke ascended the crack of her ass, and she couldn't restrain a low groan of satisfaction. 

Cyra was quite pleased with her view. From behind, she could see the glistening line her tongue had left from the human woman's anus to the top of her crack. The tight little rosebud stared back at her, pristine and glistening with moisture from Cyra's tongue and wetness from Alluva's pussy. The tiefling could also see the lower portion of Alluva's slit, which was soaking wet and swollen with desire. Grinning, Cyra pulled a hand back and landed a heavy smack on one cheek, then repeated on the other. Again, and again, she smacked the human on her ass, bringing a brilliant rosy color to the flesh. Alluva gasped at the contact, then began to moan as the stinging pain turned to burning pleasure. It was then that Cyra spread her cheeks wide again, her tongue planting itself on the tight rosebud while her fingers plunged into her cunt. 

Alluva cried out, then began whimpering as she felt the tiefling's long tongue prodding against her rear entrance. She relaxed as best she could, and felt the soft, agile tongue slip inside her anus. She groaned softly as Cyra licked out her asshole, and reached down to pay heed to her clitoris, standing impertinent out from her pussy. She rubbed it furiously as Cyra licked her ass and finger-fucked her cunt.

But Cyra would not let her cum, not like this. She stood abruptly, seizing Alluva by the hair and pulling her slowly from the wall. "Lay down before me, human," she said. Alluva was slow to comply, but Cyra enjoyed the meandering way she moved, savoring each movement of the middle-aged woman's finely shaped body. Then she was on the ground, on her back, with her legs spread and knees arched, breasts perfectly formed atop her chest, and arms out wide. Cyra grinned and straddled one of her legs.

Alluva gasped at the sensation of the tiefling's pussy pressing against her thigh, the nether lips spread out on her soft skin. Then she was forced to gasp again as one of Cyra's toned thighs pressed up against her wet cunny. Slowly, the tiefling began to grind her hips against the woman's thighs, and Alluva could not resist mimicking the action, thrusting wantonly against the shapely thigh. 

The two shapely females became a writhing, gyrating form, moaning loudly in the back room of the leather shop. Cyra leaned down, holding herself over Alluva with one strong arm while squeezing and rubbing the woman's large breast with the other, occasionally nipping at her ear, neck or lips. Alluva buried her hands in Cyra's hair, grunting loudly, lewdly as they ground their respective sexes against each others thigh. Cyra slid her hand up to Alluva's neck, her fingers wrapped around her throat. Suddenly, she began to push her hand against the woman's throat, gently at first as she tested the waters. When Alluva didn't push her away, she pressed harder, until Alluva's air was cut off. 

Alluva's mouth opened in a silent cry of pleasure. Cyra felt her shaking and convulsing beneath her a the same time jets of clear liquid shot from the woman's pussy, soaking her thigh. She held her hand firmly throughout the entire orgasm, only releasing her when the orgasm subsided. Alluva gasped for air, thoroughly spent, and started laughing, which brought a smile to Cyra's face.

"What are you laughing at?" Cyra demanded, sitting back on the woman's thigh, her cunt still wet against it. 

"I've never been choked before, much less while cumming. It was amazing," she said, still catching her breath. 

"Do me," Cyra said as she laid back on the floor, her back against the wall. A wicked gleam shone in Alluva's eyes as Cyra reached her hand under the skirt, pulling it up to reveal her pink slit and began rubbing viciously on her clit, which stood out like a small pebble. The human woman came forward, her breasts hanging alluringly before Cyra as she pressed her hand against the tiefling's throat. Her other hand grasped one of the petite horns atop Cyra's head, jerking her head back to further exposed the gracefully formed neck. Cyra masturbated furiously, her fingers working quick, tight circles around her sensitive clit. Alluva pressed her hand against the tiefling's throat at just the right time, a few strokes before orgasm, and Cyra felt the convulsions and spasms of a ground shaking orgasm rock through her. Her breath caught as Alluva clenched her hand around her throat, and her head felt as if it would explode from the blood pressure. Then her orgasm hit full force, and the sensation was so profound, and intense, that she almost lost consciousness. Small squirts of clear fluid shot from her pussy, splattering against Alluva's thigh, which caused the woman to giggle.
