 Samon was sound asleep when the sun rose, but urgent knocking on his door roused him from that slumber. He had convinced the fiery tiefling that they should have a separate room from the one Lura shared with Mikhail and whoever else they took to bed, and she had agreed. He knew she had left him after their lovemaking session, but didn't figure she'd bother knocking to come back in. Towel around his waist for precaution, he opened the door. To his surprise, two of his father's House Guard were there in full uniform waiting for him.

"Samon Armanov?" the taller of the two asked. He nodded. "We regret to inform you that early this morning, before sunrise, your father was found murdered in his bedroom."

The words almost didn't even register to the man, and he prompted them to repeat themselves. They did, and his strength left him. He dismissed them and closed the door, scrambling to put on a pair of relaxed fit trousers and a loose blue tunic. Approaching the door again, he ran a calloused hand through his dark hair, then left, making the quickest possible path to the common room. A leather-clad elf passed him, but he paid her no heed, and didn't even notice the wary glance she shot him as she passed. He needed Cyra, that was all.

But when he made the common room and saw her splayed out on a table, legs spread like a common whore, still wearing the night shirt she had worn with him, his heart fell again. Emotion put his mind in an animal state, and he knew only instinct. His gaze locked on Mikhail, who sat with his flaccid cock hanging out of his breeches, and a red fire of rage ignited in his mind. Cyra was his mate, and both Mikhail and Cyra had betrayed that. He threw himself at Mikhail in a fury, his fist careening for the sleeping man's head. He connected, and the resounding crack of splintering bone was loud enough to rouse Cyra from her slumber. 

The tiefling was groggy, though, and did not know what was happening even as Samon grabbed Mikhail by the hair and jerked him off the booth seat. He mounted the unconscious man and began to rain down furious blows until a solid mass hit him square in the side. Cyra was atop him, snarling like a feral animal, eyes dark and horns long and curving atop her head. Her hands had morphed into cat-like talons and her snarling visage was complete with sharpened teeth. Primal fear welled up in Samon,, and Cyra released him, standing quickly and looking to Mikhail. His head and face was bleeding and his chest imperceptibly rose with breath. 

Cyra's body returned to normal and she pressed her hands to Mikhail's head and spoke words that were foreign even to her. Radiant light emanated from her hands and an unfamiliar warmth flowed down her arms as healing magic repaired the damage that had been done to Lura's lover. 

Naked save for the tattered night shirt, Cyra stood and whirled on Samon. "What in the Nine Hells are you doing?" she roared.

"I...I don't know," he stammered, standing slowly and backing into a wall. Cyra stalked him, taking measured steps toward him with anger in her eyes.

"I put trust in you, Samon, and is this how you will repay that?" Cyra asked in a low voice.

"The betrayal is yours," Samon said, gaining courage in the accusation. "I needed you, and I come down to find you splayed out like a common whore for another woman's mate. I don't need this, and I know that I sure as the Hells don't need you." A glare lingering on Cyra, Samon walked past her, never breaking eye contact until he passed her.

"Samon, wait," Cyra said, a measure of understanding hitting her. "What did you need me for?"

He stopped and turned in the same instant. "My father was murdered last night. I needed a shoulder. I'll go without." He made the door, but a sky-shattering scream stopped him. Samon recognized his sister's scream.

His eyes found Cyra's again, but didn't bother saying anything. He sprinted for the stairs, climbing them four at a time and charging into Lura's room. His sister was wrapped in a blanket, the serving girl Greta at her side, and both staring aghast at the figure crumpled out on the small balcony. He recognized Lura, and the black ichor that oozed from her slack mouth set him at alarm.

"Lura!" Cyra shouted. Mikhail was behind her, though still clearly dazed. She charged past Samon, the other human in tow, and leapt onto the balcony, the tiefling pulling the drow close and wiping her mouth with what remained of her nightshirt. Mikhail knelt opposite her, his hands grasping Lura's limp hands and bringing them to his face as he repeatedly murmured her name.

"She's not waking up," came a voice they all knew to some extent. 

Iliara stepped slowly into the room, still wearing her leather leggings from the previous night, but with a loose white blouse, unbuttoned down to her small cleavage. "Give me your shirt," she said to Cyra. The tiefling tossed the torn garment. Iliara sniffed it, then put her tongue to the black stain. "Darkstalk poison," she said.

"Why in the Hells does she have darkstalk poison in her mouth?" Cyra asked.

"Shar," Iliara said, anger welling up in her throat. "The Lady of Loss visited this upon your friend. I know, because she did it to me as well. Lura's spirit is gone from this place, but not for very long." Iliara knelt between Mikhail and Cyra, her hand pressing against Lura's chest. "She's cold, bring her in and wrap her in as many blankets as you can."

Lura was light, even for a well-proportioned drow maiden, and Cyra lifted her easily in arms honed by swordplay. The tiefling carried Lura's cool body into the bedroom and Varla and Greta dispersed immediately, donning their nudity without shame as they abandoned the thick blanket they had been wearing. 

"Who did you say caused this?" Mikhail asked Iliara.

"Shar, the Goddess of--"

"I know Shar," Mikhail said, his face clouding over. "More than you could possibly know."

"What are you talking about," Cyra asked, barely interested in the conversation Mikhail was having with the elf. 

"Lura's mind is in the Plane of Shadow," Mikhail said, "inhabiting a body like this. She is being taken to Shar's palace by the Despaired, creatures taken from the underbelly of this realm to serve Shar, as opposed to suffering on this plane.."

"You know a lot," Iliara said. "How?"

"I used to serve Shar," Mikhail said with gritted teeth as he moved to huddle over his love. "For much of my life I was homeless until a beautiful, pale woman came to me, telling me her mistress possessed great power and wealth, and compassion for those like me. She offered me a life of servitude, where all my needs would be taken care of, and I would never want for food, water, or shelter again. I accepted, and before I could draw my next breath I was on the Plane of Shadow. Lura knows all of this, knows what I experienced there. I could not keep my secret from her, because we have become so close and intimate. I still retain some of the power I had there."

To emphasize this point, Mikhail moved to a darkened part of the room, then completely faded from sight. He reemerged on the other side sheathed in wispy shadow. "I gave myself to Sune when I knew Lura had become her Chosen. We can only pray now that Shar does not succeed in whatever she has planned."

"She won't," Cyra said with determination, "even if I have to go there myself to save her."

Iliara scoffed. "You don't know what she has planned, or her power on that plane. You wouldn't stand a chance."

Mikhail's gaze snapped to the rogue. "Now you know much. And I see more than I did, Sharran." He approached the elf with a snarl, shadow fire sheathing his fists. He grabbed her by the collar of her blouse and pushed her into a wall. "What does that bitch want with my Lura," he demanded.

"To turn her," Iliara said quietly, unable to hold Mikhail's gaze. 

"Turn her?" Cyra asked, standing from Lura's side. She approached the elf as well, her tiefling heritage lending her a sinister countenance.

"She wants to take Sune's Chosen for her own designs. I was to be the one to deliver Lura to Shar by subtler means of persuasion. Apparently, she was angered by my actions last night and decided to take things into her own hands," Iliara said.

"What actions?" Mikhail asked, releasing the elf.

"An assassination of some deviant lord," Iliara said. "I don't see what the issue is, though, Shar's never had an issue with my work before."

"What was his name?" Samon demanded, pushing Mikhail aside. "Armanov? Was it Armanov?!"

"Yes," Iliara said. "Those girls were over there, said they didn't mind it either. He was apparently too much of a degenerate for their tastes, what with his drug addictions, prostitutes, and submission to several mistresses."

"Liar!" Samon yelled, backhanding her across the face. "That was my father!"

Varla seized Samon and pulled him away from the elf. Iliara spat a bit of blood from her mouth and glared. "It's true," Varla said. "All of it. We never let you know because you cared so much about our father, even though you were never at home. He hasn't done a good thing since mother died."

"I don't believe you," Samon said, glaring at Varla. "I'm going home to see the truth for myself." He ran out the door, leaving them with the more important matter of Lura's safety.

"What are we going to do?" Mikhail asked Cyra. She looked at him with watery eyes, then to Iliara.

"I'm going to talk to Sune," she said, determination in her voice. "Get me Lura's incense and her robe, Mikhail." He nodded and went to a closet. Cyra looked at Iliara. "As for you, I suggest you don't go too far. You'll make amends for your service to Shar, I promise." Iliara only nodded. Somewhere in the elf's heart, she knew she had been wrong all those years ago, that her very first lover's betrayal had shown her a path she should have never laid eyes on. Feeling sadness for the first time in decades, Iliara sat on a chair in the corner, watching as Cyra bathed thoroughly and Mikhail set up Lura's incense and censer.

Cyra stepped from the steaming shower cubicle and didn't bother drying her ruddy skin, relishing in the cool air as it danced across her taut flesh. Her nipples stood on end, impudent and rigid, as she removed the thick red robe that Lura had been given by Sune. With a glance at her unconscious friend, she threw the robe on, closing her eyes as the distinct scent of the drow bard wafted to her nostrils. She felt the magic of the robe take hold, forming a sympathetic bond with her will. It parted up the back, allowing her tail to comfortably slip out and wave around on its own. It softened to silk and lost some opacity, her burnished red nipples visible through the red veil. The final touch was a shrinkage of the fabric so that it draped down only to mid-thigh and parted before her large breasts. 

Cyra didn't bother with the enchanted pleasure rod that Lura sometimes used, but simply gathered the censer and incense from Mikhail, setting it on the floor before a thick blanket. She sat with legs spread on either side of the incense, her tail resting languidly near her left thigh, and she leaned back against the foot of the bed. 

"Come, Mikhail," she said. "Your assistance will help, I think."

The human nodded, glanced at Iliara, who seemed to be watching with avid anticipation, and disrobed, tossing his shirt to the floor and dropping his pants as he walked toward Cyra. He tossed down a towel and laid on it, his face turned to see Cyra, who gave a small smile at the appreciation his gaze offered her. She looked down at his flaccid cock as he grasped it, slowly stroking, coaxing it to its impressively rigid state. 

As his hand began to stroke, she licked the tips of her fingers and settled herself against the back of the bed. She slid her black-nailed fingers over the smooth flesh of her pubic mound, pressing the sensitive flesh together and feeling the moisture already coating her inner petals. The tiefling bit her lip and slipped her ruddy finger into the pink folds within the juicy mound, letting out a long, ragged sigh as a curl of pleasure shot up into her stomach. 

Off to the side, Varla and Greta watched in disbelief, combined with a measure of excitement. The two girls, naked and hugging each other, noticed the pleasurable sensation of soft, pliable flesh against each other, and furtive glances were all the inspiration they needed to gently explore each others mouths. Their tongues danced about, hands on each others hips, gliding about their backs, and breasts pressing insistently together.

On the other side of the room, Iliara was experiencing similar sensations. Hers was born from the leather firmly pressed against the tight slit of her cunny and the loose fabric of her blouse grating insistently at her painfully erect nipples. The sights before her reminded her of her mother, oddly enough. Or not so oddly, in retrospect, as her mother had been a devout cleric of Hanali Celanil, the elven equivalent to Sune, and her mother had often engaged in masturbation rituals to commune with her goddess. Iliara recalled those moments, and looked to Lura, a drow that, for some reason, was growing very important to her. An irresistible urge to help the drow, a long-time enemy to her race, overcame her, and she unbuttoned her blouse. It spilled open, revealing the athletic, compact breasts and hard, berry violet nipples atop them. She untied her too-tight leather pants, and her hand slid timidly down the soft skin to her pliant slit.

Under any other circumstance, Mikhail would have felt an extremely lucky man, but the woman he loved was in dire need, and that was keeping him from performing up to his usual standards. He couldn't get Lura's limp form out of his head, and his cock was stuck somewhere between flaccid and rigid. So he turned his gaze at Cyra, the next best thing to Lura, and drank in her visage. The light in the room was dimmed, though he couldn't recollect anybody closing the shutters, but Cyra seemed to glow with an ethereal light. There was magic in the room, likely Sune's, though he had no way to confirm or deny that. But Cyra, the gorgeous, voluptuous tiefling, was sliding her fingers up and down her slit, fixing him with a determined gaze. 

"For Lura," the tiefling said to him in a throaty voice. 

Mikhail nodded, understanding, and his cock responded immediately. It became rigid in his grasp, and Cyra crawled like a stalking lioness toward him. She approached from his feet, crawling between his legs until her hips were atop his and he could feel the supernatural heat emanating from her loins. Cyra laid atop him, her face hovering over his as her full breasts pressed against his chest. She reached down between her legs and grasped his cock and his hand, positioning it, then slipping just its head into the firm grasp of her cunny.

Her breath caught as they simultaneously released his throbbing manhood. Slowly, agonizingly so, she slid down his veiny shaft, feeling every contour, every vein-formed ridge, gliding up the velvety embrace of her love canal. His cock sank to the hilt, and he felt her tail curl to tickle against his swollen sack. Both groaned and gasped in sudden pleasure. Mikhail's hands grasped her hips, then slid up her firmly toned back until they buried in her platinum hair. She didn't move, and he lifted his hips rhythmically, pressing himself deep against her cervix, then relaxing, so that only half his cock was removed.

Around them, the magic of Sune was swirling about the room. There was no light, as if the windows had been blacked out, save for a golden light emanating from the heart of the censer. Varla and Greta laid next to Cyra and Mikhail, their tongues burrowing into each others mouths and their hands wandering eagerly. Greta laid atop the thinner woman, her large breasts pressed against the noble globes on Varla's chest. Varla spread her willowy legs for Greta to lay between, and wrapped them around Greta's voluptuous hips. Slowly, the pale-skinned girl began to thrust her bare mound against Varla's slit, drawing small gasps from both. Greta, inspired by pure passion, broke the kiss and nuzzled against Varla's neck, nipping seductively at the soft skin there.

Iliara, likewise overcome by some sort of magic, tossed her shirt and pants aside, unabashedly sliding her fingers into her juicing cunny. It was the first time the assassin had felt pleasure out of love rather than pure selfish fulfillment. She rose from her seat at the wall and tried to walk. Her legs failed her, and she crawled, her body quivering, toward Mikhail and Cyra, though her eyes never left the tiefling's undulating form. She came to the mating couple and crawled around so that she could lay next to Mikhail. Looking up at Cyra's face, the elf merely laid between the two couples, drinking in her surroundings, and sliding her fingers in and out of her loins. Cyra looked over to Iliara and pulled her into an embrace. She whispered in her ear.

"You can feel...it," she said between gasps. "You've been wrong so long, and now you feel...ahhhh...what we are about...mmm...what love is, what Sune is."

"Yes," Iliara moaned, slipping a third finger into her tight canal. "I do."

"You know who your goddess is, Iliara. Unnhh...You knew her long ago. Know her again," Cyra whispered. "This is how you call to her." With that, she slid her hand down Iliara's taught, rippling stomach, and thrust her fingers into the elf's twat, stretching it wider around fingers from both hands. 

Iliara cried out at the sudden stretch, but not out of pain. An ecstasy the likes of which she had never known shook her body, and Cyra withdrew her hand. Iliara understood. She pressed her fingers into a cone and reached as far down as she could. The elf curled her slim hand and began to slide it into herself. Slowly her canal stretched, wider, and wider, and wider. Then her last knuckles were inside, and her pussy was closing around her wrist. With gentle care, she began to fuck herself with her hand, legs wide open, resting on Cyra and Greta's back. Cyra's hand again slid down her body, this time to press into and stroke her clit slowly and methodically. Greta also reached over, though her face was buried in Varla's breasts, and began to pinch and massage the elf's nipples. Iliara cried out suddenly, her loud moan shattering the sensual atmosphere and sending the two couples into urgent coupling. Creamy, cloyed liquid shot from her pussy, splashing on her wrist and back down onto her stomach.

*****

Darkness whirled around her. Lura was not a stranger to darkness, for she was born in the lightless depths of the Underdark, where her infravision, her ability to see in gradients of heat rather than light, was as sharp as a human's daytime vision. But here, the darkness was different. It was inky, murky, as if it didn't want to be peered through. It was unnaturally cold as well, enough so that her natural elven resilience was not sufficient to keep her comfortable. The fact that she was naked helped her not.

Lura began walking, though she couldn't tell one direction from another. It all seemed a darkened wasteland all around her, save for twisted, gnarled vegetation growing sparsely throughout. Looking up, the drow saw a small disc of pale yellow light, but it clearly wasn't there to illuminate the blackness around her. It didn't take long for the former drow priestess to understand she was on the Plane of Shadow. The fact didn't brighten her mood, but she found it did not worry her either. She knew who ruled on this Plane, of course. Mask, the God of Thieves, dwelt here, though she knew only because the real ruler allowed it. 

Shar, the Lady of Loss, the creator of the Shadow Weave and ultimately evil goddess, ruled this plane from her Black Castle. Lura did not fear Shar, of course. The drow had learned early in life that fear was a weakness that a High Priestess of Lolth should not ever carry. But she knew that Sune, her beloved Lady Firehair, was opposed to the black-haired, black-hearted Shar, and that gave the drow hope. If Sune was against Shar, then Lura had faith that her goddess was with her.
