 A cold wind whipped Trevor's midnight blue robe around his body, tugging at his black hair. He pulled up the hood, his long, pointed elf ears slipping easily through the slits on either side. Three large shadows fell over the ground, blocking out what little sunlight had filtered through the clouds. Trevor glanced upward. A trio of dragons, the color of stoked coals, were fighting against their hulking bodies to gain altitude. 

It wouldn't be long before the army reserves would be mobilized to follow them towards the front lines. The distant sound of fighting was drowned out almost completely by the chaotic bustle of the temporary camp. Trevor hastened his pace. He needed to see Adriana before she left for the palace. Images and sensations from the night before flared to life in his mind's eye. 

Tongues sparring, bodies writhing, hot sweat glistening in the candlelight. 

A molten ball of expectation burst to life inside of him as he rounded a fire spit and finally reached the back flap of her oversized tent. Trevor glanced around to be sure no one was looking and then ducked inside. 

It smelled like lavender and fresh rose cuttings. He breathed in deep and then exhaled slowly. She was sitting, alone, facing a mirror. The reflection of her gaze darted over him, ravaging him with their hazel depths. 

"Knight," she greeted him evenly, turning in her seat. 

He bowed at the waist. "My Queen." 

Adriana's ebony skin had patches of purest white around her full pink lips and delicate wrists. He wanted to kiss them - to tell her with touches and whispers how much he wanted her to stay. 

"I leave within the hour," she said, "and I want you to come with me." 

For a moment Trevor didn't move, not even to breathe, then he bowed again. "I'm sorry, my Queen. My place is here, doing my part to protect the kingdom." The silent 'to protect you' was hidden between his words.

She looked away, biting her lower lip. He swallowed hard.

"The dragons have already gone," he said to fill the air. 

"I know," she replied softly. 

They spent a moment in awkward quiet, wanting to say so much, but not finding the words. The muffled cry of soldiers and animals was sharp to their sensitive hearing. Trevor found his gaze focused longingly onto the Queen's pointed ears. He had nipped at them playfully the night before and her moan of pleasure had been enough to take him to the edge. The fire in his belly returned. Trevor had to look away to keep from getting hard. 

"My Queen, I must go soon. To the front line." They both knew it was a kind of goodbye. He couldn't voice the one thing he had no right to want - her, in his arms, once again. 

The woman stood and turned away from him, folding her hands together over the waist of her flowing white dress. "I could make it an order." Her voice trembled. "I won't lose you, too." 

The last words were said so softly, Trevor almost didn't hear them. 

"Too?" Trevor heard himself question. 

Turning to face him, the Queen's eyebrows drew together in sorrow. "You remind me of him so much. Your eyes, your passion. . ." her voice trailed off and tears wet her lashes. 

It hit him like a thunderbolt and, for a moment, Trevor thought he might never be able to move again. Suddenly he understood why a lowly knight had been invited into the Queen's bedchamber. 

"You're...her?" he asked in stunned disbelief. "Cylar's mysterious lover." 

Trevor found himself suddenly on the ground, his legs crumpled under him, robe spread in a semi-circle twilight pool. Whatever romantic thoughts he had harbored mere minutes before were drowned out by the intense feeling of betrayal coursing through him. He didn't look up when the Queen approached. She had used him. 

A hand touched his cheek and he flinched away. "Don't," he said. 

"I know what you must be thinking, but last night wasn't about Cylar. My feelings for you are real, I promise." There were tears in her voice. 

Anger seethed through him. Even from beyond the grave, Cylar, his golden-boy older brother, was ruining everything. Trevor's hands formed into fists. The touch on his cheek disappeared, leaving him cold. 

"At first, I called for you because of Cylar. I was curious, but once I got to know you. Once we'd -" Adriana broke off abruptly with a breathless sob. "I never meant for you to find out." 

"Is that why you offered to take me to the palace with you? So you could have a replacement," he choked out the word. 

Instead of answering, the Queen took his face in her hands and forced him to look upward. He watched her perfect red lips make excuses that he couldn't hear. Jealousy seized him in that moment and he brushed her hands aside; leaning forward Trevor kissed her hard on the mouth, focusing all his frustration into that single movement. She froze for a moment and then kissed him back, her tears salty on his tongue. Trevor needed her to feel him, to think only of him. He would erase the very memory of Cylar from her mind. 

They sank to the thick carpeted floor. Trevor rolled on top of her, pinning her arms above her head, deepening the kiss further. She moaned, her chest heaving under him. He left a trail of kisses from Adriana's mouth to her neck, sucking and teasing the skin between his teeth. 

"Yes - Oh, yes!" she exhaled between smoky sighs. 

The Queen moaned deep in her throat. Trevor felt himself harden against her inner thigh. In response, her hips writhed under him. He released her arms and they wrapped around his neck, drawing Trevor back to her mouth.

"Too – mhmm – many clothes," she said, desperation coloring her words. 

Their limbs and bodies tangled together as they rid themselves of the restrictive layers. Naked, Trevor admired her stunning dark skin with its patches of milky white. He kissed the ragged white splash of skin starting at her navel and ending just above her black pubic bush. 

Moaning, her hands pushed him lower and he nuzzled, licking her wet clitoris. Adriana gasped in response, her back arching off the floor. Trevor turned his head to the side and nipped at her inner thigh, leaving a red mark. He rubbed her clit and began kissing and sucking a spot on her lower stomach. 

"Please. Faster." Her breathless words gave way to a soft wail of pleasure. "Yes." She shuddered, her groin twitching through an orgasm. "Yes!" 

Unable to hold back any longer, Trevor moved up Adriana's body and settled his cock between her legs. They rocked against one another, kissing, caressing, holding. It wasn't long before Trevor felt himself growing slick with pre-cum. He licked one of her nipples, teasing it erect. 

"I want you inside of me," the Queen ordered through kiss-swollen lips. 

The knight buried his head between her breasts. Penis throbbing, he was too close to ejaculation and to come inside of her was not an option. She raised her legs, wrapping them around him, her eyes pleading with him. 

"Trevor." It was the first time she had ever said his name. 

Stunned, the knight let her hand guide him until he was inside of her – slipping easily into the wet warmth. Trevor's head fell back and he groaned. Waves of pleasure built within him as he thrust into the Queen. She was squirming under him, her mouth open in voiceless ecstasy. Her fingernails left red marks down his thighs. They kissed, swallowing each others moans. 

"I'm going to-" Trevor's warning was cut off as he pulled out of her, sitting up. 

The knight stroked himself with quick flicks of his wrist. His abdominal muscles tightened, penis jerking in his hand. Cum spurted across Adriana's breasts and face. The rush of endorphins left Trevor's ears buzzing.

Adriana pulled him down and they lay side by side. Gently, she caressed his cock, fingering his balls. Spent, sated, and flushed with afterglow, they fondled one another, exploring every inch of skin with lazy curiosity. 

"I meant it, you know," the Queen said finally. "My feelings for you are real. I. . .I think I've fallen in love with you." 

His earlier feelings of betrayal eased, Trevor cupped her chin in his hands and gave her a chaste peck on the cheek. Her hazel gaze held no hint of deceit. Whatever doubts he had harbored about her intentions, Trevor no longer carried them in his heart. 

"And I love you, my Queen."