 Dr. Rex Whitman walked into the observing room. Lined up against the opposite wall was a desk with a computer, several large monitors, a metal water bottle, a box of tissues and a bottle of lube. Dr. Whitman had made a fortune in the pharmaceutical industry and now was in early retirement in his early forties. He now spent his time, fortune, and genius researching what would be considered by some to be a less respectable area of research than his previous work combatting heart disease and high blood pressure. He was researching aphrodisiacs.

 One of the monitors on his desk displayed live footage from the cameras in the laboratory. Right now, an attractive young woman with dark hair was strapping a naked man onto an examination table. He was a local college student who had agreed to participate in the study as a way of earning some extra cash. There was no shortage of students from the local university who were willing to take part in studies regarding experimental sex drugs. They signed agreements allowing the experiments to be filmed (but not published over the Internet) and also agreeing to engage in sexual intercourse with the researcher they were interacting with. They signed that agreement after meeting her. They had every right to refuse and walk away from the study but in practice few of them who got that far in the process did so. The fact that Dr. Cecilia Avila had a breathtaking figure and a pretty face made even prettier by her warm, welcoming smile probably helped. Her looks simultaneously encouraged raunchy thoughts but her demeanor was comforting and helped dispel unease over questions of whether the rumors regarding whether Dr. Avila and Whitman were mad scientists.

 Dr. Avila finishing securing the straps on the young man and proceeded to put sensors on his body that would monitor his heart rate and other vitals. She calmly explained to him what she was doing as she worked.

 "Leo, we monitor your heartrate and vitals during the experiment to ensure that the drug isn't putting undue stress on your system. In a healthy and strong young man like yourself there isn't much worry, but we eventually plan on marketing successful drugs to a wider audience and we need to be careful with older men who aren't as...vital...as you are."

 She placed his fingertips on a button. "While you agreed to engage in sexual intercourse, you do have the right to back out. Press this button here if you decide to end the experiment. Obviously, if you already have drugs in your system when you press it, you will still need to wait for them to subside, but we won't give you any further drugs nor will I or anyone else here continue any...stimulation, should you decide to back out."

 The petite woman finished applying the sensors and straightened up. "Our newest formulation is a lotion designed to administer the drug through the skin. Neither you nor I know whether the sample I have here contains the drug or is a placebo. Are you ready to start the experiment? This is your last chance to back out."

 Leo, who was lying relaxed on the examination table, smiled at the pretty woman. "No need to be so professional, doc. I would love to have you rub me down with that lotion."

 Dr. Avila smiled warmly at the young man. "I just want to make sure you are comfortable with this. I'm glad that you are here and I hope that you enjoy this experience."

 The dark-haired woman squirted lotion into her hand and then proceeded to run her hands all over the young man's body. She started with his muscular runner's legs, rubbing the lotion into his calves and then working his way up to his thighs. Her manner straddled the border between professional and seductive. She could already tell through repeated experience that this lotion was almost certainly a placebo. The drug would be soaking through her skin and affecting her more dramatically by now if it was present. But it was also true that Cecilia Avila had ventured into this line of research because she enjoyed it and that enjoyment showed in the appreciative smile on her face as she stroked her slick hand up the inside of the young man's thigh. Her hand came close to his balls but did not actually stroke them. He was semi-hard by this point but still very relaxed, happy to allow the woman to continue her sensual massage.

 She moved up to his hips and then rubbed the lotion all over his hard pecs and muscular shoulders. She massaged his shoulders and neck and then slid her hands back down his body, gently scraping his musculature as she did so. He groaned softly, appreciative of the sensation. She again drew her hands close to his now fully erect manhood and leaned over him to bring her face closer to his, giving him a view of her cleavage from her partially unbuttoned lab coat at the same time.

 "Should I continue?" she breathed into his ear.

 "Mmmmm, yes" he breathed back.

 She smirked at him, squirted more lotion into her hands, and then proceeded to move her hand slowly up and down his shaft. She started slowly, with a gentler grip. One hand slowly stroke up and down, giving a little extra squeeze around the head while the other gently stroked his balls. As the young man began to squirm and grind his hips, she tightened her grip and started using both hands alternately, stroking downwards so that from the young man's perspective there was a sensation of constantly penetrating slick fists.

 Meanwhile, in the observing room, Dr. Whitman was leaning against the wall and furiously stroking himself. While he and Dr. Avila were careful to set up a reasonably controlled environment in the examining room under which to monitor the patients, they had also agreed to allow Dr. Avila run a set of slightly more unorthodox parallel experiments. She had his permission to test out various forms of the aphrodisiacs on him without his knowledge. He didn't know when she would do it, which formula she would use, or the means of administering the drug. She might slip it into his drink, or arrange for a mister to administer the drug through the ventilation system in the observing room. He was uncertain how she had dosed him this time, but the effects were undeniable. Long before the test subject had an erection, when Dr. Avila was only first beginning to apply lotion to him, Rex Whitman felt his heartbeat speed up and a warmth descend in his core.

 He knew there was a camera recording his responses, one way of evaluating the relative effects of the different formulas on him. He tried to remain scientific and detached for as long as possible.

 "Time is 13:05. I am now fully erect. Length appears normal." He had unzipped his pants and was looking down at himself. He was struggling to maintain composure. He always tried to refrain from masturbating for as long as possible as a means of testing the strength and rapidity of the aphrodisiac. He looked up at the monitor. Dr. Avila had finished rubbing down the young man's thighs and moved up to his torso by this point. Dr. Whitman couldn't help but imagine what her hands would feel like on his body. His already hard cock swelled even further. He groaned and looked down at himself. He was pretty sure he had grown.

 "Time is 13:07. I think this formula may have lengthening properties. I will measure to confirm."

 He got up out of his chair and walked over to an instrument on the wall. On a stand was a box that was approximately hip height. There was a hole in one side. Dr. Whitman put his throbbing penis in the hole. Inside, lasers bounced to measure with absolute accuracy the size of his erection. His dick was in fact an inch longer than typical for him. He stood there, breathing deeply and trying to keep control. He looked over at the monitor where he saw Dr. Avila whispering in the young man's ear. He saw her knowing smirk and watched her turn her attention to the young man's erect cock. It was too much. He couldn't help but imagine her hand on his cock. He needed relief. He pulled his erection out of the measuring instrument, barely noting that the instrument indicated that he had grown yet another inch while inside the instrument. He leaned against the wall for support and began to pleasure himself, watching the monitor the entire time.

Dr. Avila was enjoying herself. Even without aphrodisiacs, she liked the power of the feeling of being able to get a man off. Her panties were wet. She took a break from stroking the young man to undo all the buttons on her lab coat and toss it to one side. Underneath, she was wearing a short, belted shirt dress with buttons up the front. She undid more of these buttons, revealing her red satin bra underneath.

 "Do you like the view?" she asked Leo, who nodded silently.

 "Would you like a blowjob?"

 "Gods, yes."

 Her smile widened at that. She leaned over to kiss and suckle on his nipples. She backed an inch away from them to blow on them, enjoying the sound of Leo's moan at the feel of the cold air. She moved her kisses down his stomach. She nuzzled his erection and gave it a little kiss. He squirmed, clearly anxious to have his member fully inside her mouth. She prolonged the wait by instead moving lower and licking and then sucking on his balls. He moaned again, more urgently this time. She released his balls from her mouth and slowly licked upwards along the underside of his shaft. At the top, she enveloped his head in her mouth and then lowered her mouth down along his shaft. She started a regular up and down rhythm, using her hand to provide added stimulation as she bobbed up and down. Occasionally she would take a break from the oral stimulation to focus solely on using her hands. She used both hands, twisting her fist around the head at the top, a move that never failed to make Leo gasp. She returned to working him with her mouth. He was urgently thrusting his hips upwards to meet her mouth at this point. His body suddenly tensed and she knew he was about to come. She let him come all over her face and bra. She knew Dr. Whitman was watching as she wanted him to have a good show. True to science, she wasn't certain if the liquid she had put in the water bottle by his desk contained an aphrodisiac or not but she wanted him to enjoy the view either way. Leo looked disheveled. She unstrapped him and then walked him to the door after he had his clothes back on.

 "I hope you enjoyed that. Your contribution to science is greatly appreciated." She purred.

 "Oh yeah! Definitely! Sign me up to advance science anytime!" he gushed.

 She smiled at him in a way that both friendly and seductive before closing the door and turning to check in on Dr. Whitman.

 Dr. Rex Whitman had been masturbating furiously while watching the monitor. He moaned at the sight of Cecilia Avila unbuttoning her dress. He had seen her breasts before, up close and in much more detail, but they were always magnificent. When she began to bob up and down on Leo's dick, he fantasized about her doing the same to him. Her lips enclosed his cock; her hand was gliding up and down in time with her mouth; her tongue flicked back and forth across the head of his dick when she was in the utmost position. The pace of his fist increased. He felt his already enormous cock swell up even further and he felt certain he was going to come. Instead, achingly, he watched as his dick grew even longer. It was as if the energy that should have been expelled in ejaculation instead was pushed into new length and girth. He gained almost no relief though the feeling of impending orgasm had passed. 

 He groaned in frustration but remembered to make notes for science.

 "Time: 13:12. Instead of achieving orgasm my penis seems to have grown further in size" he grunted, while continuing to stroke his frustratingly aroused member.

 On the monitor Dr. Avila had switched from giving Leo oral attention to manual. Dr. Whitman continued his masturbation while his frustration mounted. How long was this going to last? Dr. Avila switched back to expertly sucking Leo's dick and the young stud came quickly after that. The sight of the young man ejaculating all over Cecilia caused another series of spasms in Rex. Again, they were fruitless. His throbbing penis remained hard and grew even further. He was huge now and orgasm apparently was still out of reach.

He was still in that state of frustration when Dr. Avila walked into the room. She gasped when she saw him.

 "Sweet Jesus! You're huge!" she exclaimed.

 "What the hell did you mix up this time, woman?!? I can't come. Instead I grow bigger. It's torture. You have to help me." Dr. Whitman complained.

 Licking her lips at the sight of him, the beautiful young scientist slowly approached him. Mischief, lust, and scientific curiosity battled for dominance in her expression.

 "We need to measure that monster. Come on. Right in here." She guided him over to the dick measuring instrument, slowly caressing him at the same time.

 "Thirteen inches! Wow! This is a major breakthrough! Think of the possibilities!" she exclaimed upon seeing the numbers displayed.

"Useless torture if it just means that I can't come! No one wants a huge dick if they can't enjoy orgasms with it." growled Dr. Whitman.

 "Let me help you with that, baby." Dr. Avila cooed, taking his hand and leading him over to an empty examining table in the next room. She grabbed the lube off the table on the way.

Dr. Avila unbelted her dress and slipped out if it, letting it drop to the floor. She was wearing a red satin thong that matched her bra and her stiletto pumps. She strode over to the examining table where Rex Whitman was reclined, climbed up and straddled him. She leaned over so that her body was against his and kissed him passionately, grinding her hips into his and feeling his hard length, which further excited her. She shivered and felt the warmth in her core increase. Rex reached around her back and unhooked her bra. She shrugged it off and tossed it to one side, leaning back to allow Rex to reach up and caress her breasts. He cupped her right breast in one hand and craned his head up to suck on the left nipple. Cecilia wiggled against him.

 "Want a titty fuck?" she asked huskily. She knew he loved those, and he was obviously in need.

 Wordlessly Rex nodded. Cecilia squirted a liberal amount of lube into her palms, stroked Rex's manhood to make it slick, and then cupped her generous breasts around his long, thick shaft. She slid her torso up and down all thirteen inches, sliding down low enough on the down stroke that his head came close to her mouth so that she could flick her tongue over it. Rex thrust his hips in time with her motion and they soon fell into an up and down rhythm. Rex's rhythm grew faster and his motion slightly more erratic, letting Cecilia know that he was on the edge of orgasm. Suddenly the muscles in his core spasmed and his face contorted. However, instead of the squirt of semen that she was expecting, Cecilia watched as his dick swelled and then...grew. The sight shocked her back into scientist mode.

 "Amazing! Is this what happened before?" she exclaimed excitedly.

 "Uhhhhhh...yes. Unfortunately. God, it is absolute torture. Am I never going to get release?" Rex whined.

 "I'll help you. We'll figure something out. Don't worry." Cecilia reassured him, eyeing his new length with a mix of hunger and curiosity.

 "We need to measure you again. C'mon."

 Cecilia hopped off the examining table and led Rex, who was not feeling the same sort of scientific curiosity at the moment, back over to the dick measurer.

 "15 inches now! Woo hoo!" she exclaimed, before turning her lustful gaze on him.

 Rex looked her in the eyes and said in a husky voice, "I want to fuck you with every inch of this. Go bend over the examining table."

Cecilia thrilled at his words, deeply turned on. Cecilia had had many dicks inside her over the course of her life, of varying lengths, girths, and colors. She had never had one this big inside. The sight of it was simultaneously a little scary and very exciting. She sashayed over to the examining table in her stilettos, squirted some lube into her hand, and lubed up her genital lips. Rex took the bottle from her, applied more lube to all fifteen inches of his cock, and then positioned himself behind her. Cecilia gasped when he entered her. She felt so full. Every thrust rubbed just the right spots inside her. She moved her hips back against him in counter rhythm to meet his thrusts. 

 Rex was too far gone in drug-induced horniness and frustration to do anything other than pump into her. Cecilia moved her hand to clit and began to stroke herself. Already deeply aroused, sensation flared at the brush of her fingers. She moaned and pushed back against Rex's hard length. She stilled her hand, wanting to prolong the sensation and enjoying how each thrust rubbed up against her g-spot. Rex pounded her. His tempo increased and then he shuddered. She could feel him grow inside her. It was an amazing sensation. Her fingers rubbed her clit and she suddenly spasmed, pushed over the brink of orgasm. Rex roared at the sensation of her walls clenching his member. It felt like some barrier broke. He came violently, pumping wildly and shooting a massive amount of semen into her. He almost collapsed on top of her, relieved and spent, before straightening up and withdrawing his finally limp penis from her. He looked down. His dick seemed to have returned to its normal size.

 "I think I couldn't come until I felt you come around me. How does that work? How did you develop this formula? God, it was torture...though the end was admittedly amazing." He panted.

 "That was amazing! An aphrodisiac that delays male orgasm until the woman comes and causes the size of your erection to get bigger! Total success! Can you imagine how this will do on the market?!? We need more experimental data!" 

Cecilia gushed, still feeling warm and tingly from the amazing orgasm she had just had.

 "I'm not going to rush into that again so quickly. But we can set up trials with some of our test patients, make sure it is safe." Rex agreed.

 Cecilia hummed happily. She would look forward to that.