 Dr. Cecilia Avila smiled at the young man seated across from her desk. He smiled back. Dr. Cecilia Avila had a face that was simultaneously friendly and sexy. She gave off a relaxed, inviting, sensual vibe. Though she was a medical researcher, she tried to make sure that the patients taking part in her experiments felt at ease with the process. Thus, while her words were matter of fact, her demeanor was much warmer.

"Just to confirm, you are ready to take part in these drug trials today? We will be measuring your response to the drugs, including the size of your erection, and how long it takes before you achieve orgasm. We will also want qualitative feedback on what the experience is like from your perspective after the experiment is completed."

The twenty-two year old college senior nodded. He was a good-looking young man, with dark hair that was cut short to his scalp.

"I'm glad to hear that you will participate, Jerome. I would like to clarify before the experiment begins whether you are comfortable engaging in the following activities. It is important that we establish this before you are under the influence of the drug. We like to test how the drug affects sexual performance with other people. Would you be willing to engage in sexual intercourse with one of our researchers as part of the experiment?"

Jerome grinned. "I heard that this was part of the experiment! Yes, I would be happy to. Who would the researcher be?"

Cecilia flashed her friendly smile at the young man. "Why me, of course."

The young man looked at the gorgeous knockout of a woman in front of him and grinned even more broadly.

"Sounds great."

Dr. Cecilia Alvarez shifted back in her chair and crossed her legs so that more of her long legs were showing. She was wearing a lab coat with a short skirt on under it. 

"I need to run through a list of possible sexual activities with you to know ahead of time what you are and are not comfortable doing. Just indicate yes or no as to whether you are okay with doing these activities with me. Receiving oral sex?"

"Definitely"

"Receiving handjobs?"

"Sure."

"Vaginal intercourse?"

"Assuming that we use condoms, sure."

"Of course. We want to be as safe as possible here. You should also know that I am regularly tested for STDs as part of my work." Cecilia answered smoothly.

"Titty fucking?"

"Definitely"

"Anal sex?"

"Receiving or giving?"

"Which would you prefer?" the sexy scientist asked.

Jerome coughed. "Both are fine." He answered, feeling a little embarrassed at this frank discussion. He had only been pegged by one of his girlfriends before and he still felt a little embarrassed by how much he enjoyed the experience. Dr. Avila arched an eyebrow.

"Any other forms of anal play you enjoy?"

Jerome swallowed. "Fingering can be fun." He admitted, looking down.

"No need to feel embarrassed about your desires, Jerome." Cecilia told him gently, placing one of her small hands over his much larger one. "These are perfectly normal. Are you ready to move on to the experiment?"

At the young man's nod, Cecilia stood up and gestured for the young man to follow her. He admired the curve of her hips and her round ass from behind as he walked to the examining room following her.

"You should undress and lie on the examining table." Dr. Cecilia Avila instructed.

Jerome hesitated, unused to undressing in front of doctors. However, he almost immediately recognized that this situation was going to involve a lot of activity he had never done with any of his doctors before so he complied with her instructions, stripping off his t-shirt to reveal a hard, athletic body with defined musculature. He took off his jeans, showing his muscular thighs and then pulled down his boxer briefs to reveal a flaccid, but still nicely thick, cock. He sat on the examining table.

Are you ready to take the dose?" she asked, bring out a pre-measured dosage cup with a red liquid in it.

"Absolutely." Jerome answered. He didn't know for sure whether the cup would contain the drug or simply be a placebo, but he was eager to have this busty young woman proceed either way.

Dr. Avila gave him the cup. He drank the contents. She noted the time that he took the medicine.

"Lie down." Cecilia commanded. "We need to strap you down to put all the measuring instruments on you while we wait for the medicine to take effect."

The naked college student lay back on the table. He had been aware through a preliminary briefing that he would be strapped down but he felt more keenly aware of the kinkiness of it now. He wasn't usually into being tied down, but the idea of lying helpless at whim of the curvy doctor in front of him was erotic. He lay still as Cecilia strapped him to the table. The cuffs held him firmly in place but were not uncomfortable. She then proceeded to place pads on him to monitor his vitals. She finished by slipping a cock ring around the base of his cock.

"This will measure the girth of your erection." She murmured. "Later on, we have a specially designed condom that we will put on you that both offers the usual protections but also contains micro-sensors to measure the size of your erection."

She stood up and allowed her gaze to travel appreciatively over his well-toned and well-endowed body. She loved her job. She unbuttoned her lab coat to reveal the sheer blouse and short skirt she was wearing underneath and casually tossed the jacket onto a nearby chair. Her blouse was sheer black silky material. She clearly was only wearing a matching black bra underneath. Her skirt was tight black leather. She wasn't wearing stockings but was wearing shiny black leather stilettos to complete the looks.

Jerome gazed at her intently. He could feel himself becoming aroused. His already thick long cock swelled.

"Very good." Dr. Avila commented. "Feel any different than usual?" she asked.

"I'm not sure. I'm definitely turned on, but I'm also naked, strapped down and have a hot babe watching my naked body." Jerome responded honestly.

"Let's wait a minute or two and see how things develop."

Jerome nodded and didn't take his eyes off her. He imagined what she would look like naked and then began to fantasize about doing the various activities she had been asking about earlier. He felt himself grow even harder and moaned a little. "I'm really turned on, doc. Can we move forward? My cock really needs some attention."

His cock was, in fact, already standing at full attention, jutting proudly out from his body. It was long and thick and, in Dr. Avila's experienced opinion, already a bit larger than average in size.

"Is this a normal sized erection for you, Jerome?" she inquired, reaching her hand out to contemplatively stroke its length.

Jerome moaned a little at her touch but also looked down at his erection.

"Umm, I think so. Pleease grip me more firmly." He begged.

Dr. Avila gave him a few more languid strokes. She squirted some lube onto her hand and then coated his shaft with it, before rolling the condom that had micro-sensors down over his shaft. The young man was clearly frustrated at her slow pace of her strokes and thrust his hips upwards to try and maximize the stimulation. Dr. Avila smiled. The rapid onset and intensity of his arousal almost certainly meant that the dose she had given him contained the drug. He wouldn't be this frantic with the placebo. 

Dr. Avila pulled her hand away from his cock to the college student's obvious frustration. She began to unbutton her blouse, an activity that Jerome watched with fevered intensity. His cock continued to twitch. She shimmied out the blouse, her generous breasts jiggling in their bra as she did so. She tossed her blouse onto the same chair that held her lab coat and then slowly unzipped her skirt. She provocatively wiggled out of her skirt as well. She stood before the young man in lacy black bikini panties that were cut in such a way as to display a large portion of her round, juicy ass cheeks. She turned slowly to allow the young stud to admire her from all sides. She turned to face his front on and ran her hands sensually up and down her torso, cupping and caressing her breasts as she did so.

"Like what you see?" she asked seductively.

The young man nodded, never taking his eyes off her. She reached around back and unhooked her bra, releasing her magnificent breasts from their confinement. She cupped them and rubbed her thumbs over her hard nipples, closing her eyes in enjoyment and allowing a small sign to escape her lips. She then moved one hand down her torso, reached under her panties and began to move her fingers in small circles over the aroused nub of her clitoris.

Jerome moaned, his futile thrusting become more frantic. He had never been this turned on in his life, and she had barely touched him!

"Pleeease touch me." He begged. "Please."

She smiled. The sight of the young man, erect, bound and begging, as he hungrily watched her masturbate turned her on. She shook her head no, pulled off her panties and continued to pleasure herself with her fingers. Jerome's breathing began even more ragged as he continued to watch her fingers reach into her wet depths and then circle over her aroused nub. Cecilia writhed a little, both out of enjoyment but also for the visual effect. Her breasts bounced from the movement. Jerome moaned. He wiggled his hips and thrust upwards. The pressure built and he could feel his oncoming orgasm build. He had never come just from watching a woman with no one touching him. He felt his core spasm, but instead of spurts of semen he felt the pressure move through his penis and his erection grow even longer. He gasped, unsure of what just happened but still wildly turned on without any release. 

Cecilia moaned at the sight of Jerome's erection growing. It was incredibly hot and the young stud's cock was now undeniably even longer and thicker than before. She would check the readings later to figure out exactly how much growth had occurred.

"Looks like you still need some help with that." She purred. "Don't worry. I won't let you down. Would you like me to fuck you in that hot, tight muscular ass?"

"Gods, yes. Please." Jerome panted.

"Okay." Cecilia said.

She pulled a harness and dildo out of one of the drawers and strapped it on. The dildo was the double kind designed to penetrate both partners at once. She happily inserted the more curved end into herself, enjoying the feel of it inside her. She then walked over to Jerome, who continued to watch her with pleading eyes.

"Here are the rules. We have to be careful to keep all the sensors on you." Cecilia commanded authoritatively. "So when I unstrap you, you will carefully get off the examining table and lean over it, being careful to place your torso in such a way that the sensors stay attached to your body. If any of them come off, I will be very annoyed with you. Is that clear?"

Cecilia had an excellent read of men's desires, given her vast experience. She had Jerome figured as someone who like to be dominated a bit. She wasn't going to push it too far, since she had not discussed things like spanking beforehand, but she figured he would probably get off on her acting authoritative. She was right. Jerome gulped and quietly promised to be very careful with the sensors. His eyes looked eager.

Cecilia undid his straps and the college student carefully slid off the table. He leaned over the table, carefully making sure the wires were out of the way and were unlikely to be accidentally knocked off in their current position. Cecilia put on examining gloves and squirted lube onto her hand. She applied the lube generously to his asshole, caressing the sensitive skin around his rectum with her right hand as she did so. With her left hand, she reached around to cup Jerome's balls and gently tug on them. Her right hand continued its gentle ministrations. She slid one well-lubed finger into his rectum and made a slight come hither motion to massage his prostrate. She slid her left hand up to stroke his shaft. He moaned and thrust into her hand. She continued fingering him with one hand and masturbating his huge cock with the other so that the arousal would relax his asshole so that she could enter him safely.

She removed her hand from his shaft and applied lube to the dildo. She lined the dildo up with the entrance of his rectum and then slowly pushed her way in. He gasped at how full he suddenly felt. Cecilia started thrusting slowly in and out. Each thrust rubbed the sweet spot inside him. He moaned.

Cecilia was also incredibly turned on. Each rocking thrust moved the other end of the dildo inside her, rubbing her g-spot. She moaned, increasing the tempo of her thrusts, and wrapping her hand back around Jerome's thick member. Jerome moved his hips in time to both move against the dildo and thrust his cock into her hand. They developed a rhythm of this, the pace quickening over time.

Jerome felt the pressure in his core build again. He moved his hips back, impaling himself deep against the dildo and then bellowed as he felt what he assumed would finally be his orgasm rip out of him. Only, once again, the pressure that built up moved up his cock and resulted in further growth instead of the energy being released in the form of ejaculation. He moaned in frustration.

"Why can't I come?" he whined, close to tears.

"Don't worry. You've been a good boy. Continue to be a good boy and I will help you come." Cecilia murmured in his ear. She had felt the growth occur under her hand. The young stud's cock was absolutely huge now. She wanted to feel it fill her. She unstrapped the harness and took it off, putting both the harness and the dildo in a nearby tray on the counter.

"I want you to show me what you've got." She commanded, leaning over the examining table herself, jutting her luscious round ass out behind her.

"Ass or pussy?" Jerome asked, coming around behind her.

She considered. "Pussy for now."

Jerome entered her hot, wet pussy, pushing his massive member deep inside her. Cecilia gasped. She loved the feeling of being completely filled that came with these drug-enhanced cocks. She rocked her hips back in time with Jerome's thrusts.

"Touch me like I touched you." she commanded. Jerome obeyed. He had one arm braced against the table and snaked the other one to reach between Cecilia's leg's. His fingers found her nub and started rubbing in circles against it. The motion sent sparks coursing through Cecilia. She wasn't going to last much longer. She felt her core muscles spasm and she ground her hips back into Jerome. She screamed as her orgasm ripped through her.

Jerome, in turn, almost immediately increased his pace and bellowed as his climax started almost the moment that he felt Cecilia's inner muscles spasm and tighten around his cock. This time, he actually found release. He thrust into her madly as he finally exploded passionately. He pulled out, finally spent.

He looked at Cecilia, who was still breathing heavily. She flashed a grin at him.

"How was it?" she asked.

"Intense." He panted. "Probably the best orgasm of my life. But I'm not sure if I would want to experience that every time."

"We expect that our drug would probably be used on an occasional recreational basis. We aren't recommending daily use." Cecilia responded.

Jerome grinned at her. "I think you will find a market for that."