 Author's note: This story takes place at the same time as the events in Drug Trials, Ch. 2. It focuses on Dr. Rex Whitman's perspective. 

*

Dr. Rex Whitman sat down in front of the screen that showed home what was going in Dr. Avila's latest experiment. As a corollary to the more scientifically controlled experiments that she ran, she and Dr. Whitman had an informal agreement that she was allowed to dose him with drugs (or placebos) at certain times and places. In his office while observing her experiments was one of those times. Thus, Rex was genuinely uncertain if the tiny vial of liquid he was pouring into his coke was a drug or not. He would find out shortly.

Rex sat back, interested but not really aroused as he watched the young man—Jerome Stallings—strip off his clothes and lie on the examining table. From his body language, the young man clearly found Dr. Avila attractive, even before he imbibed the liquid that may or may not be an aphrodisiac. Dr. Whitman glanced at his notes. In today's trial, it was an aphrodisiac, though neither Dr. Avila nor Jerome Stallings knew that.

The true nature of the drug revealed itself shortly, with the young man developing an impressive erection quickly and the young man showing a high level of arousal after only a few strokes from Dr. Avila. Dr. Whitman also found himself growing hard, very hard. It was normal for him to develop an erection while watching his colleague fuck their test subjects; he was drawn to this line of research for a reason. But, similar to the young man he was observing, Rex's level of arousal had risen much faster than would be expected from the level of stimulus thus far. He was drugged; he knew it. He felt his heartbeat quicken as blood rushed to his engorged member. He felt himself grow even harder and more aroused as Dr. Avila stripped. He had seen her naked body many times and, while always impressive, the sight alone didn't usually bring him to this level of arousal. He unzipped his pants and began to stroke himself. He found himself watching the young man's face and engorged member while he masturbated as much as he watched Dr. Avila, even though he was usually more attracted to women. His excitement grew as he watched the college student wiggle and thrust into the air desperately while Cecilia masturbated in front of the young man. When Jerome's face contorted and his body spasmed with what would normally be an orgasmic release, Dr. Whitman lost control. He spurted cum all over his desk.

He had closed his eyes in the moment of release but when he opened them, the young man evidently still had not come. Jerome's expression had begun to look a little desperate, a sentiment that Rex Whitman remembered well from his own experience with the drug that was being tested. The young man's cock had grown larger. At the sight of the young man still obviously aroused and the mischievously lustful look on Cecilia's face, Rex Whitman felt his cock begin to swell once more. Rex moaned as he watched Dr. Avila begin to stroke Jerome's cock and play with his asshole. When she entered Jerome with the dildo and began thrusting into the young stud, the combined sight of her moaning and the young man's throbbing cock raised his level of arousal even higher. He matched the speed of his hand to the rhythm of the fucking he was watching. He watched as the young man arched his back and pushed backwards into Cecilia's dildo, face contorting as the sensations became more than he could bear. Rex also lost control at that moment and climaxed again. This time the semen mostly landed on himself.

Another look at the screen showed that actual orgasm had still evaded Jerome, who was now close to tears from the frustration. Cecilia also had a hot and bothered look in her eyes as she eyed the young man's now gigantic cock with obvious lust. Rex's cock stirred yet again. He grew even harder as Jerome began to pump into Cecilia's wet pussy from behind. Once again, he found himself mimicking the rhythm of the couple onscreen with his own hand. The look on Cecilia's face as the huge cock impaled her made him moan. When her movement became suddenly more frantic and she cried out in orgasm, Rex's cries matched hers, and, a second later, Jerome's cries as well. He felt his cock convulsing for the third time that day, shooting cum out onto the monitor of his computer screen.

He collapsed back into his chair after that last orgasm. His scientific mind began to analyze what he had just experienced. There clearly had been an aphrodisiac in his drink. It seemed to cause him to mirror the levels of arousal he saw the others exhibit. When he observed what looked like the onset of an orgasm, it triggered his own climax, even if poor Jerome didn't find the same release right away. How long would the drug be in his system for? Was it still there? He suspected it was. While his erection had subsided, he still felt more...alert and ready than he normally would after climax. He was pretty sure he could go for another round given the right stimulus.

Dr. Cecilia Avila walked in. She was still naked. Rex smiled. He might get a chance at that fourth round after all.