 Hello guys! Not much sex in this one, but a lot of necessary character-building. More depravity to come! - Lady D. 

***** 

When Jason opened his eyes again, it was with extreme difficulty. The reward for his effort was a blurry image of his bedroom. He was laying on his crushed bed. Next to him was Granny, also laying on her back, with her eyes closed. On the other side of him, Pearl sat naked on the floor, her one wing folded around her, staring out the window on the opposite wall. She had a blank expression on her face, and clutched her knees to her chest with her one good arm. 

Still daytime, Jason thought. And, as was happening all too frequently, his head hurt. 

"Ow," Jason mumbled. 

"Jason?!" Pearl said, incredulity in her voice. Her wing fluttered. 

"Yeah," Jason said. "Ow." 

"You're back!" Pearl said. 

Pearl leaped to her feet and pounced onto Jason. She cradled Jason's head against her bosom. She gently stroked his scalp, which nevertheless caused sharp red spiders of pain as her fingers touched where he'd been struck. He flinched, and said, "Shit! Jeez, Pearl take it easy." 

She kissed his forehead. "I'm just so glad!" she said. "I thought I might have hit you too hard." 

"You knocked me out?" Jason said. 

"Yeah," Pearl said. "You were out of control. I had to do something. I had a shot and I took it." 

"That you did," Jason said. "And then, what, you dragged me in here, next to Granny?" 

Pearl nodded. "Although I tried to be a little more gentle with you." 

"Thanks, I guess," Jason said. "I appreciate it, I really do, but ... you're kinda crushing me right now." 

"Oh. Right," Pearl said. "Sorry." 

Pearl moved over, and sat on top of Granny. Granny gave a small grunt, but otherwise seemed not to notice. Pearl absent-mindedly stroked Jason's leg, seemingly not wanting to break physical contact with him. 

"What the hell happened to me back there?" Jason said. "I was out of control. More than that. I was like ... something else." 

"That you were," Pearl said, frowning. "You hurt me, Jason. I didn't even think you could. I mean, look at me. Look what you did to me." 

Jason took a good look. There were bruises all over Pearl's body, purple against the deep crimson of her natural hue. Her breasts were dark and puffy where Jason had slapped and pulled them. Her throat showed unmistakable signs of trauma. She looked like someone much bigger than her had taken her out back and beat the shit out of her. 

"Jesus," Jason said. "I don't know how. You weren't even this beat up after you and Granny tussled back in the dungeon place." 

"Yeah," Pearl said, a forlorn look on her face. "I think I may have gone too far with you. I'm sorry." 

Jason shook his head. "Uh-uh," he said. "This one's on me. There's right and wrong, and I was in the wrong on this one. It doesn't matter if I think you're a heartless, amoral, self-centered, relentless cock-tease, this ... this is pretty fucking deplorable. You have nothing to apologize for, okay? I'm sorry." 

Pearl nodded silently. Then she cocked an eyebrow. 

"Do you really think I'm a relentless cock-tease with an amazing rack?" Pearl said. 

"I never said anything about your rack, Pearl," Jason said. 

"You didn't have to," Pearl said, and fixed her gaze on Jason's pelvis. He followed her eyes, and saw that he was still sporting a rock-hard erection. 

"Christ," Jason said to his member, "haven't you gotten me into enough trouble!? You're gonna be the death of me someday." 

"Maybe," Pearl said. She trailed her hand over Jason's thigh and wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock. 

"Not today, probably," Pearl said. She slid her hand languidly up and down his shaft, smilingly mischievously. "But who knows?" 

"Pearl..." Jason moaned. Her stroking felt really, really good, and his shaft began to pulse in her grip. 

"Shhh," Pearl said. "Let me help you feel better. You've got some things to work out, and I only need one hand to work it out of you." 

She was working it all right. Steady, firm strokes. Squeezing his shaft just right, rubbing her thumb expertly against his frenulum at the top of each stroke, down and then up. Not robotically, but with imperfect, loving care. 

"Mmmm, you're so hard, Jason," Pearl purred. "I can't wait to feel you explode for me..." 

"Dammit, Pearl," Jason said. "Don't you ever stop?" 

Pearl smiled, and opened her mouth to speak, undoubtedly to up the ante even further, but another voice spoke instead. 

"I think she had rather better," said Granny. 

Startled, both Jason and Pearl turned to look at her. 

Granny's eyes were open, and she had a by-now-familiar scowl on her face. 

"Remove your hand from the human's phallus, Purleen," Granny said. 

"Granny!" Pearl said, in happy surprise. Then, sparks of anger flashed in her eyes. 

"Or what?" Pearl said. "You gonna do something about it, you old bat?" 

Granny eased herself up onto her elbows. Her naked breasts hung pendulously to either side of her chest, so she let her wings support her weight while she cradled her massive bosom with her arms and faced Pearl sternly. 

"You really don't like feeling thwarted," Granny said, "do you, my little Pearl?" 

Pearl glared defiantly at Granny, and didn't loosen her hold on Jason's dick. 

Granny furrowed her elegant brow. "Very well," she said, "but you might want to let your human animal know that if you continue, there's an excellent chance you'll destroy each other." 

"You're lying," Pearl snapped. Then she looked at Jason. "She doesn't know what she's talking about." 

Granny shrugged. "Personally," she said, "I would find it quite amusing to watch. Although cleansing myself of the resultant effluvia and bone matter might prove a bother..." 

Jason was rather concerned about the use of words like "bone" and "effluvia" (whatever that was) so close to "destroy". Jason put a hand on Pearl's wrist. 

"Um, Pearl?" Jason said. "How about we take the 'old bat' at her word on this one?" 

Pearl turned to look at him, pursed her lips, and then gave a disappointed sigh. 

"Fine," Pearl said at last. She released his cock, still so erect that it wavered in the air without falling. "Happy?" she said. 

Not really, Jason thought. He missed her already. 

"Not really," Granny said. "Please get off of me, Pearl." 

"Gosh!" Pearl blurted. She scooted off of Granny and jumped off the bed. Turning her back to them, she made a grand show of storming to the opposite side of the room, wing angrily aflutter, and slumped sullenly against the wall. Unable to cross her arms due to only having one, she tucked her arm under her prodigious breasts. 

"I didn't know it was 'Pearl Can't Do Anything Right Day'!" she said. 

"As of late," Granny said, "That seems to be every day." 

Pearl glared at Granny, but before she could say anything, Jason heard himself leaping to her defense. 

"Hey, back off!" Jason said to Granny. "You wanna try riding her a little less? Pearl has feelings, you know." 

"Yeah!" Pearl said. "I have feelings. Lots of feelings! Like 'hungry'. And 'angry'. And 'I want that thing that someone else has 'cause I don't have it'. And 'oops I screwed up and I need to fix it before Granny finds out'." She looked at Jason. "That's a feeling ... right?" 

Jason held up a hand. "Pearl," he said, "don't help." 

Pearl huffed and shrugged her shoulders. 

"Look," Jason said, "all I'm trying to say is it's unfair the way you get on her case all the time." 

Now it was Granny's turn to shrug, although with much less petulance. "I am who I am," she said. "As the Grand Mother, and it is my duty to keep the whelps in line." 

Jason went on. "And don't forget that when the chips were down, she went to the mat to bring you back from the dead." 

"Colorful expressions," Granny said. "I'm not certain of their exact meaning, but I think I take your point." She sighed. 

"Very well," Granny said. "Despite the circumstances that led to my needing to be revived, I will grant a reprieve, in light of Pearl's intentions and her ... innovative use of magics." 

"Ha!" Pearl said. "So there!" 

"Quit while you're ahead, Pearl," Jason warned. 

"That's hardly the case," Granny said. 

"Whaddaya mean?" said Jason. 

"What I mean," Granny said, "Is that we are far from ahead. You've undoubtedly discovered that last night's exertions have depleted our magical energies. Without magic, my errant childe and I have no immediate means of returning to our native world." 

"We were taking care of that," Pearl said. "Things just got a little out of hand." 

"That," Granny said, "is a very mild recounting of events." 

"But still -" Pearl said. 

"But nothing!" Granny said. She seemed to be about ready to launch into one of her belittling rants, but stopped herself. She turned to Jason and said, "Forgive me." 

Well, that's weird coming from Granny, Jason thought. He shrugged an assent, and Granny continued. 

"As I see it," Granny said, "the problem is two-fold. The first is that we need enough magical energy to be able to open a portal in time-space, and return home. As the ambient magical energy native to this dimension is sparse, we shall have to acquire it by ... other means." 

"That's the part I like," Pearl said, an impish grin on her face. 

"Which brings us to the second part," Granny said. "The only means of producing the ... energies ... in such quantities as required is temporarily unable to produce any at all." 

Through Granny's haze of verbosity, it took Jason a few seconds to grok what she was saying. 

"Wait..." Jason said, "are you talking about me?" 

"Indeed," Granny said gravely. 

Jason shook his head. "Lemme try again," he said. "What are you saying about me?" 

"In terms more plain," Granny said, "you are unable to ejaculate." 

"What!?" Jason said. 

"Oh," Pearl said. "Bummer." 

"What!?" Jason said again. "No. Why?" 

"It seems to be related to Pearl's use of the elixir," Granny said. "There is a reason that we use it so sparingly on our own beasts. It has a powerful effect on humans. In most cases, the human expires after ejaculation." 

Jason shot a dirty look at Pearl. "And you just had me chug-a-lug a gallon of the stuff?" he said. 

"Hey," Pearl replied, "you can't argue with results." 

"One of which," Granny said, "was your prodigious ejaculate." 

"Mmm-hmm," said Pearl, in a dreamy voice. 

"I could have died, you daffy broad!" Jason said. 

"Indeed," Granny said. "Fortunately for you, you did not. Instead, it appears that producing so much of your male essence in so short a time has temporarily removed your ability to create any more." 

"No no no no no," Jason said. "Is this some new demon-scam you're trying to pull?" 

"Regrettably, no," Granny said. "Although unable to move, I was aware of your rather vigorous attempt at filthy consummation. I recognized the signs: arousal, then hyper-arousal, and the resultant loss of self." Granny arched an eyebrow at Jason. "You felt it, didn't you?" 

"Felt ... it ...?" Jason prompted. 

"Felt yourself ceasing to be as an individual," Granny said. "Felt your identity slipping away, the whole world around you ceasing to be, your self becoming nothing more than an instrument of sex, your mind and body united in a singular goal: relentless, unceasing copulation." 

"Yeah," Jason said. "It was ... incredible. But kind of horrible too." 

Granny nodded. "Remember that. Especially should you find yourself tempted by the lust for demonic flesh." 

"So," Jason began, "let's say, just as a f'rinstance, that Pearl hadn't knocked me out. What's the worst that could happen?" 

"Hmm," Granny mused. "Perhaps an analogy. I forget, do you have bees on your world?" 

"What?" Jason said. "Bees?" 

"Small, flying, hive-minded insects," Granny said. 

Jason rolled his eyes. "I didn't mean 'what the fuck are bees," he said. "I meant 'what the fuck do bees have to do with anything'?" 

"Ah," Granny said. "Bees, you see, defend their hive and queen by striking their victims with their barbed stingers. However, their ability to do so is limited by the fact that their stinger is attached to their innards. When they sting, their stinger is pulled out, consequently pulling out their entrails, and so ending their life. Thus, they are able to sting only once, and then they are done." 

"Okay, gross," Jason said. "So?" 

"Now, consider their cousin, the wasp," Granny said. "Similar to bees in many ways, but one difference is that their stinger does not detach when they sting." 

"So...they can sting over and over again?" Jason said. 

"They can," Granny said, "and they do. An agitated wasp nest is terrifying, even to my kind. They are relentless, unforgiving, and, lacking the limitation of bees, absolutely will not cease attacking until the offender is dead, or somehow manages to escape." 

Jason had never run into wasps, but that squared with what he'd heard. "So, what, I'm a wasp?" 

"Yes, Jason," Granny said. "The inverse power relationship that has developed between yourself and Purleen, combined with your inability to ejaculate, would result in you draining her magical essence, leading to an explosion of sufficient force to obliterate you." 

"So first I couldn't stop jizzing all over the place, and now I can't jizz at all?" Jason said. 

Pearl shrugged her shoulders, but Granny nodded somberly. 

"Well that's a big fucking problem!" Jason said. 

"Yeah, Granny!" Pearl said. "How am I gonna get home?" 

Jason rolled his eyes, and then said to Granny, "But you said it's temporary, right? How temporary is 'temporarily'?" 

"That is difficult to say," Granny said. "This is somewhat unprecedented, like many of Purleen's recent exploits. Days, weeks, months...probably no longer than a year." 

"A year!?" Jason said. 

"Two years, at the outside," Granny said. "Or maybe four. Five years or more is not outside the realm of imagination." 

"Shit," Jason said. He looked at Pearl. "You really know how to fuck a guy over." 

Pearl shrugged sheepishly. 

"And now, Jason," Granny said, "I'll need you to excuse yourself." 

"Excuse me?" Jason said. "This is my room." 

"I am aware," Granny said. "Nonetheless, I need to speak privately with Pearl, as we decide on a plan going forward." 

"Shouldn't I be in on this?" Jason said. 

"Not necessary," said Granny. "We shall be conversing in our native tongue, which is meaningless to you. And besides, I'm certain you have some tasks of your own to attend to." 

Jason threw his hands up. "Fine," he said. He stood, stormed to the closet, and grabbed a t-shirt and a pair of jeans. He pulled them on huffily. 

"I oughtta have my head examined," Jason muttered angrily as he opened the bedroom door. He turned back to the naked demon women. Granny stared at him implacably. Pearl had a hurt, pleading look on her face, like a child faced with an impending, but deserved, spanking. 

"Just try not to break anything else, okay?" he said. 

Granny betrayed the tiniest of smiles. "I make no promises," she said evenly. 

Jason hoped that was her attempt at humor. He rolled his eyes and exited the room, closing the door behind him. 

He went back to the living room. Surveying it, he decided that as long as he was here, he might as well do what he could about the mess. As a show of good faith for Telly. 

Good faith is about all I've got right now, he thought glumly. Might as well get started. 

He began by gathering together all the ruined pieces of table and technology. None were particularly large, but there were a lot of them, and it took about a quarter of an hour to gather them into a pile in a corner of the living room. 

Going to the kitchen (and thank goodness that was largely undamaged), he got a bunch of garbage bags from under the sink and began filling them with debris. Three bags and many pieces of plastic and plywood later, he was heading downstairs to the complex's communal dumpster. 

The brightness of the morning sun took him aback for a second. He realized that he hadn't seen it for over a day. More than that, he reasoned, if you took the two week time gap into account. Fucking demons, he thought. He tossed the garbage in and headed back upstairs. 

Back in the living room again, Jason realized that it looked pretty big now. Less clutter. He kind of liked it this way, but doubted that Telly would share he opinion. 

Regardless, he got the broom and dustpan, and resignedly set to sweeping up the plaster and splinters as best as he could, making sure to be careful when he got to places where there were slivers of glass. 

He let his mind go blank, getting lost in cleanup. Intentionally not thinking about the demons in his bedroom, or about what had come over him this morning with Pearl, or Telly, or Kristin. 

Well, he did think about Kristin. What was he going to tell her? Would she even be willing to listen? Should he just give her the whole crazy truth? He was hardly able to believe it himself, and he'd lived it. 

When Jason heard his bedroom door open, he glanced at the wall clock. It had been about forty-five minutes since the demons had kicked him out. He was going to ask them what they'd been up to, but when they rounded the corner he forgot how to talk. 

Gone were all their demon-y traits. Now they looked human. Pearl looked exactly as she had on the night they'd first met. A very pretty, incredibly busty, olive-skinned woman of indeterminate ethnic descent. A lot like her natural (if one could use that word) form, only slightly less statuesque, and minus the red skin and wings. 

Granny looked very similar, although she was, even in this form, a few inches bigger all around than Pearl. Except in the bust, of course. Pearl was still the gold medal winner in that category, though Granny shared the podium with her. 

And they were dressed. Kind of. 

They were both wearing jeans and t-shirts. His jeans and t-shirts. All three of them were about the same height, Granny being a couple of inches taller than Jason, but the jeans were cut for men, not women. As a result, they hugged their curves to an almost seam-popping tightness around the ass and thighs, while becoming almost bell-bottoms around their ankles. 

As for the t-shirts...come on. They weren't designed to contain such insanely plentiful bosoms. Granny was wearing his Gorillaz shirt, and Murdoc's grinning cartoon face was stretched out so much that there were cracks in the paint. The hem ended about an inch above the waistband of her jeans. 

And Pearl had nearly destroyed his TwentyOne Pilots tee. Quite a feat in itself, since he'd intentionally gotten a XXXL. On Pearl though, it looked like a babydoll tee. Her boobs filled most of the shirt, stretching it tight over her torso. And even with that, the hem only hung a couple of inches below her underboob; tucking it in was impossible, and one sudden move could turn scandalous, real quick. 

"Oh my god," Jason said. "Are you auditioning for a Motley Crue video?" 

"They're your clothes," Pearl said snidely. "Besides, we have to wear something, and you don't have any clothing designed for women." 

"Still," Jason said, "jesus." 

"Is this appropriate cladding for your location?" Granny asked. 

"Well, sure," Jason said. "I mean, this is Austin we're talking about." 

Jason was referencing the unofficial motto of the city: "Keep Austin Weird". 

Granny, understandably, didn't get it. With some annoyance, she said, "What I mean is, do I risk being arrested, stoned, or burned as a witch if I appear in public in this manner?" 

"You'll get some looks for sure," Jason said, "but you wouldn't be the craziest thing out there." 
