 Note: This is part of a continuing story. The previous parts are, in order: Drummer Boy - The Call, Drummer Boy - Jason Goes to Hell, and Drummer Boy - Down to Earth. 

Thanks for waiting, folks! A word of warning: this part is really dark. I found myself a little disturbed by what came out of me in this one. We'll get back into the fun sexy in a bit, but for now, read with one hand over your eyes if you have to... 

***** 

Kristin walked over to where Pearl was laid out on the floor. With only the slightest effort, she grabbed Pearl around her midsection and casually tossed her over one shoulder. 

"Be right back," Kristin said over her shoulder to Jason, and exited the room. 

Jason, still reeling from being gut-punched, was in the process of hoisting himself up to the edge of the bed, when Kristin sauntered back in. 

"Come on, loverboy," Kristin said, and proceeded to lift and carry him out in the same way. 

Kristin's angling was a bit off during the brief trip. Twice, his head whacked into the wall, but Kristin paid no mind. She hauled him into the living room and tossed his butt into one of the wooden chairs from the kitchen. He started to protest, but then felt his arms yanked behind him, followed by the cold clink of the handcuffs around his wrists. 

"Kristin what the fu-mmmmhp!" Jason said, his expletive cut short by a leather belt that Kristin suddenly wrapped lengthwise around his head, clamping his jaw shut. Then Kristin was at his feet, and another pair of cuffs encircled his ankles. 

"That takes care of you," Kristin said. "Now for stumpy." 

Kristin turned her attention to Pearl, who had been dumped unceremoniously on the floor. Kristin walked over to where Pearl lay, grabbed her by the hair, and dragged her like that, toward Jason. 

This caused Pearl to wake up somewhat, and she struggled dazedly. Kristin paused, gave her a quick boot to the ribs, and continued dragging her. 

Kristin yanked Pearl up onto her knees before Jason, then let go of her hair. Pearl slumped, her face falling right into Jason's lap. 

"Alright, bitch," Kristin sneered, "show me what you got." 

Which segues nicely into 

Today, Now 

"God you're such a nasty whore. Such a filthy slut. You can't get enough, can you?" 

At this point, Jason wasn't really sure who Kristin was talking about. 

Sure, Pearl was doing the sucking, but it wasn't really her choice. Kristin used threats of violence, either against Jason or Pearl herself to force her into it. 

On the other hand, Kristin might mean Jason. Sure, he was cuffed to the chair, and the belt around his jaw kept him from lodging a protest, but... 

This was pretty fucking hot. Pearl's unwilling mouth was non-stop all over his dick and, despite the circumstances, he had to admit that he welcomed every entry into her warm, slobbery orifice. He hated himself for it, but even if he could speak up, he honestly couldn't say for sure that he would. 

Or, Jason suspected, Kristin was talking to herself. She stood behind him, grinding her crotch against the chair and his rearward-bound hands. In between her uttered vulgarities, Kristin grunted and hissed and moaned. Several times, Jason had felt the trembling of her thighs, as if she were on the precarious verge of orgasm. 

But for some reason, that orgasm never seemed to come. Kristin would occasionally pause and slow down a bit, giving Jason a glimmer of hope that this, whatever this was, was over. 

Then Kristin would sneer some comment about "fat fucking titties" or "damned slut of a cock", or blathering about satisfying "the Lady", and then she'd be right back at it, working herself into a lather at Pearl and Jason's expense. 

It was all rather frustrating. 

At length, Kristin muttered, "Goddammit." She said it softly, but with malice. 

"Goddammit!" Kristin said again, louder. "How much do you need, Jason? What does it take?" 

"Well, Granny says it could be anywhere upwards of days to years before my condition goes away, but I suppose if one of the girls could whip up some magic spell..." 

...is what Jason could have said, if not for the belt holding his mouth shut. 

"Maybe you're just not doing it right," Kristin said. "Let me show you." 

Kristin reached around Jason and grabbed the sides of Pearl's head with both hands. She forced Pearl's head roughly down on Jason's dick, hard enough that he winced from the impact. 

She lifted Pearl's head and did it again, and again, and again. 

"You've gotta...really...get...in...there!" Kristin said, punctuating her words by slamming Pearl's face into Jason's pelvis. 

Jason was horrified by Kristin's actions. He was also incredibly aroused. God, this felt so good. He found that he was humping his dick into her mouth on each downstroke and, realizing this, he struggled to remain passive. Was he that fucked up? Had Pearl's evil somehow rubbed off on him? 

Kristin continued to force-fuck Pearl's face with Jason's dick. 

"What the fuck is wrong with you!?" Kristin said. "Spunk in that bimbo's mouth already!" 

"About that..." Jason would have said, except ... well, you know. 

Kristin gave Pearl's head one more forceful thrust into Jason's lap and released her. 

"God, you guys are the worst," Kristin said. 

Pearl weakly raised her head to face Kristin. Tears ran down her cheeks, and her lips were swollen and bruised, but her eyes aimed a hateful glare at Kristin. 

"Aw, poor baby," Kristin said. "What's the matter?. You wanna do something? Just try it -" 

Kristin put one hand under Jason's chin. 

"and lover boy here's head becomes a twist-off," Kristin said. "I'd love to see you suck a dead motherfucker's dick. I'll make you bite it off, fuck you in the ass with it, and finish you off by jamming it down your throat." 

Pearl's eyes went wide. Jason shuddered. Kristin giggled. There was not an ounce of sanity in that giggle. 

"Now," Kristin said, addressing Pearl, "what's your name, whore?" 

Pearl regained some of her bearing, and looking Kristin directly in her eyes, answered, "The whore's name is Pearl." 

"Pearl?" Kristin repeated. "What kind of name is that?" 

"You know," Pearl said, "Like in -" 

Kristin slapped Pearl. Open-handed, and so hard that Pearl fell backward onto the floor. 

"You floppy-uddered cow of course I know!" said Kristin. "Such a perfect name for you. You're fucking built for it, aren't you?" 

"Yes...?" Pearl said warily. Then, with stunning alacrity, she rolled over onto all fours (threes), ready to pounce. 

But Kristin was ready. "Ah ah ah," she said. She jerked Jason's head to emphasize her meaning. 

Jason implored Pearl with a look. He wished they were still sharing the mental link from earlier, but it was gone now. Gone, just like any hope for a peaceful resolution to all this. 

Pearl gave in, and slumped back onto her haunches. 

"Smart, whore," Kristin said. "Now, get back over here. Hands and knees. I wanna see you crawl back for a mouthful of dick." 

Pearl crawled, awkwardly, and replaced her head between Jason's legs. She swallowed Jason's dick, and started to work her mouth along his shaft. 

"Fuck him with your mouth," Kristin said. She started grinding against Jason's hands again. "Look at both of us while you fuck him with your mouth. That beautiful mouth..." 

Pearl raised her eyes, while Kristin angled Jason's head down to look at her. Pearl's face was still defiant, but there was no doubt about who held all the cards in this game. 

"What's the matter, baby?" Kristin whispered in Jason's ear. "She's not a good cocksucker, is she? Not as good as the Lady." 

"She's come a long way, actually," Jason would have said, except yadda yadda. 

Kristin pressed her vulva into Jason's open hand, and Jason couldn't help but feel her hot slit through the damp fabric of her yoga pants. Kristin moaned deeply in response. 

"But with tits like that," Kristin said, "she doesn't get a lot of practice, does she? We both know what you keep her around for, don't we? Hoist 'em up, bitch. I wanna see those big motherfuckers wrapped around his dick. Don't stop sucking...don't stop..." 

Pearl complied, somehow managing to cradle her enormous juggs under her arm. She lifted her breasts into Jason's lap, while amazingly keeping Jason's dick in her mouth. 

Jason's cock, pulsing mightily, lay in the phenomenally large valley formed between Pearl's surrounding breasts, the head still between Pearl's full lips. 

"Goddammit, Pearl," Kristin breathed, "you've got the biggest tits I've ever seen." 

Kristin reached out and grabbed Pearl's breasts, sinking her fingers deeply into the vast amount of flesh on display. She pressed Pearl's tits together, squeezing them hard around Jason's dick, and forcing the excess upward into Pearl's face. 

"Go on," Kristin said. "Fuck 'em." 

Jason bucked his hips upward. Pearl's tits bounced a bit, and Kristin scowled. 

"Harder," Kristin said. "Don't hold back. I know you want it." 

Jason did want it, just not like this. He bucked his hips again, and he could feel Pearl's saliva lubricating his cock inside Pearl's warm, squeezed-together cleavage. He humped his dick through Pearl's breast valley again, and again, and again. 

Okay, maybe he did want it like this. 

"That's what you like, baby?" Kristin said, continuing to knead Pearl's breasts around Jason's cock. "That's what you've been looking for? Kristin's little boobies aren't enough. You need titties so big they look like special effects. Those are the kind of tits that make you cum, huh?" 

Jason wasn't sure if she was being rhetorical or not. At least not until Kristin dug her fingers sharply into Pearl's breasts, eliciting a muffled whimper from Pearl. 

"Answer me!" Kristin said. She shook Pearl's breasts violently for emphasis. "You've cum all over those fat bitches, haven't you?" 

"Mmm-hmm!" Jason said. 

"And you loved it, didn't you?" Kristin said. 

Oh god. "Mmm-hmm!" Jason said. 

"AUUUGH!" Kristin growled. She released Pearl's breasts and glared angrily at the demon. Pearl continued to suck Jason's dick, but he thought he caught a hint of smugness in her face. 

"He was mine, bitch," Kristin snarled. "Fucking mine! And then here you come, with your super-sized udders, giving him the one thing I can't!" 

This puzzled Jason. He'd always thought that it was a "won't" rather than a "can't". Why would it be a "can't"? Now would be a good time for a dialogue on this. 

"But you," she hissed. "You. With your huge, fuckable breastmeats. You're just a walking fetish, you know that? Every man who lays his eyes on you wants to plow those titties, don't they?" 

Pearl dared not stop sucking Jason's dick, but somehow managed to nod. 

"And you love cum on your big fat juggs, don't you?" Kristin said. "Working some dude over with those big knockers until he slops out a thick, creamy load on you. Gives you a big happy, doesn't it?" 

Pearl nodded again, this time with an almost wistful, "Mmm-hmmm." 

Kristin said, "I bet you've squeezed out a lot of cum with those slutty tits, haven't you? Just gallons and gallons, haven't you, bitch?" 

Pearl nodded again, this time adding a more insistent, "Mmm-hmm!" 

"And I bet you've had a lot of dicks in your cleavage," Kristin said. "A lot of dicks, fucking and cumming for those monsters." 

Pearl stopped sucking Jason's dick, and fixed Kristin with an intent stare. 

"Nope," Pearl said. "Just one dick." 

Kristin stared back at her for a second, then said, "Bitch." 

Pearl, with her abused and swollen lips, managed a defiant smile. 

Quick as lightning, Kristin hauled off and punched her, hard, right in the face. Pearl went flying backward, landing face-down a couple of feet away. 

Kristin didn't waste a second. She rushed over to the momentarily-stunned Pearl, inadvertently knocking Jason's chair over in the process. Now laying on his side and still bound to the chair, Jason was unable to do anything but watch. 

Kristin yanked Pearl's arm to get her on her back. Then she sat down on top of Pearl, pinning her down with her legs, her thighs spread wide as she straddled Pearl's belly. 

"You think you're funny, cunt?" Kristin said. She punched Pearl in the face. "You think you're cute?" Punch. "You think you're hot shit?" Punch. Punch. "Go ahead, say something now!" 

Kristin punched Pearl several more times. Pearl's arm waved weakly, in a futile attempt to deter the blows that Kristin rained down on her. 

Kristin paused. "Nothing?" she said. "Yeah, that's what I thought." 

Then, Pearl laughed. A wet burbling laugh, but still a laugh. Jason felt his skin prickle in warning. 

"What's so funny?" Kristin said. 

"I made him ... come more," Pearl managed, "in one night ... than you ... ever did ..." 

Kristin seethed. "Oh. Did. You." she said, growling out each word. 

"Uh huh," Pearl said, weakly, "whole body ... dripping ... lovely ..." 

"MMMMMMPH!!" Jason said. Pearl really needed to stop antagonizing the crazy woman. 

"Hush, you," Kristin said over her shoulder at Jason. "The women are talking." 

Kristin stood up. She began rolling the hem of her yoga pants down her hips, exposing her nakedness underneath. 

Falteringly, Pearl lifted herself up on her one arm to face Kristin. Jason could see that her face was a mess. Her nose had been knocked out of true. One of her ears was ripped, there were purple and blue bruises all over her face, and one eye was blackened and swollen completely shut. Oddly, there was no blood. 

"Get back down," Kristin said. When Pearl didn't comply, Kristin kicked her in the gut. Pearl "oof!"ed and fell flat. 

"There's a girl. Now," Kristin said, "I want what you gave him." 

"What..." whimpered Pearl. 

Kristin, standing astride the writhing and weakly moaning Pearl, sneered down at the prone demon woman. 

"Think fast!" Kristin said, and then suddenly dropped right down onto Pearl, her ass landing on Pearl's belly. 

Pearl wailed. Kristin laughed. 

"Thinking's not your strong suit, is it?" Kristin said. She slapped Pearl's breasts. "But who needs brains when you've got tits like these?" 

She slapped Pearl's breasts, hard and repeatedly. Pearl flinched and whimpered under the assault. 

"Big boobs like these. Soft, tender..." Kristin lost all sense of restraint, and slaps turned into punches, making the Pearl's abundant breast-flesh ripple and shudder. 

Pearl began to sob with anguish. She was really hurting, and Kristin laughed gutturally, reveling in her pain. 

"Well, I got news for you, honey," Kristin said. "You may have made my man come a lot, but I'm gonna break your record." 

Kristin fastened her hands around Pearl's neck. 

"And let's see what else we can break," Kristin said. 

Jason watched as Kristin raised her hips up and straddled Pearl's tits. She ground her bald pussy into them, humping into them with the full weight of her body. 

"Goddamn it they're real!" Kristin said. "I thought they were fake. Overinflated silicone. But these fuckers are all natural." 

"Super ... natural..." Pearl said. And then her words were silenced again as Kristin squeezed her throat even harder. 

"No more talking you big tit bitch," Kristin said. "You big ... titty ... bitch ..." 

Kristin humped Pearl's juggs hard, her thighs supported fully by their voluminous mass, and using Pearl's neck like a handle. 

Pearl made little choking sounds while Kristin strangled her. Titfucking Pearl with her naked pussy, Kristin moaned and babbled semi-coherently. 

"Big ... fat ... fucking ... tits ... uhhhh! ... big ... breasts ... fuuuuuck ..." 

The smell of Kristin's arousal was overpowering. She threw her head back and wailed animalistically. 

"Haaaaah! Goddamn!" Kristin said. "Fuck you, bitch! I'm fucking your big bitchy tits now. Fuck! Check it out, Jason. You like what you see? They're my fucking tits now! How you like that, you stupid fucking cow!?" 

Pearl didn't seem to like it at all. Neither did Jason. His dick, on the other hand, seemed to like it a hell of a lot. He was almost painfully hard. From where he lay, it pointed emphatically at the women, throbbing purple and angry in their direction. 

"What the fuck..." Kristin said. "What the fuck are you doing to me? I'm fucking your boobs, you whore, fucking your giant boobs and coming all over them ... fuck ... more bitch ... unreal ... make me come, slut ... come hard ... jugfucker ... I'm a jugfucker ... I'm a jug ... fucking sluuuuuuttt ..." 

Kristin squeezed her thighs powerfully, gathering Pearl's breasts together for some final, forceful humping, while simultaneously thudding the back of Pearl's head repeatedly into the hard wood of the floor. 

Kristin's orgasm was heralded by a terrible noise. Part howl, part bellow, it was if she were simultaneously triumphant and grievously wounded. 

Jason had a brief hope that someone would hear and call the police. Then he remembered: Pearl had cast some kind of silence spell on the apartment. Dammit, Pearl. On the other hand, whatever mental whammy she had laid on Telly and Lillian was probably saving their lives. Neither of them were equipped to handle any of this. Not that Pearl or Jason were faring much better, but... 

Kristin tightened her fingers around Pearl's throat, flinging her head around, heedless of anything but her own terrible, animalistic pleasure. 

Kristin finally gave one last, great wail, which trailed off into a swoon. Slowly, she released her grip on Pearl's neck, and let her arms drop to her sides. 

Kristin began to giggle. She released Pearl's breasts from the iron grip of her thighs, and slid down Pearl's still body. When her face was even with Pearl's, she began lavishing the ruined visage with little kisses. 

"You did it, bitch," Kristin said. Kiss, kiss. "Dammit, you satisfied her." Kiss, kiss, now trailing kisses down onto Pearl's tits. "You made the Lady smile." Kiss, kiss, kiss. 

"MMMMMPHH!" Jason said. 

Kristin looked over at Jason, surprised. She seemed to have forgotten Jason was even there. She stopped her kissing and lay her head on one of Pearl's breasts like it was a giant pillow. 

"Oh, hey baby," Kristin said, as breezily as if she were talking about the weather. "Enjoy the show?" 

Kristin rose to her feet. Her thighs were slick with vaginal fluids, and her vulva was engorged and dark. She strode casually toward Jason. 

Jason struggled against his restraints. Bound as he was, he didn't get much accomplished aside from backing away a few inches. 

She knelt down next to Jason. She looked him in the eye, then at his throbbing cock, and then back at his worried, sweating face. 

"What's the matter, baby?" Kristin said. "I thought you'd appreciate a little girl-on-girl." 

Jason rubbed his face against the floor, trying to dislodge the belt that held his jaw shut. 

Kristin rolled her eyes and sighed. "Fine," she said, and then yanked the belt loose. 

Jason gasped. Streams of saliva ran down his chin. His lips and tongue were raw, and his throat was hoarse. It hurt to even move his jaw, but he tried speaking anyway. 

"Pearl..." Jason said, "is she alive? Please tell me-" 

"I hope so," Kristin said, smiling grimly. "I've got a couple more things I wanna try. 'Course, she doesn't need to be alive..." 

Seeing the horrified expression on Jason's face, Kristin giggled. 

"Relax, champ!" Kristin said. "She's hanging in there. God, she's a fucking tank, that bitch." 

Jason struggled against his restraints, trying to think of anything that might bring Kristin back to sanity. 

"Kristin, you've gotta stop this," Jason said. "Think about -" 

"Shh," Kristin said. "Let me help you." 
