 Thanks again for all the support, folks! Please enjoy the latest installment of my tale, straight from my caffeine-and-Deadmau5-addled brain to your eyeballs. 

***** 

Kristin couldn't help but laugh. Jason said he loved her. Ha. Even if that were true, it no longer mattered. Love or no, he was going to come for her anyway. 

Kristin watched Jason's face go blank, his eyes glassy. It was happening. In the end, he was just like all the others. Just a man. Easy. Weak. Prey. 

Kristin pressed her hungry breasts tighter around Jason's dick, sucked harder on the head of his cock. Give it all to the Lady. Give her everything you've got. 

Kristin felt Jason's scrotum grow hot against her skin as the first spurt of cum filled her mouth. The Lady smiled. 

* * * 

Jason was Pearl. Jason was Pearl, living through the life that was Pearl's life. 

Hazy and shadowed. These were old, old memories. In these memories Jason saw Pearl's cohort of Wings. They loomed above her, even though they were the same age. 

They were her sisters. All Wings considered themselves sisters, but these were her group of hatchlings. These were her sisters, and they knew Pearl was wrong. 

That Pearl was smaller than the others was immediately obvious. It had become evident, though, that she could not link minds with her sisters. 

She wasn't completely mindblind, or there would be no saving her from the furnace. But Pearl was seemingly unable to form the mental link necessary for unison combat. Try as she might, she could not connect with the others, leaving her alone in her own head, always apart from her sisters. 

"Freak," they said of Pearl. "Runt. Useless." 

They were her sisters. Her cruel, beautiful sisters. "Mistake," they called her. 

As youths they heaped insults on her. And as they got older, hungry for battle but not yet ready for war, they added physical torments to their verbal ones. They took their aggressions out on the one who mattered the least, and was least capable of retaliation. 

Pearl tried to defend herself. She wasn't very successful. She did learn how to take a punch, and get up again after. A small thing, but necessary. 

And, locked in her own mind as she was, Pearl learned to think for herself. And that thinking led to questions. 

* * * 

Jason's body was tense, his dick insistently hard as he pumped his seed into Kristin's mouth. Molten hot, she nonetheless gulped it down. The heat of it traveled down her throat, down to her belly, and from there spread all over her body. Her spine tingled with a new vitality. Her pussy creamed into orgasm immediately. 

Oh, the Lady needed this, she thought. The Lady needs more of this. Give me more, she willed. Give the Lady everything... 

She looked down to her breasts. Jason's erupting cock was sliding in between them, lubricated by saliva and semen. Jason's dick was trapped between those pleasuring orbs, neither willing nor able to break free of their hungry enticements. His dick was dark and heavy, his thick man-meat pummeling Kristin's breasts into a bouncy, jiggly frenzy. 

Beautiful, Kristin thought. This is what you wanted. Take it. Use my breasts the way they need to be used. This one last time, you'll come like a god. Like no one has ever made you come before. 

Kristin spared a thought for the dead woman that served as the stage for this debauchery. Her mind laughed. Her mouth gulped down more of Jason's semen. Her hungry breasts squeezed and stroked Jason's erupting dick. Kristin came again. 

* * * 

So many questions, Pearl had. 

Why do we fight the Spines? Why does neither side seem to win? Where did the humans come from? If they give us power, why don't we get more? Why are the ways between the worlds shut? Why is no one else asking questions? 

Pearl did ask her questions. She couldn't help herself; she couldn't not have answers. 

Pearl's questioning tested the patience of all the Wings. Sisters, teachers, commanders. All the way up to the Grand Wing Mother herself. 

Pearl's answers mostly came in the form of a slap or a punch, followed by the command to shut up and do as she was told. Often, she was punished by being placed in one of the Naughty Chairs, to sit in shame with the hideous birthing beasts, where the other Wings could see the consequence of insubordination. 

Even the Grand Wing Mother, who was, for some reason, less impatient with her, would give her no answers. After one too many questions, she struck Pearl, just like all the others had, but offered more. 

"Stupid child," the Wing Mother said to the adolescent Pearl, sprawled on the floor and reeling from the blow. 

"Here is all you need to know, Purleen," she said. "You will fight, you will kill, and ultimately, you will die. But before you do, you must discover what you alone can contribute. What can you give of yourself. To the Aerie, to the Wings, and even to great Electra herself!" 

She was the Grand Wing Mother. She was tall and strong, the embodiment of fierce grace. She was powerful and wise and seemed to hate her less than everyone else. So Pearl heeded her. 

For a time, anyway. But her questions remained. 

* * * 

Less hazy. Pearl was mature now, as were her sisters. 

Her sisters had learned their lessons well. They were strong and battle-ready. They were proud and fearless, bristling with aggression, burning with fury. 

Pearl had learned her lessons, too. Her curious nature had grown, and consequently, so had the severity of her punishments. Not fit for battle, she had been assigned to furnace duty. 

She tended to the flames, beating her wings for hours, sometimes days, keeping the coals hot for the magisters. 

She watched the magisters work their craft. She learned the ways of metal: the purification, the shaping and cooling, the great care it took to produce each piece of armor, each spear and sword. She was intrigued by the magics applied to some afterward, increasing their durability and sharpness. She yearned to learn more. 

Pearl also learned of death. Bodies were disposed of in the furnaces. Her defeated sisters, spent male beasts, exhausted birthing beasts, even those children deemed unfit to serve the Aerie. In the end, all charred and blackened into unrecognizable masses among the coals. 

"You will fight, you will kill, and you will ultimately die." The Grand Wing Mother's words, and the furnaces were the proof. 

One night, three of her cruel, beautiful sisters decided they had had enough of the "mistake", and sought to rectify that mistake. 

They came at Pearl unawares, linked as if for battle. They had size, strength, and skill. 

Pearl had none of those things. What Pearl had was powerful wings, strengthened by countless days of constant use. What Pearl had was skin tempered by the flames of the furnaces. What Pearl had was the smell of charred flesh in her nose, always reminding her of the fate that awaited all. 

And Pearl had the fury of decades, with nothing to lose. 

All three of her attackers had to be sent to the menders. One of them did not return. 

Afterwards, the Grand Wing Mother herself tended to Pearl's injuries. 

"Very impressive, Purleen," the Grand Wing Mother said. "Perhaps you will be of some use to the Aerie after all. Tell me, would you like to fight?" 

Pearl shook her head. "Then what shall we do with you, little Purleen?" 

And then, to the Wing Mother's surprise, Pearl asked to return to the furnace. Only this time, as a magister. 

* * * 

Back in the world of the real, something was wrong. Jason wasn't stopping. 

Kristin's orgasms had subsided; the Lady was sated. Yet Jason's cock was still hard, still pistoning between her rippling breasts, still pumping spurt after spurt of bitter jizz into her mouth. 

Kristin had expected that Jason would be like all the others, and ultimately like Braden, expiring after he had taken his pleasure with her breasts. But his orgasm was ceaseless, and she felt her belly becoming full from swallowing so much semen.  

Kristin turned disbelieving eyes up to Jason's face. Her gaze was met by a blank, slack-jawed expression. Although he still gripped her head, although his hips steadily pumped his stiff dick between her breasts and into her mouth, although his body was in constant motion, Jason's mind was far, far away. 

Kristin had, amazingly, had enough. But Jason had more to give. 

Disbelief became alarm, and another fat spurt of cum jetted deep into Kristin's throat. 

* * * 

Pearl's life had changed. Her questioning spirit turned its focus to the crafting of metal, to the understanding of fire. She was permitted to learn the magics of the magisters, and these she absorbed voraciously. When the books of magics proved too simple, she requested other, older books. Codices of magic that gone unread and uncomprehended beyond living memory. Pearl relentlessly pursued their knowledge, refusing to admit defeat, and was rewarded with ancient wisdom. 

Her feelings toward her sisters changed, too. They fought, and they killed. All too often they died, and became fuel for the fires. Where once Pearl had seen tormentors, she now saw fodder. Pearl felt pity for her cruel, beautiful, doomed sisters. 

Her relationship to the Grand Wing Mother also transformed. When Pearl had asked for permission to further enchant the Grand Mother's own living weapon, she was met with skepticism, but the Grand Mother had allowed it. 

It had taken the essence of quite a few beasts. Harvesting the life force from the humans was distasteful, repulsed as she was by their grotesque forms. But this project was for the Wing Mother, and Pearl felt a ... desire for her. Something she couldn't articulate. She would do anything to please her Grand Wing Mother. And so she persevered, and was successful. 

"You are something new, Purleen," the Wing Mother said, admiring the newly-enchanted sword. "Something new, and curious. Persist, child, and you may achieve a sort of greatness before you die." 

The Grand Wing Mother was wise and beautiful, and she believed in Pearl. And so Pearl believed her. 

Pearl's reputation in the Aerie spread. Pearl, the inventive magister, full of mad ideas that nonetheless bore fruit. Pearl, the impertinent magister, who now referred to the Grand Wing Mother simply as "Granny", which the Wing Mother grudgingly permitted. Pearl, the inquisitive magister, who tirelessly delved into the magics long-unused even by other magisters, discovering secrets and techniques that turned the tide of many battles. 

Pearl was, at last, of the Aerie. She had proved her worth to her sisters, to the Wings, and to great Electra herself. 

And yet ... she still had questions. 

* * * 

The haze was clearer now, the memories much more recent. 

Jason felt Pearl's exhilaration, as she gazed at the sight in her scrying lens. 

She'd had to work in secret. Magical resources were to be used to defeat the Spines, not wasted in the pursuit of futile fantasies. But Pearl had been patient, carefully masking her research. 

Learning the lost magics to peer between worlds had been relatively easy. Harvesting the extra essence from the beasts to power the magics had been unpleasant. 

Pearl had viewed hundreds of worlds. Some of the worlds were dark and hungry, like Tarterus, and of no use. Other worlds were shining and many-angled, worlds of such abundance that even her mind crumbled at the sight of them through her lenses. Those worlds were equally useless. 

But the worlds in between ... they were promising, and that was where Pearl put her focus. 

Some of them had life, although not always life as Pearl recognized it. They could possibly be of use, but Pearl had realized at the outset of her explorations that she might only get one chance at this, and she wanted to get it exactly right. 

And now, at last, here it was. There was no mistaking it. Pearl had found the world of the humans. She had rediscovered Earth. 

Humans. Male beasts and their birthing counterparts. They were trim and healthy, bearing only token resemblance to the repulsive creatures bred on Tarterus. These humans lived unfettered and feral. Millions upon millions of them, and all of them were brimming with soul essence. 

If the essence of one human was enough for a blessing, and the essence of twenty was enough for the strongest of enchantments, what could she accomplish with a hundred? Or a thousand? Or more? 

With that much power at her command, Pearl could deal the Spines a blow so devastating they'd never recover. She could stop the senseless deaths of her beautiful sisters. She could earn the respect of the Aerie, of Granny, of great Electra herself. 

Pearl could end the war. The power was there. All she had to do was take it. 

Pearl smiled. A hungry, predator's smile. 

* * * 

Kristin had to do something. Excess jizz was flowing down her chin, and Jason showed no sign of slowing down, let alone stopping. 

She let go of her breasts, freeing Jason's shaft from the encouragement of the long-desired titfucking. She tried to push him away. She tried to disengage, to dislodge the dick that assaulted her mouth. 

Her efforts were in vain. Jason merely forced his cock deeper in between her lips, holding himself there and cumming, cumming, cumming until she could no longer breathe. 

* * * 

The next memories were much clearer. Fresh, even. 

It had taken some time to get the portal spell right. It had also taken a tremendous amount of magic. Dozens of the grotesque beasts, spurred on by pilfered elixir and the enticements of her demon flesh, had given their lives for Pearl's grand experiment. 

But, Pearl hoped, should she ever be called to account for her transgressions, her successes would allow them to be overlooked. 

She had prepared well. She had done her mathematics, calculating the proper resonant frequencies. She had chosen a place where the walls between the worlds were thinner. She had assembled her spells. She had gathered chalk and diaboli. She had garbed herself in magic enough to travel and then return. 

With mounting excitement, Pearl crafted her portal of blue electric fire. She steeled herself, and stepped through. 

The room was small, and furnished with soft things. Unexpectedly cool. Yes, Pearl thought, this will do. 

Pearl cast a transformation spell on herself, to hide her demonic nature. Now wingless, pale and small as a human, she exited the room. Her long-derided mental powers were more than enough, she discovered, to cloud the minds of any beasts who might question her. 

Outside of the motel it was dusk, and a gentle rain misted wetness onto her naked body. She would have to remember clothes next time. 

Pearl created her seeker spells. They were clever little things, semi-intelligent balls of scintillating light, with instructions to survey the surrounding area, and find male beasts of sufficient potency. She released them into the night air, and waited for their return. 

And when they did return, Pearl was delighted to learn of several suitable beasts that were very close. She could have her pick, or take them all. 

A dozen men went missing from the greater Austin metropolitan area that night. Their bodies were never found. 

Back in Tarterus, watching the bodies burn to ash in the furnace, Pearl felt her body humming with the power of the magical energies coursing through her body. She had never felt more ... incredible. 

She wouldn't reveal herself to her sisters, though. Not yet. Not until she had tested herself in battle. Instead, she clad herself in shimmering, golden armor, crafted from the soul-stuff of her unfortunate humans, and soared off into the barren wastes of Tarterus, looking for trouble. 

* * * 

Back in the real world, Kristin was struggling. Frantic, on the verge of suffocating, she managed at last to force Jason's hands from her head. 

Kristin reared her head back, and opened her mouth wide to take a big breath. Instead of air, though, Kristin got a mouthful of jism. 

Although no longer being stimulated, Jason's dick erupted a continuous barrage of semen, and Kristin's face was directly in the line of fire. 

He sprayed continuously, like a firehose, propelling hot streams of fresh jizz onto her. Her face was quickly covered, her hair slimed, semen in her nostrils and ears, dripping off of her torso and sliming down onto the dead woman beneath them. 

Every time Kristin tried to take a breath, she had to gulp down another mouthful of Jason's hot, sticky issue. 

Kristin attempted to plead with him. "Jason!" she said between breaths. "Stop!" Breathe, gulp. "Please!" 

Jason's seminal assault did not abate. If anything, her pleas drove him to produce even greater volumes. 

* * * 

Pearl's return to Earth was heralded by nothing more than a neat, blue-limned rip in the fabric of reality. 

The room was occupied this time. A man and a woman, and they seemed to have the same thing on their minds that Pearl did, albeit with a little less murder on the back end. They humans stared at her, wide-eyed. 

Pearl had learned a fair amount of Earth language by riffling through the minds of her victims, just as she was doing with these two. She decided to try some of it out. 

"Take a hike, you two," Pearl said. "Come on, beat it!" 

The couple, half-naked but compelled, got up from the bed and left the room. Pearl shook her head and got to work. 

On the previous visit, her seekers had shown her a few particularly juicy humans. That trip had paid off well, and she had only drained what were essentially random humans. That established a nice baseline, but as a magister, she liked empirical data. She was trying for a particularly big catch tonight. 

Pearl chalked the room, laid a spell of dread outside the door to discourage any interruptions, and transformed herself into her human guise. It made her feel tight, constrained, and she missed her powerful wings dearly (they were her best asset, after all), but it was necessary if she was going to be out among the humans. 

The previous occupants of the room had left some of their garments behind. Fortuitous, as Pearl had forgotten clothes again. 

Pearl garbed herself in a t-shirt and jeans. There was even a vest, although the leather of which it was constructed must have come from some beast she'd never encountered. Like her human guise, the clothes felt tight on her, but observing herself in the mirrored glass on the wall, she found she liked the look. So much Purleen, compressed into such a tight space, as if she was ready to explode. For the right human, of course. And then he would explode for her. 

Pearl couldn't bring herself to put on the shoes, though. She didn't wanna, and she didn't think her tasty human would care. 

* * * 

Kristin could no longer see. She had shut her eyes, but so much semen had been laved onto her face that it was seeping between her eyelids, bringing forth stinging tears. 

She could feel Jason still rocking his hips against her, aided by a thick layer of his slippery cum. Jason held Kristin in place with his thighs, pinning her between his own furiously pumping body and Pearl's plush but dead form. 

His big hands absently caressed and squeezed Kristin's thoroughly-glazed breasts, while his dick slopped ever more fat streams of jizz onto her. 

With Jason hosing her down with semen, and no longer able to breathe, Kristin finally lost consciousness. 

* * * 

The Golden Warrior laughed as she flew across the battlefield. Her wings cleaved the air, and her sword cleaved the Spines. 

She lanced columns of magical force into their ranks, incinerating dozens instantly. She dove at their commanders, swiftly severing their heads from their necks before they could even comprehend what was happening to them. 
