 [I have a custom when I'm editing a Final Draft. I will purchase a rotisserie chicken from HEB, for my own personal consumption. Since it's a reward, neither the kids nor my spouse get to have any. I will eat my giant chicken, while editing my story, and when I'm finished, submit the story for publication on the site.

This Final Draft required two entire rotisserie chickens.

A big thanks to my readers for your continued support! And please spare a thought in remembrance of the chickens who gave their lives to bring you this work of fiction.]

* * *

Pearl and Kristin stood up in unison. They walked calmly toward Jason's naked, prone, and exhausted form.

"Look, ladies," Jason said. "I know I should probably feed you that line about how there's more than enough of me to go around, but seriously..."

"We need more," Pearl said.

"You said that already," Jason said.

"We need it all," Kristin said.

"You see this mess?" Jason said, glancing around the cum-splattered living room. "I did that shit! Somehow. I'm pretty sure I'm out."

Jason propped himself up on his elbows, the motion taxing his strength to a disturbing amount. He tried scooting himself away from them, but his elbow slipped in a pool of now-cold jism. Gross.

Jason tried again to plead with the women, now standing at his feet.

"Hey, c'mon," Jason said. "We're good, right? And you've even got some extra ... stuff. Let's call it a night, huh?"

"Ready?" Pearl said.

Kristin nodded. With a fluttering of wings and a quick series of steps, she was behind Jason. She sat down cross-legged, and yanked Jason by his armpits until his head was in her lap.

Above him, Pearl stood, gazing down at Jason implacably, looking like a voluptuous colossus. Jason couldn't read the expression on her face, but her eyes had gone pure black, and sparks of electric fire danced wildly around their edges.

Kristin lightly stroked his head, playing with his hair. Even though Jason's hackles were up, he had to admit it felt pretty nice.

"You want her?" Kristin said to Jason. Jason decided against answering. Kristin moved her hands down his neck, over his shoulders, and then down further to caress his chest.

"Don't be coy," Kristin said. "I want her, too. I want to make love to my beautiful sister. I want to punish-fuck my sweet demon bitch. I want to eat her pussy until she's good and creamy, then ram my dick into her so hard she weeps and begs for me to stop."

Pearl shuddered above them. She reached up to clutch her gigantic breasts in her hands, tugging hard on her broad, brick-red areolae.

"Mmm...yes..." Pearl said. "Fuck me hard, sister, and I'll cream for you. And then..."

Pearl's long, black tail wound around her waist once, and then came to rest between her breasts. She pressed her boobs around her tail, so that only the last foot or so was showing. Pearl opened her mouth wide and extended her tongue, mouthing all along the exposed length, slurping and drooling on her own tail like it was a popsicle, all while locking eyes with Kristin.

"Do it to me, sister, do everything," Pearl pleaded. "Shove it in my mouth. Slap my face. Use me hard. Hurt me good and make me beg..."

"No mercy, you delicious bitch," Kristin said. "Oh my sweet, slutty sister," Kristin said, "I'm going shove my dick into places you didn't know you had."

Jason was almost a hundred percent sure that Kristin didn't have a penis. Well, except for the plastic one she had used earlier. On the other hand, there had been a few new developments in the body parts category since all this started, so...

Jason was considering feeling around Kristin's lap with his head, y'know, just your run-of-the-mill dick-check, when Kristin's tail shot out. Before Jason knew it, she had wrapped her own tail around his distressingly still-erect penis.

"Ouch!" Jason said, more out of surprise than pain. It didn't hurt, exactly, but the grip was undeniably firm.

"This is my dick now," Kristin said.

"You're out of your-" Jason said, but Pearl cut him off.

"Look at me, baby," Pearl said. She spread her wings dramatically out behind her. The color of her skin faded from its natural crimson, and into a warmer yellow. As Jason watched, Pearl's flesh became golden.

Kristin moaned, and pushed Jason's head harder into her crotch. "You're glowing, you filthy bitch," she said. Kristin squeezed her moist thighs around Jason's head, squirming in anticipation.

"Don't you wanna fuck me?" Pearl teased, in a pouty innocent tone.

"Yesssss," Kristin hissed. "Fuck you..."

Kristin stroked the coils of her tail along Jason's dick, up and down, up and down. Her tail was warm, and very agile, relentlessly exciting him along every inch of his length.

"Give it to me, sister," Pearl breathed. She knelt onto Jason, trapping his legs between her golden thighs. Still kneading her breasts with her hands, Pearl's tail darted out toward Kristin. It wrapped gently around Kristin's neck, and Pearl stroked Kristin's face with the tip.

In response, Kristin used her tail to repeatedly smack Pearl's mons pubis, while continuing to jack him off. The sound, and the exquisite sensations, were driving Jason crazy.

"...ooohmm, you're bangin' it, baby..." Pearl moaned. "...bangin' it hard..."

"Does it hurt, slut?" Kristin said.

"'s hurty..." Pearl said, mewling out the words, "stop..."

"Make me," was Kristin's harsh response.

Jason saw Pearl's tail go taut. She was tightening her grip around Kristin's neck. Kristin's hands left his head, trying to pry the tail free.

At the same time, though, Kristin upped the frequency of her graceless thumping, relentlessly beating Jason's dick against Pearl's increasingly wet pussy.

"Meanie!" Pearl said. "Make her stop, Jason!"

"Wha...?" Jason said.

"Cum for me, baby," Pearl said. "I need it..."

"Don't...do it..." Kristin said, choking out the words. "...you'll...die..."

Jason flashed back to Pearl's memories. Trevor and Ian. All those other men. They'd cum for Pearl, cum themselves to death. Spent the last of their life force to feed her hunger. And they'd done it gladly.

Jason felt ... something ... inside of him gathering, building up. It felt like the moment before orgasm, but different. It wasn't just cum, it was also the core of himself. The sum totality of his being, gathered into one hard part. He could hold onto it if he tried, but...

"Show me how you treat a Lady," Pearl said.

Pearl reared up, putting herself on glorious display for Jason. Her broad black wings. Her golden body, moist with sweat. Her wet pussy, so close to his pounding dick, inviting him, daring him to plunge himself inside. Her luscious mass of black curly hair tossing about, the vigorous bouncing of her full locks matched only by the tremendous jouncing of Pearl's colossal breasts, dwarfing her grasping hands.

Even against the certainty of death, and the awful gasping, choking noises coming from Kristin, Jason wanted to nut harder than ever before.

"Do it... for me... baby?" Pearl panted. "Get yummy... all over... your pretty Pearl..."

Oh god, Jason thought, I'm gonna come.

But it was Kristin who choked out, "...god...gonna...come."

Simultaneously, both Jason and Kristin, grit their teeth, grunted, and came. Kristin's breath caught, and her thighs shook violently.

Jason felt molten lava, the sum total of what remained of his soul-stuff, race through his body. It traveled down his spine, gathered in his loins, swelled his dick, and burst out in a massive ejaculatory jet. Sticky white jism blasted out of him, yearning to splatter onto his horny, golden demon lover.

-

"Hmm," Kristin said, "that's weird."

Jason was suddenly standing, and Kristin was standing next to him with her arms folded. They were both naked, and Kristin body was back to normal, without any demon-y additions.

Before them was the scene from a second ago, only now they were outside, looking on. That is to say, Kristin was jerking Jason off with her tail, and Jason had just begun to blast his load. At first Jason thought everything was frozen, but a second later it became clear, by the minute changes in positions, that time had seemingly slowed to a crawl.

"There's a lot of weird here," Jason said. "Care to elaborate?"

"Look at me," Kristin said. She walked over to stand behind where her physical body knelt, positioning herself between her wings.

"Pearl's choking me with her tail," Kristin said, "and it looks like I'm really enjoying it."

Kristin did have a look of strained ecstasy on her face. "I know I can get a little crazy when we get into it," she said, "but I didn't think that was a thing for me."

"Wings, tails, energy swords, all that's okay," Jason said, "but finding out that you like your sex with a side order of strangulation, that's what makes you go 'hmm'?"

The standing Kristin shrugged. "Just kind of weird, is all," she said.

"That might be me," Pearl said. Unlike Jason and Kristin, she had no double. She turned her head to face Jason. "Sometimes you wrap your hands around my throat and squeeze so hard I can't breathe ... I don't know why honey, but that really makes me go all gushy."

"I guess that does make some sense," Kristin said. "From what I've been able to pick up, you folks are pretty tough, right?"

"True," Pearl said.

"But you're terrified of decapitation, since that kills you straight away," Kristin said. "That threat, even in symbolic form, makes it exciting. Sex plus danger equals pleasure."

"That's very insightful," Pearl said. "You're very smart."

"It's just a theory," the standing Kristin said, "but thanks."

They stood for a few seconds in silence, watching the scene unfolding before them. And it was unfolding, only in ultra-slow motion. The three bodies writhed very slowly, and Jason's cumshot moved only millimeters during the seconds that ticked past.

"Okay, since y'all aren't freaking out, I'll have a go at it," Jason said. "Exactly what the fuck is happening right now?"

"I think this is a near-death experience," Kristin said. "You and I are in the process of dying. Right now."

"Oh," Jason said. "Doesn't that bother you?"

"A little," Kristin said. "Not that much. What about you?"

Jason was about to blurt out an emphatic "Yes!", until he realized that, strangely, he felt kind of "meh" about it himself.

"I guess not," Jason said. "I guess I should feel surprised or anxious or something, but y'know, I think I kinda expected something like this to happen."

"You expected this?" Kristin said, gesturing at the scene before them.

"Well, not exactly this," Jason admitted. "But I can't pretend I didn't see something like this coming."

"Well, we can all see it coming now," Kristin said, with a glance down at Jason's slo-mo ejaculation.

"Har har," Jason said. "Still, I'd rather not die."

"Well, that's the tricky part, isn't it?" Pearl said.

"I'm not sure how to not die," Kristin said. "I don't even know how we're all doing this together. I always pictured this kind of thing as a solo event."

"Me again," Pearl offered. "Jason and I have this connection going on. In our heads."

Kristin "tsk"ed at Jason. "You naughty boy," she said. "Graduated from peeking at women's boobs to peeking into their brains?"

"It wasn't on purpose, I swear!" Jason said. "Things just ... happened."

"And after tonight," Pearl continued, "you got looped into it too, Kristin."

"Great," Jason said. "I'm dying, and having an out-of-body experience. But since we all have this mental thing going on, we're all doing it."

Kristin shrugged. "Psychology's not really my area of expertise." She looked carefully at her wings. "They're really beautiful! I love the way the colors play over them."

"Hey, focus!" Jason said. "The topic at hand is not dying."

"I think it's inevitable," Kristin said. "I have to admit, I'm kind of curious. I wonder what it's going to feel like?"

"This can't be it," Jason said. "There's gotta be some way to stop this."

"Sorry, sweetie," Pearl said. "I think you've finally hit your limit. You've expended way more than your fair share of your life essence. And without that, duh, no life."

"And you're taking me with you," Kristin said, "or else Pearl's gonna snap my neck with her tail."

"I'll probably make it," Pearl said. "But I'll be really sad. By the Three, I didn't intend for this to happen. I'm really sorry, guys."

"Don't be, sister," Kristin said. "This was a once-in-a-lifetime experience, wouldn't you say, Jason?"

"Oh yeah, sure," Jason said. "To die for."

Jason looked around the room. It was a godawful mess. Broken pieces of furniture strewn all about the room. Lamps upended and broken. The entertainment center was toast, and though he couldn't see them he was pretty sure the TV and game console were trashed. If not from the fall, then undoubtedly from the layers of cum he'd sprayed all over everything.

"At least I won't have to clean this shit up," Jason said. "Telly's gonna flip, though."

"Mmmm, it's almost time, baby," Pearl said. "Goodness, that's quite a load from someone who said he was all out."

Pearl stared right at the slowly-encroaching cumshot as it arced up toward her face.

"There's more on the way, too," Kristin said. "I can feel the throbbing in my tail; he's getting ready to pump another one out."

"Good lord," Jason said. "There's gotta be something wrong with me. Something medical. I should probably be worried."

"Don't be, honey," Kristin said. "You always did come a lot. I appreciated your enthusiasm."

"Me too!" Pearl said. "You make such a big, sloppy mess all over my boobies."

"Hey, thanks," Jason said, suddenly bashful. "I love the way you look covered in my cum."

Simultaneously, both women said, "Awww!", then "Jinx!" They all laughed.

"Y'know, dying sucks," Jason said, "but I think hosing you ladies down with hot jizz is what I'm gonna miss the most."

"Same," Kristin said, and Pearl nodded.

"And I really love your giant boobs, Pearl," Kristin said. "I mean, I've never gone for the ladies, but your boobs ... they're so big."

Pearl smiled, a little wanly. "I know," she said. "Bigger than all my other sisters. Bigger even than Granny. That was another reason they called me a freak."

"You are a freak, Pearl," Jason said, "in so many ways. But that's why I love you."

"Really?" Pearl said.

"Really!" Jason said. "How many times do I have to tell you?"

"Tell me all the times," Pearl said. "Tell me every way you can."

"Man," Jason said, "what I really want is to tell you with those big, sexy boobs squeezed around my dick."

Kristin chuckled. "Some things never change," she said.

Pearl smiled. "Mmm...I want that too, baby," she said. "But I don't think you're gonna get the chance. I think it's time."

Time. Time started to speed up. Pearl's breasts began to ripple, slowly, hypnotically, and Jason's cumshot impacted the underside of one boob. It hit with sufficient force the make a dent in the soft flesh, and that dent undulated upward in a slow wave.

Kristin jerked her tail, and another fat jet of cum did the same thing to Pearl's other boob. Another jet spurted right up between her boobs, slow-motion splattering against her chin, and was then joined by another blast that fell in a sloppy mess onto the upper slopes of Pearl's bouncing, billowing breast-flesh.

"God, look at that mess," Kristin breathed. "You're really giving those tits a good blasting. I wanna lick those big fuckers clean."

"Mmmm...that'd be nice," Pearl said. "Whaddya think, Jason? All lubed up with hot, juicy cum. Waiting for you to slide your hard dick in between and fuck 'em real good?"

Jason could see time speeding up, could feel his dream body being pulled back into his real one. He knew that when that happened, it was game over.

"Don't you want it, baby?" Pearl said.

"Oh, he wants it," Kristin said. "The real question is," and now she addressed Jason directly, "how bad do you want it?"

The feeling of being drawn into his body was getting more intense. Jason found his vision divided between his dream self and his real body.

"I want it," Jason said.

"What's that?" Pearl said.

"I want it!" Jason said.

"Can't hear you," Kristin said.

"I WANT IT!" Jason yelled.

"What do you want?" Kristin said.

"I want to squeeze your huge tits around my dick, Pearl," Jason said. "Give your big fat demon breasts the hard fucking they were made for!"

"You mean these...?" Pearl said. She grabbed her breasts in her hands and gave them each a couple of bounces. "Big...fat...demon...breasts...?"

Jason was now fully back in his body, laying underneath Pearl with his head in Kristin's lap. He could hear Kristin struggling to breathe above him, but her hips were still quaking orgasmically. His face was covered in sweat, and his hair was wet with Kristin's pungent pussy juices. But Jason's eyes were fixated on Pearl's enticing titty show.

"They're so messy," Pearl said. "You got cum all over 'em, baby. All slippery and ready for a good juicy fucking. Sure that's what you want?"

Jason felt empty, like there was nothing left to him. Barely more than a shell, an empty body. Still, there was a something left. Tiny, but vital. He held onto it.

"yes," Jason croaked. His dick had stopped spurting, but Kristin still jerked her tail around it. "yes," he repeated, "wanna ... pound ... pretty Pearl's ... big boobies..."

Jason heard Kristin gasp, and then saw Pearl's tail jerk even tighter.

"You hear that, dear sister?" Pearl said. "Say it again, Jason."

"gonna fuck ... your giant juggs ..." Jason said. "cum ... all over ... those fat bitches..."

Kristin gave a strained chuckle. She was fading fast, as Pearl choked her out.

"Looks like ... we got ourselves ... a hero..." Kristin gasped.

Kristin gave up on trying to unwrap Pearl's tail from her throat, and instead reached forward. She planted her hands on Pearl's slippery boobs, and then, with the last of her strength, dug her fingers deep into the tender golden flesh.

"Tits..." Kristin breathed, "so fucking big..." and then she let out a long, airy sigh.

"I'm sorry, sister," Pearl said. "But she's right, Jason. Tits. Fucking. Big. Feel what you're giving up."

Pearl removed Kristin's now-slack tail from around Jason's cock. Then, with Kristin's stiff hands still pressing Pearl's breasts together, she slid down, trapping Jason's dick in her cavernous cleavage.

"If you really love me, you won't leave me," Pearl said. "And if you really love fucking my big, beautiful boobies, then do it, baby. Fuck 'em nice and hard. Work 'em real good. Make them bounce and jiggle. Get more hot, gooey cum all over 'em."

Pearl shimmied her shoulders, and Jason's dick slid deliciously in her vast, slippery titty canyon.

"Can you do it, Jason? For me?" Pearl said. "Can you be my hero?"

Well, shit, when you put it like that, Jason thought.

Jason concentrated, holding onto that last bit of himself. He felt that last hard nugget of self, almost as it was moving inside of him. It started in his brain, traveled down his chest, and then to his groin. He felt it travel to his penis, and then felt his cock stiffen anew.

"yes..." Jason said. "I'm your hero."

His cock expanded, thickening, pressing back against Pearl's warm titflesh. Feeling a surge of energy, he thrust upward with his hips, and was rewarded with a heavenly bouncing of Pearl's breasts against his thighs.

"Fuck!" Jason said. "I want more of that."

"It's yours, baby," Pearl said. "Take it!"

Jason felt something inside him break. Not something physical, but the sensation was similar. It was as if there had been a dam inside him holding something back. Now the walls of that dam had taken so much abuse that they had finally cracked, and now he felt them crumble.
