 "Excellent," Pearl said. 

She moved away from him to stand by the edge of the bed. "Let's begin, shall we?" she said. 

Pearl unbuttoned her vest, starting with the top buttons. The upper slopes of her breasts, exposed by the V of the t-shirt underneath, pressed together to form deep cleavage, which jiggled maddeningly with the popping of each button. Jason was mesmerized. 

She shrugged the vest free from her shoulders. The motion caused the white tee to stretch to the limit under the pressure of her magnificently full bosom. 

Jason caught his breath. Pearl's breasts were much bigger than Kristin's, larger even than the anonymous titty-fucking stoner's. If he ever got his cock between those succulent melons he doubted he's last more than a minute before blasting hot cum all over them. 

"Do you like what you see?" Pearl asked. 

Jason nodded dumbly. His head was swimming and his thoughts felt foggy, but he certainly did like what he was seeing. 

Helplessly, Jason watched as Pearl crawled onto the bed, on all fours, turning in a slow circle like a cat, until she faced Jason. She wore nothing now except her white t-shirt and her curve-hugging jeans. Her ass cheeks flexed seductively, and her breasts jiggled and bounced, deliciously free under the t-shirt. Dark waves of hair framed her face as she spoke to Jason, staring directly into his eyes. 

"Come to me," she said. 

Though she spoke softly, there was compulsion in her voice. Somehow, Jason's jeans were off, and he was approaching the bed. Jason's stiff cock seemed to be leading the way. His body was no longer his own, and, caught in the power of this temptress, he felt like a passenger in his own body. 

"Yes," Pearl encouraged. "Come to me. That's it..." 

Jason stood at the edge of the bed, still wearing his t-shirt and socks, but only the thin fabric of his boxer briefs separated his erect and throbbing cock from Pearl's face. 

Pearl leaned slowly into his groin, to rub her face against his bulge. With his turgid cock he could feel her warmth again, her more-than body heat, could feel her hunger, the wanting in her, as she inhaled deeply of his scent. 

"Mmmmyesss," Pearl said. "This will do. So ripe you are...so ready..." 

She reached for his waistband with one hand, and, almost gingerly, pulled his underwear down to expose his engorged member. 

Fully erect and heavy, his dick bounced once before coming to rest, pointed directly at her mouth. Her full, pink lips were only an inch away, ready to engulf his all-too-willing member. Pearl's lips curled into a wicked smile. 

"Let me delight you," she purred. 

She parted her lips and leaned, mouth first, into Jason. She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and slowly took him in, inch by inch, until Jason's cock was inserted fully into her mouth. Her nose came to rest buried in his pubic hair. Then... 

Then...nothing. 

Jason waited for her to do something. But Pearl remained motionless, with his cock in her mouth. 

"Okay..." Jason said. "Is that it?" 

Pearl looked up at him, arching her eyebrows. She tried to say something then, but since her mouth was full, it came out as a series of grunts. Jason gave a not-understanding shrug. 

She backed away, releasing Jason's cock from her mouth. 

"Now you expel your seed," she said, and then, without ceremony, gobbled his cock to the hilt again, and resumed being utterly still. 

Jason was puzzled. After all the buildup he had expected something a little more...vigorous. 

Jason waited a few seconds, expectantly, for Pearl to do something else. When she didn't, he tried pumping his hips, tentatively, to see if maybe she would get into it and join him in the activity. No dice. She was just like a statue, albeit one that occasionally glanced up at him impatiently. 

Jason's matched her impatience with bewilderment. Her mouth felt good, wet and warm, and she seemed to want this as much as he did. But there was just...nothing. 

Pearl unswallowed his cock again. "Is there a problem?" she asked. "Is this not something you fantasize about?" 

"Well, sure," Jason began, "Kinda. But I mean, you can't just...hang out there. You gotta show some interest." 

"I am interested," Pearl insisted. "I am quite interested in devouring your male essence." 

"Well, you're not going to get it like that," Jason said. 

"Nonsense," Pearl said. "My research was clear: this is a proven method to make men ejaculate." 

"Research?" Jason said. "What, like blowjob research?" 

"Of course," Pearl said. "I perused your memories during the summoning. You can't deny that you don't like this, I saw it quite clearly in your mind." 

Jason was puzzled. Summoning? Mind stuff? "Are you saying that you're the one who - " 

Pearl rolled her eyes in exasperation. "Yes, yes...It was a simple enough suite of spells. Now if you don't mind," she said, and then, quite un-sexily, swallowed his cock again. 

Wow, Jason thought. He'd had less-than-exciting blowjobs before, but this was dismal. He actually felt a little bit embarrassed for Pearl. Had she never done this before? 

After a minute more of inaction, Jason felt his hard-on subsiding. As his dick softened in her mouth, he felt the thought-fogginess in his mind dissipating. 

With that, his mind began to clear, and recent events replayed in his head. His arrival here, accompanied by the vivid reverie of Kristin. Pearl's strange control over him and his willingness to do as she said. The talk about spells and summonings. It all added up to major weirdness. 

"O-kay," Jason said, backing away, pulling his cock out of Pearl's mouth. "You're a hoot and all, but I don't think this is gonna work out. Maybe I should just go..." 

Pearl stared at him, uncomprehendingly. "You can't," she protested. "I haven't yet received my semen." 

"Look, you're a great gal," Jason said, "And some day I'm sure you'll get all the semen you want." Looking around, he spied his jeans and shoes and bent to pick them up. 

Pearl muttered behind him, seemingly to herself. "Strange," she said, frowning. "There shouldn't be this much resistance. Could I have gotten the incantation wrong...?" 

"Yeah, look," Jason said. "I've had just about enough crazy for one night, so I'm just gonna," he made a whistling sound and nodded at the door, pulling on his pants. 

"Fine," Pearl said, with an air of resignation. She hopped off the bed, and Jason watched her breasts bounce under her shirt. She picked her vest up off the floor and fished around for something inside one of the zippered pockets. 

"I didn't want to have to resort to something so crass, but it's within the rules, so..." Pearl pulled something gold out of the vest pocket and held it out for Jason to see. 

"Here," Pearl said. "One gold diabolus." 

This got Jason's attention. He leaned in to look more closely at the object. It appeared to be a big gold coin, as thick as his thumb was wide. On the face he could see there was an embossed profile of a woman whom he didn't recognize, but didn't look entirely unlike Pearl. Angular, un-English characters were inscribed along the outer edge. 

"Is that real gold?" Jason said, reaching for the coin. 

Pearl snatched it away. "Uh-uh-uh," she said. "Payment. Yours, but only after you give me what I want." 

She set the coin on the nightstand safely out of Jason's reach. Jason looked longingly, from the coin, to Pearl, and back to the coin. 

Crazy chick or not, a hunk of gold like that could solve a lot of money problems. And while it would mean that he was technically prostituting himself, he had to admit that he'd fucked less-hot, less-crazy girls than Pearl, and for nothing more than the thrill of getting his rocks off. 

"Do we have a deal?" Pearl prompted. 

"Okay," Jason said at last. "Yeah, fine. I'll give you what you want." He pulled his pants off again, and found that his cock had stiffened anew. Apparently the idea of illicit sex trade appealed to the slutty part of his nature. 

Pearl's face brightened, and she smiled widely. "I knew we could come to an accord!" She reached for his face, and Jason abruptly felt a sharp pain on his cheek. 

"Ow!" he yelped. "Did you - " 

Pearl put her pinky nail in her mouth and licked it. "It's nothing," she said. "Don't worry about it. Now..." 

She bounced to sit on the bed and motioned for Jason to stand in front of her. 

"So," Jason said. "Do you want me to jerk off on you or...?" 

Pearl shook her head. "No," she said. "I must be the one who brings your climax. My flesh against yours, or it won't work." 

"Then we're might have some problems," Jason said. He didn't know what was supposed to "work", but from previous experience... 

"What do you mean?" Pearl said, suspiciously. 

"No offense," said Jason, "but your technique sucks. And not in the good way." 

"My technique is irrelevant," Pearl protested. "Humans cannot resist the touch of our flesh. If there's any problem, it lies with you." 

"Case in point," Jason said. "Insulting my virility. Great start." 

"Very well," Pearl said. "What would you have me do?" 

"I can't just come, y'know," Jason said. "You have to build up to it. Tease me. Excite me. Surprise me a little." 

"And how do I do that?" Pearl said, with an interested sparkle in her eyes. Those eyes of hers were quite lovely. 

"Use your hand," Jason said. "Cup my balls." 

"Like this?" Pearl said. She embraced his scrotum through his boxers with her palm. 

"Yes," Jason said. "Massage them. Gently. I want to feel your fingers, but not painfully. Yes...that's good..." 

Pearl caressed Jason's nutsack with deliberate care. Her hand was warm, and the feeling was heavenly. His cock twitched excitedly. 

"Very nice," Pearl said. "So full. I'd wager there is much semen in here." 

"Hmmm," Jason said. "Your dirty talk could use some work..." 

Pearl looked up into Jason's eyes, and he noticed a change. Where once they had been a rich coffee-brown, now they were completely black. The sparkle was there still, but now they literally sparkled. Tiny yellow flames darted across the surface. He found he couldn't look away. 

"Tell me about 'dirty talk'" Pearl said. 

Jason found himself compelled to answer. "You have to say really nice things," he said, adding, "or really filthy things." 

"Example," Pearl said. 

Jason was captivated. She's so beautiful, he thought, but so naive. I should really help her out. 

"Tell me how big my balls are," he said. "How good they feel in your hand. How you want to rub your face with them." 

Pearl massaged his scrotum and pondered his advice for a bit. "Such big balls," she said. "They feel so good in my hand. I want you to rub - " 

"You've got to improvise, dear," Jason said, thinking, "Silly Pearl." 

"I see," Pearl said. She concentrated, and the flames danced in her eyes for a few moments. 

Jason felt as if there were pages turning in his head. Only instead of printed words on those pages, images were being rifled through. Screencaps of pornos he'd seen...remembrances of sex he'd had with other women...dirty things he had done with Kristin. Come to think of it, the feeling was familiar...similar to the feeling he'd had walking through the 'hood, when he'd been reliving his sexcapde with Kristin... 

Pearl began to speak in a slow, husky voice. "Oh my god, baby, these balls are so big. Are they full of cum, baby? I wanna squeeze it all out of you. Stuff these balls in my mouth and gobble them up. Slobber them up nice and slick and let you bounce these big fucking balls on my cheeks." 

Jason's cock jerked to renewed attention. Shit, where had that come from!? He grunted involuntarily, but was still unable to break from Pearl's gaze. 

"Excellent," Pearl said. Then in her compelling voice, she said, "More". 

"Pull down my shorts," Jason said dreamily. "Let that fucker out." 

Pearl hooked her fingers into his waistband, but Jason said, "Uh-uh. Use your teeth." 

Pearl, eyes still locked with Jason's, looked at him with a sly smile, and then complied. He saw her bite the edge of his waistband, felt the nip of her lips and teeth on his abdomen. Her warm breath licked his flesh as she pulled his boxers down slowly, freeing his boner again. 

"Oh, that's nice, baby. Jerk my dick with your hand," he said. "Stroke it up and down. Firm, but not too tight." 

Pearl got the idea. She encircled his cock with one hand, stroking him steadily from root to head, and kept her other hand working his nutsack. 

"Oh, you're getting so big, baby," Pearl said, her eyes locked with his again. Black and sparking and irresistible. 

"Your cock feels so good in my hand, baby" Pearl said. "Such a big fuck-stick to play with. You like the way I stroke you, huh? Do you like how I jerk your big cock?" 

"Yes," Jason breathed. "That's really good. You started off lousy, but...wow." 

Pearl giggled. "Granny always said I was a quick study, even if I did lack discipline." she said. 

That was a weird thing to say, but she was stroking his cock so well, he let it pass. Really, how had she gotten good this...? 

Because he'd told her. He'd told her exactly what he liked, and she was using that knowledge to build him up. Something about her eyes... 

He was confused and didn't know thoughts were his own. If only he could look away from her eyes... 

"Use your mouth," he said. "Your mouth and your hands." 

"Everything, baby?" Pearl said, nuzzling Jason's cock against her cheek. "You want it all?" 

"Yes," Jason hissed. "Put the head in your mouth. Jerk my shaft you while you squeeze my balls." 

"Interesting," Pearl said. She lowered her eyes to wrap her lips around his cock head. 

Victory! Jason thought. She no longer held him with her eyes! Now he had a chance to shake off - 

Holy shit, that felt incredible. 

Pearl had taken all his advice to heart. She had found just the right way to squeeze his balls, and jerked his cock with long, firm strokes that drove him crazy. Pink lips gently sucked at him, and, once inside her mouth, Pearl's tongue teased his sensitive cock head. 

Jason was lost in her. He had traded the verbal compulsions brought on by Pearl's hypnotic gaze for the ministrations of her hands and mouth. And like any obedient, lust-filled male, he felt himself building up to a powerful runaway orgasm. 

Shit, he thought, but nonetheless found himself helpless in her clutch. 

Sometimes the top half of his dick was in Pearl's mouth, and she licked her tongue around his mast, moaning appreciatively. When she popped his dick out to better stroke it, Pearl said such wonderful, nasty things. 

"You like your big dick in my mouth? You could hurt a girl with this big thing, you know. A cock like this could really choke a bitch. Want to see?" 

She put both hands on his ball sack to fondle and squeeze his nuts, and began to bob on Jason's cock. Slowly at first, but increasing in intensity with each repetition. 

Whatever research this girl had done, Jason wished other girls would start taking notes. She had been a slow starter but now she was really fucking - 

She's in your head, you idiot! he tried to remind himself. But he was enraptured by Pearl's head work. 

"That's it..." Pearl said. "I'm going to jerk your big dick just like this, until you can't help but spooge all over me. Does that sound good, baby? Think about how good you'll feel, pumping all that yummy spunk onto me..." 

"Oh god," Jason said. He could feel himself giving in, feel his scrotum tightening, feel the oncoming orgasm. He would blow his load any second now, and Pearl would get what she wanted. 

"You want to come so bad," Pearl said. "I can feel it, you know." She stroked his rampantly hard dick all over her face. "You want to explode...pump loads of your hot jizz onto my face, splatter me with all that man juice. Go all the way for me, baby...you're so close..." 

She was right. Jason was close to unloading on her. He imagined how hot she'd look with her pixie-face coated with his spunk. Forehead all splattered and gooey, those perfect, kissable cheeks shiny with his spooge, earrings made of glistening jism, creamy white cum painting her pink lips, her tongue emerging to lick those lips clean and slurp his hot juices, except for one drop that slowly makes its way down to her chin and, after a breathtaking second, drops down to splash onto the upper slope of one full, quivering breast mound... 

Jason began leaking pre-cum, and Pearl lapped it up eagerly. "Oh, baby, you taste so good! I'd heard the stories of man-cum..." 

Pearl jerked his cock into her mouth with increasing urgency, using faster strokes she pumped her hand along his shaft, her rapid tongue action rough and delicate on his glans. Just the way she was working his balls was enough to make a man blow his load, but her fervor had his full attention now. 

"Delicious..." Lick, lick. 

"Powerful..." Lick, lick. 

"Soul essence..." 

Soul essence? 

Taking Jason's cock out of her mouth, she purred, "Come on, baby...spurt that ooey-gooey jizz for me. Come for me...a deep soul-come...give me your soul...I need it so bad, baby...I know you want to give it to me..." 

Jason felt himself about to come. Not just his cock, and not just a body rocking orgasm. Crazy as it sounded, it felt like his spirit was about to ejaculate. And Pearl was right: almost every fiber of his being wanted to. 

Except for a small, persistent voice in his head that was telling him that this was wrong wrong wrong! 

Somehow, that small voice won out. At the last possible second before he reached the point of no return, Jason stepped back, tripping and falling on his ass, freeing his cock from Pearl's grip. 

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!" Jason said. "I don't know what this is, or what's happening here, but this is fucked up!" 

"Aww, baby," Pearl said in a sweet baby-girl voice, "Don't be like that. You're ready to...pop." 

She hit the last word hard, making it echo in Jason's ears. "Let me jerk that big fucker off for you. Here's your target..." 

She leaned back on her hands, displaying her upper body for him. Such dangerously seductive curves, her ample cleavage quivering, and her delicate, flawless throat, all waiting for a copious coating of cum, while staring at him with those black and sparking eyes. 

But the eyes weren't working on him anymore. Maybe the terror he had felt had something to do with it. 

Jason launched himself at the room door, deciding that whatever embarrassing consequences might arise from running pantsless across the parking lot of the Super 8 would be worth it to avoid whatever Pearl had planned for him. 

He reached out to grab the door handle and missed. 

Missed? WTF? 

He tried again, and missed again even harder. 

It wasn't so much that he was missing the handle, but rather that something was stopping his from reaching it. Something soft, but unyielding. Something invisible. 

Pearl was still sitting on the bed, talking to herself, having seemingly forgotten Jason for the moment. 

"I don't understand. I researched this. I used all the right spells. The scrying led me to him. Humans are supposed to be easy..." 

Jason, meanwhile, gave up on the door handle. He leaned into the invisible barrier, trying to push past it, and found that he couldn't. He threw himself at the barrier, and bounced off ineffectively. 

Pearl stood up and stamped her foot. "It's not fair!" she yelped. "I should be drenched in semen by now! Drenched in semen and taking the body - " 

Jason's froze. He turned around and saw that Pearl had her hand over her mouth. 

"What?!" Jason said. He really didn't like being referred to as 'the body'. 
