  (This story takes place immediately after Drummer Boy – The Call.)



A few minutes after leaving the Motel 6, Jason was inside the Waffle House. It was one of those combo restaurant / truck stops with the restaurant on one side, convenience store on the other, and the restrooms (including rent-a-showers for the truckers) in the middle.

Jason got a table on the restaurant side and ordered a sausage and pancake breakfast. It was closer to lunchtime than breakfast, but whatever. He needed the protein. Or the carbs. Hell, he didn't know which was which. Health stuff was Kristin's bag, not his, but he knew he needed something substantial.

After he gave his order to the waiter, Jason ducked into the bathroom to wash up a bit. A shower was out of the question, but he could at least get the dried cum off his face. And elsewhere. He spent a few frenzied minutes taking care of business, hoping he washed away everything obvious, and headed back to the restaurant.

When he returned, Kristin was sitting at his table, fiddling with her phone. Jason slid into the seat across the table from her and said, "Hey."

"Hey back at you," Kristin said. She put her phone away and met his gaze.

"How'd you know where I was sitting?" he asked.

"Easy," Kristin said. "I just asked about a guilty-looking guy with great forearms." She narrowed her eyes at him. "Looks like you fit the bill."

Jason grinned sheepishly. He was definitely rumpled, that much he knew from his reflection in the bathroom mirror, but apparently he'd failed the "looking guilty" test.

Kristin looked as gorgeous as ever. She was dressed in her running clothes, ready for her afternoon run, although she hadn't gone yet. She wore a white tank top, under which he could see the outline of a sea green jogging bra. The bra flattened her breasts considerably, but there was no denying the stunning pair she sported underneath.

He'd caught a glimpse of her black running shorts as he sat down and got a thrill from seeing her long, toned legs crossed under the table.

Oddly, she was wearing makeup. Not a lot, but the fact that she had applied smoky brown eyeshadow, peach lip gloss and just a hint of blush made him wonder if she really intended to go running.

The total effect of this had Jason mesmerized. He couldn't help but stare into her icy blues. He wanted to skip the talking and just kiss her lips, let his hands play along her body, dallying where they may...

"Wake up, drummer boy," Kristin snapped.

"Sorry," Jason said. "I'm a little out of it."

"And why is that?" Kristin said coolly.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," he said.

"Why don't you give it your best shot," Kristin said.

Jason knew he had to tread carefully, here. 'Open and honest' was one thing, but this was gonna be a hard sell. Still, he had to talk to someone about it; might as well be Kristin.

"So, last night," he began, "after the show, after that bullshit with Percy... there was this girl."

"Of course there was," Kristin said, not bothering to hide the disdain in her voice.

"And well, yeah, we had sex," Jason said.

"Shocker," said Kristin. She put the straw of her water glass to her lips. She drew a long drink from it and said, "Anything else?"

"Well... yeah, kinda," Jason said.

"Okay, then," Kristin prompted. "Out with it."

"Look..." Jason said, "you're not gonna freak out if I tell you some stuff, are you?"

Kristin put her glass down on the table, a little too heavily, it seemed to Jason.

"If you're planning on giving me a play-by-play of what went down," Kristin said, "don't bother. Just be honest. That's the rule."

"You bet," Jason said. "It's just that... this chick was really freaky."

"I said I don't want details– "

"I don't mean like freaky sexy," Jason said. "I mean freaky scary."

"Dear god," Kristin said. "You didn't hook up with some meth head, did you? 'Cause that's a deal-breaker. I'm not risking a cooch full of STDs for you."

"Hey, give me some fucking credit. I have standards," Jason said. "No, I think this chick was some sort of witch... or something."

Kristin's arched her eyebrows in suspicion. "Really?" she said. "Like some mother earth, twigs and bark-eating, hairy armpits granola gal?"

"No no, not like that," Jason said. "I mean like a real witch."

"And why do you say that?" Kristin said.

"She was doing... I don't know how else to put it... magic stuff," Jason said, "and it was totally working."

"Riiiight," Kristin said. "Like that trick where a skank pulls a hard-on out of the lucky volunteer's pants. Fall for that one every time, don't you?"

"Hey," Jason said, "I thought that this... thing... we've got going on only works if we're honest, right? So I'm telling you."

Kristin stared silently for a moment after he finished speaking, contemplating, and then said, "Okay. A witch, you say."

"Yeah," said Jason. "Or a demon, or something. I didn't want to fuck with her, but... there was this chalk circle, right? Well, not a circle really, it was more like an outline."

"And that's important because...?" Kristin said.

"I couldn't get out of the room!" Jason said. "I couldn't even reach the door! And... she was really strong. Like, she could pick me up one-handed."

"Butch gals," Kristin mused, "that's a new thing for you."

"But she wasn't, though," Jason said. "She was built like average." Except for her mind-bogglingly large breasts, he thought, with a mixture of awe and terror and not a little bit of shame...but he figured he was on thin ice already, and poking that nerve right now would be a bad idea.

"So then what?" Kristin said. "You just had to fuck this bitch, right?"

"It was totally against my will!" Jason blurted. "I didn't want to, see? But I was trapped, overpowered, and she kept using these spells on me..."

Kristin held up a hand. "Whoa," she said. "Spells? Isn't that a little much, Jason?"

"I swear," Jason said. "I didn't believe it myself at first. But something..." he glanced side to side and lowered his volume, "something supernatural happened."

Kristin cocked her head, and furrowed her brow. The mild creases in her forehead this produced only highlighted how flawless her skin was. Jason had the totally unreasonable urge to lick her face.

"When you said 'demon'," Kristin said, "I thought you meant some crazy bitch who couldn't say no. Are you trying to say you fucked an actual demon?"

Jason nodded a couple hundred times. "Red skin, wings and everything," he said.

"I thought you said she looked normal?" Kristin said.

"She did at first," Jason said, "but then she changed."

"And she forced you to have sex with her," Kristin said.

"I know it's hard to believe," Jason said. "But that's what happened."

"Uh-huh," Kristin said.

A few seconds passed in silence, and then the waiter arrived with their food. Kristin had ordered a Cobb salad, hold the pork and chicken. She ate a few bites, and chewed thoughtfully, not looking at Jason.

After a minute, Kristin said, "You should eat. Aren't you hungry?"

Jason was hungry, but at the same time he didn't feel like eating. He was unnerved at how calm Kristin was acting, waiting for the explosion. He poured some syrup on his pancakes and sausage, and ate a few tentative bites.

"You know," Kristin said, "I shouldn't be surprised. A funny thing happened at the hospital last night."

"Oh really?" Jason said.

"Yeah," Kristin said. "EMTs brought a guy in right around midnight. DOA. Thought he was an overdose. Dr. Williams pronounced him and everything. Then, right at the stroke of twelve, he opened his eyes. Real wide, like he was staring through the ceiling."

Jason's eyes went wide with surprise. "No shit?" he said.

"Yup," Kristin said, "And then, he opened his mouth, like he was gonna scream. But instead of sound, bats flew out of his mouth."

"Holee crap. Maybe it's connected," Jason said, intrigued. "What did you do?"

"We didn't have to do anything," Kristin said. "There were bats flying all over the place, but as soon as they landed somewhere, they turned into cupcakes. Then Hello Kitty showed up and a disco ball dropped out of the OR ceiling. We ended up having a great big cupcake dance party."

"Okay," Jason said, deflated. "I get it. Very funny, ha ha."

"It's every bit true as that steaming pile of horse shit you've been shoveling," Kristin said.

"Look," Jason said, "I just wanted to let you know what happened last night. I was in real danger–"

"Just...stop," Kristin said flatly. "You know, this thing we've got...I'm okay with it as long as you tell me the truth."

"That is the truth, I swear!"

"A magical demon came forth from the darkness and forced you to fuck her brains out? That's what you're calling 'the truth'?" She took another bite of salad. "Pathetic."

"Look, I can prove it," Jason said. He reached into his pocket, trying to fish out the diabolus, his only piece of hard evidence.

"Spare me," Kristin said. She threw her fork into her salad bowl. "I've gotta pee."

Kristin got up from the table, leaving Jason still fumbling around in his pants for the gold coin.

He watched her walk toward the connected bathrooms, and couldn't help but admire the way her running shorts hugged the curves of her ass. He hoped it wouldn't be the last he saw of her. So much for open and honest. Maybe he should have lied, anyway.

Jason picked at his pancakes, waiting for Kristin to return. He was thinking about the awkward ride to his apartment, if she was still willing to do that for him. At best, things were going to be tense for a while. He'd have to treat her extra nice if he wanted a shot at getting back in good with her...

His phone pinged, signaling that he'd gotten a text. He pulled it out, and saw that it was from Kristin. "meet me in the lady's room", it said.

Jason looked around the restaurant. The place was almost empty at this time of day, and no women customers were present. Would anyone notice if he just waltzed into the ladies' room?

Ping, another message. "RIGHT NOW".

"This girl's gonna get me arrested," Jason muttered as he got up from the table and walked toward the bathrooms.

At the ladies' room entrance, he gave another quick look-around to make sure no one was watching. He took a deep breath and slipped inside as casually as he could manage.

Inside, there was a row of connected aluminum stalls. Jason had been in a women's bathroom before, so he wasn't surprised at the lack of urinals, or that it was several degrees cleaner than men's bathrooms, or the fact that someone had made the effort to furnish it with a large potted plant in one corner. Nor was he surprised that there was a long, green vinyl couch, bolted to the wall.

It was on this couch that Kristin sat, her arms crossed under her breasts, glaring fire at him, looking hella pissed.

"Look," he said, "If you wanted somewhere private to talk about this–"

"Just shut up," Kristin said. "I've had about enough of your talking."

She stood up, walked to the stall across from her and pushed on the door. It swung inward and slammed against the inside wall, the sound echoing loudly in the restroom.

"Get in," Kristin said.

"Are you crazy?" Jason protested.

"Oh, you haven't seen crazy yet," Kristin said. "Get the fuck in there."

Jason had no idea what Kristin was up to, but, hoping for the best, he did as he was told.

There wasn't a lot of room in the stall, and Jason ended up standing over the ancient toilet, clean except for a few spots of rust where the metal fixtures met the ceramic. Kristin immediately followed him inside, almost knocking him over in the process.

"What are you – "

"I said shut the fuck up," Kristin said angrily. "You talk too much. Now sit your ass down."

The only place to sit was on the toilet, so he down he sat. There was no lid, so he plopped his butt onto the plastic toilet seat. The thing didn't feel that sturdy to begin with, but felt even less stable as Kristin advanced on him and shoved her groin into his face.

"I was waiting for you," she said. "All week. Didn't fuck anyone, didn't get myself off. All because I wanted to give you a good time. A good hard fucking for the lady."

Jason's nose and mouth were almost perfectly even with her mound. He could see the outline of her pussy lips through the spandex shorts. He could smell her arousal, and the scent was delicious. His lips parted to better take in her flavor.

Kristin grabbed his hair and yanked his head back, forcing him to look at her.

"And while I'm waiting for you, saving myself for you, you're out fucking randoms. Couldn't wait to stick it in the first bitch you could find, could you?"

"It wasn't like that!" Jason said quickly. "She was–"

Kristin shoved his face back into her crotch. "Crazy?" she said.

Jason had been about to say "a demon", but realized that "crazy" applied to Pearl too.

Kristin continued. "I'll show you crazy," she said, grinding herself into his face. "Consider this Lesson One."

She released his hair and reached upward to grab the walls of the stall. She continued to force her pussy against Jason's face, pushing him back.

Kristin began to moan. "The lady's angry with you, Jason," she said. "You need to make her happy. Can you make her smile, baby?"

Jason was actually quite willing to oblige "the lady"; he really wanted to make the lady smile. He only wished it could have been in a more accommodating location. Jason attempted to say this in a muffled reply.

"No. Talking." Kristin said. "Pull my shorts down."

Jason slid his hands slowly up her thighs, pausing for a moment to caress her ass. He hooked his thumbs into her waistband and began to draw her running shorts down.

"Faster, dumbass!" Kristin said. "The lady doesn't have time for your lovey-dovey shit!"

All the better, Jason thought. Her scent was making him crazy, and he was eager to get down to business. He pulled down sharply, feeling her ass bounce pleasingly against his palms.

Her auburn thatch was exposed before him. She was already incredibly wet, and her musky scent was powerful. Jason wanted more, and buried his nose in her pubic hairs.

"I knew you were hungry," Kristin said. "Go ahead baby, eat that pussy up."

Jason did. With Kristin grinding into his face, Jason dove in, lapping with big, wet strokes at first, to get her whole area good and slick. Then, going deeper, he began to lick inside her with long, firm strokes of his tongue along her inner walls, top to bottom and back again.

"There you go...there you go," Kristin moaned. "Make the lady smile..."

He held back from licking her clitoris. He'd bang that gong when the time was right. Right now, though, he was all about the musky, womanly taste of her, the feeling of her nether lips against his own lips, the smell of her that was so overwhelming. He squeezed her ass cheeks and she moaned and pressed herself into him even more.

"unnn...don't know why I put up with your shit," Kristin said. "I just want you to fuck me...just fuck me...make the lady happy...god damn it make the lady come you fucking bastard..."

Kristin held onto the walls of the stall as she forced her pussy into his face, and Jason could hear the joints creaking and grinding as they supported her efforts.

She had forced him back so far that his head was bumping the back wall, the porcelain tiles hard and cool against the back of his head. It wasn't pleasant. Either Kristin had no idea what she was doing to him, or didn't give a shit about his comfort.

Maybe in Kristin's mind, this was her idea of balancing the scales between them. Paying off whatever sex-debt that she seemed to think she was owed. Whatever the reason, though, Jason was going to give it his all, wanting to do right by her. The lady gets what the lady wants.

Jason kept her on the edge for some time, dimly aware of the grinding noises of the stall, and the not-unreasonable feeling that someone could walk in at any moment. Anyone who happened to walk in would have to be truly naive to not know exactly what was going on, what with Kristin so far gone, and immodestly muttering to herself.

"...fuck ...craziest bitch you'll ever find ...fuck, baby... so fucking good... eat it up you dirty fucking slut ...that's right ...mmm ...treat the lady niiiice ...shit ...the lady's gonna fuck you up ...lick that shit baby..."

Kristin was doing most of the work, actually, moving herself into the positions where she wanted Jason to lick. Jason simply provided his wet, eager, and agile tongue. Between the two of them they had coated her whole triangle, all the way down to her perineum, in saliva, sweat and pussy juices.

On the other hand, Jason's head was beginning to smart from the repeated banging against the porcelain.

Take your lumps, Jason thought. Make the lady smile.

He took one middle finger and inserted it into her pussy, getting it good and slippery. Kristin cooed at this, while Jason licked at her taint with long, flat strokes of his tongue. It wouldn't take much at this point for her to come, but Jason wanted to make it really special.

He took his slippery finger and, without warning, slid it into her asshole.

Kristin jerked forward sharply, banging his head against the wall with a heavy thunk. Ouch. That was gonna hurt in the morning, but he got the reaction he wanted.

"FUCK!" Kristin yelled. "Fuck, you fucking bastard! Fuck fuck fuck goddamn fuck!"

Kristin's pussy walls quaked and her legs shook violently. Jason slid his slippery finger in and out of her quivering asshole. It seemed to want to suck his finger right in, but Jason was in control now. Kristin babbled helplessly.

"fuck...fuck...fu..fu...uh...uh...uh..." she said, her whole body trembling with the force of her orgasm.

Now he hit her clitoris. He flicked it with his tongue, and Kristin whimpered. Flick, flick, flick... lick, lick, lick... lap, lap, lap...

Kristin couldn't even speak any more. She just moaned and grunted deep in her throat as she spasmed over and over again. Jason had never felt her come like this before, and he wanted to keep it going.

Jason heard her draw in a deep breath, felt her tense for a big one, and pulled out all the stops. He dug his fingernails into her ass, probed his finger deeply into her asshole, all the while licking long rapid strokes into her pussy.

When he lapped at her clitoris again Kristin lost it. "Uhhn!" she squealed, and all her muscles tensed. Jason was aware of the sound of grinding concrete but was too concerned with being at the center of Kristin's hurricane-force orgasm to pay much heed.

Eventually, Kristin's quaking subsided, and she sighed and wavered above him. No longer able to stand, she simply sank into Jason's lap. She leaned into him, seeming heavier than she was, and Jason put his arms around her for support.

Her eyes were closed, and Jason briefly wondered if she had gone to sleep.

"Hey," he said at length. "Is the lady smiling?"

"Mmmm," Kristin said with a satisfied sigh. "The lady has left the building."

"Hey, we probably should too," Jason said. He nodded upward.

Languidly, Kristin looked up. She had pulled the aluminum side of the stall free of the concrete wall. There was a good half-foot gap between the wall and the bolts and hinges that were supposed to secure it.

"Hmmph," she murmured, "don't know my own strength."

Kristin stood up. Slowly and unsteadily at first but, with her confidence returning, she pulled up her running shorts. She straightened herself, then opened the stall door and exited. She gave herself a quick once over in the mirror.

"Lunch is on you," she said breezily. "Meet me at the car. And by the way, you should really get that checked out."
