 Jason was on his back, with his arms stretched out above his head. He lay on something hard and cold. Stone, it felt like. He was incredibly groggy, and his thoughts were few and felt sludgey in his head. 

He tried to open his eyes, but his eyelids wouldn't move. In fact, he slowly became aware that he couldn't move at all. He willed his body to move, but nothing happened. Confusion and panic surged to the forefront of his thoughts. 

"Poor thing," said a voice, and through his mental fog he knew it was the demon, Pearl. "Dimensional travel is so taxing for you humans." 

Jason felt a hand grasp his jaw. The hand was feminine, and strong. With no resistance from Jason, Pearl forced his mouth open. 

"This will make you feel much better," Pearl said. 

Pearl put the edge of a bowl to Jason's lips and delicately trickled something into his mouth. A thick liquid, tasting a bit like rice milk, but with an inexplicable alcohol-like kick to it. She massaged his throat to make sure that he swallowed it down. 

Jason knew that Pearl wouldn't act out of anything but selfishness, and her intentions toward him couldn't possibly be good. He tried not to swallow, but it wasn't like he could do much to stop her. 

He drank, and in doing so, he found that he liked the taste of whatever the stuff was. He hated admitting it to himself, but it was true. He began to drink on his own, his throat muscles now working of their own accord. 

He hungrily swallowed the liquid, craving more than the steady stream that Pearl poured into his mouth. 

"Careful there, big boy," Pearl said, a smile in her voice. "No need to be greedy. A little goes a long way." 

Jason nevertheless drank eagerly, forgetting that breathing is also a good idea. He finished the last few swallows and only then did he gasp loudly, belatedly refilling his lungs. 

When at last he found his voice, the first word Jason uttered was a desperate plea: "More." 

Pearl giggled mockingly before answering. "You've had plenty," she said, adding, "for now, at least." 

The liquid warmed Jason's belly, and after a few seconds that warmth spread across the whole of his body. It made him feel good all over. He felt more awake, more aware, like his life had been jump-started. 

But, considering the source, it also made him highly suspicious. 

"What was that?" Jason said. 

"Elixir," Pearl said. "It will help you recover." Jason heard a clatter as Pearl set aside the empty bowl. "It also has some...other properties," she said. 

"Why can't I open my eyes?" Jason said. "Why can't I move?" 

"Give it a few minutes to work, baby," Pearl said. Jason felt Pearl's palm stroking the skin of his bare chest. He was naked. How had he gotten naked? 

"Fortunately for both of us," Pearl said, and then he felt her fingers begin to slowly trace downward, towards his groin, "I know a great way to pass the time." 

Although he couldn't move any part of his body (except for his mouth, it seemed), Jason's senses were in overdrive. He felt Pearl's fingers brush through the tangle of his pubic hair to stroke his cock. His dick lengthened and expanded at the touch of her warm hand, throbbing to full erection almost instantly. 

"Mmmm...Looks like we're on the same page," Pearl said. Her hand left his member for the briefest of moments as she repositioned herself, and he could feel her nestle her upper body between his parted thighs. 

Pearl resumed her grip on his cock, stroking him and rubbing it all over her face while she did so. 

"It's been so long," Pearl said. "I'd hoped you hadn't forgotten me." 

He was about to say that it had only been a week, but Pearl interrupted him by planting tender kisses on along his cock, up and down the sensitive underside. She massaged his balls with a gentle urgency that made Jason catch his breath, rendering him speechless. 

"But you didn't, did you?" Pearl said, continuing to stroke him. Her caress was warm and loving, although Jason couldn't help but wonder if she was talking to him, or his cock. 

"You can't know how much this means to me, Jason," Pearl said. "I can't wait for you shoot a big load of your gooey, yummy male essence all over me again." 

Yep, same old Pearl, Jason thought. He mustered up his courage to speak. 

"Not this time," Jason said. "I beat you once. I can do it again." 

"I would call our last encounter more of a draw, wouldn't you?" Pearl said, and Jason could hear the cruel mockery in her voice. "So how might I tip the scales in my favor this time, hmm? Oh, I know..." 

Pearl took the head of his cock into her mouth, sucking him in, and continued stroking his shaft. For all his bravado, Jason couldn't deny that she was servicing him amazingly. Good god, she had come a long way since her first clumsy attempts at giving head. Jason could only grit his teeth, trying in vain to hide the effect she was having on him. 

Pearl ceased slurping on his cock long enough to speak. 

"Tough customer, huh?" Pearl said. "Do I need to sweeten the deal for you?" 

With the pressure in his balls building, Jason declined to answer. 

"How about this?" Pearl said. "You give me what I want, what I crave. In return, I give you another gold diabolus and a free trip back to Earth." 

"Back to...?" Jason said. "Where in the hell are we?" 

Pearl giggled. "Almost right," she said. "We're in Tarterus, baby. My home. Open your eyes now." 

And just like that, Jason found that he could open his eyes. He was looking straight up at a vaulted stone ceiling, supported by wooden beams. 

Long iron chains dangled from the ceiling, hundreds of them, it seemed. Each chain ended about ten feet above the floor, in a loop of dark brown leather. 

Flicking his eyes around, Jason saw that he was in an incredibly large room, like one of those big dining halls in old-timey castles. Set into the wall opposite him was an enormous wooden door, ten feet high with iron bindings, slightly ajar. 

The wall to his right was dominated by a glassless window that was the room's only source of light. But the light it admitted was strange, seeing as how the color of the sky beyond the window was a pale rose. 

The window also admitted a soft, irregular roar. Like the babble of a nearby stream, or the windy rustling of distant trees. 

Before Jason could question her, Pearl gave the length of his cock a long, firm stroke that sent his mind reeling. 

"That's the deal, my dear" Pearl said, "and I suggest you take it." She pumped her fist deliciously around his cock again. "Whaddaya say?" 

Jason recovered his wits a bit. "Nice place you got here," he said. "Anyone ever tell you your sky's a fucked-up color?" 

"Hah!" Pearl said. "You're one to talk. I've seen your sky. It freaks me out, all weird and blue. But, speaking of color..." 

Jason craned his neck as Pearl rose from where she knelt between his legs. She was in her true form, her demon form, just as he remembered her, similar to her human form, but with a few important differences. Her skin was crimson, the color of fresh blood. Enormous, leathery black wings sprouted from her back, anchored just below her shoulder blades. She had folded them behind her while sucking his dick, but now she unfurled them, their wingspan blocking out the rest of the room and dominating Jason's vision. 

It was Pearl's astoundingly large breasts, though, firm and round with their dark red nipples, that drew Jason's eye most of all. He remembered the feeling of fucking them, squeezed tightly around his cock as he gushed hot, sticky jism all over her. 

"I want you to see," Pearl said, "See what you have done to me..." 

Pearl threw her legs over him, climbing onto him and wrapping her thick, warm thighs around his hips, so that the only thing between them was Jason's cock, engorged, slick with saliva, and trapped in the tangle of their mingled pubic hairs. 

Jason felt dread rising within him, knowing what was coming next. "I haven't agreed to anything!" he blurted, remembering that she'd told him that he had to consent, and hoping that that constraint still held true. 

"Oh, shut up," Pearl snapped. "Consider this a freebie. You'll come 'round soon enough." 

Pearl lifted her hips, and then lowered herself onto him. His cock penetrated her, enveloped by her silky folds as she teased him with agonizing slowness. Jason gasped at the feeling of her hot, smooth snatch surrounding his member. 

"Mmmmm..." Pearl sighed. "I feel a 'yes' coming on..." 

Jason couldn't help himself. For all that she felt somehow artificial, he couldn't deny that being in the grip of Pearl's demon pussy felt incredible. 

Stimulated by the overwhelming sensation of his dick inside the demon's cunt, he focused all of his willpower on lifting his hips. 

"That's it, baby," Pearl sighed. "Give me that fucking cock..." 

Unable to think about anything else, Jason shut his eyes, and began pumping himself into her. He thrust deeply, and she squeezed herself around him upon each stroke. 

"Yes..." Pearl hissed, picking up the rhythm and grinding into him with each thrust. "Yes again...and more yes..." 

Pearl leaned forward and gripped Jason's shoulders, for support, to fuck him harder. He felt her big breasts press heavily into his chest. In that moment, with her gigantic watermelon tits crushing against him and jiggling lewdly from the motion of their fucking, he knew he was doomed. 

When at last, unable to help himself, Jason echoed, "yes..." Pearl chuckled menacingly, then leaned down and placed her mouth against his ear. 

"Open your eyes, baby," she whispered. "I need you to see what you've done to me." 

Having already given in, Jason opened his eyes. Pearl reared up, displaying herself fully for him, and Jason was both confused and excited by what he saw. 

Pearl's crimson coloring was no longer uniform. Her face was dotted and streaked with glowing golden patches. And it wasn't just her face, either. Almost her entire torso displayed the golden markings. Brilliant streaks lined her shoulders. A large golden patch shimmered along the top of her cleavage and continued upward, covering her neck and breaking up into uneven streaks and spots again on her chin. 

"Do you like my new look?" Pearl said, smiling, grinding herself into him with renewed fervor. "I hadn't expected this, but it's wonderful, don't you think?" 

Jason tried to speak. He got as far as "I..." before his voice failed him. 

"Yes...you," Pearl said breathlessly, giving his dick a long, truly exquisite stroke with her pussy. "You gave me the power I craved, yes. But you gave me something more. A gift...a magnificent gift." 

She cupped one of her full, heavy breasts in her hand, stroking it all the way to her hard nipple, stretching and twisting it, while licking her lips. 

"You have stained me, lover," Pearl said. "Everywhere your seed fell...you left your mark on me." 

Jason, taken aback, paused fucking her. "I don't understand," he said. 

"Nor do I," Pearl admitted. She shrugged, and Jason watched as her massive breasts rippled from the action. "But does it not please you?" 

Before Jason could answer, Pearl began fucking him again. Harder and faster than before, with renewed intensity. She was building him up expertly, and Jason knew he wouldn't last long against her aggressive sexual onslaught. 

He felt strength in his arms again, and tried to push her away. Probably a futile gesture, given the strength he knew Pearl to possess, but he had to try. 

His arms jerked to a stop almost as soon as they were in motion. He heard the clink of metal and felt the clutch of leather around his wrists, and realized that Pearl had bound him. 

"Ah-ah-ah!" Pearl said, still filling herself with Jason's cock. "Not so easy this time. You're mine, sweetie, and I'm going to take you for all you've got!" 

Pearl spread her wings wide again. They must have stretched twenty feet from tip to tip, and despite his situation, Jason was awed. Pearl was truly magnificent...and Jason wanted her. The mad angerlust for her that he'd felt in the hotel room came roaring back. The only thought in his mind was to give Pearl the fierce fucking of a lifetime. 

Jason snarled bestially, and pulled on leather cuffs around his wrists until the chains went taut. He thrust his hips upward, causing Pearl to bounce as his rock-solid member slammed deep, penetrating her to the hilt. 

He did it again, and kept doing it, grunting with the magnificent sensation of power-fucking the lustful demon woman who was so intent on making him come. 

Seeing the mindless lust on Jason's face, Pearl smiled cruelly. She placed her hands tightly around his ribcage and dug in her fingers. 

"That's it, Jason," she hissed. "I want your best, baby. Give it to me!" 

Pearl's encouragement further inflamed Jason's desire. His entire body tensed and his blood pumped hotly in his veins. Jason's muscles strained as he forced himself into Pearl over and over again. 

At first, Jason and Pearl locked eyes with one another, each watching for the first indication of weakness. But Pearl, knowing quite well his desire for her full, delicious demon breasts, pressed her upper arms around them, squeezing them together just enough to capture Jason's gaze. The vigorous bouncing of Pearl's barely-restrained jugs could not be denied, and Pearl laughed as Jason became enraptured by the sight of them. 

Pearl's boobs jiggled and bounced, smacking heavily against each other, and Jason feasted on them with his eyes. He wanted to touch them, to fill his hands with their warm, luscious softness. But whenever he tried to reach for them, his restraints held him back, denying him that pleasure. 

Pearl taunted him. "You want my tits sooooo bad, don't you?" she said. "You want to pull them, smack them, pinch my nipples? You want to lick them, bite them..." 

She squeezed her arms in more, forming an impressively deep, long cleavage valley. 

"Slide your cock right here, in between them, and fuck, fuck, fuck, until you explode," Pearl said. "Your cock is so hungry for my big, yummy titties...and I won't let you have them." 

Pearl laughed, and Jason growled. Fucking growled like an angry wolf, and pounded his cock into her harder than ever. 

Pearl met him thrust for thrust, might for might. Jason felt his orgasm rising, felt himself oozing precum into her warm pussy. She was so hot inside already, and getting warmer and wetter as their juices mingled. She clamped ever more tightly onto Jason's cock as their furious coupling intensified. 

Pearl began to moan, and her breathing becoming heavy and more uneven. 

"Ohhhh, baby...that's it," she said between gasps. "You feel so good...you make me feel... so... fucking... goooood..." 

Pearl had been a paragon of control just a few scant minutes before, but now she joined Jason is animalistic ardor. She held herself to his prone form, encircling him with her arms and digging her fingers into his back. With a little too much force as Jason abruptly felt his skin split from her sharp fingernails. 

"Ah!" Jason yelped, half in pain, half in lustful ecstasy. 

Jason's cry snapped Pearl back to attention. She looked into his eyes, and the fire had returned. She was angry now; Pearl's mood swings were something else. 

"Oh no you don't!" Pearl said. "Not this time! What did I tell you before, you animal? Demons don't come!" 

She slapped him hard across the face. Jason didn't care. He just wanted to fuck her even harder now. He stared defiantly into Pearl's crimson-and-gold face, glaring with hate-lust into her eyes, jet black and limned with fire, and spoke as eloquently as he could while thrusting powerfully into her with his throbbing cock. 

"fuck...you...gonna...fuck you...fuck...you..." 

Pearl grinned. "Yessssss..." she hissed. "That's the spirit. Now how about..." 

Pearl leaned forward, now laying atop him and holding him down with her body. She never ceased sliding her pussy along his cock, but now her tits covered Jason's face. Each breast was as big as his head, and Jason felt the weight of them as she pressed them onto him. Her breasts were incredibly heavy, her skin was warm and insistent. 

Pearl fucked Jason more slowly now, devoting more attention to her breast-smothering. 

"You hate me, don't you?" Pearl cooed. "You love my big tits, and here I am giving you more than you can handle. I'm so mean to you..." 

Jason couldn't breathe. Pearl's breasts were suffocating him, and though he thrashed his head back and forth, he couldn't escape them. At the same time, though, he luxuriated in the feel of Pearl's enormous, perfectly soft orbs, delighted by their bounty. 

A stiff nipple brushed Jason's lips, and wild with desperate fury, he snapped his teeth around it. He bit her hard, far harder than he would ever dare with a human woman. 

Pearl squealed loudly. "Yes!" she yelped. "More!" 

Pearl had said that he couldn't hurt her, but Jason was going to find out if that was really true. He latched onto her nipple with his incisors again, and bit down so hard he was sure his teeth would sever her nipple. 

Pearl laughed triumphantly. "YES!" she shouted. "It... hurts... so... GOOD!" 

His incredibly solid cock still pummeling into Pearl's pussy, Jason attacked her breasts with his teeth, she thrashed wildly. 

"OH... OH... OH..." Pearl said. "Fuck me...hurt me...give yourself to me! Bless me with your pain!" 

Pearl rode a very conflicted Jason, who was still suffocating in her bosom. Hate, lust, alarm and futility warred within him to the point that the only thing he could think was to attack her in the only ways left to him: with his cock and his teeth. 

Jason's was running out of air. His thoughts became fuzzy and distant as his oxygen-starved brain began to shut down. 

But just as he was about to lose consciousness, he heard Pearl's voice from far away. 

"Mmmmm" Pearl said. "This is sooo good, but I think you're ready." 

Pearl leaned up, lifting her breasts from his face. Jason was so lost in animalistic rage that he lunged at them with his teeth as they withdrew, before he remembered to breathe. Only then did he gasp for air. 

Pearl gave a powerful beat of her wings, and launched herself into the air, off of Jason's dick and toward the ceiling. Spreading her wings to their widest, she caught the air on the way down, her body coming to rest between his legs. 

She studied Jason's glistening cock, now pointed almost directly upward, with lustful appraisal. "You are ready, aren't you?" she said, smiling her cruelest smile. 

Pearl lifted her marvelous breasts with her hands, her abundant titflesh spilling out between her fingers, and settled them heavily around his cock. 

"It's time for the grand finale, Jason," Pearl said. "You know what to do." 

Pearl smooshed her magnificent melons against his member, covering every inch of his dick except for the very top of his cock head. Jason groaned mournfully as desire and dread warred in him. 

"Look at me, Jason," Pearl said. "Doesn't that look fantastic? Your hard cock trapped between my fat fucking jugs?" 

Jason wanted to look away, but he couldn't. The top of his cock protruding from the mounds of Pearl's quivering titflesh filled his vision. The feeling of Pearl's gigantic breasts enveloping his shaft became his whole universe. 

Pearl gave her tits a shake, and his cock jostled pleasingly inside her flesh cocoon. Skin pressed to skin, soft against hard, Pearl began stroking his dick in the delectable tunnel of her cleavage. 

Jason pumped his hips, fucking Pearl's tits with the same force that he had fucked her pussy. Pre-cum was oozed from him, and the lubrication greatly enhanced the sensual friction of along his dick. 
