 It had been a long afternoon in the keep's garden and Helga had enjoyed the conversation with her lord's new servant Julia. Julia had been given the task of cleaning this common meeting area from a gathering the night before. Lord Henry had won the conflict with the neighboring kingdom, and most of the countryside had been celebrating. The keep was quiet today and because the conflict had taken it's toll on her, Helga the female warrior had enjoyed it. 

But this was a most unusual conversation with maid Julia. Helga didn't know how, but the conversation had strayed toward marriage and love. Helga had suggested she could talk to Lord Henry about his maid and request that she be allowed to marry. She wanted to do this for her friend and since the war was over, she thought it would be possible for her to be released and have a life of her own. After this years long ordeal it was time to give something back to a land that had suffered so much. 

But everything she said to Julia seemed like it was being deflected by a healer's ward. Blocked like the skill of the keep's top clerics. She was puzzled in this. Julia was polite but she seemed to pass off everything Helga said. Walking away to begin her guard rounds Helga became even more confused. 

"Why would she refuse?" Helga said out loud.

She knew if she had a chance to have love and passion she would jump at it. But she knows it is not possible. She has a secret that she must keep. For it is against the crown to seek the type of love she wants. She must keep her secret until her death.

Helga is a striking warrior both in prowess with a blade, and beauty like one of the revered goddesses of legend. Her long flowing auburn hair is a hereditary trait along with her tall stature and athletic frame. Even though she has created fear in her enemies countless times, she still manages to hold her beauty. There have been many suitors, but none have taken her heart. They have tried and failed just as the countless hoard had failed to kill her. It has puzzled willing men from one end of this kingdom to the other. But there is a secret she will never tell.

For it is true, blasphemy and heretic nature combined, Helga has no interest in men. She never did. Even when she took to her bed a member of the legion, nightly for a week, it did not excite her much. She only did it out of a sense of duty to the man that had nearly died saving her life. She could not understand why she did not feel the way she should about a man who was clearly attractive and well endowed. Even when asked to marry, she did not have the passion in her heart to accept. She knew what her true nature was. 

This is why she vowed a life of service to the kingdom instead. It was not until she came back from the final battle two days ago that she realized something. Worn and bruised, but a hero who had led the attack on the hoard, she was given the best treatment. Her Lord ordered ten female servants to care for her and make her battle fatigue disappear. It was then that she realized her true nature.

She was stripped of her armor, and led to the keep's bath. The servants fed and bathed her. It was then that she realized something that shocked and amazed her at the same time. As the women servants touched her with the warm water, their hands cleaned every part of her she began to realize what kind of attention her mind preferred. As one very young servant washed her private region her insides erupted with feeling. She had told the girl to keep cleaning there in that one place. The soft gentle touch had given her a release of womanly expression so strong that she lost her footing and collapsed in the large pool. She passed it off to them as part of her injury as to not give away her secret.

The wounded male soldier with all his penetrating manly passion, and sheer size had not even come close. She thought an aggressive nature would excite her warrior instinct. Even attacking him one night, slamming him down on the bed flat and devouring him did not excite her like this young servant's touch. 

It never felt as mystical as that moment with the young female servant as her flower exploded with the force of a conjuror's flame. Even though she tried to reject and forget, she could not. In her private bed chambers she would create a fantasy of that moment with the servant, touching her, reaching her own self induced passion. Though the physical touch was there, there was still no loving connection. 

This Helga knew would be all she cold ever hope for. If she told of her thoughts of forbidden desire, she would be exiled or even executed. She did not want a husband and has to avoid talk of it even though her Lord offered her choice of his sons. She has to tell him that she is sworn to duty and service and it is her life. But she knows better. She cannot have the feelings from who she desires, another woman. But what if it was in secret?

Something about the things that Julia said fascinated her. Her shoulder length jet black hair was an oddity in a culture with mostly medium and light colored strands. She stood over a food shorter than Helga with only a hint of muscular build, but she smiled inwardly when she realized they had nearly the same medium breast size. She could have been a warrior too. It was almost like she was looking into her own early confusion about love and passion when she thought about Julia. She could sense the struggle within her maid friend. Could it be true? Could her blasphemy not be just a chance? Someone else has it too? She was determined to find out and she had an idea. 

Helga was told by her Lord that because of her service she could pick a personal servant that would tend to her for as long as she deemed fit. She was about to pick that person. She was determined as if she was about to do battle. But this one would not be won with swords and might. Hearts would decide.

"Enter," Helga called out from inside her quarters.

"My lady," came a familiar voice.

"Good day," Helga smiled as she turned.

"Our lord has told me that my new task would be servant to you warrior Helga," Maid Julia said. "I am to serve all of your needs as you have them."

"Thank you Julia," Helga said, "I accept your service. Thank you."

"What shall I do first mistress?" Julia asked.

"Sit and talk a while Julia," Helga smiled. "Keep me company. I enjoyed our conversation yesterday."

"Yes mistress," Julia said. "As did I."

"To tell you plainly," Helga said as she sat the both of them down, "I requested you."

"Thank you," Julia nodded, "I shall serve you well."

"I think your...special," Helga smiled, "I think we can be friends."

"Mistress I am your servant and pledged to do the tasks you give me without question. It seems inappropriate for you to see me as a friend," Julia said.

"Actually you have it wrong," Helga said as she stood, "Yes I need someone to tidy my quarters, and perform an occasional errand. But I wanted a friend too, and I enjoyed our time together. I think we are of a similar mind."

"Thank you mistress," Julia said.

"Now after you tidy things up here just a little, you have the rest of the day off until it's my bath time at dusk," Helga said.

"As you wish," Julia bowed.

Helga took her leave and went about her rounds of the castle and exterior grounds. There was still a chance of insurgents trying to breech the castle walls, so the rounds were necessary. Even yesterday she dispatched one that had nearly climbed the south wall to the top. She had guessed he was an assassin, though she didn't give him a chance to tell her.

It had always seemed such a beautiful land to Helga, even ravaged by war. Just a few months ago in the late spring as she walked through a battlefield full of broken corpses, she had noticed something profound. For there was a single white flower nearly at the center of the field. It stood out amongst the carnage. She had told her charge to protect that flower at all cost until all was cleared. For she knew that if she let this symbol of peace thrive, there would be an end to the bloody carnage. Now a month later, the kingdom is quiet.

Even though she was doing her duty her mind was elsewhere. Her strong attraction to a servant made her take action to assure her company. Was this a good idea she wondered? She is a warrior, and has shed and spilled blood throughout the land. She felt strong in her decisions, but could this one be wrong? Her feelings and what she thought of her maid were not. One thing was certain. She would see soon enough. As her rounds concluded she returned to her quarters. It was the dinner hour and soon time for her bath down by the river pool. 

"Mistress my work is done here but afterward I did not now what other tasks to complete," Julia said as Helga entered the chamber.

"Oh nothing was expected. You should have just taken a rest," Helga said.

"That would be inappropriate," Julia said.

"Not for my servant," Helga said as she set her blade down on the main table, "I think your life's tasks have been difficult enough. It's time to have a good occupation...with benefits."

"My duty is to serve," Julia said.

"Speaking truthfully, I enjoy your friendship and I know you enjoyed our talk. We can be friends can we not?" Helga asked.

"I have never had a friendship besides the maid's banter around the washing pond, just duty, and not always reasonable tasks," Julia said. "I don't know how."

"Then just be my friend...one who also keeps my quarters tidy. Enjoy your time instead," Helga stated as she sat down to eat the meal Julia had prepared.

After a bit of back and forth it seemed as if Julia started to accept her new fortune. She even smiled for the first time, even to the point of glowing. For the meal, the two friends talked about their lives and work. Julia was a little put off by Helga's talk of her battles. But the warrior soon realized that it was more out of genuine concern, even a worry. She knew she would have to abstain mostly from that kind of talk, and could feel the attraction that seemed to be growing from her new friend. When Julia was cleaning up the food, Helga in her warrior instinct could sense eyes on her nearly the entire time. When she looked at Julia she received a smile, like a shy animal back.

"Julia my friend," Helga said as she stood, "It is my day of bathing, and nearly dusk now."

"Yes I gathered already your garment changes," Julia said. "They are in a satchel near the doorway."

"Thoughtful," Helga smiled, "Can you gather your change also or should I reciprocate?"

"You mean my cleansing?" Julia asked, "The emerald pool is reserved for only certain warriors like you mistress, even coming close to the pool when it is being used is punishable by time in the keep's dungeon. Servants use a cold water bucket out behind the armory."

"Not my servant," Helga stated, "My friend. She will bathe in the same place I do. In a real bath in water using the best cleansing materials."

"Thank you mistress," Julia said, "But the guard at the gate...they will not allow."

"The guard will not cross me or I will have his emblem and send him back to the village as a commoner. He will also keep it to himself or find he has a new hole in his body to add to his other ones," Helga stated strongly.

"Thank you. I feel it is too good for a common servant," Julia bowed, again disturbed by Helga's words.

"Not for you," Helga said as she packed clean garments for her new friend.

The walk to the pool takes nearly twenty minutes from the gates of the keep. It is a secluded pool fed by a natural mountain stream. Up the stream is where the servants gather the water supply for the inhabitants of the keep. The pool is warmer than the ice cold mountain fresh water that enters it. I vein of volcanic lava heats the stones in it's center. The natural stone structure provides complete privacy and guards are posted around it at all times. It is a unique phenomenon in the kingdom. Only medium to top ranked warriors and royalty are allowed to use. Everyone knows when Helga chooses to use, and it is always vacant. It's simple. Every other day at dusk, except when she is on the battlefield.

"Mistress, I want to thank you for allowing me to use this place," Julia said as they walked, "It is very generous. But I am not use to such treatment. Since I was a child I only experienced a true bath one time."

"Julia you do not need to call me mistress," Helga, "Tell me my friend, was your bath recent?"

"In the spring this year," Julia said, "When I was sent to serve Lord Hirlin during his campaign to the east."

"Oh I had no idea you were in the middle of that bloodbath...and conspiracy," Helga said.

"Yes mis...Helga," Julia corrected, "A terrible time, of battles only to find out Lord Hirlin was in conspiracy with the eastern hoard."

"You survived," Helga said, "You know I was sent there to bring him back to the keep to be tried and executed, but the hoard took care of that anyway. Then we surprised them."

"That was you that sent the fake message of betrayal to the hoard, then led the ambush? I didn't know," Julia said.

"It was an elegant solution. Instead of trying to take on our own people and pacify the hoard at the same time which had a high chance of failure. I let the hoard take care of the traitors, then we laid in wait and cut their diminished numbers down easily. It got me the title I have now, but I did it for the kingdom."

"You are a true hero," Julia smiled, "But being your servant...or friend, I worry about you in battle."

"Thank you," Helga smiled.

"But I owe you. You saved my life," Julia said, "I was running with the other servants away from the keep when you attacked. Two of our numbers were killed, and I myself took the life of one of the hoard in defense."

"I never knew that happened," Helga said, "So unfortunate that you had to endure that."

"I was numb. My mind and body seemed to be feeling no pain after being in servitude to Lord Hirlin." Julia said.

"In addition to being a traitor, he was also abusing his servants, I know," Helga said.

"Yes, me in particular," Julia said softly.

"Would you want to speak of it?" Helga asked.

"I do not want you to think less of me or discharge me, lady," Julia said, "But if you order it I will speak."

Helga reassured her that she would not think less of her. As Julia told of her horrible tale, Helga listened and became angry at the man who had caused her suffering. He had forced himself upon her, and allowed many of his charge to do the same. Julia mentioned that she did not have those feelings toward men, even in kind and gentle times. She had wanted to end her life so many times to stop the suffering. Helga was angry but knew she had to stay composed. But she had a sense of pride in her new friend as she learned that Julia had been the one to dispatch him, by tossing him off the keep's wall.

"You are a true member of this kingdom, and a warrior yourself," Helga said, "It does bring me some degree of satisfaction knowing that the traitor died at the hands of one of the people, and not in battle with the enemy. Fitting."

"You are not angered?" Julia asked.

"No, in fact I am proud of you, and at the same time know that even in my prowess I will never dare to cross you," Helga laughed.

"Thank you," Julia laughed back.

"Perhaps you do not have those feelings for men," Helga said as she looked at her.

"But the alternative thought," Julia said.

"Is punishable by banishment or worse, yes," Helga stated.

"I cannot speak of such thoughts," Julia said, "And you know don't you mistress?"

"I suspected," Helga sad as they rounded the last pathway to the pool.

"I don't know what to say except that I will not act on those feelings out of respect for you and my kingdom," Julia said.

"Does that mean the same for me?" Helga asked, "Must I not act even in secret?"

"You?" Julia said as she slowed, "But what are you saying?"

"I have been in men's beds before as well but by choice," Helga said. "I was not thinking of them when I was there."

"Perhaps the right man has not come into view yet," Julia said.

"There is no one that can fit that task," Helga said, "I do not wish the love of a man."

"I'm not sure what you mean by...oh," Julia said with an embarrassed expression, "Why are you telling me this?"

"Because you are my friend," Helga said, "I think you also understand."

As they approached the guarded gate, Helga could sense the thoughts of her new friend. She could feel them as clearly as her own thoughts. Her friend was nervous to be sure. She hoped that she did not feel as if she was being tricked. She really hoped for something else entirely. 

"Maiden Helga," the gate guard said as he stood at attention, "You have assistance this bath. May I ask her name."

"This is Julia, my chamber servant," Helga said as she stood strong and face to face with the guard. "She will assist me."

"Very well," said the gate guard. "You will not be disturbed."

As the two walked the winding stairway down to the pool, Helga broke the silence because she knew the question was on her friend's mind.

"You are here because you are my friend, as well as the person who cares for my chamber," Helga said. "I didn't bring you here because of what we each confessed to each other."

"I am here to assist you," Julia said.

"You are here to enjoy it too," Helga smiled.

"Thank you, but I can assist you too," she said.

It almost seemed like a plea to Helga. As if she wanted to help her bathe. She wondered if it was her sense of duty or something else. Admittedly it made her mind wander a little, and she tried to calm her feelings of a mild arousal. Her point of coming here was not seduction or even what was in her mind now. It was simply to give her friend some of the benefits she enjoyed and took for granted. But she could not help these feelings being around Julia.

"Oh my the beauty," Julia said as they rounded the last corner. 

The large stream fed pool was before them lit around it with torches. There are a few fire gems in the center at the bottom that illuminates the water. On one side was the edge of the east end of the witches crags and small open area was a drop of several hundred meters to the valley floor. It is secluded and its no wonder Helga enjoys it here. Helga watched her friend's reaction and smiled. She watched as Julia walked slowly toward the pool and dropped both packs near the large stone slab on the close end. She looked over the semi oval pool and bent down to feel the water.

"It's really warm," she turned and smiled to Helga.

"Enjoy," Helga said as she unclasped the leather tunic she had worn here and set it on the slab.

"Thank you, but you should enter first," Julia said as she watched her friend take a large skin from the rack to the side and spread it onto the slab.

"I like to relax a while after bathing," she said as she removed her leggings and the rest of her clothing.

"Oh alright," Julia said as she looked away. 

"Oh yes warm tonight," Helga said as she completely immersed herself in the pool.

Julia stood near the slab and fingered the front of her servant's dress seeming to want to enter the pool as well. It was obvious needed a little coaxing.

"Julia, when you join me, bring the sponge and bath soaps," Helga smiled.

She looked at her friend who understood that Helga was just trying to get her to enjoy the pool as well. But Julia was still playing her fingers around the front of her dress. Just when Helga thought that she would not go through with it, her garment and undergarments were off and she gathered up the sponge and soaps. Helga watched in the dim light and tried not to stare at her slender figure as she approached the water's edge. 

"Oh it's actually really warm, almost hot," Julia said as she entered the water.
