 I squirm in my chair, rubbing my legs together as the wet, warm place between my legs throbs. I am in a Dungeons and Dragons sessions at the end of the table, the dungeon master sitting opposite explaining the layout of the cave to the three other players at the table. The Paladin, the Rogue and the Wizard. I am an elven druid, and the only girl at the table. 

I had been turned on since this morning. Today's session I would be sitting out for the most part, since my male companions were trying to rescue me from the Orc Warlord who had captured me in the previous session to become his pleasure slave. 

I was so turned on by the idea I had turned up to the session in a tight tank top that my nipples poked through in chill, and my shortest skirt with no panties on. 

I don't look like the stereotypical image of the gamer girl. I look more like a beach babe, that I often get odd looks when I tell people I play D&D. I enjoy the attention I get from male gamers because of it. 

As the others trudge through the cave and navigate traps, images flash through my head of being tied up in a dungeon and spit roasted by two giant orcs. 

My pussy is slick with my juices as I rile myself up. Looking up at the men immersed in the game and suddenly embolden with need I spread my legs wide under the table. My barely there skirt rolls up to my hips baring my pink shaved pussy. I spread my legs further and feel my entire body flush with heat. 

The dungeon master (DM) flounders as the dice falls and rolls under the table.

Overwhelming excitement and panic run through me as the dungeon master bends down. At the last second, I decide to leave my legs wide open. The dungeon master disappears under the table. My heart is pounding in my throat. 

After several beats he sits back up in his chair looking flushed and I know he has seen my slick pussy. 

'You succeeded past the trap, and come to a split tunnel, how would you like to proceed?' the DM askes.

The men begin to argue amongst themselves and DM picks up his phone.

I get a message.

Holy fuck your pussy is so hot, was that display for me?

I type back quickly.

I'm just so turned on at being a pleasure slave, I don't care who sees it

I'll say, you're really fucking wet...you really don't care if we all see your hot little cunt?

I'm so turned on I can barely stand it. Hope we get to the pleasure slave bit soon.

Oh don't worry, I have something special planned.

'You feel something give under your feet and everything goes black,' DM announces 'You open your eyes and find you are all locked in a cell together, the Orc Warlord is on the other side of the bars with your companion Elven Druid,' DM describes.

DM stands up and walks around the table.

'You have come all this way, to save your former comrade and failed,' DM laughs and stops next to my chair. 

DM gestures for me to stand up. I pull my skirt down as I stand out of habit. 

'Though I can understand why you risked so much,' DM chuckles and kicks the chair out from behind me. 

DM presses his front to my back, he yanks the straps of my top down my shoulders and my bare perky breasts fall out into the air. DM heists up my skirt revealing my wet pussy to the group.

'Her body is delicious, sensitive and desperate for cock,' DM says to the group. 

I stare at them all in shock and vice versa. DM grasps my breasts and squeezes as he reaches between my legs and rubs at my wet pussy. 

I can't help but shiver as his fingers flick my clitoris and squeeze it between his fingers. He massages my breasts and plunges his fingers into my cunt. 

Rogue has his phone out and has it pointed at me, oh god he's filming this. 

'See how her cunt his hungry for cock, she sucks my fingers in,' DM laughs 'Come closer and see for yourself.'

Paladin is on his knees, face level with my gushing pussy. 

'She smells strongly of lust,' Paladin says.

'Taste her through the bars,' DM commands and spreads my pussy lips apart with his fingers. 

Paladin grasps my hips and laps at my clitoris. I cry out. The others appear around me, grasping my breasts and massaging my clit as Paladin thrusts his tongue inside me. 

Oh god, I have wanted this for long. So many hands and mouths all touching and tasting and taking. 

'Back now!' DM roars and they scurry back.

'See, you all know now there is no saving her from this, this is what she always was,' I feel a motion behind me and then something between my thighs. I look down and DM's dick is sticking out between my thighs. He begins to thrust his cock back and forth across my pussy lips 'An Orc whore for breeding.'

My juices are coating his cock and I begin to roll my hips in smooth movements to rub my cunt against his length. 

DM yanks off my skirt, and rips my shirt off. Completely naked now in front of the group and Rogue's camera, DM pushes on my back bending me forward. My heart is pounding, I bend over, oh my god, oh my god, I'm going to let him fuck me. 

I feel the head of his cock push at my entrance.

'Say it!' DM demands.

'P-please b-breed me,' I beg. 

Then in one strong thrust he pushes all of his fucking huge girth inside of me. I moan at the sharp, stretching sensations. I am so wet that he buries his cock with that one stab. 

He doesn't wait for me to adjust he grasps my hips and fucks me at a brutal pace. I can't stop the sounds pouring out of my mouth. 

'Stick your cock in her mouth to silence her!' DM demands.

I moan and open my mouth greedily as Paladin presses his cock to my cheek. 

I suck on it and moan as both cocks filled me up. Oh god, I'm being spit roasted. This is so hot!

Rogue is underneath me with the phone.

'Nice close up shots of those beautiful bouncing tits, oh god look at that pussy sucking in that cock,' Rogue says.

DM nudges deep into the very centre of my heat and surges into it again and again with such ferocity. I rock back seeking more. DM bites into my shoulder and I dig my fingers into the table beneath my palms. I can feel something building and I grow hotter and hotter, I whine and gag on the cock in my mouth. My toes, tighten, and my body seizes up as my pussy sucks on DM's cock through my orgasm.

'You just came from being spit roasted, oh you fucking slut yes!'

I feel DM push deep and fill me up with his hot cum. 

'Let me get a shot of the creampie!' Rogue shouts and rushes behind me.

I feel DM pull out and spread my hole.

'I don't think that's enough cum to breed her,' DM says 'I'll leave you to the mercy of your companions breed whore.'

Wizard immediately sits down and pulls me onto his lap. He grasps my hips and forces me down onto his cock like a spear. 

I beg and undulate as I fuck myself on his cock. I scrub my inflamed pussy on his public bone as his hardness stretches me open. Hands are all over my body, grasping my breasts, rubbing my clitoris and grasping my arse. 

Rogue is filming every second, moving in for close ups of the cock disappearing in my pussy. My body locks up in orgasm once more milking cum from the pulsating cock inside me. 

'Haha, you didn't last long,'

'Shut up she's fucking hot!'

Paladin grabs me and pulls me off of Wizard. He pushes me up against the wall, lifts one of my legs over his hips and pushes his cock up inside me. Oh god, that itch deep inside me is finally being scratched and my body is on fire. 

I wrap my arms around him and beg and cry to never stop. I scratch at Paladin's back and gasp as his cock knocks the breath out of me. I can barely breathe. I roll my hips and shiver like a whore. Paladin's strokes churn through the added liquid of DM and Wizard's cum. I feel Paladin pulsate inside me and release his load in my cunt. 

'Don't let any cum slip out!'

'Lay her on her back on the table!'

Rogue hands DM the phone and grabs my hips pulls me to the edge of the table. He hacks and spits and I feel his saliva drip down my cunt and his cock pushes it inside me with the cum of three different men with a large slurp. The cock forces my pussy lips apart and presses deeper and deeper inside me until I feel his hips against my pelvis. 

I am all liquid inside and Rogue's cock churn it inside me. I'm wailing, begging for him to go deeper and harder. He nearly bends me over in half, and it feels so fantastic. He's fucking so deep into me I'm losing it. I arch myself up in such a quick motion his cock plunged in deeper still, I cry out in absolute bliss.

Rogue raises one of my legs on his shoulder and ruthlessly fucks up into me. My cunt is sloppy with slick and semen.

Rogue takes the phone and pulls out of my cunt. He points it at my spread, swollen pussy and I feel the hot semen soup begin to ooze out of me without a cock to keep it in. He rubs his cock in my juices, urging the cum back inside, filming the way my greedy pussy tries to swallow his cock. He begins to fuck me with just the head, in and out, in and out, teasing the hell out of me. 

'Please, please, breed me more, I need more cock! Please fuck me'

Rogue slams his cock inside me once more and begins to pound me into the table. It is rough, and it is dirty. His fat slaps against my thighs and my stomach. He grunts and wheezes from his efforts. 

I wrap my legs around whatever of him I can. He fucks me, one deep, driving thrust after another, and. My pussy stretched around his cock clings tightly to it. Noises of squelching and slurping of my cunt clinging to his cock through semen. He grasps my hips and slams them against his. Forcing his cock as deep as he can on every thrust. I look down and stared mesmerized at his cock filling me again and again. I feel something coming, the heat building inside me at a rapid uncontrollable rate. My body locks up, my toes curl, I cover my mouth as wave after wave of pleasure rolls over me. I cry out into my hand. The Rogue groans from my cunt squeezing his dick through my orgasm. His face turns red and he releases his hot wet cum inside me.

This time it's too much semen and I can already feel cum oozing out of me. Rogue pulls out and the camera comes straight in to see the hot soup of my shame as the cum of four men leaks out of my abused pussy. 

The next session I turn up for we have six new members, a spreader bar and cuffs on the table and the video of last session playing on DM's big screen.

'Time to reward the Orc army,' DM says.