 (Here's something new that I wanted to try out, a story pitch that's a little different from A Secret Revealed. Whenever I've got something weird brewing in my head then I'll release a chapter of this. Basically, this won't be following a complex plot line, probably, and it's more for me to just experiment with my writing. Might as well put it up on Literotica and have an audience of judges. Expect weirder predicaments that not every one will be a fan of. You've been warned! Please tell me if I should continue with stuff like this and as usual I appreciate all kinds of feedback. Constructive criticism is more than welcome but please don't be rude about it. Hell, I'll even take requests for what you'd like to see next. This is for fun, so let's have a good time in my fantasy world of strange characters and creatures)



 - Chapter 1 : Beware of the Kveldulf - 

 Trailing through the mud behind her, a tattered cape was collecting all kinds of atrocities as she surged onward through the rain. A deep hood was able to protect her from the cold, along with a scarf that was wrapped around the lower half of her face for warmth. Her backpack rattled with spare parts and probably weighed as much as she did, and yet she slugged it over her shoulder without any complaints. The stone road was already becoming slippery and her skin was upturned with goosebumps down to the bone. She had to find a place to stay soon or maybe dump her bag's contents and crawl inside until the weather cleared up. Obviously the latter was quite undesirable to her, so shelter would be great.

 Up ahead, glowing auras were bobbing lightly through a cottage window. It was the only house she'd encountered on this road so far and it was a blessing to see it. Finding an unknown vigor, she turned her sluggish walking into a wobbly jog with her backpack loudly clattering after her. What a cozy place. Small and homey, a peaceful farmstead resided down a dirt path. Some livestock turned their heads to see her approaching but they gave her about as much attention as the rain...so not very much. They continued to move their jaws in creepy rhythms that gave off even creepier crunches when their teeth sliced through them. The girl shivered and focused on the towering front door, way larger than she was. Inside, she could hear faint movement and so she lifted her knuckle to the wood to give it a few light taps.

 A female's voice came through, questioning something, probably asking why someone was at the door at such an odd time. Another voice, a male replied to her, too muffled to hear properly. Then the door cracked open and a man stared out into the rain for a few seconds before dropping his vision to see the small girl. She was around half his size. His expression instantly softened. "Oh, hello little one" he crouched to her level to see inside her hood. Around her right eye a black symbol was boldly standing out to greet him. Almost like a spiral that convulsed inward to the whites of her hue. Her grassy eyes narrowed at him. "Are you lost? Where are you parents, child?" he asked her sincerely.

 Her face curled and she dragged a foot back before sending it hard into his shin. "I'm a woman, you bastard" she grit her teeth beneath the scarf. 

 He immediately shot up, holding his burning leg. "Gah! Wench! By Odin's command I would behead you!" wincing, he leaned against the door frame.

 "Whatever...", the girl turned on her heels, "...you Humans are all the same. Eat my ass", she said bitterly over her shoulder.

 The man could only watch as she marched away, back into the rain. "What in Hell?" he was more confused than anything but he decided to leave it be. Whatever her problem was, he didn't want to ignite her fuse again. 

 From inside the house, his wife appeared at his side with a puzzled expression. "Honey, what was that? Are you okay?" she rushed to his side.

 He smiled and rubbed his shin a bit more to soothe out the pain. "Nothing. It was just a Halfling".

 -

 "Achew!" she sneezed, not that much different from a kitten. Balling her fists, she rubbed her nose through the scarf and sniffled quietly. 

 "Aw, how adorable" the shopkeeper smiled warmly at her.

 "Shut up. How much can I get for this stuff?" standing on her toes, she maneuvered the backpack awkwardly on the counter so that she could take out a few plates of metal.

 His entire mood slouched from her attitude. Inspecting one of the plates, he bit down into its edge, causing it to bend slightly. "Silver?" he raised a brow.

 She nodded and showed him another three of the smooth chunks, all around the size of a Human's hand. "So, how much?".

 "Hmm", he scratched his beard, "seven Pieces for each".

 Biting her lip, she danced on that thought for a few moments. "Nine for each".

 "Sorry, kid, but that's pushing it don't you think?" his brows furrowed.

 "Eight for each" she stared down at her feet to contain her anger.

 "Alright, fine. Eight" finding a box behind his counter, he fished for thirty-two Pieces before setting them down on the table in neat rows of eights. 

 She opened up a small pouch and used her palm to push the rows inside, all clinking into their new home. "I might be back again this week" the coin purse was tied to her belt and she slung her backpack around her shoulder. Leaving the store, she was greeted by the moist, humid air. Someone finally woke up to do their damn job. Lazy ass sun sure took its time to spread Nephele's thighs and shed some light on the world. Staring up at the parting clouds, a shadow was suddenly cast over her. Turning her head, her gaze met with another woman's. Tall and of a brown complexion, a Human was caught staring at the Halfling. "What?" the short lady barked her question.

 The woman shook her head. "You're a long way from home, aren't you?" she spoke slowly, in broken tongue. English probably wasn't her first language.

 "Funny hearing that from someone like you" the Halfling snorted.

 Getting passed the passive-aggressive nature of the smaller being, she started to walk away, although she stopped only briefly to ask another question. "Your name?".

 The Halfling kept her mouth shut but the woman's eyes pierced into her own with a kind of sensation that felt strangely familiar, in a terrifying way. Quietly, her lips formed the words "Caco".

 Without another word, the Human ventured away, leaving Caco with a mind full of bustling thoughts...and fear.

 "Achew!" she sniffled again. Damn it. Maybe she shouldn't have kicked that guy's shin. Then she could've waited out the rain in comfort by a fire perhaps...but no, she exploded like usual at the mention of her size and then sat under a tree with only her bag as protection from the rain and cold. Fucking Humans. If it weren't for them, she wouldn't even be in this mess. All of her regrets crumbled to her feet and she glared at the city around her. It was all their fault. Their greed. They didn't deserve kindness...

 "Achew!".

 -

 Nothing beats a full belly of rum and steak, for money being well spent is money spent for well being. Caco sighed to free up space in her body and then rested her head against her seat. At least food was cheap for her since Humans didn't exactly know how to adjust the proportions so low. Her chair seemed way more comfortable than it actually was, probably due to her laziness after eating. But she denied herself the luxury of taking a nap. She wanted to be out of there before the sun struck directly overhead. If she hauled ass then she could make it to the next town over before night. There was a trader there that paid big for rabbit fur and she just so happened to gut one before the rain came. It's weird actually, now that she thought about it, how that rabbit was scared stiff that it didn't even notice her. Usually they were so vigilant, but this bunny was frozen in fear when she found it. Lucky break?

 Hopping down from her chair, she picked up her bag and got moving. She left a handful of Pieces on the table, only enough to pay for her meal and nothing else. If they thought they were getting a tip then she had bad news for them. Fucking Humans. On her way out, an elderly man by the door was blabbing some weird stories to everyone who was entering or leaving. Most people rolled their eyes to him, and some gave him a small bit of their time to hear him out but they all ultimately left with the same expression saying ‘He's insane'. Caco braced herself for his story as she neared the door but he suddenly fell silent when he saw her.

 Without her hood and scarf, her tattoo was openly exposed for all to see. Her messy, untamed brunette hair was barely long enough to touch her shoulders and it was naturally blown back with only a subtle, wavy fringe. The old man trembled and Caco stopped in front of him, puzzled by his strange behavior. An arm stretched for her, gripping her collar roughly. She instinctively fought against his hand but he was adamant to pull her closer. "Hey, hey! I'll cut your fuckin' jug, I swear!" her voice poured threats and insults like it was made to do so, but it didn't stop him. His rancid breath hit her cheek. "You smell like a bear's asshole! Let me go or I'll fuck up that shitty mouth of yours!".

 His eyes wide, he whispered the words as though they were a sin. "You will face the howl of the Kveldulf".

 Afterwards, his hands went slack and Caco backed away from him immediately. Fists clenched in front of her, she had half a mind to just deck him in the crotch with a good uppercut right in the jewels. His words did sink into her, though. The Kveldulf? Deciding that the old man was clearly out of his mind, she left him to his antics without punching his dick bag. What in the hell was he talking about...the Kveldulf...

 Aimlessly walking the streets, she pondered on what he had told her. She was shaken up by it, if she was honest with herself. Stopping dead in her tracks, she glanced down at her filthy overalls and she was suddenly aware of her odor. Maybe she could hang around the town for a little longer and freshen up. The idea of leaving town so soon didn't appeal to her anymore. Maybe the Kveldulf was waiting for her...whatever that was. Besides, rinsing her muddy clothes in the river would do her some good.

 -

 Throwing around a few extra Pieces at an inn can really pay off when it comes to service. All she had to do was tell one of the keepers that she was taking a bath and they rushed to boil some water for her. Buckets were lined up next to her tub by the time she was nude, all emitting pleasant steam into the air, heating up the entire room. A Human bath to her was like a tiny pool and so she eagerly vaulted inside. Her bag and clothes were sitting in her room, which she would wash after her own cleanliness was sated. First thing's first, she lifted a bucket into the tub and placed it down cautiously between her legs. As she waited for the water to settle, she clasped her hands together in front of her chest until her calm reflection stared back at her. 

 "Mom...dad...I haven't given up. I never will. Have faith in me, okay? I'll make everything better" she smiled weakly, allowing her hands to lower into the water. It burned her skin at first, but her Halfling heritage quickly adapted to it, turning the unbearable heat to soothing warmth. Dwarves were hardy and resistant to most conditions but Halflings had them beat when it came to survivability. Halflings were very few in number but they could live anywhere in any climate and any hardship. They naturally adapted to their surroundings to make their lives easier to flourish. Really cold? Extra body fat in less than a week. Really hot? They disperse heat from their skin. Near water? Bigger lungs for swimming longer. No males to reproduce? The females can grow a fuckin' dick if they need one! 

 Once she had adjusted herself to the water's temperature, she grabbed the bucket and lifted it over her head. The heat cascaded down her back and with it came a layer of dirt. She briefly tilted her head back to rinse her hair, too. It didn't last very long until the first bucket was tossed aside. Clawing at her knotted strands, she was able to straighten it out, somewhat. Another bucket up, she poured it down her chest and on her shoulders, then it joined the other on the floor. Her hands found her small, perky breasts and she wiped herself down to her toned stomach. People would often compare Dwarves to Halflings. Dwarves appeared stout and built like machines, closer relatives to Orcs. On the other hand, Halflings were rather petite and dainty, kinda like Elves. Caco was a rare exception because she was quite well-built for a Halfling, but that's just because of her long travels. Still, she remained as a small package.

 The bath was heavenly and she was getting absorbed in the tranquil moment. She only realized that she was out of water when she reached for another bucket but was disappointed to find nothing beside her tub. Groaning, she pushed herself up and hopped out of the tub to look for something that she could use to dry off. Neatly folded on the floor was a thick blanket of mammoth fur, the fluffiest towel you could get. The fur was hoisted over her shoulders and she wrapped herself up in the heavy coverage while she made her way to her bed. So warm... Dropping to the mattress, she was out like a candlelight before she could even think about the consequences.

 -

 "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck..." Caco burst out of the inn's doors, bag in hand and hood being pulled over her hair. Dark already? "Fuck!" she shouted at the sky, most likely waking the neighbors. She wanted to get cleaned up, not sleep for the entire God damn day. If she didn't get to the other town by morning then she was going to miss the traveling merchant group. They always had great deals and she could fill a couple pouches from the resale alone. Plus they were open to barter anything that she wanted to trade. But that wouldn't matter if she missed them!

 Slipping her hands through the bag's straps, she sprinted out the town's gate. Following the road would take the whole night and she could possibly be too late. But maybe if she took a shortcut through the forest and take the path between those hills, just maybe she could save a few hours. What's the worst that could happen? She'd dealt with bandits before on her own and dangerous animals were few and far between in these parts. Although she'd only taken this route once before and that was in broad daylight. Swallowing her fear, she drifted off to the side, taking a branching pathway that led up into the hills. It's not far. Suck it up and keep moving.

 Her loud as Hell bag wasn't helping. It bounced harshly every time she hopped over a rock or dodged around a tree, sometimes getting snagged on a low-hanging branch which caused all kinds of problems. Finally, after wading through dense foliage and following the vague path through to a clearing, she met with a slope. She glanced up to see that the steep incline led up to a rocky passage between the hills, exactly where she needed to go. Exhaling loudly, she patted her belt to look for something. There was a small lump by her hip which she dug around in to retrieve a pair of leather gloves that were made from a Troll's hide. Their entire body was like sandpaper because they spent a lot of time up in snowy regions where they needed to cling to mountainsides. Having gloves made of that stuff was a blessing in moments like this.

 Thrusting her digits against the slope, with great effort, she started to crawl up. If she didn't have her bag, she could've probably done this without her gloves but for the time being she would need to carry double her weight up, pretty much. The slope wasn't large for a Human, but she wasn't a Human, now was she? So, giving it all her might, she reached the point where the dirt subtly curved into solid ground. Her legs searched for something to stand on, finding a boulder protruding from the side. With a kick, she was able to pull herself onto flat land and she gave a sigh of relief. That bath meant nothing in the grand scheme of things. Climbing this little hill was enough to get her right back to square one.

 She got to her feet and dusted off her overalls before continuing. Now it was smooth sailing to the next town. This path would swerve around the hills and take her directly to Dagny. Moving her bag straps to fit her shoulders correctly, she jogged down the road, unaware of what she would soon witness.

 Damn, there were more twists and turns than she remembered, and the hills obstructed any view beyond where she was. She was lost. "Come on..." she whined, nearing yet another set of splitting paths. At this point, she didn't even know if either of them led to where she wanted to go, but she had to decide. Well, the one of the right would make more sense since it's the general direction, so that's the one she chose. The further she strolled, however, the more unsure she was becoming. Entering a wide, rocky area, she came to a halt and stared into an abyss of darkness. A cave passage? Did she go through a cave last time? She couldn't remember. But it was so horrifyingly concealed in pitch-black that she couldn't even see a meter in front of her.

 As she neared it, short huffs and growls could be heard from deep within. They sounded pained or frustrated, but undeniably bestial. Nope. She sharply turned away. Nope. She would rather head back and take her chances with the weird fuckin' maze of roads. Nope. Nope. Nope.

 But as soon as her back faced the cave, an ear piercing howl boomed all around her. Going pale with fear, she ran as fast as her stubby legs would let her. Vicious thuds and clacks were enough to tell her that something big was quickly gaining on her. It's grunts felt like they were warming the back of her neck and she increased her pace a little too much. Her boot caught one of the rocks and she was sent tumbling forward, her bag flying off off of her shoulder to crash a little ways ahead of her.. This was the end of her. Rolling onto her back, she was able to see the golden, savage slants of it's black eyes. Taller than an Orc, more terrifying than any nightmare she'd ever had, a massive white-furred beast lunged at her. It's claws opened, each big enough to wrap around the tiny Halflings body with ease. One of its talons found her cheek and she knew it was over. She shut her eyes and cringed.

 There was a sharp tug and the sound of chains rattling. The beast cried out in anguish, choking and whimpering loudly from the whiplash. Slamming onto its back, the beast scrambled to get back onto its feet and then clawed at its collar. Caco hesitantly opened her eyes, finally seeing what all the commotion was about. Now that it was further away, she could see exactly what the beast was. Sharing similarities of both wolf and man, it stood on its hind legs but was covered from head to toe in thick, tangled fur. The rabid monster had a look of pure anger in its eyes as it tried to break the chain around its neck but to no avail. Pinned sloppily by sharp nails to each wrist and ankle were more chains, all of them leading somewhere into the cave. It's blood streamed down the steel links the more it struggled, making Caco grit her teeth from just watching. 

 It must be in so much pain.

 The way the chains were setup, at the end of its range, the beast's hands were held behind its back while its head was slightly more forward, allowing it to glare down at the Halfling. Caco was still paralyzed at the beast's paws, meeting its eyes with her own. Growling and baring its teeth, the beast barked at her with saliva forming around its chin, dripping ever so often. Something else was leaking profusely onto her leg. Slowly bringing her gaze to its stout chest and tensing abdomen, she regained the life in her legs when she saw what was twitching between its thighs. She hopped back, mouth wide. The beast barked again and its cock drooled another bead of transparent liquid to its base. It was huge, like the length of her arm, at least. Clenching with need below it, a furry sac was aching just as badly. 
