 Here's chapter 2 of Dynamite. Please check out the previous chapter if you haven't already. If fantasy and weird stuff isn't your cup of tea then please pop in to read A Secret Revealed, instead. Futa warning, obviously. I'd like Dynamite to be more involved with my readers, so here's your chance to request a custom character. Dynamite is something small for fun, so please leave your character idea as a comment or as feedback. All I ask is for your character's general appearance, nothing too restricting, and also their personality type. If you want something specific regarding their role in the story then please slip that in, too. I'll try my best to stick to character and bring them to life. Be creative, be crazy. And as always, please enjoy my newest chapter.

*****

- Chapter 2: The foreign Beauty and the abandoned Beast -

"You there! Would you like to see our wares?" a bubbly man threw an open palm at his merchandise, displaying small stands of jewelry. Necklaces, bracelets, rings and trinkets, he had them all.

Caco nodded when she was called out of the crowd and grabbed the edge of the table to make herself taller. Peering at all the shinies, her hues sparkled with interest. One of them caught her eye in a special way. "How much for this one?" hooking a delicate, golden chain from the bunch, she lifted it up until its symbol hung valiantly below it. Engraved with the skill of a true master, an outline of a sitting wolf was embedded within a steel circle, almost like a moon rising behind the beast.

The man smiled broadly "An eye for good craftsmanship, eh? Six Pieces and it's yours."

"Awesome" she exhaled, drawing the word out with her gratitude. As expected, the traveling merchant group still had the best prices for everything you could think of. Only six Pieces for something so beautiful? Hell yeah! She found her coin purse and slapped the Pieces down on the table. Necklace in hand, she wormed her way through the crowds, only catching glimpses of the other stores because of her height. Maybe she could get a better view from a little further away. Swimming and clawing her way through a sea of Humans, she finally popped out of the back. She swallowed a gulp of fresh air and then turned to check out what the district had for her. Well, she'd need to empty her bag at the nearest mineral trader, and also a stop at the leather maker to sell her rabbit hide. Then she would have a full coin purse to spend on all her luxuries.

Drifting her gaze to the necklace, she stared deeply at its symbol. That beast, the Kveldulf, was still up in that cave, still in pain. She needed to find some people to help her and maybe they could free it. But would that be the right thing to do? It's a monster, isn't it? Those eyes, those sad, sorrowful eyes. No, the beast was harmless. Looking up at the booming businesses, she had come to her decision. Diving right back into the crowd, she danced her way through to an opening.

"Sir?" Caco appeared from the swarming Humans, standing up on her toes and waving her hand to try and get the shopkeeper's attention. Behind the table, a rough looking guy was slicing up a hunk of venison into thin strips. "Sir!" she raised her voice but he didn't even glance at her. Curling her lip downward, she groaned. For a while, she watched as he simply chopped through the raw meat. When he was done with a slab then he would push the thin bits aside and grab another one to swat onto the table. Getting fed up with his bullshit routine, Caco spoke up. "Damn it, I just want a small bag of that" she huffed.

The man, without skipping a beat, reached into his pocket to take out a thin leather sack. He held it open with his thumb and forefinger and grabbed a few handfuls of the strips to stuff inside. Presenting the full bag to her, his other hand opened to show all of his fingers. Still, he remained silent.

For a while, she was confused but then it clicked in her mind. "Oh! Five Pieces for it?" she asked, giddy about such a low price.

He slowly turned his head left and right to decline. Again, his hand made the same motion, opening completely.

"Ten?" she said, less enthusiastic.

This time, he nodded and lowered the bag to her reach.

She sighed and pinched the bag from his sturdy grip, replacing it with ten Pieces. "Thanks, I guess" the words came out as a low grumble as she slotted the sack into her backpack. At least now she had something to give to the Kveldulf. How long had it been chained up in that cave? When last did it eat? She was hoping that this would be enough for it, so that maybe it wouldn't go on a rampage when they set it free. But for now, she only a had a couple more hours before the traveling merchant group was going to leave, and then they would be gone for at least another moon rotation. This was the tiny bit of good fortune that she always looked forward to, so she wouldn't let it go to waste. Besides, she still had a bag full of goods to be sold, and so little time...

The mineral trader was generous as always, paying almost double the amount of Pieces for her rare metals and ores than the general stores would normally give. For the first time in weeks, she resorted to using a second coin purse since her first one was overflowing. A wide smile on her face, her back straightened out without so much weight on her shoulders, she hummed through the crowd. What a great day. With her main concern taken care of, she scanned for anything worth buying, like a new scarf, perhaps? Her grassy hues settled on a certain armored figure who stood with his arms behind his back. Proudly wearing the town's flag on his uniform, Caco assumed that he was a guard. Maybe he could help with the beast.

Carefully watching over the district, the man was torn from his concentration by a soft tug on his hand. He glanced down to see the Halfling woman. "Yes, what's the problem?" he inquired.

"There's an animal chained up in the hills. I think it's in pain" she pointed at the distant, blurry mountains. 

"An animal?" he raised a brow, losing most of his interest in Caco's words. "Listen, uh, I've got more important stuff to do than hike to the hills and back for someone's pet."

She balled her fists. "You don't care that it's hurt? You don't care that it's scared and alone?" she bared her teeth at him.

"Look, I'm sorry" he lazily shrugged. "My orders are to make sure everything is alright here."

Clenching her hand and maneuvering it by her side, she glared up at him. "Fucking Humans and your selfish way of thinking. All of you can rot in a sea of shit for all I care!" sending her fist directly at his crotch, there was a loud clap, but not what she was expecting. Someone's hand was wrapped around her own, stopping her punch right in front of the guard's junk. 

The man backed away, gripping his sword's hilt. "Watch it, Halfling. We have to tolerate your kind as it is. Don't push me" his words bit into her.

Caco's hues burned with hatred and she struggled against the person who was holding her back. "Say that again, you bastard!" she dared him. Still, she couldn't get loose. Her gaze shot to the person beside her. "For fuck's sake. Let me go!" she yelled, but then her entire attitude was frozen over. A woman, the same dark brown skin, the same flowing raven hair, the same look in her eyes. "You again?" Caco questioned. "I saw you yesterday".

"I'm sorry about her" the woman yanked Caco away from the guard. "She has a short fuse."

Clearing his throat noisily, he eased his stance. "Just make sure she stays in her place, or we'll put her there."

The woman bowed in agreement and then turned to march further out of the crowd with Caco helplessly being dragged behind her. "What the fuck was that about?" Caco growled but the woman didn't say another word until they were alone between two buildings.

"Whatever business you have with that animal, you better stop it" she sharply threw Caco forward, causing the Halfling to stumble a few steps.

Caco placed a hand against one of the buildings to stabilize herself. Hearing about the beast, her anger dispersed as quickly as it formed. "So you know about it, too?" she sought answers.

"They won't understand," The woman replied sternly. "So keep it to yourself. Understand?" her fierce hues could turn a raging bull in the opposite direction.

"B-but...", Caco shivered from her glare, "...It's all alone. It's scared."

"Keep it to yourself" she repeated, crunching the gravel beneath her bare feet as she walked off.

Caco's gaze turned downward, darting every once in a while to see the woman. Finally working up the courage, she puffed out her chest and yelled the words "What's your name?"

The Human didn't respond.

-

A tankard of bubbling, red liquid stood before her. Her hands cradled the steel cup gently, her fingertips tapping its sides leisurely. Its potent aroma stuffed her nose and made her lightheaded, just the way she liked it. The most expensive drink on the menu that she'd been dying to taste again, and she couldn't even enjoy it. Night had descended around her, the traveling merchants had long since departed North and the streets were once again dry. She hadn't checked on the beast like she said she would, mainly because of that Human woman's warning. How did she know about it? Why should they just leave it in pain? So many questions and the only person who could answer them wouldn't even spare her name. Caco stood with her tankard and made her way out of the bar. Perhaps some fresh air could clear her head.

When the moon's reflection shone in her drink, she glanced up. It was sitting at a slight angle, around the same time that she saw the beast just a day ago. As she lifted the cup to her lips, a distant howl echoed through the hills. She raised a brow and several of the town's dogs pitched in. Each threw their head up to the moon, filling the night with their conjoined voices. Everyone eventually woke up, either to see what was going on or to quiet their hounds. Still, the most distinct and familiar howl came from far away. The beast was calling to her? Caco headed back inside, slamming her cup down and tossing the bag over her shoulders. To Hell with what that Human said. It's not like she gave a fuck about what any of them said, so why would she listen this time? That poor thing needed her.

-

By the time she arrived at the branching paths, an orange aura was peeking over the horizon. It was a long walk, but it was necessary. The beast didn't stop howling, and it fueled the Halflings determination. Turning down the pathway, she made her way into a familiar rocky clearing. There, chained exactly the same as the night before, the beast was sitting on all fours with its snout to the sky. Another piercing howl filled the canyon before Caco made herself known. "I'm here!" she opened her palms at her sides. Immediately, the beast's voice died down and its tail wagged excitedly against the harsh ground. Shooting forward, it sprinted at her like a dog running to greet its master, but it inevitably reached the end of its chain. It growled in pain but still continued to struggle. The beast's claws gave off skin-crawling creeks as it fought to get closer to Caco.

The Halfling hesitantly inched towards the beast, making sure to stay at least a good meter out of its range. She sidestepped around it a few times to try and see where the chains were disappearing to, but it was too dark to tell. Another whimper, the beast stared at her with wide, needy hues. "I don't know what to do" Caco said honestly, throwing her hand to the side in anger. 

Backing off slightly, allowing the chains to droop, the beast cocked its head.

"What?" She asked, getting agitated.

The beast sunk to its haunches and eased, although its gaze was locked onto her backpack.

Slowly realizing what the beast wanted, Caco rolled her bag off her shoulder and searched for something. When she found the sack of meat, she lifted it and gave the material a small shake. "This? Well, I did buy it for you" she shrugged and cautiously approached the beast. It obediently waited until she set it down just within its reach. Then, as she stood up, the beast's claw swiped it before the snowy fur darted back into its cave. She couldn't see what was happening because of the darkness, but she could hear everything; How the leather bag was torn in half with ease, the meat scattering to the floor in heaps, the beast violently snapping at each strip, ripping and gulping down its meal. But then it was quiet. The beast emerged slowly, a tint of crimson outlining the fur of its maw. Its bestial golden slants retracted as they were stuck by the moonlight, returning to a more welcoming oval shape.

Caco placed her backpack on the ground and then sat down on it. Made to carry a load of rocks and ores, it was almost as sturdy as a shield. She watched silently while the beast neared, both of them unsure of the other's company. The chain told it to stop and it did so, taking a seat on its hind legs near the Halfling.

Finally, Caco spoke. "You're a girl, aren't you?" her gaze exploring the ragged beast and its...masculine...feature. Just like before, the beast's cock was solid and drooling with need, so much so that its entire shaft seemed to glisten slightly. Multi-sexual creatures weren't exactly foreign in her world. Hell, she could grow a dick herself if she wanted to, but she opted for it to be hidden because of the uncomfortable chafing. Walking with a big ass backpack was enough; She didn't need a dick getting in the way, too. But this creature was, well, undeniably male in its appearance. That voice, though, she could have sworn that she heard a woman's voice the other night.

As she pondered, she propped her head up on her palm and blankly stared into the beast's eyes. They were beautiful in their primal nature. If anything, its eyes were the most feminine thing about it. Sad, lonely, desperate. Her finger absentmindedly dipped between her lips and she chewed on her fingernail. The beast's fur raised on its back and its hips pushed forward out of instinct. Caco was dragged out of her thoughts by a low whine. Turning her gaze forward, she saw the beast's cock being presented to her, throbbing just like the night before.

"Hmm..." she tapped her cheek, "Maybe one more time". She couldn't just let the thing loose, so this was a good alternative. Scooting forward on her backpack, she got as close as she could without being in danger of the beast's limbs. Its cock jutted proudly in front of her face but she ignored it for the time being. "Geez, hold your horses. You'll like this better" rolling onto her stomach, she undid her uniform and threw it to the side, along with her hood and underwear. Bare before the beast, she raised her tiny rump to it, using her backpack to make up for the height issue. Face down, she spread her cheeks, revealing the subtle cut of her flower, just barely visible on her miniature form. Thrusting out of aching desire, the beast strained to get closer but was just out of her reach. Its animalistic senses going crazy from the sweet aroma of the Halfling's dew.

Caco didn't want to hurt herself on the beast's massive appendage, so she very carefully brought her hips towards it. The tip nudged her entrance, flatly pushing against her slit and covering it completely. If she were a Human, she'd be scared right about now, but her Halfling blood ensured a safe entry. Grunting, the beast humped forward as Caco continued her descent. Every desperate thrust met her taut lips, simply sliding away from them because of her tightness. The Halfling widened her thighs to help but it didn't do much. When the beast noticed that its nudging wasn't doing the trick, it opted for a new tactic. Leaning forward in its bonds, it used all of its weight to force downward into her waiting snatch. Without all the movement and only a rigid pole as he objective, Caco could focus on somehow getting it inside of her.

Wriggling her hips and bouncing against the beast's cock, she felt her petals spreading for it. Her body was preparing itself, as she predicted. Then, with a long, drawn out moan, she rolled her hips back and took the first few inches, instantly coiling around it from shock. She squeezed it so tight that the beast's growl came out as half a whimper. But instead of pulling away, it tried to push even deeper, getting choked by its bonds. Caco's fingers left dark red marks on her spread cheeks as they cringed. The pain didn't last for long, though. Within no time she had adapted to it and eased into pleasure. Her hitched breaths turned into sultry groans as her hips rolled in the air, stirring up her tight hole with the beast's rod. Once the shock left her system, her snatch worked to accommodate the new girth filling it but still remained as compact as ever. The only difference was her capability to handle more.

Taking a moment to get used to the feeling, Caco placed her palms against her bag and pushed up on all fours. This way, she was in control of how deep she would allow it to go. Behind her, the beast's hues seemed to be glazed over, like its mind was swirling with desire. It whined and bucked restlessly so Caco gave it what it wanted. With great difficulty, she sat back, stretching herself as the cock tore deeper inside. She winced and would randomly spasm around its length but she kept going until it hit the final obstruction. A tingling sensation flooded the pink tunnel as her love hole was pecked. The Halfling squirted her hot dew and gave a squeak, coating the beast's rod and moistening its sac with her scent. She bit her lip, coming to an immediate halt. Only half of its cock was buried inside of her and it was already threatening to enter her womb.

Before she could even give the word to go, the beast reeled its hips back and thrust into her with all its strength. Caco's backpack audibly scraped the rocky floor and she braced herself with a loud grunt. "Hey! I didn't..." she was interrupted by the feeling of her slit becoming suddenly empty, only to be filled again to the brim with the beast's cock. Her body being so tiny in comparison, she could almost be lifted off the ground by its solid length, alone. To make sure that she didn't, she held onto the bag for dear life. The beast panted and bucked wildly, whining every time she convulsed and squeezed it. So tight that it would slow the beast's thrusts slightly, making it work twice as hard to penetrate her flexing tunnel. 

Caco's mouth had fallen open and a thin string of saliva was dripping from her chin. Every thrust was like an orgasm to her and she repeatedly squirted when the tip found her womb. She was in a state of total bliss. But it was frustrating for the beast, only having a portion of its cock massaged in the sweet, moist Halfling vice. Aching for release, it growled, but there was nothing it could do. So it kept thrusting, harder than a punch, faster than a horse's gallop. The chains always stopped it, and the Halfling wasn't allowing it to go any deeper. This would just have to suffice. Ignoring the restrictions, the beast tried to focus on every amazing detail. A Halfling's pussy was always a snug fit, but this was insane. Without their ability to adapt, Caco would probably be unconscious from the pain, but instead she was matching the beast's vigor, following its rhythm.

With a loud roar, the beast's sac churned and throbbed, pumping up its thick, denied seed. One pulse filled the Halfling's womb and her limbs gave away. Eyes rolling, Caco collapsed to her stomach, still high enough for the beast's tip to nestle inside of her flower while still shooting its cream. What felt like buckets of the syrupy cum bubbled and sloshed inside of her, quickly being forced out of her abused slit. The beast's hips couldn't stop their desperate humping, causing the cream to make a messy puddle on the ground by Caco's bag. Only growls, whimpers and moans could be heard as its orgasm continued for minutes on end. Then, as the Halfling regained her strength, she crawled forward, just enough for the beast's cock to pop out of her hole. Another stream of the gooey seed poured out of her and the beast shot a final rope onto her back, leaving a white trail up the Halfling's spine.
