 Been a long time coming huh? Not gonna bore anyone with excuses. This has taken a while to do for various reasons, and I'm not gonna give hope for when anything else is gonna be released. My creative-writing is being sated by other means but if I ever feel a rush of inspiration then I might write something up for this site. But anyways, enjoy part 3/3 of the Kveldulf saga. This story is only just beginning.

*****

- Chapter 3: Sisters -

Her sister? Caco nibbled on her fingernail in thought. Despite that woman's words, Caco headed for the hills once again. Night had descended behind her but she didn't really notice until utter darkness had surrounded her. The moonlight was trapped behind a thick blockage of black clouds and the smell of distant rain was subtle in the air. Without a doubt, there would be a storm soon. She nodded to the sky and then crunched to a halt in front of the last splitting pathway. Was this the only solution? Frowning at the ground, she balled her fists. Nothing had changed. It was still in pain. It was still alone. It was still trapped. All she was able to do was spend a little bit of time with it and bring some food every now and then, but what was that achieving? Absolutely nothing. 

She shook those thoughts away to continue on her path. "It's more than anyone else has done..." she tried to reassure herself but the words were drowned by distant thunder, as if even Thor was denying her pitiful excuses. 

There was only one solution and it terrified her to the pit of her stomach. Could she actually let the thing free? But why was it chained up in the first place? Of course it's dangerous...but...

All of that faded when her grassy hues found that familiar white fur sitting obediently in wait for its owner. Unlike those other times, the beast remained calm, although its tail began to wag happily against the rocks when it caught sight of her. Its soft, gentle eyes only had joy in them. Caco approached it with guilt tugging on her heart. Another day had passed and the beast was still hopeful that she would let it free. And what made it worse is that the beast would probably never lose that hope or spirit. If she just disappeared, it would continue waiting for her everyday, waiting for that simple act of kindness that would never come.

"I have some more food," she broke the silence and dug around in her backpack, "You liked the rabbit last time, so I went hunting."

Whether it understood her or not, she felt like talking would help somehow. Retrieving a cloth-wrapped heap, she placed it near the beast and then got comfortable on her bag, as usual. The beast eyed it's meal gleefully and pulled it closer once Caco had backed away. And, as usual, it sprinted back into its cave to scarf it down, away from any prying eyes. By the time it returned, Caco was in the process of undressing herself, much to the beast's excitement. All part of their 'agreement'. It was both funny and scary to Caco that such a strange occurrence had become normal for her. This week's routine was surely not something she could have predicted.

The beast approached her on all fours, tail swaying to and fro, golden ovals glowing with joy. It hit the end of its chain and that gleeful expression faltered for a moment, realizing that Caco was still just slightly out of its reach. Whining softly, the beast scratched at its collar to no avail and rested back on its haunches in wait.

"I know," Caco had removed her overalls and places them neatly on top of her bag to create a padded area for her to sit on. She hopped up, completely nude and gestured for the beast to come closer, "Come on. I'll make you feel better," she smiled sweetly at it.

Even in its saddened state, the beast was lulled towards her words, excitement taking form in its beautiful hues. Chains pulling back on its wrists and neck, it pushed its pelvis up, the massive member standing at attention. The sight never seemed to amaze the tiny Halfling girl. She swore she could use it as club to beat people up with. That image made her chuckle to herself and she leaned forward to mush her lips against its tip. The beast grunted and rolled its hips to meet her. She turned her head and allowed half of its length to slide across her tongue and over her shoulder like a spear. There, she sucked on the side of it and let go with a loud pop, making the beast shudder and hold its position while she continued to leave hickeys along its shaft. 

Finally reaching the tip once more, she took it in her mouth and swallowed it down her throat in one go. Practice made it quite easy, but still she wouldn't dare to take more than half of it. She bobbed slowly, sinking half of it down her throat and swallowing around it a few times before withdrawing and then coming back down again. The beast shivered as warmth convulsed around its length at such a heavenly rhythm and it didn't take long before its massive sac went taut. Every muscle strained as it unloaded a bucketful of thick cream down her gullet, followed by some equally impressive spurts before it came to a stop. Caco hadn't moved at all while the member pulsed in her throat. She simply continued swallowing and milking it of every last drop.

After a few seconds, the beast humped her mouth. Always eager for another round. She pulled back, much to the beast's dissatisfaction, however when she started to turn around and raise her rump then it seemed to purr again. Caco touched her belly where the hot seed had filled her. Better than a full course meal. She spread her ass cheeks and rocked back until the beast's cock was close enough to touch her flower. At that point the beast was jutting in its confines to shorten the gap even more, but without any success because of the painful chains. Instead, pushed itself to the very end of the chains and waited for its master to make her move.

"Easy now, okay. That thing can tear me in half," she half-joked as she started to descend upon its thickness. Again, it took a little while before her Halfling heritage would even allow that huge cock to enter her, but it eventually happened. The tip popped inside her, eliciting a sharp inhale from Caco and a deep growl from the beast. So tight that it actually hurt a little to be inside her, like a vice. Slowly but surely the cock disappeared inside of her, forming a thick bulge in her belly from its sheer size. Only halfway inside, Caco stopped and allowed the beast to take over.

Immediately, the beast began to hump at her with a ferocious vigor. The power of its length would rock Caco's bag and cause a ruckus against the stone floor. Caco clutched on for dear life and groaned like a whore in heat, desperately trying not to literally fall unconscious because of the relentless fucking. It was strange. The beast was never this rough with her before. Sure, it was strong, but now it was actively trying to shove its entire length inside of her. The chains rattled nonstop and an eerie sound could be heard from deeper inside the cave, a creaking, tearing sound. Caco was too lost in la la land to even notice, and neither did the beast until it was too late.

One of the chains snapped.

Caco's hues shot open as suddenly a huge furred claw wrapped around her hip. There was a pause and even the beast seemed stunned for a moment, completely halting its thrusts. Its claws twitched with life against the Halfling's side before tightening around her stomach and back, completely grabbing her in its hand. Caco could only whisper, "Oh no," before she heard the backpack scraping towards the beast as she tried her hardest to not get pulled away. Digging her fingers into the fabric, her mouth fell open as the cock pushed deeper than it had ever gone before, pushing into her womb and stretching it to fit the beast's entire cock. A furry sac touched her butt. The beast's tongue lolled in ecstasy, finally having its cock fully embedded in her flower. She had tears welling in her eyes and she sunk her teeth into the fabric to muffle a cry.

The beast moved its claw forward, dragging Caco all the way to the tip before sliding back to the hilt, using her entire body like a sex toy. Limbs hanging helplessly on the bag, Caco was in a state of pain and fear that almost paralyzed her. There was no hope for her to get away, and she knew this. Before long, the beast was pumping its length with her body and growling in pleasure at the sky. Sounds of its moist sac slapping her bare ass echoed through the mountain, followed by a piercing howl. It hilted inside of her and held her tightly as a flood of cum filled her womb. She groaned and instinctively held her growing belly as wave after wave hosed straight into her love chamber. There was so much that it began to work its way back up and leak profusely down the beast's thighs and sac until they were drenched.

Finally sated and its initial animalistic desire fading, the beast eased and slid itself out of Caco. More cum emptied from her slit and fell like a ragdoll onto the bag, still holding her stomach, still crying into the fabric. 

Breathing heavily, the beast sat back on its haunches to regain its strength. But in the silence of the mountains, it heard her sniffling. Panic set in and the beast pulled the backpack into the range of its chains to move Caco onto her back. The poor Halfling had tears streaming down her cheeks and a terrified expression. Brushing a claw against Caco's cheek, the beast wiped her tears away with a sincere look of guilt in its eyes. It had no idea that it was hurting her so much. 

Another tear fell from the sky and hit Caco on the forehead, and then another on the tip of the beast's nose. It looked up at the swirling black clouds that were beginning to shower down on them. Looking down at her again, Caco didn't seem to be able to move much and her eyes were simply closed as the rain pelted her skin. She was going to freeze out here. 

Cupping the bag and Caco with both claws, the beast held her gently to its chest and stood upright. Barely conscious in the monster's arms, Caco could only vaguely remember being carried to the cave before she passed out.

-

When she finally awoke again, the blaring sound of rain could still be heard, but she was not wet. She was on her side, staring out of the cave entrance where the storm was still raging. Fear struck her and she sat upright once she realized exactly where she was. Still on her backpack, but somewhere very terrifying. Glancing around the cave, her heart sunk when she saw a giant white form sitting on its haunches and staring back at her. It was dark, however those big beautiful golden ovals were hard to mistake as anything else. The beast's tail wagged once Caco noticed it. Leading for a short ways to the end of the cave, 5 chains were embedded into the stone wall by heavy duty locks, however, one of them had broken loose near the lock and was now just nailed to the beast's one wrist. 

"You dragged me in here?" Caco's voice broke the silence. 

The beast simply nodded and scratched her backpack softly with one claw.

Caco swallowed hard and looked the beast dead in the eye, "You can go free... so why didn't you go?"

There was no hesitation as the beast got on all fours and brushed its nose against Caco's cheek.

"Me?" she asked and rubbed its neck with both hands, feeling where the collar was tangled in its fur.

Purring, the beast licked her face a few times before backing away and looking her in the eyes. They were sad. This beautiful creature locked away, in pain, shackled, alone, and all it wanted was someone to give it a little bit of love. 

Without another moment of hesitation, Caco hopped off her bag and fished inside for a pair of metal cutters. The beast watched her carefully but remained still. She squeezed the handle a few times and the thick blades scissored past one another. "Hold still, alright? This'll hurt if you don't, she warned and the beast nodded to her. Carefully, Caco climbed up its side, with a lot of help from its claw helping her along. She sat on its back and angled the one blade under the collar and gave it a hard squeeze until there was a snap and the sound of metal dropping to the floor. The beast shook its head a little and purred. Next were the shackles on its wrists that had nails holding them in. She took her time with those and made sure that she took them off slowly. The beast whined but didn't fight her at all. It knew that she was trying to help. Lastly, the two shackles on its ankles, holding on in a similar fashion as the wrists. They were the worst to remove as the beast kicked in pain involuntarily, but she was able to remove them.

Completely free, the beast rubbed its ankles and wrists, however something very peculiar began to happen. The holes from the nails seemed to vanish, leaving only scars behind where they used to be. "Wow. You're already healed," she inspected its wounds in awe. The beast wrapped its hands around her tiny form again and held her closely, snuggling her against its chest and licking her face softly. "Aww, come on. It was nothing," she giggled but the beast wasn't letting go. There were too many feeling that it needed to get out, and so Caco simply hugged it back. That lasted for a couple of minutes of pure silence before Caco shifted in its hold and laid down on her back in its forearms to stare out at the rain. Running her hands through its fur, she smiled naughtily, "We might be here for a while."

The beast looked down at her with that same excitement in its eyes.

Leaning down, it licked her cheek and down her neck. Caco touched the sides of its ears and played with them between her fingertips. It lifted her even more so that her chest was at eye level and it gently lapped at her small, perky breasts. Moaning, she held onto its claws and arched her back towards it. That thick tongue took long, slow drags across her hardening nipples, painting them with saliva before the beast pressed its teeth to her flesh and nibbled very carefully. Continuing down, the tongue lathered her chest and down her belly until it flatly dragged along her slit. She widened her legs, resting almost completely on her back in its palms. To her, it looked as though the beast was biting her lower half, but in actuality it was just holding its maw open over her pelvis as its tongue parted her flower and coated it with spit.

The Halfling held onto the beasts cheeks and panted as it began to enter her. A long, juicy tongue pried her flower open and flicked at her core, delving as deep as her womb. It twisted inside of her and licked her deepest spots with a certain finesse that a cock could never do. Her entire pussy was being stimulated at once by this wiggling, hard muscle. It was difficult to tell which collection of juices was flowing out of her, whether it was the wolf's saliva or her own cream. Within no time she was yelling at the cave's roof and shuddering as a gush of her pollen rolled down the wolf's tongue. It kept going, swirling its tongue in her vice until she stopped shaking and seemed to deflate in the beast's hands. 

Relinquishing its tongue from her tight hole, it licked its maw and nuzzled against her belly. Caco chuckled in her post-orgasmic daze and ran her hands along its snout. After a while, she finally spoke again, "I want it inside me," she said down to its bright hues and it nodded. The beast gently lowered her to its twitching cock and gave a short grunt as warning before sinking inside of her. This time, it only dragged her down halfway before stopping. They both shuddered before the beast started to move inside of her, taking slow strokes to the halfway point before pulling out again. Pressing her face into the wolf's luxurious fur, Caco breathed heavily and allowed herself to be at the wolf's complete will. But it was gentle, nothing like what happened before. This was no longer just animalistic desire, but sensual love-making. 

Caco broke first as she pressed her hands into its fur and trembled once again, creaming herself on the massive length. The wolf slowed and held her for a few moments until she came down from her high. Pearly liquid dripped down its cock from her flower. Without slipping out of her, it hunched over her backpack and placed her on top of it. Outstretching both claws on either side of the bag, the beast humped her slowly, now pushing itself a little deeper. Caco's feet lifted and her toes cringed against the beast's fur as the backpack shook under its raw strength. She moaned loudly, reaching up to grasp its fur. The beast grunted and picked up the pace a little more until they were going at a steady beat. Claws digging into the stone ground, the beast breathed heavily slowed as that tingling sensation worked up its cock. 

Yanking out at the last second, it rested its cock on her stomach as it throbbed with need. Noticing this, Caco closed her thighs around it and pressed her forearms against the sides of her breasts to hold them in place. Without skipping a beat, the wolf hilted in her thighs, pushing its tip up to squeeze between her breasts. A few more thrusts was all it took for it to visibly strain and spurt a heavy load across Caco's chest and face. It humped throughout its orgasm, coating the Halfling's torso in hot cum. It collapsed on top of her, barely holding itself up on its palms. However, the rock hard cock seemed pulse with its heartbeat, still ready for a lot more.

"Let me ride it this time," she whispered under the mass of shuddering white fur, her hands rubbing the beast's muscled body under the white.

Inching backwards, the beast cupped Caco's back and lifted her from the backpack before rolling over. It held the Halfling to its chest until it was flat on its back where it finally let her go. Caco could feel her weight being pushed onto the giant cock between her thighs and she straightened up enough to look down at the beast. Their hues met. Those grassy, wide, playful ones meeting those golden ovals. She bucked her hips, dragging her flower along its entire length before sliding back. The beast's tongue lolled but simply watched the pretty little minx's display. Once the beast's cock seemed to be throbbing with need again, the Halfling slid all the way to the front and gripped the cock firmly with both hands and angled it at her aching flower.

She sank back, swallowing half of the cock in one go, but she didn't stop. Forcing it even deeper, she winced as the cock burrowed through her womb and to the deepest reaches of her pussy until she finally felt the fur touch her ass. "Fuck", she moaned, more in surprise than pain this time, as though she had accustomed to the size already. The beast trembled, its cock aching in the tight confines. 

Caco took a deep breath and looked outside of the cave at the endless rain. "No need to rush..." she said passionately to the beast and began to ride ever so slowly from tip to hilt...

-

As the sun tore through the clouds and morning ascended from behind the mountains, a silhouette was splayed into the cave. There, the sleeping form of two figures could be seen, a Halfling girl, cock still hilted in her, and a young dark-skinned human girl beneath her. She had gorgeous white hair that was thrown in every direction on the stone floor and tribal tattoos of wolves all over her forearms, shoulders and back. She was hugging the Halfling to her chest, now only twice the size of her, and a dick that would only put Human men to shame, but much, much smaller than it used to be. They were both in a deep slumber when the shadow of another woman dawned over them: The raven haired hunter.

Bow strapped to her back, she approached them with a look of amazement. She crouched beside them and covered the Halflings mouth quite roughly.

Immediately, Caco's hues flickered open and she saw the huntress staring back at her. But, taking the hand on her mouth as a sign to keep quiet, she did so. Then, the woman motioned her head to the sleeping form underneath her. Caco followed the gesture until she saw the smiling face of another girl, the beast. For some reason, the sight warmed her heart. The sister removed her hand and Caco almost instantly pressed her lips to the sleeping woman's.
