 This is a very quick oneshot following the events of the Kveldulf saga to give a little more insight into the current characters. Don't worry, there's a lot of smut up ahead, you perverted freaks.

*****

- Lost in Reverie - 

Caco slumped in front of the bonfire, chest against her backpack and arms folded under her chin. "Phew, it's gonna take weeks to reach the capital at this pace," she sighed with her eyes squinting into the dancing orange glow.

The raven-haired human was crouching just behind the fire and prodding at it with a stick to ensure its longevity. Choosing to ignore the Halfling's words, she glanced back at her sister, Nitu, who was gathering herbs from the surrounding brush. "!" she said, the odd language she spoke almost sounding like a gun firing from her lips. 

Nitu straightened up, her fists balled at her chest in worry. "?" she said in response. 

There was an exchange between them but eventually Nitu joined the party around the bonfire. Both sisters sat crosslegged opposite of Caco and the specific herbs were ground up and tossed into the flame. Must have been another one of their strange rituals, which Caco just kinda had to get used to over the timespan of a day. The flowers and leaf bits popped in the fire, indulging their senses to an almost sweet smelling smoke. And although the Halfling wouldn't admit, it kinda made her sleepy. Like a lullaby fogging her brain. Perhaps that was the point.

"What language is that?" inquired the Halfling after a long yawn.

"Zapadni. Well spoken in the Drylands," one of them said but it was hard to tell which because of the fire between them and their uncanny shared sounding voice.

"Drylands?" Caco narrowed her hues in thought, "You mean the West?"

"If that is what the Inlanders call it, then yes"

"So you guys came from the desert in search of a cure for Nitu's...condition?"

"It has yet to bare any fruit, however"

"There has to be something or someone out there that can help. There just has to be"

"That is what we hope for. But I fear it hungers dominance the more she fights it"

"I dunno. It didn't seem so bad to me'" Caco gave a little chuckle, which was ill received by the other two. Guess it wasn't exactly the kinda thing they joked about, and for good reason, she supposed.

"It is best if we prepare ourselves for the day to come. Tomorrow we enter the wilds"

"The wilds?"

"You complained about our pace. This is a simple fix. If we follow the road, it will take several days to skirt around. Rather we press through"

"The road goes around it for a reason, ya know"

"Scared of a little adventure, Halfling?"

"Adventure? No. Getting raped and killed by bandits? I take a little issue with that, yeah"

"I have naught encountered any mercenaries or bandits around these parts. It should be safe. Might run into a few snakes and giant spiders, though"

Caco thought it over quite deeply. "Fine. The sooner I reach the capital, the better"

"Good. Then I suggest we get some shut-eye"

Nitu scrounged around her bag and retrieved a fur blanket, massive, probably belonging to a bear sometime in the past. She laid it out close to the fire, unrolling it so that the fur was upside. The sisters could both easily rest upon it with room to spare. Caco, on the other hand, unrolled her own miniature sleeping bag made of fabrics and stuffed with feathers. She quite happily rolled herself up in it and then used the one corner of her bag as a pillow. Their little cove in the surrounding forest was peaceful with only the leaves chiming in the breeze. It didn't take long for all three of them to fall fast asleep...

Until Caco heard a voice she had long yearned for in the distance. Her eyes shot open and she sat up. The bonfire, the sisters, the trees, they were all gone. Her own woolen blanket was wrapped around her; snug, itchy, but oh so warm and comforting. She was back in her own bedroom with those same creaky wooden walls and where the sunrise could be caught through the window. It beamed in, striking heat across her cheeks in a way that could only really be appreciated from the safety of your home. Again, that voice called quietly to her through the door, "Caco? Can I come in?"

She shifted under the blanket, feeling its scratchiness against her bare form. For some reason she was naked. Panic struck her for a brief moment, but then she shrugged it aside. Its not like she cared about being nude around that voice. "Uh, yeah," she responded while pulling the blanket up a little.

The door was nudged open and a Halfling woman stepped inside. Taller than Caco by a margin with long blonde strands, dressed only in her nightgown that did little to hide her cleavage. A woman that Caco could never forget, Tris. "Your parents are still asleep," she whispered with a grin and hurried over to the bed.

It didn't take a genius to understand what she wanted and Caco didn't hesitate to scoot up a bit. Tris slipped under the blanket and rested her head on the pillow. Caco slumped once again, meeting Tris eye-to-beautiful-eye. Their breaths mingled with one another, becoming so hot and heavy between them. "Remember when we stowed away to the farmhouse in the rain?" Tris finally broke the silence.

"Or when we watched your father's house while he was away," Caco grinned and subtly touched Tris' hand under the blanket.

"Or when we 'got lost' in the forest together," Tris also began to smirk quite knowingly at this point.

"Or when we fucked two rooms away from my sleeping parents?" Caco couldn't have fucking made it more obvious, and in hindsight sounded kinda stupid, but she thought it was clever at the time.

"Hmm?" Tris cocked her head playfully, "I don't remember that one," she pulled Caco's hand to her thigh, "You might have to remind me"

It was at that point that Caco felt the woolen blanket tickling something rather sensitive under the blanket, and a visible tent had been made near her pelvis. Both noticing this, in unison they gave up on whatever facade was left and just dived into a kiss. A clash of tongues and saliva, their bodies shifting to simultaneously grope the other while entwining their legs. The blanket was lost in the sea of commotion and ended up on the floor while Tris rolled on top of Caco, lips locked. She straddled Caco and finally pulled away from the kiss to sit up, hues glazed over with lust. Caco took in the gorgeous view and bit her lip, That is, until she looked down and saw that the nightgown was pitched up where her cock was standing high at attention. She pointed at it and giggled, "It looks like its yours"

True enough, Tris looked down and it did indeed look like she had also sprouted a dick, and quite a sizable one at that. Caco would have been average for a human male, which was nothing to sneeze at for a Halfling. The tent throbbed a little and a tiny wet patch formed through the nightgown's fabric. "Are you saying that it isn't mine?" Tris gave a sexy look and pressed the tip of her finger to the bulge. Shuddering, Caco rolled her hips to meet the contact, and Tris responded in kind by mushing her palm against its hardness. 

"Stop teasing me," Caco moaned as the pleasure rocked through her.

"It's been a while since we've done this," Tris smiled.

"Yeah," Caco felt her voice doubled, as if her conscious and subconscious had the same thought.

"We have to be quiet. Wouldn't want to wake em' up," she gave a naughty grin and lifted herself up to aim the cock at her slick quim.

There was a shared gasp as they joined hips. Caco trembled and brought her hands up to rub Tris' sides. The blonde breathed heavily, flattening her palms against Caco's chest. They began to move ever so slowly. The bed squeaked with every rough motion, reminding them to take their time and remain quiet. Warmth coiled around her shaft as though a furnace had been heated inside her loins. Those convulsing walls responded to every rise and fall, seemingly massaging her cock. It was pure bliss. Tris was having a very similar experience, based on her soft purring as she gracefully rode her way towards her impending peak. The nightgown began to fall slightly, giving a glimpse of her perky nipples as she bounced. 

"Fuck, I love you," Caco reached up to cup Tris' cheeks and pull her down into a kiss.

The riding didn't cease for even a moment. Within no time Caco could feel the tingling in her rod. She could only moan into Tris' lips as she shuddered and bucked her hips into the sopping crevice, giving off audible pops and smacks until a torrent of cum erupted out of her. There was a lot, even for her. And it was the greatest orgasm she had ever experienced in her entire life. She physically shook as the cum shot out of her in an almost impossible way. Although, when she expected that the cum would overflow and dribble out, it didn't. It was almost like Tris was drinking it all into her womb. Minutes passed and Caco's body ached from the continuous tensing and easing, her cock still flexing as she was drained of every drop. It hurt. She tried to beg for Tris to get off of her, but her cries were muffled by the tongue wrestling her mouth into submission. She came endlessly, her strength fading so quickly that she couldn't even lift a hand anymore. There was no end in sight.

"!" shouted Ritu.

Caco's hues shot open, but now, instead of a blonde Halfling staring back at her, it was a grey-skinned woman with horns and glowing red eyes. Her snake-like tongue was basically down Caco's throat. Big bat wings were outstretched in either direction and they seemed to beat subtly as the Succubus rode Caco's cock, cum gushing into its fiery hot pussy. Still too weak to fight back, Caco could only attempt to moan as she was milked of her life essence. 

An arrow flew from the side and twanged off of the Succubus' wings. It did no damage, but it did catch the demon's attention. Withdrawing its tongue with a thick string of saliva drooping into Caco's open mouth, the demon sat upright. They didn't call Succubi the demons of lust for no reason. It was sexy in a beautiful way. Soft features, flowing red hair and short horns protruding from its temples. And absolutely massive breasts that hung freely without shame, each topped with puffy nubs. It glared at Ritu who was readying yet another arrow. 

"It's impossible for a gal to enjoy a snack these days," the demon sighed, "But I suppose I've had my fill for tonight," she rubbed her stomach which had expanded quite considerably thanks to Caco's impressive load. "Thanks a lot cutie," she tapped Caco's cheek lightly before raising her wings. In a single beat, she shot up into the clouds, finally releasing Caco and disappearing instantly into the night sky.

Ritu was staggered by the gust of wind, while Caco continued to twitch in the afterglow of those incredible, yet painful orgasms. Her cock flexed a few more times and unloaded onto her tummy. She was too weak to even talk, let alone move.

Nitu came over to check if Caco was alright, and it seemed that the Succubus really was only after a light snack. If it really wanted to drink Caco dry then it could have easily snatched her up and brought her to its lair. Many a men have died in this manner. Some refer to it as 'Death by Snu Snu' or something of the like.

Ritu kept her gaze to the sky while she flung her bow around her shoulder. "I think we should take night shifts, from now on."

*****

So, that's it. I just had this idea while daydreaming, and thought that I needed to get it written out. It's quick but it opened the window into Caco's past a bit so at least it wasn't totally worthless. Anyways, Peace.