 Episode Two - Stay Focused - A Short Story

***

"Nice, very nice, you will learn the ways of the warrior," I, Scarlet Badger, sergeant major, field operative, and militia leader, said to my young private. After our tryst in the foxhole, he was no longer a virgin recruit. I had initiated him into manhood. For that virginal sacrifice, he would submit to me. "By the way, my youngling, you are deliciously energetic. That is a good thing. Yummy, tasteful, you're good. Soon, you will be allowed to fuck me again. In your training, you will learn many things."

"Thank you, my sergeant," he muttered with a boyish grin. Yet, the darkness of the night made him a shadow, perhaps a shaded reflection of his original self. These days, with the pollution, it always seemed darkly menacing. "I serve you and only you," he swore allegiance to his leader in the militia and zipped his pants. Remnants of cum stained his crotch of his camo pants. "Yes ma'am, I am grateful."

"You, my new protégé are good enough to eat," I murmured and gripped his groin to feel the thickness of his burgeoning manhood. "Yet, we are not cannibals like the others out there. Predators, yes, warriors, yes, but not like the scavengers."

"Yes, my sergeant." The youngling stared excitedly at her.

"Affirmative, I am your battle mistress," I commanded. "You will do as I wish, for there is precious little time to be concerned about anything except survival." For a moment, I peered through my night vision goggles. Without looking at him directly, I added, "My unit is made up of mostly women. You will be useful to them in many ways. So, we must keep you healthy and fit for all your duties. I am certain they will approve of your recruitment. Remember, every moment and every breath counts."

"Roger that, ma'am," the youngster eagerly replied. "I serve you without question." He rolled into position and scanned the barren valley below us. "Whatever pleases you, and your group, I submit to your authority over me. I'm honored, ma'am."

Before I released his well-hung penis, which now shrank after his huge ejaculation, I felt his balls loosen and the slick shaft soften. Earlier he had cum in a massive burst of youthful exuberance. As the minutes past in our brief interlude, he was ready again. That was a good sign and his training would continue. For now, I wanted to give him a few more up and down jerks, which I did. He shivered and tightened with each final pump.

"Concentrate, multitasking is essential, my young one," I told him while I squeezed the head of his dick. "Nice, you are so ready to be trained. To fuck, fight and feast, we prepare constantly. If no intruders attack tonight, we will fuck again, long and hard."

"Thank you, my mistress," he whispered quietly and controlled his breathing. 

After his gushing spew of warm youthful cum moments ago, I considered him a good student. Easily trainable, anxious to learn, I figured he would serve me well. For my darker arts, there would be more learning on his part. For now, we were on surveillance against the army of the oligarchs, vicious and cruel oppressors of the people. Nonetheless, at my discretion, I took time to begin his transformation. A good fuck, short recovery, perhaps more fucking, time was always of the essence. We would train harder, we would fight the enemies of the old republic and try to live as peaceful as possible.

Ah yes, he squirmed under my skillful manipulations. Gone were the days of hypocrisy, status quo illusion and enslaved conformity. We were free for now, but every day was struggle to avoid the enslavement of the ruling elite. Always exploiting the masses, the powerful who wanted to lord over us were ruthless and brutal. And, reality refreshed our senses after a hard pumping hand job, a good pounding and wet bursting climax, which sharpened the mind and energized both the boy and me. While the senses were fully animated and alert, the youngling had proven to be an apt pupil. For that, I would teach him the other pathways of warrior hood, as the discipline of service.

"Private, you will learn many things, and you will learn them quickly," I instructed my protégé. "Not only that, but you will submit to me, wholly and completely."

"Yes, ma'am, I freely submit to you," he said eagerly. "Sergeant Major Badger, my battler mistress, whatever you command, I am yours," he went on to affirm his changing nature. "I want to know more and learn everything I can." He swallowed heavily and said, "Do with me as you wish, I am bound to your teaching no matter what."

"Patience, in time, if there is time; you will come to know these various arts. Of sword and sensuality, one and the same, your potency will be unleashed. Now, back on point, the enemy is closer than you think," I told him. "Later, we'll have more time to delve into your submission and the mysteries that surround us. For now, we must keep the watch. The oligarchs want this territory and the destruction of our militia."

"Roger that, ma'am, I'm on it," he stuttered with boyish flare.

"Yummy," I muttered and relished in the pleasures of his potential. He seemed to be of good stock and education. Alert, attentive and physically fit, I figured he would be a good asset to the rebellion. "Somethings will happen soon," I told him.

"Yes, ma'am," he answered respectfully and went back to observing the valley below. "Battle Mistress," his voice resonated hesitance. "I'm a little anxious."

"Don't worry, you'll be fine, we all are anxious," I tried to reassure him. "Fighting is like fucking in some way. You learn through experience, hard lessons, can't be afraid of it, and you develop your skills to focus on the best of your abilities." 

For a few moments of quiet, there was hardly a sign of anything. The pale moonlight overhead struggled through a rich inky darkness. As though the sky had become a dingy dripping haze, it seemed very little light wanted to find illumination in this torrid realm. Dawn remained a few hours away and then maybe the army of the corporate aristocracy would attack our position. We knew if captured everyone would be tortured, raped and tortured some more. After that, a show trial in public and more torture.

Death never rested from a distance, or waited patiently for time to catchup. Nowadays, death's evil face, reflected through the human corporatists, ruled whatever was left after the fall of the civilization we once knew. In the arrogance of the decadent few, those who controlled the earth's resources and exploited everything brought the world to a dismal dystopia. What else is new, or what did we expect? The rich and powerful 1% fed upon the 99%. At the crack of taskmaster's whip, the slaves pushed the massive blocks higher and higher to build the pyramids so the wealthy elite would have a place to die.

"Gosh. Back when I was younger," the private started again and broke the silence. "In our home school group, there were stories about this mysterious hermit, kinda like a warrior philosopher, a soldier poet of a kind. Yet, like a weird mad monk of sorts." He swallowed and even shivered as he spoke. "Stories about those women fighters he led were inspiring." He drew in a long breath and nodded his head, "It was stimulating, sarge."

"Weird is not the way I would describe the Gonzo," I answered reverently. "And, yes, they're well trained and well-armed and will fight to the death. In a sense, they're zealots to some degree and like staying to themselves." I cleared my throat and shrugged to adjust my prone position. "For them, death has no meaning in the great scheme of things. The oligarchs have tried everything to defeat them and control their lands."

"Yet, they have not prevailed," the private said to me.

"The Gonzo Clan remains the valiant few, they, like us, prevail undefeated." I sighed with a hint of weariness. "Meanwhile, because of them, we need legends and some come to life and show us heroism. You speak of the Gonzo and the sacred compound, aka 'the Bunker', even death fears them. Evil stays clear of that old wizard. Somehow, some way, they've risen above the oligarchic tentacles and stay feared and revered."

"That fortress is said to have been attacked many times by the corporate federals," the private offered and inched a little closer to me, as if to seek warmth. He shivered in the damp darkness of his anxious expectations. "From the legends, the oligarchs wanted him put out of business." He nodded confidently in the shadowy blackness around us. "We learned that in our camp schooling during homeland history." 

"No doubt, yes, very inspiring stories, such helps keep the warmth in the heart glowing with hope that springs eternal," I noted with a whisper. My jade green gaze brushed smoothly over the forward landscape through the reddish glint of the goggles. "Some of us have been nurtured on the ways of the Gonzo." I smiled in a seemingly fond way at my young private. I took his innocence with ecstatic pleasure and enjoyed his youthfulness. "I was his apprentice once. He taught me many things."

"Wow, no way, seriously? Bet that was something," the young one said excitedly. "You trained with the Gonzo, oh wow, that's awesome." He kept his watch and made some minute adjustments to the goggles to ensure long-range night vision. Tiny solar powered activators flickered red for an instant. "These things are hard to get used to, ma'am." For a moment, he turned to face me in the shadowy resonance of the late evening. "That's so amazing, you knew the Gonzo. But wait, I'm confused about why the oligarchs haven't taken the Gonzo compound and arrested him and his team. Surely, they could do that. Their firepower could overwhelm their bunker and invade their fortress."

"Yes, that would seem so, my young one," I said with a smile.

"So, why haven't they taken the compound," the younger one wanted to know. 

"Even a larger animal, a predator, and fears what it cannot predict," I told him. "Or, for that matter what it cannot control. The oligarchs struggle to manipulate and control their own confederation. Many competing entities divert their attention. With that, the Gonzo is unpredictable and some factions will not oppose him out of respect."

"They leave him alone, right?" The private asked. "You close to him?"

"Yes, as to your first question, my youngling. Simply, they are too afraid of what he knows, and what he is capable of," I told him matter-of-factly and yet remained curious of what he wanted to know. "Secondly, if you want to know if we fucked, yes we did many times." I cleared my throat and swallowed. "It's part of the life process, or an initiation over a lifetime." I reminded him, "Keep the watch, private, and stay still, someone is watching," I admonished and touched his arm. "And, fucking was part of the breaking in process. I started yours tonight. We all need to be broken in."

"To harness the energy, right?" He asked in his young way. "It's the potency of the libido forces within, as we learned in our home guard teachings."

"Yes, to transform beyond self-centeredness, to seek liberation and to mature," I explained and scanned the darkness with my night goggles. "To become well-differentiated, such is the transformation and the power is from sexuality."

"And, generate different thoughts processes," he added with honest tone.

"Yes, as the teachings go, from the ancients to this day, it is the maximization of our bio-sexuality," I started with a low murmur. "Such is the way of the warrior, liberated in mind and body, concerned with self-evolving transformation."

"You learned much from the Gonzo?" he asked with a hint toward reverence.

"Oh yes, very much so," I admitted. "Fighting, fucking, feasting, and fomenting the necessity of becoming a better version than the original."

"We learned this in home education, not entirely, but some parts," the private offered bashfully. The four cornerstones that build individuality."

"That's it, at least for the basics," I said to him affectionately. "Yet, the more profound the amative intensity, the innate carnality unleashes the potency. With the way the world is devolving, toward human extinction, we hang onto these essentials." I took in a long breath and thought about fucking him again. Too soon? No, I gave a toss in my mind. Never too soon and never enough. I added while thinking of jacking him off, "To that end, each one of us requires an orgasm a day if at all possible. Sometimes, it is not practical, as one of the other aspects may preclude a good climax or ejaculation."

"Yes, my battle mistress, it is reasoned that maximization of cumming, so to speak," he started to tell me. "Enhances the very core of the life force."

"You're learning well, private," I complimented gruffly. "This is what the oligarchs fear the most. Liberated sexuality becomes the means for enlightened ascendency. Wisdom and maturity coalesce into the brazen escape from manipulation and control. Freedom from inhibitions, prejudices, selfishness, collective intimacy that goes beyond the realms of primal existence. Your natural sense of ideation is greatly enhanced."

"Yes, my battle mistress," the private said with a hint of awe in his tone. "Is this what the Gonzo knows and teaches? Is this secret of that compound?"

"It is that and more," I said and reminisced. "The oligarchs are fiendish in the gross materiality and unequal distribution of wealth. Not only that, their reactionary mythic notions about human sexuality serve to further oppress the people. They want slaves to serve them, and so, they play all kinds of mind games to control people. Independence, freedom and self-evolution are elements of liberated revolution."

"Whoa, seriously?" The private whispered. "Sexual energy is that important".

"Absolutely, without question it is the singular liberating force within every person," I tried to explain to my youngling. "Basically, fucking is freedom." My fingers gently encouraged him with soft brushes across his strong thighs. "That aside, each time they tried something against the Gonzo, one of the oligarchs disappeared. Bizarre things happened and resources disappeared, commodity and mercantile exchanges plummeted." I consumed his physicality visually and longed to fuck him again. "Stay alert."

"Fascinating. Yes ma'am, back on the watch," he accepted his correction.

"With the Gonzo, retribution is sure, swift and certain," I explained. "Every time the rich ones tried something, headless bodies of wealthy aristocrats were found hanging upside down inside heavily guarded federal buildings." She shook her head. "He and his followers were never seen but they left signs of their presence."

"They're like ghosts, right?" The private mumbled with a shudder.

"No one knows how he did it," I whispered and listened intently to the surroundings. "Yeah, they're like ghosts. Every time the oligarchs sent in the federals, it was always a bad move on their part. They may be wealthy but they're also stupid."

"They had to retreat to their enclaves," the private said and focused his visual scan on a particular patch of woods about a mile away. He adjusted the long-range intensity on his night goggles. "All those gated communities kept the common folk out." 

"It's an old story that goes way back a long time ago. Yep, foolishly they oppressed the under classes, tyranny by any means is a dangerous path. History has many examples of uprisings and revolutions." I rolled in closer to him, patted his shoulder, and pointed. "Stay on that dark patch one-mile southwest quadrant. I'm sensing something, very subtle movement. Could be a corporatist sniper team, a scout party." 

"Affirmative, ma'am", the private responded. "My vision sensors are beeping." Inside the googles he wore, a tiny alarm flashed a red dot. One hand held mine, the fingers intertwined. He drew in a slow breath of cool night air. "It was the Gonzo who started the Robin Hood movement, isn't that right, ma'am. Take from the rich and give to the poor, and protect the environment from exploitation. He still does all that."

"Yes, he does, that and more," I noted with wry and dry hint.

"Thank you, ma'am, I enjoy these stories because they're real," the private told her in a soft voice. He sighed and added, "Nothing moving so far out there. But, there is something in the dark patch." He shook his head. "I can't identify anything."

"Stay focused, something's going on, I feel it," I said with a whisper.

"Yes, Mistress Badger," he replied with a low voice. "I'm on it."

"Give it time, they're out there," I warned. "The occupiers are always waiting, watching and wondering about their next move in this direction."

"They will never stop oppressing us will they, ma'am?" His youthful curiosity wanted to know. "And, we're outnumbered by overwhelming odds, right?"

"Uh huh, you're catching on fast and in many ways," I let him know, squeezed his smallish hand. Well, I thought, puts that old tale to reset. Big hands, big dick, this kid is just opposite. Like a little pony, bucking and fucking. "They didn't learn they're the reason for the collapse. The greed, the selfishness, the inequities that caused so much pain and suffering by their abject decadence any tyranny."

"Yes ma'am," he muttered softly and accepted by hand on his ass.

"We're losing our rebellion," I said to him with a hint of sadness. I wanted to be more confident for him at this precise moment. To keep him focused and improve his chances of survival he needed assurance. Yet, I mourned the loss of our republic. I sucked in a long breath and let it out slowly. "Defections are happening every day."

"I hear they pay a lot for anyone who defects," he added. 

"Yep, that's what we hear." I noted his interest in the issue. "As hope springs eternal," I started to say, "Reality is often more frightening than what you think." He squirmed under my touch but accepted his place for the time being. "We live for the moment. As to the traitors, yeah, there's a huge reward for surrender. But, what really happens is judgement comes swiftly. No one wins that compromise. And, the Gonzo knows this."

"No offense ma'am, wish he was here now," the young trooper said. 

"No offense taken," I let him know. "For now, the oligarchs want control of this passage through the valley. It's an alternate trade route." I skimmed the darkness around us and tried to hear every sound, allowing every sense I had to be alert. One hand tightened on the pistol grip of my rifle. "When the Free State of Gonzo was declared, his compound, that's when things really got serious. The political aristocracy, controlled by the oligarchs, made their poorest decision. They tried to shut him down and silence him."

"That's when the rebellion started," the youngster whispered excitedly.

"The corporatist mercenaries, their standing army, took the worst defeat ever," I assured the youngling. "They pulled back and tried to bribe him, negotiate and give him anything he wanted. Every time they offered something, he killed members of the upper class."

"Wow, no compromise for the Gonzo," the younger one added.

"The Gonzo picks his battles carefully," I said to him and reminded him of another aspect of his training. "You haven't been broken in yet have you?"

"You mean saddled and bent, ma'am?" He asked softly and swallowed as if nervously envisioning the breaking of his inner manhood. "Not yet. Will you do it?"

"Yes," I answered equally soft and affectionate. "The other training." I held back for a second, letting him digest the thought. Likewise, I thought about putting on one of my strap-ons, maybe a small one, semi-erect and fucking him slow and easy. Bending him over a rack, binding him and plowing his ass gave me chills. Then, I offered as I stroked his firm hard butt, "Most have to think about. Some will refuse and that is not a problem. It is voluntary. However, learning to submit is part of the process."
