 (Based on a True Story)

"Well, you see, the aliens, they watch us. We're like an experiment."

"What the fook are you going on about?" My younger brother, Sagittenius, asked. He had short blonde hair, cut in a European Mohawk, big muscular build from years of pumping iron. He reached out with his fork, piling more food on his plate. Along the center of the dinner table, there was roasted turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, and pumpkin pie. "Is this another story of yours?"

I'm the more devilishly dark featured brother at his right: Raven hair, slim build, huge cock.

(((I'm not bragging. It just—who am I to be modest in a story like this?)))

While smacking on a mouthful, I replied, "Aliens. They observe us. And, maybe, now that you mentioned it, I should write one about aliens. I don't think I've ever written one about aliens."

Sagittenius heightened a brow. "All you write is Erotica. And that shit and aliens don't mix. Nobody on that site—"

"Literotica?"

"Whatever the site is," Sagittenius said, "nobodies gonna wanna read that shit, aliens kidnapping us and sodomizing us—"

"Sagittenius! Geminine! We have company," My mother, Fourus, said. She sat at the far end and turned to the girl sitting across from me. "Sorry, Emi."

"It's not a problem, Mrs. Fourus. I have brothers." Emi took a bite of some mashed potatoes. She was an American woman with Japanese descent. She had blonde hair, dark roots. Her chin was pointy, eyes deep-set. "You didn't have to cook all of this for me. Thanksgiving is over two weeks out."

"Oh, hush, dear." Mammy fanned away Emi's kind reply. "We'll have two this year. That's all."

"You really outdid yourself," Emi said. "The food is great."

Mammy flashed a smile. "Why, thank you."

"It's called probing," I blurted to my brother. "But, that's just to scare people. I'm willing to bet they make it quite comfortable."

"You have fantasies about this, don't ya," Sagittenius asked, "getting fondled by balloon-headed aliens?"

"Hey, uh, don't worry about me, worry about your calorie intake, Sasquatch." I looked to our guest, Emi. "I'm a glass half-full type of guy. I think aliens are courteous to our needs, very attractive if I were to guess. Hell, they might even look like us. You know, the whole 'we see them everyday and don't even know.'"

Emi looked to me with a squinted, flirtatious gaze. "If they could blend in so easily, why couldn't they just take over?"

"Maybe they already have and we just don't know it." My eyes drifted to the ceiling in thought. "Or, we could just be animals at a zoo. They visit, walk around... fornicate." I coughed, cleared my throat. "Who knows?"

"First probing and, now, you're talking about having sex with animals?" Sagittenius asked. "What went wrong with you?"

"Humans. Different kind of animal, I guess."

"Animals? Humans are hot." Emi leered across the table at me, licked her full lips.

"Emi, you're buying into his nonsense?" Sagittenius asked.

Emi sliced a piece of turkey on her plate. "Ummm, I don't—"

"Exactly. It's not even worth mentioning." Sagittenius shook his head at me. "G's been watching too much Ancient Aliens."

"Emi," Mammy jumped in, "Gem tells me you're traveling the world for a year. Ummm—what's the term?"

"Couch-surfing," I said.

"Yes. Couch-surfing." Mammy daintily spooned some dressing into her mouth.

"Yes, Mrs. Fourus. You're actually my first stop." Emi drank from her glass of sweet tea. "I met Geminine on the website, and he politely offered me a room aboard for a few days."

"That's ri—" I started to second her, but a loud knock against the floor interrupted me. Everyone looked to Emi.

"Sorry." Emi reached under the table. "There's something in my shoe."

"Kick 'em off. Relax," Mammy said. "Consider this home as long as you're here."

"Aw. Well, thank you, Mrs. Fourus."

"Anyways, you were saying?" Sagittenius asked, directing the topic back to Emi's travel.

"I, ummm, well, I plan to roam the world for a year, jotting down my experiences with different cultures."

"Now that's something I could d—" I cut my sentence short when a tickle crawled up my leg. The table cloth was long and fell to my lap, blocking the view underneath. I could only imagine. I glanced to Emi while picking up where I left off. "Yeah, ummm, I'd love to travel the world too."

"Well, you came to the right place for Thanksgiving." Sagittenius showed Emi a wide white grin. "There's nothing like good ole southern food. Mammy, cooks it with love."

"You can taste the affection. It's quite wonderful," Emi said.

"Well aren't you just a doll. You're such a respectful young woman." Mammy beamed, but her face quickly soured. She motioned her stained fork to me. "Much better than them uncouth dirty-legs he brings home."

"Mammy, come on..." I could feel Emi's small foot inching up my inner thigh.

Emi pursed her lips together. She slightly slouched in her chair, stretched her leg further.

"You want to talk alien," Mammy said. "Manners are alien. Chivalry? Alien. Common decency—"

"Okay, mammy, we get it," Sagittenius said. "The world is not the same anymore. We're clear, crystal."

I glanced down as Emi's foot crept out from under the cloth. My cock flinched, hardened. The contour in my jeans expanded down my right thigh. I took a moment to admire her Snoopy cartoon socks. I smiled.

(((Don't judge me. I dig Snoopy.)))

Emi pressed her toes against my crotch. She looked around the room, but nobody was paying any attention—too concerned with the food in front of their faces. She bit her bottom lip, worked her foot up and down my length.

I grabbed underneath my seat, scooted closer. The legs thudded against the wood floor.

Sagittenius shot me a crazy eye. "What the hell are you doing?"

I wanted to reply but nothing came to mind. I simply shrugged, changed the topic. "So, back to these aliens..."

Mammy sighed.

"You did this, mammy," Sagittenius said. "You keep bringing up aliens."

"No. Just hear me out now." I chomped away on my food, trying to play down the tickling below the table. "They pick us up, show us a good time, and drop us back off into our drab existence. Now that'd be enough to piss you off—"

"I thought you quit," Sagittenius said.

"What?" I asked. Emi's leg worked feverishly, scattering my concentration. My cock became so rock-hard it started to hurt.

"Smoking pot, numbskull," Sagittenius said.

"That explains why you're unemployed." Mammy stood from her chair, gathered the empty dishes from the table. "Any dessert?"

Emi stopped her footjob, winked at me across the table. "Absolutely."

"None for me. High in sugar." Sagittenius bounced his muscular pecs inside his form-fitting shirt. He flexed his huge bicep while motioning to the door. "Emi, wanna go work up a sweat, burn some of those—"

Emi curled her lip. She pressed her foot firmly against my steel rod. "No, thanks. I think I'll just hangout here for a bit."

"Fine..." Sagittenius showed Emi a soft smile, but his face turned to stone as he glowered at me. He shuffled out of the front door.

Once everyone cleared the dining room, Emi and I sat in silence, leering at one another from across the messy tabletop.

Emi shrugged. "Soooooo...?"

"Baby girl, you've woken a sleeping giant."

Emi giggled. She stripped her socks off, slingshot them at me.

I dodged each article like the Matrix, smooth and swift head movement.

Emi purred. She unbuttoned her skinny jeans, squirmed out of them along with her lime-green thong. They crumpled to the floor at her feet.

I shot a peek under the long dinner cloth, but she stopped me.

"Hey! Eyes up here." Emi removed her shirt, tossed it toward me. I snagged it in my teeth, whipped my head like a dog with a chew toy. Her B-cup breasts held snug in a black bra. She raised the tablecloth while unfastening her bra, hiding her nudity. She teased me with the reveal, dropping the sheet just above her nipples before picking it up again.

My leg bobbed anxiously. I expelled a heated breath, pulled the collar from my neck.

Emi finally dropped the cloth.

My mouth watered at the shape of her bell-shaped breasts, her dark hard nipples. As she stood from her chair, my eyes trailed down her thin waist, over her wide hips, to her trimmed center. I leaned up to meet her. My erection bulged out, stretching the slack out of my jeans. We inched closer over the table, but as we touched lips, the front door opened. I plopped back down in my seat. Emi scrambled underneath.

Sagittenius walked in. He snatched a pair of keys from the golden key rack. "Almost forgot my—" He halted, eyed me awkwardly.

I sat straight and narrow in my seat, a Snoopy sock strewn over my shoulder. Emi's shirt splayed on top of the table. I snagged it, hid it under my arm, with a cheesing grin.

Sagittenius hung his head, shook it, and then exited.

I felt my zipper go down. I lifted the cloth.

Emi was on her knees, eyes filled with an aggressive lust. She reached inside the slit of my boxers. My large cock filled her palm. Her eyes distended as she withdrew it. It was thick, long. The tip tinted with a purple hue. It had a slight banana bend, and she devoured it like a fruit.

I clenched the table cloth in my fist, eyelids fluttered. "Ooohhhh, momma."

"Did you say something?" Mammy asked from the neighboring kitchen.

"Ummm... No! Uhhh..." I stammered.

Emi patted my cock against her tongue, licked down the shaft, before slipping the head back in her mouth. Her lips tensed around my girth. She went halfway down, bobbed.

Mammy entered the room, drying her hands with a small dish towel. "What's that?"

I perked up, leaned forward over the table. "Umm, nothing. We're goo—I'm good."

"Where did Emi go?"

"She went to, umm, the bathroooooom."

"Listen, don't ruin it like you do with all the other ones," Mammy said. "It wouldn't hurt to learn more about her than—"

There was a loud slurping sound.

"What was that?" Mammy asked.

"My shoes," I quickly said. "They, uh, scree-ee!-eech."

Mammy eyed me strangely. "Okaaayyy... well, like I said, let's try to be a gentlemen with this one. Can we? No hound-dog stuff, got me?"

"Ya-bet," I blurted in a rushed speech.

"My dishes are clean. You make sure to do the same with yours once done. Got it?" Mammy said. "I'm going to take a nap."

"Sure thing," I said. I did my best to fight against the pleasure while watching my mother walk up the staircase. Once she was out of sight, I released a moan and hunched forward. I peeked underneath the sheet.

Emi stared up at me, feigning innocence. Her hand stroked my hard glistening cock. "My turn, stud."

"Si, mi bonita." I helped her out from underneath the table. As she stood, she removed my shirt. She licked up my rib cage, over my 'sailor girl' tattoo. Her lips trailed across my shoulder, grazed my neck, before settling on my lips. I pulled her breasts against my chest, spanked her ass and squeezed it in my palm. I picked her up, plopped her atop the surface of the table. She growled. She wanted it rough. I could tell. So, I obliged.

Emi panted as I plunged inside of her cozy, wet core. Her breasts jiggled, legs flailed. She tried to narrow her gaze, tried to appear undaunted. But, she couldn't hide the blissful shock in her eyes. Our skin smacked together as I tapped her with power and speed. She released a sharp squeal with each rapid heave. She flung her arm around my neck, hugged her bouncing breasts with the other.

(((I have a practiced swing, a constant Pop! Pop! Pop—You get the idea.)))

I thrust repeatedly, shaking her and the table. The silverware clanged against my dirty plate. The sweet tea rippled in the glass, like Jurassic Park. I hooked my arms underneath her legs and gently slid Emi to her back, her ankles over my shoulders.

Emi grinned through her puzzled expression. I could tell she was trying to figure me out. As if her intense pleasure, my performance, was a mystery. She rolled her ankles, curled her toes. "Is—Oh! Ha! Mmmmm-is that all you got?" she dared to say.

"Easy, baby girl, easy," I tried to calm her. My hips slowed. I knew then she'd implode before dropping her ego.

(((And, to be honest, that's what turned me on about her!)))

I cradled her chin, looked deep into her hazel eyes. My hips rocked gently, in and out.

"Uh! Oh! Yooouuu..." Emi's chin quivered, her face scrunched. She released a winded sigh. She looked back up to me, a smile flickering. "You-ewww are bad."

"Intense, right?"

Emi's face lit with excitement. I knew she wanted to admit it, but she groaned instead. Her expression twisted in flashes. She looked to cry but then her face softened once again. She appeared to be fighting a sneeze. Her body tensed. She arched her back off the table, and in one motion, rolled me over. We knocked over my glass of tea. It soaked into the white cloth. She took top position, straddled my waist. Her hips gyrated wildly, ass dimpled with each thrust. She dropped her head back and held her breasts in her palms. She bounced, moaned with each impact. "Uh-oh-oh-uh!"

I grabbed the nape of her neck and pulled her down into a heated kiss. I held her hips in place and began thrusting upward from the bottom. Her body quaked, riding me like a bucking bronco over rough terrain.

A violent spasm attacked Emi. She lurched back over me, our bodies pressing together. "Fuuuu—ccckkkkk! Oh, fuck!"

I spun her over, taking the top position again. But as I did, we rolled to the edge, and our collective weight caused the table to flip out from under us. We crashed to the carpet, wrapped in the cloth like a mummy. Dishes spilled to the floor alongside us. I paused. We both poked our heads out from the cloth, listening for any movement from mammy.

Nothing.

(((She's a sound sleeper.)))

Emi shoved me off, crawled to all-fours. She put her round backside in the air, leered over her shoulder at me.

"Playin' with fire. I dig it." I swatted the silverware, plates, and glass cups aside—clearing a path to her. I gathered behind her, wiggled my manhood on the outside of her pussy. She shivered. I gripped her hips in my strong hands, jerked her back on top of me. My cock filled her to the hilt.

"Ah-ha! Ooo!" Emi tried to laugh off the sensation. She gulped in a mix of fear and arousal. Her face contorted in ecstasy, eyes glassy and mouth agape. I feverishly pounded, shaking her body and whipping her hair. She clawed at the carpet. The mix of lotion and sweat caused her skin to sparkle under the lights.

While continuing my steady assault, I grabbed her hair in my fist, pulled her head back. My other hand slithered around her waist and rubbed the top of her clit.

(((This really got a rise out of her.)))

Emi took the full force. Her sultry voice heightened in a quivering pitch. Veins protruded from her forehead. Her right leg twitched like a dog catching an itch. She strained, grunted, and oozed all over my cock. The climax jolted her body. She shot off me and flopped to the carpet as though hit with a taser. "Wha-what happened?" she breathlessly asked. Her naked body sprawled across the floor, her hips twitching from the aftershock.

I leaned down and kissed her cheek. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that."

"Do wha..." Emi's voice died off, her eyes slowly closed.

***

Emi awoke. She found herself in her own bed, back at her parent's house. She looked around, confused. Her hair disheveled. She was still dressed in the clothes she wore to Thanksgiving dinner, equipped with Snoopy socks. Her forehead scrunched in thought. 

"Emi," her mother said from down the hall. She opened the bedroom door, entered. "What are you doing back? I find it hard to believe you traveled the world in a week. What happened?"

Emi sat up, scratched her head. "I dunno..."

***

Sagittenius turned the small monitor off, an eye into Emi's bedroom. "Mammy is not happy with you."

I stood next to him, arms folded. "I can't help it. Our guest was smitten."

Sagittenius sauntered down an oblong metallic hallway. The surface gleamed. "You could've least waited until Mammy picked her brain."

"Mammy's been around for years." I followed closely behind. "She knows everything there is to know about humans."

"She still enjoys the company," Sagittenius said. "Consider yourself lucky. In her day, they wouldn't even let humans out of the lab. Much less, fuck them."

"Like Emi said, and I quote," I smirked, "Humans are hot.'"

"Hey, uh, you mind letting me have a go with one?"

"Listen, you want me to give ya a tip?" I said. "When human women see muscles, they see a great body but a small cock. It's a ratio thing. Your muscles attract them, but they know you're working with an earthworm. Get it? Earth. Worm. Because human's cocks are sma—"

"I got it." Sagittenius stopped at the door. He looked to me. "One other thing before you go in there..."

"Mammy that pissed?"

"Well, yeah."

"I was gentle. I didn't try to do that."

"Emi slept for three days straight. You know the orgasms we give them are too powerful."

"She played tough, had me fooled."

Sagittenius laughed. I grabbed the doorknob, but he stopped me, saying, "Just a warning, Mammy is gonna get on you for being loose-lipped as well."

"Loose-lipped?" I asked.

"Yeah. You were telling Emi at the table how everything works, trying to strike her curiosity."

"Pfffttt! You think humans believe anything I say." I shook my head. "Nah. I could write about this little evening, not leave anything out. Post it to Literotica. I'll even put Based on a True Story."

"I wouldn't recommend that."

"I know humans. You shoot them straight, they won't believe you. You try to hide the truth, they start getting nosey." I winked at him, entered the room. "You and Mammy worry too much. It's time to let the truth out there."

Do you believe?

(((Cue X-Files theme)))