 When the sun rose the next day, everyone in the camp busied themselves with packing up the caravan, and before the dew was dry on the field grass they were on their way. Jarod was informed that they would arrive at the estate before nightfall. "Odd," Jarod thought, "I could probably steal a horse now and escape. I am no longer tied like an animal or chained like a slave. No one seems to be concerned with the risk of my running away. It would be simple enough, and yet..." His thoughts trailed off into wordlessness. He had no will to run. Had the sexuality of the Keera-See bewitched him? He couldn't seem to even focus on the thought.

Jarod was escorted to an enclosed wagon, where he was to ride with the girl, Nola, to the estate. Nola was already seated in the wagon, and Jarod to the seat across from her. They were alone. Evidently, this was the time for the two of them to become better acquainted. 

"Mother told me your real name is Jarod, not Legion," she said. "I am glad of it. Glad, too, that you chose to tell us the truth." She looked deeply into his steely-blue gray eyes with a look that revealed her true nature. She was an innocent girl, in spite of the sexual experiences she had growing up in the House of Keera-See. And she was curious, curious about why he would have lied about his name in the first place and curious about what life was like for Northlanders. Most of all she seemed curious about Jarod: what sort of lover and companion he would be for her.

"Legion," he said, "was my way of saying that there are many of my kind yet free in the North. I guess the metaphor was too subtle. It's no matter. I am here now. That is my fate."

Her green eyes flashed with gratitude. 

"I wonder sometimes about the North," she said. "But don't you get tired of just one sexual partner?"

Jarod tried to put words together to respond. He didn't want to insult her heritage, but he also thought about Drossk's words. He, the girl's biological father, wanted Jarod to take her away from the See and live with her as Norlanders do. 

"When one mates only with one, there develops a closeness that more than makes up for the lack of multiple partners," he said.

She reached out and took his hand in her own, examining them closely.

"Yours are the hands of a farmer," she said. "They are strong and sure, not soft with leisure like my father's." She rubbed her fingertips over Jarod's calluses, then guided his hand to face, and Jarod caressed her cheek and neck gently.

"I'm sorry they are so rough to the touch," Jarod said. 

"No, I like it," Nola replied earnestly. "It makes you so much more virile." Her hands descended to her waistcoat, and she deftly undid the belt that held the garment closed, then slowly spread the lapels apart, revealing her smooth, pert breasts. They were not so full as her mother's, but they were beautiful half globes with upturned areola. And they had the firmness of youth, the sort of firmness that made a man lust for women that he knows are too young for him.

Her breathing became more rapid as Jarod leaned forward to kiss her. Her lips responded with a growing passion; first lips, then open mouths, and finally tongues that danced about each others mouths and teeth.

Her breasts now heaving, she guided Jarod's hands to them. He cradled them in his palms, feeling their weight and then sliding his fingertips from the outer edge to the tips of the nipples. She trembled with anticipation.

"Kiss them, Jarod, please," she moaned, lifting her head back and lacing her fingers through her long flaxen hair, her elbows aimed upward. Jarod brought his mouth slowly down her throat, first kissing the nape of her neck, then tonguing the clavicle. As he stroked her breasts, he kissed his way down into her cleavage, gently pushing the half globes together and darting his tongue between them.

"Oh, oh my Goddess..." Nola whispered, catching her breath. 

As Jarod moved his lips and tongue over first one and then the other breast, her trembling breath gave way to moans of pleasure. She parted her legs further and hiked up her satin skirt revealing her creamy upper thighs and then the glorious lips of her womanhood . . . and the light blond tuffs of hair above them. Her hands descended from her own head and she laced her fingers through Jarod's darker blond hair. Deftly, without much urgency, she let Jarod know that she wanted his tongue to explore other parts of her body than her breasts.

Jarod continued his ministrations, licking first the crease below her breasts, then kissing her ribs and tracing his tongue down the center of her abdomen, finally dipping its tip into her navel. She giggled and moaned in a way that was at once girlish and wanton. Jarod couldn't stop thinking how coltish she was, both woman and child. It was a heady aphrodisiac. His genitals had long been tingling and swelling through this, but he decided that this moment should be for her. His needs would be met soon enough, he was sure, and at any rate, he was thoroughly enjoying bringing this young woman ever closer to rapture.

He nibbled at her pubic hair, causing Nola to squirm deliciously. Then, with moistened lips, he kissed her pubic mound rhythmically before licking at the sensuous divots along side her pussy, where a tendon was stretched just below the surface of her skin, where the inner thigh meets the pelvic cradle of her womanhood.

She could stand the delay no more. "Please, please," she repeated, without further instruction, knowing Jarod would understand her desires better than she knew them herself.

He started low, slipping his lips over the labia and lapping his tongue first over and then between the pussy lips. She shuttered and moaned as each tongue lashing moved from the sensitive area below the pussy up to the clit. He inhaled deeply of the perfume of her sexual scent as he built up the tempo and intensity of his oral lovemaking. She was increasingly more vocal as Jarod plunged his tongue deep into her, the end of his nose pressed firmly against her clit. When Jarod felt sure that Nola was on the brink of climax, he moved up to the clit, bathing it with his tongue, swirling the tip of his tongue around the swollen nub. He pressed in, sucking gently on the clit with his lips. Nola burst into squeals of delight as her orgasm cascaded over her. She pulled her knees up to her chest and forced Jarod's face tightly against her pulsating pussy with her hands, which clutched at the back of his head.

As she caught her breath, she released his head, and Jarod sat up and leaned back into his own seat. It was not Nola's intention to stop now, though. She reached across the seat and began unfastening his shirt, pulling it forcefully open and dragging her long fingernails over his muscular chest. Moving still closer, she unfastened his pants and pulled them down his legs as he lifted himself up to help get the pants over his hips. His cock was already stiff and swollen before she even had the chance to touch it, but she couldn't care less. She wanted him in her mouth, in her ass, even in her cunt, although that could not be until the ceremony, she knew. She cradled his balls in one hand, marveling at their side and heft. With the other she slowly stroked the engorged shaft.

"You are so big," she said, "Your balls, your cock, they are...my Goddess, I want to..." Interrupting her own words, she came rapidly forward and plunged the massive cock into her mouth. She bobbed her head rapidly over his groin, taking him deeply into her mouth and throat and then pulling up to where only the head of his cock remained in her warm, luscious mouth. She sucked greedily at it, rolling his testicles in one hand while pulling the cock toward her mouth with the other. She grunted hungrily as she sucked harder and harder. Soon she let go of his balls and reached down between her own legs, rubbing her clitoris vigorously as she sucked him off.

Jarod knew he couldn't hold off much longer, but he wanted a more intimate and mutual orgasm with Nola. He lifted her head from his lap and rolled over, face up, reclined on the bench, his cock waving about in the air, luring her over him. She climbed up on top of Jarod, her knees next to his shoulders, as she once again plunged his manhood down her throat. Jarod took her firm perfect buttocks in his hands and drew her pussy down to his mouth. 

She nearly gagged on the length and girth of Jarod's rod, though she showed no desire to pull it out or be less intense in her fellatio. With the earnestness of her youthful sexual urges, she ground her pussy into Jarod's nose and mouth wildly, all the while sucking intently on his shaft. Her moans and cries became animalistic as she slaked the thirst of her lust. 
 Jarod thrust back, with mouth and cock, caught up as well in the heat of the moment. Finally he could hold back no longer. Cum surged from his pulsating cock and she shook with near violence as her own climax washed over her. She gulped at the jism, taking it down her throat while she shook with the pleasure that coursed through her body, tingling up her inner thigh from her pussy to her tits, up to the back of her head.

She held his cock in her mouth long after he had stopped coming, keeping it hard as she gently sucked at his knob. She evidently finds comfort in this sucking, Jarod thought, and in spite of his recent orgasm, his cock showed no signs of softening under the attentions of her mouth. He inhaled deeply of the smell of her wet cunt as she drifted off into a deep sleep.

She awoke from her nap with Jarod's cum dried on her face. She looked up at Jarod, smiling sweetly. Jarod had spent the last hour studying the details of her face and body. She was perhaps not so voluptuous as her mother, but her lean youthful body held the promise of exquisite womanhood. He longed to see her grow into her prime. Her breasts would swell, her hips fill out in the full curves of beauty that are the architecture of an older woman.

By the time they had washed up and dressed again, the caravan had reached the outer borders of the estate. Miles of wheat and corn grew next to the road, acres upon acres that prominently showed the wealth of the Keera-See, wealth that grew, Jarod knew, from the labor of enslaved Norlanders. His own lot as concubine to the family was certainly one of comfort and pleasure, but Jarod knew that staying in this household would weaken him, bewitch him as it had Drossk. And his fate, evidently, was to be castrated and sent to the fields as soon as Nola bore and heir to the dynasty. The ceremony was evidently timed to coincide with Nola's cycle, and while there was no guarantee of her conceiving a child from the ritual, it was the intention of the See that their daughters get pregnant as soon as possible. Were twenty years of carnal pleasure with Nola and Loran worth the fate that awaited Drossk? While he was still thinking clearly, Jarod resolved that he would not suffer the same fate as Drossk. And as Drossk had asked, he would take Nola with him, if she would come of her own free will. And if she would not, could he leave her, knowing that she is fertile and perhaps bearing his child? Could he kill her, as he first thought he would at the slave trader's auction?

Preparations were already underway for the ceremony, which was to be held the following evening. Drossk schooled Jarod in the specifics of the ritual, which culminated, as far as Jarod could tell, with an audience watching Jarod take Nola's maidenhead. After watching this, no doubt their own lust stirred by the voyeurism, the spectators would join in a massive orgy. It was not Jarod's nature to commit such sexual acts in a public display, but while his rational mind rebelled against such a thing, he had to admit that he was not totally repulsed by the thought. Particularly the thought of finally fucking Nola, as he had her mother, in "the Throne." He daydreamed about the tight, glorious pulsing of her virgin pussy. "Let them look," he finally thought. "It will be enough that I will call her mine. And they will see her no more beyond that day."

As the next evening arrived, the foursome of women came to bathe and dress Jarod for the ceremony. Again, they "primed the pump," sucking his cock and rubbing his body down with their own oiled bodies. Again they drove his libido to the brink and then cooled his ardor, repeating the actions over and over. Jarod was sure that, when he finally released his cum into Nola, it would be thick and plentiful, teeming with his seed. 

Finally, the moment arrived. Jarod was dressed in a white satin gown with rich golden tapestry adorning the cuffs and lapels. Beneath the gown nothing but what the Creator had given him at his birth. The women escorted him to a large circular indoor amphitheatre. The seats were crowded with the See, families of wealth and distinction from all over the Southland. On the right-hand side of the stage Jarod saw two large ivory poles, rich with fertility carvings, spaced about six feet apart. To the left was an altar, white marble shot through with veins of green and gold. Lying on the altar was Nola, naked to the world, her long blonde hair cascading over the edge of the marble slab. Her reddish brown nipples standing erect on the summit of her beautiful breasts. Her skin glowed with the sheen of oil in the lamplight, her pubic hair nearly aglow it seemed from the light that flickered above her. In the center of the stage, Loran sat on the Throne, her own legs parted to reveal the red hair of her sex. She wore a gold mesh halter top, porous enough that one could clearly see her large areola and sizable breasts. Her legs were adorned with white deerskin chaps that left her ass and cunt fully exposed.

Somewhere, drums were beating. The audience leaned forward as the ritual commenced. Jarod was taken to the poles, where he was tied with red cords by the wrist. Loran stood and addressed the crowd.

"This is the wish of the Goddess, pleasing in her sight. This is the glory of Shaka-Ree, giver of life for Nola, daughter of Loran, heir to the House of Keera-See. Reveal the giver of Kulan"

Loran gestured to Jarod, and the foursome began again to rub and fondle Jarod, kissing him, licking him, stroking his manhood until it stood rigid once again. Then, unexpectedly for Jarod, they slathered his groin with a frothy white substance. One of the women pulled a straight razor from her belt pouch and kneeled before Jarod's groin. The sight of a razor coming toward Jarod's crotch made him uneasy to say the least, but he knew that they had no intention of cutting his cock. They had need of it, he knew, and so he held his breath as the woman deftly scraped the razor over his scrotum and pubic patch, denuding his groin completely. Another woman wiped away the froth and there stood Jarod's staff, proud and erect, as large as it had ever been. And the removal of the pubic hair made it seem even larger. The audience nodded in approval. Some women could be heard gasping at its sheer length and girth.

Jarod could see that Nola was being ritualistically shaved as well, her legs spread wide on the altar as other women shaved the luminous tufts of pubic hair from her pussy. Interesting, Jarod thought, that men did not perform the rite to Nola. The sight of feminine fingers tenderly rubbing and cleaning Nola's glorious pussy set Jarod's cock twitching in the air, something that many in the crowd took note of.

Loran walked over to her daughter, spread eagled on the marble slab. She began stroking Nola's bald pussy as she spoke to the crowd.

"This is the vessel of the Goddess, prepared for Kulan."

She leaned over the edge of the altar and began to kiss Nola's freshly shorn pussy. Soon, her tongue was working deeply into her cunt and Nola tossed her head from side to side. Loran rose up and walked over to Jarod.

"This is the glory of Shaka-Ree, Giver of Kulan."

Loran knelt before Jarod and took his swollen cock into her mouth. She slid it in and out of her mouth slowly three times, then sealed her lips just past the head and began to tease the opening of his cock with a fluttering of her tongue. It was a technique Jarod had never experienced before and he felt a surge of pleasure welling up inside him, but Loran pressed a thumb against the base of his cock, and he felt the impending orgasm subside.

Loran untied Jarod from the poles, removed his cloak, and brought him to the Throne. He was seated in repose, his cock standing high in his lap for all to see. In the audience Jarod could see people masturbating themselves or each other, though their eyes were still fixed on the ritual of the stage.

Nola was lifted from the altar and brought to stand before the Throne, her legs spread for the approving acclaim of the crowd. Jarod thought she glowed there, the whiteness of her pale skin and blonde hair against the backdrop of the shadowed throng. He looked at her glorious ass, a spare distance in front of him. He recalled the tightness of that asshole, which he had experienced once before when her mother guided Jarod's cock into her as she herself fingered her daughter as Jarod fingered her. Again his cock was fighting to be released, waving in the air, reaching of its own accord it seemed for Nola's ripe, round, girlish ass.

The crowd began to chant "Kulan, Kulan," in rhythm with the drums, and Loran helped Nola mount the armrests of the Throne. She grabbed Jarod's surging manhood and guided it skillfully, slowly, into Nola's hungry, wet cut. Nola quivered as she slid down and down on the long staff. She was exquisitely tight and slippery. Finally, a tense push, and he slid entirely into her cavity, and Nola began to ride up and down, slowly at first and then faster and faster still. She flexed her buttocks against Jarod's torso as contorted on his rigid cock. He returned her thrust with equal measure. Jarod reached from behind her and palmed her pert breasts, rubbing his palms over them in rhythm to their rocking fuck. 

Jarod lost track of time. It seemed to stand still. He did not see the crowd or hear the drums. He only heard his own deep grunting, coupled with Nola's screams of ecstasy. She was fairly shaking now in a seizure of pleasure. She had been in a state of orgasm for what seemed a limitless time, yet she showed no sign of coming down from the crescendo of her pleasure. She intended to ride him in wave after wave of orgasm until she passed out or died, and in her state she didn't care which happened. All she knew was that she wanted it to go on forever. The pulsing of erogenous pleasure made her quake,

"So, this is Kulan," Jarod thought. It was all he could think. His brain had ceased to function on a rational level. He couldn't even tell where his body ended and Nola's began. He seemed to be psychically linked to her, so that he felt what she felt. Her orgasm was his orgasm. He wasn't even aware at first of when the surging of his cum began or how long it had been pumping into her sweet cunt. His senses melted into hers and hers into his. There was No Jarod, no Nola, only nameless, endless bliss.

Loran, who stood beside the throne watching for the signs of orgasm, saw the rapture of pleasure on her daughter's face and smiled. She saw a trickle of cum emerge from between the pistoning cock and wet pink vulva lips. 

"Kulan is achieved!" she announced. To the cheers of the audience, she removed her clothing and waded into the throng of bodies before her, as the crowd began to suck and fuck each other in every imaginable combination. The drumming stopped, but the rhythm of the cadence continued as the See writhed in a knot of twisted flesh – hands and tongues and cocks penetrating mouths and cunts and asses in dizzying array. Here a cock erupted, spraying the face of woman who had been sucking it while her ass was being reamed by another cock and her pussy was being eaten out by a woman, who in turn was being fucked ass-and-cunt by two other men. Loran spread her legs wide and soon eager men and women were eating her pussy. A dark man with a cock larger even than Jarod's presented himself to her, and she sated her hunger for dick by sucking him off and then impaling herself on his still rigid tower. The pleasure/pain of that massive member in her ass drove her into waves of orgasm. All around the amphitheatre wafted the pungent aroma of sex. It was their intention for this to continue through the night.
