 In the mist filled dusk, holding her hands against the wall of a wooden building on a hilly backstreet of the port city of Kumatos along the great western shore, Ebony had no idea who the man ramming his cock into her cunt from behind was. Nor to be honest, did she really give a dam.

"Oh yeah, fuck me harder!" she cried out. That was about the limit of her concerns in that moment. She looked back over her shoulder. It was her first look at him to be honest. Less than a minute ago she'd been standing there minding her own business, mentally preparing for the final moment of three long years of travel across the islands of Eros. Three long years all for this night, all to find a way home, back to a place she could no longer remember.

All she knew was that it wasn't here, not Eros. She was an Outsider, as her lack of memory suggested and countless mages had been keen to point out. Apparently it made her an ideal fuck - mages sought her out for the charge fucking an Outsider could give.

But this man was no mage, just another sailor with a good thick cock needing an available pussy. He'd walked up from behind as she'd been bent over strapping her knives into her garters, spread her ass cheeks, and quietly slid his dick right into her cunt without a word between them.

But that was Eros for her. The first time that happened to her had been quite a shock. People here rarely asked for the fuck, if you didn't want it you just pushed them out of your cunt or slid them off your dick and they'd move on for the next available thrill. Sex was such a normal part of the way things were here, nobody thought anything of it.

An exotic beauty like Ebony was always in high demand, with her tall graceful athletic body, dark mahogany skin, and bleach blond hair kept into pigtails. Add to this a nice inviting pink clit nearly always poking out from between her bare nether lips. Even more so after she'd had the hood pierced with a charming little golden loop to match the ones in the prominent nipples crowning her small teats. Like everyone else in Eros, Ebony wore little more than her birthday suit. Just two garters on each leg with knives in them, the piercings and the hair-bands, and a small coin pouch on the garter of her right thigh. Otherwise, from head toe-tip, she was a naked beauty with come hither pink eyes and pouty fuck-me mouth.

Ebony rarely got more than a few blocks in any town on the Western Shore without being fucked or fondled or both.

So it really didn't matter who the sailor was, he didn't look all that much different from any of the other tan skinned locals; human, average height, strong muscles, rough hands from a life or work, tattoos denoting his class and profession, the smell of today's catch in his brown scraggy hair, and, most important to Ebony, a nice long thick and welcomingly hard cock. Even better, one that was presently ramming itself into her pussy at a good satisfying pace.

"Uh!" He grunted, shook and held himself, and the shot his load into her.

"Oh darn it honey," Ebony said. He'd come a little sooner than she'd have liked. The men here didn't last as long as the islanders. She was too exotic for them here. They fucked her more often, but rarely lasted long enough for her to cum.

At least this one had the decency to reach down and frig her fast and furiously, three fingers to the hilt, until she gave out her soft and high pitched gasp of relief. "Oh, oh oh..." she called out, steadying herself.

The sailor moved on, his dick soft and satiated. Even limp, it was at least two hand lengths long. If she wasn't leaving tonight, she might have tried to remember his face. Always good to know which men will make sure you get to cum. Now he was lost in the small crowd of people going to and fro. People who had barely stopped to care at the sight of him fucking her on the street like that.

"I've been in town too long," she thought. On her first night in the city, walking off the docks with her looks, it had been an orgy of cocks after her and a crowd of onlookers in the inn she'd picked to stay in. Everyone wanting to see the ebon skinned girl get fucked. As if the sight of a cock pulling back those pink lips from her dark skin was really all that different from the local girls they'd laid out beside her to compare.

Ebony turned from the wall and made her way up the hill. Her notoriety in this town would only make the task all that much more difficult. How exactly do you sneak into the largest temple in the city and steal the Jewel of Desire off its central alter in a place where you couldn't blend in with anyone and half the town must've been up your cunt by now?

The answer was to wait for nightfall. At least by then she'd have a prayer of a chance. And if all else failed, she had a tiny flask in her coin purse given to her by a sea witch for the price of a little tongue on clit action. It held the witch's nether juices, mixed with her spit, and was said to be just enough to conceal her presence for a few short minutes.

As full on night approached, Ebony made her way to the temple square. Some random coastal god of fishing. The statute outside looked like a merman with an obscenely large prick upon which many a local maiden would plant herself for good luck. One such young lass was at it as Ebony approached, furiously rubbing her clit to assist the cold stone in getting her off. For the luck to really work, you needed to ride the stone prick long enough to cum, or so the town priests claimed in their sermons. One of them was chanting a blessing as the busy girl busied her mouth with his dick.

Religion was just something Ebony didn't get. She'd seen mages who could work their charms just as with it as without. But it made the masses happy. Ebony fell in with that lot that claimed the gods were dead or at least too busy getting off in some netherworld to pay attention to the mortals. But then, in her travels, she'd seen more definitions of who or what the gods were than she could count.

Still, she took a coin from her purse, washed it in the fountain, put it in her pussy, and then tossed it into the basket shaped net held in the fishing god statue's left hand. All the while surveying the grounds. Like she'd done the night before and the night before that.

Not that the building had changed. A central dome with towers on three ends in a triangle and archways leading inside between them. Ebony knew that as night fell the high priestess of the temple would take the jewel she sought into her cunt and after an orgy with the evening flock, carry it into the northern tower. Ebony assumed it would then go to rest at the top of the tower, based on the scrying of the last witch of the islands who'd told her to come here.

She knew that she herself had to take the egg shaped Jewel of Desire into her cunt and fuck a stranger without him knowing it was there, and as his jism shot into her, she was be whisked away to whence she'd come. The sages had been very clear to her on this point over the past three years. Every oracle who'd spread her open and glanced up her canal had claimed to see it written as if in plain broad brush strokes, not that she'd seen anything herself squatting in front of a mirror.

Ebony sat and watched as the faithful gathered in the central room of the temple on cushions and pillows and began to fondle each other. She spread her legs for a woman with questing lips and let the energies take her body, all the while working to keep her senses sharp.

The priestess arrived, chanting away in that babbling tongue the overly religious resorted to. A few pixies darted about, attracted by the magical energy and performing aerial fuck stunts for the crowd below. The woman sucking on her cunt was being gently plowed by a man even more exotic than Ebony, a Faun, goat legs and all. She hadn't seen many non-humans in this town before tonight, just the odd gnome or goblin.

The priestess took the egg-shaped Jewel of Desire out from a belly socket of a naga statue in the center of the room and placed it within herself. Ebony noticed the moon shaped pubes above the woman's crotch. Only mages had pubic hair in Eros, everyone else was bald - cock or cunt. Ebony had never quite mastered the different shapes mage pubes came in. A half moon, pointing down, for a West Continent mage... what exactly did it mean?

The fist sized egg shaped jewel went in smoothly, but seeing its size, Ebony had her doubts any man would fail to notice it within her. "I'd have to fuck a pixie," she thought. The men among the flock began to line up around the priestess, who laid herself out on a cushioned platform. Each man seemed to give a particularized number of thrusts into her cunt before pulling out and joined the writhing masses scattered around the platform. As they did a steady glow accumulated around the priestess.

Ebony wasn't very partial to mage work, but leaving now would call undo attention, so let a pair of men take their turns in her ass and cunt as she tried to pay attention. After a good number of minutes and an stream of men and women having their way with her, Ebony felt a pulsing energy run through her - it felt of the sea, both refreshing and salty at the same time. Then the priestess, looking somewhat haggard and used, and coated in jism from top to bottom, rose up and left the room, singing a strange haunting chant like a woman's voice carried on a windy breeze.

Ebony felt a brief pang of guilt, knowing she'd soon be denying these people their most sacred relic. This was land that should have long ago been swept away in a coast storm, much as often happened up and down the coast of these shores. If she had to wager a guess, that nightly ritual was the only thing saving these people from the fate shared by the animals living in the wetlands around them.

She made her way outside, lingering behind the temple crowd. On reflection she noticed it was smaller than it had seemed, maybe only twenty or thirty people. More than likely most of them men there had had at least one dip into her cunt, ass, or mouth. She'd not been paying them as much attention as the priestess, and she was sure every man and quite a few women had had their way with that worn down woman. And not everyone here was in the prime of their youth, though chances were none of them had even been born by even the priestess's 50th year, not that the woman looked to be a day over 20. Despite the beauty of all the naked flesh around her, it was still something Ebony didn't trust about mages - people should grow old, that was just how nature worked, and mages didn't. At least not for a few lifetimes of regular mortals. It was hard to trust someone old enough to have buggered your grandmother with her wand when she herself was already, or at least should have already, been an old maid.

The crowd thinned, the lust for sex sated for the time being, even Ebony was left to herself to wander the temple grounds. She took it as an opportunity to examine the tower she knew she needed to breach. No door, nothing. On past nights she'd seen the priestess simply walk through the wall as it briefly spread itself apart like sand blowing away in the wind, only to reform behind her. Ebony's only hope was a good five stories up a straight tower; four windows. One for each cardinal point. Thankfully the wall was not so shear as it seemed close up, there were small foot and hand holds. Probably not enough to support a man's bulk, but Ebony had a lithe frame and a lot of experience at this sort of thing. Scaling walls that is. She'd had few skills upon first waking up in the world of Eros. In a land as sexed up as this place, getting buggered for coin wasn't a real option. A man would pay for a bath maiden or a massage girl, but only if she was actually good at those tasks, the sex he could get anywhere, and teach any such maiden to perform to taste. With her gymnast's body, Ebony was built for one of two things, mercenary work, or scaling walls to get things one person wanted but another had. And she didn't much care for killing, even if she'd learned to do her share. Not every wall could be scaled in perfect quiet after all.

The last of the gathering was gone, and Ebony had used her time well. With her dark skin and the4 momentary reprieve from sex hungry cocks she'd faded into the foliage around the tower. Now she sat crouched before the stones at its base, waiting for the moon to take leave of her presence behind the hills east of town and gently coaxing her fingers through her pussy in anticipation of the night's adventure. It wasn't desire for yet another sexing, but a simple case of calming nerves with the gesture she'd picked up from so many other women in her travels.

As the moon dropped away she took a small box from her purse and applied a black lotion to her lips, above and below, to hide the flash of pink. She then combed charcoal into her blond locks to gray them out as much as possible. Next came tiny little claws out of her purse and fixed them onto the bottom of her toes and tips of her fingers. While many in the West wore shoes or sandals, Ebony had long since taken to the Islander practice of bare feet. If your profession is scaling walls not meant to be scaled, it can help to have access to well trained toes.

Ebony gave one last look at the scene around her, taking in the tower in front of her, the garden behind her and the bushes she was hiding in, as well as the now empty square with the phallic fish god and the empty temple who's wide arches still lay open to a bare room inside, acolytes having long since cleared away the cushions and pillows that had surrounded the priestess' platform.

She steadied her nerves. This was always the worst part, right before the action. This was where mistakes were made. A deep breath. The Islander custom of tapping her clit for luck, careful not to poke herself with her climbing claws.

Ebony leapt forward in a burst of motion. Three long strides and a powerful leap, she took hold of the tower wall and began to climb. She wanted to be above eye level as quickly as possibly. She'd chosen the north eastern side, semi facing the hills and the down into a series of walled estates. The people there were the sort who felt smug enough not to be gazing dreamingly about and secure enough to lock themselves away in their compounds. There was no perfect angle to hide from prying eyes, but this was the best of possible choices. She would have to hope her dark brown skin would match the stones well enough to finish the job.

After a good story's worth of climbing Ebony slowed her pace to a careful crawl, taking in and remembering each foot and handhold for the journey down. Some climbers would have preferred a long rope and a crossbow to shoot up a grappling hook, but Ebony had seen firsthand companions fall prey to the alert that might set off to anyone waiting above. Much better to sneak up and surprise anyone or anything laying in wait at the top.

Five storys up a rounded tower wall is not fast business. Ebony was glad this wasn't insect mating season. She'd done that before, once, in the south near the hotlands. Climbing a city wall with her back to the boiling desert heat, so hot she imagined seeing the glass sands where nothing lived. She knew that was too far away, that only a mage could get close enough to actually see the place where the ground had melted and fused to glass, but it was the joke in that city state, on days when it just got too hot to bear, so hot even a fuck was hard to come by. And the bugs, getting under her skin or worse, on an hour long climb. All to get some piece of paper a fat merchant wanted to read and then toss into a fire, before sucking on her tits until he fell asleep on her with his cock still buried to the hilt and that weight of his belly pressing her down while the bugs continued to taste her in rude places and his jism slowly oozed out.

This was another one of those long climbs. Ebony had long ago learned caution was better than speed, even when you were worried about getting spotted. People didn't tend to shoot you off the wall, so much as make you get down and explain yourself. You could get out of something like that, one way or another, you could save your skin. But a fall, that had been the final end of a few past partnerships

The top. She held herself just under the lip of a window waiting for a sound. There was a soft light up there, this would be the most dangerous part of the trip. Anyone on this side of the city looking her way would spot her the moment she raised up. There was nothing she could do about that but accept it and hope for chance. But for anything on the other side of that window, careful perception would save her having to kill.

Not a sound. A hand went up, over the lip, then another. Ebony pulled herself up and flipped her naked body into the room beyond with cat like grace and perfect silence. Another reason she went barefoot. No thudding footfall. She look around, taking in her surroundings and instinctively crouching into an action pose, ready to unleash the flurry of her knives.

She'd struck gold. The room was a simple round affair with four windows and a trapdoor just to her left. The door was grated and she could see spiral steps below her. Best of all however, was another naga statue matching the one in the temple, and resting in its belly, as if the egg of an actual naga woman - and Ebony had been sexed up by enough to know the artist had his anatomy down pat - was the Jewel of Desire.

"Any flying thief could take this thing," she silently mused. She guessed maybe four pixies with a net between them could run off with it. The size of her fist, maybe a little less, but probably heavy for the little creatures. She hadn't seen any of the other flying races in her short time on the Western Shore.

A sound, from below, someone on the stairs approaching. What to do? Jumping out the window was too dangerous, not enough time to get a good hold below the lip, and anything higher and she'd be obvious to all but the stupid. Quickly she reached for her purse. Maybe she could avoid a kill.

Soft giggling and a sigh, as a man's hand pushed open the trapdoor. A youthful woman with large swaying breasts came up from below, swaying her rounded hips and giggling. She was naked but for a silken belt about her waist with colored scarves on her right and left hip. She looked straight to the spot where Ebony stood with large lusty emerald green eyes, and then smiled as she looked back down the stairs. "We're alone, Jaza," she said. "My poor little pussy wants to learn all about the stars."

The man ascended, glancing about the room. "Not as alone as you think, little Meyani." Ebony, standing not two feet from Meyani, mentally imagine the leap that would send the lusting maiden to her death out the far window, and how she would manage to spin kick Jaza before he caught wind.

But Jaza never looked her way, instead he focused on the Naga. "See the jewel? High priestess Neshali puts it here after the calming of the winds prayer. If you touch the jewel or the statue, and we'd both be dead in minutes."

Meyani drew in a sharp breath. "Its charmed? But how?"

"Neshali's great grandmother bound the spirit of the Naga pirate queen that once raided these shores into this statue after the townsfolk captured. She will kill anyone but a descendant of her captor who tries to take her egg; the jewel, or touch her form.

"But I touch the Naga in the temple every morning during Maiden's rite?" Meyani said, looking at the statue in fear. Ebony noted her hardened nipples - the temple maiden wasn't just fearful. And certainly, Jaza's hard cock spoke well to his primary interests.

"That's just harmless stone, its not charmed at all. You rub yourselves against it out of custom. Makes the townspeople happy to see us engaged in rituals, makes them think we're up to more than the simple charms it takes to guard the town and their spirits." Jaza said.
