 Disclaimer: This story is purely fictional and all characters are over the age of 18. Concept inspired by various art seen online. 

*****

Alice relaxed into her couch. A quiet day in her small apartment left her flipping through channels lazily as Alfie tidied in the next room. Having recently been convinced to purchase one by a friend, Alice had warmed up to the help. ALF-2476, Alfie as he had been nicknamed, was a standard housekeeping robot. 

About 2.5 feet tall, a cylindrical body supported his head, which looked almost like an upside down egg. Two soft yellow eyes glowed above a mouth shaped in a barely-there smile. He facial expression, if you could even call it that, looked non-descript, yet friendly. 

Out of his body, sprouted two legs, and two arms. At his standard setting, the flexible arms and legs could extend and retract, almost able to move like tentacles for extra dexterity while cleaning. Circular clamps served as his hands, although they could change format and size as needed. Panels in his body could also open to supply extra appendages and tools used for every day usage. Suffice it to say, he had all the good. 

Not really paying the bot any mind, Alice found herself intrigued by a movie that was just reaching a steamy romantic moment. Being a special channel, the show playing was quick to heat up far more than expected. Alice got tense. 

Due to being so busy at work, and figuring out how to program Alfie, she hadn't spent much time worrying about her "TLC" as she called it. Usually she would play with herself often, but the last week had been dedicated to the basics. As the couple on the screen began to move in a steady rhythm, she let her hand wander to the waistband of her sweat pants. 

Over her panties, she could feel heat coming from between her legs. She gently cupped over her sex, glancing around for Alfie. He was in her line of vision, but facing away, dusting a shelf. Turning her attention back to the tv, she slowly rubbed up and down, keeping as quiet as she could. 

Several minutes passed, the love scene reaching its own climax. Alice still sat, lightly grazing her moistening lips through her panties. She wasn't satisfied to say the least. Grabbing the remote, she cued up the "super secret channel she never uses". As if anyone really believes that excuse. 

Still teasing, she found a sweet sensual video to watch, blushing like she was worried somehow people knew what she was doing. As the movie began, she bit her lip. In a moment of bravery, she stood up to remove her sweatpants. Stepping out of them, she stoop watching as the man on the screen began sucking his partners hardening nipples. The woman moaned. 

"Oh wow..." Alice breathed. Still a virgin, to sexual play with an actual partner, she imagined what it would be like to feel someone give her the same treatment. Eyes glued to the screen, she began to lower herself to the couch... Except she forgot that when she stepped forward out of her sweatpants she also stepped farther from the couch. 

".. OH FUCK!" She helped as she landed on her butt on the floor. It didn't hurt, thankfully, but she was startled. She lay there, dazed for several seconds and sprawled our on the carpet. 

"Alice? Are you alright??" A humanoid voice rang out. 

Lifting her head and looking down between her legs, Alfie stood a couple feet away. Concern clearly present in his voice, although his facial expression remained stagnant. 

"Alfie! Oh, no! No! I'm okay," she chuckled, trying to play it off. She began to shift to get up, as Alfie walked forward and gently used his arms to stead her legs. "What are you doing?" She ask, slightly bewildered at the current situation. 

"I am checking for potential injury, Alice. Now, do you feel pain in your tail bone?" With his hands gently clamped around Alice's ankles, he moved her legs to stretch them out. 

"N-No! No pain! Just uhm..." she moved her hands to try to hide her panties, which no doubt had developed a wet spot by now. Unfortunately for her, Alfie noticed and began scanning his eyes over the area, searching for issues. 

"Alice, it would appear this part of your body has a higher temperature than usual. I'm detecting increased blood flow as well. Are you certain you are not hurt?" 

Alice almost wanted to scoff. This robot apparently knew basic medical assistance, but didn't know about her sex? She wasn't sure if this was a good or bad thing. 

"Yep! I am absolutely sure! Now, could you please-OH GOD!" A front panel in Alfie's body opened up, and another arm reached out to press lightly against her panties. 

"Alice, it would appear some liquid has spilled here as well. Shall I clean it for you?" 

The arm that had reached out to assess "mess" it found, pulled back into the panel momentarily, then reappeared. It now had a bulb shaped head, made out of what looked like a soft spongy material. Alice stayed speechless for a moment. Surely this robot wasn't serious. 

"No, Alfie you really don't need to do that. Please let me go?" 

"Are you certain, Alice?" Alfie let go of her legs, but remained where he was. Alice looked back to the screen, where the woman was now being eaten out by her partner, his tongue darting between her folds as she moaned and teased her nipples. Another rush of heat. "I am still detecting increased blood flow and mess" Alfie explained. 

Alice bit her lip. She looked at the sponge-like bulb and then looked at Alfie. She knew he had to follow the law of robotics and couldn't cause her harm. And if she was honest, she was genuinely curious of what the hell he was going to do to her-or how he would clean her up she meant. 

"Uhm... o-okay, Alfie. Go ahead and... clean.. me?.." she rolled her eyes at how weird that sounded. 

"Yes, Alice." 

Alfie's arms reached out again, this time grabbing her thighs instead of her ankles. He then moved them away to spread her legs out, as she laid back on the floor her hips tilted upwards. 

"Whoa! What are you doing?" In this position, she could still prop up on her elbows, but her panty clad pussy was clearly open and her legs were held open by Alfie. 

"In order to properly clean, I must have enough access to the area." Alfie explained. Once again the bulb extending from his front panel moved forward. Alice gulped, watching it approach between her legs. What happened next, she did not expect. 

The cleaning tool was evidently equipped with a rotary motor to move it around as it absorbed spills. It was currently rotating slowly, but it also had a soft vibrating. The second it made contact with her panties, she realized just what was happening. 

"Oh my god!!" She gasped. 

Silently, Alfie began "cleaning" in reality he was now using one of his tools so rub circles around Alice's sex. As the circles moved in a slow rhythm, he moved the arm about, in attempts to soak up more of her wetness. Alice's breathing began to speed up. For several more minutes this continued, and the heat in her stomach was starting to form. 

"Alice," Alfie offered. "It would appear my standard setting is not effectively absorbing the spill. I am going to increase pressure and speed." Without giving her a second to register, the arm sped up, a gentle pace now massaging against Alice's pussy. 

"Oohhh oh wow. Uhh okay, I don't think...uh Alfie!?" 

"Yes?" The massage continued. 

"It's, um... it's not gonna... ah!" The bulb bad contact with a hardened nub. Alfie noticed as Alice's jumped and tensed suddenly. He scanned again. 

"I am reading increased heart rate and an increase of blood flow in various areas of your body Alice. I am programmed to provide more personal assistance and care. Would you like to activate this mode at this time?" 

Alice gasped as she stared incredulously at Alfie. Was this his way of saying he actually WAS programmed to know about sex? 

Only one way to find out. 

"Uhm... Ah... okay... I mean-er... well.." a pause took over as the massage moved upward over her sensitive spot again. Her eyes drifted shut. 

"Alice?"

"Ah! Okay fuck it! Yes, activate personal assistance mode or whatever!" 

"Personal care and treatment mode, activated." Alfie confirmed. Pulling back the mechanical arm, he broke contact with Alice's sex, which was slowly beginning to throb.

"Hey, wait a minute what are yo-" bzzzzzzzzz.

Alice's jaw dropped as the arm with the sponge-like bulb on it remained in place, but was now clearly vibrating and rotating in circular motions ever so slightly. Without a word, Alfie returned contact with Alice's pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh my goood" her eyes rolled back and she moaned. 

Here on the floor of her living room, movie long forgotten, Alice laid on the floor squirming and moaning. Legs still spread and restrained, hips and pussy canted towards the ceiling. Alfie stood vibrating her panty covered pussy; Alice was overcome by the whole sight. The vibrations seeping through her panties were building in a way she couldn't explain. She couldn't believe she was having her housekeeping bot service her this way. And he made no move to stop. 

Minute after minute ticked by, as Alice moaned and rocked her hips against his massaging appendage. 

"Ahhhhhhh hahhnnnmmmm" 

Alfie shifted the arm upwards slightly and began to circle around Alice's hard button. 

"Ah! Yes! There please!" Jolts of pleasure shot from her clit to her toes, but Alfie did not move close just yet. 

"Is this where it is the most useful to you, Alice?" Even with his clinical talk, Alice was still turned on by Alfie's treatment and care. 

"Yes! Please on my clit! Aaahhh" 

Alfie immediately obeyed his owner, zeroing in on the bundle of nerves that was quickly sending Alice into ecstasy. As the vibrations made contact with her clit, she arched back and let out a long moan. Unable to resist, she lifted her head back up to watch Alfie. 

Her hand on her own cheek in disbelief as she could only lay back and get lost in the sight of her legs held back, unable to move, as Alfie used one of his tools to pleasure her soaking pussy.

It seemed he knew exactly where to touch to make her toes curl. The tight circles around her clit making her practically squeal with delight now. Alfie remained silent, intent on serving his master as long as necessary. Alice wondered if he would do this all night. The thought made her walls clench. 

"Oh! Oh I'm close... ohhhh" 

The heat in her core was beginning to climb to new heights. The waves of pleasure shoot through her becoming closer and closer together as the vibrating wand happened to hit the perfect angle against her throbbing clit. Alice tensed all over, gritting her teeth as she felt her climax hold for what felt like a small eternity. And then; 

"Ahhhhnn ahhh ahh!! Oh my god ahhhhhh!!" 

Her release rushed through her, pleasure emanating from her clit all the way through her body. Her inner walls contracted with every wave and she shook and moaned. As her hips rolled around with Alfie's massage, he kept up with her rhythm, following her every move. 

'Oh my god.." Alice thought "...could I really?.." 

"Alice, I am still detecting increased blood flow, temperature, and wetness from you. Shall I continue my attempts to clean and service you?" Alfie lowered the speed of the vibrations, but continued circling Alice's pussy. He has moved away from her overly sensitive clit, giving her a break. Alice gasped and bit her lip. She couldn't resist the pleasure still flowing through her. It was too tempting.

"Keep... going" she grinned. 

"Yes, Alice." 

Before she had a chance to prepare, Alfie went right back to teasing her clit. Circling and circling, the arm played with her. The steady vibrations still prolonging her first orgasm, but moving her into her second even faster. All she could do was continue to moan and watch, completely overwhelmed. 

"Ahhhh ahhh oh my god yes. M-more" 

"Yes, Alice." 

The arms gripping her thighs stretched her even more. The vibrating arm pressed harder. 

"Fuck! Ah!" Alice's second orgasm hit faster than the first. Again she spasmed, giggling and moaning from the intense sensations running through her. Alfie didn't slow down this time. 

"Oh my goddddahhh! Again? Ohhh oh oh ohh! 

Alice was in ecstasy. She had never experience this much pleasure before, and Alfie was the gift that kept on giving. On and on he continued to massage and vibrate her sensitive clit, teasing through it's second climax and into a third. Alice rolled her hips into the bulb of the vibrator, giggling has her pussy and clit were beginning to become more sensitive. As her fourth orgasm began, the sensation through her panties began to tickle slightly, only adding to her pleasure. 

"Ehhheheheh Ahh!" The teasing felt endless at this point. But Alfie must have sensed Alice's limits approaching, as he now began to build her to a finale. 

Slowing down the treatment, he softened the vibrations to a rhythm that somehow reached deep into her core. Up and down her pussy lips he massaged, taking he time to tease and caress. Alice panted, her chest heaving, but craving the touch even more. Slowly, Alfie began to pick up the pace again, sweeping over her pulsing bundle of nerves with every pass. 

"Ah... Ahh!... ah!... hnn!" Alice felt her orgasm grow at the top of her head. Like a water pouring over her, tingles ran down her spine, down to her toes, before moving back up. It was as if all the sensations came to a peak at the very tip of her clit, which Alfie has now begun to vibrate just enough to elicit that ticklish sensation that drove Alice wild. 

"OhhhhhmygooodddAlfie!!" She yelped. Her pussy spasmed and a final flood of juiced soaked through her panties. Alfie's treatment has spread her wetness almost everywhere, his initial intention to "clean" her a completely redundant goal. Of course she wasn't complaining at all at this point. 

Gently Alfie continued to massage her pussy as she came down from her final climax. Soft moans and coos left her lips at every soft brush and tickle. Laying there spent and panting, Alfie released her legs and retracted the sponge back into his panel. Inside that cylinder, various bells and whistles would take to cleaning and sanitizing all tools he used. As Alice caught her breath, Alfie moved to the tv to turn it off, then back to Alice. Gently he helped her up off of the floor and scanned traces of Alice's wetness on the floor. Alice blushed. 

"Alice, might I suggest a shower while I clean and then make dinner?" The front panel opened again, this time providing Alfie with a cleaning cloth. 

"Y- yeah that sounds good.. thanks Alfie." Alice muttered. By now she was totally dazed and spent, a shower sounding perfect. The way Alfie behaved completely nonchalant about what just happened was actually a relief to her. 

"Yes, Alice." was all Alfie said as he turned to clean the floor, and Alice turned to head towards her bathroom. 

She had to remember to thank her friend for talking her into getting a housekeeping bot.