 Preface: Evil Will Be Cleansed

Our world has changed from the paradise that was established for mankind. We live in a time and place where innocent children are blown up by suicide bombers in the name of religion. Fear and greed permeate our modern lives and our elective representatives have been corrupted by their thirst for money and power. Evil had taken over the modern world.

Many religions, in their writings, deal with what would happen if and when the world would become corrupted as it is today. In the book of Revelations it's stated that the end would come in the form of an apocalypse. Fire would rain down from heaven and cleanse away the evil.

The Bible tells us that God sent his son to teach mankind piety. His son died to pay for our sins so man could be reborn. His resurrection and assent to heaven was to be our last chance.

However, some religious scholars feel that God loves his creation to much to destroy it completely. This theory leaves the question unanswered as to how the evil that has flourished in his beloved creation will be destroyed and how modern man will return to a pious life.

Chapter 1: Be Careful What You Wish For

It had been nearly a month since my sister had decided to spend some time with me. I had gone through a very nasty divorce which left me drained of most of my money and all of my lust for life. My sister was the only one who could relate to my pain because her marriage had also ended unhappily two years ago.

My name is Randy Mathews and I'm 26 years old. I have a pool cleaning business in Atlanta so I got to spend my days outside in the fresh air. My sister's name is Rachel, I guess my parents liked names that started with R, and she is 27. With us being so close in age we grew up together and we were always best friends.

Rachel got married when she was just 22. I never liked the guy that she picked. In fact I really hated him. I knew Rachel was too good for that cheating bastard. He would brag to his buddies how he could have any girl anytime. It didn't take long after they were married for him to cheat on Rachel. She forgave him the first two times she caught him fucking some slut but she finally threw his ass out. I was sorry for her but I knew it was for the best.

My marriage was even worse. My ex signed up for every credit card offer that came to us in the mail. She used the checks they include with the new credit cards in order to max out the accounts almost as soon as they were established. It didn't take long for my credit score to nose dive. I went from a 740 FICO to 580 in just a little over a year. The bill collectors called night and day. Once my ex realized that we couldn't get any additional credit she left and moved in with a new boyfriend. In looking back at it now I don't think she ever loved me. She worked as a part time accountant and I think she saw me as an easy mark. I wasn't a virgin but I had very little experience dating. She just seduced me and then cleaned me out. It's hard to trust after that. 

Rachel and I would often talk on the phone so she knew how much I was hurting. Since she had moved back in with mom and dad after her separation she offered to come down from Michigan and be with me until I felt better. It was a gift from heaven. She was the one person who would relate to my situation and the one person I trusted completely.

She drove down and we set her up in the guest bedroom in my apartment. We had to share a bathroom since my place had only one. But I didn't mind at all. Rachel is a very beautiful woman. She is a tall redhead with a sexy figure. Her breasts appeared to be of average size. Maybe a "B cup" but I wasn't sure at the time. She has a very pretty face and a youthful look. Rachel even gets carded because she has such a baby face.

I felt better every day that Rachel was with me. After just three months she had helped me get my life back in order and even helped me out with my business. I loved it when she would help me outside. She would wear a bikini top and cut off jeans while doing the pools. I could get lost in time just watching her. I was so lucky to have her.

My life was about to change so dramatically that no human could even contemplate what was about to happen to me. It started on a Friday night. I had taken Rachel to a movie and we were going to grab a bite to eat afterwards. The movie complex was a new one in downtown Atlanta. They had 36 screens so we had our choice of many different movies. Rachel wanted to watch a romantic comedy called "Kate and Leopold" which was about a 19th Century Duke who shifted in time and ended up in modern day New York City. He meets Meg Ryan and they eventually fall in love. She follows him back to his time and they live happily ever after. The movie was OK but it made me think how love can make people do anything. 

I knew I was in love with Rachel. I loved her so much and could never tell her. I had often dreamed and wished that she would come into my bedroom in the dark of night and slide into bed with me. We would then make passionate love all night. 

I know you think I'm a perv because I want to have sex my sis. It's the closeness and love I need, and she is the only person who I really want to be with. I wished that I would never be without her again.

After the movie we walked to the restaurant which was about five blocks away. It wasn't the best part of town and there were some homeless people around. We saw an old guy who looked in bad shape. We stopped for a minute and I asked him: "Are you OK old timer?"

"I'm hungry" he replied. He was very dirty and his clothes were tattered. 

I reached into my pocket and pulled out five dollars. "Here you go mister. Why don't you go buy yourself a dinner."

He looked at us with his piercing eyes. Then he stared right at me. "You want something don't you?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean that I know what you want. It is so powerful in you. Your desire is overpowering."

"How do you know what I want mister?"

"I feel it. I know it. And tonight it's going to become true."

"What's going to become true mister?"

"You will never be apart from her again after tonight."

Rachel looked at him and asked: "Who is her?"

The old man turned and walked into a darkened alley. There was no way we were going to follow him back there.

I looked at Rachel with a smile "Strange old man wasn't he?"

We talked about him off and on as we ate our dinner. Rachel wondered if the old man was talking about her or someone else. We just laughed it off. After dinner we returned home and went to our separate bedrooms.

Chapter 2: A Gift

It was late and I fell asleep quickly. I had a strange dream about the old man we met earlier. In the dream he was a god with power over life and death. He could see all and understand everything. He knew how much I needed to be close to my sister. He knew I never wanted to be without her again. In the dream he came to me and said: "You kindness to me was a wonderful gift. I will return your kindness with a gift in return. Tonight you will make love to your sister. And after tonight you will never be apart from her again." In this very intense dream the old man waved his arms and then disappeared.

I rolled over onto my back and fell into a deeper sleep. I never heard my bedroom door open. I didn't see my beautiful sister walk to the side of my bed. And I never saw her remove her robe revealing her beautiful young nude body. But I awoke as she slid under the covers and pulled her body on top of mine. I started to speak but she placed her lips on mine.

It was a kiss as I had never experienced. It was soft and sensual but at the same time it was electric and overpowering. Our mouths opened and I felt our tongues touch. We pressed our mouths together and our tongues intertwined. I was wearing boxers but my cock was now sticking up through the waist band. Her body was rubbing on it. I pushed my hips up in an attempt to mate with her as we continued to kiss.

This was a dream. It had to be. But it felt so real. Then Rachel broke the kiss. She lifted up and said. "Let's pull off your boxers Randy. I want to feel you inside me."

This was no dream!!! My sister and I were going to make love. As she lifted up I pulled my boxers down and managed to get them half way down my legs. But even before I could get them off Rachel was holding my hard cock in her hand and rubbing the big purple head on her wet slit. In a single downward thrust she had impaled herself on my rod.

Oh god we were fucking. My cock was deep inside my sister's beautiful body. She worked her hips up and down until she had every bit of my manhood inside her. She then leaned forward and our mouths locked in another passionate deep kiss. Our mouths never parted as she started riding me. Her wet pussy was sliding up and down on my hard cock. My hips would rise to meet of her downward pushes. This was by far the best sex I had ever known.

I could feel my approaching orgasm building in my balls. The pressure of a huge ejaculation was becoming my only thought. This was now pure animal lust. I was thrusting up as hard as I could to bury my cock deep inside her. I could also tell Rachel was getting close. We were going to cum at the same time. That never happened with my ex. 

Rachel's body began to tense up, quiver, and then shake. Her pussy clamped down so hard on my cock. It was more than I could take and I went over the edge. My first shot of cum erupted into my sister's womb. Her mouth pressed down on mine and she inhaled so deeply that it took my breath. I couldn't breathe. I was shooting my sperm into her pussy and I couldn't breathe. God I can't breathe. OH GOD!!!......Oh God!!.......oh god!.......oh god........oh............

Chapter 3: The Awakening

I don't know how long I was out. I guess I had passed out during my intense orgasm and the lack of air. Wow was that ever intense. I still felt so strange there in the darkness. I could feel Rachel's warm body under me but she wasn't moving. 

How the hell did she get under me? I was on the bottom and Rachel was on top. Did we do it in the missionary position and I can't remember?

I shook her and said: "Wake up Rachel." 

But as I touched her and shook her she felt so different. Then I ran my fingers through her hair. "What the hell..." Rachel's beautiful hair had been cut short and she wouldn't wake up.

I reached over and flipped the light switch. "Oh God I'm must be dead!" I screamed as I looked down at my lifeless body. It was me. I mean it was my body that I felt under me. I must be dead. 

It was at that same moment that I also realized that I wasn't in my body. I looked down at my torso and saw a female body. In fact I was in Rachel's body. "What is happening to me?" I cried out. 

If you have ever felt so confused that you had no idea what to do next then you know how I felt at that instant in time. I just closed my eyes. "This is a dream Randy.....This is a dream Randy......This is a dream Randy.......wake up!!!!!" I spoke the words and reopened my eyes. There was my body. I was still on top of my body and trapped inside of Rachel. And as I got off I felt a softening cock slide from between my legs. Warm cum was dripping from me. 

"Oh God please tell me this is happening. Please god let me wake up."

I kneeled down on the bed next to my body. I could see that it was breathing. "I'm still alive" I thought. I started shaking my body's arm and saying: "Wake up.....please wake up."

I saw movement and then my eyes opened slowly. "Maybe I can return into myself. I'm waking up." But as I watched my body move I was still inside of Rachel. 

"What happened...........Oh how......this can't be...........Stop!!!!!!!!" were the words coming from my body. I knew that second that it was Rachel's essence that was in my body just as my essence was now in hers. Somehow we had changed bodies during that intense orgasm.

Rachel was just as trapped as me. She started crying hysterically. "What has happened? Are we dead?"

I put my now female arms around her and held her close. "Rachel, listen to me. We are not dead. We are definitely still alive. I think I know what happened to us. Somehow we switched bodies just as we orgasmed."

She looked at me still crying and asked: "How is that possible?"

"I don't know Sis. I think that creepy old man had something to do with it. I dreamed about him tonight right after going to bed. Then you came in and made everything he said come true."

"Oh Randy, I dreamed of him too. He possessed me somehow. I couldn't stop myself. He wanted me to make love to you. I wanted to but he actually made it seem so right to really do it. And you felt so wonderful when we kissed."

"Rachel, we got to figure a way back. Here put on these clothes of mine and I will wear your robe and let's figure this out."

We went into the kitchen and I sat at the table. Rachel stood by the stove in my body and started some hot water boiling. "Come on Rachel sit down."

She looked at me and said: "I feel so strange. Your body is so much stronger than mine."

"Yeah, I feel weird too. I got to ask you something Sis. I got to pee. Is there anything I need to know? I mean I never saw a girl pee."

"Oh god........I can't believe this. Just sit on the toilet and when you are finished wipe it dry there with some toilet paper."

"I'll be right back Sis."

"OK I will make us some hot tea and it will be ready when you come back."

I really had to pee so I quickly sat down and just let it go. It was a feeling of relief as a stream of golden yellow liquid flowed from my new body. I felt better. Then I grabbed some tissues and started to wipe. I had never seen my sister's pussy close up. It was pitch black when we made love an hour ago. My sister's pussy was mostly clean shaven with a small patch of red pubic hair above her slit. She must have recently shaved because as I touched the sensitive skin of the labia it was baby smooth. 

As I touched it felt so good. I could also feel my male mind filling with lust. This was after all a beautiful woman's body. It was also a body I had dreamed of making love to. Now I was touching its most erotic parts. My index finger soon found my clit. Or maybe I should say Rachel's finger found her clit. This is so confusing. But it felt good and I felt the nub harden and swell with my excitement. My robe was open and I started touching my left breast with my left hand. The nipple was like a little hard pencil eraser. It was sticking straight out. I could see how beautiful Rachel's breasts and nipples were. Her entire body is so beautiful. She has little pink nipples.

I was getting so excited touching. I felt my excitement rising. Just then the bathroom door opened. "Do you need any help...........Oh god no.......You can't be doing that."

There was Rachel in my body seeing me fingering her body's clit and pinching her nipples. She slammed the door and screamed as she walked away: "Men are all Pigs."

I was so embarrassed by what she had seen me doing. It was wrong and I knew it. I had to go apologize.

I wrapped the robe closely around me and tied the belt. I had to face her. "Rachel, Sis. I'm so sorry. You got every reason to be mad. I'm an idiot for doing that. Please forgive me."

"It's so hard seeing you in my body Randy. Why did this happen? I thought you were kind to that old man. Why did he do this to us?"

"Sis, I got to confess something. I think somehow he read my mind. He knew I was in love with you. He knew I needed to be with you. He just was trying to make me happy I guess."

"But we were just together. That was your wish. Why did he make us change bodies?"

"Do you remember when he said something about me never being apart from her? I think by putting my mind into your body I would never be separated from you."

"What should we do Randy?"

"I don't know Sis. Maybe we should go find him in the morning and ask him to change us back."

"Yes that's a really good idea. Let's get started as soon as it becomes light."

"Do you think we should get some sleep now Sis?"

"I don't know. This whole damn thing is so crazy. I guess so. But let's sleep together tonight."

Rachel climbed into my bed still wearing my jeans and tee shirt. I took off the robe and laid down beside her. We were both exhausted and soon fell asleep.

Chapter 4: Hunting For A Miracle

Rachel was the first to wake. I could see we had overslept because the sun was shining brightly. I could her peeing in the bathroom. She appeared to have no problems with my male anatomy.

"Wake up we got to get going." She commanded me as she emerged from the bathroom while zipping up her jeans. 

"I don't know what to wear Rachel."

"Come on let me show you where my stuff is." She showed me the dresser with her clothes all neatly put away. "Why don't you wear these jeans and this top? Here are some fresh panties and a bra. I will get you some sneakers and socks too."

I put on the panties and was struggling a bit with the bra. Rachel said: "Stop. Girls don't put it on that way." She showed me how to hold it and do it. 

"Now it makes sense how you can do that so fast." I said with a little laugh.

I finished getting dressed. It was OK wearing her panties and jeans but it was very strange wearing a bra. And her long hair was a problem too. Rachel has slightly longer than shoulder length red hair. And she wears it so that she has bangs in front. To me it was as if hair was everywhere. I tried to brush it but it still seemed a mess.

Rachel was cooking some eggs. I was grateful that she was still doing the domestic stuff even though I was now the one in the female body. If I can't change back I'm going to make a sorry wife.

We ate and then drove down to where the old man was the previous night. We found plenty of homeless people living in the alleys but we didn't see the old man we were looking for. The homeless people we asked didn't know him either. We searched for hours and hours until we just gave up. It was hopeless for now. 

My sister looked at me and said: "Lets come back tonight and maybe he will be here then Randy."

We drove home and talked about what we were going to do. We had to find this man. We felt certain that he would change us back. 

Rachel thought of an idea. She said: "Lets do everything just like last night. We will wear the same clothes and go to the movies and then to the restaurant. If he is some kind of mystical being then maybe that will make him reappear.

We agreed to her plan but it required me to wear a dress and make up. "Sis you are going to have to show me how to do your make up. I don't even have a clue." 

Rachel sat in front of me with her make up case. There was a mirror so I could see what she did. She showed me how to put on the foundation and the blush and then she did my eyes and lips. I was nervous with that pencil so close to my eye but she had me looking good. I had to wear panty hose but after she showed me how you roll each leg up first then it wasn't hard at all. But wearing high heels was definitely a challenge. These were almost three inch heels and I felt very wobbly but I started to take smaller steps and that worked better.

We saw the same movie and had the exact same size popcorn and drinks. I held onto her or I guess I should say his arm as she had held me the night before. The movie was the same and Kate and Leopold were once again reunited in the past. We needed what had happened to them on screen. We needed a miracle of faith. A miracle that would change us back into ourselves again.

We left the theater and retraced our steps from the previous night. There he was!!!!. I whispered to Rachel: "Ask him if he is OK like I did last night."

Rachel in my body and my clothes asked: "Are you OK old timer?"
