 Copyright Oggbashan June 2016

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

This is an unreal fantasy involving alien femdom and unbirth. 

*****

The small hotel looked almost deserted although there was a lit vacancy sign. I had been driving on minor roads for hours, changing direction frequently to shake off my pursuers. I must have lost them because no vehicle had been in sight behind me for at least an hour or two.

I had been aware that there were alien predators at large in the country but had thought, like most people, that I was more likely to be struck by lightning than encounter one.

It was dark and I was very tired. An overnight stop so far from any town should be safe. My real problem was that my enemies were shape shifters. I had no idea what they might look like and they could change their appearance within a quarter of an hour. All of them were linked into one single collective consciousness. What one knew, they all knew. They have a very limited ability to read human minds to decide what shape would be most attractive to the victim. 

They take over humans by sexual contact. When one identifies a suitable recruit they change shape to be that person's ideal sex partner. The males have to persuade the human female to swallow some cum. The females have to get the human male to drink milk from a breast. Before either method happens they can reduce the human's will to resist by an exchange of bodily fluids. Kissing is enough but for the shape shifter females cunnilingus is even more effective, making the human male completely helpless and unable to resist taking a breast.

What I had discovered that was so dangerous to their campaign was that the shape shifters have no tolerance of alcohol. A single unit was enough to make them unable to read minds, and their sexual traps become inoperative. More than a single unit, and they become suggestible themselves.

I hadn't discovered that by being an investigator of aliens. It was only due to an overworked barman's simple mistake. I was in a hotel bar again after yet another visit to a subsidiary company. I was alone in a large crowd of rugby supporters celebrating their team's unlikely win. Larissa, or that's what she called herself, saw me and had decided that I was her most suitable victim. She had gone to her hotel room and changed her appearance to be my ideal woman. She had changed her clothing too. Instead of a figure fitting dress she was wearing a dark skirt and white blouse. Once the change was complete she had returned to the bar. I wouldn't have recognised her as the same woman who had left a quarter of an hour earlier.

She came across to my table carrying a glass of orange juice.

"Do you mind if I join you?" she asked. All the other tables were full so it was a reasonable request.

"Be my guest," I said automatically.

Over the next half an hour I was very well aware that I had an attractive woman facing me. We talked, as strangers can, about everything and anything. I needed another drink and I offered to buy something for her.

"Yes please," Larissa said, "an orange juice, please."

That's when the barman made the mistake that started me fleeing. I wanted a double Scotch. Until then I had been drinking spa water. I ordered the orange juice and Scotch but the barman was already serving two of the rugby supporters, waiting for their pints of lager to stop foaming. When he had topped up their pints he turned back to me.

"A double, you said?"

"Yes. On my room number."

I didn't notice the amount on the till, nor the barman's actions. I was too busy looking at Larissa, my ideal woman. What the barman had given me was a double Scotch and an orange juice laced with a double vodka. I took the drinks to our table. Over the next quarter of an hour Larissa left her drink untouched while making it very clear that she wanted me. I don't know how she did it, but I agreed to go with her to her room. She picked up the orange juice and drank it in one continuous movement before we left the bar.

In the lift she grabbed me and kissed me fiercely. I responded as any male would do with the woman of his dreams kissing him. I kissed her back. She pulled her lips away for a couple of seconds before kissing me harder with her tongue lashing around inside my mouth. We had to break contact to leave the lift. Larissa was looking intently at me as if there was something wrong. She pulled me along the corridor into her room.

Inside the room she stripped both of us as quickly as she could. Her clothes and mine were dropped beside the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs.

"Please John, kiss me there," Larissa said pointing at her exposed lips.

I dropped to my knees. If that's what she wanted as foreplay, I was willing. Her hands clutched my head and a leg hooked behind my neck to pull me closer in. I licked, tongued and nibbled. I think I'm a reasonable performer at cunnilingus. I gave Larissa one of my better efforts for quarter of an hour.

She straightened her leg before pushing my head slightly away from her. She was looking quizzically at me.

"It isn't working, is it?"

What did she mean? She was obviously aroused. She had been squealing as my tongue worked on her.

"Never mind," she said, "I'll try anyway. Suck my breast!"

That was an order, a firm order, not a request.

"Not yet, in a minute or two," I said.

That was obviously the wrong thing to say. Larissa burst into tears. Between her sobs she said:

"My first solo attempt and I've failed."

"What do you mean, your first solo attempt?" I asked, puzzled.

Over the next half hour Larissa reluctantly told me that she had been human but had recently been converted into an alien shape shifter. She was supposed to capture and convert human males. She had managed two in partnership with a longer converted human woman as her trainer and assistant. Very few men could turn down an offer from two attractive women who had assumed the shape most desirable to him.

I had been her first solo attempt. Once she had kissed me I should have been incapable of resisting any suggestion she might make. But that hadn't happened in the lift. Larissa should have been aware of the change in me. She thought that was because it was her first time on her own and I had changed but she hadn't picked up the subtle signal. Cunnilingus was a much stronger method of controlling a human male. I had been licking her for a long time yet I had not obeyed her order to suck her breast. That should have been impossible, yet it had happened.

She was in contact with other shape shifters but the contact was poor, like a weak mobile signal. She was told that she must have drunk some alcohol, and that had nullified her powers to control me, and reduced the to link to them. I pressed her for more and more details. Apparently the females all have slight bumps. They pretend that they are pregnant so no protection is necessary and that explains their milky breasts. 

Larissa was as suggestible as I should have been but the alcohol was wearing off. She became less willing to cooperate. I knew I was in danger. If the alcohol left her system she could seduce me again. I made my excuses and left her room as fast as I could. Back in my own room I packed hurriedly, booked out of the hotel saying I had an unexpected appointment. I saw the barman's error on my detailed bill. I drove away. I shouldn't have been driving after the Scotch, but it was an emergency and if tested I would probably have been well below the drink drive limit.

A few miles away I turned into a supermarket car park and used my secondary untraceable mobile to call the 24 hour alien watch line. They knew about the shape shifters as a new but increasing threat. They were very interested to know about Larissa's reaction to alcohol. That could be useful. Their advice to me was to get as far away from Larissa as possible, perhaps to a rural area, and hope the shape shifters couldn't trace me. That's why I had come to this remote hotel.

I parked my car behind a wing of the building so it couldn't be seen by anyone passing on the road. It was a fairly ordinary basic model so unless the number plates were visible it would fit in with other traffic. But there is no traffic this far from anywhere. I took my overnight bag with me and walked into the foyer. There was no one around and a notice on the desk - Please ring bell for attention. I was about to press the bell push but I heard a telephone ring and be answered it the distance. I waited five minutes before pushing. I heard the bell ring in the distance but it was a couple of minutes before I heard high heels approaching.

The woman was dressed as a maid in a dark blue dress with a large white apron around more than half her body. Her breasts strained at the apron's bib. She was smiling at me and that produced an insistent reaction between my legs. She was a very attractive woman but not my ideal. If she had been I would have suspected her of being another shape shifter.

"Have you got a room for tonight, please?" I asked.

"A room? The whole hotel is empty," she replied. "We would have been full with a coach party booked in for tonight but they rang to cancel about three hours ago. I sent the other staff home because there was no point in them being here in an empty hotel. The coach party had paid in advance and cancelled too late so the staff will be paid."

"How much for a room and an evening meal if that's possible, please?" I asked.

"Meal? Yes, can do. Won't be wonderful because it will be microwaved."

She told me the very reasonable price. I paid cash. Although I have debit and credit cards in several names I wanted to be anonymous except for the fake identity details as John Owen I gave her for the register. Why a fake identity? Like my untraceable mobile phone it is part of my protection as a company investigator where fraud is suspected. I can appear to be a number of people with different roles unconnected to my real task. If I could lose the shape shifters by changing identities, why not? Larissa only knew me as 'John'. If she managed to check her hotel's register I would be recorded as a John at a cut-out mailing address. It was good enough for credit and debit cards in that name.

My room was on the ground floor close to the bar where she would produce my meal in a quarter of an hour. It was surprisingly comfortable with a large king size bed and several armchairs. I hung up my shirt for tomorrow and unpacked my overnight things.

In the bar the manageress introduced herself as Mary. We talked as she prepared my meal and hers behind the bar. She asked if she could join me while we ate because there was no one else around. Why not? She was an attractive mature woman but not a shape shifter's ideal version. She also had a very flat tummy under her tightly fitted maid's uniform. She couldn't pretend to be pregnant with such a svelte figure. However her dress spread into a wide skirt just below her trim waist. The apron ballooned out in front.

When she agreed to share a bottle of wine with me I was certain she wasn't a shape shifter. We enjoyed ourselves that evening in the otherwise deserted hotel. One topic of conversation was a faded merchandising display beside the bar counter for 'Edible Underwear'. I commented on it. Mary explained that it had been there for years. It had been installed by a local company long defunct. Although the underwear was actually edible, it didn't taste like much and took a lot of chewing. The product had been a marketing failure.

She went over to the display and brought back a pair of stockings and some panties. The stockings looked normal. The panties seemed to be made of cotton that would cover from the waist downwards, ending like French knickers with flared legs. They didn't have any sex appeal. I handled them. The stockings were a slightly heavier thickness than most women would wear but still translucent. The panties, double thickness in the crotch, were soft but I had never seen any woman wear anything like them. They could have been 1950s passion killers.

Mary demonstrated the panties, lifting her skirt and pulling them up over her pantyhose. They fitted but looked wholly wrong. One thing led to another and somehow I was on Mary's antique brass bed in the staff bedroom, not in my room. Was it reaction to getting away from Larissa the shape shifter? Or the wine? I don't know how it happened that I was naked on Mary's bed. She stroked across my legs with the edible stockings. She was still wearing her maid's uniform and apron. 

That apron excited me. It was so soft and smooth as it moved across my skin. Inside its bib Mary's breasts were firm with hard erect nipples that dented my body. She noticed the effect her nipples were having on me. She teased me by pulling my mouth first to one apron-covered breast and then the other. She straddled me and bent forward so that all I could see was her breasts covered by white apron. Mary flopped forward and smothered me against her apron. From above me she said:

"John, I'm here on my own. I don't want you doing anything I don't want you to do, so..."

She pulled first one arm and then the other up to the bed head rail and lashed my wrists with the edible stockings.

"If you really want to get free, you can bite through them. After all, they are edible."

She moved down my body to tie my ankles slightly apart. She attached another stocking to the foot of the bed before knotting it to the link between my ankles. She sat up.

"I can get at all of you," Mary said, "but you can't get at me. Wait a few seconds."

She rolled down her pantyhose and took them off. Her skimpy panties followed. She moved up my body until I was looking up inside her uniform skirt. The silky lining of her skirt slid around my head. I had a twinge of apprehension as her cleft lowered towards my lips. I had to remind myself that this was a trim Mary, not an apparently pregnant shape shifter Larissa. My head entered warm darkness inside her skirt to meet delicious lower lips. As I had done with Larissa I played with Mary for a long time. At last she slid down my body to claim my erection. 

At some point she must have loosened her apron. She blindfolded me with the apron's skirt as she pounded up and down on me. I held on as long as I could but her hands stuffing some of the apron inside my mouth was too much. I came into her. She continued to hold me inside her for several minutes. I felt her untying the stockings from the bed head but she used them to fasten my wrists together. She pulled the apron off my head, eased herself off me and turned around. She removed the stocking holding my ankles to the end of the bed before tying it around my thighs.

"Remember, John, these are edible. You can bite through them."

I could easily have brought my wrists to my mouth. Even without eating the stockings I might have been able to unfasten the knots with my teeth.

"You're naked. I'm not." She said, taking the apron off. 

Her uniform dress followed to show she hadn't been wearing a bra. Her breasts were so firm she didn't need one. I groaned as she caressed my face with her nipples. She straddled me as her hands were doing something above my head. I didn't know what until there was a jerk on my wrists. She had tied one of the apron ties between them before yanking it to the bed head. My arms were stretched out again. I opened my mouth to protest but Mary stuffed it with a wad of apron, tying it there with another one of the apron's ribbons wound round and round my head. I was gagged and blindfolded with the apron I had liked so much.

I felt Mary move down my body to beyond my feet. She sat with her back to the bars at the lower end of the bed before picking up my tied feet. I gasped into my gag as she pushed the feet between her legs into a warm soft place. It stretched to surround them. That should have been impossible. Her cleft opened wider and I sunk it beyond my knees. Mary's flesh pulsed around my legs sucking me deeper. I tried to struggle as my hips were engulfed.

"Too late, John," Mary said, her words muffled by the apron hooding my head.

"Or should I say too late John Anderson? That's your real name, isn't it?"

It is. How did Mary know? She answered my unspoken question.

"Larissa didn't tell you everything about shape shifters and alcohol, mainly because she didn't know. She hadn't drunk alcohol since becoming a shape shifter. When the alcohol wears off, what should have happened to her victim still happens. If she were here, you would be unable to resist any suggestion she made. She knows exactly where you are, who you really are, and that information has been shared with all shape shifters. Not with me, of course. I'm a different kind of alien."

As Mary continued to talk in a normal voice as if we were discussing the weather, my body was sinking further into her. It was an incredibly arousing sensation as if my body was penetrating her wholly. I didn't think I could, so soon, but I came into her as her muscles squeezed my hips. 

"Larissa and the others influenced your flight. They made sure you came here, to me. They told me you were coming, and that you liked women dressed as maids. I had just finished changing when Larissa telephoned me to say you had arrived. I don't have the same strength of control over you that Larissa would have. The edible stockings and my apron were enough until now. You are so deep inside me that even if I untied you, you couldn't escape now. You are going inside Mary and there you will stay until..."

Mary untied and removed the apron gagging and hooding me. Her legs were stretched out beside my head as my body was contained by hers from feet to just below my neck.

"I don't need that apron now."

I wanted to speak, to plead. Mary's muscles flexed around my torso, forcing the air out of my lungs. As my mouth opened wide she stuffed the edible panties in, tying them there with an edible stocking.

"You can try eating those panties. It will take time, John, more time than you have left."

I slid further inside. Her lower lips closed around my face gagging me even more effectively than the panties I was trying to chew. Mary stopped with my nose barely clear to breathe. She reached for her dress and put it on.

"Apparently it can be very erotic for my victim if he disappears up inside my skirt. So you will vanish into my uniform, John. You will become a maid's sex toy."

Mary stood up on the bed. My tied hands dangled uselessly. I had no strength to do more than twitch my fingers.

"You're helpless, John." Mary said as her skirt fell around my head. "This far in and you cannot move. My juices include a muscle relaxant so my victims don't struggle. You won't die... Yet. My body can keep you trapped but alive for days if I want it to. I can even push you out unharmed. Or? Or I can digest you. That's why you are tied with edible stockings and gagged with edible panties. If I want to eat you, I'll eat your bonds as well. But Larissa and her fellow shape shifters want you. Do they want you more than I do? We'll see what they offer me."

Mary pulled my arms up and removed the stocking around my wrists. My arms flopped uselessly as she pushed one and then the other past my head and into her insatiable cleft. All that was left of me was my head from nose upwards.

"I like this part," Mary said.

She picked up her panties and stepped into them. As she pulled them up her legs my head was turned backwards to watch the panties approaching. My last view was of Mary's legs extending beyond her skirt as the panties covered my eyes. My head slid into complete darkness. Mary's lips closed behind me with a satisfied slurping sound. 
