 The accident should not have happened. Nonetheless, it did. Edna Howton was not supposed to be on the base and her husband, Captain Thomas Howton should not have circled her and the family car at such a low altitude. Captain Howton should not have deviated from his flight plan by a single meter. But the remote base in the Nevada desert was beyond dull and the Captain had sought to elevate his bride's spirits. That the experimental aircraft's fuel tank, full of a top secret propellant synthesized from the alien spacecraft which had crashed not far away, in Roswell, a decade earlier, would take this specific moment to rupture, emptying its contents all over Edna Howton, the Howton convertible, and surrounding territory while Captain Howton dangerously ejected at a low altitude from his crippled aircraft, was an event no one could have anticipated.

Edna Howton had no time to react. She understood, on some level, her husband's plane was in trouble, but that did not worry her a s Tom had survived everything the Germans and the North Koreans had thrown at him. Any other thoughts she had were lost in the sudden burning, stinging pain of the viscous fluid that drenched her. Only the remarkable transformation of Edna Howton, prevented Thomas Howton from receiving the court martial he so richly deserved.

The doctors at the base noted it first. The glowing green alien fuel hardened within a few moments of being exposed to the atmosphere. Edna Howton resembled a giant lump of green crystal. Fearing the woman's immanent suffocation, the base doctors and nurses, in full hazmat suits, cut the congealed propellant from her body. Beneath the green layers of congealed ooze and the sensible house dress, the doctors found not what they expected, the desiccated burned and dying body of a forty year old military wife, but the healthy body of a far younger woman, perhaps eighteen, twenty at the most, healthier than any woman they had ever encountered, her muscle mass, the densest ever recorded. That she was also now spectacularly beautiful, even with her long brown hair burned away by the alien fuel, was obvious to every person in the room. The unconscious naked woman was thoroughly decontaminated, bathed, and sent to a recovery room. By rights, she should have been on her way to the morgue. The fuel which had drenched her was volatile, raising welts and causing burns on the hands of careless mechanics and fuel handlers. This shipment however had been kept under pressure, in a formulation its creators had cobbled together just this one time. The alien fuel was devilishly difficult to synthesize and no two batches had been consistent. The idea that lightning could strike twice was infinitesimal. Word of Mrs. Howton's condition rapidly made its way up the ladder of command to the Pentagon itself.

Three days later, Edna Howton opened her eyes. A short time later, she realized how serious things were when she surveyed her room. Generals stood shoulder to shoulder as did men in suits who were clearly from the CIA and security men from the upper echelons of the Pentagon. Tom stood behind a phalanx of doctors and nurses. All wore a look of concern upon their sober faces. The senior most doctor spoke first. Edna grasped little of what he said, big words like "Chromosomal rearrangement," "Muscle mass ratio" "Indestructibility" and "Chronological displacement." All Edna was aware of was that she felt wonderful, the best she had felt in years actually. Then they handed her a mirror. Edna's second scream was over her current state of baldness. Her first scream had been the realization that a stranger stared back at her from the glass. That it was the face of a ravishingly beautiful stranger only occurred to her much later, after the generals and the men in suits had finished talking with her.

Edna found herself a classified piece of government property. One that the powers that be were very interested in establishing the limits of. She was provided with exercise clothes and a tough drill instructor coach. Promised that she would be reunited with Tom if she followed all of the orders and performed all the tests asked of her, Edna plunged into her new duties. 

It was discovered she could run a marathon at a breakneck pace and not tire. She could withstand the pressure at the bottom of the sea and the lack of pressure on the edge of space with equal ease She could withstand the vacuum of space and function for nearly a half hour with her lungs full of only a single deep inhalation of oxygen. She could see like an owl at night and a hawk during the day. She could swim like a fish, clamber like a monkey and leap like a gazelle. She could walk through flames without a single blister, and her flesh healed almost immediately after it was pierced. Unofficially, of course, she set track records in every event, erasing both the men's and women's marks Her strength was noted as being especially remarkable.

When the tests terminated, the report on President Eisenhower's desk used the terms, "super" and "woman" very close together. It was believed that Edna Howton was completely invulnerable. Then her husband, in celebration of the return of his wife, slid on her favorite sterling silver bracelet on her wrist. It had been among the very first pieces of jewelry Tom had purchased for Edna and both of them viewed it as good luck talisman. Edna promptly passed out, recovered in a greatly weakened state and remained weak until the bracelet was physically removed . Now the government suits knew the only Achilles heel of their brand new super being. Edna joked that now she was, apparently, part werewolf. That got a chuckle out of Tom who replied, "Look out for silver bullets. Better not get near the Lone Ranger!"

Without the celebratory bracelet., Tom took Edna home. With more glee than he would ever publicly admit or confess to his bride even under the most intense torture, Tom was very excited to get his sexier new wife between the sheets. Before the accident, Tom and Edna were apt to get randy at the drop of a hat. With no children in their lives the two would often lounge around the house nude and make love whenever the mood struck them. Edna had always been an attractive woman. Before the accident she had appeared her age, but was still alluring. Younger officers on encountering their commander's wife, always considered their Captain a rather lucky man.

Now however, Tom realized that his wife, even without hair, could have appeared in any issue of the new Playboy Magazine. As he slowly disrobed his wife, he found, as he suspected and secretly hoped, larger, firmer, and shapelier tits beneath her lacy new brassier. Her rib cage tapered to a flat, taught tummy with a bit of abdominal definition. Her hips had and buttocks had never looked finer and her already great legs were beyond perfection as Tom loosened the garters and rolled the black stockings down each well-tuned leg. Tom thought he could touch heaven when Edna's newer more succulent lips encircled his shaft. Tom was certain he could taste heaven as his tongue probed her ambrosial womanhood. Her downy pubic hair was just sprouting back, Tom could tell that when Edna's sacred glory regrew completely it would be thicker yet a lighter shade of brown. Desperate to not reveal just how horny he was lest Edna accuse him of wanting to sleep with a different woman while still remaining faithful, (which was exactly how he felt) Tom delayed for a long while before he finally plunged his manhood into her femaleness. He was instantly transported to the night of their honeymoon. He was young airman about to depart for Europe, she was the best friend of his kid sister and they had both discovered sex for the first time. Tom thought this evening every bit as blissful as that first night except that THIS Edna was tighter and far, far, more responsive. Edna Howton's moans of pleasure and acute sensuality did not go unnoticed or unappreciated by the government agents manning the listening devices secreted in the Howton home.

Not long after, the newly promoted Major Thomas Howton and his wife, Edna were in the private residence of the White House seated across from Ike and Mamie. The former Commander of the European Theater of Operations thought that Edna Howton was especially radiant. Her hair had grown in quickly, thicker and more lustrous, already it was at her shoulders and Edna had to trim it every few days to keep it that length. She wore a dress appropriate for the occasion, conservatively cut, yet still revealing a trim, enticing figure. Ike, though a happily married man, could easily envision the silky underthings beneath Edna's dress. In particular, the commander in chief thought her nylon clad legs were mighty fine indeed. Edna even wore Tom's bracelet, a thick coating of wax embedded with Teflon, a new product the Dupont Chemical Company was experimenting with, allowed Edna to wear her husband's present proudly. Without the wax, the jewelry would weaken her and make her vulnerable, but the bracelet meant so much to Edna, she had asked Tom's superiors to find a way for her to wear it. She loved how it captured the light of the room. At length, Mamie took Tom on a private tour of the White House while her husband spoke to Edna privately.

"Mrs. Howton... Edna," began the president, "as you are no doubt aware, if you spend any time at all listening to the radio or watching television that this is a very dangerous world."

"Yes, Sir." replied Edna, "Tom and I have no children but so many of the other officer's wives tell me their fears and hopes for their children. What with the A Bomb and the Communists..."

"We are reading from the same strategy book, Edna. A woman of your astounding talents, can make a tremendous difference in the world. That is, if she is willing to consider her needs of her country above her own."

Since she became aware of her new found abilities, Edna had felt a certainty that this conversation would rear its head. She guessed that she was as patriotic as anybody. She and Tom had been given a good life. The Air Force had been a good mother to both of them.

"Are you drafting me, Sir?"

Ike laughed and replied, "No. I'd prefer if you volunteered. I can offer you a very nice salary and plenty of vacation time and a very nice expense account. I'd like you and your husband to relocate to Washington where you will be trained in skills such as hand to hand combat, weapons, and intelligence work. According to the dossiers I have on my desk you can get in and out of places other agents could not even tread. Further, our enemies will hardly be expecting a woman; especially a woman whose luminous beauty masks the strength of a dozen men. What do you say Edna?"

Edna swelled with pride before she answered, "I'd be a very bad American if I said no, Mr. President!"

The President extended his hand. Edna placed her small hand in Eisenhower's . The president shook it vigorously and said, "Welcome to inner circle of power, Edna."

Tom got a prestigious job at Edwards Air Force Base and Edna went to School in Quantico. With a top secret clearance, she was given the best education in the spy business the Central Intelligence Agency could provide. Some of it, like marksmanship and spy craft, came easily. Other parts of her training however... She never felt the answer was satisfactory when she inquired as to why the agency needed nude photographs of her. War games were not fun either. She had to strip and undergo genuine torture. Even though Edna was well nigh invulnerable, her nipples remained quite sensitive. A fact that her superiors demonstrated with ease and a condescending smile. Edna felt that she had to endure capture far too many times. Once, her superiors had surreptitiously removed the protective coating of wax and Teflon from her treasured bracelet. Thinking her day over, Edna slid it on after she had dressed, and instantly lost her strength. In her weakened condition, her superiors forcibly stripped her and came perilously close to actually raping her. When the ordeal was over, CIA director Dulles told her personally, "Agents have to be tested under every variable. A weakened agent is one that might reveal secrets. You may disagree with what we do, Mrs. Howton, but it all serves a purpose. What you endured today might very well save your life one day."

"Even if I concede your opinion, Mr. Director," replied Edna suppressing tears,"those men appeared to be enjoying themselves far too much. Why nearly every one of them showed signs of arousal! It tempting to believe they were only thinking about one thing. It's a nasty word I won't dignify by mentioning. I have the option of resigning, Mr. Director and I will if your young men repeat that stunt!"

As Edna spoke, Her hands clasped tightly around the end of the arms of the steel chair she was sitting in. Without meaning to, or even realizing she was doing so, Edna crushed the arms of the chair into thin strips of metal. Director Dulles, in noting that, decided that, perhaps, Mrs. Howton had had enough. Such incidents were not repeated.

Two weeks after graduation came Edna's first assignment. Since she was impervious to most radiation, she was to be airdropped into one of the Soviet Union's nuclear testing sites, to collect readings and photographs. The United States nuclear eggheads wanted to see up close the capabilities of the red's A bomb. Edna was trained in what to look for which measurements to take and what the best angles for holding the heavy camera with its thickly shielded film. Once she completed her task, Edna was to simply walk or run 100 miles to a bit of deserted steppe where an allied aircraft would land and be off the ground seconds later. If Edna missed her flight, she missed her trip home. There was a backup plan but nobody hoped it would have to be used.

The night before she left, Edna made sure that she made sweet, passionate love to Tom. "You should of heard the gossip when I placed your portrait on my desk. One of the secretaries called me a "cradle robber" and when they thought I was not listening two others called me a "dirty old man". On the other hand, a major whistled at your picture and asked if you had a sister!" related her husband.

"It does seem strange, in a way." replied Edna "men and women look at me differently now. Young men have not paid this much attention to me since early in our marriage, that base in Oklahoma, where nearly every enlisted man was single. Do you remember?"

"Indeed I do. You were bad for discipline." he deadpanned.

Edna emitted a short laugh, stuck out her tongue and replied teasingly,"And you really are a dirty old man and ALWAYS have been one!"

"Maybe so, but you give me plenty of reasons to think dirty old man thoughts!"

And then they were in each others arms. Tom unveiled his wife layer by layer until her nude form was supine on the bed. He thanked his lucky stars that he was married to this incredible creature. Gently, he kissed his way down her body, teasing and encircling each tender nipple with his teeth and lips. Her areolas were surmounted with two lovely pink nubs. The sag they once had was now only a memory, one easy to drive entirely from the mind. He kissed and licked her rib cage and tasted her navel before plunging over the furred rise of her mons to bury his face in her femininity. Edna's altered physique was now far more responsive and far easier to turn on. Her animal like mewing of pleasure were music to Tom's ears. He was able to get her off twice before he rose up and planted his javelin. With him inside her, Edna came a third time, this time with so much intensity, Tom thought for a fleeting moment that Edna would squeeze his penis into a bloody pulp. As he embraced his wife as her elevated breathing returned to normal rhythm, he thought it odd for their roles to be suddenly switched. In the past, they would make love before Tom went on a mission or was called to overseas duty. Now he would wait at home while the woman he loved risked life and limb for their country. 

Donning a sober expression, he met Edna's gaze and said very softly, "Promise me you will come home, Honey."

Edna recognized those words as the very ones she had spoken to Tom every time they had been parted in the past. She hugged him tight and replied in an echo of her husband's familiar words. "With someone as wonderful as you waiting for me, you can bet your beautiful little ass that I'll be back." Wordlessly, the two held each other tight the rest of the night.

Edna's first mission proved to be a snap. She parachuted into the remote bomb test area. Took the necessary readings, took the required photographs and collected the soil and other samples required of the job. Although there was a fence at the perimeter of the bomb site, no one physically guarded the radioactive ground zero. The Soviets logically considered it suicide for anyone to venture closer than the protective fence, for anyone else it would have been. Once nightfall descended, Edna leaped over the fence in a single bound, even while burdened with her heavy pack, and headed off for the retrieval site. It took her only a day and a half to cross the considerable distance even with occasional moments of hiding from Soviet military patrols. The worst part of the mission was the long wait until the rescue plane arrived. Edna chased down the aircraft as it landed and plunged through the cargo doors before the plane began to rise once more.

A Wasp who wore a major's oak leaves, waved a Geiger counter at Edna and it began to blare like a banshee. "Man, are you hot Mrs. Howton! I've been told that you have a special invulnerability to radiation but that does not go for the rest of us on this plane. Strip, place your clothing in this lead lined bag, then I'm going to decontaminate you. It won't be fun, but you WILL be very clean when we get back to base."

The Wasp began to remove her own uniform and and reached for nearby decontamination suit. An army nurse, already clad in protective garb, stepped forward from a darkened corner and said to Edna,

"Let me help you, Ma'am."

"Are there any men on this plane?" asked Edna cautiously.

"Just the pilot and the co-pilot." replied the Major. "They have been told that if the so much as peek out of the cockpit until ordered to do so, It's eighteen months in Leavenworth." 

Both director Director Dulles and the President were overjoyed with Edna's success. As for Tom's wife, she found the adventure exhilarating. The sense of danger made her feel profoundly alive and the nights saying goodbye to her husband and the subsequent reunion sex, brought new life to their marriage. Tom earned another promotion and Edna completed a score of missions, only on one of which did she face even the hint of being discovered and captured. Word was getting around behind the iron curtain of a mysterious new agent or agents who seemed to have preternatural abilities. Catching the agent, and every Soviet spook was convinced their mysterious adversary was a man, became a priority for the Kremlin.

Director Dulles called her in for her next mission.

"I won't lie to you Edna, this next assignment requires sex appeal as well as endurance, fortitude and quick thinking. Are you familiar with with Professor Mikeil Ulanov?"

"The name rings a bell. Isn't he a famous defector?"

"Perhaps, It is also possible that he is a double agent, pretending to assist us while secretly funneling material back to his masters in Moscow. We would like to clear up the mystery and know for sure on which side he stands. If he's truly one of ours, his record will be wiped clean. If he is a double agent we will try to blackmail him into abandoning his communist ties. We need someone to get close to him and report from the inside." 

"Can't your boys spy on him far easily?"
