 EFAVA woke to a sudden lurch as she slid an inch on the floor. She looked around, dazed, and realized she was in a van. Probably one of the police vans, she thought. Several men in uniform sat on the benches located on each side of the van, swaying with the driving motions. They were all staring at her, and for good reason.

She noticed her shirt was torn, looking sort of like a jacket. Laying on her side, one of the pieces of the shirt was extended, the side that she was laying on. Heavy breasts piled on top of it. The other side was ripped open and lay behind her, although her arm still fit through the hole. She now felt the hungry gazes on her huge breasts and tried to cover herself, but her hands were handcuffed behind her back.

Suddenly she felt the cold steel of a knife on her lower back, descending down in between her fat ass cheeks. Luckily she did not get cut as it slid in between, slicing easily through the jean fabric. After it had reached the bottom of her ass, one of the men ripped the jeans firmly, exposing all but her calves, which were the only part of her jeans left intact.

A huge hand slapped down on her fat ass, causing it to ripple and wobble. EFAVA whimpered and her pussy instantly gushed in anticipation of what she knew was about to happen.

"Alright men, dig in!" one of the guys said playfully, and they all began unzipping and unbelting themselves, revealing many large and thick cocks. She felt a tug on her ass which increased in strength, pulling out her 8-inch butt plug before being stuffed with a larger cock. 

She felt the man behind her slow down, not wanting to blow his load so early. "Rape my fucking fat ass!" EFAVA begged, slamming her ass back until her creamy white ass was smashed against the man's muscular thighs. She felt the man's ballsack twitch as he emptied it into her searing hot asshole, but he kept on fucking. Shortly thereafter, she was raised up by another man and seated on another fat cock. This fat cock slid right up her soaking wet pussy. She tried to spread her legs to allow further access, but, looking down, she saw her ankles were handcuffed together as well. EFAVA couldn't do anything but thrust her fat slutty ass back against the men and scream as she came.

With her hands tied behind her back, her chest was thrust forward and her huge tits piled up on top of her knees, spilling over the sides down to her calves. She was bouncing up and down the mens' cocks so voraciously, if she was any other girl with reasonably sized breasts, the tits would be wildly bouncing up and down and even hitting her face. However, her enormous fuckbags were so heavy that they just wobbled up and down, smacking into her stomach and thick thighs. Every bounce caused some milk to spill out of her long nipples.

EFAVA hadn't seen them before, but apparently there were some ladies in the SWAT team who had been eyeing her huge, thick cock, which now was incredibly erect and leaking massive amounts of precum. They were pretty girls, one of them a freckly redhead with green eyes and ample cleavage. Probably D-cups, thought EFAVA. The other was a country girl looking blonde with small tits but a nice round ass. A couple of men were having their way with the girls as they worshipped EFAVA's huge schlong, licking up the precum and sucking the shaft, leaving hickies. 

The blonde was getting railed from behind, making her large ass jiggle and sway, while the redhead was bouncing on a thick cock, with her tits bouncing up and down wildly. As they consumed more of the aphrodisiatic cum, they went more into heat and fucked harder and screamed louder. The redhead even managed to get her throat fucked by EFAVA, taking down about 8 inches of the massive lady cock. Cum flowed freely out of EFAVA's ass and pussy by now, since the men were just plowing nonstop. Even when they came, EFAVA's aphrodisiacs caused them to just keep pumping, causing EFAVA to orgasm nonstop. She was now sweating profusely as her slutty body was wracked by anal orgasm and vaginal orgasms.

The two slutty officers had been working their magic and EFAVA had been feeling her balls starting to boil for a couple minutes now. Suddenly her huge sweaty ballsack lurched up as a giant rope of cum shot from her huge cock, straining it as it pulled upward, coating the two pretty girls as well as herself. The huge ropes sprayed everything in sight, mostly covering EFAVA and her giant breasts, which were now spraying copious amounts of aphrodisiatic milk with every ejaculation. She screamed in ecstasy as her now melon-sized ballsack pumped liters of cum through her foot-long steel shaft, until a cock was thrust down her throat, making her gag and choke as it convulsed and shot its seed down her hungry throat. EFAVA then thrust her face as far as it would go, her nose crushed on the man's chiseled pelvis. She stuck her long tongue out and wrapped it around the bottom of the man's quivering testicles.

Even though EFAVA had recently cum, that didn't necessarily stop her or lower her erections. After that beautiful redhead, unlodged EFAVA's cock from her throat, the blonde got up from sucking on EFAVA's balls and backed her tight round ass up to it. Her cock was soaked with aphrodisiatic cum, which the blonde began rubbing her ass against. The redhead helped the blonde get up onto EFAVA's long thick, cum covered dick, and then she pushed the bulging head up against the blonde's tight asshole. EFAVA can control the size of her cock to some extent, and so she made it small enough to slide inside with all the lube, and then slowly made it larger as the blonde got accustomed to the massive lady cock. She screamed in ecstasy as the cock made its way through her bowels and poked out her stomach from the inside a bit.

Looking at the bulge in the redhead's stomach, the blonde frantically rubbed her clit as she devoured EFAVA's cum covered balls. Some of the SWAT men kept their assault on EFAVA's big lips, and a couple stuck their thick dicks into the blonde's tight butthole. Cum was continually dripping from EFAVA's mouth onto her huge soaked breasts and down onto the redhead's fat ass. Now we had the redhead's ass getting fucked by EFAVA while a SWAT man took her pussy. EFAVA's ass and mouth was also being taken by a big dicked SWAT man. The blonde started to suck up all the cum off of EFAVA's huge tits as she was being taken doggystyle.

As another man emptied his load into her asshole and pulled out, another man with an extra large cock shoved his way up there, leading to an extreme orgasm from EFAVA's slutty cum-filled fuckhole. Delirious ecstatsy took her over and she passed out as she was being gangraped by the group of well-hung men and women from the SWAT team.