 EFAVA woke up suddenly, and immediately felt the soreness of her pussy and asshole. It seems the men had used her very well. Her stomach protruded more than usual, and she felt the gallons of cum that she had consumed slosh around in her stomach as she slowly sat up on the dark, cold concrete. 

As her torso turned vertically, she felt some cum leaking out of her reddened pussy. It would have poured from her asshole as well, but it seems she had been stuffed with a huge butt plug after being filled. She hoped she could keep that cum in her forever. 

Her giant breasts seem to have gotten bigger, she thought as she sat up. Streaks of white cum were dried all along her tits. Soaking up the cum from the ballsacks of over 20 men really increased her cup size, perhaps about 2 cups, and made her feel very full and satisfied. Her nipples seem to have grown an inch, although it could have been the cold concrete that they were laying on. The extra weight was very noticeable, and they never left the ground as she sat up on her thick butt.

Looking around, she noticed that she was sitting in some kind of cell which was situated in the corner of a large, drab room with no decoration on the walls. Steel bars covered the other two sides of the cell that went up to the lowing ceiling. There were no windows in this building, only a closed door towards the other side of the room. As she gathered her huge breasts off the floor and slowly stood up, holding onto the cold bars for support, suddenly she heard the clink of a key as someone entered the door across the room.

She recognized the man as he went in, he was one of the men who was in the gangrape a day ago. Or it could have been more than one day? He had a pistol on one hip and a night stick on the other, as well as a backpack on his back which clanged as he walked. As he swaggered across the room to EFAVA in the cell, she noticed his large bulge in his black slacks begin to grow as he stared at her white cumstreaked flesh.

"Where am I?" she asked the black-clad man, but he said nothing as he walked toward her and unlocked the door to the cell. EFAVA cautiously backed away into the corner. The man approached her and cornered her into the wall and with a firm fist and a grimace in his teeth, grabbed her long nipple and threw her down to the ground. She yelped as she fell, but more from surprise than pain since her huge breasts absorbed most of the impact. 

The man then took some handcuffs from his backpack and began roughly restraining her arms behind her back and her legs at the ankle. 

EFAVA was used to being tied up but the use of force was alarming. As she looked back to the man, she begged him, "stop, why are you doing this??" But he took a ball gag and wrapped it around her head, lifting up her black ponytail and tightened it very tightly.

She squirmed but the man was very strong as he tied a tight black choker collar around her neck. It made it a bit more difficult to breathe but she could still breathe fine. He then tied a short chain leash to her collar and then dragged her as she shuffled on hands and knees to keep up. 

EFAVA was then brought to a sort of large contraption, which she walked through on her hands and knees, with her breasts dragging on the cold but luckily smooth pavement. Her legs were then strapped down to the floor slightly spread apart, but her ankles were still tied together so she made a V-shape with her legs such that her feet touched her ass and her legs made a 90 degree angle with her torso. 

A thin board then came down around her waist, shutting her lower half off from her upper half. She couldn't see behind her, but could only feel her fat naked ass in the cool air of the room. Then man then took her large breasts off the ground and heaved them up to a milking machine. He attached large pumps to her long, erect nipples and the pumps immediately began pumping. EFAVA sighed with pleasure and relief as she felt the milk drain from her huge, engorged udders. Her large cock was guided through a hole in the floor which felt amazing to EFAVA. It was lined with a soft moist vagina replicant type orifice, which massaged and stroked her cock constantly. Her huge cock would cum several tens of times a day as it was constantly pleasured by the orifice. Occasionally it would stop, at least at night, so that EFAVA could get some sleep, but she would usually be woken up by the feeling of her huge balls pumping cum down through her long dick.

She soon found out why her ass was left hanging in the air - for the pleasure of the men here. Many times during the day she would feel a hard, thick cock plunge into her pussy or asshole, usually both, and deposit their cum. Then the cum would drip from her ass into a sort of drip tray which collected the cum and fed it to a storage unit which EFAVA could drink from. She found out that this was the only source of nourishment she would be getting.

She became accustomed to the cum diet and eventually began to love and even crave more cum, as she drained the storage unit almost instantly. She loved to hold it in her mouth, savor it, and then spill it onto her large breasts, causing them to grow over time. They eventually became just massive, and her milk production increased substantially, so the company was happy.