 It had been days, or maybe months, or even years... EFAVA thought as she drifted in and out of consciousness. She lived in constant orgasmic delirium as her giant cock was stroked constantly and milk flowed soothingly through her long, hard nipples. Her ass eagerly awaited the next man to pry open her fat butt cheeks and thrust his member down her warm, still tight holes. Mostly she wanted the semen to drink, but a couple of vaginal or anal orgasms were always amazing.

All of a sudden she felt the buckles and locks on her unsnap and come undone slowly, as she was being released from this sexual contraption. EFAVA groaned in displeasure as she was taken out of her wonderfully orgasmic state of being. Her long, hard cock was taken out of the pleasurable pussy-hole and the milking machines finally let go of her enormous, erect nipples. Her giant breasts slumped down to her chest, going down past her hips and much wider than her flat stomach.

Being sexually overstimulated for long made EFAVA completely addicted to cum and orgasms that she usually received all day long. 

"C'mon" said the security guard after he finished releasing her. He couldn't let his eyes off of her ridiculous proportions. Each of her giant breasts were a bit wider than her whole stomach, so they were clearly visible from behind. As she turned around, his eyes glued onto her erect, leaking nipples that were about 3 inches long. 

As EFAVA turned around and saw him, she instantly thought about his hardening cock, and the cum inside him. She dropped to her knees, "cummmm."

Before she could get his cock out of his pants, she felt the sting of a tazer on her neck and a huge electric shock knocked her on her back, making her huge tits wobble and shake violently. Milk spurted out of her breasts, excited by the electricity. The shock evidently pushed her huge hard cock over the edge as she screamed. Cum gushed from her long cock in large spurts as it covered her face and breasts. She eagerly licked up everything that she could as her orgasm subsided. 

She was then forced on her back and handcuffed so she couldn't try anything again.

EFAVA whimpered as the man forced her upward, upset that she couldn't eat all of his cum from the now huge bulge in his slacks. Her huge, hard cock dripped cum as she walked with him, shaking back and forth. Her huge tits made slapping noises against her stomach and legs and her balls slapped against her thighs as she walked.

EFAVA did not know where she was going, but her pussy dripped in anticipation. The man led her restrained, nude body down the grey halls for a couple of minutes. 

"We're almost there," said the man, pointing his flashlight down the dark halls. Nothing could be seen yet at the end of the tunnel. E wasn't really paying attention though; she had only cum on the mind. It has been hours without any semen to drink and she was starving. It must be around lunchtime, when the men come by to empty their balls into EFAVA after they eat lunch. That was EFAVA's favorite time of the day.

They began to pass cells, but it was so dark that only shadowy shapes lurked behind the steel bars. Suddenly the man turned right into one, and shined his light on the huge figure.

EFAVA licked her lips as she saw the 8-foot tall behemoth of a man. His short beard covered up a chiseled jawline on his grayish face. He was definitely extremely muscular, as EFAVA's eyes ran down the length of his ripped torso. 

She was already definitely attracted to the Bull, but she almost came when she saw what he had hanging between his legs. Two huge cocks, one on top of the other, heaved with his breath. They reached past his knees soft, laying atop a huge ballsack. Her mouth instantly filled with saliva as she dropped to her knees, her huge tits resting on her thick thighs.

The bull's arms were chained to the ceiling, and legs were chained to the floor making him in sort of an X pose. He tugged at the chains, seeing the sexy huge titted EFAVA crawling toward him, but they held fast. Each of her massive globelike cheeks wobbled as she crawled, her hardening cock and giant tits dragging on the floor as she crawled, beelining for the two huge cocks. These cocks made EFAVA's sizable one look like a micropenis.

The bull's heart strained to pump gallons of blood into the giant dicks in order to harden them. They would become like steel eventually.

He moaned as he felt EFAVA's drooling mouth cover the massive head of his top cock. She then tried to deepthroat, but only managed to get about 10 inches down, as her throat bulged grotesquely. It was engineered to be stretchy, but this pushed her enhancements to their limits. She took turns ramming each cock in turn down her throat, going a bit farther each time. The bull roared with ecstasy.

EFAVA then turned around, eager to fit those cocks in her slutty wet holes. Her abs and back muscles contracted in order to support the weight of her massive breasts as she bent over slightly. They had begun leaking fiercely already. She separated her huge juicy butt cheeks in order to fit him and guided the cocks first into her asshole. EFAVA almost screamed as she felt the cock harden and pulse inside her butthole. She was so wet that the other massive cock slid right up her cunt. 

As the bottom cock went up to the hilt in her wet cunt, EFAVA already began to have a massive orgasm. Her asshole and pussy clamped down hard on the two cocks and she began convulsing, her own cock spitting out ropes and ropes of cum. This triple orgasm caused her to go into HEAT. EFAVA frantically began smashing her fat ass into the chiselled abs of the bull. She was moaning and screaming at the top of her lungs, jerking off her spasming cock as it shot out ropes of sweet cum onto the bottom and in between her huge breasts, with the occasional rope hitting her in her pretty face. She licked up any cum that ended up on her lips.

The bull sensed this and began to empty his balls into her cunt and ass. Although he shot huge quantites of semen already, he was nowhere close to being done.

EFAVA began to recover and so began pushing back against the man's steel cocks. He began to fuck her, as much as he could considering his restraints. She began grabbing fistfulls of leaking cum from her ass and cunt and stuffing her greedy slut mouth. The cum overflowed, coating her massive tits with a white-yellow gooey paste, which slid down and dripped from her inch-long nipples. 

As the bull began to harden further, the giant rock-hard cocks began to actually lift EFAVA off the ground, holding her in the air. Her feet no longer kept her in the air, as she bounced up and down the giant cocks of the bull. She tugged on her long, hard nipples, milking them into the air with both of her hands as she cummed pretty much continuously.

She wrapped her thick thighs around his muscular legs and used her strong leg muscles to impale herself further upon him, her fat butt compressing and widening as she struggled to stuff more cock in her. The room was filled with the sounds of her fat butt smacking against the bull's chiseled body, as well as her huge cum covered tits smacking against her tight stomach and legs shortly after each ass smack.

EFAVA hungrily impaled herself on the two giant cocks until the bull was about ready to finish. He roared loudly and she could hear an audible jetting sound, like water through a hose, as the two giant cocks erupted into a fountain of cum shooting up inside her soaking wet cunt and ass. Gallons of cum shot forth from his cocks, the force of which pushed EFAVA off of him and she landed face first into a huge puddle of milk and semen. She just started sucking up the cum right off the ground that came from both hers and the bulls' cocks as steaming hot ropes of cum sprayed against her fat ass, legs, and back.

EFAVA was in pure ecstasy as the bull's streams tapered off. She was now almost completely covered in semen as she put fistfull after fistfull into her mouth. Playing in the pool of cum, she began grabbing some and using it as lube as she stroked her own cock with her giant semen covered tits. She struggled to deepthroat her own cock as much as she could until her giant tits made her huge cock shoot load after load deep into her already cum filled stomach. 

When the bull was finally satisfied, he watched EFAVA go at her own cock for a while before grunting and motioning with his large hand that EFAVA be taken away.

The guard that had been watching silently from the shadows got up from leaning against the wall and walked toward the cum covered mess that EFAVA had become. He grabbed the robe that held onto her collar and dragged her to her feet, before leading her to a cell she hadn't seen before.

Upon opening the cell, EFAVA gasped. There were almost a dozen androids like her chained up inside this room. Some of them were like EFAVA: well endowed with a huge cock in addition to their massive tits. Others were different, incredibly sexy biological females, and even some women with anthropomorphic modifications like tails or wings. The cell was alive with the sounds of moaning. Some of the prisoners were masturbating, or fucking each other.

The prisoners parted as the guard stepped through, hands on his pistol. He took EFAVA's rope and tied it to an empty hook on the wall, before leaving. 

Perhaps EFAVA would get used to her new home.