 Doclin grabs the sheets as he always does just before he cums. His firm ass stands high above the deep arch in his back...a back and shoulders and neck and head that just a few seconds ago were my joy to lick, and nuzzle and kiss. But now I am upright with my hands on Doclin's muscular hips. Friends and sex-mates before the plague, we have been together as lovers for nearly a year now. For the first six months we used condoms, but after being tested twice and coming up uninfected, we began to bareback...something few do freely anymore on Rorga. After the Great Infection wiped out our females, it was discovered that most men on our planet were carriers of the disease. In time, these men began to suffer the plague. Despite heroic efforts by all, the palliative treatments eventually became ineffective, and these brave souls passed from our midst. Those tested that were unaffected submitted to one of two medical procedures that our technos devised. 

In order to keep our race from dying out, most of the remaining healthy men were implanted with an artificially grown uterus that DNA from before the plague provided as a scaffold. By rearranging a bit of intestine, the new uterus is barely visible from the outside - a man is still a 'man' on Rorga...even though he can now give birth. The eggs also come from those stored before the plague. When we run out, Rorga will have to travel to Earth again as we did in the distant past, to find suitable gene pool mates and eggs. For now, we have plenty, and with the egg that was implanted this cycle, Doclin and I are conceiving our first child this very night.

I was selected to get the second type of implantation. Corjix is my name and I am one of the very few men now known as a 'breeder'. Relatively few breeders are needed to inseminate for conception...just enough to keep the gene pool healthy. The device within me supplies my testes with a dose of AGS (augmentation growth serum) every two cycles. That means I am ready to inseminate once a day. The increased volume of sperm production makes my testes very swollen and painful if I do not inseminate on schedule. Masturbation is only allowed infrequently and requires a permit. 

This will be the first child for both Doclin and me. As I have my insemination schedule set for the next six months - all with newly fertile egg-men, Doclin and I must conceive tonight.

I am deep within my lover. (The specifics of Doclins' two anal passageways are lengthy and will have to wait for another telling) My testes are swollen with sperm that aches to be released. As I ponder the moments ahead and think about the post-orgasm test we will take, my mind is flooded with images of Doclins' ever-swelling belly to come...and I go over my edge. I moan deeply and can barely hear the same from Doclin as we reach climax together. His sperm is rendered infertile, as is that of all egg-men, to keep the gene pool healthy. I love swallowing it when I can for the taste, and for the way it brings us closer, but tonight the sheets catch his cream and my sperm shoots deep into his waiting egg chamber. We collapse into each other in a heap of ourselves and after some time, arise to test our efforts. The test is positive. Doclin and I are pregnant.

My insemination appointment for tomorrow is only a few hours away, so we cuddle together and fall asleep. Doclin and I are a mated pair. We can, by law, have sex at will...but must also keep to our birth and insemination schedules. (My services as inseminator to other egg-men is just business). We eat together in the first cycle of the day and when I return from my job, he and I talk about our future plans. We have already outfitted the new ones' room area as all eggs are coded for sex. Our first born will be a son. We talk about the days and months ahead with a kind of silly joy. Our love for each other surpasses any and all duties we have to conceive for our race. 

Our egg-men gestate for nearly nine earth months...which is one reason humans are compatible with us. It has been six months since our insemination and the belly on Doclin is full, round, and heavy with life. I delight in pressing my head there and hearing the sounds within. We have a lot of preparation to do for the birth - mostly to get Doclin ready for his...ordeal. 

We talk about the procedure at length many times...Doclin expressing his concerns and relying on me to calm his sense of worry. The operation at birth is what you call a Cesarean. We have a device that adheres to the swollen belly and after it injects pain reducers and mood enhancers, the automatic program continues. A surgical cut into the belly flesh allows robotic 'hands' to grasp the child and remove it from the cavity. Once safely birthed, the device begins to seal the incision and provide a constant monitoring of the patient. The problem comes with the next phase.

Doclin is having the body-racking pain that none of our serums has been able to alleviate. We believe that some egg-men react to birthing in this violent way because their bodies have a genetic drive to regain their original form - to cast off the implantation. Never has an egg-man rejected his uterus, but several have passed from the pain incurred over the two weeks post-birth before their bodies readjust and the pain subsides.

I hold my partner in his fetal position and gently rock him to sleep. Our son is safe and Doclin strained to see him before nearly passing out from the pain. He feels my tears on his face and finds the strength to barely whisper: 'I love you, Cor'. I kiss his cheek as he crosses over to the world of sleep for some hopefully pain-free rest. His greenish brown hair - the vain pride of all Rorgan males - soothes me as I nuzzle in to my lover.

My mind wanders to the future and fate of our people here on Rorga. We are a largely peace-loving and kind species, though not without our 'moments'. I write because someday, when our egg-men birth enough females...and they mature to the right age, we will once again visit your planet. It will be a wondrous time of discovery for both our worlds...and a critical one for Rorga. Communication should go smoothly. We have kept the early records and are still familiar with your terms for those that we use daily. That day will surely come, and my efforts here may help. There is so much I wish to relate...how Doc and I first met, the details of our ordeal with the plague, what it was like to undergo our augmentations, our first joining (before and after the implants), life on Rorga, ...so much to talk about. For now, two weeks have passed and Doclin has regained his strength, is pain free, and ready to go home. We are all ready to live as a family now...Corjix, Doclin, and our son Joxin. Life is good.