 Isis sighed softly as her maids painted her nails, the sun was just peaking over the edge of the earth casting lovely paints of pink, yellow, blue, and orange across Heaven's expanse. Dressed in nothing except a thigh high lace shift, Isis inhaled the early morning scents as they drifted threw her balcony window, as always the wild foreign textures from the market town far below the Summer palace; were so luxurious to the princess. Isis was the sixth Isis in the history of New Egypt, she was second in line to the thrown by birth, and was the eldest sister to a dozen or more siblings. Isis' older brother, Ra II was the future king of New Egypt, at only 23 years of age the young man had already had several victorious campeigns, and built numerous monuments to glorify his father- King Seti Ra. 

New Egypt had been completely restored to what once was Ancient Egypt, Seti Ra's great grand father had resurected all of the major palaces of the ancient world back in 2014, Ciro had been destroyed and before anyone had achance to claim the old lands the land was taken over by Marcus Stills and his private army. Marcus Stills was the founder and creator of New Egypt, the layout, the funding, and the population of the city. He deemed himself the ruler of New Egypt and established the old ways of power and religion, changing his name to Seti Of New Egypt. He married a greek virgin, Cassi of Athens. The bloodline has been of greek and egyptian ever since then. Now the year of 2084, Seti Ra was in power, with four wives and over a hundred concubines.

Ra II and Isis' mother was Seti Ra's first wife, Atropos of New Egypt, her birth home was southern Greece. Alexandria, Seti Ra's second wife, bore him three daughters, Nephretiti, Cena, and Amunet I. Nephthys, the third wife had two boys, Amon and Heru. Finally Seti Ra's fourth wife Sacmis had two boys and a girl- Seth, Sekhet, and Thoth.

Any babies born to the concubines were merely there in case all of the royal childern perished, which was nearly unthinkable because the human life span was at most a hundred years or more. 

Isis' given name was Isis Atropos Beset. It had been the House of Beset for over thirty years, and Isis was proud to carry such a title. She had two trusted maids that had been serving the princess since they were young girls, Ana and Nea. Isis glanced at her fingers, inspecting Ana's maticulus attention to detail.

"Ah Ana they are so lovely!" exclaimed Isis happily as she looked more closely at the gold paint that had tiny onyx flowers embossed on the tips.

"Thank you, your Highness." smiled Ana as she then began working on Isis' toes.

" I overheard Alexandria this morning your Highness." spoke Nea as she began combing out Isis' long brown curls.

"When Nea?" asked Isis softly.

"I was returning from my normal bathing time your Highness, and her Majesty was speaking in a hushed voice with some of the cook's servers." explained the girl.

"And what was she telling them?" Isis glanced back into her friend's worried gaze.

"She gave them some kind of potion for a drink, I believe, and she told them to wait until she told them to use it. The servers replied asking if it was for someone in particular... and Alexandria said that it was for Atropos' daughter!" whispered the servant. Isis grabbed Nea pulling her down to her level.

"Nea are you 100% positive of what you heard?" whispered the princess into her ear. Nea nodded.

Isis slumped back into her chair sighing heavily, she was so tired and sick of this woman's games of lies and envy. For years Alexandria had been jealous of Atropos and Isis, because Isis would be crowned Queen of New Egypt if anything happened to Ra II and the three daughters of Alexandria would never have a chance at power and fame, unless Isis were to die or be murdered; which is what the second wife had been trying to do since Isis had been born. 

"Was I wrong to tell you so soon my Lady?" asked Nea.

" No no, you were right to tell me." answered Isis as she stood.

"Bring me Captain Andreas, he should be in the courtyard of the soldiers quarters." requested Isis.

The two servant girls' smirked to one another, as they bowed and did as they were asked. Captain Andreas was Isis' only lover, she called for him every morning and night, when he was available the two would always end their visit with a passionate lovemaking. Nea and Ana would always sneak in the secret door to Isis bed chamber to watch. Captain Andreas was of Spartan and Greek decent, and was a powerful man, a firm leader, and hardened soldier. He was honorable and trustworthy, Isis had known him since he was a boy, when his own father had been recruited by Seti Ra to command his vast armies.

Ra II did not like Andreas at all, but he could not do anything to touch him, because of Seti Ra's satisfaction with the Captain's loyalty to the royal family.

"Captain Andreas sir, her Highness Isis requests your presence." the two servants bowed to the Captain. He was on his Arabian stallion, inspecting his personal guard when Nea and Ana had shown up.

"Can it wait?" he murmured down to the girls.

"No sir." whispered Nea as softly as she could manage, they were all so close to the uniformed guards it was difficult to say anything with out them hearing it. The handsome Captain straightened his composer and then waved the girls away.

"Travis!" he called. From the first row stepped a soldier, he came swiftly to his captain.

"See that they practice as normal." directed the Captain.

"Yes Sir." Travis saluted then did as instructed.

Captain Andreas wheeled his stallion about and cantered towards the palace, he halted then dismounted handing the reins to the stable master. As he navigated the many grand halls and corridors, he knew it was no secret to the entire palace to where he was going. Finally reaching his lady's double doors he knocked gently.

"Come in." her voice replied.

Andreas entered then locked the doors behind him. Isis turned to him, wearing her golden silk robe, her face was radient, her eyes so lovely. Her pierced nipples and belly linked with a gold chain. Isis smiled as she took him all in. Andreas was wearing his uniform proudly, it had been designed by his father. Breathable, stretchy, sweat absorbing material was used for the leggings and the short sleeved u-neck. This white bottom layer was meant for cold dessert nights and served as padding between the body and the armor. The armor was a lightweight steel, dyed a maroon color, all of the armor was the same for each soldier, big sections covered the majority of a man's body, except at the joints were left tiny slats for movement and range of motion. Boots were secured tightly around the ankles, as were the soldiers' helments about their heads when going into battle. All of the battle horses were Arabians, carefully bred and selected for war, they wore a chainmail that covered the face, neck, chest, back, and sides. Andreas had developed a special bracelet clasp to go around the animal's four ankles right above it's hooves, that had six lethal spikes portruding from it. It was also his idea at the age of sixteen to start training the war horses how to rear, kick, and strike out at the enemy.

The idea was approved by Isis' father once he had seen how effective it was in a mock fight when Andreas had turned nineteen.

Over the past fifty years the world had taken yet another shift in how it ran it's economy and industry, the switch had come when there was a food shortage in over half of the United States population, as well as parts of China, India, Africa, and South America. Returning to it's former ways of life, before cars and radio, before television and electronic devices. Not all of the counturies returned to it's roots. There were sections in every continent that refused to give up the standard of convenience and luxury. Marcus Stills had been a rich man all his life, yet he much preferred to be in the libraries of Ciro, until the day that the famine hit all of Egypt and chaos broke out among the country, it was in a downward spiral untill there was nearly nothing left, and it had only taken two years! Marcus had fled to Europe until the demise of Egypt was morbidly decided. 

Marcus had then returned to Ciro to see for himself the destruction of what once was his beloved home, and while he was exploring the demolished museums, is when the man had his realization of restoring Egypt's old way of life.

Andreas' eyes raked over his woman as she slowly approached him, true they were not married, but she had given herself to him completely only a year ago when they both had turned nineteen. Andreas father, General Maxemus was happy for his son's success with the Arabian war horses and his standing with the Pharoah, yet he was displeased with the young man's chosen love affair.

"What is thy biding my Lady?" asked Andreas softly as he dropped to a knee as she stopped in front of him.

"Captain Andreas, come eat with me, we have much to discuss." answered Isis as she motioned for him to rise and follow her. A small smile crossed her face as she heard her maids sneak in the private door to her room, Isis had known the two were enthrawled by Captain Andreas and especially now since they knew first hand what went on behind Isis chamber doors.

Andreas followed Isis to the balcony where a table was set with all kinds of delicacies, fruits, milk, breads, hot grains, freshly squeezed juice. He helped her to her seat then took his own across from her.

"Isis if you keep this up my father will banish me from your room entirely, I'm not use to such finery, you know this my love." Andreas whispered as he watched her serve him a glass of orange juice. Isis merely smiled at him.

"And a princess of New Egypt should never serve anyone, you are Pharoah's first daughter. I should be serving you." added the Captain.

"You do serve me Andreas, and believe me, we both take mutual enjoyment from it I think. And your father will do no such thing, my word has never been disobeyed, only my father or mother could say anything to me. You know this Andreas, but still this is not why I have called you my love." Isis bit into a ripe green apple.

"What is wrong?" questioned Andreas as he helped himself to the many fruits and grains, knowing it might be the only food he would get until later that night.

"It's Alexandria. She is doing it again." spoke Isis with such distaste.

"What is it-" 

Suddenly the doors burst open and in ran Amunet I, giggling as she skipped into Isis' lap.

"Good morning sis!" exclaimed the eight year old happily.

"Why good morning to you to." chuckled Isis, wrapping her arms around her little sister. Amunet was the youngest of Alexandria's three daughters, and she was the only one who didn't want Isis dead. Isis had taken the child under her wing at the age of two, knowing that her mother would be too busy plotting with the two older girls to take proper care of Amunet. The eight year old looked at Isis as a kind of mothering older sister, and loved her to death. The little girl went to Isis for everything, while her mother merely asked the servants to watch out for the girl, caring nothing for the child.

With Isis' love and devotion, Amunet had blossomed into a bubbly, happy little girl who loved life as much as her sister did.

"And who have we brought this fine morning Amunet?" asked Isis as she noticed the girl was holding a fluffy baby animal.

"I brought my new baby kitten that father gave me yesterday, see." Amunet held the tiny white tiger up.

"Oh my, is she ready to be away from her mother?" asked Andreas.

"Yes, father said she was, and if I was very careful and take good care of her, he will let me keep her." replied the little princess.

"Would you like to keep her here in my room, Amunet?" asked Isis.

"Oh yes please. I don't know if mommy would let me keep her, even though father said I could." Amunet said sadly.

"Oh don't you worry Amunet, I have the perfect place for your little tiger in my baby pen, it was the same pen that Siren played in when she was little." Isis said gently, as she took the new tiger from the girl. Apon hearing her name, Siren, an adolescent black jaguar appeared in the doorway. 

"Come Siren." Isis spoke firm, yet gently. Siren trotted over to her owner and sniffed at the tiger cub, giving a soft groan of approval, Isis then helped Amunet put the tiger in the play pen that was near Isis' bed.

"What will you name your new pet?" Andreas asked once they had sat down again.

"I think I will call her, Crystal." answered Amunet.

"That is a lovely name Amunet. Would you like to stay and have breakfast with us?" inquired Isis. 

"I would love to, but I am to eat with father and Atropos this morning." said the little girl as she stood up to go.

"Alright sweet one, give father and mother my morning love and let father know that I will be in his thrown room later this morning to see him, okay?" said Isis as the girl gave her a quick goodbye hug.

"Yes Isis, I will." answered Amunet happily, then she skipped back out of the room, closing the private door as she left. Isis then went and locked that door as well.

"Now where were we?" she asked as she took her seat at the table once more.

"I was about to ask what is it this time? And do I need to stay with you tonight?" replied Andreas taking her hand in his. Siren found her own breakfast out on the balcony in the warm sunshine, she eagerly dug in.

"Posion drink. And yes I would like you to stay with me for the rest of the month, if you could manage Andreas. I am appointing you as my personal body guard, I will speak with my father about it later, I'm sure he won't object to it." Isis spoke between bites of honey glazed bread.

"I'll see what I can do Isis, my father is growing very impatient with me over this, us, I mean. Why doesn't your father just banish Alexandria? This isn't the first time, and he knows it to be true."

"Father knows it to be true, but he can't do anything until he personally sees plotting taking place. Remember my grandfather made all of those changes to the old ways?"

"Yes I remember reading about them, such a strange thing to do, but I respect those changes."

Andreas stood as he began to remove his armor, then his whites. Isis let her robe fall to the floor as she danced her way to the bed, her eyes glued on him as his beautifully sculpted body was revealed. His skin was darker then her's, and his body had more muscle from hours of training, he had soft dark curly chest hair that tappered into a thin line down his stomach, leading the way to a thick patch of curls above his manhood. His legs were pillars of strength and his arms were long with gracefully proportioned muscles. Andreas' hair was cut short so it was curlier then usual, those amber eyes riveted on the object of his desires.

Laying there in her bed Isis was the picture of a glorious goddess, perfect to his eyes in everyway, her legs were formed having a thickness to them that matched the rest of her, her hips were shapely and the gold jewel that graced her lovely tummy was so alluring. Those lushes orbs that lay upon her chest swollen with need made Andreas weak at the knees, to top off their beauty, her nipples were not only points of desire they also were bejeweled with gold horseshoe rings. 

The young man moved closer his eyes watching all of her, those hazel blue eyes staring back at him; her long brunette hair had been braided. Isis grabbed a pillow coming to her lover she placed a hand on his semi-erect penis, placing the pillow at his feet she knelt on it now eyelevel with his shaft.

"Andreas you are so gorgeous." moaned the princess, as she eagerly took his head in her mouth, wrapping her hand about his root she then began sucking and licking his head softly, stroking his shaft in time with her suckling.

"Oh Isis it's been so long... I've dreamed of having you take me like this again." breathed the Captain, his hands petting her hair with encouragement and love. He felt himself grow even harder as she made love to his cock, he moaned and sighed at every lick, suck and stroke. In turn Isis would also give tiny moans and mews of excitement as she felt him swell and grow thicker, Andreas knew she loved to attend to him this way and he knew he'd never deny the princess this pleasure. 

"Ah yesss Isis harder, just a little bit harder..." groaned Andreas as his fingers moved lower to tug and play with her needy nipples, plucking and rolling them between his fingers. Isis sucked even harder, moaning over and over again with each tug or roll of her nipples.

"Do you like that lover? Do you want more?" asked Andreas, his voice a soft husky tone.

Isis nodded vigorously as she stroked and suckled his now extremely hard cock. 

"Mmmm so sexy Isis, gods your chains make me want you so." he groaned deeply as he plucked and pulled gently on her chains.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" Isis released him with a sound of such passion as each pull caused sensitive vibrations inside her already oversensitive nipples, sending waves of new pleasure threw her breasts straight down to her soaking wet pussy. 

Andreas couldn't wait any longer, he pulled her up on her feet and gently steered her towards the bed, giving her lovely ass a few deserved smacks.

"Mmmmmmm, take me, I want you Andreas." moaned Isis loudly as she climbed on all fours.

"Yes my Queen, here I come." murmured the Captain, he guided his head, rubbing against her wet warm lips teasing her, making her wiggle and push back. Groaning Andreas pushed his thick head into her, nearly crying out in pleasure as she gripped him so tightly, welcoming his large girth and length.

"So tight." Andreas moaned out as he pushed in still further, trying to go slow for her own pleasure, knowing that he could so easily plunge in if he so desired. Her mewling groan of delight made him such a happy man as he finally seated himself fully within her warm squeezing passage. 

Isis wiggled taking his palm in her's she placed it against her lower stomach.

"I love having you deep within my tummy Andreas, I love how connected we are, our oneness." she purred.

"Yes Isis, yes my love, here feel me, my lovely Queen." whispered Andreas as he began to move in and out of her eager pliable body.

He moved faster and faster, wringing cries of passion and pleasure from his woman as he retreated and then swiftly filled her, he gripped her hips holding her still so he could drive himself even harder; even deeper. Isis arched her back to accept his ploughing shaft, her shouts and groans echoed as he obeyed her sounds of pleasure.

"Yes, yes,yes... Yessssss Andreas! So good so gooood!" she barely managed as he rode her. Her body tingled zinging with every explosive orgasm Andreas drew from her roused body, gripping his cock hard with each of his thrusts.

"Isis I'm going to cum! Issssis!" groaned out Andreas as he pushed himself deep inside her letting himself burst, releasing a volume of his cum.

"Ohhhh Andreas Yes!" she screamed shoving herself back into him, wanting to take all of his gift inside her trembling hot body.

"Oh Isis my love, you are a beauty." sighed Andreas heavily as he rolled from her.

"My lover, Andreas I love you." purred the princess as she moved to lick up the last drops of his seed as he lay on his back. 

"I love you to Isis, you are my mate, my lover, my Queen. I am loyal to you." said Andreas as his fingers wove their way into her hair massaging her scalp.

"If my father approves, would you marry me Andreas?" asked Isis looking up from her licking.

"Yes, I would. But I am a servant of Egypt and a slave to Pharaoh. How could we marry?" Andreas sat up on his elbows.

"I want to move up the Nile closer to sea, near the memorial of Alexandia. There is an ancient palace near there, it was discovered in the early two thousands, I want to make it mine. And since my brother is not interested in it, that means all I have to do is restore it as I see fit. Father and Ra II are joint rulers of New Egypt, and I could be protector of the upper Nile!" explained the princess excitedly.
