 A follow up to Hearth Witch, this contains more absurdly huge boobs. So if that is something you are not into, this probably is not for you.

*****

Krys moved the boulder aside with a flick of her wrist, allowing her and Siteri to access the secret entrance to the fortress which protected the pass into the holy city of Vandrei. It had been two weeks since her life had been upended with the revelation that she might very well be a witch from a bygone age. Despite searching ruins of witch settlements for answers, she still had no inkling of how that could be. 

There were memories of her childhood and the challenges of becoming a woman were particularly clear. Her heart, too, was filled with nights drifting off to sleep while being read stories by her adoptive parents and trips to other monasteries. It was impossible for all of those things to be fabrications. 

She needed answers, demanded them even. Which is why they were here now, attempting to gain entry to the remains of what was once bustling stronghold. Siteri figured it was the next best place to look.

"Go ahead and put you hand to that sigil there. Your energy should undo the lock."

"I'm not sure why mine..." Krys put her hand to the cold stone anyway and golden light spread throughout an ornate seal with a dragon motif. There was a rumble and the rock face split open, revealing a pair of hidden doors that swung inwards. 

"I didn't think it would be so dusty in here," the Hearth Witch said as a small fragment of witch crystal embedded in her staff flickered to light. "Or so dark. I expected the power to come back on once the stronghold sensed us."

"No sense worrying about it now." Krys focused on the runes she had etched into her to fight the witch crystal of Alannathea. She whispered the word for light and a golden glow swelled into radiance through her traveling attire. The spell had become second nature for traversing darkness or keeping watch. Actually, when she thought about it, she was advancing quite rapidly with her spellcraft ability on all fronts.

In the intervening weeks, she had gotten very adept at handling her new talent and appearance. The first thing she did was to figure out why she was lactating and resolve it, for the most part at least. Now she would only swell with milk if she used her magic for too long. There was something about how her body processed mystical energies that was the root cause and she could not figure out how to prevent it.

At least her expansive bust had turned out to be less of a hassle than she expected. They were still in the way, as would be the case with anything that occupied the vast majority of her torso, but they hardly weighed anything. Even when filling up, they did not gain any mass. She knew it was some magic from her past that made it possible, as there had been one time when she exhausted even her reserves and then they were very heavy for a couple hours.

"Careful up here," Siteri said, putting her hand on Krys' arm. "There used to be mechanical sentries. The power might be out, but they could still be active."

That touch was part of the other challenge for Krys. In the time since they met, the burly witch's company had become very pleasant. Even so, it was hard for Krys admit she liked the Hearth Witch as anything more than a friend. There was something intractable about her being however many hundreds of years old, but looking like she might as well be in her forties for how much that age showed. Despite those thoughts, it was hard to ignore how her heart seemed to skip a beat when they were close.

She had tried to coax answers out of Siteri about what she had been like in the past, what their relationship had been. Siteri insisted Krys was a new person who could make her own decisions. That felt like a dodge. She frequently caught Siteri staring at her with a resigned expression on her face. The older witch still had feelings for her long lost friend and from the memories Krys had experienced, the feeling had been mutual.

The passage opened up into a vast, two-level rotunda. Cobwebs coated the upper balcony including the imposing looking gargoyles. Seven other passageways faded into darkness in the other compass directions. On the floor, under the dust, was an emblem of a dragon in flight that tugged at Krys' memories. History said the symbol of a dragon with spread wings belonged to The Sorceress of Vandrei. 

Was that who she had been, the ruler of the Southern Province? The conclusion jived with the snatches of memory she had gotten from the witches trapped in the crystal of Alannathea. The woman with her face from the past had been pleading with others to abandon their ambition to revive the Goddess. It also explained why the holy city had been destroyed ages ago. If there had been a war, and she had been leading one side, of course her enemies would have besieged her city.

Lips pursed, she strode to the center of the sigil and clapped her hands together. Kneeling, she pressed her hands to the floor. She expected energy to flow out of her and power the dragon like it had the door, but nothing happened.

"Your sister was Queen, Krys. Not you."

"What?"

"Your sister was the Sorceress of Vandrei. You, well, you were the black sheep of the family."

"Wait, are you saying?"

Siteri went to speak when there was a loud bang. A chittering sound came from one of the other passageways, like the clatter of giant spider legs. It grew louder until it sounded like it was coming from everywhere. There was an explosion of purple light and when they could see again, someone wielding two blades had each of them at sword point. The steel crackled with purple lighting which kept lightly shocking them.

Their face was hidden behind a mask, though their black eyes were visible through the slit. When they spoke, it was in broken phrases, as if they had not fully learned the language. A necklace of purple stone wrapped in metal hung around their neck.

"Why you two cows here, huh? What you come for?"

"We're looking for something," Siteri answered. "That's all." 

Krys chanted under her breath and hoped she would be done with the spell in time.

"Looking for bounty on Elvira's head no doubt? If that be the case, prepare for trouble." She dove at them, but the blades bounced off of an invisible barrier as Krys finished chanting. Blown back, their assailant's mask and blades clattered to the floor. Krys finally got a good look at them. 

Even with their icy gray skin, their attacker, likely Elvira or an associate, was breathtakingly beautiful. Short hair the color of falling snow hung like curtains on either side of their face. As they staggered to their feet, Krys noticed pointed ears under their hair. She and Siteri were dealing with a dark elf.

"Witches! Oh, day is getting so much better for Elvira. She is going to be so rich!" The elf reached up and ripped off their sleeves, revealing wicked looking brands on either shoulder. Pressing her hands to them, the elf who was presumably Elvira started to glow. Energy crackled around her, visibly arching as she pulled her hands away and took a combat stance.

Siteri moved first, swinging with her staff. The fragment of crystal in the wooden pole seemed to burst as it got close to the strange elf, leaving the end splintered and charred. Even so, the impact sent their opponent sprawling in the dust.

The runes down Krys' arm ignited red as she cursed and flung fire. The elf frantically batted away the flames with her lightning-wreathed hands and then scrambled to her feet. She rushed at the witches, arms wide as if tackle one of them with her crackling grasp. She grazed both of them when they tried to dodge. When she wheeled about, there was a maniac grin on her face and an apple-sized shard of witch crystal in each hand. The stone in her necklace began to glow.

The golden light of the witch fragments flickered and then changed to a purple hue, their luminescence growing darker and more eerie. The elf released them and they rose to float next to her ears. When her eyes started to glow the same color, she began to laugh. 

"Oh, so good, you two are. So full of the Goddess and your sisters," her voice had deepened. At the same time, a second higher register spoke along with her. "I can't wait to devour you both. You'll be so filling!"

With that, she lunged again. Her movements were faster this time and she had closed the gap before either witch could brace for impact. Her palm struck Siteri in the stomach and Krys on her boob. Shocks ran through their bodies as the dark energy arched over them. 

Heat rose at the impact sites as a pull began to take hold of Krys. It felt like several somethings were being dragged towards the elf's hand under her skin. Slowly a single massive shard rose from her chest. The faces were jagged and sharp, as if actually several other crystals forcibly fused together.

The elf's energy arced to the shard. White hot cracks began to form. The moment the mass of gemstone slipped free rose from Krys' skin, it shattered. The pieces first fell to the ground, like glassy rain, only to rise and then float in the air around the trio of women.

Stone by stone, each stolen piece of power went dark like the others and began to orbit them. As the elf's laugh became shrill, the whirl of stones became a howling vortex. There was a flash and the swarm of crystals formed into a crystalline mask and crown, obscuring the elf's face. Which is when she released them.

The Krys that hit the floor was dramatically different. She was thinner than she had ever been. At first, she was so frail looking it was like she had aged a hundred years, but her flesh slowly filled back out. Even so, her chest remained relatively flat and she was not sure how to feel about that. The runes from her previous battle glimmered, but did not glow. The only light came from the shards the elf had stolen.

Try as she might to resist, Krys looked up and could only stare open mouthed at the woman floating a foot in the air before them like a bright star in the night sky. Her clothes had been torn away, leaving her stone gray flesh exposed. Some of the shards marking her face fell to her skin, embedding into her body.

Her figure swelled as her belly, arms, and legs thickened with doughy curves. A change even more noticeable as her frame began to grow shorter. As she lost height, those inches seemed to be redirected to her bust. Her flat chest inflated rapidly, her boobs each growing into vast tear drops that settled on her chubby paunch. A network of dense veins was visible under the elf's pale skin, giving her a blush she had never had before.

A sibilant whisper filled the air as the tips of four tails grew into view over her shoulders and around her still widening hips. Four particularly diamond shaped stones sank into them, giving the new appendages wide fin-like ends. Her face was obscured by the mass of darkened crystal she had extracted from the witches. One gem floating in the middle of her face seemed to burn brighter than the others. Several others began to shimmer in a similar way until it became obvious they were flaming eyes.

"Ah, thank you my lovelies," the voice was like one hundred. "It feels so much better to be me and not that pitiful mortal husk. Only a little more now and then I will deal with you." 

There was an audible gurgling noise as the elf's fatten body pulsed ever larger. Her already massive tits crept down the curve of her stomach, spreading wider as they grew past her waist and towards her hips. Krys could not help but notice how fat her nipples had become, their thickness rivaling the face of a silver coin. Her hips surged outwards, pumping ever larger with jiggling flesh. 

Finally, she made a shuddering noise and the gurgling ceased. Her endowments were truly massive now. Even laying over her thick tummy, they still hung to her hips and curved out a considerable distance in front of her. Most of their fronts were covered by deep purple areolae that curved up from the lighter flesh. Krys could not believe anyone had ever looked more like a fertility idol.

"Now, to business. I figured you would eventually arrive here, Krystala."

"What?" The statement made no sense. Who was Krystal-oh. Oh, no.

"Did you not come to slay me, my sister, or at least to return me to my prison?"

"I don't know what you're talking about..." Krys felt weak, her eyes kept drifting shut even as her mind raced.

"Have you forgotten what you did to the rest of us while you lived a life in the world? Do you not recall casting the spell that ended an age?"

"That wasn't me! I mean, maybe it was, but - I don't know. Who am I? Who are you? Why is this happening?"

The exceedingly lush elf chuckled and leaned forward to float on her stomach. While the mass of plush flesh spread outwards like she was on something solid, Her pendulous boobs hung to a point as far from the floor as her toes had been a moment ago. They seemed to squirm as she slowly wiggled her fattened ass back and forth.

She made an appraising noise and two shards floated down and sank into them with a ripple. At once they began to rise and fill out. Their oblong shape retracting to something more spherical. The new shape only accentuated her raised areolae, making them look even fatter as they swallowed her fat nipples. Krys felt like they looked even more absurd now, though she could not pull her gaze away either.

"You mean to say you've forgotten your own flesh and blood, Krystala? I'm hurt."

"She's lying," gasped Siteri. "She is no kin of yours. That is Y'hquezt of Darkening Crystal."

"Oh, Siteri! I didn't see you there."

Siteri had also been shrunk down. Though she seemed to be taking it harder than Krys. Her blue braid had bleached white and her face was drooping a little. She looked much more like a grandmother now. The elf picked up the Hearth Witch with two of her tails. Lifting her by her shoulders. "You're looking well, considering."

Siteri spat. "I should have killed you."

"But you didn't and now I'm free." She tossed Siteri into Krys. Krys swore she felt and heard bones breaking, but Siteri made no groans of pain. Y'hquezt floated down until she was inches from Krys. She licked pitch black lips so plump they looked like they would burst and then laughed, flashing a mouthful of pointed teeth.

"Look at you, the Goddess's chosen. Reduced to a sniveling little girl in clothes far too big for her. How does it feel to be stripped of your endowed power, Krystala?"

She should have been scared out of her mind, but Krys felt exceedingly calm. "I don't feel anything, really. I had always hated my figure and becoming a witch had only exacerbated the issue. I might be just a normal woman now, but I'm kind of okay with that."

"Kind of okay with not being special anymore? Kind of okay with not being able to stop me from becoming the Goddess? What kind of answer is kind of okay?"

"An honest one. If I had to choose between power and being a reasonable size. I'd take being a reasonable size."

Siteri groaned in her lap. "What are you even saying? I thought you wanted to be a witch?"

"I thought it would let me deal with being physically outstanding, but all it did was further my outlandish shape. Still..." She looked down at her arms, riddled with curved emblems tattooed into her skin. Would their draining effect still work? "I can't abide the idea of someone stealing something from me either! That power is mine, dammit!"

She reached out and grabbed hold of the center most eye-gem. Her runes flared blue as purple lightning crackled all around. Y'hquezt tried to pull away, but Krys' grasp held. Tails wrapped around her wrists, attempting to crush them. 

Just as her grip started to weaken, the gem snapped in half and pulled free of the elf's orbit. For a moment Y'hquezt's face was plainly visible, her purple eyes burning with malice, and then the other shards closed ranks and pushed Krys' hands aside.

Freed from the darkening influence, the gemstone fragments glowed golden once more. Both pyramid-shaped shards sank into Krys' palms and power surged through her. The now familiar tang of magic in her veins was very nearly intoxicating. Even as she felt her body slide against her clothes as it regained some of its curves, she was excited to have some amount of her power back. 

With a quick curse, she flung a blast of energy at her foe, knocking several more shards loose from her floating crown to send them skittering over the dusty floor. Y'hquezt responded with flicks of her tails, the crystal points cutting the air. Krys dodged most of them, but a back swing from one sent her flying.

Landing on her back, she felt the loose shards sink into her. Almost at once, her bust regrew to what had been her normal, each boob swelling well past a handful. She cursed her ancient self and whatever she had done to make the growth happen, but at least it kept her top in place.

In the time it took Krys to get up, Y'hquezt had snaked her tails around Siteri. Her coils were tightening around the Hearth Witch. "Pitiful, Krystala. Truly pitiful. Did you really think you could resist when I have a hostage?"

The elf began to laugh once more, flashing her fangs. Her gemstone eyes danced with the vibrations of her mirth and her rotund body jiggled from head to toe. She seemed so assured of her victory. Something about the display made Krys angry.

Yelling a curse that came to mind, she fired a beam of bright yellow energy from her palm. Not at the evil witch, but at the gargoyle behind her. The wave of magical force washed over the stone statue and a good portion of the second floor behind it.

There was a grinding noise as runes like those on her arms burst into life on the statue. Yellow light flowed out from there, lighting a zigzagging network of energy lines. Soon a second gargoyle began to stir. And a third. The trio dropped to the floor, kicking up the dust and making small craters as they did so.

Surprised by their arrival, Y'hquezt dropped Siteri.

Krys dove to catch the frail-looking witch and then ran as fast as she could.

-*-

An hour later, Krys could still hear Y'hquezt searching for them. The elf was singing a song as she moved from room to room in another wing of the stronghold. The words were inscrutable, but the tone was eerie and chilling. Krys hoped their luck at avoiding her held until they could escape.

Siteri was not well. Losing her magic was seemingly responsible for slowly aging the witch's body to match the years she had lived. She already looked like skin and bones. Krys worried that the next time she blinked, the Hearth Witch would become just more dust in the ruins. As they lay there in the dark, she tried to give some of her power to her friend, but Siteri had refused.

"You're going to need every ounce of strength to defeat The Darkened Crystal. Even if you gave me an equal share, we still wouldn't be a match at barely a quarters' strength."

"I don't want to lose you though. I can't take on this mystery alone."

"You found yourself before. I have faith you can do it again."

"That wasn't me. Why do all of you keep thinking I'm someone from the past?"

"Krystala, I-"

"No!" She was on her feet, her runes burning. "My name is Krys and I want answers right now. What makes you so sure I'm her?"

"That you can hear the song of the witch crystals is-"

"Not an answer. You can hear the song, too."

Siteri laughed, which turned into coughing. When she pulled her hand away, it was stained with blood. "Just...trust me that you are, somehow, the greatest witch in an age."

"How can that be? I can't even save the one person important to me."

Siteri looked defeated and Krys' shoulder drooped. She was just about to settle back down and wait out her friend's last moments when she heard something. The sound of chimes. The volume of Y'hquezt's song spiked suddenly. From around the corner, there were hints of her ghostly purple glow. Pursing her lips, Krys lifted Siteri on her back and moved towards what she hoped was the source of the other faint song.
