 "No! That is unacceptable to me!" Isis' voice rang through out the thrown room. She rested her head in the brief shadow of her palm, allowing her eyes to close in a slight reprieve. She had been awoken earlier then usual by Ana and Nea that morning. Guards had captured a stolen boat, with two fishermen intending to make haste down the Nile; with them was a newly born foal from the royal stables. Isis prized all of her father's Arabians, as well as the many that he had given to her to breed in this new land.

The two men were pitiful in their attempts to plead their case, saying that the foal had a curse upon it, that it would've been better to take it, rather then allow it to infect the entire stable. Isis' anger had boiled over at their ignorance and betrayal. There the tiny foal stood with them, in the great palace thrown room, it's groomsmen had wrapped it in a towel to keep it warm. Isis went to the small creature. The caretakers uncoiled the wrap for her at her request. Kneeling, the Queen's hands immediately felt the foal all over, expertly assessing the bone structure, the muscles and tendons. The little thing seemed in perfect condition, but why steal it? She glanced in the thieves direction her eyes puzzled yet her expression foretold of the still burning anger, her palace guards held the two criminals firmly; spears poised to dispose of them at a mere wave of her hand.

Isis knew the foal well, he was born of Anubis and Lila, Lila was the sister of her own Arabian; Sirria. His coat was still fuzzy and velvety soft, dapple gray was just visible as his coat color. His charcoal muzzle looked similar to his father's. Isis' eyes flickered across his body checking his overall color. The baby horse made a grunting squeal at her handling, his eyes on her.

"I know little one, I will return you to your mother soon." cooed the Queen, petting his small form in reassurance. There at the back of his rump, almost exactly where his tailbone joined the rest of his body, the baby had a white crescent moon marking, it was big, seeming to touch the base of his tail then arc around to the top point. Shaking her head Isis sighed heavily as she again stood.

"Take him back to the stables, give him to his mother. Make sure she has fresh hay and water. Then put them to pasture with the other mares." she directed the two groomsmen.

Bowing low the two men left with the foal to do as she requested. Turning back to the two idiots her keen eyes sparked.

"Hang them! Know that you both have committed high treason by taking what is mine. That youngling had nothing wrong with him, he was granted a marking by the moon; that is all! Now away with you." she growled aloud. The thieves began to cry and speak incoherent babble as they were hauled away by the guards, pleading to be spared their lives. Returning to her thrown she sank into it deeply, Isis just couldn't understand why they would steal such a prized and well known possession, the emblem of her palace was that of an Arabian. The act itself was bold and spoke volumes to the young Queen. Were her subjects that displeased with her ruling? The air currents drifted lazily threw the giant pillars that held the roof of the thrown room. Spring had come, bringing warmer nights and hotter days, but the nearness of the sea wafted away most of the stifling heat; cooling the air with its fresh winds. 

Isis wished Andreas were with her, he would have a better understanding of what the peoples needs were, but he had left over a month ago to retrieve Amunet. Sighing Isis left the thrown room, she walked the grand archways of limestone and marble floor to her bathing room. Soft linens hung from pillars that surrounded her oval pool, the hues of pink, green, yellow, maroon were lit by the sun's rays that filtered threw the high arching windows of the outer walls. The room was large but the steamy heat from the warm water rose to greet the Queen as she removed her numerous ankle rings and arm bands. Nea and Ana were away in the kitchen that morning so it was up to lesser serving girls to do their tasks. Isis shed her lace robe and stepped into the soothing bath, wading she let the warmth seep into her muscles before she dunked her head beneath to wet her amble hair. Emerging she drew a deep breathe of fresh air, filling her lungs then releasing it slowly, enjoying the relief that it aided her. A deep fierce purring met her ears as the water stilled, she turned to find Siren staring at her while the big cat lounged by the edge of the sunken tub. Her intense yellow eyes watching her master's every move, the feline's ears would swivel or flicker catching the slightest sounds that might mean Isis' endangerment, the cat's devotion to her owner was deeper then any human could fathom.

Isis washed her body, then trimmed her unwanted body hair, a task that she preferred to do herself rather then have the uncertain hands of another. Finally rinsing off she then heaved herself from the water to a maid who waited to dry her with the softest cotton.

"Braid my hair today Lila." the Queen instructed as she slipped into a sapphire garment, a bra with the cups decorated with intricate ivy leaves of gold and green; the matching skirt was long down to her ankles yet it was slit up the sides of her thighs and the front and the back, the belt that held the piece together was gold with green and blue tassels all around the drop boarder. Flat brown sandals were put on to protect her feet. Lila finished off the Queen's braid by tying it with a blue gold beaded tassel. Lastly Isis put two simple hoop earrings in, leaving her other gold bangles and bands for her maids to return to her jewelry box in her room. 

Isis called Siren as she exited the bath suite and took a left turn at the salmon colored pillars in the south wing towards the royal stable. Entering quietly she said nothing to the stable men and women, only a nod to each as she passed by to indicate that they could go about their business, she was on her way to her horse's stall at the north end of the building.

"Ah, good morning Sirria." spoke Isis as she approached the stall door, instantly a dish faced face poked it's head out of the top open door frame, her eyes were large and dark with lashes the swept and fluttered every time the animal blinked. Ears that nearly touched at the tips as they stood at attention as her owner came forward. A coat that shone as a bright copper shield, with a thin strip of white that ran from between her soft dark eyes to the tip of her small muzzle. Her cheeks were etched and brought so much character to the young horse's face as her eyes looked around in the early morning light. Isis palmed the filly's neck lovingly, pressing her nose into the beast's throat drinking in the scent of her, while taking in the tones of fresh hay and grain that was being distributed among the barn; it brought a smile to the Queen's face and made her spirit soar. Sirria gave a welcoming nicker as she turned her gorgeous face around to look at Isis. Her long fiery forelock gracing her forehead like a crown.

"Yes my sweet I have come to brush you." smiled Isis as she cradled the creature's face in her hands as she pressed her small human form to the horse's neck and cheek. Siren had stayed outside of the barn, she had learned at a young age that horses and large predator's tend not to mix well together. 

Taking a rope Isis made a slip knot loop then she lowered it over Sirria's head, then she unlocked the lower stall door wide to allow the filly room to pass threw. The horse swung her hindquarters around as Isis then shut the door. The Arabian filly looked like a pony in stature but that was merely a size stand point, the copper chestnut was in excellent health and form for a 1 year old. Isis tied the end of the rope to the metal ring that was next to Sirria's stall door, talking to her equine always, cooing or making words of encouragement to the filly. Sirria merely stood there, her eyes bright and alert but her ears flickered as Isis worked on combing her mane and tail, then she started to brush the horse's copper coat. As Isis worked and talked to Sirria, her mind would wander as she did her task, thinking of Amunet and hoping nothing treacherous had happened to her and Andreas. Once her mount was clean and shinning, the Queen saddled and bridled the Arabian, swinging herself into the saddle she rode Sirria out into the morning sunlight and across the remaining courtyards. Down the simple streets of the townspeople and out onto the heated sands that met the banks of the never ending ocean.