 I grunted, my panting making matters all too apparent as Celestial slowed to a bouncing trot. My sweet dapple grey Arabian had faired much better then I during this frantic flight. We had just exited the rich lushes harbor ports of Morocco about three hours prior to our journey into the northern half of Africa. Now my mount had led us to a small oasis, her sharp hearing, eagle eyesight and supreme nostrils had saved us once again. Celestial came to an abrupt stop, or so it seemed nearest to the tiny pool of water. I tilted and ended up crashing to the sands, with much grace and status, rolling to hoist myself into a sitting position I glanced to the horse. Celestial raised her face from the pond, droplets of water dripping from her velvet soft black muzzle, her soul deep eyes twinkled with mirth, her ears swiveled curiously as she nickered deep within her chest.

"Ah shut it!" I managed to croak, "You try riding a horse for 100 miles with zero water or food, you'd be a little trippy too." I grumbled as I unceremoniously crawled over to the water plunging my entire head into it. Celestial blew air from her lips, shaking her mane while chuckling at me once again, she began to drink as I brought my head out of the crisp cool water. The water felt stupidly refreshing as it trickled down my neck and back, cleansing me of miles of sweat and dusty sands.

I removed my thigh high lace-ups, the only thing that had helped my legs from chaffing was my equally high socks. My boots were not a stiletto heel either, they had a shorter block heel which I found way more comfortable then those ridiculous fashion driven stick things back in North America. So much had changed in nearly seventy five years, I remember the numerous stories that my grandmother use to tell me when my mother took me to the countryside to visit her horse farm, as a young girl in the early 2070's. Luckily my family had managed to protect that land from the government and crazy rouge groups. My family's farm was protected by the state of Kentucky and that wasn't about to change simply because the damn government wanted to make it a building site for a new group of architects.

I stripped off my spaghetti strap, thigh cut-off gauze dress. It wasn't much I know, it was considered mere lingerie several years ago, but now wearing lingerie items in public was the recent fashion trend, very risque pieces that left nothing to the imagination. Strangely enough, the piece that I was wearing had been the style that my mother had dressed herself in while I grew up, it was simple and nomadic in many ways... an old trend, outdated to say the least. And on a farm of about 80 acres, there's typically not anyone around to judge or spy on those who would where outdated clothes, such as myself. Grandmother Lulu had continued to wear t-shirts and jeans while she was alive, saying that it was the way of the cowgirl as she tended to her horses and the land. I again knelt by the little pond, cupping my hands I brought the water up to drink. Celestial had had her fill and was now standing beneath the single palm tree that shaded the pond. I filled the lamb's skin that I had bought after getting off of the ship in Morocco, then I drenched my dress in the cool water, knowing that it would dry sooner then was needed to make it to the beaches of Alexandria. Putting it back on I then went to my saddle pack that was strapped to the back of my saddle and got the heavy blanket that was originally my bedding, draping it about Celestial's neck I again mounted. My boots felt squishy on my feet as I settled them into the stirrups. I knew that we would make it to the beach by nightfall if nothing bad came our way.

"We'll make it Celestial, don't you worry." I murmured encouragingly to my horse, she tossed her head in reply. With a soft tap of my heels we set off at a steady canter.

Isis patted Sirria's sweaty neck as she brought her to a stop in the foaming spray of the beach, she had been out riding all morning and afternoon. Her filly loved to run as much as she did, Isis was glad that dusk had begun to settle over the land for the temperature had began to cool off some. The blue gray hues made the ocean seem darker as the sun dipped further below the horizon. Isis murmured praises into her mount's ears as she turned her towards the direction of the palace. Sirria began to walk when suddenly she stopped, her head snapping up in attention, her ears flickering, and with a curious nicker she turned her bright eyes back down the beach. Isis looked in the direction, listening. A dim sound of a whinny reached her ear's as she gazed hard in the way that Sirria was watching. Sirria let out a loud answering whinny, vibrating Isis with the strength of the sound, she held the reins in check not wishing Sirria to sprint away without her say. Her curiosity grew as the other horse whinnied again, but the sound didn't seem to be getting any closer so she loosed the reins some. Instantly Sirria leapt into a giddy canter, she wanted to meet the other horse. Isis' reassured herself by placing her hand on her daggers that were hidden beneath her cloak, strapped to her waist belt. The night was coming on quickly so visibility was lessening by the minute. Suddenly the other horse trotted into view... with a rider! Isis couldn't imagine how far this rider had traveled to get here, for her palace wasn't exactly just around the corner. As they approached she saw that the rider was female, riding a stunning dapple grey mare. Isis slowed Sirria, and the other rider stopped a mere ten feet from her. Isis squinted as she attempted to peer into the woman's green eyes. She had wrapped herself in a blanket and had concealed her face with what appeared to be cotton socks, her boots were made of leather and may extend further up her legs but Isis couldn't tell for sure. The dapple grey bobbed her head and snorted playfully at Sirria.

"Stranger, who are you? And where do you come from?" Isis finally addressed this woman, she didn't want to have to stay out here all night. I gazed at this Queen, Isis was her name I knew of her by way of the telecast news reports. I knew she had been granted position as Queen near Alexandria's old port, but I hadn't imagined to come face to face with this lady so soon. She was regal and her poise demanded respect, but I didn't oblige her with a bow of any kind, I stared at her just as she did me, I knew her bloodline well. I may have been raised in the more modern world of the current decade, but I wasn't ignorant of what went on in other sectors of the world, our green hazel eyes spoke to our connection; whether or not she knew of it... I was about to find out. The sun's disappearance left my burning trek somewhat cool but I ignored my skin's complaints as I cast off my blanket. My keen eyes caught a twitch of her hidden hand; she was armed.

"My mother named me Lena Stills... I am from North America, it is my country of birth, my family horse farm resides in Kentucky. I've narrowly escaped rebel group's who wished me jailed, I traveled here to take my place and receive my birth right." I said honestly as I revealed my face.

Isis sat stunned by this woman's words, who was she? Why did her face look familiar in someway? Her birth right? Was she here to steal her thrown? Was she an unknown enemy that Father forgot to tell her about? Isis' voice turned icy as she drilled her sharp gaze into this strange woman.

"What birth right? You are an American, what claim brings you to my country, you are a stranger here; nothing more." she spoke carefully. Sirria pawed the sands, eager to get closer to her new friend but Isis held her steady.

"My grand father gave me the title of my birth right when my mother bore me 23 years ago. He called me, Hehet (goddess of the immeasurable)." I answered solemnly.

"What?" gasped Isis.

"I am the great great great grand daughter of Marcus Stills, himself." I declared.

"Impossible!" Isis cried, she could not believe what her ears were hearing, this woman was crazy! She was speaking none sense, blaspheming. Isis swallowed hard, but what if it were true?

"I assure you, young Queen I am who I am. I carry with me a scroll of my lineage."

Isis nodded dumbly, could it really be? "Come, let's discuss this in my dining room." Isis directed her new guest towards the palace. The two fillies nickered and smelled each other the whole way back to the palace.