 As he handed me the old book, I felt something change. That something flowed from the leather of the book through my fingers to my entire body. It lasted only a second, though, before the feeling was gone. Then nothing was left other than the book and his gentle smile. 

"What did you say?" I asked him. 

"I said enjoy your new book. It's a doozy," he replied. 

"Thanks," I said slowly. 

Maybe it was his smile or maybe it was that feeling a second ago, but I knew I overstayed my welcome. With a nod, I put the book into my school bag and headed back to my dorm room. 

The book store was within walking distance my college, so it worked out well when I wanted a book. And, this book certainly caught my eye. I was always into other people's tales, new and old. And this journal fit that bill perfectly. I happened to notice it while looking at the used book bin by the front door. As soon as I flipped through it, I knew I had to have it. And, I had the added benefit of having no more classes today, so I could read it to my heart's content. 

"Ken!" 

My feet paused mid step as I looked for who called my name. half way down the path, I saw Jen walking up to me. She wasn't a tall girl, but she certainly had looks. Her face was gentle, going nicely with her short, black hair. Her figure was slim, but not too thin thanks to the muscles from the track team through the years. She didn't have a lot in the chest or hips, yet she played both areas perfectly with outfits that revealed just enough to make you wonder. Today was no exception with her white spaghetti strap, unbuttoned, black over shirt, and jean shorts. 

"Damn," I whispered under my breath. 

"What was that?" she said as she reached me.

"Oh, nothing," I replied quickly. "Just speaking to myself again." 

"Such a strange habit," she said with a shake of her head. "Anyway, I was hoping you could help me out." 

"With what?" 

"You know that math test we have coming up? Could you help me study for it? I don't want to get my butt kicked again." 

"You didn't do that bad," I said, smiling. 

"I got a seventy-four." 

"That's passing with a C." 

She hit me in the arm playfully. "I'm serious here. I know I can do better, but I can't focus. The numbers just get jumbled in my head. Please?" 

"Alright, alright. How does tonight sound? Eight thirty? It's either that or tomorrow after nine." 

"Both?" 

I laughed slightly. "Both it is."

"Thanks so much!" She looked down at her watch. "I got class, now, so I'll see you tonight. Eight thirty sharp." 

"Eight thirty." 

"Thanks again!" she shouted as she ran down the path toward the library. 

I watched her go, torn between watching her tone ass and her shapely legs. 

"One day," I thought out loud. "One day..." 

With a glance at my own watch, I saw it read one fifteen. That gave me plenty of time to dive into my book and eat before she came over. Not wanting to waste any more time, I made the rest of my way to my room. 

My dorm room wasn't much to look at, but it had the perk of being a single. Before, I had to share a room with a guy who always had his girl over and I got tired quickly with getting kicked out. Now, I dealt with the sound coming through my walls at most. My computer sat in standby as I passed through the door and placed my bag on my small bed. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see the gaming posters that lined my walls, but my main focus was on the window as I moved to close the shade following by a flick of my light switch. 

I paused slightly in front of my full length mirror to look at myself. I wasn't much to look at, but I felt better knowing I wasn't overweight. More of a beanstalk, I stood taller than most with thin arms and legs. My coaches in high school always tried to get me to play sports because of my height, but I never had much of an interest. I would rather sit in front of a computer screen or put my face in a book than run around a gym. I noticed my brown hair was getting long again and was going to need a cut soon. That combined with my almost baby face and I was destined to be put into every girl's friend zone. It didn't help that my fashion statement of gaming t-shirts was outdated. 

"I need to do something about my image," I said to myself before walking to the bed. 

I pushed the thought into the back of my mind, though, as I turned my attention to my new book. Reaching into my bag, I pulled the book out and leaned against the back board of my bed with the pillow propped up. The instant I opened the book to the first page, though, I was floored. 

It was blank. 

"What the...?"

I flipped through the pages to find every single one of them blank. I clearly remembered it being filled before with hand written words. There were dates, times, and tons of memories. Yet, here the book was, blank of even a single pen mark. I tried to think back if the book could have been switched out when I bought it, but there was never a chance. I was sure it was the same book. 

"What a load of bull." 

I flipped to the first page again in one last, vain hope and noticed something. On the inside cover, there were words branded into the leather. I barely noticed them because of how well the blended in with the cover itself. Looking closely, I was just able to make out the words. 

"Bind to me until freely passed." 

I reread the words a few times, but couldn't make heads or tails of them. In the end, I threw the book at my covers in frustration. 

The book never hit the bed. 

I watched in awe as the book hovered a few inches above the bed. It stayed there, motionless for a second before it started to rise up higher into the air. At the same time, the cover and pages started to glow with a pale light. As the book rose higher, the glow got stronger until I could barely make out the outline of the book. Suddenly, the light flashed brightly, bathing the room in a blinding light. I shielded my eyes in vain as the light drowned everything else out. Then, as quickly as it came, it was gone. Instead of a book laying at the foot of my bed, though, was a girl kneeling in front of me. 

She looked no older than me, but stunning in every way. Her dark, auburn hair cascaded from the top of her head to the small of her back with just a small layer of bangs in the front. Her face was round and gentle, combining with her hair to make a mix of exotic and elegant beauty. There was little to no fat on her body, giving her a flawless, hourglass figure. Her milky skin shined slightly in the light of my lamp, almost giving her a goddess vibe. The clothes she wore enhanced that feeling, for they were nothing more than a sheer top and pants with gold bands holding them to her body. If they were any thinner, I was certain I would see more skin than I should. 

"Hello Master." 

Her melody filled voice snapped me out of my daze and caused me to jump back. But, since I was already against the back board, all I ended up doing was hitting my head on my wall. I saw her flinch as I struck myself and moved to rub my sore skull. 

"Sorry," she said softly. "I always seem to get someone hurt the first time." 

"What... Who..." I said, trying to get my thoughts in order. 

"Let me try again." She gave me a sweet smile that almost made me forget that she appeared out of thin air. "My name is Catrina and it is a pleasure to meet you, my Master." 

"Master?" 

"Yes," she said with a nod. "You are now my Master and I am now your genie." 

I sat against my wall, silently still rubbing my head. 

"I believe you are confused," she said. 

"Utterly and completely." 

"Yet, you are not freaking out. That is a good sign." 

"That's probably the shock keeping me numb at the moment." 

"Understandable." 

"Any chance you can explain all this?" I asked.

"Certainly," she said, the smile still on her face. "When you read those words in the book out loud, you released me and bound me to you until you choose to pass me on. During that time, I will grant any wish I can for you, within the rules."

"Any and all wishes? There isn't a limit?" 

"There is no limit to how many, but there is a limit to what. There are rules set out to keep things in order." 

"Like what?" 

"The rules are simple," she said, raising one finger on her delicate hand. "You may not wish for any harm on yourself or others. This includes wishing for someone to harm themselves or something that can cause harm in the future." She raised a second finger. "You cannot reveal or make a wish that will reveal my powers to anyone. Magic outside of this contract is forbidden because it may hold dire consequences if left unchecked." A third finger. "You may not use my power to ascend to power yourself. Nothing that grants you a throne or seat of power." A fourth finger. "You may not wish for you to cast magic yourself. Only powers bound by the limits of my magic are allowed." A fifth finger. "Finally, you may not extend your life in anyway. You may affect your health and appearance, but not add years to your lifespan." 

As the pain in my head started to fade, I started to get a clearer image of what was going on. Though, I was still skeptical as hell. Despite having her appear out of nowhere in front of me. 

"This all sounds too good to be true."

"I can understand that reluctance, but I promise you it is all true." 

"Prove it." 

"Gladly. Make a wish."

I thought for a moment and went with the most ridiculous thing I could think of. 

"I wish you had a pair of functioning fairy wings." 

Her smile grew and she clapped her hands together once. As soon as she did, her hair started to move as a pair of wings slowly grew out from her back. After a few seconds, full-fledged butterfly wings flapped against her shoulders and creating a small breeze on my face. The detail on them were perfect, too, with the ridges and pattern matching that of a monarch butterfly. 

"Holly shit!" 

"I will admit this is a first for me," she said, looking back at her new wings. "No one else has ever wished for a pair of wings before."

Even distracted by the wings, I didn't miss what she said. "No one else?" 

"Oh yes," she said, looking back at me. "You are my seven hundred and fifth master since my creation." 

"That many?" 

"Yes. Every time the book is passed on, I become bound to a new master."

I felt a slight pang in my chest when I heard that. "Have you never had a chance to be free?"

Her smile faded slightly. "No, but please do not try and wish for my freedom. It has been tried in the past and all it ever does is unbind me to a master and have me wait till another binds me once more."

"Oh," I said softly. 

She leaned forward slightly, causing her wings to flap against her hair. "Do not feel bad, Master. I enjoy my existence, though. It brings me joy to grant wishes and create moments for my master to treasure." 

"Are you sure?" I asked slowly. 

"I am." 

I studied her face and could see no doubt in her expression. 

"Alright. Then I won't mess with that." 

"Thank you, Master," she said, leaning back again. 

"But, in return, I need you to do two things for me." 

"Yes?" 

"First, please don't call me Master. I would rather be your friend than Master." 

The smile returned to her face. "I understand. Though, I do not know your name."

"You can call me Ken." 

"Alright, Ken. And what is the second?"

"Please tell me if I do or wish for anything that makes you uncomfortable. Like I said, I want to be friends, even if you are bound to me. So, if anything bothers you, please tell me." 

She watched me for a moment before nodding in agreement. "Very well. That is also a first for me, but I am ok with that request." 

"Thank you," I said, smiling back. 

I watched as she turned her attention back to her wings. She flapped them back and forth, seeming happy to experience them for the first time. As I watched her, I couldn't help but admire her beauty. The silky look of her skin. The flowing nature of her hair. Even the wings found a way to add to her beauty. It was safe to say that beauty was effecting more than just my heart. 

She looked back to me and said, "This is a fun first wish. Usually, my first wish is sexual in nature." 

My heart skipped half a beat. "What?" 

"Well, my old masters would ask me to do something to them for their first wish. And, by how your body seems to be reacting, a similar thought crossed your mind." 

My heart skipped the rest of that beat and a whole second one as I moved to cover myself with my hands. "Sorry," I said while I felt my face redden. 

"Please do not be," she said with her gentle smile. "It is perfectly understandable. Would you like me to take care of that for you?"

"What?" I stammered. "No, no. Its ok." 

"Ken. I can see your embarrassed, but it is ok. I would be happy to. In fact, it is one of the things I enjoy doing." 

"Really?" 

"Yes. Remember that you asked me to be honest about anything I was uncomfortable with. After all my experiences with both the male and female body, I can say I enjoy every bit of it."

This was all new territory for me. Not just the magic and genie part, but the sexual part as well. I've never even gotten to first base with a girl, much less second, third, or home. But, today seemed to be the day a whole new world opened up to me and I didn't want to let any of it slip by. 

"Alright," I said, moving my hands away. "You can go ahead." 

With a smile, she moved forward on the bed toward me. As soon as she reached my waist, she placed her hands on my belt buckle. With a mix of swiftness and delicacy, she undid my belt followed by my pants button. As she lowered the zipper, she opened my pants to reveal my boxers underneath. Her hand was gentle as she reached through the slit and pulled out my cock. I could feel how smooth her skin actually was as it rubbed my skin slowly. Each stroke brought more blood flow downward and into my member. In a few motions, she had me fully erect in her hand. Unfortunately, there wasn't much there. I've always been self-couscous about my size and wished for a larger one many times. 

"Catrina," I said as the realization hit me.

"Yes," she said, never taking her eyes off my cock and her moving hand. 

"I wish I had a modest size dick. Not too big, not too small with the right amount of thickness." 

She nodded her head once. Instantly afterwards, I watched my cock grow more. Soon, I had another two inches to its length and a thickness that left her hand barely able to surround it. The sight of it made me grin ear to ear. It was finally a cock I could be proud of. 

"It was amazing both ways," Catrina said, looking up. "What would you like me to do?"

"Anything you want," I said, still admiring my new member. 

Her hand slowly started to pick up in pace. Up and down it moved, caressing and pulled at me in just the right way. I could feel every stroke not just through my cock but through my whole body. She moved her free hand towards my balls and started to rub them in unison with her other hand. Her fingers moved individually, hitting all the right points to make my body shiver with pleasure. The motions of both hands combined placed me squarely in heaven, making me lay back my head and simply enjoying the pleasure. 

As I relaxed and enjoyed her hands, I felt something change. Slowly, her hand on my dick was replaced by something warm and wet. I opened my eyes to see she had leaned over and taken me in her mouth. I watched as her head bobbed up and down on my lap, her face obscured by her long hair. Beneath the hair, I could feel her lips moving up and down on me. Her tongue slid along the underside with each stroke, keeping me just moist enough to move freely. 

Wanting more, I moved my hand up and pushed the hair out of the way, allowing me to see her face as she moved. If I thought she was beautiful before, watching her face as she bobbed up and down was even more stunning. Even with her mouth occupied, I could easily tell she was enjoying herself with her eyes closed and face relaxed. Even her wings showed how much she enjoyed herself, flapping slightly with every motion. 

It was too much. The sight of her head moving up and down with her face in pure joy on my cock sent me to the edge. 

"I'm going to cum," I said aloud. 

Her motions never stopped, though. In fact, she picked up her pace slightly. Her lips tightened slightly and her tongue moved on its own, working me over the edge. I felt pleasure rush through me as I erupted into her mouth. With each shot, pleasure washed over me like never before. It was infinitely better than any time by myself. She took each one too, her wings flapping slightly every time I hit the back of her throat. By the time I was done, I knew I had filed her mouth with my seed. 

Slowly, she pulled her mouth off my cock. Her lips were sealed as she sat up and looked at me with a big smile. Then, with a few gulps, it was gone, down into her stomach. 

"Thank you, Ken. I always enjoy that taste." 

"No," I replied, matching her smile. "Thank you. That was wonderful." 

"Trust me. That was only the beginning."