 Author's Note: I was on the fence about posting this epilogue, as I felt it was too much of a distraction from the main story. But, what the heck; I wrote it anyway, and I will hide no such things from my readers. Enjoy. 

Tor Casiama 

---- 

The party of six adventurers had reconvened at the Cathedral of Limena as promised, and were now situated around a table at an inn just off the main square of the town. Almost a week had passed since the night of Rayya's death, and the event still hung painfully in Talos' mind whenever he shut his eyes. 

But the drink helped. 

Talos contemplated whether the random gift of empathy is just asking for the person receiving to fall into madness and grief. No one should know the whole truth. Good people hide the truth from their friends all the time, with good intentions. Knowing everything would make you bitter, and fearful of events that would never come to pass. Or events that had already happened that you're better off not knowing. 

It was certainly not a coincidence that both Rayya and Alanna had lashed out, albiet differently, with jealousy and anger at words unspoken. Of course, Talos did not fail to register the connection between the two girls either, and the guilt tore at him each day when he thought of Rayya's actions. He found himself frequently wondering if there was not something he could have done differently to raise her better. He needed to learn from his mistakes, now more than ever. 

He figured not getting involved with another enchantress would be a good start. One was more than enough for the man, especially now that he was incapable of disabling that one's powers. 

Talos scanned the accidental party he was now a part of, all six of them deciding to band together for the final trek to Evorus regardless of Rayya's death. He wasn't entirely sure why each of them had agreed to stick around afterwards, the journey having no other reason than to sate Casiama's curiosity. But he had an idea. 

Talos, and by extension the other five, had found a fleeting purpose for themselves in attempting to halt Rayya's path of destruction. And, Talos assumed that the party had stuck together after the fact to look for their next greater purpose, a sense of doing something right with like-minded people. 

But there wasn't a greater purpose now. For now, it was a time of relaxation. A calm between storms. Talos finally decided to speak up, joining his companions in their revelry with a story. He was respectfully given the floor. 

"Years ago, the night I first met Rayya, I found her cornered in a cavern. She was trying to intimidate a pack of wolves with a stick. Naturally, I drove them off to rescue her. Later, by the fire, she had asked me so very innocently what had made the wolves so angry in the first place," Talos reminisced, smiling at the thought. 

"Rayya hadn't realized that she was trying to scare them off with a skewer of meat. In the wolf's den. The poor child," he laughed, his party joining him. 

"She sure was a crazy bitch, wasn't she cap'n?" Markus spoke up crudely. Sigismund punched his arm and gave Markus a stern look, a look which took Talos back to the good old days for just the moment. 

"Show some respect to the dead, huh?" Sigismund ordered, Casiama smiling and nodding at the grizzled veteran as he spoke. 

Talos raised his mug, proposing a toast. "To the fallen. And to the crazy bitch," he declared, taking a chug of his ale as everyone cheered and drank with him, laughing as they put their mugs down. 

No sense in looking behind you on a night like this, Talos thought. The group drank and laughed for several hours, and Casiama's head started to sway to a bard's lively music. Talos grinned, recalling the night in Vitvarg. 

"So, Vexima. What else is in that bag of yours?" Silvia spoke up, shooting a raised eyebrow to the brown-haired sorceress. Vex thought of lying or declining for a brief moment, before realizing that she had nothing to be embarassed about with this group of misfit adventurers. 

"Well... okay. Everyone, prepare to be amazed by the products of a master infuser!" All eyes were on her as she fished a sky-blue gem from her pack. 

"This is what I call a Daystone. It will illuminate any darkness as if it were the brightest torch," she explained as she pushed a bit of magic into the stone, their corner of the hall lighting up with a dim, blue glow. 

"Boo!" Markus exclaimed to the boring exposition. 

"I think our expectations are a bit higher Vex," Talos smirked. 

"Fine! That's... fine!" She reached back into her pack, bringing a deep-red rose to the light. 

"This here is a Summoning Rose. A petal will wither when it's invoked, and an imp will be called from another plane to fight for you," Vex grinned, figuring this a much more interesting invention. 

"Is it, um... at least a cute imp?" Silvia asked, clearly feeling the drink. They all were at this point. 

"How do you think I got it to agree to the contract?" Vex winked at her. Casiama blushed at the sorceress's words. 

"Oh damnit Vex, even an imp?" Markus chuckled. Vex placed the rose back in her pack, rummaged around before raising a small rock with an orange letter of the Isbryggans on it's face. 

"And this is a Fire Rune. Once it's invoked, you have merely four seconds before it creates a flame around itself." 

"Like a flintstone, Vex?" Sigismund responded inquisitively with a hand on his chin. 

"No, Sigi," she sighed, "Bigger fires!" 

Talos laughed with Sigismund, deciding to join in to chide her again. 

"I don't know Vex, I remember you having much more interesting items in your old shop in Catriona. What ever happened to that-" 

Vex held up a purple, apple-sized stone, Talos' words abruptly halting at the sight of it. 

"This, Talos?" She winked at him as he remembered the stone. 

"What's that one do?" Casiama asked inquisitively, wanting to share in their memory. 

"That one, Cass, is a... lust bomb, I believe?" 

"Lust Grenade," Vex corrected him. 

"Right, right. Lust Grenade. Basically, any one who inhales it's smoke when it's set off gets unsatiably horny, like an animal in heat or rut. The mythical four-hour erection, as it were," Talos explained with a smirk. Casiama's eyes were wide as saucers, a smile forming on her face. 

"Does it work?" Markus asked, clearly interested as well. 

"Oh yeah," Talos replied curtly. 

A silence fell over the party. Eyes were dancing between members at the table and the purple stone, lewd grins forming on faces. Talos chugged his ale down a moment after realizing what could possibly transpire, if he so willed it. 

He decided he could use a distraction. "So. Where do we use it?" 

"In a room upstairs?" Silvia said. 

"No, too much collateral," Vex responded. 

"Outside somewhere?" Markus offered. 

"And fuck in the dirt?" Vex asked incredulously, denying the plan. 

"We could uh, always save it for later..." Sigismund responded nervously. 

"I got an idea!" Casiama exclaimed with a smile, a finger pointing towards the sky. She explained her personal plane to the group, offering assurances they'd be perfectly safe and that no one would ever find them there. 

"I don't know, guys, I'm getting too old for teleportation..." Sigismund replied with worry, Casiama gripping his shoulder with a light squeeze and a sweet smile. 

"What are ya, lieutenant? A chicken?" Markus asked boorishly, flapping his arms like a bird. 

"Bawk bawk!" Silvia clucked then giggled. 

"Alright, alright," Sigismund conceded, chugging his ale. "I wouldn't have to take this abuse back in the Blood Moons, Talos," he whined gruffly after he finished his drink, pointing at the man. Talos shrugged with a smirk as he rose to his feet with his friends. 

The party paid their tab, then promptly and hastily ran upstairs to Talos' and Casiama's room. Casiama opened her arms as wide as she could around the group before her, closed her eyes and took them on a journey to Tor Casiama in a blinding flash of light. 

The party opened their eyes not a second later on top of a massive, plush bed high in Casiama's castle, surrounded by massive windows revealing a view of the cloudless pink sky. Everyone had, somehow, lost their clothing in the journey to Casiama's realm. The elf brought a hand to her mouth and giggled mischeviously. 

"Not very subtle, are you Cass?" Talos smirked at her, his member already growing to the sight of her toned body. 

"Honey, we have a... Lust Grenade!" she spat out before laughing harder. 

Vex held the stone up, her other arm rising subconsciously to conceal her naked breasts. 

"Alright, everyone gather around. On three, you breathe as deep as you can and hold your breath for ten seconds." 

"One... twoooo... three!" Purple gas erupted from the glowing rock, shrouding the group in its magic. 

-- 

Casiama held her eyes shut, holding her breath. 

"Two... one..." and deeply exhaled. She felt a rush, a burning sensation flow down her throat as if it were the thickest liquid, straight to her lungs. After one terrifying moment, the sensation transformed into a gentle, tingling feeling that permeated her whole being. She opened and closed her hands, feeling just a bit disconnected from the appendages as they caressed the pricks of a thousand roses. She curled her toes, feeling as if she were standing on a dozen sandy beaches all at once. She took a deep breath, leaving her inner voice behind. Another, losing her shame. In and out. 

Then, suddenly, every one of those feelings converged on her pulsing heart and held there for two, long beats. The sensation dripped down her tummy, as if water on leaf, landing onto her cherry as a burning, growing desire. She felt her juicy folds pulsing, her clit throbbing as her entire essence became nothing more than finding pleasure for that one small part of her. 

Casiama gasped with need and opened her eyes, panting for air that would never satisfy her. Talos fell on her then, his eyes distant and non-communicative. She needed to tell him that -- ooooh! 

She sighed like the sluttiest tavern whore, moaned to the heavens as he pierced her being, fucking her morality from her soul. 

"Fuck meee -- uhn! Fuck mee!" she cried. If Casiama were thinking any clearer, she would have been embarassed. As would had Vex and Silvia, their mouths offering the lewdest utterings of pleasure in some far-off realm. 

"Ahhh! Talos!" she begged, pleading for more as she felt every vein on his shaft pulsing deep inside her core. 

"Faster!" she yelped, the man that had been her lover thirty seconds ago pounding into her as if she were merely his cocksleeve. Casiama didn't especially mind that as she lowered her fingers to her clit and rubbed it with reckless abandon. She cried with carnal lust as he slid over her deep spot, moaned with desire as he slammed into her cervix. 

"I'm cumming!" she shrieked with pure carnality as she felt an eruption deep within her soul. The high that normally disappated soon after decided not to leave as Talos pounded her faster, and it became Casiama's new normal. 

Talos slowed then, pushing himself to the hilt inside her slippery cunt as his cock pulsed faster, releasing a torrent into her. She moaned lustfully as she discovered again that her pussy had a deep, natural thirst for seed, and gripped the man's arms as she screamed. 

"Yes! Fill me Talos!" 

She felt a deep longing to be stuffed again as he exited her, spooge pouring from her slit. She opened her eyes only to be speared again, the man before her already prepared for another round. The omnipresent, hungry part of her was glad that they were on the same page, and bounced back against his thrusts as flesh slapped against flesh. Casiama was on her sixth or thousandth wave of orgasm when he finally pulled from her, her pussy a leaking, sodden cave of hot desire filled to the brim. 

Whimpering in need, Casiama used every ounce of strength to open her eyes and lift herself to her knees, finding her hands falling towards the bed when she involuntarily discovered her knees couldn't support her. 

Before her lay a cute red-haired woman, reclining while she played with her own damp pussy with her fingers. Casiama crawled towards the sight, realizing her sudden lustful attraction for the woman, and dropped her face to her slit. 

Casiama found her other end had a thirst for seed, too, as she licked and sucked every drop from the woman, lips to lips. 

"Oh, Cass!" the woman moaned sensually, holding Casiama's hair as the elf ate her out. 

Silvia! That's her name! 

She extended her tongue, reaching as far as she could before realizing it would never be enough. She tried again, licking Silvia's deep walls as she thrusted with her thirsty appendage. Again? Nope. Maybe this time... 

She felt Silvia trembling, shaking as she yelped. Casiama instincitvely knew the woman was near orgasm, and lifted her face from her sopping pussy so she could replace tongue with fingers, instead resting her mouth on Silvia's clit. Casiama hummed as she licked, unfolded as she thrust. 

"Cass! Ahhh!" There it is! Casiama felt some pride knowing she did that all on simple instinct, swirling her tongue over the nub as Silvia rode the elf's face to another climax. Casiama knew the crescendo would never truly end for Silvia and continued to dutifully work her tireless cunt, before realizing her own needs weren't being met. She reached a hand down her sweating form, finding her own button. 

Casiama moaned onto Silvia's crotch until the elf had forgotten all about her, lost in her own carnal pleasures as her knees quivered on the bed. She opened her eyes, now in some faraway future. She spied Vex in an interesting position, her wet body lewdly slipping between Markus' and Sigismund's hips. She noticed Markus had his cock deep in her throat, Sigismund's in her pussy and thought that it must feel amazing, noting to try it later before her eyes shut once more as her fingers drove her to another countless climax. 

Another eternity later, Casiama felt rough hands grip her hips from behind. She moaned, pleased that Talos had finally returned to enter her as she lifted and wiggled her ass in lustful show. She felt him enter her again, just the head at first, filling her with maddening slowness. She found herself pushing back with impatient excitement. 

"Ohh!" she moaned. 

"Slow down, will you?" she heard Talos say behind her as he began to thrust in and out of her. 

"Just fuck me!" she cried, clenching her eyes shut. She grinding her ass against him, guiding him deeper into her gushing cunt. The elf endlessly moaned like the slut she always could be before another cock snuck in between her parted lips, Casiama feeling exceptionally desirable at the realization that another man wanted to use her. 

She felt no need to open her eyes then, not particularly caring at the moment who was using her other end. She hummed on it, unsure of exactly what to do before realizing that suction would be key to pleasing the faceless cock. She lapped the underside of the shaft as it began to thrust in and out of her thirsty mouth, slowly but coercively. She sucked on it for all she was worth between moans as she was ruthlessly trapped between the two throbbing pillars. 

Someones hand had located her clit as Talos tore into her from behind, forcing another climax from the helpless elf. Casiama moaned once more onto the nameless cock in her mouth before twin eruptions seared into her from both directions, filling her completely as she collapsed onto the bed. 

Hours after the Lust Grenade had been invoked, Casiama was snoozing on her back as her fingers still lazily swirled over her destroyed cunt. She smiled as she found seed still oozing from her reddened slit in an endless stream, confident that the product of her man satisfied found an eager home within Tor Casiama. 

======== 

Author's Note: This orgy brings an end to the short story of "Elan". Hopefully it wasn't too ridiculous. I truly appreciate everyone who's read this far! We're 32 stories in now, with only another 11 to wrap up Talos' personal arc. 

Talos will return in Part 4, "Freedom".