 To say that I'm a loser would be an understatement. I have a crappy desk job, my boss is a total dick, my apartment is lonely, and my car just broke down. My name is Norman, Norman Rodregez. Most people call me Norm, if they decide to address me at all. Anyway enough about how much my life bites. 

It's Friday night and I was headed home from work when my car breaks down. So here I am at the side of the road in the middle of nowhere bored on top of everything else. I can handle my life being shit but god damn do I hate being bored. I was just about to get back in my car to sleep when I hear a voice behind me.

"Hello!" It was a woman's voice, only oddly high pitched.

I turn to see who it is but no one is there, until I look down. Standing before me is a tiny woman. She was strange-looking to say the least, with silver hair, dark tan skin, and at only 3 feet tall she was built like a porn star. She was dressed like one two, with a white t-shirt and now bra under it, shorts that probably barely cover her ass, and knee high boots she looked sexy.

"Um... Who or what the fuck are you?" I ask, dumbstruck.

The girl giggles and holds her hands behind her back, pushing her over-sized bust up. Now that I look at her closer her ears were pointed and her eyes were gold.

"Isn't it obvious? I'm an Elf. Specifically a Night-Elf. My name is Elegy and I am here to serve you for the rest of your life." She says with a brilliant smile. 

"An Elf... And you want to serve me?" I say slowly, trying to process this shit.

Elegy nods and takes a step closer, her amazing breasts pressing against my stomach. Our eyes meet and I can't help but get lost. 

"Yes, I want to be yours for the rest of your life... Master." She whispered the word master.

The logical side of my brain tells me this is obviously some kind of trick or something but I ignore it since the adorably sexy elf girl in front of me is now rubbing my dick through my pants. Now I'm about 5' 9" tall, pretty lean build save for a slight gut that won't go away. Elegy is right at 3' even with a body to die for. Long story short I'm hard as fucking steel.

Elegy gasps once she gets my pants open and my cock out. I'm not exactly huge or anything, just 7 inches long and thick enough that her small hand can't wrap around it. She kneels down, looking up at me as she starts to lick my cock all over, even going as far as to lick and suck my nut sack. I groan at how good it feels, her hot tongue running all over my cock.

Eventually Elegy moves back and pulls her top off, letting those amazing caramel colored tits bounce free. She has the cutest nipples, like tiny Hershey kisses capping those tits that look downright huge on her small frame. I take my shirt off, revealing my slight gut. I blush when she runs her hands over my chest and stomach.

"Wow... Um, this is embarrassing but what's your name Master? I-I'd like to know if that's okay?" She asked quietly.

"It's Dan." I say before picking her up. 

She squeals, an adorable sound, and I open the back seat of my car to lay her down and undress her the rest of the way. Her shorts came off like nothing and she wasn't even wearing panties! I couldn't hold back, even though I wanted to taste that sweet little pussy I had to push my hard cock inside her. 

I grunt as I push against her entrance, growling even as I slowly but easily sink inside her. Her pussy felt like a wet velvet vice as I push in and out, going deeper inside with each inward thrust. Elegy never stops moaning, though it sounded more and more like screaming as I pushed deeper. I only stop when every inch of my cock is buried inside her.

"Oh fuck!!! M-Master, your huge Human cock is buried inside my slutty Elven pussy! M-My first human cock and it's even bigger then Mommy said it would be! P-Please Master, fuck me. Don't you hold back either, I can take anything you give me! FUCK ME PLEASE!!!" 

How could I say no? I smirked as he pulled back all the way until only the head remained before ramming hard back in and beginning to pump my hips back and forth. This of course released the floodgates on Elegy, her pussy was cumming with each thrust. I can tell she's loving this, her eyes are rolled back and her tongue is lolling out of her mouth. 

I fuck her hard and deep, mauling her huge tits. I feel powerful, like a monster ravishing a fair damsel. Elegy screams and gasps as I fuck her, proclaiming my absolute perfection or some shit. I tune it out, just focusing on her pussy milking my cock like a machine. I get bored of missionary and pull out to flip her over, pushing back inside her pussy while she's on her belly.

From here I can see her perfectly round ass ripple with each thrust as I rail into her pussy from behind. Elegy is out of it at this point, mumbling and groaning as though her mind blew a fuse. Eventually I feel the inevitable approach, my balls start to go tight and I can feel the cum churning in my nuts.

I Pull Elegy up and lean back, letting her own weight pull her down on my fuck-stick. This manages to draw one weak but loud moan out of her as her ass bumps my crotch and I hold her down as I groan in orgasmic bliss. I can feel my cum shoot into Elegy in hot and thick ropes of sticky goo, making Elegy's flat tummy swell from the sheer volume. I cum a lot, sue me.

As I watch with morbid satisfaction the stomach of a three foot tall elf slut get filled with my cum I notice a green triangle shape glowing on Elegy's stomach. I nudge her and point it out.

"The fuck is this?" 

"O-Oh!" She says weakly. "That's the symbol that signifies the contract between us. I'm not officially your slave until you die, or you reveal me to a human woman." 

I trace it gently, enticing a giggle from my cute little slave.

"Alright, won't ask why I can't show you to women and I don't care. I'm guessing your people like human dick, right?" I ask.

"Yup, Elf women can't get enough of big human cocks stuffing our tiny little pussies. But we can't breed with humans, so we have to take Elf husbands, but elf guys suck! Their dicks are tiny and they pass out after cumming." She pouts.

I chuckle and slowly pull Elegy off my cock so I can get dressed, but facepalm when I realize my jizz is now leaking onto the backseat. My little elf just giggles and snaps her fingers. Somehow all the cum leaking out of her travels up instead of down and into a big ball in front of her. Next she opens her mouth and the cum shoots into her mouth, Elegy gulping it down like her favorite milkshake.

"Wow... So you can do magic?" I ask like a moron.

"Hehe, of course silly. I was actually about to fix the car so we can go home, is that okay?" She asks with that dazzling smile.

I nod and finish getting dressed as Elegy uses a series of spells and incantations I'm too confused to follow and suddenly my car roars to life! I hop in the driver's seat and look over at Elegy as she climbs into the passenger seat, still naked save for her killer goth boots. 

I smirk as I hit the road again. The car hasn't run this good in years! I'm amazed at how handy Elegy is already. On the way home I decide to ask a few questions.

"So tell me Elegy, what's it like where your from?" 

"Well, aside from limp-dick elf guys it's pretty sweet. Since the Dark Elves, an offshoot of the High Elven race, were reintegrated into society things have never been better in our world. In fact I myself am a result of that, Night Elves are halfbreeds of Dark and High Elves. 

"My Mother is actually one of the first Dark Elves to be tamed, by a human of course, and my father is her best friend's husband. I know that sounds strange but Dark Elves tend to enter into a sort of 'pet' role even in normal elven society. I accept that, and my half-sister is my best friend. You'd like her, she's shy and timid but a monster in bed!" She smirks.

"You and your sister experimented I guess?" I ask, keeping my eyes on the road. I was very aware however of Elegy's little hand on my thigh now.

"Yeah, it started out innocently enough. Practice kissing lead to touching, then to oral, and then to playing to Mommy's strap on!" She moaned as her hand started fondling my cock through my jeans.

"You little slut! Wait... How old are you anyway?" I ask, cocking an eyebrow.

"I'm 22, but elves stop aging at about 18 so even 1000 years from now I'll still be sexy as fuck!" She grins.

I nod as I drive, but I still had another ten minutes before I got home and Elegy was making me hard again. I decide to pull over and undo my pants, pulling my prick out and looking at a mischievous Elegy. 

"Alright Slut, you got me hard now you gotta fix it." I say sternly. 

Elegy nods and climbs onto my lap, pushing my cock inside her tight little elven twat with loud grunts and moans until her booty met my waist. I start back up driving and relax as Elegy's inner vaginal muscles do all the work. 

"Mmmff... Fuck you're bigger then the Strap on... DAMN!" She moans.

I grin and pat her head as we head home, every so often though I hit a bump and Elegy would have an orgasm. She keeps looking up at me and grins as we make our way to her new home. I can tell she's enjoying my idea of punishment since we're both in no hurry to get too messy. 

I finally arrive at my shitty apartment and pull Elegy off my cock, tucking it into my pants. She's naturally pissed.

"Hey, you didn't cum in me Master! What gives?" She wines.

"Come on, we can fuck like bunnies inside." I say as I open the car door. 

Elegy's chunky boots make a sort of clunking sound as we walk to my apartment. After I unlock the door we head inside and I start undressing as I head to my bedroom. My apartment isn't very furnished or decorated, just a couch, a tv, a coffee table, some barstools at the counter, the kitchen too small for 2 people, and a bedroom big enough for my bed and dresser. 

"Huh... It's perfect. I picked the right guy." Elegy mused.

"Well like you said, you're mine till I die, and I've got plenty to live for now" I say with a genuine smile. 

Elegy looks at me and smirks as she saunters over to me, swaying her hips as she move to the bedroom. I check out her perfect ass as she climbs onto the bed and shakes it at me. I walk into the bedroom, naked as the day I was born and hard as a rock. 

"Come on Master, you still have to fuck my asshole..." She says with a sultry tone.

Life is good. Life is VERY good. 

To be continued...