 Hello Lit Readers! I realize that I hadn't posted in forever, and I apologize for it immensely, however college and all that takes most of my free time and writing does take a certain amount of enthusiasm and time to come up with ideas and actually write it all down. Anyhow I thought to write this series and really enjoyed the theme that I have planned for this one. I cannot guarantee that it will be updated any time soon; however I do plan on making this story more action packed. This first part is mostly a teaser and to see the feedback should I continue this series. Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I had in the creation. 

*

Heat...the tongues of flames licked my skin over and over. Scorching all around my body, strangling the very air I tried so desperately to breathe in. Endless fields of fire blanketed my vision; nothing else could be seen or felt. Terrified I closed my eyes, only to realize that the shielding of my eyelids did little to diminish the intensity of the inferno that surrounded me. My body by now had long run out of sweat to keep me any bit cooler and I screamed out in both terror and frustration. Shakes began to tremble through my frame, stronger and stronger they became till...

"Rias! Rias wake up!" Rising up quickly, frantically patting down my body only to realize that I was in my own bed, just covered in sweat.

"That dream again?" I just nodded. "It has been a while since you have had that dream, and even on your 19th birthday."

Sighing, the frantic feelings from the dream quickly dissipated. "Thank you Auntie, I'll be down soon."

As my Aunt checked over my condition once more, she patted my head lightly and headed downstairs. "I'll make blueberry pancakes, hopefully it will help. Just make sure you dress nicely today, were going out for dinner tonight."

Wearily I stood up from my bead, grabbing a new set of cloths as I headed to the bathroom. Looking into the mirror, I wiped the sweat that had plastered my hair to my forehead. Sighing quietly, I hopped into the shower as my mind drifted back to that day 14 years ago.

Having only just turned five, I was returning home after playing with my friend Luna. However when I began to get close to my home, the sounds of sirens began to get louder and louder. A large plume of black smoke rose high in the sky, fear began to set into my young bones at what these signs meant. Running towards home, the sirens blaring louder than my own heartbeat, I came upon the sight of a still burning house in which I called home. As I neared the lawn of the house I saw my parents rushed out of the house, I could barely see them through all the chaos and tears flowing through my eyes. Rushing towards their side I prayed for their safety, only to be stopped by a fireman before I got too close. Neighbors had notified my aunt and uncle that lived not too far away.

A few hours later, I heard my Aunt and Uncle get the news of my parents passing, the injuries that they had sustained from the fire took too much of a toll. For weeks I fell into depression, my whole life changed and I was suddenly without any parents. It was only thanks to Luna, my Aunt and Uncle that were there for me every step of the way. Luna almost never left my side, proclaiming mightily that she would forever protect and never leave my side. I found the love of those closest to me bring me out of lowest time, and was blessed to have them.

Now 19 years old, I had hoped that those memories would have faded. Realizing that I had spent a little too long in the shower, I quickly dried off and changed. Rushing downstairs I smiled at the dining room table full of breakfast items, from my blueberry pancakes to crispy baked bacon. With gusto I tore into the food, surprising my Auntie and Uncle but they didn't bring up the issue of this morning.

After breakfast, I helped clean up the dishes and table alongside my Uncle, looking forward to the day ahead.

Wiping off the suds from his hands, my Uncle asked. "So, are you going out to celebrate with Luna today?"

Almost dropping the plate I had been drying, I almost forgot that Luna and I were going out to celebrate. "I almost forgot! It should be a lot of fun, were planning on hitting the park today, relaxing and all."

Patting my back roughly, my Uncle just smiled. "Just don't do anything that I wouldn't. " Hugging him back, I just laughed. "Knowing you, there isn't much that you wouldn't do."

Grabbing my keys, wallet and phone I kissed my Auntie and Uncle good bye as I headed out the door. Jumping into the family van, I drove towards Luna's house.

The drive there was fairly boring as many people were not up at this hour on a Saturday, in a couple minutes I pulled up to Luna's front yard. Almost as soon as I pulled up, Luna rushed outside, waving to her parents and got into the passenger seat. 

Immediately she hugged me tightly "Happy Birthday Rias! You ready to go to the park?"

Hugging back, I gave thanks "Of course Luna! I'm so ready for some major relaxing at your expense. Did you bring the basket?"

Luna just hit me lightly "Of course I did silly, what kind of friend would I be if I forgot our picnic lunch on today of all days."

"That would be my friend of course." I laughed even when she hit me harder, and kept driving to the park.

We arrived at the park in about ten minutes, getting out I went over to the passenger side door and opened it, giving my hand out Luna took it blushing. "Oooo what a gentleman!"

I just bowed slightly "But of course my lady, one such as beautiful as you I would love to take care of."

With her hand still in my grasp we walked towards our secret section of the park. After good ten or fifteen minutes we arrived in the small thicket of trees that opened up near a section of the lake. Occasionally we saw one or two people that also came to this place, it was now all ours today.

Lying down on the slightly dewy grass, I breathed out a sigh of relief, immensely enjoying the calm atmosphere. Looking around I see Luna setting out the blanket and picnic, then sitting down on the area as to not get her dress wet.

Luna was incredibly beautiful; she was dressed in a light blue dress that flowed down to right above her knees. Being only a couple inches shorter than I, she still had an amazing figure and was never ashamed to best compliment her features. Her midnight black hair hung over her shoulders, a lock here or there out of place but looked so beautiful none the less.

Shifting my eyes back to the sky before Luna caught me looking, my mind drifted back to this morning. The dream was so intense...so lifelike that I couldn't really tell that it had been just a dream. Looking back I was surprised to realize that the fire had never actually caused me any harm, shaking the thoughts from my head I looked back towards the lake.

"Hey...Luna?" Looking my way she just hmmm her response. "I had that dream again this morning." Putting down the basket she scooted over to my side. "Would you like to talk about it?" Seeing me nod my head no she firmly spoke "Well that's fine then, but just to let you know; I will always be here by your side no matter what."

Comforted by her words, I smiled and looked back over the serene lake water. Despite everything, I still felt in the back of my mind that something was different about that dream, something that might again change my life as I knew it. However I would soon find out how right that feeling was as a small flame appeared almost out of thin air behind the pair, hidden within the dense forest that sat in watch of the two.