 Halloween Night page 1

The first time I came across HER, was in the elevator at my apartment building. I got in on the bottom floor, and she, the only other passenger, got on the 3rd floor, and she was going all the way to the penthouse. I was only going to the 15th floor, but that long slow journey, it seemed to me, was filled with pleasure and things I could not understand at the time. 

When She got on, she looked directly into my eyes and her nostrils flared and it seemed she was sniffing the air. I said I had Chinese food recently and I apologized if I had an odor. She said I smelled very well, as she ran her tongue across her lower lip. I was transfixed on her, and I remember taking a step toward her, and all seemed like a dream from then on. She slowly opened her blouse, to reveal a wonderful set of breasts, which seemed to be begging me to reach out and fondle them. I was staring at her breasts so intently, nothing else mattered in the world. I could not help myself. 

It was like I was in a dream. I reached out to touch them, then the dream ended. For an instant as I blinked my eyes, I looked up quickly, and I thought I saw blood around her lips dripping downward, then it was gone, and we were at the top floor, the door opened. I shook my head back and forth to wake up, from what I thought was a dream, and she turned to me as she exited and said, "Nice to meet you, we will see each other again, I am sure!" And she walked out of the elevator. I pressed my 15th floor button and went to my apartment, actually still in a daze. 

Still in a daze, not really knowing what went on in the elevator, I came to my apartment door, turned the key, walked inside, and went to my bed. I flopped down onto the bed, emotionally and physically drained, and I was not sure why. After laying there for a few minutes, I slowly raised up and staggered into the bathroom and looked at my face. Other than blood shot eyes, I appeared normal. But on closer examination, turning my neck, I noticed what appeared to be two small wounds about 2 inches apart on the right side of my neck.

There was a little blood, but I had no clue what had happened or when, unless when I was in the elevator, I must of passed out slightly and fell against the side, where maybe a couple of screws were sticking out. They were not bleeding, but they did concern me, just the same, so without giving it a thought, I got a facecloth, some hydrogen peroxide, poured some on the rag and washed my neck area. It felt better to do that, but I was so sleepy, I laid the cloth down and walked back to my bed. Removed my clothes and placed them on the chair, and looked at myself totally naked in the mirror.

I flopped down on the bed, so tired, I think I drifted right off to sleep. Images and thoughts were rolling thru my dreams like boulders crashing downhill. Each one hitting a tree with a huge sound, only to keep rolling onward it seemed forever. 

Then I found myself in a darkened room, laying on my bed with only a candle light flickering on the table next to the bed. Slowly the bedroom door opened in my dream, and in walked, or glided the amazing female from the elevator. She came to my bed and stood in next to the bed looking down at my naked body. She was staring at me with her large beautiful eyes, that seemed to scream she wanted me, and I turned over onto my back, as she went to the bottom of the bed and basically crawled on. Crawling toward me with her large eyes, and what I noticed was her open mouth, with two teeth like fangs. She ripped off all of her clothes, and came toward me.

I could not help myself, but I rolled toward her, and planted my mouth onto her left breast, sucking eagerly as my cock was getting harder and harder. Her fingers dug into my back, but I did not feel any pain, just the pressure of her nail digging at me and yes it felt so good. I continue sucking on her breast, as she grabbed my hard cock and shoved it between her legs. I shoved myself into her, as deep as I could go, my balls touching her skin, as she lowered her head to my lips, and we kissed, then she slid her mouth downward on my neck and I felt a sharp piercing into my flesh. We were connected on one end with my hard cock shoving into her, and she had her teeth in my neck on the other end. Faster and faster I pounded her, my depth of excitement knowing no bounds it seemed, as my soul soared thru the heavens into eternity, thru the stars, and back into my body, just I as I exploded in a huge passion filled orgasm sending my seed into her.

As I was collapsing onto her, she continued sucking on my neck, and I felt as I was swinging between the moon and the earth back and forth, as she had her arms wrapped around me and her tits pressed to my chest. She raised her head after what seemed like hours of being in her embrace, and she looked at me.

Her face was covered in my blood, but I did not care, I felt as if my life was ebbing away bit by bit. I could hardly keep my eyes open...and I drifted off to sleep, in my dream.

The next morning, when I woke up from the dream, I was exhausted and it seemed like my energy had been drained from me. I got up and walked into the bathroom and looked at my neck again. The nicks that I thought were nicks, were now very prevalent and I wondered out loud what the hell. I noticed the sun shining thru the living room window, and I walked to the window and shut the blinds as it was so bright to me. I sat down in the darkness thinking. And I am thinking, that last night might not have been a dream at all..