 "My love. My love." Marico heaved and groaned over her, panting like a pig. "You like that, don't you, wife? Tell me you like it." 

Laura didn't like it, but that didn't stop her from rubbing her breasts against Marico's chest and wrapping her ankles tightly around his hips, hoping to feel his penetration as deeply as possible. Marico's head dropped for a kiss, and Laura's tongue dueled frantically with his, knowing the whole time that she would not reach her goal but unable to stop herself from trying. Her hips thrust against him, again and again, while her whispered words egged him on. "Harder, Marico, faster, don't stop, don't stop, please don't stop." 

He laughed. "You're such an eager bitch. That's it, Laura, that's right." Marico's meaty arm wrapped low around Laura's hips, holding her body up for a series of final, deep thrusts before Marico groaned into her mouth while he spewed inside her body. 

Afterward, Laura lay on her side, gripping the sheets tightly with one hand, chewing on her own fist with the other. She felt worse than before they had started, but she knew that Marico was not to blame. She tried to hide her distress from him, not wanting him to try to ease her, which he couldn't hope to do.

Laura knew she had a yearning, craving, wanting look on her face at all times. She had seen her family's relief when she married. They had tried for years to see her satisfied, offering luxurious foods and wines and clothes when they could find these things, hoping they would satiate the wild look in her eyes. But none of these things helped Laura.

"Try this," her husband often begged her, pressing some luxury or other to her lips. Earlier today, it had been a savory peach liquor. "Surely it will tempt you." He had watched closely, hoping she would be roused enough to want more of it. 

Laura had sipped at the wine two or three times, knowing it would please her husband, although she could hardly remember why this should matter. The yearning in her body was a physical thing, sucking away at her, leaving nothing for this world.

People often tried to tempt her with food or drink or pretty things. Anything they thought might satisfy the longing they glimpsed in her eyes. The desire in her eyes drew men to her, who couldn't resist the challenge of trying to satisfy her. But she looked through them, needing something beyond this world.

Laura suspected that her husband had been drawn to the hunger in her, hoping she would learn to hunger just as intensely for him. But he quickly learned that he couldn't satisfy her, though that didn't stop him from trying. She would do whatever he asked, and never tire, but she was never content. 

"She's elf – mooning," people whispered when she walked by. They were right. The last time the world held any color for her was when she was a small child and she had chosen to walk into a world not meant for humans. 

When she was young, she had met an older boy, who had coaxed her into leaving the safety of her world. She remembered it vividly.

"You're a pretty child," he had told her. He had strange ears and he had smiled at her, ideas she didn't begin to understand dancing behind his eyes. "How many winters have you lived through?"

"Eight," she had replied, eyes large from his slightly sharpened teeth and the ring of yellow where there should have been white in his eyes. 

"A big girl, then!" he said, with nothing in his face or voice to betray the deep mockery laughing out at her from his eyes. "Come with me," said the Elven boy (for she had recognized what he was from almost the beginning.) "My name is Olan, and I wish to show you a pretty little garden with plump fruits for a child to delight in."

Laura had heard of Elven foods and treasures. Once experienced, a person would long for them all the days of her life, until she withered away from yearning. Laura had not hesitated. She nodded and put her hand in the boy's, her heart pounding in anticipation. He squeezed his fingers around hers and escorted her into a glade she had visited many times, since it lay not far from her home. The barefoot boy led her forward to where the water from a small creek splashed against the rocks in a miniature waterfall. She sat silently while he stopped by the rushing water and kneeling, removed her shoes one by one. He placed her shoes by the water, and taking her hand, the two of them stepped into the water. 

It looked as if it were only a few inches deep. Laura had waded in this very spot many times. This time, the water sucked the two of them under, so that Laura could not breathe. When they emerged from it, they were in a different world. 

That was many years ago. Laura tried not to dwell on the experience, hoping that time would dull her longing to return to that world. She grew into a frail woman, so wan that her parents worried she would die of her heartsickness. She didn't. That was her one victory over the Elf. 

It was several months after her marriage that Laura began to dream of the Elf more intensely than she had in years. He was furious with her, because she had wed and suffered the touch of a man's hands upon her body while he was away. She told herself that these were dreams, and that she would not see Olan again in her lifetime. 

Marico might have been a good husband; Laura had known no other to compare him to. She didn't know very much about him, even several months into their marriage, for he was often silent and rarely spent time at home in any case. He was well respected by his peers, however, which Laura took to be a good sign. 

Marico did not know of her dreams. Nor could he know that she closed her eyes and imagined pale skin and sharp teeth while he worked upon her body at night. He could not know that she dreamed of yellow eyes when he parted her legs, and that her imagination was so vivid that disappointment swamped her each time her breath slowed and she opened her eyes to see his plain face, brown hair and eyes, above her. 

Sometimes she wondered if Olan had been a figment of her imagination. She had not seen him for many years, and it was easy to doubt the fantastic memories of her childhood. But the dreams kept coming to her, and they frightened her. Olan's eyes glowed as he strode purposefully toward her, across bridges and over mountains and through a lake, all without pausing. He strode toward her, and his eyes promised retribution for every moment of her life that she had spent thinking of anyone or anything other than him.

These were dreams. Laura's yearning, vivid dreams had begun in her childhood, and she accepted that she would have them all of her life. Laura decided that the recent spate of dreams had been brought on by the change in her life, and that they would fade as she adjusted to her new situation.

"Marico," she rolled over, nudging at his shoulder to wake him from his light doze. "We must not be late for supper. What would your mother say?"

"She'll know why we're late." He sounded complacent. 

"That's what I'm afraid of," Laura replied, exasperated. 

"It should make her happy. She would love to have a grandchild."

"Get up, Marico, and send my maid. It will take me a few minutes to get dressed." Sighing, he rolled from the bed and dressed quickly, stopping to rub her bare ass before going out the door. 

A little while later, Laura clasped her good ornaments around her neck and wrists and touched a bit of scent to the hollow in her throat before heading downstairs to dinner. Her mother in law, Suzette, gave her a disapproving look when Laura finally appeared in the drawing room. Laura kept her face still and resolute as she greeted the other woman coolly. She was embarrassed to realize they had a guest for dinner. 

Seth, a neighboring farmer, was an older man who lived alone. He preferred to eat with Marico and his family, and to have a prepared meal, a warm fire, and good conversation waiting for him at the end of the day. Since Laura had come to the house, Seth had another reason for wanting to eat with Marico's family. As usual, he made no secret of his admiration of Laura's pretty face and trim figure. 

"You must let me compliment the hostess," Seth insisted, joking. "For no one around has such black hair and flawless skin. Where else could I go to have my dinner served by a wench with a fine pair of titties and such a round, firm ass?" And he pinched Laura's ass firmly, making her spill the cream she had been about to pour. 

"But remember that the ass and the titties are mine alone. Any man may look, but only I might touch them any time I please," Marico replied with the same coarse humor.

"Ah, so you would like to think," replied Seth. "But Laura and I know differently, don't we, love?" He winked broadly at Laura, who blushed deeply. Only she and Seth knew the truth behind his teasing words. Laura had to feel a moment of gratitude toward her mother-in-law, who reprimanded the two for exhibiting such crude behavior at the table.

When supper was over, Laura lingered as long as she could in the kitchen, making sure that every dish was spotless before allowing the servants to put them away. When she emerged from the kitchen at last, Seth stood outside the door, as she'd expected. He put his large hands on her small waist and winked at her. 

"Work is over, my love. Time for a bit of play," he suggested, and slid one hand up to caress her large breasts. 

"Stop that," she commanded, trying to slap his hand away. "What are you thinking? Anyone could come in!" 

But her words did not hinder Seth, who had his fingers under her dress and on her pussy a moment later, even while she tried to push him away. 

"Come, love," said Seth. "Let us find a private place, or I shall be forced to diddle you here in the hallway, where anyone can see." 

"No," she insisted. She looked down at herself, bewildered at the fact that her breasts hung free of the cloth of her dress and her skirts were around her waist, with his fingers buried inside of her. How had he managed all of that within a few seconds? She pulled at his hand, but to no avail. He decided to take the decision out of her hands, since he wrapped his free hand around her waist and pulled her down the hallway into a little sewing room, which was thankfully empty. He pushed her down against the divan and stepped back, admiring her in the soft light from several half gutted candles. He must have lit them much earlier, planning this as the scene for his seduction.

"Now," he said, and his eyes glowed. "Now I shall ride you hard and long as I've wanted to for many weeks." He unbuttoned his breeches to reveal a half-aroused cock, nestled in a coarse dark hair. Laura felt saliva pooling in her mouth. She licked her lips, but turned away. 

She didn't know if she could have dissuaded him or not. In any case, she lost the will to try when she looked up again into his eyes, which appeared to glow yellow in the candlelight. She caught her breath and froze, knowing that she had imagined Olan's features on Seth's face. The suggestion of Olan's face, superimposed over Seth's, was enough to build her desire into a thing out of her control. She stayed where she was, any further protest dying on her lips as Seth strode toward her, stroking his cock into its full length as he came. 

He shoved his cock against her face, rubbing it against her cheeks and mouth, then forcing it past her lips. Eyes wide, she stared at him mutely, unsure what he wanted her to do. Marico had never done such a thing to her. 

"Here, now, don't tell me you've been married all this time and don't know what to do with a cock between your lips?" He lifted her hand and wrapped it around his cock, showing her how to rub up and down it. She felt her tongue rubbing against him, tasting the musky flavor, but she could not continue on as he asked. She felt frozen with fear at what she was doing, although she did not have the will to stop him. She looked up at him with wide, stricken eyes, his cock still in her mouth. He laughed down at her.

"We'll work on that later," he commented. "Don't worry, you'll get to love the taste of a cock in your mouth, I promise you that." Her skirts had fallen down around her legs again. He pulled himself free of her lips, and kneeling, put his hands around her hips and helped her to stand. He lifted her skirts high, then sat her down again, so that her bare ass and cunt touched the velvet seat below her. He pushed her down onto her side, then, so that he could lift her ass up a little bit in the air. He caressed her breasts, which were still exposed, before setting to work on her lower half. 

Laura took stock of herself. She lay on her side, with her skirts around her waist and her blouse pushed high to reveal her full, round breasts. Laura felt exposed, her nipples puckering on her large breasts even though it was warm out. Her legs were twisted over together with her rear raised slightly into the air. She felt one hand brace against her back while another gripped her hip firmly. Laura could feel him behind her, pushing something into her exposed pussy. She didn't move, but felt frozen, afraid that he would stop but unable to participate in her own debauchery by encouraging him in any way. 

She couldn't see what he was doing to her. She felt something much larger pressing into her now, and the hands on her hips tightened their grip. She tried to pull away then, but he held on tight and buried himself in her with a loud roar. She winced, sure that the household would come running, only to find her with another man's cock shoved inside of her. Seth didn't hesitate. He thrust himself repeatedly into her. In spite of her fear, she could feel herself swelling up around him, the friction making her flesh more and more sensitive. 

Her husband's face flashed before her eyes. She forced it away, and concentrated on squeezing every bit of pleasure out of the moment that she could. Marico had never ridden her in such a strange position, nor had he ever reached down to rub at the top of her pussy, where an exquisite little nub of flesh strained for release. She winced and tried to stop Seth, because she was so sensitive that the touch was almost painful. He grabbed her wrists and held them over her head while he continued to rub her with his other hand, though lighter now. She felt fire spreading outward, down her legs and up her belly. 

"I'm almost there," he whispered in her ear. A moment later, he pulled out of her and squirted himself all over her exposed, sensitive flesh. She felt a touch of gratitude that he had made some effort to prevent a pregnancy. Her pussy throbbed, sore, tender, and still aroused. 

She turned over onto her stomach, her end still raised a bit into the air. She hadn't come. She felt hands rubbing her bottom in a calming motion. She realized that she was humping the divan, rubbing herself against the soft velvet below her in an effort to finish herself off. 

She stopped her efforts after another moment or two, realizing that she was losing the feeling and that it would not happen at this time. She felt like screaming in frustration. Why had Seth started this if he couldn't finish it? Laura felt his fingers inside her, felt him looming above her, and knew that he was trying to help her reach her goal, but the sensation caused more pain than pleasure. She reached back and pulled insistently at his wrist. After a moment, he stopped, sliding his fingers out of her and making only one last pass over her clit before he sat up and away from her.

He washed his hands and cock in a bucket of water near the door and buttoned himself back into his pants. He still looked engorged to Laura, and huge. It embarrassed her to realize that he had never removed anymore of his clothing than was absolutely essential. He came back over to her again.

"Tomorrow," he said. "I'll come again then."

"No," she protested into the cushions, face down. "I won't let you in."

"Tomorrow," he repeated, digging a newly washed finger into her pussy for emphasis.

"Never again," she vowed. He patted her still exposed quim one more time, then tossed her a hairbrush from off of a nearby table. 

"Use this," he said. "You'll feel better for it. We'll finish together next time."

She listened mutely while he left the door. Would her husband see him coming out of their room? Her heart froze for a few moments, but when nothing happened, she felt for the hairbrush, and slowly began rubbing the handle against her clit, and into her sucking cunt. She couldn't stop herself, even though she knew that it would leave her more frustrated in the end. 

Later, when Laura had a chance to reflect on the experience, she realized that she felt violated, but exhilarated, too. Seth had not satisfied her, but the fucking had jerked her out of her constant lethargic state. Laura pulled her husband insistently to her that night. She made him ride her again and again, refusing to let him sleep, but she could never satisfy herself. Finally, she turned and wept into the pillow, while her husband tumbled at last into unconsciousness. That was the first time she dreamed of Olan as an adult. Before, she had dreamed of him as he had been when they were children. Now, she pictured him as a man, coming determinedly to get her.