 Chapter 2: He Returns

Olan did not arrive for several months. By this time, Laura's husband had become very suspicious of Seth, and did not invite him over to the house, nor did he let Laura leave the house without a servant or his mother accompanying her. Marico wanted to be sure that if Laura swelled with child, the child would be his. 

Marico could not be satiated upon Laura's body. He would ride her again and again, only to feel just as frustrated and needy minutes later. She had become an obsession. If he could have found a way to do it, he would have stayed home and fucked her into a stupor day and night. He knew his responsibilities, however, and once he was out of his home and away from her, he could at last stop thinking of her, and resist the compulsions he felt. 

At first, Olan waited outside of her home, lingering in the trees or bushes, watching through a window as she spread her legs wide for Marico in the morning. She saw him, through the windows, half a glimpse here and there. She swayed between fear that she was seeing things and a wild elation. 

The second day, after a long family supper, she went up to her bedroom to find Marico deeply asleep and Olan perched on the bed next to him, waving his hands in front of Marico's face. Being confronted with him so unexpectedly shocked Laura. He was tall and slender, but somehow had a more imposing presence than her tall, beefy husband. His hair was white and hung past his shoulders, but there was nothing effeminate in the hard lines of his angular face. His eyes blazed at her when she walked into the room, and she wondered how long he had sat their anticipating her return. 

"What have you done to him?" Laura hissed. "Did you kill him?"

"Would it bother you if I had?" replied Olan. "It is no less than he deserved, for poaching on what was mine."

It took Laura a moment to grasp his meaning. 

"Do you mean me? It's been years since I last saw you," she pointed out. "Did you expect me to wait?"

"Until the end of time, if need be," he replied. Suddenly he was looming over her, anger in his eyes. Laura froze. "No one should touch your ripe flesh without my permission. Every inch of your body is mine to play with, and I will take it now, as I should have years ago." 

He reached between her legs, rubbing the cloth of her skirts against her. After half a moment, her head fell back. She gripped his shoulder to help herself stand and felt her hips swaying in rhythm with his fingers, trying to attain the release she had been denied for so long. It took her a minute to try to pull away. She knew that he was strong; although not bulky, she could see the lines of the muscles in his arms, and she remembered that even as a child he had more strengths than many adults she knew. So she waited, relaxing in his grip, before pulling away as abruptly and sharply as she could. 

There was a loud ripping sound, and Olan looked surprised to find a swath of cloth but no Laura in his grip. He leaned back against the wall as she backed away from him, keeping him in view at all times. She reached behind her for the edge of the window, feeling frantically for it, wondering if she could break it and if it would do any good anyway, since they were on the third floor of the house. 

She never considered screaming. Later, she would wonder why she hadn't brought the whole house down on them when she had the chance. Instead, she reached the window and swung it open behind her, watching Olan watching her.

She pushed the window harder than necessary, and for an eerie moment felt as if she were going to tumble out of it. At the same moment, a hard hand grabbed her wrist and hauled her forward. Laura never saw Olan move, but he crossed the large room in an instant and hauled her back inside, only to press her against the wall next to the window and pin her with just one long finger, which inserted slowly into her body, watching the expressions shift on her face all the while. 

He pulled away from her, and she moaned at the loss, snapping her eyes open.

"It will not be as easy as that," he insisted. "I have had to wait for far too long. My needs come first, my dear." Olan reached up and used his sharp nails to shred her dress into little tatters that fluttered easily to the floor. It took only the blink of an eye for her to be standing nude before him, flinching from the pain. His nails had never broken her skin, but they had raised a hundred tiny welts on her flesh, all at once. It increased the sensitivity of her skin. She covered her breasts with her hands, but Olan jerked them away. 

He pushed her shoulders hard so that she fell back on the bed next to her husband. Laura was relieved to see that Marico was still breathing. Olan spread her legs wide, one tossed over Marico, the other over the side of the bed. He spoke a few words and a soft light came from his hand, which he moved in between her legs so that he could examine her tender pussy in detail. He reached out one finger, with a sharp, talon like nail at the end, and she braced herself for the pain, though she dared not move. He did not cut her, however, but pressed the pad of his finger softly against her throbbing clitoris. He moved it up and down several times. When he stopped, Laura could feel the beads of sweat trailing down the sides of her breasts, and she could hear her own breath coming in gasps. He lifted his finger away from her.

A moment later, his magnificent cock was bobbing in front of her. She reached out to touch it before she realized what she was doing. She caressed it gently. Suddenly, Laura had an idea about how she could begin to appease Olan for the months she had spent fucking other men. She wrapped her fingers around the head of his cock and drew him forward until she could reach him with her lips. Once there, she licked the slit in the head of his cock, then took the entire length of him deep into her throat at once. 

She felt impaled, overcome, but she forced her head to keep bobbing frantically over the heavy cock while her tongue swirled frantically around him. He let her continue for several minutes, before finally jerking her head back and pushing her down against the blankets. 

"I've waited too long to fuck this pretty pussy," he panted. "We were too young when we met, but I watched you grow. I saw your legs lengthen and your breasts soften and plump out from your body. I should have taken you then, but I knew that your people still considered you a child." He laughed. "I'll wager that you didn't know that I watched you, that I snuck into your room at night and squeezed the juice from elven fruits onto your lips so that you would not die from your elf-mooning." He placed himself between her widespread legs and shoved his entire, heavy length inside of her. "I needed you to live, so that one day I could come back to you and ride your body for days on end. I dreamed of being the first to pierce your little cunt, but your hot little body wouldn't wait, would it? You probably spread your legs wide the first chance that you can. Did you beg Marico to fuck you, to stop the longing that you felt?"

Laura would have been embarrassed if she weren't on fire from the way Olan made her feel. Yes, she had been hot and needy and willing to be fucked by just about anyone. How else could Seth have so easily seduced her? 

"You made me this way," she hissed. "You turned me into a mass of need, and then left me alone, aching. Yes, I fucked anyone I could because you weren't there!" Her words were an accusation. He stopped her speech by shoving two fingers in her mouth.

"Lick them," he commanded. "Pretend it's another cock and that you have two of them in your body at once." She obeyed as well as she could, bobbing her head up and down on his fingers at the same time that her hips writhed around the hot stick embedded inside her. "You like that," he whispered. "You love to pretend there are two men fucking you at once. Who are you imagining with you? Marico? That old man who comes by for a taste of your pussy whenever he can?"

Laura could not stop her loud moans at the images that played in her mind in response to his words. She prayed that her mother in law would believe she was with Marico, and leave her alone. Olan rode her hard, thrusting in and out. With each thrust, her flesh became more tender until she was sure that she must come at any moment, but she didn't. 

All the while, he muttered above her, "This is mine, you bitch, mine. You are mine to fuck any time I like and I'll fuck you as often as I like. That's it, bitch, moan for me, beg me, fuck me." He jerked out of her long enough to slap her clitoris a few times, and each blow drove the heat higher and hotter through her body. But she didn't come. He put himself back into her body as she whimpered and writhed beneath him. 

"That's right, my dear. You think I left you wanting before? I'll make you my slave now. I'll pitch your body into such a state of lust that you'll do anything I ask, because you'll know that in the end, I'm the only one who can help you." He pulled her hands over her head, holding the wrists tightly together. "But never fear, my dear. No matter how angry I am with you, I'll always take care of you in the end. You're my woman, and I take care of what is mine." 

With that, he began a fast rocking motion in her body that sent him balls deep again and again. Each time he thrust into her, he rubbed against her clit. She felt herself climb higher and higher until at last she peaked, and raced back toward the earth in a fiery ball. Her body was racked with tight, excruciating shudders all the way down to her fingers and toes. When she was still at last, she opened her eyes, to find Olan watching her closely. 

"Yes." He said it savagely, intensely. "I think you'll do as I ask. Because I'll care for all of your needs. Remember, Laura, you are mine. You are to let no one else touch you unless I command it. Do you hear me?" He pulled her head back, gripping her hair tightly. "Who do you belong to?"

"You," she agreed. "Always you. You should know that. Just don't leave me again," she whispered. "Stay with me this time." He lay next to her on the opposite side as Marico and petted her hair over and over, soothingly, possessively, until she went to sleep. 

He was gone when she woke up the next day.