 "Ken. Is it alright if I ask for you to remove these wings?"

I snapped out of my daze and tilted my head slightly. "Do you not like them?"

"Oh, I do. Truly. Unfortunately, they are a bit cumbersome." 

"Alright. I wish you no longer had wings." 

She nodded once and we both watched as the wings shrunk down and into her back. Once they were gone, she climbed off the bed and did a slight twirl. Her dark hair flowed around her as she did, much like a dress. 

"Much better. Thank you," she replied happily. 

"Of course," I said, sliding to the edge of the bed myself. 

I noticed my member was still hanging out of my open pants, but didn't move to cover myself again. With my new size, I wanted to enjoy the look for a little longer. As I looked at it, though, a thought occurred to me. 

"Catrina. How did you know what size I wanted my cock to grow to? I was pretty vague with my wish." 

"I used my judgement," she said as she moved to stand in front of me. "Unless you are specific with your wish, I have to gauge what you truly want or indent with your wish. That is why it is preferred that you explain your wish thoroughly. I will always try to do my best with accommodating your wishes, but I cannot always get it right, sadly."

"I'm sure you will do your best every time," I said. "I'll just make sure to make every word count. Though, do I have to worry about backlash from any of my wishes?" 

"No. I will always make sure to prevent such things. As long as you are clear with your wishes, they will turn out as you want them."

"That's good to hear." 

As she stood there, I started to admire her beauty again. The silkiness of her skin and the flow of her figure was enchanting on every level. Even after cuming a few minutes ago, I couldn't keep my thoughts off of sex. But, without another wish, I wouldn't be able to enjoy it. 

"I have my next wish," I said as I thought about my wording. 

"Anything," she said with a smile. 

"I wish I can control when, how much, and how often I can cum without harming my body in any way." 

With a single nod, I felt my member tingle once more. The feeling lasted only a second, though, before fading away. 

"Did it work?" 

"Of course," she replied. "Just think about what you want it to do and it will." 

Looking down at my cock, I formed a single thought in my head, to be hard again. In response, my body reacted and blood rushed to fill my soft dick. In the past, doing anything right away was painful, but not this time. This time felt natural and normal as I reached my new, full length. My hand moved to caress my hard dick gently and I was met with the gentle pleasure I've known before. I didn't stop there, though. 

Wanting to test the other two parts of the wish, I formed a thought while increasing the speed of my hand. Suddenly, I felt myself tense up and react instantly. My cock erupted blast after blast of cum in front of me, more than I've ever created before. Before long, I willed myself to stop as it got too intense for me to handle. As soon as I wanted, my cum stopped flowing and I leaned back on my palms to take a breath. Only then did I realize what I did. 

In front of me, stood Catrina, covered in my cum. Ropes and ropes of cum stretched from her face and hair to her stomach and upper legs. I could see much of it flowing down her body to her feet, covering her more and more as she stood there. Globs hung from her nose and eyes while her top was soaked with it to the point of being see through. Through it, I could see the faint outline of her nipples, now rock hard against the fabric. The only thing more impressive than those gems was her smile as her face beamed with closed eyes. 

"Crap," I said with honest concern. "I'm sorry." 

"It is alright," she replied as she wiped my cum out of her eyes. "It is not that unpleasant." 

"Let me get a towel." 

I rushed to the towel rack I had on my wall and grabbed the single towel off it. Turning with it in hand, I froze in place at the sight before me. 

Catrina lifted her arms and slowly took off her top. It seemed to be a little of a struggle as it stuck to her, but she finally got it over her head and past her hair, letting her chest bounce free. Her breasts were amazing, perfectly shaped without a single area sagging. They looked big, but not to the point of overflowing. Her nipples, now free to the cold air, stood erect like pointed quarters. They originally had little cum on them, but with the top removed, droplets fell from her neck and upper chest, coating her beautiful mounds slowly in my seed. 

I stood, dumbfounded with the towel still in my hands. They were the first breasts I've seen in person and they were magnificent. I didn't even care that she was wringing out her top on my carpet. 

"It has been a long time since that has happened to me," she said casually. "I almost forgot what it was like." 

I felt my member pointing directly at her and I knew it was not from my wish earlier. At this moment, there was only one thing I wanted. Her.

"Catrina, I wish all the cum was gone." 

She looked at me with her gentle smile and nodded once. Instantly, her body was clean again, not a single drop anywhere. As soon as it was, I moved in. My hands went to the side of her head and held it gently as I kissed her. For my first kiss, I say it was pretty spectacular. There was no tongue, just lips on lips. I filled my side with passion as held her there, too wrapped up in the moment to notice much else. Though, that didn't last long for I felt her move in herself. She matched my passion with hers, completing the kiss until sparks could have shot out. 

I'm not sure how long we stood there, lips together, but it felt like an eternity. When we slowly broke, I stared into her eyes with a mix of happiness and uncertainty. 

"Sorry," I said softly. "I just really wanted to do that." 

"I am glad you did," she replied. "It was wonderful."

"Should I keep going? Is it allowed?"

"Yes. I have never stopped any of my masters from having fun and I certainly won't stop you."

I wrapped my arms around her waist and held her close while she dropped her top to do the same.

"I don't know what I'm doing," I told her. "I've never done this before." 

"It is alright," she smiled. "Let your instincts guide you." 

Pulling her slightly to the side, I laid her down on the bed and crawled on top of her. I hovered for only a moment before I kissed her again. This time, the kiss had more lust than passion. My desire to have her grew with each second our lips were joined. Yet, for all the yearning I had, I still wanted to be gentle; to treat her right. So, I broke the kiss. She looked at me with a mix of desire and concern. Before she could say anything, though, I lowered my head and kissed her neck. My lips caressed her neck gently as I gave her a kiss after kiss. Her head tilted in response, soft moans wafting from her as she did. 

Methodically, I moved from her neck down her chest to her breasts. Gently, I kissed them in various places, leaving her nipples for last. I covered every part of one before repeating the process on the other. Her moans grew softer, but I could hear a yearn for more in them. That changed instantly when I finally moved to the nipples. My lips sucked on one gently for a few seconds before rapidly ran my tongue across it. Repeating the process, I focused on one at a time, switching periodically to keep her on her toes. Each time I switched, she relaxed for just a second before inhaling sharply as I started on the other. After a few minutes of this, she pushed me up slightly and looked at me with a deep fire in her eyes. 

"Do not tease me anymore," she said in a harsh voice. "Please." 

I nodded in response and got up to strip. While I did, she removed her pants, throwing them across the room. I was in awe once more as I stared at her bare pussy. Not a single hair on it, it glistened with the wetness of her desire. I wanted to dive down and lick up every drop I saw until she could handle no more, but didn't. at that moment, I wanted her as much as she wanted me. 

My clothes were off in a flash and I was on top of her again. I hovered over her, unsure of myself. She must have understood, though, for she took me into her hand and gently moved my cock into position. We smiled at each other as I slowly lowered myself with her guidance and entered her. 

For my first time, the only way I could describe it was amazing. Her wetness covered me as I slowly moved in and out of her in steady strokes. With each thrust, I could feel her envelop me completely and sending pleasure all through my body. She held onto my back as I moved, tightening her grip each time I went deeper. It wasn't long before I had her moaning into my ear. 

Because of my wish, I felt like I could go forever. Catrina, on the other hand, didn't take long to reach her first peak. The more I plunged, the more she moaned and gripped at my back. Then, I felt her tighten around my member. The tightness grew as she screamed out in bliss. In response, I picked up my pace, going deeper and faster than before. I felt her loosen again and I toned it down as she came down from her high. 

"You are a natural," she said in between breaths. 

"I didn't know I had it in me," I replied while slowing to a stop. 

She lifted her head and kissed me before saying, "Let us not waste it, then."

I kissed her back and started to move again. My thrusts were slow at first, but quickly picked up as I got into the groove again. Her sensitivity must have rose, for she moaned louder than before, pulling me deeper and deeper. I could feel the pleasure building inside, but my wish kept it at bay. The more I moved, the more it built for the both of us and I wanted to make her second one better than the first. 

"I wish for you to cum when I cum inside you," I said between thrusts. 

Amongst her moans, she nodded once.

As soon as she did, I doubled my pace. My thrusts went deeper and faster as I worked my way to the right moment. Then, when I felt it was right, I willed myself to cum. I came just as I went the deepest I could go. The instant I did, I flooded her with my cum, pouring more with each push. The feeling was amazing, better than I thought. And, having her cum at the same time made it even better. She tightened around my cock, milking me for everything I gave her. By the time we were done, both of us were panting and sweating like we've never before. 

I took a moment to kiss her again. I could feel my cum around my still hard member, but I didn't care. The moment was perfect for me. She returned the kiss passionately, showing me she felt the same. When we finally broke, I sat up slowly and reluctantly pulled out. As I did, my cum seeped out onto the blankets. I sat at the foot of the bed on my knees watching it pour out for a moment before turning my attention to her face. A face of pure bliss. She had a dazed look on her, but it was easy to see she loved every moment as much as me. 

"You alright?" I asked softly. 

"Oh yes," she answered without looking at me. "As I said, I have come to enjoy all forms of sex." "Glad to hear it. Because, chances are, there is going to be a lot more in the future."

"I am perfectly alright with that," she said with a smile. 

I glanced down at the pool of my cum on the sheet. "Though, I do have another wish before that." 

"Yes?"

"I wish I can't get someone pregnant unless I want to." My eyes moved to her face. "I don't believe I am ready for that yet." 

She nodded once and I felt a slight tingle that lasted only a second. 

"Thank you," I said, giving her another peck on the lips. 

"Of course. Anything else you would like from me?"

A devilish grin grew on my lips. "How about helping me more with this natural talent of mine?"