 Chapter 3: Wants all three

Marico woke in a daze the next morning. He gripped his head all morning and wouldn't get out of bed until past noon. Laura was left to tend him as well as she could. He claimed to remember nothing of what had brought him low.

"I must have had too much to drink last night, but I'll swear I don't remember it at all," he complained to Laura when he was feeling a little bit better. 

She made sympathetic noises and brought him a weak broth while he lay recovering in his bed. His mother looked at her suspiciously as she carried dishes to and from their bedroom, as if she thought that Laura was responsible from something terrible happening to her son. Laura wondered if her mother-in-law was right. 

Laura wondered if she meant anything to Olan. Had he really wanted her for all these years, or did he have many human women that he visited in turn? If he wanted her so badly, would he have left her? 

Laura didn't know if she wanted Olan to return or not. When he had been there, everything had seemed so obvious. Of course, she belonged with him. But now she was assailed with doubts. Perhaps he used some kind of Elven magic to convince all the women he met that they belonged with him. She pictured him climbing into women's windows all over the countryside, seducing them while their husbands looked helplessly on. She had no doubt that he could do that if he wanted to. So what made her believe that she could trust him? She knew nothing about him, other than that he had almost killed her when she was a child. Every story she had heard of someone visiting the Elven world and eating Elven foods ended in death. That she survived at all had been a miracle, and well she knew that the experience had left its mark on her. 

No more, she decided. Olan had done nothing but hurt her and coax her into adultery. She had enjoyed the experience last night. She wouldn't lie to herself about that. She could even be a bit grateful for it, because she knew it had roused her from the lethargic state she had floated in for years. For years, she had longed and longed for Olan and the Elven world the same way that an opium addict longs for her drug. She had allowed her addiction to consume her, but no more. She would take charge of her life again. 

Laura thought of Marico, who had remained a faithful, tender husband despite his suspicions about Seth. True, Marico had done what he could to end that liaison, but he did not seem to hold it against Laura. Laura had been a miserable wife to him, but she knew that she could do better, and that she could take more of an interest in their life together. She would do so. Only . . . 

Olan might remain an obstacle. Laura didn't know if he would return or not. If he did, well, then, if he did, Laura would show him that she was not controlled by the desires he awakened in her.

Laura dressed well for dinner that night, rejecting the plain dress laid out on her bed by her maid and choosing instead one of her nicer evening gowns. She had her maid put her hair up in an elaborate twist, then put some diamonds in her ears and around her throat. She was surprised to see that Seth had been invited for dinner, and Laura wondered who invited him. She wouldn't put it past her mother-in-law to try to cause trouble in her son's marriage. Laura thought Suzette's jealousy of her unnatural. Her mother-in-law could not hide her surprise at Laura's lively appearance. 

"You look lovely, my daughter," she said sweetly. "I can't remember when I last saw you look so well. If you were an unmarried girl, I would think you had found some young beau to turn your head." Laura blushed, because Suzette had hit a little too close to the mark. Seth also watched her closely, inquiringly. Laura refused to meet his gaze, or to be drawn into conversation throughout the meal. 

"Marico's sickness has shown me that I must be strong for both of us."

Laura left the hostile table to check on her husband. She was not surprised when Seth caught up with her in the darkest part of the hallway. He grabbed her arm to stop her, looking around him as if confused by the lack of dark corners to pull her into. 

"Seth," said Laura. "I must check on my husband. I cannot stop to dally with you now." There was a new purpose and color in her voice which caused Seth to stop and look at her as if for the first time. She met his gaze steadily, hoping that her determination could be read in her eyes. 

Seth's hand came up to cup her breast softly. "Laura, my love, it's been so long since I have seen you. Surely you won't turn me away now." His fingers glided enticingly along her body, persuading as they went. Laura felt her insides melting wickedly, but kept her earlier resolve to make her marriage work at the front of her mind. She put her hand over Seth's and drew him away from her body. She started to form some gentle rebuff in her mind, but found herself saying something else entirely instead.

"Come to my room later, Seth," she whispered directly into his ear. "Wait outside until you see that all the lights in the house are off, and then come through the servant's entrance up to my dressing room and wait for me there. My legs will spread for you then." She couldn't believe the words flowing from her lips. Although she had allowed this man to fuck her time and again, she had never initiated the contact. He had always been the pursuer, the one who pushed past her feeble resistance to take what he wanted. She had no intention of being faithless with him again, but she felt herself pressing Seth's hand under the skirts that she had just rucked up around her waist and into the soft, wet warmth of her cunt. She and Seth both gasped softly at the same moment, wrapping a sense of intimacy around the two of them. 

"I knew it," he murmured in her ear huskily, triumphantly. "I knew that you wanted me. You've gone without me for too long, and now your desires are coming out." His fingers rubbed enticingly over her for a few long, drawn out moments before he withdrew his hand. "Later, then, my love. We'll make up for all the time we've lost, I promise you that." 

With those words ringing in her ear, Laura allowed him to remove his fingers from her tight flesh and hurried on to her room. She felt the blood in her cheeks. She stopped outside of her bedroom door, breathing carefully in and out, waiting for the flush to leave her body before going in to see her husband. 

Inside the room, she found Marico still in bed, looking at her warily as she approached. 

"Who were you talking to?" he asked.

Laura flushed. "No one," she replied.

"I heard a man's voice. Don't lie to me," he demanded softly. "Who was out there?" 

"Seth came by for supper." Laura flushed, knowing her husband's well-founded suspicions about Seth. "Suzette must have invited him. I didn't know he would be here." She looked up at him pleadingly, her eyes half lowered in what she knew must look like guilt. But she couldn't help it, with her scandalous words and actions so fresh on her mind. Marico had been so understanding and patient with her faults. It pained her that she had failed him again.

"There was no reason for him to be in the private part of our house." 

"He wanted to inquire about your health privately. He feared that I would not be forthcoming in front of your mother." The explanation sounded weak to Laura's ears.

"I know what that old lecher wanted." Marico came out of the bed and toward her. Laura realized that he must be feeling much better than she had realized. "Did he get what he wanted?" Marico asked, pressing his face into her neck. "Did you spread your legs for him in the hallway?"

"Of course not," Laura protested, blushing, knowing that her legs had been open for Seth, though not exactly in the way Marico meant. "You are my husband, Marico." Laura pulled Marico's face up towards her own so that she could look him directly in the eye. "I never forget that." She kissed him.

He returned the kiss passionately enough that Laura soon realized that Marico expected to resume marital relations right away. Laura had thought he would be too weak for that for some time to come. 

"My love," whispered Marico, nipping tenderly down her throat. "I hope you don't think I am overly jealous or suspicious. But I'm afraid I must find out for myself." Laura wasn't sure what he meant, though she quickly found out. Marico danced her back toward the bed, where he arranged her body so that she lay on her back with her pelvis at the edge of the bed and her legs reaching down to the floor. Marico drew her skirts up over her waist, so that they flounced in her face. She felt smothered by them for a moment, before she held the springy hoop down with her arms and saw what her husband was doing. He had brought an oil lamp over to the bed, and now he held it high up between her thighs. 

"Careful, my love," she asked him for a touch of mercy. "You'll burn my thighs."

"I'll be careful," Marico promised. With his free hand, he felt all around her thighs and stomach around her cunt. "Nothing here," he muttered. Then he reached inside her body and scooped out all the moisture he could find. He held it close to the lamplight to inspect it, then brought it to his nose to sniff, and finally to his mouth to taste.

"I know your smell and taste, Laura, and although your cunt drips with your arousal, I can find no semen mixed with it. So you did not take him into this part of your body yet this night. I would have tasted it on your lips if his cock had been there, so that leaves only one place that I haven't investigated." Laura couldn't imagine what he meant until he shifted her legs up onto his shoulder and pushed them toward her head, raising her ass high in the air. Gasping with shock, Laura felt him reach in to softly explore all around her butt cheeks and her puckered anus. Finally, he inserted two fingers deep into the hole of her ass, then drew them out to repeat his earlier inspection, first looking, then smelling, then tasting the waste of her body on his fingers. Laura had never imagined that people would involve that part of the body in sexual play, and her shock must have been plain on her face, for Marico threw his head back and laughed at her. 

He seemed much lighter of mood now that she had passed his inspection. He had never done such a thing to her before, but he supposed he had grown more cautious since his suspicion of Seth had increased. Perhaps he had noticed Seth's leavings on her before. Laura hadn't realized that he was watching her so closely for signs of adultery. 

Now he smiled at her, commenting crudely, "Well, he hasn't had you yet tonight, and if he's planning on having you later, he'll be disappointed, for I have no intention of letting you rest tonight after so many nights apart." 

Laura bowed her head in acquiescence. She suddenly realized that this is what she had planned all along. She had put Seth off because she knew that it was the only way that she could stop him. When he returned, she wouldn't go to meet him, and he couldn't come to her because she would be with her husband, in their bedroom. If Seth were caught on the way in, or lurking in her dressing room, even better. She could claim innocence, and her husband would believe her. After all, if she had been going to meet a lover, would she have undressed and got into bed with her husband? Would she have initiated bedplay with her husband if she were trying to sneak outside?

Laura smiled to herself and did just that.