 Chapter 4: Group play

Laura took Marico's face in hands and kissed him softly, mindful of his recent illness. He returned the favor eagerly, wonder on his face. Laura never initiated this sort of things, and Laura felt guilty at the knowledge that she only did so now to prove herself free from fickle Olan and his demands. Laura was determined to make a success of her life, not spend it pining away for something she couldn't have. She had made vows to Marico, and her first step in fixing her life was fixing her marriage.

Despite his weakness, Marico quickly became amorous. He slid his hand down the back of Laura's dress, curving against her shoulder as he went. His fingers began busily unfastening her hooks, determined to take advantage of the moment as quickly as possible. Laura turned around in his arms to give him easier access.

Soon enough, the back of her dress gaped open enough that the dress began to fall forward on her arms. Before he allowed it to do so, Marico made her stay still while he began a thorough investigation of her soft skin. He kissed each inch of the soft skin of her neck and shoulders as if he worshipped them. By the time he began moving slowly down her spine, she was in an agony of anticipation. He didn't pause when he reached her midriff, though his hands reached in under the sides of her dress to circle her soft stomach, then rise up to cup her breasts under the heavy cloth. She moaned as he pushed the rest of the material all the way off her arms, and her dress fell to her waist. Laura moved to push the heavy dress down her hips, but Marico stopped her again.

"There's something unbearably erotic about a woman half-dressed," he explained as if apologizing, holding her arms spread away from her all the while so that he could look his fill. "Knowing that hidden hardly away at all is everything I want to get my hands on makes me as hard as a poker," he went on. 

Laura thought she heard a sound coming from the dressing room, but Marico acted as if he hadn't noticed. Laura smiled, wondering if Seth was in her dressing room, waiting for her. How long would it be before he became impatient and came to the door of the bedroom, to see if her could hear whether Laura was in there? She moaned loudly as Marico slipped his fingers along her slippery self, hoping to draw Seth sooner. She turned her half naked body toward the dressing room door, so that if anyone peeked through, they would see all of her, open and exposed. She hiked her skirts higher around her waist and spread her legs wide, head back on Marico's chest as wrapped himself around her from behind. 

Creak! There could be no mistaking it this time. Someone had edged the door apart, just a bit. Laura put her hand behind her and began caressing Mario through his pants, determined to distract him if he became suspicious. 

Laura wondered at herself. She had never behaved this way before. She tried to justify her actions to herself; after all, she didn't know that Seth really stood on the other side of the door, and if he did, it was his choice, not hers. She was pleasing her husband, as she should do, that was all. But these excuses were shallow. 

The truth was that she burned as she could hardly remember burning ever in her life, and she didn't want to stop it. 

But she could never have expected what happened next. She pushed Marico down on the bed below her, and she unbuttoned his pants and put her mouth to his cock. He tried to stop her at first, but the pressure of his hands on her head quickly went in the other direction, as he began pushing her face down hard on his groin, so that she gagged on him. 

"Where did you learn that, slut? Did you do this to Seth? Or have you fucked a hundred other men since him?" The whole while he spoke, he continued to encourage her with his hands, and the tone of his voice wasn't bitter. He sounded pleased.

Laura didn't pause in her efforts. She relaxed her throat as much as she could and soon took him all the way into her mouth without any help from him. Her groans told her how appreciative he was. She smiled and laughed around his cock, thinking of ways she could get him to show his appreciation later. 

The door creaked open farther. Laura swerved her eyes around toward it without changing her position on the bed. There could be no mistaking it. There was a figure in the doorway, and he was coming into the room now. Laura thought about screaming, about rousing the whole household and having them come charging into the room to find her there with her legs spread wide and uncovered, eating her husband with everything she had in her. She groaned in pleasure at the idea, picturing the brawny male servants standing over her and leering. She made no sound, however, no indication that she had noticed the intrusion as the figure approached softly from behind. What was he thinking, she wondered. She began to work harder at her task.