 I looked it up: "Our earliest substantiated evidence for elf-beliefs comes from Anglo-Saxon England, medieval Iceland, and the German-speaking world of the time. Some general themes are apparent in the texts: elves were human-like; were once pagan divinities of some kind; and were so dangerous they could cause harm to people or livestock and might seduce people into sexual relationships with them."

There it was in wikipedia glory. "sexual relationships". Oh, sure, people talk a lot of nonsense about vampire sex, werewolf sex, zombie, and there's a LOT of silly stuff being written about sex with fairies, probably even fan erotica about Princess Fiona and Shrek. But everybody since centuries ago think of elves as Christmas helpers or some armored shiny creature in Middle Earth. It's not like that. Not at all. It's fucking amazing.

I'll let you in on some elf pillow talk. Even they don't know everything about themselves. Sort of spirit-y things, more ancient than knowledge, magical, and - oh my god! - can they fuck. I suspect it happened a lot in medieval affairs that somebody got a reputation as a great fuck and some believer of one sort or another called them: demon, incubus-succubus, night crawler, seducer. I assure you that a real genuine elf can definitely fuck. All. Night. Long.

Myth aside, the elf I fuck had a magical cock. It was always just the perfect size, magically adjusting length, girth, everything to fit and fill but not overfill any orifice he put it in. You don't know what a relief it was to discover that. The cock that's a really tight fit for pussy doesn't fit ass well; and the same for throat-fucking. That's three different cocks. Or one elf cock.

Elf tongues are long, strong, and what we might call prehensile - like a monkey tail. He dopes things to my pussy and clit with it that aren't human. I love it. His tongue is so long and flexible that he licked my cit outside and inside my pussy at the same time. The first time the wide part of his tongue rasped over my swollen clit button and the tip curled inside me and caressed my G-spot, I climbed out of my skin, did an orgasmic happy dance on the ceiling, and floated like a feather for a couple of eternities. You never want it to stop, do you? 

Jorn said all he remembered was jumping on a ship in Iceland and landing somewhere near here. A long time ago. Really long. I asked him if he was a Viking because he sort of has the look: tall, rangy, fierce, like he could pillage and rape on weekends. He'd never heard of them.

I was sitting freezing my butt off in the Starbucks on 4th Street when he shoved through the door and looked around the place as if for enemies. Apparently satisfied it was safe, he flashed a toothy rough smile at the barrista and ordered "Coffee". Not latte, not chai, no foam. "Coffee."

She looked him up and down with practiced eyes. "Anything for you," she purred.

I looked him over, too, and could only agree. Not just your usual bad boy, but something far deeper and mysterious. Like a bad boy that's done it all at least twice. I sipped my chai and tried to casually eye the front of his pants. I nearly choked watching the long bulge down his thigh change length three times..long..shorter..

longer. Like Morse code. I shook my head and thought "trick of the light". Or I'm going cock crazy. I wasn't going to go cock crazy until later. Elf cock crazy.

I handled enough cocks in my time to know some differences. Some cocks are hard as steel, but cold, too. The blood chills without circulation. And some men are hugely gifted, but they feel a little sponge-y. Elves, and a few lucky men, have cock wood, real cock wood. It's like a branch - like another arm or leg - on their tree. Like wood, it's living, but temporarily rigid and strong. When you feel that elfwood sliding between your pussy lips or into your mouth or into your fingers hungry grasp...I can't even describe what it feels like, but I try. Like holding a dildo made of lightning and stardust. Like sucking off a divinity's cock. Like being fucked by every cock in the entire world at the same time. Human AND magical. It's like that.

So...

He sits down across from me and I'm startled. I'm starting to paint Ms Angry all over my face when I see his smile. Oh, shit! Oh, fuck! Oh, dear. Now, frankly, at this stage of my life, a smile that makes me wet and want to fuck the smiler right now is about as rare as finding a lesbian unicorn. I go from angry bitch to "I want you to fuck me" in under nine seconds. But how do I handle this?

His fingertips - like little fleshy electric eels - grazed over the back of my hand and he whispered low and hoarse. "I want to fuck you. No. I'm going to fuck you." He said it with such confidence I knew he was right. Like I said, rare as unicorns.

Think back for me. When was the last time, your nipples got so hard they ached in a Starbuck's? Ached to feel a mouth on them, fingers teasing, tickling, tugging urgently? For me, it was never before.

He smiled, showing those wolfish, clean, straight teeth and I pinched my thighs together under the table. Wet as a swamp, what the fuck! 

I'm thinking "Who the hell is this guy?" Now he's totally silent. 

"Look..." I blurt.

He looks back into y eyes again and I get lost. Like those vampire eyes that hypnotize. Except with them it's bats. With Jorn, it was naked ecstasies of flesh and tongue and cock all focused on making me cum so hard I'd never forget it. Magic, see? Elf sex magick. I never had a chance.

We didn't need to speak any more. Our minds had merged at least enough for a mutual unspoken acknowledgment that we were going to fuck. And it was going to be great. Why I got so lucky to become an elf's fuck buddy I can't say. And he wouldn't. 

Luckily, my sister and roomie were out when I dragged him inside my apartment and started tearing his clothes off. Hunky and rugged with a few interesting life scars in interesting body places. I asked him again if he was a Viking. He shrugged his shoulders then shrugged off his jeans.

There it was again. As I tried to focus sharply on his cock, it blurred. Changing in thickness, color, length. The head now small and pointy, now huge as a red onion. The longer I stared, the slower the metamorphosis transformed his cock until it stopped completely. And I was looking at the most perfect cock I had ever seen. I had to touch it. I had to kiss it or I knew I would die right then and there. That was a first.

I dropped to my knees and took all of him in my mouth. As my tongue started licking it, the living magical cock shifted shape again. The shaft grew thicker, filling and stretching my mouth open wider. The taut mushroom head of Jorn's cock grew more swollen, nudging the back of my throat and making me swallow. Which made him gasp loudly.

I'll try to convey what it felt like. Like mouth fucking a volcano you know will erupt and burn you with hot spewing lava cum. And you want it so bad, your skin is crawling and your heart tingling in anticipation of the coming climax.

Only long after, a day, a short night, did I think about what the hell swallowing elf cum would do to me, a mere human. Addictive. Elf. Cock. And cum. All of it. I think about it all the time. I fantasize about it all the time. One elf with a magical shape-and-size shifting cock and tongue. And the ways he made me cum. Over and over.

He impaled me from behind, my face smushed against the living room wall like a beast in rut. Me AND him. Fucking me wildly, pushing me harder and harder with every thrust, I lost count of little orgasms as his wood plowed me deep, long, and increasingly fast. My legs shook and wobbled but with one hand around the back of my neck, he held me tightly in place. And split me open. I swear his magical cock got thicker with every single thrust in my flooded pussy.

I'm not too proud to admit I screamed his fucking name repeatedly when he came. And when I came again. A man - or an elf - or anything remotely human-y that can fuck me like that, I don't care if he's a pagan deity or what. I keeping him close and available. 

You know Pan and those satyrs, the horny goat men of ancient Grecian woods? They learned how to fuck - such as a goatman can learn - from Jorn's kin. As far as I believe, elves invented fucking. They must have. I don't mean sex or mating or procreation or even shallow pleasures. I mean the total "this will blow your mind" fucking and sucking, licking and fingering that drive us mere humans up and over the wall. 

After fucking me against the wall, Jorn easily picked me up and tossed me gently on the couch. He grabbed my ankles, spread them apart, and bowed his head reverently between my thighs. The first thought that went through my head, and there weren't many after, was: Oh! This is what it's supposed to feel like. Holy shit and oh, dear!

There's no question, some men can work magic with their tongue on a woman. Human magic. And it's pretty damn fine. But. It's not serpentine, monkey tail elf tongue. Nothing is. It's like nothing you can describe. Psychedelic. I saw stars and novas just on the building up to climax. I actually fell limp and yet nuclear, like every little atom that made me up was being stimulated. Okay, more than stimulated. Fucked. And fucked perfectly. 

I'm not sure if elves sleep, maybe he pretended. I didn't pretend I wore him out. I think I got three hours or maybe four before waking suddenly and realized my mouth was on his very hard and beautiful cock under the sheet. I never thought I'd feel that. Always wanted that. Waking up with his cock in my mouth, filling it, warming it...morning elf wood. I nuzzled his balls. They had a scent like a forest glade, clean and green. And woodsy. I felt his eyes on me and looked up, his cock half way down my throat.

He smiled sweetly, his hand gently caressing my hair, and then grabbing it hard and - bucking his hips - pushed the length of his cock in my mouth. And began thrusting faster. At the same moment, I yelped, feeling his slender, smooth fingers enter my pussy. 

I came. He came. We conquered every position and invented new ones for our pleasure. But the magicals are mostly nomads. Like Zeus or Venus, they seduce and abandon.Mostly.

You should have seen his expression when he tried to leave. Shock, anger, pouting, anger, rage, lies. 

I looked at him and smiled, pointing at his lovely cock. "I want that. For as long as I want it."

His eyes flashed coldly. "You don't know what I am. I am an elf."

"You are. And a delicious one, but you don't know what I am."

"A woman."

She laughed and the binding spell tightened around him, like snake bodies of fingers and tongues and pussies surrounding his body, pleasuring but holding.

"A witch."