 Author's Notes: I want to thank everyone for their positive feedback. As a writer, I always enjoy hearing back from my readers and knowing they enjoy my stories. While I have written quite a bit in the past, this is my first story of an erotic nature (my little, guilty pleasure) and it is nice to hear the constant feedback. For those who were wondering if this will go the distance and have a strong ending, I do have a plan for a good conclusion. It may slow down in submissions here and there because of life and so on, but I do plan to finish this tale for everyone. As for this chapter, it is lighter on the sex, but it helps move the plot along. The next chapter will surely make up for the difference, though. Enjoy! 

***** 

The next few hours were filled with more sex that I've ever dreamed of. Catrina and I spent most of the time in each other's arms and joined at the hip. We tried every position we could think of in every spot possible in my dorm. From behind on the floor, her on top in my chair, her pinned against the wall, and even her propped up on the window sill. My favorite by far was her bent over on my bed with me behind. Watching me thrust deep and hard with her grunts muffled by a pillow was so erotic. By the time we stopped, both of us were sore, yet content. 

"No more," Catrina said as she flopped down on the bed. "Please let me rest." 

I leaned against the bed and looked at her sweat covered body. "Don't worry. I'm good for now too." 

With a gentle sigh, she looked up at the ceiling with a smile. "You are certainly experienced now." 

My hand patted her knee. "I had a great teacher." 

"I was happy to teach." 

Flopping down, I to a place beside her and joined her in watching the ceiling. Neither of us spoke for a while, simply content with lying here for a bit. The silence didn't last long, though, for my stomach chose that time to interrupt the moment. 

"Sorry," I said, blushing. "Guess I worked up an appetite." 

"I am not shocked," said Catrina with a small laugh. "Would you like me to create some food?" 

I slowly sat up. "No, I think I need to get out of the room for a while. We should get a bite down at the cafeteria." 

She joined me in an upright position, but her face was more neutral instead of joyful. "You are welcome to, but I cannot go in this form." 

"What?" 

"The second rule. You cannot reveal my existence in any way." 

"But I won't. I just wanted you to come have dinner with me." 

She shook her head slightly. "I know you do not plan to, but it is inevitable. My magic prevents me from interacting with anyone other than my master, you. But, there is a way I can always be beside you." 

"How?" 

"By becoming the journal I was before. I can hide in that form and still be with you to grant your wishes." 

"But how will we talk if you're a book?" 

She got up from the bed and stood in front of me with a smile. "With magic." 

I watched as she extended her arms from her nude body and nodded once. Instantly, she was gone and replaced with the same leather journal from before. The journal hovered for a few seconds before dropping to the floor. I walked up to the book and flipped to the first page, expecting to see the same words as before. Instead, on the top of the page were a few sentences written in simple cursive. 

I can communicate by writing words on the pages. 

I stared at the words before saying softly, "But how will you hear me?" 

Suddenly, new sentences appeared below the first two. 

Anything you write in the journal will be conveyed to me. You are also welcome to speak, for I shall hear it. Though, that method is risky with any passersby. 

I couldn't help but smile. "Well, I always get caught talking to myself. I guess this won't be much weirder." 

Whichever method you prefer. 

My stomach growled once more, bringing me back to the here and now. No matter what, I was still hungry and I couldn't go out in the buff. So, I went to my dresser and pulled out a set of fresh clothes. As I dressed, I looked around at the mess of my room. Cum stains, sweat, and disheveled sheets covered the bed while the floor was littered with knocked over books and school supplies. No shocker I would have to clean up later. In the corner, I saw Catrina's clothes thrown on the floor. I picked them up and placed them in an empty spot in one of my drawers. I didn't know if she would need them later, but I wanted to be nice just in case. 

With a new set of clothes on me, I set out for the campus' cafeteria with Catrina and pen in hand. Knowing she was a girl and not a book, I kept my grip loose. Though, I wasn't sure she felt the difference. As I walked, I thought about some practical wishes I could make. It was amazing how many I had when I put my mind to it. At the same time, though, I didn't want to go overboard so soon. I felt moderation was key to make sure I didn't get too hungry with power. I've read enough books to know that always ended badly. 

The cafeteria was packed for the dinner rush, so I took my time navigating around all the other students. The area was set up with numerous counters with different people serving different things. In the end, I chose a burger and bottled water. As soon as I paid, I juggled all three things and made my way to a far corner of the seating area. The table not only offered me a view of everyone in the room, but also privacy with a wall to my back and no space for anyone to join me without permission. Setting the food to the side, I opened Catrina up and started writing, speaking aloud softly as I did. I wasn't worried about being over heard, for there was enough noise in the room to drown out anything I say. 

"How does it feel to be a book?" 

To be honest, I feel nothing in this form. I just am. 

"Are you aware of everything going on around you?" 

Yes. My magic allows me to sense everything and everyone. 

"Interesting. Does that mean you sensed me when I first picked you up?" 

Yes. My previous master died many years ago and I grew worried no one would bound to me again. I am happy you did. 

"I am happy I did too." 

I took a few bites from my burger before writing some more. 

"I thought about a few wishes on my way down." 

Wish and I shall grant. 

"I wish for immunity to any disease and illness." 

I felt my body tingle for a moment followed by the word Granted appearing. 

"I wish for a healthier, stronger body. Nothing that anyone will obviously or instantly notice, but one that will be considered fit." 

This time, the feeling was more apparent. From my toes to my shoulders, a wave of energy flowed through me; invigorating and empowering. When it finished, I could tell I was different. Not in a outward sense, but definitely noticeable. My arms and legs felt lighter while my chest and joints felt tighter. Rubbing my stomach through my shirt, I even felt the faint ridges of abs underneath. 

Granted. 

I smiled as I took another bite of my burger. It seemed contradictory to my new body, but I was in too good a mood to care. 

I picked up my pen and wrote, "I wish I always had enough money in my wallet to buy anything I wanted." 

Sorry, I cannot do that. It is too close to obtaining power for yourself. 

That soured my mood quickly. It made sense, though, so I wasn't going to fight it. Instead, I took a sip of some of my water and started to crowd watch. Students sat at the other tables, eating and talking with various expressions. As I watched, another wish came to mine. This one fueled by a different head, however. 

I took up the pen again and wrote, "Catrina. What are the limits of wishing magic for myself? I don't want to be able to do magic, but have some magical abilities." 

Hard to say. Some would not be allowed, like being able to cast a spell yourself. Others, like changing objects from one thing to another would have to be regulated. 

I never considered an ability like that, so I made a mental note for later, instead focusing on my current wish idea. 

"Then let me try this. I wish I could see through anyone's clothes that I wanted." 

Granted. 

I felt a tingle in my eyes that faded after a second. I didn't notice any different, so I guessed it worked the same way as my magical member. Looked around, I found a prime target to test it on. Standing at the end of the checkout line stood a blonde bombshell. She was tall, with golden hair tied up into a single, long braid. She wore a plain, blue shirt and long jeans, covering her legs completely. 

As she finished paying, I squinted my eyes slightly and focused. Less than a beat later, her outer clothes vanish. I watched as she walked away from the line in nothing but matching, lace panties and bra. The black straps hung tight to her body, accenting every sensual curve she had. Her breasts were barely confined in the cups while her ass sat perfectly wrapped in the black cloth. 

With another beat of focus, that last bit of clothes faded as well. As soon as her nipples came into view, my jaw dropped slightly. They were the size of quarters, with areolas seated in the dead center. Even though I couldn't see it at the time, her breasts were still held back by the bra, so they stayed still even as she walked with tray in hand. Her pussy pound wasn't bare, instead sporting a single triangle just above it pointing to the treasure between her legs. 

I watched her walk to one of the far tables and sat down with some friends. Her body contorted to the seat as she did, making her curves even nicer. I knew I was gawking, though, so I snapped myself out of it. As soon as I did, her clothes returned, covering her pristine form once more. 

"Now that is what I call a wish," I said to myself. 

"Talking to yourself?" 

I turned my head to see Heather and John standing next to my table, both with bags of food. John was an inch or two shorter than me with curly, brown hair. His face was slightly round, framed by a pair of small, square glasses. He played some basketball in high school, so I knew he was fit, but today his body was hiding under a plain t-shirt and shorts. Heather, his girlfriend, was on the short side compared to him. Her red hair bounced with giant curls down to her shoulder and hid much of her angular face. She had a thin body with little curves anywhere to speak of. Even her chest and ass were lacking as she wore a baggy jacket and pants. 

"It's an odd habit of yours," John continued. 

"Hard to break," I said, quickly shutting Catrina. 

"Apparently. What's with the old book?" 

"Oh, this," I said, patting the cover. "Just an old journal I found. I thought about writing a book." 

"Yeah?" asked Heather. "About what?" 

I had this story ready in case anyone asked, but I didn't think it that far through. So, I improvised. "Um, not sure yet. With so many ideas rattling around up here, though, I'm sure I'll get one going." I waved to the other chairs at the table, changing subjects quickly. "Want to join me?" 

"No thanks," replied John. "We have some studying to do, so we just grabbed some stuff for later." 

"Alright. Then, I'll see you tomorrow?" 

"You bet," he said with a wave of his free hand. "Later." 

As they walked away, I focused on Heather just enough to make her first layer of clothes vanish. Much to my surprise, she wasn't wearing a bra. I could see her bare back and a side shot of her small breast as she walked away in nothing but a pair of white panties. I guess since she didn't have much to hold up and a jacket hiding it, she saw no need to wear one. It also made me wonder how often she did that. 

After they past a wall, I took another bite while opening the book once more. On the bottom of the page, I saw Catrina already wrote out something new. 

I know you meant well with the idea of you writing a book, but you do not have to worry too much about people reading me. If anyone tries to read me but you, I will make the words vanish. 

"That's good," I wrote. "I was worried about what would happen." 

I understand and appreciate your concern. 

Looking back at the blonde sitting with her friends, I focused enough to see just her underwear. There was no doubt in my mind I wanted her in every way. Yet, I don't know if I could do it. 

I picked up the pen and wrote, "Are you able to use your magic to control other people?" 

I am as long as it does not conflict with any of the rules. 

"How about granting me the power to control others?" 

It becomes trickier, but yes. 

I was about to make the simple wish to control others, but my pen stopped just above the page. While I would love the power, was it right? Should I just use magic to control other's feelings? I wasn't sure. Before I made that decision, I wanted some advice. 

"Catrina. Have any of your previous masters ever used your magic to control others?" 

Yes. Many of them. 

"Have they ever felt it was wrong?" 

There was a pause before she responded. 

Yes. But, those who did eventually found a balance with the idea. 

"How?" 

When my magic is used on others, it doesn't just force them to do what you wish asks for. In that manner, it becomes close to causing someone harm, which breaks the first rule. At the same time, I would feel guilty using it in such a manner. I am not one to harm others naturally and would feel bad if used in such a manner, much like I believe you are now. So, when I use my magic to control others, I plant ideas and thoughts in their head to make them believe it is what they want. 

"That still sounds wrong. We are still manipulating them." 

If I were to force them in another way, they would have no choice in the matter. They would be forced to watch their actions and do nothing to avoid it. Using thoughts and ideas allows them to believe they want to fulfill the action of their own free will, even if it not the case. We are still controlling them in the end, but this way allows me to both fulfill my master's wish and alieve my guilt. 

I sat there and gave her words some deep thought. If I forced to do something I didn't want to, I would reject and fight against it as hard as I can. It would make me hate every minute of it. But, her method sounded more like the person debates on the action and reaches the conclusion it is alright to do. If I didn't know better, it would be nothing more than my decision in the end. It was still tiptoeing on morality, but it was a method I could accept as long as I didn't push it too far. 

"Thank you," I wrote. "It makes me feel better knowing that you do it that way. I will still be careful with how I use my magic on others, though." 

That is very kind, Ken. 

"No matter what, I don't want to be a cruel person. So, please tell me if I ever step over that line. It is not something I want." 

I understand. 

Taking the last few bites of my burger, I grabbed Catrina and headed to the door with my trash. As I tossed it into the can, I took one last look at the blonde girl as she normally was. Yes, I wanted her, but I wanted her on my terms. So, for now I would wait. I would wait until I found ways to use them properly on others. 

I knew there were plenty of other ways to use my wishes for fun, anyway.