 "I've finished with the stables."

"Thanks, now brush down the horses."

"Of course." 

"Heya, Jim. How's Thunder?"

"Elunara is over there, brushing him down now."

Ben licked his lips. "The hot little Night Elf?"

Jim rolled his eyes. "The same." He shook his head. "She's a pain in the ass, but she does good work. The horses love her."

"Pain in the ass?"

"Shameless flirt." Jim snorted. He went back to cleaning the hoof of the horse he was tending. 

Ben sauntered on over. "Hi." He winked.

Brushing the horse, she eyed the man. Licking her lips, she smiled. "I don't suppose I could con you into an art sitting."

He blinked. "Uh, what?"

Her grin went feral. "I like the look of you. Perhaps I could show you my... skills."

This was not the track he was expecting. "You know, that sounds REAL fun, but..." He scratched the back of his head.

"Oh, I forgot to mention... you'd be naked." She never stopped in her tending of the horse. 

Blinking repeatedly, a grin crept across his face. "Is THAT how it is?" 

"Sweetie, I like two things, drawing, and dicks. Care to fulfill both?"

His eyes went wide. "How about after you're off work?"

"I'm done about six." Without another look, she returned to the needs of the horses. 

After work, she followed him home. She did not touch him, merely looked around. 

"I see you forgot your paper." He licked his lips.

"I always have paper." She smiled. "I just prefer to draw... after."

Closing the door, he eyed her ass. "That makes sense to-"

Without warning, she grabbed him by the back of the neck and assaulted his mouth. He barely had time to think before she released him. "You're yummy." She purred. 

"You don't waste time!" He gasped.

"Fast is the only speed I know, sugar cake." 

He chuckled and ran his hands down her ass. "Is that so?" 

"You're wearing entirely too much." She yanked his shirt open. "Oh, I definitely like this." She ran her tongue across his chest. 

"Dear Gods." He groaned as he grabbed her shoulders. 

She worked her way down and tugged his pants to the ground. "Mm, yes. Beautiful." She slipped her mouth over the tip. 

He groaned and buried his fingers in her hair. "Baby..."

Quickly, she worked her way over his dick, taking him in completely, before moving her way up and down rapidly. When he finished, she ran her tongue up and down him. "Fascinating." She purred. 

"Holy damn, that's..." 

She shoved him back against the bed and climbed on top of him. "Don't worry, sugar britches, I plan on making use of you all night." With a groan, she slipped down over his dick.

Later, she penciled a few runes on the floor and summoned her pack of papers. She sat next to him in the bed and began to work. He watched her draw with complete fascination.

His fingers twirled in her hair. "That's pretty cool to watch, Baby."

"Hm." 

The next day, she shoveled out the wasted hay from the stalls. 

Ben fidgeted and made his way over. "Hello, beautiful." He presented her with a bouquet of flowers.

She blinked. "Oh, hello..."

"You can call me Benjamin." He murmured, as he twirled a lock of her hair. 

"Ben, right. Um, I... don't exactly have anywhere to put those flowers." She shrugged and went back to work.

"Do you... not have a place to stay?"

"I stay where I want." She ignored him and shifted over to the next stall.

"You can stay with me." 

"I guess I wouldn't mind adding detail to my work."

He chuckled. "Yes, that."

"Ben, unless you're after your horse, get out of my stalls."

Ben jolted. "Sorry Jim." He shifted and leaned over to Elunara. 

She ignored his attempt to kiss her, and went for the hay bales.

"Do you need help?"

Elunara rolled her eyes. "I've got it, thanks." She dodged his kiss again. 

"BEN!"

"Sorry!" He jolted. "I'm out, I'm out." 

"Elunara!"

"Yes, Jim." She sighed.

"Did you do it AGAIN?" 

Spreading the fresh hay, she sighed again. "I don't know WHY they think that I give a damn just because I fuck them. A whore is a whore, gods fuck it all."

"No, YOU fuck it all." Jim snorted. 

"You have me there." Elunara shrugged. 

He sighed and ran a hand over his hair. "You don't HAVE to be a whore, you know."

"Actually, yes I do. It's the only thing worth doing." 

"There's plenty worth doing." He shook his head. "You're amazing with these horses..."

"I'm going to stop you. I help you with the horses, because being around animals gives me a greater calm than being around people. I need to have sex with men because it gives me an energy boost that I cannot explain."

Jim sighed. "I've always wondered what happened in your past that makes you like you are."

"Not a thing." She refilled the feed buckets. 

He shook his head. "Your habits must kill your mother."

Elunara growled. "NEVER MENTION MY MOTHER!"

With a jolt, he stepped back. 

"My mother's opinions of my habits don't mean jack fucking shit to me." 

"I'm sorry... I had no idea it was such a sore subject."

"You know what makes me the way I am?" She tossed the scoop back in the bin. "I have no emotions. They're completely broken."

"That's... strange."

"I guess." She shrugged and ran her hand on a horse's nose. "I don't feel hate, or love, or anything really. I might have a heightened emotion for a short period, like rage, but I can't sustain it. Not for any length of time. I have sex with men because it's the only way I have discovered to derive pleasure. I am a tactile person, and that's what I'm left with. I can't love these men; I can barely remember which ones I've fucked." She sighed. "I draw so that I can remember. I have to have a record of what I've done and how I've done it, and what I have experienced. I NEED that."

He blinked. "That's a horrible life."

"How would I know?" She shrugged. "Spending time with the animals is the only other way I have found that gets me what I need, and even then it's... minimal." 

"You should try out for the SI:7."

"The... what?"

"It's the Alliance spy network out of Stormwind. They would send you out into the world. I bet you'll find something there." 

She considered. "How?"

"I haven't tried for it myself, but my friend Mathias Shaw runs it. You need to apply and prove yourself. I'd give it a go."

Licking her lips, she considered. "Where is it?"

Leaning against the wall, Elunara waited and listened. 

"Gods, those gnolls are such a complete and utter menace!"

"I know! I've killed so damned many of them, but they breed and breed."

"You'd figure a creature that was dumb as shit wouldn't be so difficult to eradicate."

"I know, the other day I killed one that was humping a tree stump."

"A TREE STUMP?"

"When I killed it, it just kind of hung there, its dick still stuck in the thing. Was horribly hilarious." 

"Ewwww!"

As the two men walked past Elunara, she grinned. 

"Hey! Uh... Eric, was it?" 

The beefy farmer turned around. "Yeah, Elunara?"

"I need you to hit me."

"Bwuah?"

"Just do it."

"Listen, Sweetheart... I know I was mad at you... but I wasn't ever THAT mad."

"I don't give a damn, just HIT me!" She bounced.

"No."

She hauled off and kicked him in the nuts.

"YOU BITCH!" 

"Awwww, did that HURT?" She asked in a baby voice. "Pussy!" She snarled. 

With a growl, he dove on her.

Later, she stared at herself in the mirror and winced. Ok, maybe she had over done it. Whatever. She began to shred her clothes. Once she was out in Elwynn, she found her targets. Thinking better of it, she yanked her pants off completely and tossed the shreds in a pattern, and then lay down. Slicking her fingers through her soft folds, she got herself good and lathered. When then gnolls got close, she flopped down on the ground and adjusted herself. 

[The following is translated from gnoll speak.]

"What's this?" The first gnoll poked the creature with his spear. 

"I don't know. I've never seen such a creature before."

The first leaned down and sniffed. "Whatever it is, it's female."

"Is it?" The other mimicked the first. "Ooo, it is." He continued to poke at the creature.

Elunara had to struggle to not laugh. That stupid spear tickled. She had no idea what they were saying, but if she just kept her ears open, maybe she could learn... She grit her teeth and bit down the urge to flinch. One of the creatures had stuck its tongue in her crotch. 

The first giggled wildly. "It tastes good. Try."

The second slipped its tongue into the slick hole. "I like this." He growled. Shifting the creature's leg out of the way, he buried his tongue in, over and over again. 

"My turn!" The first shoved the second. 

She suddenly wished that all men had such useful tongues. 

The two giggled. "Let's take it back." The first gnoll licked his lips.

"Yeah, let's show the others!" Grabbing her by the arms, they began to drag her through the zone. 

Well, this was working out quite well. Peeking, she noticed they weren't looking at her. Watching the path they were taking, she began to realize exactly why no one had found the fountain of the little bastards. As they approached a small camp, she closed her eyes and resumed her ruse of being unconscious. 

"What is this?" A gnoll asked.

"Found it. Now it's ours." One of the gnolls giggled. 

"What if it wakes up?"

"Eh, she's helpless."

"She?"

"Yeah, much female."

"That so?" He licked his lips. 

"Tasty, try it." 

She rather lost count at how many of the little bastards had a taste, before one of the beasts decided to shove its dick in her. The others began to hiss and fight, and she was starting to pick up bits of their language. 

"That was OURS!" One of the gnolls shoved the others. 

"Yeah! You can't just DO that!" The second one said. 

"I'm leader of THIS camp; I can have what I want!"

"We brought to share, not for you to take!" 

"I want it!" He shoved the others. 

"NONE OF YOU GET IT!" A newcomer bellowed. 

She barely cracked her eye and saw a larger gnoll. Closing her eyes, she waited until the new gnoll grabbed her by the wrist and hauled her out. 

"That was ours." Pouted the first. 

She was dragged to a different encampment high in the hills. The new one sniffed her all over. He began to lick her crotch, before sliding his tongue in completely. With a giggle, he got into it. As far as weird ideas went, this one was working out quite in her favor. She was unsurprised when he shoved his dick into her and began to hump. If she could have gotten by with rolling her eyes, she would have. A gnoll had a gift of a tongue and no IDEA how to use its dick properly.

When night fell, and her captor passed out, she popped up. Quickly, she began to search through the camps. She found every scrap of paper and form of writing she could get her hands on, then scribbled some runes in the dirt. Sending her haul through, she went back to the captor and repositioned herself. 

Over the next couple of days, she spent the day as a toy for the gnolls, and the night tearing through their camp. When she was satisfied she couldn't find anything else of use, she summoned her dagger and cut her way through. She had a fondness for the little tonguing bastards, but a job was a job. She skipped all the way home. 

Once she was cleaned up, she headed to the SI:7. 

"I want to speak to Mathias Shaw."

The man shook his head. "You don't just speak to him. What's your deal?"

"I have some important information about the gnoll issue, but due to the sensitive nature, I have to deliver it directly to him."

He narrowed his eyes. "Hold on."

She stepped into his office and put the package on his desk.

Mathias blinked and began to sort through. "What is this?"

"The top pages are gnoll communication, as crude as it may be. The second set is my translation notes."

"How did you come by this?" 

Keeping herself calm and composed, she detailed the work she had achieved. 

He stared at her in complete shock. "You... GAVE yourself to them?"

She snorted. "All men, of all species, have their weaknesses." 

"This is quite impressive, and you understand their language?"

"Once I had the basics." She shrugged. 

"Well, the reward is yours."

"I didn't do it for the reward."

He hesitated. "No?"

"I want in. I think I can put my unique skill set to work for the SI:7." 

Tapping his fingers together, he nodded. "I think we can find a place for you. Keep the reward, as your first payment for a completed commission."