 Cairne Bloodhoof cracked his neck as he listened to yet another request from one of his people. He considered their words. "I agree with this. You should handle it as you see fit."

"Thank you, wise one." The man turned and left. 

A strange sound pricked his ears, as his strong nose picked up an odd scent. Patiently, he tracked the mysterious visitor as he went about his day. He knew, without a doubt, that if this intruder meant harm, they would have struck any time. Still, they bided their time. He paused in his duties, as he could have sworn he heard a piece of paper. Scratching noises confirmed his belief... his intruder was taking notes of some sort. 

Perhaps they were waiting for him to sleep. The ignorant one would soon be surprised. He tapped his hoof on the floor in annoyance as he debated how best to handle the situation. Lightning quick, he shot his hand out and grabbed where he felt the intruder sat. She yelped as he grabbed her by the shirt and hauled her up. To the floor clattered a notebook and pencil. 

"What are you doing?" 

He almost dropped her when she spoke in his language. "Please forgive me, I was just drawing." She said. 

"I know your kind. You are a Night Elf."

"Please..." She did not struggle in his grasp. "Just look at my notebook." 

With a frown, he scooped up the notebook and stared down an image of himself. Blinking, he looked back at her. "What?"

"I... I have a goal in life, to draw everyone I can. If you flip through my notebook, you can see I've already convinced Vol'jin and Thrall to sit for me. I admit I'm a little terrified of trying to draw Sylvanas, but I just might have to do it." She rubbed a hand over his arm. "If you sit me down, I will stay right where you put me. I promise. I only wish to draw." 

He eyed her with suspicion. "Why should I trust you?"

"Because you hold in your hand, the one thing I value the most."

"Your life?" He snorted.

"My notebook. My life is meaningless without my drawings." Which was the most honest she could be, even with herself. 

After blinking at her for a moment, he gently sat her down. When she sat down and picked up her pencil, he turned his attention to her notebook. Flipping through, he could feel the heat rising to his face. "This is... graphic."

She shrugged. "How can I truly know my subject, if I do not see all of him?" She smiled up at him. "All I wish... is to draw. You may bind my feet, you may bind my hands. All I ask... is that I have enough wiggle to use this hand to draw you." She held up her hand. "When I have what I want, I'll leave you be." 

He considered her words as he flipped through the book. "I see no reason to bind you." He passed the book back.

"Thank you very much." She stood and bowed. Getting comfortable on the soft furs, she smiled at him again. "I hope to do you justice." 

Later that night, he blinked at her. "Are you finished?"

She held up her book. "I have done my preliminary sketches." Wiggling, she frowned. "I don't suppose I could have a few days to refine my sketches?"

"But, where would you sleep?"

After a look around, she pointed to the far corner. "There is just fine for me."

"But, that's just bare floor."

"I have dealt with worse to get my sketches." 

He tugged a fur off of the pile and put it in the corner. "That will do better." 

She blinked at it for a moment. "Thank you, you're very kind." She smiled up at him, before curling up on the fur. 

Once again, the heat rose to his face. He tugged a blanket off of a stack, before placing it on the sleeping Night Elf. After watching her for a moment, he went to his own bed.

Curious, she ran her fingers over the edge of the blanket. The kindness was completely unexpected, but certainly not rejected. 

"Sir, forgive me for questioning... but is it advisable to have a Night Elf as a pet?"

Cairne shook his head. "She is not a pet, she is... a guest."

"Isn't that a little...?"

"Odd?" He snorted. "Very." He looked back at the creature currently feverishly drawing in her sketchbook. "I trust her for now." 

By midday, his curiosity got the better of him. "May I see what you have... er... I never got your name, little one."

"Elunara." She held her book up. 

Peering through, he considered. "These are very impressive."

"I like to get my base work down and then add in the fine details." She smiled at him. "Perhaps I can get some... intimate ones?"

The heat went straight to his face. "Perhaps we can discuss that another time."

She shrugged. "As long as you're willing to consider my request." 

He was greatly relieved that other creatures could not tell when a tauren blushed. Over the next several days, she sat quietly beside him and worked in her book. Occasionally, she would ask him to turn, or lift his arm. 

It was on the sixth day that she finally acted. Sitting her book and pencil down, she stood up and held up her hands. "May I touch you?"

"What?" He blinked.

"Please?" She whispered. 

"I... I will allow it." 

Gentle, she laid her hands on his arm and rubbed up and down. "You're very soft." Her words were quiet and loaded with meaning. "You're also amazingly kind and wise. Such an interesting person you are." She brushed a hand across his chest. 

"Stop." Was his pained reply.

"Stop what?" Her hand travelled up his neck and to his cheek. "You're a fascinating subject." She continued. "I've watched you, I've studied you... and never have I seen such a contradiction. Soft, and gentle, yet... hard and well muscled. Your body is a power house and your heart..."

"Please stop." He whimpered. His hand grasped hers. 

"Stop what?" She repeated. "How can I stop... if I don't know what I'm doing?"

His mouth crushed to hers, and when she gasped, he pressed his advantage, slipping his large tongue in her mouth and just savoring the flavor of her. Her hands slid up his muzzle and back to his neck. His hand crushed into her hair, as the other slid down her tiny body. 

"Ancestors guide me." He groaned, as he licked her neck. 

She pressed herself up against him and gasped. "The ancestors have nothing to do with it." 

Pulling himself free of her, he shook his head. "Forgive me. That was..."

Licking her lips, her grin was near feral. "Why stop now?" She whispered.

"This cannot be." He waved a hand. "This will not work." 

Her walk was near a saunter as she made her way back to him. Gently, she put her hands on his chest. "But... one night wouldn't hurt." She whispered. "Just to sate the fire."

His hands found her hips. "Just... one night." He breathed. 

"But first..." She slipped out of his grasp and began to circle him. She began digging her fingers under his gear, poking and prodding, as she darted in and out of his grasp. He blinked at her in confusion, until at last; his entire war harness fell off in one piece. He blinked down and put his hands over his crotch. She lightly smacked his hands. "I think we're past that." Running her hands on his bare chest, she sighed. "Very soft. I wonder..." Tugging her own shirt off, she pressed up against him. "Oh, I like this." She whispered, rubbing her breasts in his soft fur.

With a groan, he wrapped his arms around her. "You are so confusing." He whispered. "I find myself unable to care." He licked her bare shoulder. 

"I wouldn't worry too much, for we have tonight." She pressed her mouth to his, pleased when he responded in kind. 

"If only tonight." He murmured. 

"Mm, I feel you down there." She stooped down. "You are absolutely huge." She marveled. Reaching for her book, she began to sketch him while he watched her with curiosity. She cupped his balls and rubbed her thumb across them. "Eve these are soft and fuzzy." She murmured. Intrigued, she rubbed her cheek against them and he shivered. "Oh, you can get bigger." She purred, as she ran her hand across his large pink dick. 

He clung to a table as she worked her hands back and forth. She sketched with one hand and handled him with the other. She licked the length of him. 

"Save me." He whimpered. When she slipped her mouth over the tip, he almost lost it. His fingers buried into her hair as she began to work. 

She tried her best but couldn't get too far down. She was going to spend quite a bit of time practicing that one. When she felt that tell tale sign of his dick pumping and twitching, she backed up and watched him explode to the air. Fascinated, she scooped some into her hand and played with it, making notes in her book. She tasted it. 

He tugged her up and went for her mouth again, his arms trapping her to his body, his sticky dick pressing against her exposed belly. Once again, he licked her neck, finding that spot that drove her mad. When she writhed and arched against him, his hands shoved at her pants. He tongue ran flat against a breast, finding a hardened nipple for him to suck on. Her pants on the floor, he slipped his long tongue between her legs. 

Gasping, her fingers dug into his hair, as he flicked his tongue across her slit, over and over again. When she shifted her leg to his shoulder, he plunged. Wide eyed, she stared at the ceiling, as his massive tongue plunged her depths over and over again. She shivered and arched, as the force of her orgasm ripped through her and she almost fell. 

Catching her, he laid her down against the soft furs of his bed. He continued his assault on the center of her, licking up her warm juices. She let ago again, before he finished. He curled up beside her and slipped his large finger into her. 

"You're so tiny, I'm afraid I won't fit." He licked her neck. 

"Then let me control it." Pushing him over on his back, she stood over him. Holding on to his massive dick, she slid him across her dripping opening a few times, before she pressed down. He grabbed her hips with a groan as she made her way down. Desperate to take him all in, she shoved herself harder, cursing her lack of training for size. When she finally met furry flesh with her own, she gasped. "Oh wow." She rubbed her belly. "I think I shifted a few things." 

"Do I hurt you?" The concern in his voice hurt something in her chest. 

"No, I rather like the feel of this, actually. I wonder..." She tried to pull up. Frowning, she tried to push up. "I... I think I'm stuck." 

Blinking, he put his hands on her hips and tried to lift her. "Uh..."

"Well, damn." She tried to get leverage with her feet. "I'm stuck!" She leaned sideways and tried to claw at the floor. 

"Wait! Stop! That hurts!" He winced. 

"I'm sorry!" She straightened up. "This is... Well, I don't know what this is." She tried yet again. "I want my sketchbook." She turned this way and that. "Gods, it's all the way over there."

"I'm not sure what to do." He tugged at her hips again. 

"You're going to have to... well, finish or deflate or something. You're too big." She put her hands over her face. "This is kind of embarrassing." She muttered. 

Shaking with laughter, he tugged her forward. "I guess we're stuck in this together." 

Giggling, she rubbed her face in his fuzzy chest. "Yeah we are." With a sigh she kissed his chin. "Guess I should have practiced with another tauren before I attempted this foolish endeavor." 

He blinked down. "What?"

She sighed. "I knew I wanted to... give you a try... but I had no idea how big you'd be. I guess if I'd worked on stretching it out a little..." 

"Hm." 

"Sorry, I can feel you deflate over that." She raked her fingers through her hair. "I just had to go for the pretty first." She grumbled. Laughing, she sat up. "Oops, made you harder." 

"You confuse me greatly."

"I apologize; I'm often confusing to myself." 

Cairne put his arms behind his head. "Well, I guess we're stuck here for a bit." 

"That we are."

"Tell me about yourself. Not just the art."

Leaning forward, she put her elbows on his chest. "Not much to tell really..." 

They talked for awhile. In the morning, she found herself curled up on his chest, finally freed. Not really caring, she dozed back off. Feeling his fingers on her cheek, she woke up again. "Morning."

"Morning." He kissed the top of her head. 

"I have to leave, you know."

"Yeah..." 

"I might be able to eek out one more night. I never got the drawings I really wanted."

He grinned. "Tonight."

That night, he lay back on his bed, while she sat beside him, working. 

"Pity you are what you are."

She shrugged. "Have been all my life."

He ran his fingers on her cheek. "I wish I could have you."

Licking her lips, she grinned. "We can have each other plenty, but I'll just have to stretch out a bit more before I can try THAT idea again." 

"Do come back."

"I will... eventually." She winked. 

Fifteen years later.

Elunara sat at the table, working on her sketchbook, wishing Mathias had a damned assignment for her. A runner came in, and headed up to the office. She watched with interest. When her name was called she privately cheered. 

"Elunara..."

"What's the assignment?"

"No assignment, sit down."

She fiddled with her pencil. "What's the complaint?" She sighed. 

"No complaint." Mathias said quietly. "Cairne Bloodhoof is dead."

She snapped her pencil. "What?" She whispered. "But... I never..." 

She sat on the hill and drew the scene before her. Not once, in her entire life, had she cried at a funeral. She decided that there was a first time for everything.