 "What's the mission?" 

Elunara shook her head. "I'm stuck in city, babysitting."

"Oof. What of me?"

"Go fleece somebody." She snorted. 

After the delegation left, King Wrynn rubbed his neck and sighed. He felt like he'd rather be a pit fighter than deal with these obnoxious politics. Making his way to his room, he rolled his shoulder. A loud thump had him jolting and turning around. 

The Night Elf woman rose up, bloody dagger in hand. "Are you injured?"

He dropped his stance and blinked. "No?"

Dismissing him, the night elf stooped back down and began to rifle through the body. He started down at her victim. She pocketed a few items, before turning the body over. She tugged a notebook out of her pocket and began to sketch.

"Please explain yourself."

"This bitch here tried to kill you. You're welcome." Once she was satisfied, she tucked the book back in her pocket. "I'll deal with it." 

He continued to stand there blinking at her, as she hauled the body up onto her shoulder and walked off as if she carried a pillow. Curious, he followed her through the castle and outside. 

She dumped the body in front of the guards. "Assassin, deal with it."

"Uh, sure, Elunara." 

Nodding, she turned and jolted. "Oh. Well, this is convenient." 

"Convenient?" His eyebrow shot up. 

Marching past him, she flipped her hair. "I have to check your room for traps."

"Uh, why?"

"Because it has come to the attention of the SI:7, that someone wants you dead. Possibly multiple people. I've been assigned to keep you alive." Over her shoulder, she eyed him and licked her lips. "Not as painful as I expected." She shrugged and headed on. 

"I don't think..."

She held her hand up. "You have an issue with me, you ask Mathias about it. Now if you'll excuse me, this will only take a few minutes." She closed the door in his face.

He blinked at the door with shock. After a moment, she stepped out. "Sweet dreams, hot stuff." 

Somehow, she disappeared in front of his face. 

The next day, she appeared in the main area. "Sleep well?" 

Eyeing her, he sighed. "Fine, thank you."

"Cool." She leapt and grabbed the rafter, pulling herself up.

He stared up at her. "That's... an interesting place to be."

"I'll stay out of your way, do my job, and have a nice little view. She scooted back and got comfortable. Pulling out her sketchbook, she began to work. 

After another round of meetings and paperwork, Varian sighed and rubbed his neck. 

"You know, I'm amazing at back massages." 

Varian looked up. 

"If you want one, of course."

"I'm fine, thank you."

"Your choice." She shrugged.

When he started to walk out, she dropped down, following behind him. "Why are you following me?"

"Because I have to." She tucked her book away. 

"Hm."

"You really carry too much tension in your neck. If you're not having headaches, I'd be amazed." 

"Are you a healer now?"

"I just know bodies." She shrugged.

"What is your name?"

"Name's Elunara, code name "The Whore". Nice to meet you." 

He stopped and stared at her. "The Whore?"

"Before you ask, I chose it." 

"Why?"

"Cause I'm honest."

He blinked at her. "Alright." Shaking his head, he continued on his path. They stopped at the door of Mathias' office. 

"Well, that's the safest place you can be, I'll wait out here." She leaned against the wall. 

Varian stepped into Mathias' office and frowned. 

"Ah, I suspect you've met your tail." 

"What is going on?"

"It's come to my attention that your life is in danger. I've assigned my best agent to keep you safe until we can locate the mastermind." 

"Which is a woman called "the whore"?" He jerked a thumb over his shoulder. 

"I assure you, Elunara is our best. She's difficult to manage and impossible to control, but she does exemplary work. I would trust no other." 

"I see..."

"I have to admit, she can be a bit off putting, but she has a strict code of honor, regardless of how skewed it is. If she presses you for sex, and you tell her no, that's all she requires. She won't ask again." 

"You're... familiar with this practice?"

"She has never actually propositioned me. However, many of our agents can attest to this mentality. To be perfectly honest, no one really knows anything about her from before she came to Stormwind. However, she has pledged herself to the Alliance, and has done excellent work for us for the past fifteen years. I trust her judgment and her opinions are never off." Mathias stood up and sighed. "I should tell you that, while her attention span can be somewhat lacking, I've gotten used to her "requirements". She's the best person for the job, because I gave her a fairly attractive male to keep alive."

Varian blinked. "Do what?"

"Elunara is addicted to sex. It actually does something to her brain if she goes any length of time without it. As a result, one of the easiest ways to keep her in check; is to assign her out in some way that can satisfy that need. I am by no means telling you to have sex with her, but do not be surprised to find your guards in compromising positions." Mathias sighed. "Interestingly enough, men who have had sex with her, tend to become obsessed. As far as I am aware, she does her best to discourage this behavior, but it has led to some very awkward positions. And I don't mean sexually. I'd advise you to keep your hands off of her."

When he finally walked out of Mathias' office, she fell in step behind him. "I assume he gave you "the lecture"." She wiggled her fingers. 

"The lecture?"

"The ol' "Don't fuck Elunara because she'll turn you into a simpering heap of worshipful stupid" speech."

Varian eyed her. "He MAY have mentioned it." 

"He's not wrong." She snorted. 

"ELUNARA!" 

She winced. "Shit." 

A man ran up and grabbed her hands. "Oh, it's so GOOD to see you again!"

"Yeah, uh..." She snapped her fingers.

"Joel."

"Yeah, good ol' Joey. It's been like... five years?"

"Too long." He breathed. 

"Yeah... didn't you get married?"

"She'll be gone in an instant, if only you'll give me the words." 

She flicked her wrist and cut him across the face with her dagger. "Listen here, Joey, my dear... You're going to go home, apologize to you wife for being a total fucking cunt, and then you're going to buy her something shiny. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"

He held his face and gawked at her. 

"NOW!" 

Still holding his bleeding face, the man turned and ran. 

"That... was interesting." 

She dismissed her dagger. "Men are goddamned idiots." Glancing at him, she snorted. "Please, when your brain is in your pants, I'm fairly certain you'll turn into a fool as well." She started to walk off, but halted. "Shit, I have a job." Crossing her arms, she seethed. 

He chuckled and continued walking. "I take it this sort of thing happens a lot?"

"Part of the reason I like jobs where I can kill them after I'm done with them." 

"Hm." 

Once they were back in the main keep, she jumped back into the rafters and pulled out her sketchbook. 

A little while later, he sighed and rubbed his neck.

"You really should do something about that." She slid off the rafter. "I'll gladly help you."

He eyed her with suspicion. "I bet you will."

She rolled her eyes. "I can give you a simple neck rub and maintain your dignity. Just sit and let me work."

"Fine." He sat down. 

She ran her hands over his neck and shoulders, before slipping them under the edge of the armor. Soon, he was groaning under her attentions. "Good lord, you're a mess. Have you ever had this done?" She worked him out. 

"You're excellent at that."

"If you'd give me a chance, I'd attack your back. I bet you got some nasty knots in the rest of you."

"Stick to the neck, thank you." 

"Sure, sure." Releasing him, she held up her hands. "How's that doing ya?" 

Shifting and rolling his shoulders, he grinned. "That's impressive." 

"Cool." She jumped back up into the rafters and tugged out her sketchbook.

He eyed her for a moment, before going back to his work. 

After the last delegate left for the day, he shifted his papers around with a frown. Curiosity tugged at him and he looked up. Following her hand, he blinked. "Are you... masturbating?" 

"Cut me a break, I haven't had a dick in like six hours." 

Blinking, he calculated. "While I was meeting with Mathias?"

"Yes." She tugged her hand out of her pants. "After you go to bed, I'll attack me a guard. I've been eyeing a couple of candidates." She licked her lips. 

"I..." He just stared. "I have no idea how to take that."

"Not your job." She shrugged. Sliding off the rafter, she landed at his feet. "Unless you're volunteering." She eyed him.

"I am not."

She shrugged. "Suit yourself. I'll do the night checks, and then you can go on to bed. Think about that back rub." She winked. "I'll turn you to mush and it'll be fabulous." 

He found himself lying in bed, just thinking about her. She spent her nights finding all of the little and interesting secrets about the castle. Finding several hidden passages, she began to mark them out in her sketchbook. Once she was satisfied, she snuck back into his room and sat in the window, just watching. Gods, he was beautiful. She'd give anything to slip her mouth over that dick. 

The following day, she sat in her usual spot while he worked. She was glad to notice his movements weren't as stiff or pained as they had been. It was fairly late when he was finally alone, just piddling with paperwork. 

She dropped down. "Want to go get a beer?"

"Huh?"

"A beer? There's a bar nearby. You can toss on a cloak, nobody will bother you, and we'll make a thing of it." 

"Hm... why?"

"Because I want a drink, and I have to babysit you." She snorted. "Come on, it'll be fun."

"Sure." 

He followed her out in a hooded cloak and wondered why in hell he felt compelled to do this. 

She shoved the bar door open. "The WHORE is IN!" She cried, as she sauntered through. The patrons cheered at her. Wiggling her butt, she made her way to the bar. "Sonny! Two beers. My silent buddy here wants a drink. 

"Anything for you, Lu." He passed em over. 

"Thank ye, kindly." She kissed him on the cheek. Whistling, she sat down next to Varian and passed him the mug. 

"Come on, Lu! Sing!" The barkeep called. 

"Aw, no. Not tonight." She laughed and shook her head. "I just wanted a drink for my parched throat." 

"Sing! Sing! Sing!" The bar began to chant. 

"Oh, fine!" She turned red and brushed her hair back. "Any requests?" 

They began to yell suggestions at her, and finally she giggled, hopped up and sat on the bar. Immediately, she threw her head back and began to sing a saucy tune. All around her seemed to be entranced by her song. Varian marveled at the strange glow. Soon, she had sung four different songs, before flopping back down next to him. 

"Do that often?" He murmured.

She shrugged. "Meh." She chugged the beer. "Now I really am thirsty." 

A man flopped down in the chair opposite them. "I'm fucking sick of you." He growled. 

"Oh, Sam." She sighed. "It couldn't be helped."

"I don't want to hear your fucking lies, you worthless shit!" 

"Sam! Stop harassing Elunara!"

"Its fine, Sonny. He has every right to be angry with me." 

Sam reached out and yanked Elunara's shirt. "Meet me outside!" He growled, before turning and leaving.

"Just stay in here." She whispered to Varian. "I'll be right back." She followed after Sam. 

Varian waited until she was out of earshot, before following behind her. He followed the pair behind the building, and leaned against the wall, unseen. 

"Alright, Sam. What have you got this time?"

"SHUT UP!" He growled. Grabbing the front of her shirt, he shook her. "You stupid bitch, you took my wife from me and all you had to say was "SORRY"?"

"Sam, there were other issues. It wasn't-"

He cracked her across the face. 

Varian started to step forward, but Elunara merely sighed. "Please, Sam. Take your anger out on me. It was I, and I alone who shoved that blade into her chest."

"YOU LEFT ME ALL ALONE!" He shook her again. "Both of them." He knelt down and wept. "NOW YOU'VE TAKEN BOTH OF THEM!" 

"Both...?" Elunara grabbed Sam's arms. "What happened to Kallie?"

"She won't speak to me!" He wept. "She... She..." He punched Elunara in the face. "THIS IS YOUR FAULT!" 

Elunara continued to stand there as Sam punched her over and over again. When he was near exhausted with it, he crumpled to his knees. 

"Oh, Sam..." She sighed. 

"YOUR FAULT!" He pulled a knife and went after Elunara. She dodged him repeatedly. "THE TWILIGHT WILL FINISH THE JOB FOR ME!" He cried, as he plunged the dagger into his own chest. 

"Sam, NO!" She knelt down and rolled the man over. "Oh, Sam." She sighed and began to search through his clothes. Locating the object she suspected, she sighed. "Just had to follow her, didn't you?"

"Follow her?" Varian stepped out of the shadows. 

"Like I expected a king to follow instructions." She snorted. "Sam here; was married to a lady named Veronica. Veronica was a twilight cultist. I had been tracking her movements for months, trying to find the opening in her story. Then one day, she decided to sacrifice her own daughter. I was... late, but Kallie was stronger than her mother expected. Kallie killed her own mother in order to survive. I took the blame so that no one knew." 

"That's amazing."

"Meh. Well, I've already busted protocol to hell, want to help me bust it some more?"

"By...?"

"I have to search Sam's house. That last little bit about the twilight means that he's a cultist now too." She sighed. 

"Then let's go." 

Leading the way, she made it down to the little one room apartment Sam had restricted himself to. Varian watched with interest as she meticulously took the place apart and managed to make it look untouched when she finished. Her mission complete, she jerked her head. They made their way to SI:7 headquarters. She led the way to a records room and she began to systematically go through them. Pulling the desired file, she flipped it open and compared notes. 

"Fuck." She hissed. 

"What?"

"It's the Twilight Hammer who has a hit on your head." She shoved him the file. "Translation notes."

"I trust your judgment at this point." 

Nodding, she tucked the file away. 

"Excuse me!"

Elunara spun around. "Shit."

"Yes. "Shit." Why do you have a stranger in our records room?" Mathias crossed his arms. 

Varian tugged the hood back. "No stranger than you." 

Mathias' eyebrows shot up. "Elunara... the amount of trouble you are in, may ACTUALLY be a record for you." 

She raked her fingers through her hair. "Yeah, I get that, but I got my first new lead on our assassin." She handed over the papers and objects she had found.

"Well, damn." Mathias flipped through. "That being said, you're going BACK on probation, instead of outright suspension." 

"Am I ever off?" She snorted. "Sir." She hastily added.

"While this is being dealt with, you are off assignment, pending-"

"Actually..." Varian interrupted. "I rather prefer her to stay right where she is."

Elunara blinked.

Mathias smacked his forehead. "Elunara, can you keep your hands off of ANYONE?"

"But... I didn't!" 

"She actually didn't." Varian shook his head. "I've found her company rather enjoyable. This is the first interesting thing I've had happen to me in months." He chuckled. "I see why you find her so valuable. So, please, let's not be hasty." 

"Hey, he's the king and all... sir." Elunara jerked her thumb.

Mathias just sighed. "Fine." 

Elunara ran her fingers through her hair. "Thanks for saving my ass." 

"Well, he did tell me you were a pain in the ass."

"I'm sure he put it more eloquently than that." 

"He did." Varian nodded. 

"You know, I could still give you that back rub." 

He grinned. "Well, I think I'll take you up on that." 

"Sweet." Winking, she licked her lips. "Get down to your pants and lay on your belly. If you want a real go at it, you can always get completely naked." She shrugged. 

She waited outside of his door until he called her in. Slipping into the door, she grinned at his naked body. "Well, then." Climbing on his back, she ran her hands on his back. "Be prepared to pass out." She worked on him for a couple of hours, digging her way through knots as he groaned. 

"You're obscenely good at that." 

"I've been studying male anatomy for over twenty years. My entire existence revolves around men and what I can do to their bodies. I've studied muscle structure, and how to work with it. I'm a pleasure creature." She sat up on her knees. "There ya go. You should sleep a lot easier now." 

He turned over under her. "Not quite." Licking her lips, she looked down at his erection. "Ooo, it's as pretty as I thought."

"Pretty?"

She shifted and slid down him. "Oh, yes." She ran her tongue up the length of him. He groaned and buried his fingers in her hair. "Tasty too." Working her way around, she licked him. Soon she slipped her lips over the tip. Up and down she went, taking in the full of him with sucking movements.

"Gods!" Shuddering, he let go in her mouth. 

Discretely, she emptied her mouth off the side, before returning to lick him.

Chuckling, he threaded his fingers in her hair. "How about you come up here?"

She crawled up the length of his body, stopping to drag her tongue across his chest. "Mm, you're delicious all over." 

He shoved her over. "My turn to see if the same is true of you." She giggled as he slowly tugged her shirt up, sliding his mouth up her belly. Tugging the shirt up, he freed her breasts, before kissing his way around them. He kissed a nipple before sucking gently on it. Pleased at her writhing, he continued to torment her nipples with his tongue and mouth. He wrapped the shirt around her wrists and moved his hands down her body.

Gently, he tugged the pants down, slowly exposing those soft hairs. He kissed his way down, skipping over her center, in favor of her hips. In the crease of her leg, he licked, and teased, before making his way down her leg. He shoved it up, spreading her legs out, as he ran his mouth across to the ankle. She shivered and arched her back, gasping, she began to shake. 

Chuckling, he kissed her foot. "Someone already finished."

"Oh, Gods, don't stop." She whimpered. 

"I had no intention." He went forward and licked her flat, causing her to jolt. Slipping his fingers in, he spread her out, licking the inside of those soft folds. She writhed and wiggled under his attentions, her hands still trapped in the shirt. Chuckling, he shifted upwards and buried himself in those slick folds. Rocking his hips, he took possession of her mouth, his hands roaming her body, as she arched and shook against him. 

Afterwards, she lay beside him and scribbled in her sketchbook.

"Ok, I have to ask, what the deal with the book?" He ran his hand over her back.

"My secondary, less known, compulsion is the desire to draw and write." Grinning at him, she kissed his nose. "Even if it IS in code, no you can't see." 

"You're rather affectionate."

"Do not confuse it with true affection and especially not love. I'm not really capable of either emotion." 

"Hm." He traced her hip with his fingers. "Do you know why I decided to have sex with you?"

"Not really."

"Because you'd rather take punishment from an irate husband, than let a child take the blame."

She jerked a shoulder. "The kid was just trying to live. There was no sense in letting her be further traumatized." 

"Mathias told me that you think your emotions are broken. I think they're just buried somewhere." 

"You're not the first to have that theory." She sighed and closed her book. "I've been spending time with people, trying to understand how they "feel". The end result; is I actually try very hard to protect people's feelings. I'm not very good at it, because I'm selfish to the core. Even before..." She shook herself and turned on her side. "Listen, you should know that I was banished from Darnassus."
