 She woke up chained to a rock. Blinking at her bonds, she realized she was in a really stupid position. Rolling her eyes, she turned her head. Behind her, several cultists were discussing a book. 

"I hope you're not expecting a VIRGIN sacrifice!"

They froze. "Why not?" Asked one.

"Honey, I haven't been a virgin in twenty years!"

"Stop with your lies!"

"Seriously, you moron. I'm a Night Elf, I'm in my forties. Hell, it's been longer than twenty years, and probably only a week since my last dick." She snorted. "And why the hell did you chain me like this? I'm supposed to be on my back, facing the heavens!"

"See, I TOLD you that you read the diagram wrong!" One of them hissed. 

"What do YOU know of our sacred rights?"

She rolled her eyes and sighed. "Because I'm a high priestess, you dumbfuck!"

"Prove it!"

"Page twelve, paragraph three, fourth row, CLEARLY states that you must have, and I quote... "A virginal sacrifice, a being of such pure chastity, that their presence may be known throughout the land. Our Goddess of pain and desire wishes to be the only one to taint such a creature." End quote." 

The three men looked down at the book, before scrambling to unlock her from the rock. 

Yanking the book out of their clutches, she flipped to the appropriate page. "Godess, you're all fucking idiots. You didn't even draw the casting circle correctly" She pulled a piece of chalk out of one of the men's hand, and began to systematically draw on the ground. She was completely naked, and all of them stared at her ass. "You must use precise, clear strokes. If you don't do it right, nothing will happen."

"Forgive us priestess." 

"Well, we'll do this right." She flipped through the book. "Now, everyone must be positioned like so..." She considered. "First we must deal with our virgins. You DO realize that, by "virgin" it means male or female, right?"

"What? But, we thought..."

She snorted and snapped the book closed. "Every one of you, who remains a virgin, could be considered a sacrifice. Two things would happen, either she denies you as a servant and the summoning doesn't complete... or the summoning goes through and she rips through all of you like so much fodder."

"What should we do?" Stammered one.

"Ugh, you're all so helpless!" She tossed up her hands. "Fine, I will help you YET again. Those of you that remain virgins, may fuck me until you come. That will fix you."

They looked around and muttered at each other. "All of us?" Asked one.

"If you are all virgins, then yes." She leaned back on the rock and propped her leg up. "Well, line up, get to it. If you're not sure if you qualify, give it a go anyway." 

Far in the distance, a figure in a tree smacked his forehead.

"Come on, don't be shy." She slicked her fingers through her wet folds. "I have already given my body to our goddess, and now I offer it to you."

Nervously, they shifted back and forth, mumbling to each other. 

"You there!" She jabbed her finger at the man. "You are the leader, and you should go first." 

"Me?" He squeaked. Clearing his throat he walked over. "But, priestess, this is most unusual."

"No it's not." She snorted. "Orgies happen all the time in rights. In fact..." She flipped through the pages. "Right here." In the book, she pointed to a diagram. "See?"

The man took the book and blinked down. "Uh, well... we didn't get that far in the book..." 

Smacking her palm to her forehead, she sighed. "By the Goddess! Are you ALL so completely useless?"

"I said we should have read the whole thing first." One of the others hunched his shoulders. 

"Alright, hike the robes and start stroking those dicks; we have an orgy to prepare."

"But..."

She yanked his robe up and wrapped her hand around his dick. "As much as you protest, honeybunch, you sure are turned on by this." Shoving him around into position, she stooped down and wrapped her mouth around the tip of his dick. With precise and controlled movement, she drove him mad with her mouth and fingers. He shook with the force of it, as she moved out of the way. As he blinked down, she grinned up at him. "That's party number one."

The man scrambled back from her, and the second stood up. "I offer my body." He breathed.

"I just thought you might." She winked. Sliding back on the rock, she propped her hands behind her, and spread her legs wide. "Enter me. In the name of our Goddess." 

He stepped forward, running his hands on her legs. "In... the name..." He tugged his robes up, freeing his hardened dick from the confines. "Of the Goddess." He shoved himself into her with a groan."

"Now that's the ticket." She laid her head back and groaned. "Give it to me." She growled. 

Thrusting back and forth, he pumped in and out of those tight folds and thought he'd found the heaven he'd searched after. 

"GIVE TO ME!" She called. "I can handle more than this! For the GODDESS, I COMMAND YOU!" 

The second man pulled himself free and fell back on his ass. Another stepped up and took his place. Soon, the rest of the cultists circled her. She reached out, and tugged up robes, taking a pair of dicks in her hands. With expert moves, she jacked the pair off, letting them explode over her prone body. When another filled her, he stepped back. Leaning over, she slipped her mouth over another cultist.

"Never would I have..." The next stepped forward. "None would have me."

"I need not your confessions; I need to purify your body with my own! Give to me!"

They continued on, in a frenzied orgy of dicks and movements. When she could not take another into her, she took them into her hands, and played with them using her mouth. 

"GIVE YOURSELF TO THE GODDESS!" She called, when the last of them finished his job and moved back into the crowd, she stood and straddled the giant rock. "ACCEPT THIS OFFERING OF MY BODY AND THEIRS!"

When the crowd of men held their arms up and stared at the sky, she swiftly ran through the lot, slitting throats as she went. They all collapsed together. With a snort, she dug through their affects and was gone in an instant.

"You just can't help yourself can you?" Her contact snorted.

"A girl's got to eat." She tossed the book into his hands.