 "Listen, Honey, Stranglethorn Vale is no place for a sweet little night elf like you."

Elunara sighed. "Look, I'm on commission from the SI:7, here are my orders." She held up the paper. "All I'm really asking; is for you to get me to my drop off point."

"Aw, let her, Robert." Another man snorted. 

Robert rubbed his neck. "We just don't have the man power to protect her." He put his hands on his hips.

"I don't need protecting." Elunara shook her head. "I have orders, and I intend to follow them to the letter. Either you let me on yours or I'll go on someone else's." 

"Fine!" He yanked the sheet out of her hand and skimmed it. "But you stay in the center of the wagon and you stay quiet. I won't have your whining drawing attention to us." 

Rolling her eyes, Elunara climbed into the back of the wagon. 

A few days into their trip, one of the men leaned over to Robert. "Sir, I know... I know what you said, but... she's starting to freak me out, and I'm not the only one. She just sits there, never speaking, barely blinking. It's... weird."

Robert sighed. "I'll speak to her."

He made his way over to where she was sitting, quietly drawing on that sketchpad of hers. "Elunara?"

"Hm?" She didn't so much as flinch. 

"I didn't mean for you to stop existing." 

She blinked up at him. "Huh?"

"Well, it's just... when I told you to stay quiet..." He fiddled with his hat. "I didn't mean for you to shut down on us. You can... communicate." 

"Oh." She shrugged. "I didn't want to be a bother."

"Well, I..." He blinked down at her sketchpad. "Is that what you've been doing this whole time?"

She went back at her sketchpad. "It's all I ever do." She shrugged. "My assignment is to chart the area with my work."

"I... I can see how important that is." He breathed. He sat down next to her. "Show me more."

She gave him a cat smile. "Oh, I'll show you plenty." 

Sitting up front, she catalogued the scene as they worked their way through. When the cart broke an axle, she helped get it fixed. When one of the horses came up lame, she helped nurse it. 

Robert leaned up against her. "We should keep you around." He wiggled his eyebrows. 

Giggling, she pushed him away. 

The other men noticed the exchange and rolled their eyes. 

"Looks like Robert finally found his match." Said one. 

"Five gold says he proposes by the end of our run." Said another. 

When they stopped for the night, he made his bed next to hers. She rolled her eyes at the arm around her waist. 

She awoke to rough hands yanking her up. The entire caravan was hauled away. As she looked around, she grinned, her targets had found her. Her months of studying the troll languages in Durotar was about to pay off.

"We found seven men and one woman." The trolls stopped in the center of a ruin. 

The largest troll turned from his position at a giant slab. "A weak haul." He began to examine the prisoners. His attentions turned on the female night elf. He tugged at her ears. "Fascinating creature." He turned her face back and forth. 

"LEAVE HER ALONE!" 

He turned his attention to the men. "Hm." He sniffed. His attention went back to the night elf creature and gave her deep sniff. He laughed. "Do ya smell that, mon?" 

The troll holding on to Elunara sniffed. He began to laugh. "That I do." 

"Yes, she'll be perfect. Prep her!" He gestured. "Then, prep the men." He growled. 

She was stripped naked, scrubbed down, and adorned with jewelry of bone and teeth. Around her waist, she was given a belt of tusks. They chained her face down to a slopped alter that put her ass in the air. The men from the caravan were forced to kneel in front of her alter. She sat up, her arms bound behind her. 

"Elunara!" Robert tried to stand, tears in his eyes, but one of the trolls knocked him back down. 

"Execute them."

At once, most of the men had their throats slit; their blood splatters stained one end of the altar. One of the trolls grabbed Robert by the hair. "Elunara..." He whimpered. She gave a small wince as his blood splashed her face. 

"Curious..." The lead troll grabbed her face. "There is something there..." He began to laugh. "Or should I say... a lack of something there. Was he your lover?" He cocked his head to the side. "You understand me."

She began to sniffle. 

"Oh, stop." He rolled his eyes. "You care less than I do." He shoved her face. "Since you understand me, mon, I'll do you the honor of telling you what I plan to do with you." He laughed. Shoving her head down against the altar, he shoved his finger into her slick hole. After a couple of pumps, he put the hand to his mouth and sucked her off of his finger. "You're delightfully wet. But I smelled that on you. You see, this is a very special altar. To empower it, we cover it in the various body fluids that can be produced. Blood is very powerful, but the female juices..." He shoved his dick into her. "Those are the most potent." He continued to hold her small body down as he worked in and out of her. "For every man that fucks you, we get more powerful. And we'll continue to fuck you until you become a broken shell and the magic begins to wane. Then we'll slit your throat and find a new hole." 

The other trolls began to laugh. 

The leader released himself, before moving around to the front, and yanking her up to his face. "Most don't last very long... but you..." He licked the side of her face. "You are already broken, but... not in that way." She shivered as the next troll shoved himself into her. "You enjoy it." He whispered. "I see it in your eyes. As hard as you are, I can see it in the back of your eyes... I wonder how many we can stuff into you before you stop enjoying it." He shoved her face against the altar. "Bind her down." 

A pair came around and tied her wrists to the ground, immobilizing her to the altar. 

"Fill her up and perform the ritual." He pat her on the head. "Perhaps you'll survive long enough to birth us an abomination and we can sacrifice it on the altar while you watch." 

Her usual ruse gone, she decided to enjoy herself. All in all, it wasn't the most unpleasant of positions, and she briefly wondered if there was a way to make furniture at the same angle. It then occurred to her that she'd actually need a residence to put the thing. She itched for her sketchbook, but knew she was going to have to wait until the idiots fell asleep. 

She was unsure as to what was more absurd, the reason they were currently filling her up with their goo, or the fact that some of the trolls were taking efforts to make sure she got some enjoyment out of it. She was already up to her tenth orgasm, and decided it would make a fascinating record to see how many she could eek out in a day. Damn, she wanted her sketchpad.

Night fell and the bonfires were lit. They began dancing around her, while one of the trolls shoved their fingers in and out, all over again. The altar was tilted, and she could feel the sticky liquid running out of her. The lead troll came up to her again and jerked her face up. He searched her eyes. 

Grinning, he leaned forward. "Oh, yes, we'll keep you for a looong time."

"Are you going to fuck my mouth, or are you just limiting it to my pussy?" She asked, in his language. 

He jerked back and blinked. "What?"

"Usually, you rape types like to shove my mouth over your cock. So, am I going to get to taste some troll dick today, or do I have to wait on some willing specimens?"

After a moment, he began to laugh. "You're... completely crazy." 

"Not the first time I've heard it." She licked her lips. "How about it?"

"So you can steal my mojo? Not a chance, you filthy creature." 

"How about you release me and I show you how filthy I can get." She gave him a feral smile.

He released her and stepped back. "You..." He shook himself. "YOU will make a worthy sacrifice when we're done with you!" 

"Look, you keep the steady stream of dicks in my pussy, and I'll keep lying here like a good little sacrifice." 

"Enough with your trickery!"

"What's with the fear, sugar?" She did her best to cock her head to the side. "I'm the one tied up... you're the big bad troll leader." 

He shoved her head against the altar. "That's RIGHT! You foul little bitch!" He snapped his fingers, and the other trolls stopped dancing and knelt before the altar, holding their hands in the air. The leader pulled out a troll fetish. They began to chat and call; and he shoved the end of it into her wet center. She watched the ritual with some fascination. 

Something went wrong, and she knew not what. They cowered backwards and began to shriek. The leader called out and began to laugh. He yanked the fetish out and licked the base of it. Soon, they all began to laugh, as he plunged it in and out of her repeatedly, letting each troll have a lick at it. Finally, he shoved it back into her, and left it. 

They began to chant and praise, before gathering as a war party and disappearing. She sat there watching the mess in baffled amazement. When she was certain they were all gone, she untied herself and got to work. 

In the morning, she awoke to a dick being shoved into her. "I don't know what's special about you, little bitch." She rolled her eyes at the leader of the trolls fucking her. "But..." He leaned forward and licked his way up her back. "You give good juju to my trolls. We took down an entire camp of those obnoxious ogres."

"Well, good for you." She snorted. "If you wish to keep me in good working order, food would be useful."

"Hm. You have a point." He licked her back again. "Perhaps when I finally sacrifice you, I'll keep these folds of yours and have them made into pants, so I can always have them against my dick."

"If that would please you." She shrugged. 

"You are terrifyingly calm." He muttered. "Maybe I'll spare you... make you my pet."

"Not going to happen." She snorted.

"Want to bet?" He growled.

"Want to know how many have tried?" Before he could blink, she was free of her bonds, flipped around and holding her dagger to his throat. "I'm way scarier than you are, sugar, and I've had just about enough of this ruse."

He awoke later, groaning. Trying to put his hand to his head, he found himself trapped. Wildly, he looked around. 

"Aw, you're awake. How nice." 

He jerked his head and stared at her.

"Fun little role reversal huh?" She ran her fingers across his chest and belly. "Don't bother screaming, they're all dead already." She trailed her fingers across his dick. "A bit disconcerting being trapped at someone else's mercy, huh?"

"What do you want?"

"First? To draw you." She held up her sketchpad. "Then, to study you. I don't get my hands on many trolls. Then... to entertain myself with you." She grinned. "Meanwhile, you and I are going to have a little chat." Using both hands, she rubbed back and forth on his dick. "You be a good boy, and it'll go a little something like this..." She licked the length of him and he groaned. "But, lie to me..." She bent the stiffened dick in half. Smiling at his screech, she patted his belly. "You get the idea."

"YES! YES! Oh, please YES!"

"Yes, MISTRESS, thank you very much." 

"Yes, Mistress." He whimpered.

"Good boy!" She ran her fingers up the length of him. "You know, troll dicks are quite lengthy. Fascinating shape too." 

"Could..." He gasped. "Could you..."

"You aren't asking me for any favors, are you?" She cocked her eyebrow.

"Could you have escaped...?"

"From the beginning? Yes."

"You... sacrificed them." He panted. 

"Them?" She cocked her head to the side. "OH! The humans. Unfortunate. I was merely using them for transportation. Shame about... uh... Roger? No, uh, ROBERT! Yeah, that guy. Bummer. He was kind of nice." She shook her head and added more detail to her sketchpad. "I was going to ditch them off later the next day and offer myself up. I had no idea they'd get caught." 

"Offer?"

"I do this a lot, sugar." She turned his dick this way and that, lifted his balls and gave them an inspection. "Usually, I go for the innocent rapee, but this time I got a bit off my game. You're the first to recognize the deadness." She tapped his belly with her pencil. "I'm impressed. Too bad you're a filth pile." She licked the tip of his dick, before sliding her mouth over. She tugged back. "Hm, not a bad taste... the little early stuff is ok..." She ran her thumb across the wetness that seeped out of him. "Not bad at all." 

"You! You're crazy!"

"Again, not the first time I've heard that." She lifted his balls and inspected his ass. "Fascinating." Taking one of her rounded tools, she pushed it in. She recorded his scream in her book. "Gods, why are men such pussies about that?" She snorted. "You have a wider hole, and yet I can take em better." She wiggled the rod. "About average reaction." She dislodged it and cleaned it off. 

"What is WRONG with you?"

"Asks the idiot who wanted to get me knocked up to sacrifice the baby. Even I'm not THAT psychotic." She rolled her eyes and continued to work on her book. She shifted the skin of his dick and made notations. "So, my new play toy... let's talk." 

She worked him for hours, and just as the sun began to set, he was a whimpering, shivering mass. 

"Aw, you've been a good boy." She patted his dick. Pulling her hand away, she giggled at the sticky mess in her palm. She licked it. "Delicious."

"You've... You've stolen... my mojo." He whimpered.

"But you've done so well!" She smiled at him and brushed her fingers over his cheek. "Would you like released?" Her grin went feral. "Like I promised?"

"Please... mistress." He panted.

She raked her dagger across his throat. "See? A quick release, just as I promised." She smiled at his corpse. Digging out her tools and a fresh book, she dissected the corpse for her special details.