 "You know, this place has some seriously shitty protection." 

Varian jerked up and looked to the rafters. "Elunara!"

"Howdy, sugar sauce." She dropped down. 

"It's been awhile." He leaned against the table and grinned.

"Five freaking years." She laughed. "I'm starting to suspect that Mathias purposely assigns me away from Stormwind."

Varian scratched his cheek. "Might have something to do with me putting in a personal request."

"Now you've done it." She snorted. "There's another sneaky plot, so I got called in." 

"I won't lie; I think I might be pleased."

Rolling her eyes, she leapt back onto the rafter. "Men." She popped out her sketchbook. From her viewpoint in the rafters, she watched all. At the end of the night, she dropped down. "You know I have to check before I can let you in." 

Stepping up to her, he slid his hands down the back of her pants. "You said this was all it took." 

Laughing, she pushed him back. "Let me secure the room first." When she opened the door again, she grinned at him. "Well? Get to it."

He pushed the door closed and slid his hands under her shirt and caressed her breasts. "There have been times, over the years; that I get a near desperate craving for you, and I've never been able to find you. It's quite frustrating, actually." 

"Mm, take it up with Mathias." 

He tugged her shirt up and over her head, before licking between her breasts. "Yeah, like I'm going to admit to that." His fingers found her nipples and tugged. "There's one fantasy, that's been driving me half mad." 

"You know I'll fulfill anything you can throw at me." 

"Mm, good." He turned her around and pushed her face forward on the bed. 

"Oo, I like this. Going to spank me while you're at it?" She grinned. 

"I just might." He slipped both of his hands down her pants, cupping her ass and squeezing. Slowly, he tugged her pants down, taking time to kiss her ass cheeks, before working down to her legs. Spreading her open with his thumbs, he licked the inside. She shivered and groaned. Standing up, he tugged himself free of his pants, slipped in and began to work his way in and out of her gloriously slick folds. "Gods, how are you so tight?"

Gasping, she clung to the bed. "I work out." 

He smacked her ass and had her jolting. "That's for disappearing for five damned years." He growled. 

"Gods, give it to me." She panted. 

As he pounded himself in and out, he smacked her ass again. "That's for worming your way into my brain." His fingers dug into her ass as he filled her. 

"Mm, Varian, someone went aggressive."

"Geez, I'm sorry." He rubbed her ass. 

"What part of "give it to me" did you miss?" She winked. 

Dislodging himself, he began to undress.

She curled up on the bed and just watched him. "You know, I've never come across a man with a body quite like yours."

He grinned. "Really?"

"Mm, you are quite stacked. Tasty too, but who's counting?" She winked. "Been looking forward to getting my hands on you again." 

"So what have you been up to?" He climbed in bed and tugged her on top of him.

"What else? Fucking anything willing to get hard for me." Sliding back on him, she bucked her hips up, before sliding down with a groan. "I want a copy of your dick. It would be my greatest treasure."

He chuckled and grabbed her hips. "Only if I can get a copy of your pussy." 

"I guess some things were meant to be one of a kind." She groaned, as she began to buck her hips up and down. Together, they worked her over until she collapsed on top of him. 

Putting her arms on his chest, she grinned. "You're just pretty."

"Ugh, my reputation."

Chuckling, she pressed her lips to his. 

"You know, I'm going to regret asking..."

"Hm?"

"But what's the most you've ever had in a day?"

"Individual men? Or repeated fucks?"

"Individual."

"Twenty three."

He choked. "What? How? How is that even...?"

"My usual scam, is that I leave myself in the position of being captured, and presenting myself as a tempting target for abuse. So, they drag me back to their camps, and let anyone have a go that wants to. Usually, this goes on for hours, before they give up and dump me off. When they're done with me for the day, I pop up and raid their camp. The biggest camp that's ever been at me was twenty three. And that's only the ones that participated."

"Oh Gods, I'm so sorry." 

"Why are you apologizing?" She cocked her head to the side. "I'm the one who came up with it. I actually quite enjoy it."

"You..."

"Addicted to sex, remember?" Shrugging, she twirled her finger on his chest. "One of these days I hope to break the record." 

"I feel nauseous." 

"You asked. I guess my compulsive honesty can be an issue." 

"I'm more concerned about the people that would DO such a thing to a person."

"Don't worry; I slit all of their throats when I've gotten all I need."

"I imagine you would." He said quietly.

"Oh, don't be like that. It never bothers me. I rather enjoy it. What does bother me; is the thought that they might come across an innocent person and do it to them; or even how many they might have done before me. No one is like me. I know that much." 

He rubbed his hands on her back. "It just seems awful."

"That's what everyone keeps telling me." She kissed his chest. "I'm sorry I ruined your night." 

With a sigh, he closed his eyes. "I just keep imagining you in pain."

"What you SHOULD be imagining, is how much I enjoy having my holes filled, repeatedly, at any given moment."

"That's... vivid." Rubbing her ass, he considered. He licked his lips and grinned. "How about I show you how it's supposed to be done?"

"Oh, I'm always up for instruction." She winked. 

The next day, he wondered why it brought him a small measure of happiness; that she was once again sitting up in the rafters while he worked. He was dealing with a particularly irate man, when she began to softly sing. Everyone paused and looked at up at her. Her voice rose and she swayed her head, getting into the soft and beautiful music. Concluding her mystical song, she returned to drawing as if nothing happened. 

"What was THAT?" The man whispered. 

"I have no idea." Varian blinked. Shaking his head, he turned to the man. "You were saying?" 

"I... don't actually remember." The man shook his head and walked away.

After the man had left, Varian turned to her. "What WAS that?"

"Years ago, I found my singing can calm most beasts and some men. You were having a time with that little weasel, so I figured I'd give it a go." 

"Thank you." 

She shrugged. 

Later that night, she dropped down beside him. "That little brown haired chick desperately wants your title."

"Who? Oh, uh... Misty?" He stretched. "What makes you say that?"

"Because she's certainly not after your dick." Elunara shook her head. "She ALWAYS referred to you as "King Wrynn" with all of her emphasis on "king". "Often, she didn't bother to use Wrynn, and she never once tried to call you Varian. On top of that, she spent less time checking you out and more time looking down hallways and trying to figure the lay out. One COULD claim that she was looking for your bedroom, but every time she passed a shiny surface, she checked her hair and makeup, meaning she's egotistical and vain. She doesn't give a damn about politics, or basically anyone else."

"A fascinating assessment."

"Don't tell me you like her."

"Gods no, she's an obnoxious little twit." 

"In any event, her claim of coming to support her brother was just another shit lie."

"How so?"

"Every time he got emotional over the topic, she'd roll her eyes and fiddle with her hair."

"Emotional? I heard no emotion in his argument."

"Well, I guess you're not as well trained as I am. You'd hear it in the slight hitch in his voice, the increased speed of his breathing, and the occasional, suppressed sniffle."

Varian stopped and stared. "I do believe I should hire you as a consultant."

"Sorry, Sugar. The last time I was put in charge of a diplomatic situation, they STILL call it the "Elunara Principle". And of course, remember, I got myself a "kill on sight" on my ass from Darnassus. My employment might be taken as a declaration of war." 

"Hm."

"I bet Misty goes home and primps in the mirror, calling herself "The Queen of Stormwind"." Elunara snorted. 

Varian snorted a laugh. "I bet she does." 

The next night, she slid off the rafters. "I was warned about taking you outside of the keep at night."

"Were you now?"

"Of course, I've been warned about a lot of things." 

He laughed out loud. "I bet you have. Living up to "difficult to handle and impossible to control"?"

She snorted. "Where do you think it comes from?" She jerked her head. "Come on, let's go get some drinks." 

He tossed on the cloak and followed her down the street. "Same one?"

"Nah, I got another I want to hit. They have-" She jolted as she was hit with a bucket of liquid. 

Varian jolted back and grabbed his nose. "Oh, that's sick."

"HEY!" She jerked her finger up. "YOU WORTHLESS CUNT BUCKET! TAKE THAT SHIT OUT BACK! NOT THE GODDAMNED STREET!"

"WHO THE FUCK WALKS AT MIDNIGHT?"

"It's unsanitary you fuck nugget! You keep that out of the main street, or so help me I'll come up there and slit you fucking THROAT!"

"FUCK OFF!"

"YOU WANNA TRY IT?"

The shutters slammed shut.

Elunara vividly cuss and swore, as she yanked her clothes off and tossed them to the side. Completely naked, she began to scribble runes on the ground with a chalk. Once she was satisfied, she stood in the center, took a deep breath and held up her hands to activate the runes. At once, she was surrounded with bubbling water. After a few minutes, she released and the water dropped to the ground. 

"Ah, much better."

"How... how did you DO that?"

"Stolen magic." She put her hands on her hips. With a sigh, she began to walk again.

Varian put the cloak over her shoulders. "Don't you want your stuff?"

"I don't have pockets in my clothes."

"Uh, where does the book come from?"

"I summon it. More stolen magic." She considered. "I guess I should go find more clothes. The leather shop is probably down for the night."

"What about your place?"

"Don't have one. I sleep wherever I fuck." 

"That's... a little sad."

"Why do people keep saying that?"

"Don't you have a place to rest and relax? Keep little trinkets and keepsakes?"

"I best relax by fucking someone, and I never understood the point of keeping something without a use. Everything I own is in a bank vault, or hidden in some location I can summon it from." She shrugged. "The only thing of value to me is my books." 

"Forgive me, but I feel kind of bad for you." 

"That's your deal." She shrugged. "Here we are." How she picked the lock, he didn't know, but the next thing he knew, she was inside. "Let's see... My order should be... ah hah!" She popped the top of a crate and dug out some clothes. Once she was satisfied, she left a note on top of the box. "Still want to get that drink?"

"You both amaze, and confuse me."

"I get that a lot."

In the early morning hours, he awoke to find her wrapped around him. His fingers threaded through her hair and she sighed. She mumbled something he couldn't understand. Softly, he bent down and pressed his lips to hers and she sighed and responded in kind. His fingers brushed down her neck and she shivered under his touch. Gently, he pushed her back against the pillows, and slid himself into those warms, wet folds. 

With a groan, she shifted her legs around his hips, her arms going around his neck. He moved against her, soft and deliberate, enjoying the feel of his skin against hers. They whispered unimportant words, as their bodies responded together. In and out, he slipped, her insides clamping around him, sucking at his erection, desperate to be filled. He let himself go and buried his face in her hair, inhaling her warm scent. 

"Good morning." She whispered with a grin.

"I'll say." He kissed her neck. 

She shivered. "Took you long enough to find that spot."

"This one?" He kissed her neck again.

She giggled and wiggled. "That's the one." 

"I wonder..." He licked it.

With a gasp, she shook beneath him. 

"I think I like this spot." He went for it again. 

Later, he went through his paperwork, with a little hum.

"Father, you're sounding happy today."

Varian grinned. "It's been known to happen." 

"Not really." He shook his head. 

Elunara dropped down. "I'll be back." 

"Alright." Varian smiled at her. 

"Who is that?" Anduin frowned.

"Oh, that's just Elunara. She's... well, she works for the SI:7."

"What's she doing here?"

"Her job." Varian went back to his work. 

Satisfied with her point checks, she made her way back to Varian and went back for the rafters. 

Later that night, when all was asleep, something caught her attention. Her ears pricked up and she followed the faint sound. 

Varian groaned and woke up in time to see her leave. Curious, he began to quietly follow her. 

Silently, she kept following that sound, until she came to a familiar door. With a frown, she cracked it open and slipped inside. 

Greatly concerned, he threw open his son's door. "What are you-?"

She had a man by the throat, her dagger centimeters from the man's eye. When the door was opened, she jerked back, and the man stabbed her in the chest. She buried her dagger in the man's eye hard enough to pin him to the wall. 

"Shit!" She stepped back. "I needed to question him!"

"Father?" Anduin scrambled back, the blankets held up in front of him. 

"You're injured!" He ran over to her. 

She dislodged the knife. "It's not deep. It just looks scary." With a sigh, she searched the man and retrieved a small package. "Well, with any luck, this was what we were after." 

"Father, what's going on? Why is this woman naked?"

Varian winced. "Uh, well..."

"I work better unhindered." She borrowed the cloak from the corpse. "I'll be out of your way now." She disappeared. 

The next day, he found her. "I have to thank you." Varian sighed.

"For what?"

"Saving my son's life, and saving me from an awkward conversation." 

"Eh." She shrugged. "Anyway, I'm on another assignment now."

He brushed her hair back. "Try not to make it another five years."

"I'll do my best." She winked.