 "Ah, Elunara, the agent I wished to see."

She eyed the soldier in the room, before turning back to Mathias. "What did I do now, sir?"

Inwardly, Mathias rolled his eyes. "Nothing. For now. We're changing how we do things here. From now on, you will be taking your orders directly from Captain Johnathan Renwa here."

"I repeat, what did I do now, sir?"

Mathias waved a hand. "There is entirely too much going on right now for me to give all of my agents personal instructions. I am dividing up my taskforce. If anything, you could consider this somewhat of a promotion, given the fact that Captain Renwa here is one of my best, and will be taking direction directly from me. I also know your other requirement, as you can see."

Elunara eyed the man. "Why do all of my promotions manage to feel like demotions?" 

"Because you're you." Mathias sighed. "Deal with it, make it your own. As you always do."

Renwa nodded. "For the good of the Alliance."

"If you say so, sir." Elunara snorted.

Captain Renwa sat behind his desk and fiddled with his paperwork. He had to admit; Elunara was efficient, if a little disturbing to work with. She never said much, wandered off on a hair, and frequently eyed him like a piece of meat. He'd read Mathias' files on the woman, but he had not been expecting that cold air. The repots from Gerald weren't much better. 

The woman in question was currently standing at attention in his office. "Elunara... perhaps we got off on the wrong foot. Mathias has expressed your rejection of changes to your routine, but I believe we could work together, rather than acting as superior and subordinate."

She rolled her eyes. "Unless you're willing to fuck me, I will continue to treat you as an arm of Mathias and no more than that. I understand the changes to the SI:7 were necessary in the long run, but that doesn't mean I have to like them."

He cleared his throat. "Fine, we'll play it your way."

"My way?" She blinked at him. 

"Elunara, I wonder about you. You have been running missions under me for a little over a month now, and I'm curious. You're ruthless, cunning, and strangely efficient. Yet, you're also a woman."

Her eyes went sharp. "Excuse me?"

He held up a hand with a chuckle. "That just makes your attitude just that much more terrifying. Men cannot compare to the brutal anger of a woman on a mission. But, here's what I wonder... do you get an emotional attachment and just bury it effectively, or are you really so depthless?"

She just blinked at him. "Depthless?"

"Are you all that we see here, or are you more? What are the layers to Elunara, the Whore?"

Cocking her hip to the side, she braced her hand. "And what does any of THAT mean?"

"You're a beautiful woman, Elunara."

She flashed a feral grin. "Now, this I understand." She held up a finger. "I have a personal rule."

"Go on."

"Work stays in this room. If you bring work into the bedroom, I leave. If you bring sex into here, I tell Mathias to get me a new commander."

"I agree to those terms." He nodded. "I'll meet you after work in the bar down the street."

"I know the one."

"Meanwhile, here's your work for today." He pushed a packet over. "Tomorrow you start out, tell Gerald."

"I'll go over it with Gerald today. Tonight..." She grinned. "Tonight is for fun."

The door slammed, and Elunara was pressed up against it. Renwa pressed his mouth to hers, dancing expertly. Her hands roamed up, and before he could react, she had his gear off and in the floor.

"Impressive." He gasped. 

"You haven't seen impressive." She went for his mouth again, enjoying the taste of him, and the expert skill of his lips against hers. Yanking off his shirt, she moved down and ran her tongue across his shoulder, before moving her mouth down his hardened chest and stomach. He gasped when she yanked down those pants and licked the length of him. 

His hands crushed into her hair. "Gods." He groaned, as she slipped her mouth over him. By time she took him in completely, he was shivering and sweating, his hands planted against the door. 

She took him down with greedy little slurps. When she felt the throbbing and twitching of his dick, she moved off, and stood back up swiftly; going for his mouth once again. His hands clung to her hair in desperation, as he came across her legs.

"Mm, you're delicious." She ran a finger over the mess and slipped it into her mouth, sucking him off.

His whole body shivered. "I see... why..." He gasped "You're so highly desired."

"I have more to show." She shoved him backwards.

In the morning, she crept out of his place, snagging her envelope on the way out.

Gerald eyed the sauntering night elf. "What canary did the cat snack on last night?" He snorted.

"Renwa."

"By damn." He laughed. 

She handed over the packet. "Did you read it?"

Gerald struck a match and held it out to the bottom of the packet. Together, they watched it burn, before headed out for their assignment.

Weeks later, Renwa whistled to himself as he flipped though his work for the day. "Enter!"

The man walked in. "Hello, son."

"Father!" Renwa smiled and gestured to the chair. "Have a seat."

"I think I'll stand today."

"As you wish."

"Coming up fast, aren't you?" The man smiled. 

"That I am."

"A man in your position needs a good woman behind him."

Renwa laughed. "I need for nothing, father."

"I'm getting old, and I'd rather like to see some grandchildren before I pass on."

Renwa stifled the urge to roll his eyes. "Then our desires do not overlap. You're not that old, father, you're barely sixty."

"I want you to consider an arrangement I made..."

"Father..." Renwa sighed. "No. Marriage isn't on my plate at this moment."

"You need a woman..."

"I have a woman that keeps my bed at night, and I'm pretty happy with the arrangement."

"Just some whore?" His father scoffed. "Pitiful."

"Actually, she prefers to be called "The Whore" last I spoke to her."

"A woman like that would not be marriage material." He snorted. "You need a calm, sweet wife, one who will keep your home, keep your children."

"I prefer someone with a little more teeth." Renwa grinned.

"A quiet, behaved woman is what you need." He insisted."A temporary hellcat is not enough!"

Renwa rubbed his forehead. "Is that all you came for? To discuss my personal life?"

"Of lack thereof." The man snorted. "Just... keep it in mind, will ya?"

"Yes, father" Renwa sighed. 

Softly, slowly, he danced his mouth with hers, even as he rocked his hips in and out, moving in that tight space. She sighed into his mouth, as her fingers threaded through his jet black hair. Her legs came up and slid across the skin of his hips; her feet brushing up and down his legs.

"Gods, you're beautiful." He murmured. She gasped as he went for that sensitive place in her neck. Shifting on his hands, he began to slam in and out of her, his balls smacking against her ass. Pulling out, he shifted again, pressing himself into the tight confines of her ass. 

She gasped and clung to the sheets, her body arching against his, as she took him in inch by slow inch. When he had to the base, he waited, enjoying the clamp and change of her, before continuing his work on that beautiful hole. His teeth racked against a hardened nipple, and he let go with her as she clamped down completely and shivered.

"Mm, I love when you do that." she purred.

He tugged free with a laugh. "A quiet wife wouldn't allow that."

"What?" Her whole body froze.

"Ugh, my annoying father and his silly wedding plans." Renwa rolled over and took Elunara with him. When she lay across his chest, he brushed her hair back and kissed her. "My father was trying to convince me that I needed to find me a quiet wife to settle down with. Complete and utter nonsense." 

She relaxed and grinned at him. "Why bother?"

"Especially when I couldn't keep you as my Mistress." He laughed.

"I am no one's mistress." She sat up and stretched. "You know, I should show you this fun trick with water..."

"Oh?" 

"Get dressed, we're going swimming." She hopped out of bed.

Days later, with his father's words on his mind, Renwa made his way into a jeweler's. He eyed the available selection.

"May I help you?"

"Yes, can I see that pink one there?"

Feeling like a complete idiot, he made his way home. He knew what Elunara was, and he knew her thoughts on marriage. It would have been quicker, and easier, to have given that gold to a random beggar. As it was, this dumb little box was going to burn a hole in his pocket.

She wouldn't be back from assignment for another week, so he had plenty of time to formulate his plan and exe- He pushed open the front door. "Hello?"

"Son." 

"Father, why did you break into my house?"

"Forgive me, but you weren't in your office."

"Lovely."

"Listen... I want you to meet her."

"Meet who, father?"

"Sabella." His father wrung his hands. "I've arranged you a marriage, if you'll have her."

"Father!"

"Please, just MEET her."

"Ugh, fine. If I do, will you drop this nonsense?"

The tension seemed to go out of his body. "Thank you. She'll be in town in two weeks."

"Two... She's not from Stormwind?"

"She's away on travel with her family." The man waved a hand. "Just meet her, and let her tell you her tale."

Renwa sighed and hid the little box in his drawer. 

With Elunara curled up under his arm, he stared at the ceiling. Tomorrow, he had to meet the woman tomorrow. The woman he actually wanted, was in his bed, and yet, a million miles from him. 

"You're a loud thinker." She mumbled.

"Sorry, my father is having me meet some woman tomorrow."

"Oh?"

"He thinks I require a quiet wife." He murmured. "I don't want a quiet wife." 

"What do you want?" 

"You."

"Cute." 

He chuckled. "It is... isn't it?"

Her hand slid down under the covers. "As well as obvious." She stroked the length of him. 

When he groaned, she slid her body over his and captured his mouth. They danced lips and tongue together in a gentle musical mating dance. He explored her mouth, savoring the flavor of her. Bucking her hips, she slid down onto his waiting erection.

The next day, he blinked at the woman who walked into the door to his office. "You must be Sabella."

"Yes." She said quietly. "Our fathers are both eager for us to meet. I know I am supposed to meet you at the inn, but I was just so curious..." 

"That's fine." He stood and smiled at her. "I just finished up work for the day. We can both walk down to the inn together."

"You're very handsome." She blushed.

Over the next few weeks, when Elunara was on assignment, he patiently spent his afternoons in the company of Sabella. He didn't dislike Sabella, he just didn't particularly enjoy her company. The main reason he kept up the contact, was his father's exuberance over the meet ups. It also eased the pain of Elunara's absences.

"Whore, your current assignment will take you deep into twilight territory. You will, as usual, have the Shark to back you up, but this is dangerous and we have no idea where this will lead." 

"You know me." She took the packet. "I love the challenge." 

He took her wrist. "Be careful." Searching her face, he sighed. "Forgive me." He released her. 

She glared at him for a moment, before turning and walking away. 

That night, she came to his door. "You broke my rule." 

"It was a slip, it won't happen again."

"You're right. It won't." She turned and walked away.

Renwa openly stared at Mathias. "She WHAT?"

"She's asked to be assigned to a new commander."

"But, why?"

Mathias raised an eyebrow. "Why, indeed."

In his office, Renwa laid his head on his desk. 

"Sir?"

With a sigh, Renwa straightened himself. "Ah, Jordan, please bring me the reports."

"Sir? Are you ok?"

"I..." He reached out. "I'm fine, give me my reports."

Later that week, he walked through Stormwind, hand in hand with Sabella. How he had wished to do the same with Elunara. Pausing over a bridge, he ran his thumb across the top of her hand. "Sabella." He stooped down and pulled out the small box. "Will you marry me?"

She gave him a benign smile. "Of course."

The next day, his father appeared in his office. "I knew you'd see it my way!"

Renwa sighed and leaned back in his chair. "I guess it was just an eventuality. "

"Cheer up, son, you're getting married, you're not attending a funeral."

"To you."

"This will be an efficient match; I just know it will be."

"If you say so." Renwa ran his fingers through his hair. "Father, were you and mother an arranged match?"

"You know we were. What a silly question."

"And you were happy enough... I guess that's why you want me to do this so badly." 

"Of course, anything to see my son happy."

Over the next few weeks, Renwa buried himself into his work and ignored all of the wedding planning his father was doing. In fact, he had banned his father and Sabella from his work place. A scant four days before the wedding, he pulled himself out of his misery.

"Sir, the..." Jordan frowned at Renwa.

"Forgive me, there's something I must do." Renwa shoved his way out of the office. 

Making his way through town, he found the building that he remembered as Sabella's house. Without waiting for an answer, he shoved the door open. What he found, were many people gathered around in a circle, covered in robes. 

"Cultists!" He gasped and pulled his sword.

One tossed his hood back. "Son! No, it's not..."

Sabella pulled a dagger and shoved into the man's chest. "GRAB HIM! We need him!" 

Renwa fought the cultists back. Jordan had followed Renwa and jumped into the fray, helping to take down the ring of people. Sabella continued to yell and cast her spells at him. Finally, he plunged his sword into her chest. 

6 years later

"I'm sending you to Draenor." Mathias tapped his fingers on the desk

"I wondered how long it would take you to send me." Elunara flashed a quick grin.

"I'm assigning you under General Renwa."

"Hm."

"If you can set aside your differences."

"I know I can." She shrugged.