 A lone night elf sat on the edge of the rock, careful to not move. It had taken her quite a bit of time to map the entirety of the city, and even longer to locate it's Warchief. Her spot was perfect. She watched him for days on end. Tonight, she'd make her final move. Already knowing his language, she worked on her sketches. She left her last few pages in her sketchbook for just him. Waiting was half of the fun.

This one was the disciplined sort, and she knew his schedule by heart. When he went into his hut and closed the flap, she already knew how long it took him to fall asleep. Slowly, carefully, she made her way down and snuck, still stealthed, into his tent. Finding her corner, she waited. When his breathing was even and his body lax, she went to work, prepping the room.

Opening his eyes, he awoke to the stars. Sitting up quickly, he looked around at the endless skies around him. The only thing near him was the soft straw bed he lay on. His eyes fell on the small orc woman sitting in front of him. "Who are you? And, where am I?"

"I am whoever you want me to be." She smiled. "We are in that place between twilight and the spirits."

"What?"

"You ask the spirits for guidance, and they send you to me. I am not to tell you, but for you to decide." 

"Decide?"

"Perhaps to understand, you need only ask the right questions." 

"I know not how to lead my people." He confessed. "I wish for the spirits to teach me."

"It is a wise leader that knows when to ask for assistance, it is a poor leader that waits to be told what to do."

Sighing, he rubbed his hand across his chest. "So... no."

She spread her hands out. 

"Then give me guidance. Show me what you can."

"The spirits hear you, but it is the elements that will save you." 

"What does that mean?"

She hesitated. "This is their decree."

"That makes no sense." 

Shrugging, she leaned forward. "I do not believe I am here for just that."

"What?"

"The spirits sent an avatar; however, my shape is controlled by you. Why else do I look this way?"

His face went hot. "That makes no sense either."

"Somehow, I don't think this is my final form." She shivered and shimmered as she put her hands in the dirt. The illusion began the change shape. 

"A night elf that can speak my language." He breathed. "I know of you."

"That you do." She whispered. "But it is more than that. You know of me, you crave to meet me." Her smile went feral. "You want me."

"Why would I?"

"Why indeed?" Walking forward on all fours, her body slinked like a cat. "You want me." She whispered, her mouth a hair's breath from his. "I'm easy."

"You're terrifying." He whispered. "You tore my men apart; you left my best man as a former shell of himself." With an involuntary shiver, he leaned further back. 

Putting a hand on his chest, she shoved him back. "You want me, I know this. You crave me. You could have me you know."

"I... No. No, never."

"I would be neither mate, nor slave to you." As he lay back on the bed, she was completely over him. "A night elf, a taboo, a secret desire. Take me, Go'el, take me. Not as a mate, not as a lover. Take me as a man who has needs he never meets."

"You tempt me, evil spirit." He growled.

"The spirits sent me, not as a temptation of the flesh, but as a relief from the pain. From this loneliness you inflict upon yourself."

"What?"

"They will send you a wife, they will send you children, but that is time away. For now, have me in their place."

"They will?"

"Your deepest wish will be yours... eventually."

He shoved her over. "You do not lie?"

"Why would I?"

With a growl, he took possession of her mouth. "If I do this, my prayers will be answered?"

"The most beautiful and fiercest she wolf you have ever met. She will guide you."

"Then I take you."

The illusion on her body dispelled and she was naked to him in a flash. "Fill me." 

He started to remove his pants, but realized that he was naked as well. Dismissing the strangeness as part of the dream, he buried himself into her waiting wetness, scooping and shifting his hips. In and out he worked, while her legs came up and around his hips. After a few moments, he let go. 

She tossed a powder in his face and knocked him out. "Damn, I had high hopes for you." She sighed. 

In the morning, Thrall awoke with a groan. That dream was weird and unsettling. Spotting the sheet of paper, he snatched it up. 

"My name is Elunara. May your wishes be fulfilled." Was all that it said.