 Author's Notes: Sorry about the delay on this chapter. I wanted to make sure this chapter was good, so I took my time. At the same time, life is starting to get a bit busy. So, I may not be too consistent. But, I promise I won't leave any avid reader hanging for too long. Enjoy! 

***** 

My mind was lost in thought by the time I got back to my room. I barely even noticed when Catrina changed forms as soon as I put her book down on the bed. When I slouched down in my desk chair, I looked up to see her kneeling on the dirty sheets, naked as she was before. 

"Are you alright?" she asked with a concerned tone in her voice. 

"Yeah," I replied with a sigh. "Just wondering if I will stay true to myself with my wishing." 

She smiled sweetly. "I am sure you will. I know you have a good heart." 

"Thanks." 

I glanced at my wall clock and read seven. An hour and a half until Jen came to study. Instead of using the time for more sex, though, I felt the need to be productive. 

"Catrina. I wish the room was clean and tidy." 

She nodded once and I watched the room instantly change. The once disheveled bed became neat with the sheets tucked in and pillow fluffed. The stains on the carpet vanished, leaving the floor with a fresh vacuumed look. The various things we knocked over during our fun found their proper place on the shelves, some of them even finding better places to look nicer. 

Looking around, I nodded in approval. "Nice." 

"You are welcome," she said. "Is there anything else I may do for you?" 

"No, I'm good. I have a friend coming over later tonight and I was going to do some homework for beforehand." I paused and looked at her. "Do you sleep at all?" 

"I rest myself when I am in the form of a book," she answered simply. "At the moment, though, I feel refreshed." 

"Well, I guess I should change that," I said with a devilish smile. "I may not want to have sex right now, but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy yourself." 

She returned my smile with one of her own. "Oh?" 

"I wish you to spend the next hour masturbating to your heart's content. However, you will not be able to cum until I tell you to." 

Her face was a mix of horror and excitement as she nodded her head once. Then, her hand snaked to her bare pussy and started rubbing her clit. Her pace started off slow, but picked up the more she got into it. Soon, her other hand moved to her breast and started to pulled at her nipple to add to her pleasure. It didn't take long before I could see her riding the edge of an orgasm. Yet, true to the wish, she didn't cum. Her magic would not allow her to until I said so. 

Her voice was high pitched as she asked, "Enjoying yourself?" 

"Quite," I replied simply. It was truly a sight to behold. 

"Please," she whimpered. 

I waited for a few more moments before I said, "Cum for me." 

As soon as the words left my mouth, she came loudly. Her hips buckled as her fingers rubbed furiously at her clit. With each thrust, she rose more into the air, riding the pleasure all the way through. She lasted a minute before coming down, breathing heavily with sweat on her brow. Yet, despite just cumming wildly, her fingers continued to rub her pussy idly. 

With a smile still on my face, I turned on my computer and started on some homework. For the next hour, it became a cycle for the both of us. She would bring herself to the edge and hang there for a few moments, either with her fingers deep inside her or rubbing against her clit. Then, I would let her cum after a few minutes, sending her into wild motions on the bed. Afterwards, she calmed down and idly played with herself until she started the whole process again. In the meantime, I focused on my work as best I could. I would get a few things done before I stopped to let her cum. Each time, I turned and watched her reach her peak before falling back to Earth. Then, I would turn back to my work and listen to her moans rise again. In the end, it was torture for both of us; me wanting to jump her and do her myself, and her for riding the roller coaster of pleasure. 

By the time eight fifteen rolled around, she was exhausted and I was rock hard. With a sigh, I closed my computer and turned to Catrina. 

"I wish for you to stop." 

Her hand instantly fell to her side with a slight plop. Sweat covered her entire body with a large pool of fluids between her legs. Her nipples were red from the constant pulling and refused to relax. 

"Enjoy yourself?" I asked. 

She laid there, panting for a few minutes. Then, she turned her head and smiled at me. "Yes." 

I got up and kissed her on her forehead. "Good. I was worried there for a second that it was too much." 

"It was not. I promise." 

A small frown formed on my lips. "I want you to tell me in the future if it is, though. Alright?" 

"I will," she said, looking up at me. 

Looking at the clock, I said to her, "She should be coming soon. I wish for the sheets to be clean again. Then, please turn into a book. If I need anything, I'll write it on your pages." 

She nodded once, causing all the sweat and fluids to vanish from the bed. A second later, her human form was gone and a book lay in her place. I picked her up and opened her up to find she had already formed a sentence. 

Will you be using any magic on your friend? 

Picking up a pen, I wrote "I'm not sure. It has crossed my mind. But, she is a friend. I don't know how I feel about doing something to her." 

I will tell you if you step over any line like you asked. 

"I know." I stopped as a thought came to mind. One that I hadn't considered. "Is manipulating the body the same as the mind?" 

Are you worried that making a wish to make her body do something is making one to affect her mind? 

"Yes. Is it the same, though?" 

Not exactly. A bodily reaction can be caused by a thought or another action all together. Even if I create the thought that causes the feeling, the feeling is caused by themselves. Think of it as a chain reaction. 

"So, you don't feel it's wrong to cause someone' else's body to feel something?" 

No. I do not feel any guilt over wishes over the body as I might for wishes over the mind. 

Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Putting Catrina to the side, I got up and opened the door to find Jen standing on the other side. With the exception of her hair, now a bit disheveled, and a bag hung from her shoulder, she looked like she did earlier. She wore the same outfit of jean shorts and a white shirt with a black over shirt. What caught my eye, though, was the smile on her face. 

"Eight thirty sharp," she said through the smile. 

I looked at the wall clock and saw it was literally eight thirty. I couldn't help but chuckle. 

"Right on time," I replied, waving her in. 

"Had to wait outside the door for a few minutes for that," she said as she came in. She then glanced around with a puzzled look. "I could have sworn I heard someone else in here." 

"Nah," I said quickly. "Just me talking to myself again." 

"Like always." 

"Like always," I repeated. 

Jen looked around my room, taking everything in. "It's been awhile since I've been in here. Not much has changed." Glancing down, she picked up Catrina's book. "Though, this is new." 

"Yeah. I've been making so many story ideas in my head, I thought I should start writing them down." 

I froze for a second as she opened the book, but breathed when I saw it was blank. 

"Looks like you've got a long way to go," she said with a laugh. 

"I find my muse at some point," I said, taking the book gently from her hands. "Shall we get started?" 

"Oh," She reached around and pulled out her math book and notebook. "Yes, please." 

"How much time do you have?" I asked, getting out my own book and notes. 

"All night. As long as you don't have a class in the morning, anyway." 

"Nope. All clear." 

"Then let's get started." 

For the next half hour, we focused on our books. We went over our notes, read the example problems, and tackled every issue she had. Unfortunately, we didn't make it far. Every question just formed new ones for her. And, whenever she would get close to an answer, she would lose her focus and fall apart. Of course, it didn't help that I kept eyeing her body. Every motion she made as she sat on the bed was alluring in every manner. The only reason I didn't use my x-ray eyes on her was because I was sure I would be caught gawking. 

Jen threw her pen across the room, hitting the far wall. "Dammit!" 

I gave her a stern smile as I went to pick it up. "I know your mad, but you need to calm down. You'll get it." 

"No I won't." with a frustrated grunt, she got up and through my door, muttering "I'm need to use the restroom." 

As I watched her leave, I sighed and reached for Catrina. I opened her up to see a sentence waiting for me. 

She is very upset. 

"She is," I wrote. "She is smart, but loses her train of thought easily." 

Will you help her? 

"As long as I don't reveal my magic to her, it's alright. Right?" 

Correct. 

I paused for a moment to get my wording right. "I wish for Jen to be able to focus on anything she wants when she says the phrase 'Clear my mind'." 

Granted. 

I knew it was an odd phrasing, but I had a plan to make it work without giving too much away. With a glance at the closed door, I thought of another wish to help. 

"I wish I could read her utmost thoughts," I wrote. 

Granted. 

I heard the toilet flush and was about to put Catrina down. Then, I had a spark. This one was completely selfish, but with all the help I was giving her, I thought it fair. 

Quickly, I wrote, "I wish for her to become increasingly hot as the night goes on, feeling the need to remove clothing after a while. Only when she has no clothing on will she finally be able to cool down. And, with each piece of clothing she takes off, the more aroused she will become." 

Granted. 

To me it was a good phrasing, for it would give me a chance with her tonight, but without messing with her mind. And, if nothing happened, then I'll still have Catrina to help me out after she left. 

Just as I closed Catrina, Jen entered the room again. She seemed calmer now, but there were still signs of frustration. 

"Ready to try again?" I asked. 

"I guess," she sighed as she sat on the bed next to me. 

As she sat back down on the bed, I focused on her much like I do with my other abilities. After a moment, I heard her thoughts pour into my head. They were too jumbled to get straight sentences, but ended up coming over as collective ideas. Her current one was how she felt she would get nowhere tonight and fail the test. 

"Hey," I said, placing a hand on her notes. "I know you can get this." 

"No I can't," she said aloud. "No matter what I do, I can't focus long enough to get it." 

I set my notes to my side and faced her. "Then let us try something." 

"What?" 

"Put your stuff to the side for now and sit up straight." 

She did as I asked, sitting cross legged in front of me. 

"Now close your eyes." 

She sighed. "Oh come on. Don't try to hypnotize me or something." 

"I'm not. But, I want to teach you a technique that helps me focus sometimes. Just trust me and close your eyes." 

She closed her eyes and sat still, a skeptical look on her face. 

"Take a deep breath in, then breath out slowly." 

She had the idea, but not the heart, as she let the breath go too fast. 

"Once more," I said with a smile. "Slower this time." 

The second time was better, but still lacked that relaxing feeling. 

"Good. One more time." 

This time was better than both previous. I could feel her start to relax. As she took a fourth breath voluntarily, I focused on her enough to see through all her clothing. Through them, I could see her amazing body for the first time and it was better than I imagined. Her breasts, while not too big, were perfectly shaped with her nipples right in the center. Her stomach was tone with a hint of abs showing instead of any fat. With her cross legged, I had a clear view of her pussy, which was trimmed nicely and had beautiful shaped lips. In the end, it took all of my will to keep my boner down and not jump her right there. 

"Good," I said, snapping my attention back. "Now clear your mind of any thoughts. No matter how big or small." 

I continued to watch her nude form as she attempted to clear her head. It took her awhile, but I finally noticed her mind clear of any thoughts. 

I waited a moment afterward to say, "good. Now remember this feeling. When your head is this clear, it can focus on anything. To help keep this feeling, I want you to say 'Clear my mind.'" 

"Clear my mind." 

"Again." 

"Clear my mind." 

"Once more." 

"Clear my mind." 

"Good," I said, letting go of my focus so her clothes returned. "Now, every time you say or think that phrase, you will remember how you feel now; head clear and ready to focus." 

She took another deep breath before repeating the phrase in her head. 

"Open your eyes." 

When she did, I could see she was indeed focused. She instantly reached over for her notes and started working on a problem. In a few minutes, she finished it and looked up with a smile. 

"It worked!" she said. "I don't know what you did but I understood that completely. As soon as I did, everything clicked!" 

"It works every time," I said with my own smile. "Shall we continue?" 

"Yeah," she said, eagerly returning to her work. 

For the next ten minutes, we breezed through more problems. While she still asked for help on things she didn't know, she found everything much easier. Probing her mind also told me she was getting more confident. As she went through more and more problems, she felt better about herself and the work she was doing, all the while not getting distracted. 

What she didn't pay attention to, though, was her temperature. For her, it was slowly rising to the point where she took off her over shirt without even noticing. I did as I caught myself staring at her bare shoulders with two small straps on each. I also noticed her arousal jump slightly as soon as she took off the shirt. With her so focused on her work, she over looked it, but it was nagging at her none the less. A few minutes later, she casually took off her socks. It wasn't much to cool her down or to enjoy myself, but it had a clear effect on her arousal. Had she not been focusing on her work, she probably would have started fidgeting. It was only when she started to use her under shirt to fan herself did I feel the need to mention something. 

"Are you alright?" I asked. 

"Yeah," she said, looking up from her work. "It's just a bit hot in here." 

"Odd," I replied. "Feels fine to me." 

She shrugged. "Oh well. No reason to let it bother me. Let's keep working." 

I nodded and turned my focus back to our work. We had only a few problems left, so we worked diligently. By the time we finished, I knew she finally got the hang of it. As soon as we finished the final problem, Jen sighed loudly out of relief. 

"Done," she said, still fanning herself with her shirt. 

"I knew you would get it," I said to her with a smile. 

She smiled back. "It's all thanks to you. You're a great teacher." 

"Nah. I just know how to keep a mind focused." 

"Still, you were so helpful. I promise I'll pay you back in kind." 

"Don't worry about it. That's what friends do." 

As I got up to put my notes away, I noticed her blush deeply. Curious, I looked into her mind to see the arousal finally hit her. Her mind was filled with nothing but sex. I'm surprised she was able to keep her composure. At the same time, her fanning became more rapid, trying to fight off the imaginary heat. By the time I turned back, she was flushed for more reasons than one. 

"I'm going to use the bathroom again," she said quickly. "Be right back." 

I nodded and took a seat on the bed while she disappeared. Keeping a tab on her mind, I suddenly noticed a large spike in her arousal. The only reason I could figure is she took off her shirt in the bathroom. I listened to her thoughts as she tried to fight off her horniness. She had no luck, though, as nothing seemed to help. Then, she started to rationalize something. With all her thoughts jumbled up, I couldn't tell what, but it seemed like a big decision to her. At that point, I felt the need to give her some space mentally. So, I laid back slightly and waited for her to come back in. 

When she did, there was a noticeable difference to her. Her hair was disheveled in a few places, her cheeks were bright red, and a few drops of sweat on her skin. At the same time, I could feel a mix of confidence and wariness coming from her. I still kept clear of her mind, so I could only guess what she was going to do. though, I knew I wouldn't have to wait long. 

"Ken," she said softly as she walked over to me. "I really do appreciate what you did for me." 

"It was nothing," I said, sitting upright. "It's what friends do." 

"Maybe, but it was big to me. You know how much I hate math and how I couldn't focus on it." 

"Yeah, but you got it after you put your mind to it." 

"And I wouldn't have been able to without you." She took a step closer. "And I want to genuinely thank you for that." 

"You are welcome. I was glad to help." 

She took another few steps until she was right in front of me. "I want to return the favor too." 

I gave my best blank look as I asked, "How?" 

Without a word, she leaned in and kissed me. It wasn't a small kiss, either. It was filled with passion as she made every second of contact count. I was thrown off guard at first, but made up for it by keeping the kiss steady on my end. I was unsure of how far to go, though, so I let her lips do most of the talking. When she finally broke it off, it was subtle. She pulled back slightly and rested her forehead on mine while staring into my eyes. 

"Jen," I whispered. 

"Don't say anything," she whispered back. "Just let me do this for you." 

Her second kiss was less about the passion and more about the lust. I could feel it as she held my head with her hands and continued to kiss me. I took it as a sign and kissed her back just as deeply. Not with pure lust, though, but with the passion I didn't know I had. The second break was more of a pause to breath, followed by a serious make out session. 

My hands moved to her hips as we continuously kissed. They held her as close as possible while her hands moved around my neck and held me tight. I didn't risk moving my hands upward, but I won't deny I wanted to. The kissing was too great to end, though, so I focused all my attention on her lips. In the end, it was her to make the next step. 

After a few minutes of making out, she pulled back randomly. I was confused for only a moment until I saw her reach down and pull up her shirt. Then, my expression was replaced by amazement at the sight before me. Even though I saw her naked before with my x-ray vision, this was ten times better. When I looked before, I went straight to her bare necessities, completely missing the lacy bra she was wearing. It held her breasts perfectly while adding to each curve they had. Through the padding, I could almost see her nipples trying to poke holes from her excitement. 

My face must have been priceless, for she laughed at me staring at her chest. It wasn't an insulting laugh, though. It was one genuinely of happiness. I pulled my eyes away and laughed back as I put my hands back on her bare sides. Then, without missing a beat, we joined lips once more. This time, my hands freely roamed her back, enjoying the smoothness of her skin. Her hands, in the meantime, found their way under my shirt and danced along my chest. Taking the hint, I broke the kiss this time to remove my own shirt. Her look told me she approved greatly before moving back in again. 
