 With a twist of her hips, she placed her hands on his shoulders, stroking there as her breasts dangled in front of his face. "And here we have the man of the hour." Slowly, she straightened up and ran her fingers along the edge of her pants, pushing them down as she twisted and gyrated in front of the man in the chair. "Touch me." She whispered. 

"Ah... I better not." He held up his hands "My fiancé might kill me."

"I'm not taken!" Another man reached out and cupped one of her breasts. 

A throaty laugh and she tossed her head back shaking her hair out as she ran her fingers through it. "Oh, you're naughty." She pushed at the second man. "But you're not the party boy. The party boy should get first dibs." With a little wink, she grinned at the man. "One gold and you can fuck my mouth." 

"Now I know I better not. My future wife will KILL me." He laughed and raked his hands through his hair. "She might even kill me over this little party."

"Women." The second man sorted. "I'll pay for a taste of that."

She patted the pouch on her hip. "Pay up."

Several men around the room cheered and raised their glasses as she leaned forward and tugged at the second man's pants. Bending at the waist, she looked around. "Any other interest, and you can fuck me for the same."

"I'll take that!" A rather drunk man stumbled over and pulled his dick out of his pants. 

"You guys are nuts." The first man shook his head. "I mean, come on, we're... watching."

Tugging the second man free of his pants, she began to suck on the tip of his dick, while the man held up his shirt and stared down at her. "Come on, how many men can say they've fucked a night elf?" 

"This is... well. Ok, it is pretty hot. But my Emily will fucking kill me."

The drunk man shoved his dick into the night elf, causing her to take the second man in deeper than she intended. She adjusted her mouth and began to suck up and down, taking him over and over as the man behind her kept shoving harder and harder. She rocked between the two, enjoying the feel of the both. Cupping the balls of the man she sucked, she massaged them between her fingers. When she felt him begin to twitch, she backed off and let him explode over her face. The drunk kept at her for a moment or two more. 

"Fuck... I can't..." He muttered. 

Moving forward, she dislodged herself from him, before turning around and using her hands and fingers on his dick and balls, getting him to finish off. 

"You two are fun, but maybe there's some others at this party who want a hit." She winked. "Just a gold a piece boys. I got all night."

The next day, Elunara stood in Mathias' office. "Sir, they were not the ones we were after. Just a bunch of drunks having a bachelor party. However, I've found another ad that looks promising." 

Mathias eyed her over his steepled fingers. "It's up to you if you wish to continue. You've been crashing these... parties for weeks now."

"Sir, I see no reason to stop now. This mission will be completed." 

"As you see fit, then." 

That night, Elunara eyed the woman headed towards the door. She intercepted the woman at the bottom of the steps. "You should find something else to do."

"What?"

"Find something else to do."

"But, I need this job... the ad says it will pay well and I need the money for my little boy."

"Take this." Elunara held out a pouch. "It's ten gold."

"Ten?" The woman gasped. "But, that's ten times what this will pay."

"Then that'll save you ten days of work. Go be with your little boy." 

"But I don't understand..."

"Do you not want the money?"

"I do!"

"Take it already. I want the job."

"It's yours!" She grabbed the pouch and ran away.

Elunara watched her retreating form for a while. Turning to the door, she knocked and waited. 

The door opened, and a man blinked at her. "Well, you're not what we expected." He shook his head and looked back behind him. Turning back to her he grinned. "Sure, a night elf is fine. Juuust fine." He stepped back and let her in. 

She stepped in and smiled sweetly at him. "You were looking for a maid for a night?"

"Yes. That." He looked around behind her, looking both ways down the street. Closing the door, he turned back to her and gestured towards the rest of the room. 

A pair of men sat on a couch facing away from the door. She was unsure of what they were staring at, but one turned back and eyed her. "A night elf? The hell?"

"Works for me." The man behind her laughed. A cloth came over her face and an arm wrapped around her body. She struggled against him, but the world went dark. 

"Well, this is interesting." 

She heard the man's voice, vague and far away. Annoyance at herself rippled through her skin, but she maintained her ruse of sleep. 

"A night elf? Seriously? How pathetic is she that she needed a maid job? Aren't their kind all high and mighty?" A different voice asked, the one she recognized from the couch.

"She'll bring a pretty price though." She assumed this was from the third man on the couch. 

"Want to have a little fun with her before?" The original man was closer now. 

Naked and prone, her hands and feet felt were bound to a hard wood plank of some sort. Twitching carefully, she was unable to move from her prone position. 

"You know he doesn't like when we mess with the merchandise." This from the third man. "But damn if I don't want a shot." 

"Let's have her. It'll cut into our profits, but damn, too tempting to let it go." 

A hand stroked down the inside of her thigh. She shivered uncontrollably and cursed her involuntary reactions. She WOULD learn to control that. It didn't do at all.

"Someone's awake." The man chuckled. 

Elunara groaned against the gag in her mouth, fluttering her eyelashes, she moved her head back and forth. After a moment, she began to struggle against her bonds, finding that even her torso was tied to the plank beneath her. She was on a table of some sort, that she could be sure. 

One of the men put his face into hers. "Look at you. Not so high above us now, are you?" His fingers trailed up her leg, causing her skin to twitch. Once at the top, he buried his fingers in her. "Nice and tight. Wet too. Are you turned on by this?"

She shook her head back and forth, struggling and bucking against her bonds. He moved back and, lifting her head, she tried to look at him. Moving in between her legs, he ran his hands up and down her legs. "Smooth, and soft. This will be enjoyable."

"Move on with it already, Jack." One of the other men whined. "We want our turn."

"Oh, shut it, Randall." Jack shook his head. "A body like this should be savored." He pulled himself free of his pants and began to push himself slowly into Elunara. "I'm telling you, you go too fast." He groaned as he pushed himself deeper, putting a hand on her belly. She struggled against her bonds, trying to sound like she was whining. "Nice and slow, let her suck on you. Not the fast jack rabbit you do." He rocked his hips. In and out, in a slow rhythm. "You gotta build to it." Holding her hips, he pushed in harder, until his balls were smacking against her ass. Groaning, he buried himself in deep and let go.

"Are you done yet?" Randall whined again.

"You are the most impatient man I've ever met." Jack dislodged himself and gave Elunara's leg a squeeze. "Give it a go. It's not like you'll take long."

Randall snorted. "You just take too long." Stepping into the space, he shoved himself hard into her. "Just get it done." He began to thrust his hips, in and out in a rapid motion. Digging his nails into her leg and a breast. Elunara shivered and twitched, biting against the gag in her mouth. "That's how ya do it." The man shook with the force of it. 

"You're both wrong." The third man shook his head. "And I'm tired of this old argument." 

"Here we go." Jack snorted. "Arnold has his old wisdom."

"It's from experience." He moved into position and eyed Elunara's prone from. He pushed himself into her and shifted back and forth. "Yeah, I agree she's tight... but for the tightest experience..." He pulled out and shifted down. "You go for the ass." He shoved himself into her and she gasped, arching against her bonds as her eyes went wide. He buried himself in and out, over and over, as she struggled. "You even get the best response." He snorted. 

"You're a dirty man, Arnold." Jack shook his head. When Arnold pulled free, Jack picked up a rag and doused it with something from a bottle. "Out you go." He shoved it on Elunara's face and the world went dark again. 

She was jolted awake. This time her hands were bound behind her head. Twisting this way and that, she figured out that she was bound into the back of a cart. A sheet was covering the cart and her naked body. Her knees and ankles had been bound tightly against the sides of the cart, and she couldn't move. She was desperate for a drink of water, and the gag in her mouth absorbed all of the spit in her mouth. The cart jolted again, and she could hear her captors talking, but she couldn't make out what they were saying. 

The cart came to a stop, and she closed her eyes and let go of the tension in her body. The sheet was yanked back. 

"Here's our prize."

"You managed to nail a night elf? Are you insane? A few missing women, no big deal, but a night elf? They'll be searching for her!"

"I highly doubt that." Jack shook his head. "She came to us. What night elf answers an ad for a maid? No, they don't want her. Plus, you can charge extra."

The new man considered the idea. "An exotic like her is bound to bring in the coin." He shoved his fingers into her. "Tight too. Fine. I'll pay your fee. Load her into the house."

Elunara was unbound from the cart and tossed over the shoulder of one of the men. She focused on keeping her body limp, even as they attached her hands to a bed. 

"Going to have a fun time finding the right buyer for her." The door was closed. 

Elunara laid in the bed, counting the time. Still as the grave, she waited for an hour. Finally, she flexed her hand and called her dagger. Slicing away her bonds, she freed herself from the bed and cut the gag off her face. Looking around, she frowned at the three empty beds. Opening the door a crack, she discovered she was upstairs, with three other bedrooms. Peering into one, she saw three women tied to beds. Moving to the other, she found three more. One of the women spotted her and began to whimper and cry against her gag. Elunara held a finger to her lips and closed the door. 

Sneaking around the building, she made her way downstairs, poking through rooms and looking through papers. She could hear two men in one of the rooms, and she saved that room for last. Confident in what she found, she made her way into the room, completely stealthed. She snuck in behind one of the men. Sapping him, she snuck over and slit the throat of the other. As he lay there gagging, she snorted. Sitting in his vacated seat, she waited until the first man blinked at her. He stared at the dagger in her hand. 

"What the hell?"

"I ask the questions around here." Lightning quick, she sliced his cheek. 

He grabbed his face and jolted backwards. "Bitch!"

She caught his arm with the dagger. "That's right. Now, where are the other women?"

"Like I'll tell you." He held his cheek with one hand and his bloody arm with the other. 

Before he could blink, she was up, holding him by the hair, exposing his throat. "I said..." Her voice was level. "Where are the other women?"

"The papers! In the other room! I'll show you! Just don't kill me!"

She shrugged. "I already have those."

"Then you know! Please..."

"Too late." She slit his throat and dropped him to the floor. 

Digging through the papers, she found what she needed. Back up the stairs, she began freeing the naked women from their beds. They cried and held on to her, even as she tried to shake them loose and free the others. Once the six women were free, she made her way down the stairs. 

"Alright, everyone in the cart."

One of the women had her arms wrapped around another. "Find us some clothes!"

Elunara sighed and rubbed her fingers over the bridge of her nose. "I didn't see any clothes. But, I have sheets. Just get in the damned cart. The healers in Stormwind can deal with you."

"Have you no compassion?"

"Lady, I have a job to do, and you're it. Get in the fucking cart!"

Once the women were huddled into the cart, Elunara threw sheets over them and began driving the horses back to the city. She was surprised the kidnapped women had been so close, yet so hard to find. 

After she had deposited the women with the healers, and found some clothes for herself, Elunara made her way back to the SI:7. Giving her report, she held out the papers. "I have the locations of the women that have been sold into slavery. As soon as I dispatch the original three men that took them, I'll continue on my mission to bring them home."

Mathias eyed her for a long time. "Report to Ina. I want her to do a full physical on you. Once she has cleared you for duty again, you can handle the rest of your assignment."

Elunara blinked for a moment. "Physical? I was not harmed on my assignment."

"It's... a new policy. All operatives must have a clean bill of health before continuing." 

When Elunara had left, Mathias buried his face into his hands. After a moment, he sighed. That woman scared him.