 The inn is rustic, the wooden tables sat liberally throughout the structure. Large casks and glinting bottles line the shelves behind the bar. Men sit around the room, some have the occasional woman in their lap, while serving women carry massive trays of alcohol to various patrons. On the tables candles light the way, and steins dripping with various alcoholic substances sit on every surface.

Entering from the main door, a purple haired night elf, her long ears bouncing as she looks around the room. Spotting the man she was looking for, Elunara moves through the inn. She nods to some and avoids the reaching hands of others as she makes her way directly to the man in the back corner of the room, before flopping down in a chair in front of him. Women recognize her and sneer. It is obvious she is the odd one out.

Elunara taps her fingers on the table. "Do we have a mission tonight?"

Gerald leans back as he twirls the beer in between his fingers. "Nope, the night is all ours. I don't have anything on the roster for the immediate future." 

"Sweet. I'm hungry." She looks around the room. 

Gerald snorts. "Nothing edible here."

"For you maybe." She picks up his beer, chugging a drink.

He yanks the bottle back. "Help yourself." He snarls.

Elunara gestures to a woman that is sitting in a man's lap, giggling. "That woman in Shry's lap doesn't look familiar. New waitress?"

"Her? No, that's Vicki, a prostitute."

Elunara makes a sound of derision.

Shrugging, he takes a swig of his beer. "She's actually not that bad, only one gold piece for a blow..."

Elunara eyes Gerald askance. "I thought you weren't interested in that."

"I said I wouldn't do you. I don't mix business and pleasure." Gerald lifts the bottle to his lips.

Tapping her fingers on the table, Elunara considers him. "One gold seems steep."

Gerald shrugs. "People gotta eat, Elunara. Not everyone gives it out for free."

Elunara shrugs back. "Speaking of eating..." 

She stands up, walking out in to the main area. Several pairs of eyes follow her movements. As Elunara approaches the bar, the man with the prostitute in his lap focuses his attention on Elunara. Vicki puts a hand on his cheek and tries to pull his attention back to her, but he doesn't budge. 

A man approaches Elunara and she runs her fingertips across his chest. He whispers in her ear as he runs his fingers down the line of her hip. With a wink to Gerald, Elunara takes the man at the bar by the hand and leads him to an upstairs room. The pair disappear.

In the room, Elunara wiggles out of her pants and climbs in the bed. The man opens the front of his pants and his dick pops out. Eyeing him, she licks her lips. "That's what I've been looking forward to all day."

He climbs over on top of her, and adjusts himself, sliding his dick up and down her soft folds, before sliding in with a groan. In and out he begins to pump his hips, as she rocks her up against him. He buries his face in her shoulder and starts to suck on her neck, finding that spots that drives her wild. Up and down, in and out they buck together, as she slips her hands up the back of his shirt, dragging her nails down his back. He grunts, filling her. 

Trying to pull away, he shifts back. She clings to him for a moment, before letting go, and shoving him off. Sitting up, she rubs her hand over his deflating dick. "I think you have another go."

"I don't know..."

Straddling him, she slides down. "Doesn't matter, I can entertain myself with a half stiff dick for a little longer."

Meanwhile, downstairs, Vicki is sitting on a man's lap, and trying again to get his attention, but he doesn't look back at her again until the night elf disappears upstairs. Shry blinks at Vicki as if he just noticed her.

Shry's voice is almost a purr as he smiles at her. "Vicki... so, what do you say we take this party somewhere else?"

"You funny thing, what makes you think I'm interested?" Vicki giggles.

Shry squeezes her ass. "Just a little intuition. Come on, upstairs, I'm sure there's a room." 

Vicki appears to consider him. "I'm not easy."

"Never."

"Or cheap."

Shry takes her hand and puts it in his lap. "Name your price."

Vicki giggles as she stands, pulling Shry up with her. Together the pair make their way up the stairs. A muffled groan from the room with the elf catches Shry's attention, and Vicki must pull him away from the closed door to an open one.

Once the door is closed, Vicki lifts her skirts, exposing the hairs and flesh beneath. "You can have this for five gold." 

Shry licks his lips, the noises from the other room catch his attention, but he turns and focuses on Vicki instead. Stepping forward, he grabs Vicki by the face and kisses her gently. Surprised, Vicki returns the affection and smiles to herself. Finding a benefactor is a whore's free meal ticket. He runs his hands up and down her shoulders, before guiding her back to the bed. When they find the edge, he sits her down carefully, before pushing her back. She lays on the bed, and he climbs on top. Carefully, he makes his way inside her, before rocking in rhythm to her. 

"I love you, Elunara." He whispers. 

Vicki glares up at the ceiling. "I love you too." She purrs. 

Shortly after Vicki and Shry's door closes, the first door opens and the night elf and the human step out. She is adjusting her tangled hair, as he pulls up his pants. The man tries to pull her back in the door, kissing the back of her hand, but she smiles and pushes him away with a shake of her head. Elunara walks back downstairs. Elunara finds Gerald again, still nursing his beer.

"I see Shry is gone." She flops down in the chair. 

"They went upstairs." 

"They?"

Gerald shrugs and takes another swig. "Vicki and Shry."

Elunara nodded absently. "Right, right. Well, I see another prospect instead." 

Elunara stands up, gesturing to a man looking her direction before heading upstairs without waiting to see if she is followed. As the pair walk into the vacant room, the man begins to pull down his pants and the door closes behind Elunara.

The man sits on the bed, and Elunara stoops down, cupping his balls in her hand. Bending dpwn, she sucks on the tip, before moving down with her mouth. UP and down she sucks, going deeper with each trust of her head. The man buries his fingers in the hair on her head, leaning back and groaning. She expertly juggles his balls in her fingers, eliciting more groans. Satisfied, she shoves upwards, standing and pushing him back slightly. Climbing in his lap, she slides down over his waiting dick with a groan of her own. Bucking her hips, she begins to take him in, over and over again. Hands on his shoulders, her breasts in his face, she loses herself in the feeling of riding a hard dick. He grips her hips and shoves her down over him with a grunt. 

After she is done, and the mess cleaned up, Elunara opens the door and walks back into the upstairs hallway as the doors upstairs open to the other room. Elunara's hair is messed up, and the man behind her is adjusting his pants. Vicki stares at the man behind the night elf. She realizes it is not the first man she saw the night elf with. Shry stops short behind Vicki.

"Elunara. It's... you... you look pretty." Shry finishes, his voice is lame, disappointed.

Elunara blinks at Shry for a minute. Wincing, she smiles. "Hi, Shry."

Shry smiles hopefully. "I've missed you." 

The other man from the bedroom touches Elunara's back and Elunara licks her lips. Elunara waves him away. "I'll see you."

Shry steps forward past Vicki, brushing against her, but not noticing her. "I've missed you, Elunara.

Vicki stares at the pair, looking back and forth. She clears her throat. Shry does not notice her. Vicki grabs Shry's arm and yanks. He finally notices her and Vicki holds out a hand. Vicki: "I don't come cheap." 

"Right." He digs in his pocket, before dropping some coins in Vicki's hand. His attention returns to Elunara. Shry reaches out, brushing the back of his fingers on Elunara's cheek. She smiles at him. 

"Since we're here..." Elunara gestures to the open door.

Shry stumbles forward, following behind Elunara as they walk into the empty room, as Vicki stands there in shock, hand still out holding the coins.

Shry brushes a lock of Elunara's tangled hair out of her face. "You've... been busy again, haven't you?"

"Aren't I always?"

"Can't it just be us?"

"It's us right now." She purrs. Tugging at his shirt, she exposes his chest, muscled and toned. Leaning forward, she licks his chest. 

He grips her shoulders and groans. "Elunara..."

She pulls his shirt over his head. "You military men are always so well defined." She purrs at him, rubbing her hands across his chest and shoulders. "I have a thing for the shoulders, I have to admit." Bending forward, she bites his shoulder, as her hands roam down his chest and to his pants. Her fingers slip down below, finding his dick, pulling it free. Stroking him up and down, she brings him back to attention. "You were busy, but I can get you hard."

"She meant nothing."

"As if I even care." Elunara shoves him back on the bed, before climbing in after. 

He grabs her by the waist and shoves her over, changing the position and burying himself inside those warm, wet folds, as she bucks up against him. Together they rock, together they move. She sliding her hands and fingers over his back, he gripping her hips to match his own. He murmurs words of love and affection, she loses herself in the sensations of her body. 

Downstairs, Vicki is attempting to gain the attention of another man, giggling and placating him, while keeping an eye out for the night elf. 

Done with the mating dance, as Elunara tries to leave the room, Shry grabs her arm. "Please, don't go. Marry me. Please, I beg of you."

"I can't marry you. We've already had this conversation."

"But, with me, you don't have to do this any more. I can take care of us. We can be happy together." 

"This?" Elunara cocks her head to the side, looking at Shry in confusion.

"You won't have to whore yourself out any more. We can be happy together, I know it."

Elunara yanked her arm out of his grasp. "You don't know shit about me. Go the hell away and never speak of this again."

"Elunara..."

Flicking her dagger in his face, she narrows her eyes. "You bore me. As usual. I suggest you leave."

After leaving the room without Shry, Elunara makes her way downstairs before heading for the table with Gerald. Gerald sits at the table shuffling cards.

An annoyed Elunara flops down. "Want to fleece some assholes?"

Gerald eyes her. "You know what Mathias said, Whore."

Elunara: "As long as we keep the bets tight, the boss won't say anything, Shark."

The pair begin playing cards. Several people come over, tossing in their bets. 

Elunara smiles at the men joining the table. "How about an interesting bet?" She smiles at one of the men. "If you can beat me, you can have time with me in the room upstairs."

Tapping on the table with one finger, she signals to Gerald. Gerald nods and deals the deck. Elunara wins a couple of hands.

Elunara winks. "I'm on fire. You can't top this hand." 

After a while, she pounds her fist on the table, Gerald's nod is imperceptible to the rest of the table, and again he deals. This time Elunara loses. 

Elunara tosses her cards on the table. "No! Damn. Alright, a bet is a bet..." Elunara leads the man upstairs and they disappear.

In the room upstairs, the man from the card table looks at the bed. "So, uh, how do we...?"

"Like this." Elunara shoves him backwards on the bed. He hits the top with an "Oof." And, stooping down in front of him, she tugs at the front of his pants, before pulling his dick free. With a wiggle of her butt, she licks the length of him.

"Gods! You make me think you lost on purpose."

"And if I did?" She sucks on the tip. 

"Who the hell cares?" He grips her hair. 

Licking him again, she smiles up at him. "Good answer."

Down at the table, Vicki takes her chance and finds a man at the table playing cards. She leans against him, giggling. "If you want some action... I've got time." 

Vicki works her wiles on the man for a little bit, giggling at him, putting her low-cut dress in front of his face, before leading him up to the inn room. It takes longer than Vicki expects to get the man to agree to her terms. They pass Elunara going down the stairs, but Elunara ignores them.

Elunara returns to the game, tapping on the table. Gerald deals again. The game goes on, with Elunara winning some, and losing a few. Every time she loses, she takes the next man up. A crowd is gathering around the table. Bets are being made on the games now. People want to know who Elunara will take up next.

Vicki tries to get the attention of the gamblers, but no one is paying attention to her now. An angry Vicki stalks out of the inn and hides in the shadows.

Gerald calls an end to the games.

"But I was so sure I'd win the next one." She whines.

"My hands are tired. Find your fun somewhere else." He shakes his head, the game is done, the signal is out.

Elunara tosses her cards on the table. Her hands up in the air, she stretches out, as the hungry crowd watches the night elf make a show of arching her back. Blowing kisses to the crowd, Elunara ducks out of the inn and into the street. She walks around behind the building, a path she often takes to her next destination.

A knife blade winks in the moonlight. Elunara blinks at it for a moment, head cocked to the side, ears twitching with the movement of her head. Vicki steps out from the shadows, the thin blade held between them.

Vicki snarls "I don't know who you are, nor do I care. This is my spot now, and I want you out of it."

Elunara eyes the blade in confusion. "Spot for what?"

"This is my territory now. You may be exotic, but I have more skill. You are in and out with the men too quickly to be of any use. I want you to go away, and never return."

Elunara snaps her fingers and points at Vicki. 

"You're that prostitute Gerald was talking about."

Vicki shoves the knife forward, inches from Elunara's chest. "I told you to leave." 

The move is lightning quick, and before Vicki has time to understand, Elunara has her by the hair, yanking Vicki's head back at a sharp angle. A dagger, silver in the moonlight hovers a centimeter above Vicki's exposed throat.

"Before you threaten someone, you should learn who you're messing with." Elunara's voice is calm, disinterested. "Now, my boss told me I'm not allowed to dispose of my problems inside the city any more. And, you should be grateful I listen to him. Begone, pest. I care nothing for your territory." 

Elunara shoves Vicki forward. Vicki stumbles, catching herself on the side of the inn. Without another word, Elunara disappears into the night, as if she was never there.