 Lillian’s voice came bellowing over the clamor of the noisy pub, “I need another round of ale for the gentlemen at the corner table, Alana!” Lillian was a stout woman with hardened features and tired eyes; she was pleasant to work with, as barmaids go, and tried to make little lasting impression to anyone but her regular customers.

Alana’s reply sang over the crowd like a beautiful bird floating on a fowl wind. “Right away, Lillian!” A pleasant-looking woman turned sharply toward the counter and poured four mugs of ale for the gentlemen at the corner table, sighing as she placed them on a flat, wooden plank she used to carry drinks. The men had remained aloof the entire evening, drinking one round after another of pleasantly strong ale. They hadn’t really caused any problems, but they’d been giving off a generally unpleasant air that worried Alana. 

Disregarding the passing feeling, she ambled toward the table with their drinks. “Here are your drinks, gentlemen,” she spoke quickly, placing their drinks on the table. As she turned to leave, her eyes locked with the man sitting in the far corner of the table. His eyes danced even in the dim light. Their fiery blue depths penetrated her, and she nearly gasped. She hadn’t seen eyes like his since she lived among her own people. Again, pushing her errant thoughts away, she turned to leave as he spoke.

“Woman, what’s your name?” Much like his enchanting eyes, his dark, chocolate-brown hair seemed to shine even in the dimly lit corner, as though reflecting a light from within.

“My name is Alana. And, if there’s nothing further you require of me, you will pardon me to return to my work.”

“There is something further I require of you.”

“Yes, sir?” Alana inquired patiently.

“From where do you hail?”

“I offer only a long and complicated answer to such a simple question. Perhaps there is something less complicated I could offer… such as another drink, or something to eat?”

“No, Alana, that is all I wanted. Go back to your tables.”

Turning without a word, Alana returned to her work. She tended her customers at the bar, each nursing a variety of ale. ‘Yuck!’ she thought silently, smiling. ‘Clearly they have no taste for fine mead or wine… barbarians!’

At the end of the night, Alana wiped her slender fingers across her perspiring forehead. Sighing, she bid Lillian, “Farewell.” It was her duty to close the pub each night, and to keep count of the profit the pub turned. Scanning the pub and seeing no one, she extracted the skin from its hiding place in which she kept the daily profits. Suddenly, as she replaced the skin, she caught something out of the corner of her eye. Instinctively she reached for her dagger, also hidden behind the bar, drawing it close to her in a defensive stance.

“Relax,” came a soothing male voice as she saw the man with the deep blue eyes seemingly materialize from the corner.

Alana, confused but unyielding, spoke ferociously. “You were not there a moment ago! Go out the way you came in. I bid you farewell, sir, unless you seek a fate less kind!”

“Not so fast, Alana,” spoke Relean as he approached the counter. Pulling a stool out, he sat with his chin buried in his hands. “Tell me, are you always this unfair to your suitors?”

“Suitors?” Alana nearly spat the word with disdain. “You have broken into my pub after hours and you feign to call yourself a suitor?” Alana’s small, pert breasts heaved against her dress as she breathed in long, heavy pants.

“I dare feign to call myself that, indeed! Allow me to properly introduce myself, Alana of Nowhere. My name is Relean, also of Nowhere. I dare say we may have more in common than you dare to reveal, currently.” His mouth curled into a devilish grin, revealing nearly perfect teeth, which complimented his deep eyes nicely. His skin was tan, but marked by visible scars, she observed, as though he had been in battle. She gazed into his deep, mysterious eyes, probing his secrets. “I must say, Alana,” he began, pulling her out of her thoughts, “you are by far the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.”

“That’s not true, at all. I’m pleasant-looking, but not beautiful.”

“I dare to disagree,” Relean spoke softly, guiding himself from his barstool and rounding the corner. He took her softly in his arms, disarming her, and whispered in her ear, “I know your secrets, Alana. Your name means ‘soft wind,’ and your story is complicated because you aren’t human. Neither am I. You’re a mage, and an Elven mage at that. You are far too powerful to make the humans comfortable. Elven mages are otherwise banished in this world, no? Your kind were all slaughtered when you were young, but somehow you escaped the brutality and were raised among humans. You haven’t seen another elf in hundreds of human years, and yet you appear to be no more than twenty-five years old to human eyes. I know all of your secrets, Alana, for they are mine, too.” 

Her arms fell limp and the dagger dropped to the counter. She could barely move, but turned to see a somewhat different-looking man standing behind her. He had broken the charm he held over his appearance, the same spell she had learned ages ago. The same charm she had not broken since. She saw the distinctive point of his ears; the proud, thin features of his face; and his eyes. His eyes had not changed. In his vanity, he had apparently decided not to hide his eyes. Not that it mattered, as humans almost never detected the distinctive charm of elven eyes.

She gazed into the deep pools of his eyes, telling him all of her secrets in her mind. He heard her speaking to him and drew her close to his body. Finally, he said aloud, “Your beauty is only surpassed by your power. I hear your thoughts so clearly! I knew female elven mages were more powerful, but I had hardly suspected this!”

Smiling with a degree of pride, Alana countered, “What about you? You vanish in and out of existence as you please! I certainly can not do that!” 

Relean had talked enough for the moment. He moved in slowly toward her lips, kissing her passionately, silencing her. She hesitated for a moment, but gazed into his eyes, and her resistance was lost. She kissed him deeply, passionately… a feeling she had never known possible before now. He smiled at her as he abruptly ended their kiss. “Let me see if my sight is still accurate. Break your charm, Alana… I want to see you. The real you.” 

Before his eyes, the plain, but pleasant-looking, barmaid transformed from a woman of five feet two inches tall with dull brown hair and flat brown eyes to a proud woman of five feet five inches with fiery auburn hair and mesmerizing green eyes. Her hair shimmered vibrantly in the dull light, streaks of gold tracing through the dusky red mane. Her eyes almost shocked him with their vivacity, and her eyes stood at a proud point. Her features were sharply defined and her skin was fair. She obviously descended from royalty, at one long-forgotten point in history.

Relean stood, breathless… captivated by this remarkable woman. “Outstanding, my love,” he choked in a breathy appraisal. His words caught in his throat as he tried to speak them. All of the magic in the world could not have prepared him for what he now beheld. Her dress, now somewhat too small, clung desperately to her small, pert breasts, pushed to surface by the corsets she wore in her human form. Her waist was small and her hips were defined, but not large, with slender, creamy thighs and long, defined legs. The dress that once fit a human barmaid now clung to the figure of an elven princess. “Alana, you are gorgeous.” A tear slowly dropped from Relean’s eye as he appraised her. He counted many gorgeous women amongst his conquests over countless years, but he had never seen an elven maiden.

Alana heard his thoughts, humbling her. “You compliment me highly, Relean.” She gazed into his water-blue eyes and began to lose herself there. “May I kiss you…?” she began to ask, but was cut short by Relean’s impassioned kiss. His tongue caressed her lips gently as he kissed her deeply, finally gaining entrance to her mouth. His deft hands pulled her to his body and he began gently massaging her lower back and her shapely rear. Finally able to break his kiss, he softly kissed her neck and nibbled her earlobes playfully.

“Honestly, I want to do more than compliment you, tonight. I have watched you all evening, Alana… but even I wasn’t prepared for what I have seen.”

She stared at him in disbelief… disbelief that she was kissing another elf; but, moreover, disbelief that the most gorgeous creature she had ever witnessed actually desired her. Just as she desired him. She felt a strange warmth growing within her. She recognized the feeling from her magic use, but this was different – stronger, more urgent. She wanted his touch… whatever he would offer. It was against her entire nature, but true nonetheless. Impassioned, she kissed him deeply, pulling him toward her, this time… her body pressing against his in all the right places to excite his senses. She felt a growing warmth against her belly as he kissed her with an equal passion.

“Alana, do you have a place to stay anywhere nearby? I would prefer a bedroll of some sort if we are to be together. I want to make you comfortable.”

“There is a room over this pub. It is small, but it is where I stay. Follow me,” she cooed as she began to unlace her dress and lead him to the door. The door to the darkened stairway seemed to open out of nowhere, out of the middle of a wall, as if hiding the existence of the room. They fumbled up the steps and closed the heavy door behind them.

The small, sparingly furnished room was already lit by a candle in the corner of the room. Their elven eyes needed almost no light to see one another sharply. Alana closed the door at the top of the stairs behind them, and it, too, seemed to disappear instantly. Relean moved close to her and took her in his arms. He kissed her neck softly, whispering, “I want to make love with you, Alana. You are the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen, and I want to make you mine. Will you do me that honor?”

“Yes, Relean, I…” her voice trailed off as he kissed her, but that is all the affirmation he needed. He wanted to feel his skin against the skin of one of his own kind… feel himself surrounded by the warmth of an elven woman. He kissed her deeply, holding his princess in his arms, realizing the treasure he held. She moved against his body, her own skin in desperate need of his touch. Slowly he took the laces of her dress and began unfastening them. His fingers far more deft than human males, he unlaced the dress with relative ease and slid the material over her shapely frame as it pooled around her ankles. He stood appraising her now in just her undergarments and slips. He gently stripped the layers of slips and undergarments away to reveal her soft, feminine figure. Elven women, not able to tout the hips and breasts of human women, are gorgeous, nonetheless. Her skin was milky and her hair reflected the soft golden light in the room. Her eyes were like fire, even now, and her thin, perfect lips moved ever close to his, embracing his lips in a kiss.

Relean inhaled sharply. His years of mental training to be inconspicuous, reserved, patient, and strong-willed all suddenly fell to the floor with Alana’s undergarments. His body betrayed his mind and he wanted her. Gazing deeply into Alana’s mesmerizing eyes, Relean asked quickly, “May I touch you?” Suddenly his lips were upon her and he guided her slowly to the floor. Kneeling above her, he quickly peeled off his vest and shirt, then broke their kiss only momentarily to stand and shed his pants and undergarments. The deft precision with which Relean removed his clothing was an exercise in discipline by itself. His mind was clearly preoccupied, and his only want was to be naked with this elven goddess. He instantly rejoined her, kissing her passionately, running his hands over her body and feeling the warmth of her smooth skin.

His body instinctively moved against hers, his throbbing erection dancing against her belly as he kissed her. Slowly his lips worked down her body and his mouth enveloped a small, pert nipple. Alana’s body reacted with swift precision, bucking against him, her breath becoming noticeably faster and more constricted. She moaned silently, her mouth forming words her voice would not allow. Relean, pleased by his skill, continued to tease her nipple with his mouth while playing with the other perfectly sized breast in his free hand. The combination sent her over the edge. Alana had never experienced the pleasures of the flesh, and in being so inexperienced, Relean’s expert touch sent her flying too quickly. With a scream and a jerk of her hips, her entire body convulsed against Relean, who quickly moved to her, kissing her, pressing his weight against her to steady her through her intense orgasm. Her face went pink with embarrassment and she asked, “Did I do something wrong?”

Kissing her and smiling, Relean spoke, “Quite the contrary, my delicate princess. You have done everything right. Have you never experienced a climax?”

“I’ve heard about them… men talking in the pub, mostly, but… no, I’ve never experienced one, before.”

“Your other lovers have been inadequate, I see. I am not one to feel pleasure without giving it.”

“I’ve had no other lovers, Relean.”

A look of surprise and quiet appreciation swept over his face. “You’re a virgin?”

“Yes, I suppose. I’ve never been intimate with a man, if that’s what you’re asking me.”

Relean paused, considering this reality. “Are you sure you still wish to be with me, then?” While he wanted her with all of his passion, he didn’t want to take advantage of her virgin body, either.

Alana looked deep into Relean’s deep, shimmering eyes and spoke confidently as she said, “With all of my being I want to be with you.”

Relean’s heart fluttered as he took Alana in his arms once again. His passion had not diminished, but his heart had changed. He kissed Alana softly and tenderly, holding her to his body. Their tongues danced over one another in a slow, passionate foreplay. Relean worked his hands slowly over Alana’s body, working from neck to toe, tracing small paths with his fingertips as her body shuddered. He slowly kissed the creamy insides of her delicate thighs as his tongue danced over the moist slit of her hairless vagina. He was delighted to know that the rumor was true: elven women have no body hair, other than the hair on their heads. 

He pushed his tongue slowly inside of her wet cavity and stoked along her slit in slow, attentive strokes. His tongue found her clit and slowly began to stroke the sensitive area. Alana’s body bucked against his as he stroked her clit and licked her vagina. He loved the sweet way she tasted – like honey and wildflowers. Her smell was intoxicating, and he wanted more. He continued to kiss and suckle her clit until she was again screaming against him. This time she took the process more in stride. She sighed contentedly and breathed heavily as she descended from her climax. She wanted to touch her lover, to look into the eyes of the man who was bringing her body such pleasure. She slowly drew his head toward hers and after only a moment’s hesitation, kissed him passionately, tasting her own juices flowing over her tongue. Quickly her taste disappeared and she kissed him more deeply, her tongue venturing into his mouth. She looked deep into his eyes as they kissed and she broke their kiss momentarily to tell him the only thing on her mind. “I want to be one with you.”

He nodded softly and stroked his throbbing erection one time, guiding his manhood slowly into her. He pushed in only the head between her folds and waited for her body to adjust to his size. Even in this he could feel her virgin tightness enfolding him and he had to take a deep breath before proceeding. Once she was ready, he pushed the length of his penis slowly into her body. She gasped in shock as he filled her completely. He stopped suddenly and asked, “Are you alright, my love? Am I hurting you?”

Alana shook her head briskly. “No,” she replied. “You feel so good… I’ve never felt this way, before.”

“I want to make you feel good, my darling. I want you to feel passion and love as we twist our bodies around one another.” With that, he slowly filled her body with the rest of his erection. She was surprised by his size. She had no idea what to expect, but she estimated that his penis was almost seven inches long when fully erect. Regardless of what size it was, it filled her completely. She felt… good, for lack of another word. Few words came to her in that moment, but she knew how she felt. She felt complete and passionate. She didn’t know how her body could possibly withstand it, but she wanted more, indeed!

Instinctively her hips began to slowly rock against his body, and she felt his erection slide slowly in and out of her. She didn’t know that it got better! He looked alarmed and gazed into her eyes. “Are you sure you’re ready for this… for me? For us?”

Alana nodded her affirmation and Relean kissed her deeply, slowly, tenderly. She detected a strange feeling in the back of his mind when he was kissing her, now, and she wondered what it was. She knew it wasn’t bad, whatever it was, but she was curious. At that moment Relean began to rock his hips against her body. She would think of the thoughts in his mind later. Now she wanted whatever he could offer her physically.

Relean again engaged his disciplined mind, hoping to gain control over his engorged penis and his thrusting hips. He wanted to make love to this woman, not just to fuck her and leave her there, wanting. He slowed his hips dramatically and took up a slow and steady thrusting rhythm against her body. For minutes his lips never left hers, his arms embracing her. Her hands cupped his face and caressed his chest softly, holding him to her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and clung to him as he pulsed against her. He felt so good inside of her that she never wanted him to leave, never wanted to do anything but make love with this man. He gazed down into her eyes like rivers of fire. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Her passion danced in her eyes, gazing back at him. And there was something else there… something aloof, but he would worry of that later as long as he wasn’t hurting her physically.

As if to verify his own reality, he pulled her hair back gently away from her ears, revealing their dramatic points. He gazed again into her eyes and kissed her, assured of his actions. He pulled out of her body slowly and then pushed back in even further. Each stroke made Alana catch her breath in her throat. She never realized that pleasure so real could exist. She felt Relean’s rhythm catch and his breathing quicken. She placed a loving hand upon her partner’s chest and whispered, “Are you alright, my lover?”

Relean caught his breath but for a moment and panted, “Yes.” His words, but not his hips, pausing, he continued in a soft voice, “Remember the climax you felt, earlier? I want to do that, too. Is that okay with you?”

Alana’s heart shattered into a million shimmering pieces at his concern and she smiled at him, replying, “Of course, my love. I want you to feel as good as you have made me feel!”

Relean’s rhythm changed to a faster, more intense thrusting as he neared orgasm. His breath came in pants and he clung to his partner as he thrust his hips against her. His body began to convulse and his mouth opened, allowing a gasp to escape. Alana felt the warmth of his seed spread through her body as he emptied the fluids of his climax deep inside of her. “Oh, gods!” Relean exclaimed as he finally allowed his body to orgasm.

Relean took Alana’s hand and kissed it softly as he gazed passionately at her. She held him close to her, not wanting him to leave her body. She felt so content, so complete at that moment. He pushed against her and laid atop her body, cuddling her. “Are you okay, my darling?” he asked softly.
