 Considering her question, he found no room for hesitation. "Of course, my darling," he replied and rolled next to her, taking her in his arms. While she was disappointed that his quickly diminishing member left her body, the feeling of being wrapped in his arms was intense. She craved this feeling almost as much as she had the last.

Alana, too comfortable to stand and extinguish the candle so they could sleep, extended her hand and a small, concentrated gust of wind put out the flame for her. "Wow," she heard Relean silently lip. She cuddled into him, smelling his sweet masculine smell and enjoying the warmth and strength of his embrace. He was intoxicated by her scent and sweetness, enraptured by her charm and looks, equally. While he had referred to her as his 'princess' mentally a time or two, already, he couldn't help but speculate if she had descended from true elven royalty. Her hair and eye color, combined with the absence of most color from her skin led him to believe it was possible. Her ears pointed more sharply than even his, as well, which was also a mark of royalty. Nonetheless, he treasured her and didn't want to leave.

As the pair slowly faded off into sleep in one another's arms, Alana heard Relean softly - almost inaudibly, even to her ears - whisper, "I love you." While the surprise of the statement was great, the greater shock came when she found herself replying in kind, "I love, as well, Relean." 

The next morning, Alana awoke with a start, feeling a body next to her. Instantly she recognized it as that of her lover, still holding her in his arms. "Good morning, Relean," she managed, attempting to wake him.

He sat straight up, then looked to her, as though desperately afraid of her not being there. "I am here," she mouthed softly.

"For that I am grateful, Alana," Relean replied.

"Are you going to leave, today? To what world are you now headed, my elven sorcerer?" Relean did not have an immediate answer to her question.

"I am scheduled to depart with my company for the plain lands east of here in two days." He paused again. "May I stay with you for that time?"

"I'm not quite certain how to respond to that. Yes, you may stay... I want you to stay. Honestly, I want you to stay for longer than two days! I've never known anyone like you, Relean."

"We will have to see what happens, I suppose. I will be thankful for the days we do have together, Alana. I..." Relean's voiced trailed off sadly.

Concerned, Alana inquired. "What's wrong? May I help you?"

Sadness overcame Relean's crystaline eyes as they transformed into pools of despair. "No. I fear you cannot. Just allow me to stay with you, my darling. Please."

Alana's heart softened, wanting to melt into one being with his. "Of course."

Relean seemed to be conflicted on that point - Alana sensed both relief and sadness at her reply. "Thank you," he whispered, kissing her. She returned his soft kisses, which grew over the minutes into passionate kisses. Relean ran his nimble fingers softly through Alana's smooth hair, caressing her scalp. His hands then cupped her face, holding her so completely to him. "Thank you," he repeated, kissing her deeply.

Unable to reply with her words, Alana simply returned his deep, tender kisses, caressing his body. Her body began to reveal familiar sensations to her... a tingling building inside of her... the familiar heat from last night. She moved to him even more closely and he responded. He moved so that her body was beneath him, lying on top of her frame, kissing her. He moved slowly down her already naked body, kissing and caressing her bare, pert breasts. "Oh!" she gasped, enjoying the sensations he was providing her, wanting more of him. Slowly she began to return the intimate caresses. She kissed his neck softly, listening for his response to her gentle ministrations.

"Oh, Alana!" he cooed, beginning to move against her body. She could feel his already erect manhood pressing against her belly. "My darling, I need you," he whispered into her neck as he kissed her there. "I'm sorry to be have become so impassioned so easily, but... you destroy my resistance. I want you. May I have the honor of your body, again so soon?"

Speechless, Alana gazed intently into his eyes. Their minds locked and he could hear her thoughts. 'I want you, as well, Relean... I want you on levels that I didn't know existed within me before last night. You have, in one instant in time, changed my entire world. I thought I was alone, and now realize I am not. Yes... you may have me. I want to give myself to you, in so many ways....' He gazed down at her, his heart pounding in his chest. In an instant he heard that and more. He knew all of her - her every thought, every desire, every want and need. Their thought-link became almost overwhelming as they shared such an outpouring all in one moment. His thoughts came rushing to her, much as they had the night before. While they slept she had learned so much about him. She had earlier feared that perhaps he was not real, but those doubts were put to rest during their slumber. His disciplined mind still managed to hide a few details from her, but he was known almost completely to her powerful thoughts. And she wanted him even more intensely for the knowledge. Finally able to speak, Alana simply replied, "Yes."

That was all the encouragement Relean needed, and in one movement he was inside Alana's body, slowly moving in and out of her, making tender love with her. "Alana, you feel incredible," he mused softly as he savored the feeling of her body.

She pressed against him, her hips moving in perfect rhythm with his. "Relean, you feel... oh! You feel indescribable." Again she gazed at him with her penetrating eyes and allowed him to feel what she was feeling. The pleasure coursed through his veins, doubling his own pleasure, intensifying what she was feeling as well. He knew he was about to explode inside of her, but wanted her to feel good, as well. He was hesitant to be so forward, but raised his torso from hers, allowing only their groins contact... an unbroken contact. He reached between them and inserted two fingers into her most private areas, finding the little nub he had seen in women, before. He had found this to be like a button linked directly to a woman's pleasure. Men were so ignorant of women's wants and needs, it seemed. Thank the gods for elven perception! 

He slowly massaged her pleasure nub with his two deft fingers as she screamed and jerked beneath him. Her pleasure still flowing through his thoughts, he felt her preparing to climax, and he rejoined her entire body so they could climax together. He pushed into her faster and faster, his own body about to explode. Finally her juices cascaded over his erection and she moaned in ecstasy. Her orgasm sent Relean over the edge... his body shook against her and his cock sent wave after wave of hot fluid deep into her. He released a primal yell as he emptied his prick inside of his lover. Refusing to relinquish this moment, he pushed against her softly time and time even after he had spent his load. Her pleasure ran through his body and back to her, intensified. He could feel or think nothing beside her, nor did he want to. His breath came in pants, and his mind lost clarity for a brief moment while his lips spilled a deep secret. "I love you, Alana," he whispered through his heavy breath. "I love you," he repeated.

Shocked by his words, she stared at him in bewilderment. This simply couldn't be true, could it? A handsome elven man found her disguised as a humble bar wench, had spent the night with her, and was now professing his love for her! How could this be true? Relean seemed to awaken at that thought and stared at her, equally as bewildered. "I'm sorry, Alana. I'm sorry to frighten you with my words. I will not say them if they scare you." He took her hand and drew it to his lips, kissing her fingers softly. "Perhaps it is passion speaking, but I do love you. I fell in love with you before you even saw me. I knew what and who you were, even then."

"That's impossible. I am that transparent?"

"No, not at all, my love. Only I could see who you were. Not transparent - fantastically real!" Alana blushed at his words. Her now pink cheeks brought out the red of her hair and Relean smiled. "You are beautiful."

"I am pleased that you think so, my lord."

"I like the sound of that, Alana. Some arrogant part of me wants to be yours, so badly!"

She sent her thoughts to him, 'Some equally foolish part of me wants you to be mine.'

He smiled softly at her, his heart shattering. He kissed her delicate lips gently, caressing her face with his hands. "I do love you... and that's not passion speaking."

"Please, Relean... don't torture me so, just to leave."

"I am so sorry, my darling... I don't want to hurt you. I...." Again his voice trailed off with the sadness he had shown earlier that morning. Alana was deeply concerned, now, but he refused to share his thoughts with her. "Never mind, darling," he said simply.

"Relean, please tell me what troubles your thoughts."

"Perhaps later, darling. Perhaps later."

The pair dressed and Relean left for the day, vowing to return that evening. Alana opened the pub for business and her usual customers began trickling through the door.

Lillian arrived late, explaining herself with a question. "Did you hear all of the fuss from the village?" 

"No, what is wrong? What has transpired?"

"There are great travelers in town! They travel in disguise, thinking they will not be recognized. Fools! Everyone knows the legends of these men! It is said that one among them is actual an elven sorcerer, and he was captured by these men many years ago. He disguises himself as a human with his magic! He owes his life to these men! Why did they not kill him instantly? Elven sorcerer, indeed! Vile, disgusting beings that need to be eradicated! They pose a threat to all of humanity! If he left their party they'd surely kill him - and anyone who aided him! How exciting!"

Alana had been attempting to keep her feelings inside of herself, not allowing them to get the better of her, but finally she could take no more. She knew the whispers were true. How had they found out? That's what saddened Relean so! Alana had listen to enough of this treachery. "Enough, Lillian!" Alana's voice boomed over the crowd, venom dripping from her tone. "I will hear no more of this! That is a live being, of which you speak! How dare you so casually decide who has the right to live! Barbarian! Imagine if the situation was different, for a moment, will you? Imagine if your people had been hunted and slaughtered - your family killed before your very eyes when you were but a child! Then, imagine if you had to spend the rest of your life alone and scared, hiding who you were from those ignorant savages around you who feared you unjustly! Imagine this poor man's pain!"

Lillian stared at Alana, dumbfounded. Finally, she spoke cattily, "You sure have abundant pity for a silly elf!"

Alana dodged, trying to cover her tracks. She could never help Relean if she was found out, herself. "Perhaps it is easier for me to understand, since my family was killed, as well. Forgive my temper, Lillian. Just please find your tables and see if they need another round."

"Sure thing, boss," Lillian said. Alana shot her a look of disgust, quieting her. Few people knew that Alana actually owned the pub. After all, who would frequent a pub owned by a woman? Lillian went about waiting her tables and Alana the same, staring nervously at the door the entire evening. When Relean and his men ambled through the door that evening, she had never been happier to see any person in her life.

Alana approached their table as soon as they were seated and spoke, "Gentlemen, it's nice to see you return this evening! Would you like the same as you had last night?"

Her eyes locked with Relean's and quickly she trasmitted the thought, "I know your story. Please stay, tonight. I'll help you."

She scanned the table and smiled at the roughest looking man there. He replied, "That sounds great! And bring us some food, as well, wench! We are hungry!"

Alana cringed, but only mentally. "What would you like to eat, sire?"

"What is good?"

"Tonight we're offering a cut of meat served with potatoes and bread. How does that sound?"

"Bring us four. The little fuck here doesn't eat much!"

"But he can drink you under the table, Dorian!" The men all laughed heartily at the large man's expense... all except for Relean. 

Alana simply replied, "Four meals it is. I'll bring those and a round of ale right away!"

"Make it fast, wench!" the one apparently named Dorian cried after her.

Alana drudged through the rest of the evening, attending to countless tables of arrogant, condescending men. She, tonight, noticed that she had tables of countless variations of humanoid races - all except for elves. Until now she had not realized how lonely her heart truly was, alone among so many people. Upon closing she searched the perimeter for Relean, but did not see him. She sat at the table in the corner that his party always chose, but he failed to arrive. Almost an hour later, she moved to the bar and poured herself a glass of elven wine she had hidden in a trap door behind the bar. She had smuggled it in many years ago, and decided to open it tonight. After a few drinks of the potently sophisticated drink, she swore she heard a faint noise in the loft above.

Startled, Alana rose immediately from the stool and found her dagger. She proceeded slowly up the stairs, willing herself as invisible as she could manage. As she peered around the door, she saw Relean laying on her bedroll, sparsely clad. "Relean! How did you get in here? And why are you up here? I thought for sure you had left for good!" She ran to him, dropping her dagger behind her, the door closing with a 'thud.' He took her into his arms, kissing her passionately.

"Of course I came, my darling."

"Relean... I know what makes you so sad. You are a captive, are you not? Lillian, today, told me of what she had heard in town. I had never heard the legends of these men as so many apparently have. How can I help you?"

Defeated, tears forming in his eyes, Relean spoke softly, "There's nothing you can do. And, besides... even if you did, they'd just kill you, too, then." He added with venom, "And I will not allow harm to come to you."

Alana paused, looking into Relean's eyes and saw her world. She gazed deeply at him and kissed his cheek softly. A tear formed on Alana's cheek as she spoke, "Don't leave me, my darling. Please don't leave me. I love you, Relean. I love you!"

His heart nearly froze in his chest as she spoke the words freely to him he so longed to hear. "Oh, Alana! Don't say that if you don't mean it! Please... I don't know if I could take it, my darling."

Alana wept as she looked at him. "No, Relean. I mean it. I really mean it. I want you to stay with me. Stay forever, please! I love you." The next thing she was aware of was being swept into his arms and making love with him. Their eyes never broke contact for one moment... not a nuance passed in which they were not mentally connected as he touched her body so softly, exploring her, learning her frame. He wanted to know his lover so completely, and she wanted to give herself to him that way. They touched tenderly for what may have been hours before he finally parted her legs with his thigh, gently penetrating her body with his erection.

He slid slowly into her body, filling her with both physical sensation and emotional completion. "I love you," he whispered as he stroked gently in and out of her body. As though drunk on human ale, the words would not cease pouring from his mouth, over and over again. "I love you, Alana... I love you. I love you so completely, Alana. I want to make love with you, I want to be yours. I love you."

Alana clung to his strong, lean body, finding comfort in his touch, feeling him move inside of her. After nearly an hour of slow, tender lovemaking, Relean's body began to twitch as he gently increased his speed against Alana's body. "Oh, sweetheart!" he cried, rocking his hips against her with a sweet urgency that made her want to cry tears of happiness.

"Relean, I want you to feel good, my darling... I love making love with you!"

"Sweetheart," he whispered, sounding breathless, "I'm going to spill my seed inside of you."

"Yes, my darling!" came her response to his much-awaited climax. She felt him send hot streams of fluid inside of her and she clung to his body, her own climax wracking her body. "Oh, Relean!" she cried his name in pleasure.

After their impassioned lovemaking, they clung to one another, naked and scheming. "Relean, you can't leave, my darling. I won't let those bastards take you away from me! I love you, and I will not lose you."

"Alana, if only it were that simple. They have held me as their prisoner for many long years, vowing to kill any who would help me escape."

"Yes, Relean, but we now have the combined power of our minds to charm them, and possibly escape."

"But to where? Where could we possibly hide that we would not spend our lives looking over our shoulders, fearing shadows?"

Pausing, Alana drew a deep breath and gazed directly into Relean's eyes. "This may be hard for you to believe, but I think I may actually have an answer to that question." She paused for a long moment, collecting the nerve to speak her thoughts. "I have recently been in mental contact with some of my relatives I presumed long-dead. There is a movement gathering... a coalition of the last Elves of this world. They are gathering near my birthplace and gaining power. They have found Elves scattered throughout this land and are steadily growing in number, living in shadow deep within the Elbaron Woods."

Relean stared, amazed by several elements of her story. "While the thought is distant to me, I am amazed and happy, nonetheless. I had thought the time of the Elves to be long forsaken! But moreover, Alana, your birthplace... was in the Elbaron Woods? I had wondered when I first saw you if it was possible that you descended from nobility, but... this further sparks my interest. The Elves of the Elbaron Woods were of the highest orders, is it so... are you of the Elven royalty."

"Relean, do not speak of order and royalty at this time. The Elven kingdom, such as it is, is sparse and far away. However, I will answer your question." As though embarrassed of what she was about to say, she averted her eyes from his piercing gaze, speaking softly, quickly, but assuredly. "If the Elven kingdom were to reunite, I am the rightful heir to the Elbaron throne. I was to be Queen."

Staring at her, he saw what she said was true. Relean was speechless, gazing at her. "Queen? You are Queen, Alana?"

"No, Relean, I was to be Queen... long ago and far away. Before our people were viscously destroyed by human ignorance, jealousy, and fear!" The passion of a queen rose in her eyes, her eyes gleaming a fiery green and picking up the gold lights in her hair. "I never realized my appointment due to their evil! The Elven empire was a strong kingdom. We never sought power, only the freedom to exercise our own power within our own lands. We never overstepped our boundaries, never conquered and raped as humans do!" She spit the words out of her mouth as though they were poison and pierced through Relean's eyes. She was tired of words. She sent to him her thoughts, 'Relean, I will not let you return to those barbarians. You will come with me and we will reclaim our rightful place within this world. Even if we must live in shadows for a time, the day will come when Elves walk freely in this beautiful world... when my true skin will see the sun's gentle rays!'
