 Sebastian Laska was having the worst day of his life. It was supposed to be the last day of his vacation, the final, glorious twenty-four hours before his return to the soul-crushing paper-pushing he called a "career." He would wake up, have coffee, grab groceries, turn on the TV, and zone out. No thoughts about Laurie, the woman he thought would be the love of his life, who had left five weeks previously, nor of the dread he felt about returning to work. 

Unfortunately, it was not meant to be. 

Sebastian was not an especially tall man, topping out at five feet and six inches, and his figure was best described as feminine. His slim torso flared out into hips wider than most men his age, his arms were pleasantly thin, and he could never manage to grow facial hair. He'd long been mocked for his androgynous looks. He kept his mostly-straight brown hair slightly past his eyes, and when it got too long the fringes curled slightly. He occasionally wore subtle lipstick, simply because he felt it complemented his face. He was not, all things considered, unattractive, but was certainly not model material. 

This particular day began its spiral into hell at 7:34 AM. The phone rang, a shrill, irritating sound that Sebastian loathed, but he had never bothered trying to change the ring. On the other end was his supervisor, Robert, a young redheaded gay man whom Sebastian had an easy friendship with. Their mutual hatred for the only course of work available to them led to many nights spent at the bar a few streets over, Robert's boyfriend joining them for a night of bitching, which recently had included the couple trying to help Sebastian pick up a date. 

Today though, work went from bad to much, much worse. 

"I have some shitty news, bud," Robert's voice sounded through the receiver, "Our whole division's been liquidated. We're both fucked." 

"We've been laid off? What the fuck for?" 

"Our department is 'a waste of out noble company's resources,' apparently." 

"Shit, man. What are we gonna do?" 

Robert was silent for a moment. "Well, Seb, I get severance. You don't. I'm sorry." 

Sebastian hung up without another word. 

Robert did have one thing right, he thought, I certainly am fucked. He was four months behind on the rent for his shitty three-room apartment, and the landlord wasn't going to wait much longer. With no job, he didn't know how long he'd last before homelessness. 

He sighed, rubbed the sleep from his eyes, and cussed. 

* 

About an hour later, he went for a walk. No girlfriend, no job, probably no apartment. No family either, he mused, since he'd been in foster care with no idea of his parents' identity, and he'd left for college on uneasy footing with his caretakers. He had nowhere to turn to. 

He spent a few precious dollars on a cheap cup of coffee from the local cafe. A miserably weak beverage, but given the circumstances he couldn't ask for much more. The shopping center of this part of town was unusually silent for early autumn, although the overcast sky betrayed the crisp temperature. Something, however, caught his eye. An unfamiliar building. 

What the hell? 

Had he not noticed any construction on this street somehow? Surely it would've been in the news, he reasoned. And he visited Canal Street all the time. The building looked old. Maybe I've just never noticed it. The text in the window had faded over time, and he paused to read the name of the shop. INYAREL CURIOS. 

He entered, the bell hanging from the door ringing as it opened. 

The shelves of the shop were lined with esoteric gems. Books with illegible titles, polished gemstones that radiated an otherworldly light. The store smelled wonderful, some sort of incense with a scent of apples and honey. 

At the counter sat a young woman. Slightly taller than him, he guessed, wearing a light silver dress. Fairly cute, with hair a soft blonde. She looked up as he entered, previously having been occupied by a large book in a language he did not recognize. Russian, maybe? Certainly nothing with familiar letters. The woman made eye contact with him, then looked him over, head to toe, with a furrowed brow. "Hi-" he managed to say, but was cut off by a gesture of her hand. 

She suddenly smiled, and said, so quickly he barely caught it, "I know exactly what you need!" before vanishing into the back room behind a curtain. 

She reappeared just as suddenly, holding a small box covered in some sort of carved pattern. A bright green gem, polished to perfection, was in the top. She passed it over the counter to him, smiling from ear to ear. "This!" 

"What-" She cut him off again. 

"This is what you need! Take it. It's on the house." 

She gestured for him, to leave, and he exited more confused than he had been in a long time. 

* 

He stared at the box on his end table. The carvings, he decided, were definitely runes of some sort. Like in a fantasy novel, he thought to himself before chuckling. I bet if I open this and say the right thing, I'll be transported into some sort of magical land. He couldn't help but grin at such a silly idea. As he looked the box over, though, he did notice that it had no apparent way of opening. Sebastian sighed. 

He set the useless thing down and lay on the couch. "Christ," he said, "I wish I could get the hell out of here." 

The green jewel glowed, and everything, from the perspective of Sebastian Laska, was bathed in green light. 

Sebastian came to after what felt like eternity. He was on a slab made of white marble, carved into an ornate altar of some sort. The room was full of potted plants, and butterflies of all sorts of colors flew above him. The sun filtered in through eight windows in the domed ceiling, illuminating the room. A pair of extravagant wooden doors stood across from him. As soon as he sat up, they opened. Five figures, all dressed in elegant white robes, entered. All were women, apparently between the ages of fifty and seventy. Their hair colors ranged from white to red to blonde, but the lines on their faces betrayed their true ages. 

"You have arrived," one said, "Welcome to Inyarel." 

Another chimed in before Sebastian had a chance to speak. "The world of the elves." 

"We are the Council of Elders," the oldest one said, "We have selected you for an important purpose here. We need your help." 

Sebastian stared at them in confusion. Was this a dream? Some bizarre prank? All five did have long, pointed ears. 

"Come. You must rest. Once you are well we will explain your reason for coming here," the youngest, a blonde of maybe fifty, said. 

Two of the strangers helped him to his feet and brought him through the doors. 

* 

"So you're telling me," Sebastian said, many hours later, "That the race of elves has been dying due to a plague set in motion two centuries ago that all but wiped out the population of men?" 

"Exactly," said Jraenys, the eldest, "We brought you here as the first human. You are biologically similar enough to elves that your kind can help us repopulate." 

"And I should believe you because..?" 

"If you don't believe us, we can send you home. We selected you because you have no future there." 

"And I have to... 'help repopulate' with- with you?" 

The elder laughed. "Of course not, child. I am many centuries old and far beyond my reproductive time. All the elders are. I'm sure you'll have no problem finding one-- or many-- young women. The few elf men remaining are quite hard to come by." 

Sebastian sighed in relief. "I..." He hesitated. "I guess I'll stay." 

"Good. We will send Lestwin to be your guide and educator. She is one of the noblest warriors in the kingdom and will be all too happy to aid you." 

* 

Scarcely an hour had passed when a young elf arrived. She was slightly shorter than Sebastian, maybe five-foot-three. She was slim, a thin figure flaring into wide, gorgeous hips, which themselves led to long, smooth legs and an ass to die for. Her breasts were small but perky, pale skin exposed through the cleavage of her plain, tight white dress. Her face was slender, and she grinned slightly as she entered. She had a small beauty mark just above her upper lip, and her short, straight hair was a perfect mix of red, brown, and just enough blonde to be noticeable. True auburn. 

"Hey!" she said excitedly as she entered, "I'm Lestwin." 

She extended her hand, and he took it. Her smooth, thin fingers ended in meticulously manicured nails. "Sebastian." 

"Nice to meet you," she said, "Now, before we begin, do you have any questions?" 

"Before we begin what?" 

"Your teachings, of course!" She grinned at him, "The elders told me to tell you everything about our world." 

"Oh. Right. I do, actually, have a few questions. How, exactly, am I supposed to help you with repopulation?" 

She stared at him for a moment before bursting into laughter. "Repopulation? That's what the elders told you?" 

"Yes..." 

The elf managed to stifle her remaining laughs. "Well, I guess it is technically true. The population of elves with penises has been all but obliterated. But your goal isn't to," She shuddered, "impregnate us." She spat the word out like a bitter pill. "Sure, maybe we'll eventually have to breed with humans, but not for many more centuries!" 

"Then why am I here?" 

"The elders try to plan ahead. I suppose you're really here as a test of their magic. To see if we can actually transport your kind here if necessary." She sighed and leaned back. "'Repopulation.' Damn. That's a good one." 

Sebastian stared at his feet. 

Lestwin sat up. "Well," she started, "I suppose I have to actually teach you now." 

* 

"Inyarel," she began, "Is only one of five elven provinces here. It is the Land of Bells. Our population is small, but the White One, Jraenys, holds considerable political and magical power. The town we are in is Juryarel, the capital of the province. The other towns are separated from us by a great forest. The Fae dwell nearby as well, in their sacred cities. Perhaps you'll meet them someday." 

She paused before bringing a map out of the trunk that she had left in the hallway and pointing out the geography of the region to him. Juryarel was indeed the center of the province, with several smaller towns surrounding it a few miles away. The province was dominated by a large forest. Far to the west was a large city labeled "LINVALE -- CITY OF THE FAE." 

While Sebastian studied the map, Lestwin stared at the wall, lost in thought before chuckling to herself. Sebastian swore he caught the word "repopulation" among her stifled laughs. 

The gorgeous elf spoke up. "If you did try to-" she paused again before continuing with the exact same disgust she had when discussing the word before, her face in a grimace, as if she had tried to drink mud- "impregnate an elf, it would take a long time. Elves do not conceive easily, even with others of our kind." 

"Honestly," Sebastian said, turning his attention away from the map, "It was one hell of a relief when you told me that wasn't really my purpose here." 

Lestwin smiled at him. "Come," she said, standing and grabbing his hand, "You should come see your new home." 

* 

As the two of them walked Lestwin explained elven living. Elves lived in magnificent, vast round houses of living wood and rock, shared by anywhere from five to twelve people living together. Lestwin's house could hold seven occupants, but currently only herself, her sister, and a friend of theirs lived there. As they walked, the two of them brought stares from the elven women in the street, many gossiping amongst themselves and pointing at the male in their midst. Lestwin seemed to enjoy the attention. 

"So," Sebastian began as they turned another corner on the cobblestone streets, "What are your housemates like?" 

"My sister is a very skilled mage," Lestwin answered, "And Mailea grows herbs and makes potions. Her medicines are renowned." 

Sebastian nodded. "How old are you?" 

The auburn-haired girl gave him an askance look. "Isn't that question considered rude among your people?" 

He looked at the ground and blushed. "Sorry." 

Lestwin laughed. "I'm just teasing you! How old do you think I am?" 

"I don't know, maybe twenty-two?" She can't possibly be older than that. 

Her only response was another bright laugh. 

* 

Lestwin's house was ornate, smooth carved marble and living vines and trunks, forming a large rounded mansion on the outskirts of town. A long garden stretched out to the side and behind it, many beautiful, fantastic plants of all colors and sizes growing. Past the garden were several acres of forest. Sebastian was in awe. The elf led him immediately inside. 

Sitting on a white sofa was another elf. Slightly taller than Lestwin, she was clad in a deep blue robe. Her hair was slightly longer than the other elf's, and was a very light brown and very wavy. "Lisdes!" Lestwin called to her, "Meet our new housemate!" 

Lisdes stood and walked over, a warm smile on her face as she shook Sebastian's hand. Where her sister was slender, Lisdes was all luscious curves. Standing, her robe was only slightly less tight than Lestwin's dress, the deep neck emphasizing her large, soft, round breasts. Her hips were wider than her sister's, leading into slightly plumper legs and a full, incredible ass. Her nose was also more emphasized, and her face more rounded. The two together were a more gorgeous pair than any human girls he'd ever seen. 

After introductions were finished, the three settled down to a dinner of vegetable stew that Mailea had prepared that morning. "She's out of town," Lisdes explained, "She went off to Nuryarel to trade there. She'll probably be back tomorrow." 

It was the greatest meal Sebastian had ever tasted. 

* 

After dinner, Sebastian was shown to his room, up the curved staircase and onto the balcony that made up the main hallway of the second floor. Spacious, the only furniture in the room was a very large bed, with soft white sheets and pillows, and a soft stool of a foam-like substance next to it. It reminded him of an aerobics step, something his ex-girlfriend had kept around the apartment to do aerobics with. Once he'd tested out the bed, the two girls directed Sebastian to their bathing room, down in the basement. There a natural hot spring provided water for baths in a large marble tub. 

Sebastian took a long, relaxing soak and emerged feeling better than he ever had. 

When he returned upstairs, clad only in the towel they provided for him, the two girls were talking. Lisdes stood and greeted him. "How was your ba- hey!" 

Lestwin had stood too, and was groping her sister's breasts through her robe from behind, kissing the other elf's neck. She roughly kneaded the full globes, pinching the nipples of the other girl, who stifled a groan. Sebastian was stunned. "I thought-" He started, "I thought you were sisters!" 

Lestwin giggled and began sucking the exposed skin of the buxom girl's neck. Lisdes sighed exasperatedly at her. "We're spirit sisters," she explained, "Bound together as best friends and partners. We aren't actually related. Would you cut that out!?" She exclaimed, pulling away from Lestwin, rubbing her neck where the thinner girl had given her a hickey. 

"Oh come on," Lestwin said, grinning, "You know you like it. Your nipples betray you." 

Lisdes' nipples were indeed stiff, showing through the fabric of her robe. Sebastian found himself struggling to hide an erection. "I bet you're soooo wet, too," Lestwin said, licking her lips seductively, "Don't you want me to make you feel all better?" 

Lisdes let out a final sigh before relenting. "Fine. Let's take this upstairs. And by the way," she said to Sebastian, "Call me Lis." 

* 

The three of them found themselves in Sebastian's room, and as soon as the door was closed Lis yanked his towel away. She knelt down and began to massage his half-hard cock, her hands quickly bringing it to a full erection. Lestwin occupied herself by kissing him deeply, her tongue invading his mouth. He let out a groan as he was enveloped by the warmth of Lis' mouth,her tongue dancing on the underside of his erection as she slowly took his head into her lips. It was the greatest feeling he'd ever known-- infinitely better than any sex he'd ever had on Earth. The auburn-haired girl broke away to strip, her dress and bra soon discarded, her soft, perky breasts exposed. She dropped her panties too, revealing a neatly-trimmed pussy that was dripping with wetness. She smiled at Sebastian and knelt down behind Lis, groping the other girl's breasts again, pulling her away from Sebastian's hardness. The two girls kissed briefly before Lestwin took his length between her ruby lips, sucking softly at his flesh. 

Lis stripped equally as fast, her full globes more amazing than Sebastian had dreamed. Her public hair was slightly wilder than Lestwin's, but her curls were still barely there. She sauntered over to the two of them, hips swinging with every step. She kissed Sebastian's prominent collarbone, while one of her hands pinched his sensitive nipple. Lestwin released his cock, and he gasped in dismay as the incredible feeling was lost. The slimmer girl pushed him onto the bed, and climbed atop him, the dripping folds of her pussy gently grinding against the head of his member. He let out another groan as she slid, incredibly slowly, down him, and she let out a soft gasp as well as their hips met. 

Lisdes knelt on the step next to the bed, and Sebastian turned his head to take one of her soft breasts into his mouth, biting on the hard nipple gently before sucking, enticing a groan out of the mousy-haired elf. One of his hands went to grasp the free breast, gently squeezing the soft flesh before he pinched her nipple and slowly twisted, other fingers resting gently along the amazing, perfect tit. The noises Lis produced only aroused Sebastian more, his free hand dipping between her legs to feel her soaking center. He slid two fingers inside her folds, his thumb stroking her erect clit in soft circles, and before long she had braced her hands against the bed and thrust her amazing hips against his fingers. 

While Lisdes was reveling in her new lover's ministrations, eyes closed tightly to focus on sensation, moaning and gasping at the feelings, Lestwin moved incredibly slowly. She slid up and down Sebastian's thick cock at an agonizing pace, teasing him, making him as frustrated as possible. She rose until only his head was left inside her and slid down ever so slowly. She wanted-- needed-- to speed up, to bounce atop him, but decided to wait until Lis came. Lestwin groped her own breast with one hand, roughly squeezing it and pinching her nipple. 

Sebastian sneaked a third finger into Lis, pumping them at a quickly-increasing pace, sucking hard at her tit, occasionally biting her nipple. Her thrusts against his hand became more wild as she came closer and closer to coming, Sebastian now squeezing and playing with her free tit, occasionally stroking her hard nipple with his thumb. She groaned and pushed against his hand, burying his fingers in her all the way to the knuckle, and he felt her tighten around him, juices flooding out of her. She yelled when it happened, gasping for breath at the intensity of her orgasm, stunned that fingering could have such an effect on her-- it certainly served as good foreplay, but had never made her come like this before. 

As Lis came down from her climax, Sebastian withdrew his fingers from her drenched pussy and released her tits. He turned his attention to the elf enveloping his cock, and she grinned wider than she had all day. He reached out to rest a hand against her hip, his other moving to gently stroke her thigh, and she suddenly sped up her movements, finally allowing herself to move at the pace she wanted. He'd never felt anything so good before. Her pert breasts bounced ever so slightly with each rise and fall, and he started to move his hips up, meeting her thrust for thrust. Both had their eyes closed, taking in the sensations of filling and being filled. 
