 Author’s Notes: Okay this may not be the best thing I have written but I’ve gotten back into the groove of writing again and decided this was one of my better ideas. Depending on the reviews I may or may not post more of this story, and well, hope you all like it. ^_____________^

-------------------------------------------------

For many years the elven tribe Lai’rue has kept a sacred spell in its possession. A spell so powerful that, those highly skilled in the magical arts could bring the world to its knees. For many centuries, the knights of the Lai’rue tribe have protected it within the stronghold of Citadel Castle, and kept its location a secret. 

This ancient bloodline was said to be invincible, due to the company of one knight. His name Kae’ele, a courageous man, who feared no living being, and whose skills in combat were second to none. For years he has defended the honor of his domain, and still continues to do so.

One night, the King Mala, the highest ranked mage in all La’Dunua, had suddenly fallen ill and became bedridden. Not long afterwards, the magical barrier between the Lai’rue tribe and all the rest of their forest had faded slowly, and monsters began to run rampant however, the high sages had managed to combine their power, restoring the barrier and driving away the monsters. For the time being La’Dunua was safe.

Until one fateful day, the barrier had mysteriously vanished, leaving the La’Dunua Castle vulnerable to attack. Monsters had begun a savage attack on the castle. Although the knights had managed to put up an effort, they were no match for the power of these beasts. Kae’ele, who had been badly injured from the battle, had turned to his beloved daughter Diyala, and told her that the sudden appearance of monsters is due to one of the sages. And that she must take the spell and guard it with her life.

Doing as her father instructed, she quickly raced through the castle, and retrieved the scroll, upon in which the spell is inscribed. The monsters slowly come upon her, and once again she retreats. Finally she finds herself cornered between an elegant mirror and a hoard of monsters, along with an angry sage. Diyala quietly chants a soft prayer expecting only the worst, when suddenly the mirror pulls her through.

When her eyes opened she noticed that her surroundings were quite different. Castles seemed to become small dwellings made of wood, and giant machines now roam the roads. Finding herself lost in this new world Diyala, searches for a place that she can call home, in this strange new world.

Chapter 1: One Who Seeks Shelter.

The elven maiden looked shocked as she gazed about her surroundings, wondering, if what she saw was a dream…and if she were dreaming could she awaken from it? Closing her sky blue eyes, she leaned back against a wall in the alleyway she had appeared in. Her gentle hand scanned the wall looking for any trace of something familiar. Anything at all, like the glass of her mirror, just something that would assure her that this was only a dream. She only found what seemed to be hallowed stone, in her anguish, she gripped the scroll she was holding tighter, sliding down against the wall and sitting down on the cold concrete below her. She hung her head low and began to weep softly; and wonder what had happened. Where was she, and how would she get back home to her father? Anguish filled her heart as teardrops clear as pure water dripped slowly down her cheeks and upon her white silken dress. No sooner had the wind begun to blow, that she found herself shivering from the shear sadness she felt. The sky had begun to darken as heavy black clouds covered every inch of the blue sky; Thunder roared and a soft rain began to pour from the skies as if to comfort the new guest. But this rain proved to be aught as she stood once more, and began to walk out towards a light she saw on the ground ahead. Perhaps a sign of home she wondered as she continued her steps with a smile of hope. However her hopes came crashing down as she was sloshed with water from a puddle shot up from a fast paced car. Now soaked and dirty, she held her face in her hands as she wept bitterly; this was not home, this was not even her land. Shivering from the cold and the wetness she lean against a wall and began to slowly sit, leaning against it for support. 

“This is the end for me…” she thought as her soft golden blonde hair draped in front of her eyes; tears dripping from her cheek and mingling with the raindrops as it hit the ground.

As the wind began to blow, she found little hope in her predicament, and waited, as her body began to grow cold, and lose consciousness. 

_________________________________________________

Not too far from where the elven maiden lay, a small group of kids seeming to be in their mid to late teens, walked along, a couple of them carrying umbrellas to shield from heavy the rain; One of them being a boy, with short brown hair, brown eyes, and dark glasses, wearing blue jeans, a heavy black jacket, walking next to a girl shorter than he is, a discontented look resting upon his face. The girl looked up at him with her green eyes and smiling freckled face pondering what he was thinking.

“Hey Shiro…you okay?” she asked.

Shiro just remained silent, almost distant as he continued to stare at rain hitting the sidewalk, letting out a sigh.

“Hello…Earth to Shiro!” came a slender young man, with black hair and black eyes, snapping his fingers just inches away from Shiro’s face, “Dude you’ve been so quiet…what’s up?”

Shiro then shook his head and blinked for a moment, the snap catching his attention.

“Huh…wha?” He stuttered in a somewhat nervous voice.

“What’s up? You’ve had that freaky zombie look on ya for a while now.” Asked the young man, ”Ya sure you’re brain is still functioning man?”

Shiro chuckled weakly and then sighed.

“No its not that…not that at all Jeice” he said.

“Then what’s up?” asked Jeice.

Shiro growled and mumbled something like “my parents” under his breath.

“Eh? Wanna run that by me again?” said Jeice almost inquisitively.

Adjusting his glasses Shiro closed his eyes, took a breath, and reopened them after a few brief seconds.

“My parents…their out of town again and well I’m alone.” He sighed.

“Out of town again eh? I swear do they ever take time off?” came the girl.

“Nah their business is pretty important to then Yuki…but sometimes I wish they would…I rarely see them ever.” Replied Shiro.

“But your ass is so lucky Shiro, you got all that damn nice shit, and you’re still unhappy?” chuckled Jeice, “Besides you have the best place that we can play Dragon World, who needs them?”

Shiro didn’t bother to reply however, Jeice’s words seeming to hit a bit of a sore spot as he just continued to walk absently along his the sidewalk. He wasn’t in the mood for games; he just wanted a moment to be with his parents. Jeice had come up behind him and slapped a hand down upon his shoulder and looked at him with a smile.

“Buck up buddy…you know what you need…? A nice porno…lets go to your place and watch ne? I’m sure even you’re parents had some time to watch that shit.” He grinned.

Shiro smiled and laughed a little bit nodding, Yuki, just brushed a lock of hair from her eyes and sighed as she followed behind them.

“Men…I swear…” she sighed once again.

As soon as they had begun walking, the rain began to pour down hard over them, and they started to run for cover, under the cloth covering of a nearby café.

“Bloody hell…I never thought the rain was gonna be this bad.” Exclaimed Jeice trying to wring out his soaked black denim jacket.

“We’d better hurry and get to Shiro’s quick!” came Yuki excitedly as she looked out into the rain and noticed Shiro was already a few steps ahead of them.

“HEY SHIRO!!! WAIT UP!!!” They cried and ran after him.

Although he hated to leave his friends behind, he was determined to get home; hoping that his parents would be there for once and hoping what he had told his friends was a mistake. In his haste he felt himself falling head over heels, his foot having hit some kind of blockage along the sidewalk, and land hard onto his back. After a few brief moments he sat up and shook his head, then stood up and turned around to find out what in the world had gotten in his path. He wiped away the rain from his glasses long enough to find the elven maiden, lying fainted against the brick wall of an old building. His eyes opened with shock as he knelt beside her and shook her a little bit.

“Hey lady…are you okay?” He cried as he shook her more, but to no avail the maiden would not stir.

“Shiro!!!” came Jeice and Yuki from nearby as the stopped to look at what their friend was doing.

“Whoa…is she okay?” Jeice also kneeled beside her, checking for a pulse, which there was one, however weak.

“She’s as cold as ice, and in this rain…” replied Shiro trying to lift her arm over his shoulder. “She doesn’t seem to have any wounds or nothing but still…lets take her to my place and we’ll call a doctor.”

“Shouldn’t we just call for one right now?” asked Yuki, not before taking the maiden’s other arm over her shoulder.

“My house isn’t that far from here…but in either case lets hurry.” He replied.

-------------------------------------------------

Together the three managed to carefully lift the body of the elven maiden, although they couldn’t really tell she was such, because her ears were hidden behind her long golden hair. Soon they had reached Shiro’s house and had gotten inside, safe from the rain and cold, as well as the elven maiden. Shiro let out a low growl of annoyance, the fact of his parents not being home was inevitable and sighed deeply.

He carefully ran through his two-story house and turned on as many lights as he needed to lead Yuki and Jeice, whom now had the maiden in their arms to his room. Once they had gotten upstairs the two laid the maiden upon Shiro’s bed, even though her dress was soaked.

“Yuki…do you remember where the towels and stuff are?” asked Shiro as he threw off his bag and began to search through his closet for any blankets.

“Yup!” replied Yuki.

“Alright good…go get me a few towels and a warm washcloth please, and Jeice, get some sodas for us, and a glass of ice water for the woman.” Commanded Shiro.

“What you wanna be alone with this babe or something?” Jeice smirked.

“Get up off your ass and do it…” Shiro groaned in reply.

Jeice gave a grin and headed downstairs, while Yuki searched through the hall closets, gathering towels and such. Shiro pulled up a chair at the maiden’s bedside and looked her over with concern, wondering what she could’ve been through. Swallowing hard, he reached out with his hand to brush her cheek. Her milky white skin felt soft; he smiled a little as she made a noise in her sleep.

“I got the towels and stuff Shiro!” exclaimed Yuki seeing Shiro jump suddenly, she giggled softly and handed him the towels.

“Uh…oh…thanks…right.” He stuttered as he took the towels, and looked over and groaned, “Shit…I’m gonna have to change the sheets before I go to bed tonight. Yuki…can you help me lift her legs? I don’t want my bed anymore soaked than it already is…” he sighed.

“Your own fault for acting before you think Shiro…” she chuckled and helped lift one of the maiden’s legs, and Shiro tucked a towel under them.

They had also placed towels under her back and such, and tossed a blanket over her as well. Shiro finally able to relax leaned against a wall near his desk as Yuki flipped on some music on Shiro’s stereo. Not long afterwards Jeice had returned with a six-pack of cola and tossed one over to Yuki, Shiro, and kept one for him. He laughed and popped open the can and took a swig as if he were drinking a strong liquor.

“Job well down eh mates?” Jeice laughed.

“Speak for yourself, we did all the work…” grumbled Shiro, sipping from his cola.

“It was a lot of work getting the girl all wrapped up you know Jeice,” sighed Yuki.

Jeice laughed and took another giant swig of his cola, and let out a loud belch afterwards, then crushed his can in his hands.

“Aww c’mon guy buck up…we got her here didn’t we?” he gave Shiro’s shoulder a hard patting.

“Don’t hit me…” Shiro sighed, “I just wonder who she is…I’ve never seen her in this town before…” he stood up and walked over and sat by the maiden’s bedside.

“Ya think she’s some sort of rich girl who got lost?” wondered Yuki, as she looked the maiden over.

“COOL!!! We can hold her for ransom…man we’ll get a heaping load of money for this bitch.”

“JEICE!!!” yelled Shiro and Yuki.

Jeice backed up and grinned nervously.

“Aww c’mon I was just kidding guys.” He laughed, and then sadly bowed his head.

“Don’t you have some homework to do or something?” Shiro asked while taking another sip from his cola.

Jeice’s face went blank, trying to recall.

“SHEEEEEEEEEEIIIIIT!!! YOU’RE RIGHT!!!!” Jeice quickly picked up his bag and ran downstairs, “LATER SHIRO!!!!”

Yuki giggled and walked towards the downstairs as well.

“I’d better follow him and make sure he doesn’t get into trouble…catch you later?” she asked.

“You bet.” Smiled Shiro as she walked out the door and shut the door behind her.

The house had gone quiet save for the music playing from Shiro’s stereo, which he walked over to and turned off. He had stripped out of his pants and into his boxers, and exchanged his shirt with a small black tank top and sighed, feeling much more cool, despite the heat that was coming from his heater vent. He then turned around as he heard the cooing of the maiden and walked over to her.

“She’s coming to,” he said gladly as he sat at her bedside, smiling at her.

The maiden opened her eyes slowly and sat up, clutching the blanket in her fair and noble hands. She gasped slightly feeling the fabric in her clenched palm, and wondered what in the world had happened. Her eyes had begun to scan the room around her, everything seeming so unfamiliar and strange. Never having seen anything so amazing in her life, she smiled to herself and then glanced to Shiro whom was sitting at her bedside smiling. For some odd reason she wasn’t startled, in fact she felt safe and warm, despite she had no idea where she was, she then turned to him and looked deeply into brown orbs, with her glowing blue eyes. Shiro started in awe transfixed by her stare as he had begun to look over her body, everything seemed almost divine as if she were an angel, or goddess even; The way her dress accentuated and hugged her every curve, and how the colors of the light pink blush of the dress added on to the beauty of her golden locks that were tied in buns, and her shimmering blue eyes. Her legs shapely and smooth, as if the gods had sculpted her to be perfect, were truly a sight to behold to any man, elven or not. Shiro then returned his attentions to her eyes and he smiled.

“You brought me here didn’t you?” she asked in a very sweet tone of voice.

Her voice rang in Shiro’s ears like the church bells ringing a morning mass, he chuckled nervously as he tried to speak.

“Yeah…I mean…no…I mean…fuck!!…Oh sorry…excuse my…” he continuously stuttered trying to find the right words to say.

The maiden giggled as she watched him try to speak and put a gentle finger to his lips, hushing him, and looking deep into his eyes once more.

“I am very grateful, thank you,” she said in her same sweet tone, but leaning a little more towards seductive, “May I ask the name of the one who offered me this shelter?”

Shiro’s face went red with embarrassment, never has a girl asked him something like that, especially one as beautiful as her he opened his mouth but found that no words came out. He stopped for a moment and took in a deep breath, then slowly and gently exhaled.

“My name is…Shiro…” he said as he began to cough, which he always did when he was nervous.

The maiden giggled as she pulled the scroll from under her dress where her left breast was held. It was then that Shiro’s face burned brightly as he watched this, then looked back up at her face.

“I am Lady Diyala, of the Lai’rue tribe in citadel, my home…” she said, but then sighed, “I am fated to watch over this scroll, for it contains a power unlike any other, and it almost fell into the wrong hands.”

Shiro laughed a little bit and smiled at her.

“That’s funny, that sounds like a Role Playing Game me and my friends often play, called ‘Dragon World’,” he replied, “Is it coincidence that your tribe is the same as the ones in the book? Or do you cosplay? Yeah that must be it.”

Diyala looked very confused at Shiro, wondering what he was speaking of.

“Game? Dragons? Cosplay…? These are all new words to me…can you please explain them?” she asked smiling.

Shiro nodded and laughed a little more.

“Right…I’ll explain…but first you might want to change out of that wet dress…I’m sure you got soaked when you got lost looking for the convention.” He shrugged and offered her a hand.

It was then that Diyala looked down at her dress seeing that it was indeed, soaked to the bone. She giggled a little and took his outstretched hand as he helped her stand.

“Perhaps you’re right, I don’t want to sleep in this wet dress.” She smiled, “Do you have something that I could wear in the meantime?”

“Yeah…c’mon we’ll go to my parents room, I’m sure my mom has a nightgown that would be perfect for you.” Shiro nodded and walked her across the hall into his parent’s room.

He had begun to search through his mother’s half of the closet looking for the white lace nightgown that she had, then turned his head back to look over at her.

“Why don’t you slip out of that while I continue to look for that nightgown ne?” smiled Shiro as he went back to looking.

“Like this?” Diyala smiled as she pulled one strap of her dress from her shoulder, followed by the other, and let her dress fall gently to the floor. She now stood behind him completely nude.

“Yeah like th…” Shiro cut himself off as he turned to find her naked form, his jaw dropped instantly as he looked her up and down.

Although she had folded her arms over her breasts, he could still tell that they were very developed for a woman of her caliber, and continued to look her over. Her milky white skin, looked so very soft, possessing not even the slightest spec of body hair, not even between her legs. Shiro swallowed hard and return his attentions to the closet, pulling out the nightgown and handing it over to her.

“Um…you go ahead and change, I’ll go throw your dress and the wet sheets from the bed in the dryer, and put some new ones on for ya.” He smiled as he picked up her dress.

“Okay.” She replied.

With that said, Shiro headed to his room and pulled the wet sheets and blankets from his bed and gave a quiet sigh as he headed downstairs towards the laundry room. As he opened the door to the dryer and tossed in the dress and things, he began to wonder to himself.

“She really doesn’t seem to be from around here…” he thought, “And its kinda funny, because there isn’t a Dragon World Convention here in Tokyo for another three months…something doesn’t seem right.”

He shook his head at the thought and turned on the dryer timer to sixty minutes and started it. When he was all done with that he had wandered upstairs and into the hall closet and pulled out some sheets and a matching comforter all with a moon and star pattern and headed towards his room. Shiro then noticed that Diyala was sitting by the window, and watching the rain, singing a beautiful tune in elven. He smiled as he began to put the sheets on his bed, and place the blanket over the bed once he was done. Transfixed by her voice he sat upon the bed and listened, and noticed that she had let her hair down from the buns she had tied in her hair. At first he didn’t seem to notice that she had pointed ears, but upon closer inspection, his eyes widened and fall from the bed hitting the ground with a thud.
