 Author's Notes: I am sorry about the wait for this chapter. Life got really busy with me moving and I couldn't find time to write. I just hope this chapter can make up for the wait. Enjoy!

*

When I woke up, I found my arms wrapped around Jen. Sometime during the night, we somehow ended up under the covers and spooning across the bed. The lights were out and the shade was closed, making only the small cracks of light from the window and doors the only source of illumination. I could feel my hand resting on Jen's hips with my body close to hers. The dorm room beds were small, so any couple would have to lay close to share it. With our height difference, my head rested on top of hers, allowing me to feel her hair under my chin. Though, it was the feeling of her ass on my member that I was enjoying more.

I was the first of the two of us to wake up, so I took advantage of it. My hand was gentle as it slid across her body up to her breasts. It cupped the first one it could find and started to massage it slowly. At the same time, I willed my dick to become hard so I could nestle it gently between her cheeks and legs. I continued this for a few minutes, making sure my touch was just right as I played with her. When she finally awoke, it was with a gentle whimper as she noticed my fingers on her.

"Someone is awake, I see," Jen said as she wiggled her butt slightly.

"I was sleeping soundly until I noticed what I was spooning," I replied.

"And, you seemed to want another round."

I tweaked her nipple slightly. "The first was so good, I just had to have another."

I felt her hand snake around my leg to grab my member gently. "Maybe I could help you with that. After all, it was just as good for me."

"Then why don't you turn over and let me wow you again."

She rolled over to face me, then gave me a deep kiss. It wasn't filled with as much lust as last night, but it did have plenty of passion and caring.

"It will have to wait, big guy," she said after the kiss broke.

I gave her a puppy dog look. "Why?"

"Because I have things to do this morning."

With a second kiss on my cheek, she threw the covers off us and switched on the light. I couldn't help but admire her tone body again as she stretched in the lamp light. Watching her pull at each leg and arm before stretching her back would have made me hard whether I willed it or not.

As I watched her, I propped my head on my hand and said, "I thought you didn't have class this morning."

Her smile grew as she caught me staring. But, instead of covering up, she gave a slight pose. "I don't. But I have a study group around eleven and some homework I have to finish for this afternoon."

"Then that gives us about an hour to play," I said with a devilish smile.

"Trust me, I wish it did. But, I won't feel right pushing that back."

She bent over and slid her panties up her legs and butt before reaching for her jean pants. It was a shame to have her cover up such an amazing body, but was too entranced to stop it. Suddenly, a thought came into my head and I felt my heart drop a little.

"I guess this makes this a one-night stand." In my head, I kept thinking out my wishes made us go this far. There was no way it would happen again.

She paused as she picked up her lacy bra. I couldn't read her face, but I knew she was thinking something over. Then, without warning, she moved to the edge of the bed and planted a kiss right on my lips. There was no mistaking the emotions in that kiss. Caring. In return, I gave her my matching feelings as well. When she finally broke it off, there was a faint smile on her face.

"I promise it wasn't," she said to me softly. "This is something I wanted for a while now, but didn't know how to do it. And, I certainly don't want this to be the last of 'us'."

"'Us?'"

She scrunched up her bra between her hands as she said, "Yeah. We need to talk about it more, but I would like there to be an 'us'. If you want that, anyway."

I hadn't thought about it before, but I knew my answer was true when I said, "I do want that."

Her smile was enough to light up the room more. "I'm glad. Will it be ok if I come back later tonight to talk?"

"Sure," I said, sitting up.

"Good," she said as she gave me another quick kiss.

Suddenly, she tossed her bra into my lap and slid on her tank top followed by her outer shirt. Even with the extra layer, it was very easy to see her nipples jutting out through her shirt.

"I'm going to want that back, so keep it safe," she said.

"You bet," I said, slightly stunned.

With a quick yank of her notes and bag, she was out the door without another word. I don't know how long I was dazed with a smile as I held her bra, but it was long enough for Catrina to appear in her human form.

"Ken?" she said with concern in her voice.

"Oh," I said, coming out of my daze. "Sorry. Just a bit distracted."

"Will you be ok?"

I looked down at Jen's bra and smiled. "Yeah. I'll be good."

Sliding off the bed, I took the bra and placed it in the top drawer of my dresser, then faced Catrina again. It was only then I noticed I was still rock hard from watching Jen dress.

"Mind giving me a blowjob?" I asked of her. "I would love some release before I head out."

"Of course," she said with a smile.

I stood in the middle of the room as Catrina knelt down in front of my hard dick. Slowly, she took it in her hands and started to massage it gently. Her hands were slow and methodical as they caressed my dick. As I closed my eyes, I felt her fingers be replaced by her warm mouth. She started with the tip, wrapping her tongue around it and twisting slightly, before pushing it deeper in. Every time she would reach the back of her throat, she would hum, sending shivers throughout my body. Then, she would pull back slowly until only the tip remained and focus on licking it rapidly. Time seemed to disappear as she did this, making my rock hard member even harder. I knew I could enjoy this forever, but I let my body do what it wanted as it grew increasingly closer to cumming. Too wrapped up in the pleasure, I gave no warning as I suddenly came inside her mouth just as she started to hum. This caused me to shot the first few shots right down her throat. She quickly pulled back after that to catch the rest of them on her tongue, which massaged the bottom of the tip as it did. I unloaded seven large shots into her mouth, filling it up completely. When I finally looked down, I saw some of my cum spilling out into her hands as she cupped them under her chin. With a few gulps, she swallowed what was in her mouth, then licked up the rest from her hands, swallowing that as well. Then, she finished up with a giant smile as she stared up at me from her knees.

"Amazing," I said, resting my hand on her head.

"Thank you. It will always be my pleasure," she replied.

"And mine apparently."

As she stood up, she asked, "Is there anything else I can do for you?"

I paused for a minute to think about my day. While I had some work to turn in, none of my classes for the day were particularly interesting to me. If I was honest with myself, I would rather play around with magic for the day instead of learning. That's not to say I would never go back to class again. But, I didn't see the harm of taking a day off for fun.

"Yes," I finally said. "I wish all of my classes for today were canceled."

Catrina nodded once, which was followed by my phone blowing up with emails. Checking them, I saw that each teacher for my classes canceled citing a major cold or research project they had. Each email also included a list of things to do for next week. Taking note of them all, I put my phone aside with a smile.

"Nice," I said. "Now I can just goof off all day. Next, I wish I was cleaned up and ready to go outside."

Catrina nodded once more and I felt my entire body tingle. From head to toe, a rush of air moved across my skin, giving me that freshly showered feeling. Even a quick touch of my hair showed me a lack of oil in it. Just as the air dissipated, clothes appeared on me. They were the same clothes I wore to the cafeteria last night, though this time they were fresh and clean. I could even feel a bit of warmth from them as if they just went through the dryer.

"Perfect," said, looking myself over. "I see you are just as good as putting clothes on me as taking them off."

"I much prefer the later," she replied sweetly.

"As do I. If it is alright with you, could you turn back into a book? I was going to wander around for a while."

"Of course. Please do not hesitate to write if you need anything."

Then, with one last nod, her human form was gone and her book form hovered in the air in front of me. Quickly, I caught her before she fell and pulled her to my chest. Then, after grabbing my keys, phone, and a pen, I opened the door to my dorm.

Just as I opened the door, I heard the door to the bathroom open. Looking up, I saw Chuck, my next door neighbor, come out with a towel around his waist. He was an average height and weight with not much muscle. He most worked out just enough to not get fatter but not enough to show the results otherwise. His hair was an off red and always curly. Even now, with his locks dripping with water, they refused to straighten.

"Hey Chuck," I said as I locked my door.

"Hey," he replied. "How's it going?"

"Not bad," I said with a smile. "Quite good, in fact."

"So I hear."

I tilted my head in response and he laughed slightly.

"The walls aren't as thick as you would like," he answered with a slight tap on the wall. "I could hear quite a bit through them last night."

"Oh," I said with a slight blush. "Sorry about that."

"No worries," he said. "It just means I can get back at you later when my girlfriend visits."

"You won't hear any objections from me," I said.

"Good." He opened his door and made his way into his room. "Fair is fair. Later, man."

"Later."

As soon as he closed his door, I opened Catrina and wrote a quick sentence in her.

"When Chuck's girlfriend is over and I am in my room, tell me."

Understood.

I had a devilish plan for the two of them, but filed that for later as I made my way back to the cafeteria for some food. As soon as I reached it, I made a b-line to the sandwich isle and grabbed a couple breakfast sandwiches. With all the energy I used yesterday, I was understandably hungry. Then, after I paid, I went to another room in the same building I knew quite well; The campus' game room.

The room was exactly what the name suggests. With an assortment of tables, pinball and arcade games, and even a few pool tables, the room was designed for any student to come and relax after their studies. I spent many hours hanging with friends and fooling around in here and it has become one of my favorite rooms on campus.

I took a seat at a corner table when I entered the room. Only a few people were present this early, including a few friends and a few strangers. Everyone was wrapped up in their own activities, though, which gave me time to eat and observe.

As I munched down my first sandwich, I noticed Heather and John were up early and playing a round of pool. Their outfits were similar to yesterdays with John wearing a brown t-shirt and shorts while Heather wore her jacket and baggy pants. With a quick glance from my x-ray eyes, I noticed she again wore no bra. As she faced me, she gave me a great view of her bare chest and her rock hard nipples. I couldn't help but think she must enjoy going braless more than I knew. I didn't want to get caught staring, though, so I unfocused and looked at another one of my friends instead.

Katty was completely focused on the book in front of her as I watched her read. Of my friends, she was probably the most reserved I knew. Always calm and quiet, she kept to herself unless you went out of your way to say hi. But, that never stopped her from being friendly. She always had kind words and provided interesting conversations when she got going. In terms of body, she preferred to be covered up. Her outfits were usually concealing and this morning was no exception with her sweater and flowing skirt. I always guessed she had an amazing figure underneath, though. And, today, I could finally prove my theory.

Focusing just enough, I looked through her first layer of clothing. Instantly, my eyes were met with an amazing sight. Though her bra and panties were simple and white, they hugged her body perfectly. Not a single curve was out of place, adding to the allure of her body. at the same time, she had no visible ounce of fat on her. Everything was perfectly shaped to complement her body. Wanting more, I focused her second layer away and got the full view of her perfect figure. With everything gone, I could see her perfect nipples, which were currently flat against her invisible bra. I also saw she was cleanly trimmed with just a bit of hair between her legs. The way she sat only added to her look, as it emphasized every curve and flow of her legs and waist.

Just before I got caught staring, I looked down at my sandwich. Had the chance ever happened where I could enjoy that body, I knew I would have one hell of a time. With that thought, though, came a question I wanted answered. Putting the wrapper of the now finished sandwich to the side, I opened Catrina and started writing, making sure not to say anything out loud this time.

"Catrina," I wrote. "I have a few wishes for you. But, I have a question for you first."

I will answer any question you have.

"Last night, when Jen kissed me, was it because I made her horny or because she wanted to?"

While I was a book, I watched her mind closely because I knew you didn't want to cross any boundaries. Fear not, though. Though her horniness contributed to her courage, she wanted to do everything she did last night. She was afraid to up last night because she didn't want to ruin your friendship. In the end, all my magic did was make her body aroused. Everything else was her choice.

I read her words a few times and felt a weight lift off of me. That thought bothered me all morning and it felt good to know I didn't force her to do anything she didn't want to.

"Thank you," I wrote. "It means a lot to me to know that."

You are quite welcome.

"I'm going to give you my wishes now. Please let me know if you can't grant them or if you need me to reword them at all."

Please go ahead.

After a pause, I wrote, "While the reading minds wish worked, I wanted to make it a bit clearer. I wish I can read people's thoughts clearly, as if they were speaking. I also I wish I can see their memories and desires."

Granted. Let me know if this version is what you desire.

Looking up, I focused on John's mind. In an instant I could hear his thoughts as if he were speaking directly to me.

"God," he thought. "If I didn't have class in an hour, I would so be making her scream."

My eyebrows shot up slightly as I listened to John talk about his girlfriend. He never talked like that before, so it was strange hearing him think like that. Curious, I dove into Heather's mind to see if I could see what she and john did last night. Suddenly, I had visions of Heather and John going at it in his dorm room. I could hear her moans as she tried to muffled them into a pillow and even feel the pleasure she felt when he plowed into her. I had to pull back quickly or risk getting hard in front of everyone.

Shaking my head with a smile, I looked down at Catrina and wrote, "Just how I wanted it."

I am glad.

Pausing to choose my words carefully, I wrote, "For my next wish, I wish I can become unseen to any and every one until I choose otherwise."

Can you please clarify what you mean? I am afraid I am confused by the wish.

"I don't want to turn invisible exactly, but I want to be able to go unnoticed whenever I want. For example, I want to be able to walk through a crowd of people naked and have none of them notice me unless I wanted them to."

And this will be controlled by your will?

"Yes."

Granted. You may not notice it at first, but you should be able to do as you asked with no issue.

Wanting to test it, I projected a single thought in my head; Be invisible. Then, I got up from the table and walked over to Heather, who currently stood to the side of the pool table waiting for John to shoot. I walked right up to her and started to wave my hands in front of her face. To my amazement, she never reacted. She stood perfectly still as I got within inches of her face. I then went over to John and tried the same thing. Not a single reaction from him either. Feeling bold, I got close to his face and blew a raspberry directly at his eye. Nothing. With a grin, I started to laugh, for I knew this would be a fun power. Then, out of curiosity, I reached out and poked John in the arm. His hand shot up, not to push mine away but to rub the spot I just touched. He mindlessly rubbed it for a few moments before lowering his hand again to focus on his shot. Still grinning, I went back to my seat and formed a different thought this time; Be visible. Looking up, I saw Katty looking around the room and I waved once to say hi. She responded with a smile and a wave herself before looking down at her book again.

picked up my pen, I wrote, "So, they will feel it if I touch anyone?"

Yes. You can still interact with people, but they will not notice or react to you unless you want to.

"What will they think when I touch them?"

They will believe it is a natural reaction from their body. if the feeling is unexplainable, though, their mind will make up a reason. A tickle of the skin, for example, could be portrayed as a rush of air.

"What will happen if they can't explain it?"

Unsure. All I know is they will not react to your presence unless you want them to.

As I read her last sentence, I began forming ways to test the scenario. Looking up, I found the perfect way to both test it and have some fun at the same time. Of course, it wouldn't be fun for just me. I needed one last wish to do it, though.

"I wish I can make anyone I touch aroused," I wrote. Then, just as I lifted my pen, I lowered it and wrote, "But give me control over it so I don't randomly get people horny."

Granted.

With that, I closed Catrina and finished my food. Then, with trash and Catrina in hand, I made my way to the doorway, making sure to throw away my trash as I did. Just as I went out of sight, I made myself unseen and turned around. As before, no one noticed me as I walked around the room and watched everyone. My focus was on the two in the center of the room. Heather and John were still playing pool, but I was going to make sure that didn't last much longer.

I got close enough to Heather to feel the heat off her body. gingerly, I reached out and rested my hand on her shoulder while focusing on my last wish. The effect was almost instantaneous. She shuttered beneath my hand and her posture went ridged. A second later, she slacked under my touch. As I raised my hand up, I walked around her to see her eyes were focused on John with one clear thought in her head.

"I need to fuck him now."

Smiling, I watched as she slowly put her pool cue back onto the rack, then walked over to john.

"Everything ok?" he asked her.

"Yeah," she whispered. "I just want to talk about something."

"What's up?"

"Not here. Come on."

I followed quickly as she led him out of the room and down the hall. Near the end was a bathroom designed for handicapped students. It was rarely used, though, so many students liked to duck into there when they didn't want to walk all the way to the normal stalls. I made sure to duck inside just as she opened the door. As soon as I was in, I turned to see John walk in with Heather locking the door behind them. Not a second later, she pushed him against the wall and kissed him. It wasn't a gentle kiss either. It was a kiss filled with lust and need. When they broke off, I could see she was visibly panting against him.
