 Outskirts of Marienborn, East Germany, by the Inner German border

It was a cold, foggy autumn morning. Black starlings perched among the branches of evergreens called out to each other in warbling chirps, marking territory and nesting space for the coming winter months. Likewise, the shrill tweet-tweets of the song sparrows were actually displays of dominance and aggression. Both the songs and their avian meanings disappeared into the rolling fog for the humans on the ground.

A field green truck rolled off from its dirt path and pulled up behind a thicket of junipers. A handful of skinny young men in drag olive-green uniforms and folded caps hopped out and formed two efficient, straight lines at the rear of the truck. AK-47s were slung on their backs. Their boots were already covered in dried mud.

"Keep your eyes peeled, boys. No telling when the Yankees and their stooges are up to their tricks."

"Ja, Mein Hauptmann," came back a chorus of disciplined youths. As soon as the captain dismissed them, they separated into groups of three and patrolled their usual beats. Despite the fact that relations between the US and the Soviet Union were quite tense, there wasn't much activity along this portion of border. It was too close to the Helmstedt-Marienborn checkpoint, the first stop on a route the Allies needed to keep open in order to bring supplies into West Berlin. It would be foolish to unsettle things this close to the only safe pipeline they had. 

"Well, you'd think they'd be that smart, but then again, they were stupid enough to get their little spy plane shot down, weren't they?" thought a tow-headed border policeman.

Helmut reached into his jacket and pulled out a crumpled pack of F6's. He peeled off the GDR seal to widen the opening in the foil and fished out a neatly wrapped cigarette. He lit the tip with a match and took in a juicy whiff of tar and carbon monoxide, and some nicotine. The smoke blended with the water vapor from Helmut's lungs and created an opaque white cloud that lingered in the cold air.

"Hey lemme bum one off you, ya greedy capitalist asshole," yell-whispered Otto, a tall, dachshund-faced boy. 

You didn't have to be a dog to smell an F6. Especially when your greedy capitalist asshole friend had the audacity to smoke it three feet from you.

"Here. To fraternal socialism." Helmut simply shrugged and offered the pack. Half of them were already lost to mooching anyway. Luckily nothing was too expensive in the GDR, and he had known Otto since his days in the Free German Youth. He was always an unpleasant fat fellow. There was no reason to hold it against him.

"Don't forget about Kaufmann," huffed Andy, catching up to the two. Or Andreas, to German it up. His dark greasy hair poked beneath his grey-green hat.

"You hit on my sister, you fucker," Helmut snapped. 

"It was an accident, man! If you didn't want me to hit on your sister, you shouldn't have invited me over to your family's flat when I was drunk.'

The trio bickered as they separated further from the troop. Otto snapped pictures with his camera of the West German side of the fence, but there wasn't anything that stood out from the scenery besides discarded Hershey's wrappers.

"You think American chocolate is any good?" Otto asked, unconsciously rubbing the side of his stomach.

"What are you, fucking spying on me? You dick!" Helmut laughed as he dismissed Otto. 

"This is Germany, man. We are the land of chocolate," replied Andy, expressing the maximum level of German patriotism allowed.

"Wait a second, what is that?" Helmut suddenly cut in, pointing over the fence.

As soon as their comrade got serious, they dropped the banter and took a keen interest in their surroundings. Otto and Andreas squinted their eyes and looked around.

"That pile of rocks over there, in that ravine," Helmut clarified. There was an odd blue glow emanating from the crack between the dark grey slabs. It was between the West and East German border fences.

"I see it. Pass me the binoculars."

Andy handed the binoculars to Otto and the three of them walked as close as they could to the closest fence on their side, reducing the distance and angle between them and the pile. Otto took an enhanced look at the pile of rocks. From this new vantage point, he could make out the top of an orb. It was a perfect sphere, too perfect to be a part of nature. The other two took turns with the binocular.

"Is it a new sort of anti-personnel device?"

"Why would it be on the ground like that? Normally you want to hide or bury your mines so your enemy will set it off."

"What if it doesn't need us to set it off, but is controlled remotely? Damnit, we have to alert the Captain!"

Helmut radioed the Captain and informed him of the interesting development. He stumbled a bit in his description, nervous that he'd think they were just wasting his time. But when he said the words 'potential new American military technology," he got more than he bargained for.

In just under half an hour, the whole platoon was loosely gathered around that section of fence, more interested in their officer's reaction to the situation than the orb itself. It was unlike anything they had ever seen, but it was also just a round ball that glowed blue. They had encountered machines that did much more interesting things than glow blue. In fact, some of those machines drove them to work. But the captain was an officer of the NVA, the most disciplined and professional army in the Eastern Bloc. Some had said they were an even better fighting force than the Soviet Union. Part of the reason why was because of the officer corps.

The NVA responded hastily and sent over some engineers and higher-ups to examine the orb. A company of soldiers were also sent to dissuade any snipers from on the other side from escalating things by taking potshots. Even a dozen Soviets who happened to be in the area came over to survey the situation.

Men with wire-cutters quickly removed a portion of the fence and disabled the land mines surrounding the circle of rocks. Most of the other border police were told to resume their patrols but the trio were allowed to stay and observe.

Surrounded by trucks and men with kalashnikovs, the engineers looked comparatively primitive as they retrieved the orb with hockey sticks. They were sweating profusely, afraid to set it off, but it didn't look like it had a tripping mechanism. 

"Perhaps it is a spying device," mused one of the men aloud. Once the orb was safely on the East German side, a semi-circle of fifty men, all military personnel (the border police were part of the NVA at this time), had formed around it, keeping their safe distance. The two engineers in the middle were sweating again, too afraid to disturb the blue ball sitting between them. But they had to figure it out. Their bosses wanted answers.

"Figure it out. I want answers," commanded Colonel Garodin, in Russian-accented German. He had fought in the Patriotic War, as the Russkies called it, and didn't have much patience with his new allies.

Their mental anguish was interrupted by the sound of American trucks and an armored car roaring in the distance. The soldiers quickly turned to face West, grabbing their guns, but keeping them lowered to the ground. The trucks stopped and parked a hundred meters from the fence. Troops began pouring out, mostly West German border guards, with some Bundeswehr and a few Americans, and began walking over to the fence.

A tall American with a pointy nose and khakis strode over within speaking distance. He was clenching a cigar between his teeth. He had with him an interpreter, a diminutive West German who looked and behaved like his pet monkey. The Wessis and Ossis faced off against each other like puppets whose string-pullers were about to settle a score with each other.

Brigadier General Dick Bragg took a drag of his cigar and blew it out through his nose. "Can't wait to be done with this and stick this back inside a German pussy," he mumbled to himself, holding up his cigar. The underling took the gesture as a cue to begin translating.

"The lieutenant says he can't wait to be-" the toadie started speaking in German.

"Not yet, stupid! This is a tense diplomatic situation we got here. We have to handle this delicately."

"Sorry, mein Herr," he apologized bashfully.

"Now," General Bragg began. "What are you shitdicks doing over there? Don't make me come over and whoop your asses."

Garodin frowned when the translator finished relaying the message.

"We thought we found something interesting on our side of the border. It turns out to be nothing. You can go home."

"I believe I see you cut your fence over there. That means whatever it was, it was on OUR side. If you give it back, I'll see to it you pussies can leave this area unharmed."

Colonel Garodin ordered some soldiers to stand in front of the engineers to shield them from view while they moved the orb away. The orb was too heavy to lift up alone, so they had to pick it up together. But it was slippery.

"What are those two fags doing back there? I see Communism has totally decayed the moral fabric of your society and made you all into girlymen. Defect over to our side and we can worship God and cheeseburgers together."

One of the engineers decided to put the orb in his coat and hold it up with the fabric. He was just about to walk out of view when the orb started sizzling up.

"Agh! Fuck!" He yelled as he flung the scalding hot ball out of his coat. It bounced off the ground like a hyper-elastic rubber ball with a loud crash before sailing over the Soviet fence into West Germany. Shouts of panicked German and English filled the air as it bounced off the side of a truck, tipping it over with the force. It soared through the air, twisting and changing directions randomly. 

Men screamed as they ducked out of the way of its hovering before it suddenly plummeted to the ground and rolled around in wide concentric circles, punching holes through both sets of fences as it spun inward, faster and faster in a spiral. Men who could not get out of the way in time were knocked off their feet like bowling pins.

Finally, it settled back in place where it was originally, atop a nest of rocks, and began to pulse white. A spherical wave of white light emanated from the orb and expanded outward, encompassing all of the terrified men in its spherical zone. 

The sphere of light stopped growing, and the interior surface began to shimmer, as if hundreds of gimbals were circling around in all directions in a gyroscope. Everyone collapsed onto the ground as the earth violently shook and inertia pushed down against them. The blue sky vanished above them and was replaced by the night sky. Then, the little white dots of the stars began to stretch into streaks. 

The hapless spectators began to pass out one by one as the G's started stacking up, pushing the blood out of their brains. Helmut weakly lifted his head up to see Otto and Andy sprawled out on the grass before the tunnels of his vision closed up, filling his eyes with darkness.

==========

Helmut woke up to the sensation of soft sandpaper rubbing his cheek. He tried to open his eyes but suddenly there was a steam hammer pounding between his ears.

"Scheiße. Scheiße in meinen Mund," he groaned. The rubbing had moved to his forehead. He blinked his eyes open reflexively. Above him was a sheep. Its alien bar pupils stared down at him in ovine puzzlement.

"Aaaagh!"

Baaaaahhh! The sheep bleated before trotting away.

"Oh, I'm sorry, ser," replied a young boy in a plain, brown woolen tunic. His German was all kinds of fucked up, and he smelled like three different types of animal dung.

"Where am I? And why are you dressed like this?"

"Same questions I should be asking you, you queer fellow. This place used to be the Commons, but some greedy Alp-lord put up his fences right in the middle of it. And the land has changed. This used to be a meadow. Now there are trees everywhere. Terrible for sheep."

Helmut didn't catch some of the words the shepherd boy was using. And some of the words he did catch were bizarre and out of place. No one believed in those little mischief-spirits called Alps anymore. And East Germany hadn't advanced enough yet towards Communism to have pure common property, though they did have publicly-owned business enterprises.

"Oh, then we're still at the border. Nothing's changed. Except... you. "

Helmut looked around, seeing other men from his country (and some from the enemy's) coming to. He turned back to the shepherd boy, the sole anachronism in this scene.

"Hey, do you realize you're not supposed to be here? This is a militarized zone."

The shepherd boy pondered his words, and it was his turn to give Helmut a confused look. "If you're soldiers, where are your weapons and armor? I see no swords or shields."

Helmut blinked. "Wha." The boy's stupidity paralyzed him for a second. "What?" Then it made him want to yell.

"Never mind. Talk to a fool, and you just get fool's talk, I have to get back to my job." The boy had seen one of his sheep get caught in a hole in the chain link fence, and started pacing after it in his leather shoes.

"No, kid! Don't go in there!" Helmut screamed in panic as the boy ran towards a minefield. He hurled himself forward with adrenaline-induced strength and tackled him to the ground.

"Help! This man's priesting me!"

Just as Helmut covered the boy with his own, the sheep untangled itself from the stray wire and trotted onto a mine, evaporating instantly. It looked someone blew up a bag of tomatoes and a feather pillow at the same time.

"In deckung!"

Ovine chunks rained down upon everyone as their ears rang from the explosion. Helmut lay protectively over the astonished young shepherd, feeling oddly in the mood for lamb. The men around them snapped out of their daze and sprang to their feet after the carnage was over. Men yelled at each other in German across the fence.

"You Ossi bastards fucked things up!"

"Us? What the hell did we do? Come over to this side of the fence and I'll kick you in the bag-"

Very quickly, people started realizing that the section of the border fence that they were guarding was just that. A section. It had been cut off at either end corresponding to the diameter of the flashing sphere of light from earlier, and was probably only 300 meters long now. And if one looked at the ground where the fence ended, they'd discover a perfect circle where the grass changed color.

Helmut looked back, away from the fence. The land was completely pastoral, and there were mountains and dense forests in the far distance where there once were cities.

The sudden alien-ness of this world made itself known to Helmut, and chills shivered down his spine. He got up. The boy took this as a cue to do the same.

"What was that? That sounded like Yodin hurling a lightning bolt!"

Helmut ignored the boy and continued to stare into the distance. He could see a small village in a clearing in the woods somewhere to the Southeast. He felt a tugging on his sleeve. Helmut's pale grey eyes looked down at the boy.

"I said, what was that?"

"Mines. They kill trespassers. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to join the rest of my men."

The boy blew a low whistle and gathered his sheep. He ran off, muttering under his breath. "What a dick."

Helmut quickly walked over into the gathered mass of East Germans and Soviets. "Otto! Andreas! Hauptmann?" He cried, putting his hands around his mouth. A hand fell on his shoulder and pressed against him.

"The captain is dead. Broken neck," said Otto, leaning on Helmut. "I've got a twisted ankle myself."

"Where's Andy?"

"I'm right here," came a voice from underneath. Helmut looked down and tripped over Andreas' foot. Andy was sitting on the ground with his legs outstretched.

"You must have gone blind and deaf, man. We were calling your name the whole time. We thought you saw us when you started walking over here, but you kept going."

"Why are you on the ground like this?"

"Broken rib."

"Oh."

The three boys stared at each other and the crowd of soldiers around them. Each man was waiting silently for their superior to come along and make sense of everything. When the minutes turned into hours, small cracks began to show up in their martial discipline; men were fidgeting with their collars, shuffling around in their boots, coughing nervously.

Helmut resisted the temptation to pull out his pack of cigarettes in sight of the others, though his nerves were getting to him too. He had the creeping suspicion that he wouldn't be able to replace them here.

"Say," he called out to one of his friends softly, mostly to distract himself, "Do you know where we are?"

Though all the men had stoic expressions, Helmut could tell that he instantly got everyone's attention. Otto and Andy just shrugged their shoulders and tried not to look concerned.

"Damn, if only we weren't so anti-social," Helmut thought to himself.

 Meanwhile, on the other side of the fence, some of the surviving Americans had already taken the initiative and ordered the West Germans to retreat somewhere in the distance. The Easterners decided not to pursue them.

Instead, they continued to stand in silence, certain that leadership would swoop in and rescue them from their situation.

Eventually, hunger began to settle in their stomachs, and one of the Ossis couldn't take it anymore. He raised his hand.

"Let's go to that town over there. They might have a working radio station."

At once, every man got to his feet, or helped his neighbor onto his, and trundled his pack and gear with his comrades over to the picturesque border village in the East.

=========

Meanwhile...

Cerulean Palace, Nithroel, Drëuwan Province

Lady Yalanwë gazed outside her oval-shaped window, resting her elbows in the trough. The forests outside were a warm, inviting shade of green, and even though she was in the tallest tower in the tallest building in the Alvenni spire-city of Nithroel, they still stretched as far as her elven eyes could see. So much life lay just beyond her reach. She longed to walk barefoot in moss while running her hands along the bark of trees, shaded by the green leaves.

Green was the second favorite color of the elves. It was the color of growing things, of new life. But the favorite color of the elves was of gold, more accurately, of the flaxen hue of the famed willow trees of Alfhome, before it fell to the curse of eternal winter.

Yalanwë's father, Caradol, was chief advisor to the King of Alfhome, and it was his idea to move the elves to Meruweld, in Mannhome where the humans lived. The King refused, and later died under mysterious circumstances. But his ambitious son agreed to conquer the Northern half of Mannhome, and in gratitude for Caradol's guidance and support, granted him domain over his own heptarchy, or 7th part, of Meruweld. He chose Drëuwan, both for its rich forests and central location in Mannhome. 

The Northmen of Mannhome, or Theudes as they called themselves, were already subjugated by the Alvenni Empire. The Southermen lived below the great Earth Belt, the mountain range that split Mannhome in half, and had a sophisticated empire of their own. 

One day, they too would be subjects of the Alvenni, even if it takes a hundred years. After all, what does time mean to a great Elf-lord?

Caradol left Alfhome five hundred years ago, and now, at 1200 years old, was just beginning to show signs of middle age. He had sired 83 children. Lady Yalanwë was his 57th and youngest daughter. She was born shortly after the conquest, and grew up to be the spitting image of her mother. 

But like her mother, she had severe albinism, and she could never be out under the full sun. Even staring out through the window would hurt her eyes after a few hours. Her irises were pale grey, just one or two shades darker than her sclera. Her skin and hair were white as snow, which earned her the mockery of other elves, who detested winter now.
