 Yay! Another chapter done! Please let me know if there are any questions, criticisms or suggestions about my story and of course, please let me know if you liked it! 

I also want to thank everyone for the reception of my first chapter. It was my first published work so it was great to know that people enjoyed it.

*******************

Elyse closed the door behind her and let out a long, frustrated sigh. Just like the past few days before, her hair was a tangled mess. Her clothes looked no better either. Her shirt was wrinkled and she wore simple sweat pants instead of any of the more outgoing clothes that she had. She leaned against the wall before sliding down into a sitting position and burying her head in her arms.

Today had been another horrible day. Ever since her encounter with Dahlia, her body had been changed even if not outwardly so. The most noticeable and frustrating of those changes was that she was in a constant state of high arousal. It always felt like she was about to orgasm yet despite that, she could not find release not matter what she did. And that wasn't even mentioning the increased sensitivity. Just wearing panties was often too much stimulation for her. As a result, she had lived the past few days with constant, burning frustration over an arousal that could not be satisfied. Her grades were suffering as well, seeing as how she could not pay attention for more than a few seconds without her thoughts being interrupted by her body's plea for relief that just could not be achieved. The only consolation she had was that her mind had returned to somewhat normal state now that she wasn't in the presence od that corrupting demoness. Of course, that comfort did not help much whenever she invariably thought about how she had willingly submitted and begged to be ravenously fucked before. 

Elyse just sighed and got up slowly, making sure to not cause her panties to shift to much as doing so would only cause more unwanted arousal. Even with her being careful though, she could not suppress a moan as it felt like moving at all would inevitably cause her some amount of unneeded pleasure. She slowly made her way to her bed which now had spare sheets and blankets on it as her old ones had been thoroughly soaked with demon jizz and Elyse had decided to just throw them away rather than try to deal with it. As soon as she landed on her bed, she tore off her pants and panties, letting out a sigh as she did so. It did not cause her arousal to go away, not by a long shot, but it made it slightly more bearable. Looking down, she could see that her pussy was absolutely drenched with her juices. It came as no surprise to her at this point though. It had been this way constantly for the past few days. 

Closing her eyes, Elyse thought about how she was going to continue like this. She had hoped that this strange arousal would eventually face, but it had been quite some time now and it had showed no signs of abating. As she thought, her hand almost unconsciously drifted low and began to rub her overly sensitive clit. It was not long before she realized what she was doing, but she made no move to stop. She found out rather quickly that with how much arousal was burning inside of her, she could no resist. As her fingers worked faster, she bit her lip to suppress another moan. It wasn't like masturbating ever helped to relieve herself, but it didn't mean that it wasn't pleasurable. In fact, with her newly increased sensitivity, it felt even better than ever before. Soo, her fingers were plunging into her constantly lubricated entrance, splashing her juices all over her bed. She had given up trying to stay quiet too, and moans filled the room. She could feel her pleasure rising higher and higher. It always went like this. She would near a peak of pleasure but just as she was about to finish, the pleasure would simply stop increasing. It didn't go away, it just didn't reach the point of climax. Once again, she let out a frustrated sigh, but she didn't stop, unable to resist the pleasure.

"I see you're enjoying yourself, my cute little fucktoy." 

Elyse almost fell off her bed when she suddenly heard a voice beside her. What was worse was that despite her encounter being a few days past, she easily recognized the sound of the voice. Turning her head, she Dahlia standing in all of her terribly beautiful and sinful glory with a hand on her wide hips and with her perfectly plump lips curled in a wicked smile. 

"Wh- how, when di-" Elyse stammered, unable to from a coherent sentence through the shock of seeing the demoness again so suddenly. She had stopped masturbating, but she made no move to cover herself up, figuring that there was probably not much point in it. 

Dahlia only laughed lightly in response. "You didn't think I was completely done with you did I? I just wanted to give you some alone time and watch how you dealt with having been fucked by a giant, demonic horsecock." 

Elyse's face turned an even darker shade of red as Dahlia's words evoked images of her screaming and moaning from a long, constant orgasm that had been brought about by being impaled on Dahlia's cock. Speaking of which, she could not keep her eyes from wandering low and looking at the massive slab of meat that was hanging between the demoness' beautiful, strong thighs. It was just as big as she had remembered and it was still flaccid, only making it seem more imposing. 

Dahlia noticed Elyse's gaze and giggled before taking a hold of her chin and directing her eyes back to her face. Elyse gulped apprehensively as her gaze was met by those piercing, glowing orbs. Just a look made her body feel even hotter and more restless than before. 

"No mortal is ever the same after having a night with me, and I expected you to be no different, that is why I set up a little method to observe you." She snapped her fingers and Elyse watched as a glowing red glyph suddenly appeared on her wall. If it had not been revealed to her, there was no way she would have ever found it. "And I have to say," Dahlia continued, "You provided me with plenty of entertainment. Seeing you flounder around trying so desperately to quell the arousal in your body was just such a delightful sight." 

Dahlia's hand reached down and she pushed a finger into Elyse soaked cunt. The captive girl gritted her teeth as a massive wave of pleasure flowed over her entire body. Somehow, just a single motion from the demoness had brought her more pleasure than a long masturbation ever did before. 

"But you already know by now don't you? There is nothing you alone can do to find release. That is unless, I help you." Else closed her eyes and let the pleasure wash over her. Of course she was afraid and apprehensive over not just Dahlia's sudden appearance but the sudden knowledge that the demoness had been watching her ever since they had met. However, it was hard to act on those feeling when it was rapidly feeling like she might actually achieve some sort of relief. She could not help but to grind her hips into Dahlia's hand and moan as for once, the pleasure began to build beyond the peak that it had stopped at so many times before. Already, the voice in her head had resurfaced and was telling her to just give in to the ecstasy that the sinful demoness brought. 

But suddenly, Elyse felt Dahlia's finger withdraw from her and she was left with nothing but frustration once again. Her eyes opened and despite her apprehensions, desperation was evident in them. Dahlia drank in the sight and laughed again. 

"I didn't come back just to relieve you though. What fun would that be?" Dahlia said, her hand still gripping the girl's chin in a tight yet gentle grasp. Elyse could only let out a moan of disappointment. Sh felt like she had gotten so close!

"B-but, you can't just leave me like this! I can hardly even function..." Elyse pleaded, the desperation and lust in her eyes only growing with each passing second. For a while, Dahlia was silent, and she only studied Elyse's expression. After a moment, she let go of her, letting the girl almost fall forward off the bed from the sudden movement. 

"Of course I can leave you like this," she said teasingly, her lips curled in yet another mischievous smile. "But you have provided me with a lot of pleasure and entertainment, so I suppose I could do you a favor." She paced around the room, looking as if she was considering a thought. Of course, she was just pretending as she continued to enjoy watching Elyse squirming frustration brought on by rampant and uncontrolled ecstasy. After a while, she turned back to Elyse who at this point was panting due to how hot her body felt. The sight filled the demoness with delight.

"Lucky for you, I am feeling generous, so here is my offer: I want to taste the juices of my adorable little cocksleeves arousal seeing as how it has built up for so long. With that, I propose a challenge. If you can avoid orgasming, then I will return your body to normal and we will never meet again so long as you don't desire it. I will even grant your original desire to be more attractive to others. But if you fail to avoid that..." A wicked flash appeared in the demoness' eyes and her lips parted into a smile that showed off her fanged teeth. "...then I will claim you permanently as my pet." 

"W-wait, by 'taste the...' do you mean?"

Dahlia sighed and rolled her eyes. "Yes, I am going to eat you out. I would be upset with you if it weren't for the fact that being a proper fuckpuppet doesn't require you to be smart."

Elyse sat there and considered the offer. The idea of finally being free from the uncontrollable and inescapable arousal was more enticing than she could describe. It's not like it had irreversibly ruined her life either. If she managed to get her way and recover today, then she could easily steer her life back on track. Plus, the temptation of having her wish granted and becoming more desirable made the offer all the better. Of course, she thought about the repercussions as well. The demoness had been awfully short-spoken about what should happen if she failed. She would become her pet. The thought made her shiver slightly even despite not knowing what it entailed. But in the end, her desire to rid herself of this curse of arousal was too high. She knew that Dahlia was no doubt an expert at pleasuring others, but if it was something simple as being eaten out, then Elyse figured she at least had a chance. 

"So, if I don't cum, then you will grant my desire and then leave?" Elyse said with a small measure of disbelief in her voice, something that was not unnoticed by Dhalia.

"Yes, I promise, though I don't know how much the word of a demon means to you," she replied with a giggle. Elyse obviously had her doubts about Dahlia's sincerity, but there didn't seem like there was going to be any other option as far as returning herself to normal. It was her only chance. 

"F-fine, I'll do it." Dahlia smile only widened, her teeth glinting. She had no intention of allowing Elyse to win and imagined that there would be no issue in making sure she didn't. 

"Very well, then be a good girl and spread your legs like a good slut," Dahlia said as she once again approached the fidgeting girl. Elyse did not enjoy being referred to with such degrading terms, but she figured that she may as well endure it. More than that, there was a small part of her that got excited every time she heard those kinds of words come from the demoness' mouth, though she would not admit it to herself. 

Elyse reluctantly but obediently opened her legs, giving Dahlia full view of her snatch that was still leaking from arousal. The demoness slowly kneeled down as she got to the girl and placed her hands on her thighs to keep them apart before moving her head closer. Just the scent of her toy's unchecked arousal excited her to no end and she had to resist the temptation to just grab the small girl and plunge her once again pent-up cock into her right then and there. But she wasn't about the spoil the fun and leaned in to place a small, quick kiss on Elyse's swollen clit just to gauge her reaction. 

Elyse felt her whole body shiver the moment those lips made contact. For a moment, she was afraid considering how much pleasure such a simple action had brought her, but she gritted her teeth and did her best to resist getting more turned on. With all her mental effort, she conjured images of as much non-sexual things as she could to distract herself. Of course, Dahlia could see that she was doing so and grinned with the knowledge that at least it wouldn't be over too quickly. 

After a moment, Dahlia continued. Leaning in again, she pressed her lips against the squirming girl's snatch and kissed and licked along it. Her tongue, being longer and more dexterous than a human's, worked perfectly along those lips, licking up all the delicious fluids that were constantly streaming out. After getting a taste, she pushed her tongue in slightly, allowing herself to savor the inside as well. Her tongue explored Elyse's soaked entrance and she could not suppress a smile as she felt the girl's legs shaking and trembling constantly. 

Meanwhile, Elyse was having trouble keeping her composure. All of her thoughts were constantly interrupted by the spikes of pleasure that were running through her mind every time she felt Dahlia's tongue caress her insides. Her lust-filled moans filled the air and there were more than a few times that she had to resist bringing her hands up to her small breasts to rub and caress them to further compliment the divine pleasure that she was experiencing. Had she not been making an attempt to resist, there was no doubt in her mind that she would have already climaxed some time ago. Despite that though, she still managed to avoid orgasming. 

As time went on though, the pleasure only built up more and more. Elyse could feel her ability to resist crumble steadily as her body was slowly overtaken by ecstasy. She bit her lip hard and her hands gripped the sheets of the bed hard enough to make her knuckles whiten as she tried desperately to quell the rising need to orgasm. Her whole body was trembling as wave after wave of sinfully delightful sensations washed over her. She could feel herself getting so close to the first climax she had in a long time and while she resisted it, part of her wanted nothing more than to be able to finish for once. 

Just as it was about to happen though, Dahlia withdrew her head from in between the girl's legs. Elyse almost let out a noise of disappointment before realizing that the demoness stopping might have meant. She was about to ask if she had managed to win when she saw a wicked expression on Dahlia's face that gave her pause. She watched as grinning demoness reached a hand over and placed her finger gently against Elyse's clit. She immediately closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, expecting a sudden surge of pleasure, but she felt nothing. After a while of apprehensive anticipation, she opened her eyes thinking that she had succeeded in her challenge. When she did so though, it was just in time to see Dahlia leaning in again before pressing her lips against Elyse's clit and sucking lightly.

Instantly, Elyse let out a cry of intense pleasure. Her whole body spasmed and shook as it suddenly felt like all the orgasms she had been denied over the past few days came at her all at once. Her eyes rolled into her head and a line of drool ran down her chin as her mind was overtaken by nothing but pure ecstasy. Her long unsatisfied pussy gushed her juices all over the bed as well as over Dahlia's face as Elyse achieved the orgasm she had long been desiring and more. 

After what felt like an eternity of blinding pleasure, Elyse began to come down from her orgasmic high. She fell backward onto her bed still panting and moaning, her body still shaking and fidgeting from the lingering sensations. When she finally regained some of her strength, she slowly brought herself back to a sitting up position. Dahlia was standing up again and Elyse could see she still had that wicked grin on her face. 

"Y-you cheated!" Elyse said accusingly with a defiant expression on her face. Dahlia only laughed at her and the sound of it made the poor girl shrink away slightly, her defiant look melting away slightly. 

"I don't quite remember either of us saying that I couldn't use magic. Besides, did you really think that I wouldn't be able to make you cum even without magic? It was just a lot more fun to see you struggle and squirm against a fate you couldn't avoid. Face it, you lost and now you're mine." As Dahlia spoke, she placed a hand on Elyse's stomach. The trembling girl watched with apprehension as Dahlia whispered some inscrutable words before withdrawing her hand. When she did so, Elyse could see that there was now a strange symbol on her stomach, just somewhat above her pussy. 

"W-what is that, what did you do?" She reached a shaky hand over and touched it and when she did, she felt a strange tingling.

"Oh, you'll see soon enough, for now though, I'll tell you that it's how I'm going to make you into a proper toy."

Elyse watched with frightened suspense as the symbol slowly began to glow. After a while, she began to feel an intense burning in her crotch. She was about to reach her hands to the source of the sensation but Dahlia suddenly leaned down and grabbed her arms, keeping them still.

"Just let it happen, dear. There's nothing you can do now and I promise you'll enjoy it more if you don't resist." Elyse could now only watch as the burning got stronger. For a while, there was no noticeable change, but soon, a throbbing sensation in her slit began to accompany the heat. Her eyes widened as her sensitive nub began to swell larger, growing longer and thicker with each throb. It was not long before it had grown to the size of a small penis and it showed no signs of slowing down. As it continued to swell larger, it began to change in shape as well. The base of it seemed to thicken and darken more than the rest and the tip flattened slightly. Elyse, even in her panicked state, began to recognize the shape that it was taking and soon, it was obvious that it was forming into a small cock, though one that would be more in place on a horse than a human were it not for it's relatively small size. Of course, it did not stay small for long. 

It rapidly expanded now, each throb adding multiple inches of length and girth to the massive tool. A sheathe formed around the base and stopped at a median ring about a third of the way up the shaft and darkened slightly. She also could feel a pulling sensation below her new appendage that steadily built up until she suddenly felt a new weight drop, relieving the pulling feeling as quick as it had come. Though she could not quite see past the thick tube that was now jutting from between her legs, she could tell just from the sensation that there was now two enormous orbs hanging from her crotch. The sack was thick and leathery, in the same way that the sheathe that covered a portion of her new horsecock was. They grew along with her expanding cock and she could already feel the thick fluids sloshing within. 

Soon, her cock was a massive three feet long and looked thicker than a soda can. It finally stopped growing, though it still throbbed, causing the massive length to bob along with Elyse's accelerated heartbeat. The poor girl only stared at it with wide eyes as she could not find words behind her shock. 

Dahlia, on the other hand, looked absolutely delighted. "You turned out bigger than even I imagined. Maybe you actually wanted this?" Of course, Elyse did not manage a response. "Hmm, still too shocked, dear? I don't blame you, it's not every day you see a giant horsecock grow on yourself after all," the demoness said, giggling slightly.
