 I wake up when Frank puts his hand to my head, Wilma and Sally wake up when I give him a hug making him groan. The commotion we make gets a nurse to appear, she smiles then leaves again. Everyone looks over when I get out of Frank's bed Tony and a very nervous little man from DEA are standing there.

"We know who orchestrated this, he is a Mexican drug lord, a new one trying to make his mark and being very brutal about it. We haven't gotten Mexico to agree to let you in yet." The DEA agent says to me his hands trembling a little, I'm growling now.

"I don't care if Mexico will recognize me, this is personal. Mexico is welcome to clean up after, this man is however mine."

"Well that's part of the reason they are not sure if they want you. Mexico City has enough people being killed by this ghost guy you coming in and killing would make it worse."

"I will only kill those that get in my way and him."

I give Tony a kiss on my way out, not a little peck, I grab him pull him to me and press my lips to his our tongues wrestling for a second or two. Thoughts of taking him home first running through my head I make my way through the emergency room to the exit, a large number of reporters outside. I look up at the just rising sun then turn to look at the reporters all close to me staring their camera's on and pointing at me.

"It has come to my attention that the man who did this attack on Detroit's police is a new drug lord in Mexico I am going to Mexico now for a little hunting. This man is being brutal in his rise I will be more brutal in his fall. Air this in one hour, it is all the time I need."

Amid their questions on how I will reach this man and what his name is I leave. At first I restrict myself to make it easier to get out of the city, once I get to the open interstate I open up the speed. I am leaping over the still not finished fence in Arizona several seconds later in a dark sky. My first stop is Nogales for no better reason than a firefight between two groups armed with a myriad assortment of assault rifles, submachine guns, and pistols.

I lay into both sides leaping to each side between being shot up and clawing them open. I get half of each side on the ground passed out, holding themselves or dead before I start asking questions. At first no one is very forthcoming with answers, when I get it down to just a couple men they get very interested in telling me what I want to know. The first man tells me he is definitely living in Mexico City the second tells me he might actually be a high ranking member of the government.

After knocking both out I continue on through Hermosillo and Guaymas. I have to smile a little remembering the first time I had come to Mexico. We had taken a train from Los Angeles through Mexicali and eventually stopped at Guaymas where we took in a few of the sites before moving on the next day. My colleagues of course had been interested in the women available I ended up spending the night with our guide. He was a most wonderful man, luckily for me not sick with the illness that two of my fellow archeologists ended up receiving.

I let the memories of Miguel and his hands traveling all over me occupy my mind as I run on. The way he would speak to me in English and Spanish that I was still learning when I first took him to my bed. Mostly though, I remember his cock as it moved in me, the heights of passion I reached. The feel of him finishing in me was almost as good as Tony, I suppose in a way I loved Miguel. Not enough to take him up on his offer for marriage, but definitely enough to allow him in my bed and myself whenever he wanted.

When I reach Mazatlan I decide to follow the railroad to Durango to reach Mexico City from a different path that may or may not have been reported. This puts me squarely on the roads however the railway meanders a bit from Durango to Mexico City. There is a road at least, not in the best of conditions though nothing worse than cracks. With no traffic besides one truck having problems going in a straight line I get to the outskirts of Mexico City in seconds, well not quite Mexico City, like Los Angeles it has expanded to swallow up the surrounding towns into one big mass of buildings.

I pause to question the street walkers on this ghost person, getting no information at first. Getting into Mexico City itself I do start to get information, though nothing quite as good as I get from a woman after I save her. It started innocently enough I spot a tired woman walking along the street. Before I reach her a man is accosting her demanding money, I come in fist first. With the man laid out on the ground she tells me the rumors on this ghost. I have to grin when she tells me she thinks the man I just cold cocked works for him.

I hoist him to my shoulder then ask for the nearest large park, I will need to not be disturbed. The woman looks a little nervous as she eyes me and the man on my shoulder she still points and gives me directions. It is a fast run, there is still little in the way of traffic to avoid. The park is really quite nice, grass and trees galore, benches here and there on a path for runners. I find a more hidden spot inside the runner paths and drop the man on the ground.

Placing a hand over his mouth I extend my index finger claw out and run it over the back of his hand, not deep just enough to get blood and a muffled scream. Once he has nodded to my finger over my lip I withdraw my hand and ask him questions. He does work for ghost he does not know where he lives, I show him my hand with claws out then ask if he is sure. He nods emphatically so I ask him where his boss is, he is not sure on that then offers to call him and get him to come to where I want.

I let him up then watch as he pulls out a cell phone and places a call, he talks to a rather irate man for a little while. I giggle when he tells his boss he found a hot little woman just aching for a good group fucking. I take the phone from him and explain I wouldn't mind just him if he can provide a lot more men later. He sounds very eager when I describe myself along with an agreeing word from my hostage. He hangs up when I tell him to go to the park we are in I am in the bushes very horny for him and his cock.

We move to the bushes near the edge of the park on the side the boss had mentioned. My hostage looking rather nervous stands just on the road looking around when a car appears he waves it down. I have to admit it is a nicer car than you would expect from someone not that far up in a new drug lord's employ. The boss on the other hand, is not that nice, I watch in a little dismay, he is a large man oily looking with slicked back hair. Very glad I'm not getting under him I call to him then fade back in the bushes as he crashes through.

He screeches like a girl when I jump on him spilling him backwards onto the ground. The conversation is short at first, he tries to put on a brave face saying his men will be here any second and I will be full of holes. I open his arm with one hand holding him down with the other letting his screams fill the air. I ask him again if he knows where ghost lives. His brave face not so brave he denies knowing and refuses to help me find him. His screams fill the air again when I open his other arm, I ask where ghost is with my bloody hand hovering over his distended and trembling belly.

Bubbling and crying like a little girl that has lost her teddy he admits to not knowing he only knows of his boss. The address for his boss is on his cell phone, this I get after poking into the skin of his belly, said cell phone is in his car. I stand up to get his cell phone until he starts threatening my hostage with reprisals, thinking better of leaving this one alive I tear his throat open. He makes noises until I reach his car, my hostage looking very nervous.

I turn and look at him then tell him to go on and stay law abiding, he swears he will then runs away. Picking up the cell phone I find it is a brand new one with all the neat little options. I get the address then get directions on how to get there from where I am. I am impressed when I notice it half keeps up with me, I have to stop at the turns for half a second before it updates to my current. When I get near the house I move into hiding there are camera's and guards.

While I stay low and move closer I have time to ponder why there was no shouting or police cars going to the park. At the wall of the house I decide that the park must be used for killings during the night. Peeking over the wall I see two guards, both carrying submachine guns. One guard is on the grounds itself the other is on a terrace with moving camera's at the corners of the grounds. With a plan in mind I move around the outside of the compound jump up on the wall and hold the camera looking at the gate until it grinds and snaps.

The guard on the grounds comes over a few seconds later to take a look at the camera. He walks over his gun held up in both hands talking to someone on a radio sounding very nervous. I have to stifle a giggle when he refuses to climb up the pole the camera is mounted on. When he turns to head back to the front of the house I come over the wall and rip his throat open. It's hard to not do lots of damage with four big sharp claws.

I leave him there gurgling and trying to not die as I head to the edge of the wall. I pause a moment to wonder why the terrace above does not extend around the side of the house then realize the alley is straight, would be simple to shoot someone at long range from there. I move on to whether or not I should stay quiet when the matter is solved for me, the front door opens and stays open as a man walks toward me. I crouch low and wait for him to come around the corner glad the grounds are not expansive. 

When he comes round the corner clad in of all things a nightgown I charge him with a roar. Screw being quiet I'm taking down a drug lord after all, claws flying I run him over blood spraying all over. I am inside the house before he has hit the ground where I pause to giggle he was wearing a pink and white striped nightgown. I go through the ground floor, nice kitchen, a small bathroom, a very big living room and a bedroom for the security I suppose one regular bed and bunk beds. Upstairs proves more interesting, the last security guard is standing in front of a door.

He screams Jaguar and opens fire I let him empty his clip mostly into the wall around me before I punch him. I punch him very hard sending him flying into the wall at the end of the hallway. Trying the door I find it is locked and a very sturdy door, I move to a different door that is unlocked and go through. On the terrace I find the right door and giggle when it is unlocked. Inside I find a man alone with a very big pistol, he fires at me a few times making me smile and thank him.

After tossing his gun out the door behind me I toss him on his bed and flash him my bloody claws. He is very eager to help me after that though he does not know where ghost is either he has a boss who should know. I retrieve his cell phone from the night table next to his bed. When he is very eager to show me how to find the right name I just cut his throat. The phone rings while he is still making noise and twitching, I check it is showing as the chief of police.

Well not exactly the chief of police, they use a different title in Mexico, though it is the same position. Slightly confused I let it go to voice mail where he leaves a rather confusing message about if he doesn't call back in ten minutes he will alert the rest of the men. Not willing to think the chief of police would be ghost I check the previous calls record to find the man called the chief on a regular basis, two other numbers more often. I check the numbers, one is for an escort service the other is the boss he was telling me about.

Pulling up the directions to this new address I am slightly surprised to find this person lives a mile away. Wondering why they live so close together I move fast to this new house. It does not have as large grounds as the last, this one is like most of the houses a house with a walled in yard. I have to pause here as well there are guards in the yard and on the street. Pondering on how to do this only lasts a moment, I gave up being quiet.

The two on the street are easy, I run past with my claws high, they turn to look at my growling face as I zip past. This opens up their throats for a most savage claw attack that leaves both gurgling and dying. There are two more in the yard the first is easy he's standing under a tree. I only notice he is watering the tree when I drop down next to him and add some more blood to my hands. The second man notices me or hears the other gurgling because he opens fire.

His aim is rather atrocious he puts more bullets into the ground, the wall behind and the tree than into me. I tear his torso open in passing into the house, down the hallway runs a scared boy, barely old enough to have the start of facial hair. I let him pass with a growl before I head down the hallway checking each door. The first door is the master bedroom, empty. The second door is a bathroom this one is equally as bad looking as the one I have to live with just in a disgusting yellow tan. The last door I find him, it is a boys room, baseball glove and bat on the floor, several baseballs and a few trophies.

He is nude and looks to have just woken up a wedding ring on his finger has me groaning. He is telling me about how his wife and son are away while I drag him out into the backyard. I only ask him one question, he swears he doesn't know where ghost lives he has a boss who should. I leave him dying on the lawn as I go into the house again to find his ringing phone. His phone turns up in the master bedroom the chief of police is calling him. I let this one go to voice mail, sounding very agitated the chief is saying there seems to be an attack on his men.

After the message ends feeling very confused and a lot worried I check the previous calls list. This man mostly called the chief of police, with a groan I check the listings for the hospital Frank is in. After speaking to a rather harried nurse she transfers me to the right phone.

"Frank I have a problem I've taken down three men and some guards. So far they all claim to not know who this Fantasma is. Twice now the men's phones show a lot of calls to the chief of police here in Mexico City. He just called this last one saying there seems to be an attack on his men. Either I'm killing off under cover police or the chief is Fantasma."

"Honestly it would make sense the chief down there is a career cop he knows the city and the underworld as well as anyone can. Don't worry you are not killing off cops there would be only one in the group. Keep those cell phones and give them to the press when you are done. Speak with the chief first see what he says." Frank sounds a lot angrier than you would expect, I suppose because it looks to be a fellow cop.

I hang up then figure out where the chief is, clear on the other side of the city. Not relishing a run through the streets with the people leaving their homes soon I take off. Wishing there were more center lines I run along the middle of the street as much as I can seeing a few cars. Seems like every single car screeches to a stop the driver staring after me, I admit I looked the first couple times it happened. Wishing I could go faster in spite of these twisty roads I make my way through the city the sun is starting to come up when I reach the right house.

I have to stop in rather awe of this house it is huge with a grounds of almost extreme length and depth. When the gates open I do not expect to be shot yet they do, I was just standing out in front of the gates. The iron gates are not even open fully when bullets come spewing out of the grounds into me. Their aim is much better here I let them empty their clips almost entirely into me then stand up.

"La muerte esta aqui." I shout at them then roar.

There are four of them just staring at me, when they start reloading I charge. The first I flat out punch then claw him twice opening up his torso before he flies away. The second I claw his throat before turning on the third and laying him open. The fourth man drops his gun I take a little pity on him and just snap his neck. Two more guards open fire from a second floor terrace as the garage door opens. I go after the two guards coming out of the garage firing at me as a car leaves in a very big hurry.

With those two dead I chase after the car, not very hard to do that, the driver burned rubber to turn onto the street. A man pops up out of the roof of the car to fire on me hitting me some and the cars we are passing more. I speed up and get on top of the car with a roar cutting his throat then lifting him out of the car and dropping him behind the car. With the sunroof closing I slip through the opening to sit next to a man in a suit.

"Why are you doing this?" His voice sounds very familiar, laden with an accent that brings back memories.

"I am looking for Fantasma his men executed an assault on the Detroit police. Everything points to you being this Fantasma, so I am here to ask you a few questions." I say looking at him then choking back a gasp, he looks and sounds like Miguel, luckily the wonderment of his speaking to me in English makes it easier.

He doesn't say anything, just sighs and pulls out a gun. I let him shoot me twice before taking away his gun and tossing it out the door. Not really surprised the windows don't open, chief of police is not well liked in a regular city. In the semi lawlessness of Mexico City there must be almost daily attempts on the chief.

"Why are you a drug lord?"

"Because I have been policia in Mexico City for twenty five years, in this time I have seen the people get poorer and the drug lords get richer. There is barely any attempt on curtailing them I deserve a nice retirement fund."

I groan at this, greed and ego pure and simple, I punch him in the jaw knocking a few teeth loose then haul him out the door. Not really having a good place to go in mind I carry him to a hospital. I go in to the emergency room causing a rather large panic eventually I get the nurse sitting behind admissions desk to understand I want reporters. I take the chief out front to the small grassy area just outside the emergency room for our wait for reporters.

The reporters do not take long though they are beat by a number of doctors and nurses. These stand outside of the emergency room or come all the way over to the parking lot beyond the grass. The reporters come scurrying over with the cameramen following along behind only a second slower. I ask if they will send this out to all news, after a number of yes answers I tell them no questions.

"I will repeat myself in a few languages so no need to translate for the people of Mexico. I was in Detroit until an hour or two ago, it's hard to keep track after running such a long way. There was an attack on the police there that I foiled, many police and regular people died in this attack it was engineered by a man called ghost, this man here is ghost and I will make him explain his reasons before I finish exacting my revenge." I repeat this in Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, and then Mayan.

I turn on the chief and tear his jacket and shirt off spilling out his cell phone in the process. I tell the chief to explain to the reporters who he is besides the chief of police, snarling when he refuses. I cut open one arm, after he is finished screaming I tell him to do it again. He refuses so I cut open the other arm to the same results. Growing slightly impatient I run my claws down his chest to the ribs twice then ask him to explain his reasons for being ghost.

This time he does explain in between sobs getting very shocked exclamations from the reporters. I open up his belly asking why he had an attack on the police of Detroit. His answer is rather annoying, a reputation to uphold is not a good enough reason for the needless slaughter of so many. I cut and break his parts sending blood and screams flying until he is dead then turn to face the cameras again.
