 Author's Notes: 

I am truly sorry about taking so long to post this part. I have had many readers message me over the past few months asking for an update and, unfortunately, I haven't been able to deliver till now. A combination of life and my horrible habit of procrastination with writing delayed me for a lot longer than I wished. But, I am happy to say my motivation is making its way back and I aim to finish this properly. So, please enjoy! 

***** 

I basked in the afternoon sun as I walked around the campus grounds. It was slightly chilly out, but otherwise a nice day. After my escapade in the classroom, I was a mix of tired and content. So, rather than go looking for some more fun, I decided to enjoy the outside. That, of course, didn't mean I wouldn't use a little magic here and there. 

As I walked the pathways, I kept myself unseen. This allowed me to look around freely at the other students outside without seeming odd. Most of them were walking around like me, either on their way to their next class or to their dorm. Others took to the grass, relaxing on a nice day before fall really started to hit. Every time someone peaked my interest, I used my x-ray eyes to see what the world wanted to. And, I couldn't help but feel bad for what the world was missing. Amazing bodies everywhere with curves and nipples to die for. Some were flat chested while others sported easy D cups. Some wore casual underwear while others wore barely anything. By the time I made it to the edge of campus, I had gotten a good eye full more people I could count. 

Of course, I didn't let my fun stop there. Every once in a while, I would stop by someone relaxing on the grass. With a quick touch on their shoulder, I would watch as they started to squirm in place. Then, I would walk away with a smile on my face and leave them to their own devices. One in particular stuck out enough for me to stick around and see what they would do. 

It was a tall girl sitting under a bunch of trees. She had short, black hair that just covered her eyes and ears. She also had an unzipped jacket and tight, yoga pants that helped her fight the cool of the shade. A quick look beneath her first layer revealed a simple white bra and panties. What peaked my interest about her, though, was what she was reading. I expected a normal text book from what everyone else was reading outside, but a quick look into her mind revealed a romantic novel. And a juicy one at that. Even better was the fact that she just started a sex scene while I was checking her out. I could feel her getting aroused as she read more of the scene and I knew I wasn't going to pass this chance up. 

As she read her steamy pages, I moved up to her and lightly touched her shoulder. The reaction was almost instantaneous. Her face became flushed as she started to squirm on the grass. I couldn't help but smile while I read her mind. 

"This scene is a lot hotter than I thought," she thought to herself. She looked around to make sure no one was nearby before looking down at the book again. "A little more won't hurt, though." 

I watched as she pulled her legs up slightly and continued to read. As she did, I could sense her arousal growing more and more. Suddenly, I noticed her hand snake to her breast and start to massage it. A quick look into her mind told me she hadn't even noticed she was doing it. Her hand slowly kneaded at her shirt as her thoughts were focused on the book. 

"I love how they describe the cock," she thought. "I wish I could feel that right now." She paused as she just now noticed her hand. "Oh wow. I didn't even notice. It must be better than I thought." Leaning forward slightly, she looked around the area. Other than myself, who still couldn't be seen, no one was nearby. "Just to be sure, though..." Then, after scooting back into the trees more, she curled up into a ball with the book in her lap. 

For the next few minutes, I watched as her hand went under her shirt and continued to play with her breast as she read. The scene got hotter with each page and promised to be one perfect for the girl's alone time. When her breast wasn't enough, her hand went south, finding its way beneath her waistband. I couldn't see it clearly because of her position, but reading her mind told me enough. I could almost feel her fingers on her clit, driving her closer and closer. At the same time, the scene started to reach its climax. Through her, I saw the vision of a girl getting bent over a table and rammed into in perfect ecstasy. It was if she was timing her climax with the girl in the book. 

"I can almost feel the cock," she thought. "Having it pulse deep inside me; ramming me at the perfect spot." 

Her fingers suddenly picked up their pace. She ignored the book as she focused on nothing more than cumming. I watched as her body stiffened and shook as the climax ripped through her. Through her thoughts, I could sense the waves of pleasure flow through her like waves on a beach. The entire time, she continued to rub your clit, making it as powerful as she could. After a few minutes, the waves of pleasure slowed with the motion of her fingers. Her body relaxed and her head sagged as she recovered from her session. 

"that was one hell of a scene." 

I smiled at that and turned away. It was true that I wanted to fuck her right there, but knowing that I gave her such pleasure with just a touch of my hand was enough. So, I left her to her book and continued to wander the campus. 

After some time, I found myself back at the game room of the campus. Before I entered, I made myself visible again so I could socialize once more. For the next hour or so, I talked with friends, played some pool and went along my time like I would normally. With everything that has happened in the last day or so, it was nice to have some normalcy again. Of course, that didn't mean I wasn't careful with Catrina. I made sure to keep her close at all times. Even if she was bound to me, I didn't want to risk something happening to her. 

After a pretty intense game of pool, I decided to sit down at one of the tables and relax. As soon as I turned around, though, I saw Jen walk into the room. She had changed out of her outfit from yesterday and now wore a black, long sleeved shirt with a pair of slim jeans and a school bag hanging from her shoulder. Both articles of clothing clung to her body perfectly to show of her figure just enough to entice and yet keep a man guessing. We both smiled at one another as she entered and she made short work to finding her way over to me. 

"Hi," she said as she took a seat next to me. 

"Hey," I replied back. "I thought you would be busy for most of the afternoon." 

"I was, but the study group ended faster than I expected. So, I came looking for you." 

"I won't complain about that." 

Her cheeks reddened slightly as she looked down at her hands. "I was hoping we could talk about last night." 

Unsure of how to read her tone, I tried to keep mine as neutral as possible. "Of course. Did you want to go somewhere else?" 

"No, here is fine." 

"Alright. Then what is it? Did something change from this morning?" 

I must have had a concerned look on my face, for when she looked up, she got slightly frantic. "No. Yes. I mean..." 

I sat there, quiet, so she could collect her thoughts. I was unsure of where she was going with this, but I didn't want to rush to judgement. 

She took a deep breath and looked me in the eye as she said, "I am still glad last night happened. I wanted it to. I just wasn't expecting it to happen that way." She took another breath. "I've always liked you, Ken. You're sweet and funny and always nice to be around. I never knew how you felt about me, though. So, after a while of you not making a move, I guess I just got impatient." Her cheeks turned red again as a small smile spread on her face. "I didn't plan to start it off like last night, though. It kind of just happened. But, I don't want it to end there either. I still want something." She sighed and looked down at her hands. "I'm not making much sense, am I?" 

I reached out and rested my hands on hers. "You are and I understand. Truth be told, I like you too. I was just too shy to make a move. And it's not just last night speaking when I say I want more as well. But, you're right. It started wrong. So, let's start over. Let's go on a date tonight." 

She looked up with a smile. "I would like that. What do you have in mind?" 

"How about a movie? Avengers came out a few weeks ago, so the crowd should be smaller now." 

"I would love to. Tonight?" 

"Tonight works. Let me look up some showings." 

I left one hand on hers as I reached for my phone. After a quick search, I found two times for tonight. Quickly, I showed her the phone with the times. 

"Here is what they have." 

She looked at the phone with a slight frown. "I can't do seven. My night class might run long. How about eight fifteen?" 

"I can work with that. When you are done with class, give me a call and I'll pick you up." A thought popped into my head that made me blush slightly. "If I had your number, that is." 

She chuckled slightly and started going through my phone. In no time at all, she added both her name and number to my contacts. Then, she quickly wrote mine down on the back of her hand. "There we go." 

I smiled as I took my phone back and returned my hand to hers. "How long can you stay?" 

"Not too much longer. I have a class in half an hour." 

"Then let's not waste it." 

For the next half hour, the two of us sat there and talked. We talked about likes, dislikes, hobbies, and everything in between. I learned new things that I never expected from her and only made me more interested. It was relaxing time that both of us needed. No sex, no passion. Just heart. By the time she had to leave, neither of us wanted her to. Yet, she insisted and I didn't fight. I knew I would see her tonight and that was enough for me. So, with a slight kiss on the lips, I watched her leave with a smile and a wave. 

After she left, I stuck around in the game room to relax. Everyone else let me be, so I opened Catrina and started to write. 

"Have any of your previous masters ever use you for love?" 

Yes. Some directly while others used subtler magic. 

"Did they ever regret it?" 

A few did. It would sometimes lead to a broken heart. Do you want to use my magic on Jen? 

"No. I want it to be real." 

I like that. I hope it works out well. 

"Thanks." 

Ken. I have some news for you. 

Confused, I wrote, "What news?" 

You asked me to inform you if your roommate would have his girl over. He has just brought her into his room. 

"I see. Thank you for the update." 

Looking down at my watch, I saw I had plenty of time until my date with Jen. So, I figured I had time for some fun. Holding Catrina close, I made my way back to my room. By the time I made back, his door was firmly shut with no sounds from the other side. Quickly, I went into my room and watched as Catrina appeared before me. 

"Are they both still in there?" I asked. 

She nodded as she replied, "Yes. One is currently laying on his bed while the other is on the computer." 

"Alright. Then, I wish we could see through the wall and watch them without them noticing." 

Catrina nodded once and the wall between our two rooms became transparent. On the other side, I could see Chuck sitting at his desk with some notes while his girlfriend simply relaxed on the bed. She was a striking girl with jet amber colored hair that hung around her shoulders. Her face was soft and gentle while her eyes seemed all knowing. It was hard to tell from her current angle, but I knew she didn't have much in terms of a bust. She made up for it, though, with an amazing butt that had all the right curves. Her eyes were closed, but her lips moved as she talked with Chuck. Occasionally, I would see his lips move too, but with the wall still technically there, I couldn't hear a thing. 

I smiled as I sat on my bed and watched them talk amongst themselves. I already knew how I wanted to have my fun with them, but I took my time to make everything last. 

"I wish that his girlfriend became slowly aroused. Make it a gradual thing, but make it so that, by the time she jumps him, the only thing on her mind is sex. I also wish for both of them to have good endurance so they can go for a long awhile. Oh, and I wish I could hear them through the wall." 

I watched her nod once before turning my attention back to the two in the other room. There was no immediate change in their behaviors, but I knew it was only a matter of time. I was welcomed by the voices, though, as Catrina's magic allowed. 

"What are you thinking for dinner?" asked Chuck. 

"I'm not sure," replied his girlfriend. "How does Chinese sound?" 

"Depends where. Some of the places around here don't work with my stomach. Maybe Luo's?" 

"I don't like their selection. There is that place on 9th." 

"Never been there, so I don't trust it. Maybe some Italian?" 

"Italian would be nice," she said with a slight grin. "I could go for some sausage." 

"The place on Walnut had gotten good reviews. Let's try that." 

"Sounds good. Are you going to be much longer?" 

"A few more minutes," Chuck said, turning a page in his book. "Then we can head out." 

She sat up slightly and said, "Alright. But, hurry up. I really want something in me soon." 

I could see a gleam in her eye when she said that, telling me the magic was working. Chuck, on the other hand, missed it all as he worked. 

"Almost done. We can go out for a movie afterwards if you want." 

"I could always go for a show. Though, there is plenty to watch back here." 

As she said that, she sat up more and leaned against the wall behind the bed. She sat facing Chuck, with her legs parted slightly. 

"Was there something you wanted to watch on Netflix?" 

"Maybe. It depends if something strikes my interest." 

Though hidden from view, I knew she was rubbing herself as her hand started to move back and forth between her legs. 

"What are you interested in?" 

"At the moment, something intimate." 

"Well, I did hear abo-" 

It was at that moment that Chuck looked over his shoulder and saw his girlfriend rubbing herself slowly with a hungry look in her eyes. His pen stopped mid stroke as he gawked slightly. At the same time, his girlfriend moved her free hand up her shirt and started to massage her boob. Chuck continued to watch for a bit longer before a smile grew on his face. 

"You're craving sausage, you say?" he asked. 

"A big one," she replied. "With all the best stuff." 

"It may take a bit to prepare." 

"Oh, I'm not too worried about that. My hands know how to work meat." 

Her hands left her clothes as she slowly got off the bed and made her way to him. With swift precision, she turned him and his chair and quickly unbuttoned his pants. In seconds, his member was out and in between her fingers. I watched as her hand started to stroke him gently as the look in her eyes grew stronger. Chuck grinned in response, enjoying her motions on his hardening body. 

I could feel myself getting hard as well from the all the talk and I certainly wasn't going to be left out. While keeping my eyes on the show, I turned my head to Catrina. 

"I wish you were as horny as she is right now. Then, I want us to enjoy ourselves as we watch them both." 

I saw her nod her head once out of the corner of my eye, then rush over to my lap. Looking down quickly, I saw her face was flushed and her eyes eager as she also took out my cock and started to lick it. The cool sensations were just what I needed as the pleasure started to flow through me. 

"Wow," I said to her. "she must be really horny." 

"She is," Catrina said between licks. "I am surprised she isn't riding him already." 

"I doubt we will have to wait long by the looks of it." 

Catrina positioned herself so she could both play with me and watch the scene before us at the same time. As she did, my eyes turned back to the other two, who just started to heat things up more. Chuck's girlfriend had taken her shirt off at some point and was now blowing him in just her bra and pants. Her mouth moved swiftly up and down the cock, taking in as much as she could with each stroke. Chuck, in the meantime, hung his head backward in pure pleasure. His hands rested on her shoulders, as he knew she needed no encouragement from him. Through the wall, I heard her slurps and moans as she continued to please him as much as possible. Then, with a slight pop, she lifted her head and resumed stroking him with her hand. 

"I think it's almost ready," she said in a sensual voice. "I think it just needs a bit more prep and it will be ready to enjoy." 

Chuck reached out and stroked her hair slightly as he said, "Well, I know the perfect way to heat it to perfection." 

"And where would that be?" 

His hand dropped down from her face to between her legs, snaking its way inside her pants. "Right here. And, by the look of it, it's all ready to go." 

"Are you sure? It might need a little prep too." 

"I'm sure I can help with that." 

Without taking his hand out of her pants, Chuck quickly stood her up and slid down her pants down after a hasty unbuttoning. She stood in front of him in her bra and panties as he started to finger her. His fingers were hidden by the panties, but I knew she was enjoying it by the wet spot growing on them. Pleasure flowed through her so fast that she grabbed his head to hold herself steady, holding him to her chest. He used the opportunity to pull a cup down from her bra and start sucking on a nipple. This made her moan loudly as she was bombarded by pleasure in multiple fronts. 

Not wanting to be outdone, Catrina stood up, removed what clothing she had on, and turned her back to me. I watched as she slowly positioned herself between my legs, but just in front of her shaven pussy. She slowly started to grind on me, using her own wetness to slide across my dick. Her hands gripped my knees to keep her stable, but I helped a little as I grabbed and groped her ass. As my hands kneaded the soft flesh, soft moans came out of her, dwarfed only by the moans on the other side of the wall. 

In front of us, we watched Chuck finger his girlfriend with much enthusiasm. His fingers danced quickly inside her panties, soaking the fabric through and through. All the while, his girlfriend held his head tightly as she moaned into his hair. Suddenly, she shuddered as an orgasm took her. Her whole body shook on his fingers while a trail of her fluids flowed down her legs and onto the floor. Chuck's fingers didn't stop, though. They rode it out for a few minutes before she showed signs of slowing down. Soon, she slumped against him, attempting to catch her breath while he smiled with his fingers still hidden behind the soaked panties. 

"I think the fire is ready to go," she said eventually. 

"Then it's time to cook the sausage," he replied. 

Slowly, he removed her panties and tossed them to the side. Then, I watched as she moved forward and lowered herself onto his lap. There was an audible sigh as she took him in, clearly enjoying every second until she was fully down. They sat there for a moment or two as she got used to him, making out as they did. Their tongues were dancing with each other by the time she started to move her hips. She grinded back and forth slowly in a motion that was both sensual and passionate. 

I gasped myself as I felt a change around my member. It was at that moment that Catrina decided she wanted more, for she moved just slightly enough that I went from rubbing against her to sliding inside of her. There was no resistance as I went deep inside her. She took every inch she could, moaning as she did. Unlike Chuck's girlfriend, though, she didn't stop after I was all in. She started moving right away, sliding me in and out of her with vigor. Her passion made me completely forget about the scene in front of me as I reached around and grabbed her breasts. My hands and fingers danced along her nipples as she continued to work my cock with her pussy. Soon, her moans echoed through my room as her wetness dripped onto my sheets. With each thrust, I could feel her tighten, getting close to her own orgasm. Not wanting to miss out, I pushed back when she pushed down, bringing her closer even faster. As soon her body tightened on mine, I willed myself to cum with her. Our bodies buckled against each other as I our orgasms took us. My cum filled her up quickly until it spilled out around my cock as we moved. 
