 Trying hard to not look disgusted I get off the plane, this airport is full of business travelers who have not actually showered recently. Wishing they had let me learn more French I make my way through the airport to my luggage. My one bag in hand I move on to the admittance to France, slightly nervous they had only handed me the new passport when I was boarding the plane.

As it turns out I am nervous for no reason, the lady standing behind the counter only glances at my passport. After asking why I am in France and if I had brought any fruits or vegetables she waves me on. A rather handsome young man helps me get a taxi slightly disappointed when he does not ask to share I tell the driver which hotel. On the drive I have him teach me more French, it is only a half hour drive so there isn't much I can learn. Glad for knowing that little bit more I leave him a tip before going into the very nice hotel.

I have to look around at everything as I move to the front desk the carpet is a lush dark blue. The walls are very ornate with golden wall sconces and very nice paintings. The man behind the front desk smiles at me as I get to him, after signing in I hand over my one bag to a bellhop, she is really quite short, perhaps four foot ten. She leads me to the elevator, on the way up I ask about good clubs in the area. She tells me about four, and a fifth to not visit, my interest peeked I file that one away to look up later.

Alone in my room I go through my luggage to make sure I got everything. Replacement location transmitter ring just in case, belt with a detachable tracker in case I find a need to hunt over long distances. Eight different outfits of varying levels of not much covered along with matching shoes and several boxes of a very strong mint. It had taken a while but finally we found a strong enough mint to kill the taste of that drug. I pick out suitable attire for tonight, I am going dancing.

I slip into the almost not there silver dress with no back and almost no front with a mini skirt almost to short to be called a skirt. I check the cell phone in my purse, it has enough of a charge and the club I want searched for. Since it is too early to go to a club I head downstairs to the hotel bar, it is almost deserted so I get to spend a little while learning French from the bartender and sampling beers. I do mean sampling he gives me shot glasses of each kind of beer they have.

Finally he starts mixing beer drinks for me, and we find a winner, the Juicy Guinness Premier. He is smiling big when I give him a kiss and a big tip. I have the doorman get me a taxi he gives me a strange look when I tell him where I want to go.

"Ach lass you dinnae wanna go there. It is known as a refuge of the underworld."

"I like danger, please take me there."

I settle back as he drives me to the club, I wonder for a brief moment why an obviously Irish man is driving a taxi in Paris. The club looks really quite nice on the outside. Inside is packed with men and women, the men mostly look around with disinterested expressions. Some are actually carrying a gun, most however are only taking on a false attitude. I settle at the bar next to a man carrying the drug, somehow managing to not gloat over my fast find I order my newly found beer drink I can stand.

"So twenty one last month belated happy birthday to you," the man next to me says, his voice is quite nice with the trace accent of a Russian.

"Oh thank you, my last year of college and I got burned out. I'm taking a year off seeing the world, figured why not start in beautiful Paris and learn the language." Interpol had told me go with something easy this being one of the easier ones for me I did go to college to be an archeologist.

"That is a great idea. So what are you going to be when you finish college?" He is smiling at me now fully turned to look at me.

"Archeologist, before you say like Indiana Jones he only has a passing resemblance."

"I was not going to say that, though I suppose you heard it a lot. Would you like to dance with me?"

I smile back at him then down most of my remaining drink fast, feigning a little tipsiness I move with him to the dance floor. He isn't a terribly good dancer, though I do my best to smile at him and move along with him like he is really good and turning me on. He does turn me on when he moves in close and puts his hands to my butt I can feel his cock pressing into me a little.

I let him seduce me for a while it is really nice to be complemented by a stranger. We dance to several songs twice in between he plies me with my beer drink along with a scotch and whisky chaser. After getting my third beer I take a sip then go to the bathroom making an effort to walk badly and get a little lost. When I come back he has put the drug in my beer, I take a few long sips then put a mint in my mouth.

"So you can kiss me without tasting all the beer I've drunk. I think I'm drunk enough to not remember this in the morning, care to help me risk pregnancy?" I ask slurring my words then downing my beer when he smiles at me.

Moving the mint around in my mouth to get rid of the drug taste there as he helps me walk out of the club and hail a taxi. It takes a while to get one I feign being really tired and hand over the hotel room card to him. I listen in as he tells the driver to take us to the right hotel I almost ask if he is part of the slave ring. So far he doesn't seem to be he's taking me back to my hotel, I close my eyes with a sigh.

It is really hard to play at being passed out, especially when the guy you are playing it to is a little on the clumsy side. He bangs my head into the door of the hotel on the way through, though it goes a lot better to the elevator. I get dropped on the bed then he goes to the phone, I am very glad he speaks in Russian over the phone. As it turns out he is part of a slave ring, he is calling for a pick up of me and asking if he can sample the unprotected wares.

I assume he got a yes since he walks over to me pulls my panties to the side and fingers me. I am tempted to go furry and start getting answers out of this one, though he has a certain zest in his fingering. I decide best to just lie here and get fucked so I can see where they will take me. His fingers have me ready quite easily his zest hides a real skill, I can't help but moan here and there as his fingers probe my depths. When he climbs on top of me I find it is rather nice to pretend like there is nothing I can do.

I moan again when he slides his cock into my eager depths, he's not overly long or thick, about average perhaps a little thinner. The letting him have his way however is making me quite eager. I reach orgasm moments after he starts moving on me, he is smiling down at me the whole time his cock plunges in and out of my supposedly helpless and at risk pussy. I reach another orgasm when he groans out his pleasure and floods me with his fluids.

He stays on top of me moving a little like he wants to get it hard and fuck me again. He is interrupted by a knock on the door, as he gets up and fixes his pants I file away the notion of doing something like this with Tony, perhaps handcuffs or well something. Two guys come into the room with the one that had just fucked me one is trailing a maid cart. They go through the room picking up everything that is not obviously hotel, even some of that goes onto the cart.

They pick me up and stuff me inside of the empty maid cart I go in where the toilet paper and towels would be. My suitcase and purse get stuffed in with me which is a stroke of luck really, I can signal that I've been picked up. Interpol had been very eager to be helpful and provide ways of letting me contact them. One of the better was simply turning my phone off and on, after they managed to mute that part of it. For some odd reason the phone they had given me would not mute off and on, finally they found an app that did that.

Wondering if Interpol will send the police now or later I ride in the cart down the service elevator with no music. Judging by the smells and sounds we get off in the kitchen, I have to pull out the cell phone for this, they are paying one of the kitchen staff. I send a message to Interpol as the cart is rolled through the kitchen then outside to a waiting van. The whole cart is loaded into the van then tied into place the drive is a little bumpy.

I spend the time in the van telling Interpol what we are passing bakeries and candy shops are really quite easy to pick out, along with two bars, three clothing shops and a salon. I have to stop when we enter a factory zone, to many places we could stop here. We do stop outside of a brewery the cart is unloaded from the van then rolled inside the brewery.

I hear voices speaking Russian they are having a conversation about me. It is decided I would make a great whore after being broken in, then they open up the cart and pull me out. I am contemplating staying still so they can fuck me on top of the boxes they put me until they rip the silver dress I am wearing off me. Mad now, I wanted to keep this one I kick the one working my shoes off breaking his nose and dropping him like a rock.

Hopping up on the flat boxes I rip the dress off the rest of the way and go feral. The one that had drugged me stammers out an exclamation of fucking Jaguar, I kick him a little harder than I need snapping his neck. Dropping down from the boxes I punch the last of the men that had driven me here then chase after the new man. Not sure why he had run in the first place I catch him in a moment then drag him back to the cart to get my ringing phone.

"Jaguar the police are on the way there now be about ten minutes they had to get their chief up."

"That should be enough time to get all of the information I need out of this one. Had a fatality I guess the drugs affect me a little more than I thought, or perhaps he was going to reveal something he shouldn't have." I say holding out a clawed hand over the last conscious man.

"I'll tell you everything just please don't do to me what you did in Mexico." His English is really quite good if laden with fear.

Interpol listens in as he details all of the places to find the slaves still in France. He names a few people in charge of other areas including his own boss here in France. The kicker though is when he names the guy in charge of everything I can hear the Interpol agents cheering. The French police arrive with some paramedics, after a little discussion the very helpful man is given a sedative then loaded into a body bag.

With the help of an onsite Interpol agent we come up with a good story of what happened here. A crack team of agents let one of their own get drugged and follow her to here and nab these people with two fatalities. When it occurs to me I listen on my phone, the agent on the other end is still there.

"Hey listen can I get a replacement of that silver dress, they ripped it off me before I got up. I really liked it and wanted to keep the darn thing for my husband to enjoy me in."

"Don't worry, that was a knock off anyway we got the designer dress here for you to take home. Jaguar this might be a little much for you, but could you go and arrest that man? He's in Russia we know where he lives we have been wanting to get him for years but can never connect him to anything major."

"Let me guess, big house and yard with a lot of security."

"Yes, we have been keeping an eye on him he has approximately one hundred security guards all military trained."

"You are forgetting something he is a normal person I can't nab him and run. I can't take out his guards because he probably has an escape, helicopters are especially bad, go high enough and I can't track. Though if he say leaves the house I can get him, what time is it there?"

"It's four in the morning in Moscow."

"I'm going to head over to Berlin, see if I can find a few items to buy in the sex shops then head to Moscow. If possible have an Interpol agent waiting for me in the first rest stop outside Moscow on the highway from Berlin. Let's say two hours so I can have time to ask some questions and pick up a nice meal."

I don't actually get to leave right away the police chief has some questions for me. I answer his few questions with the aid of the Interpol agent, the chief doesn't speak English and my French is barely even started. After some pondering on the matter I decide to put the belt on and clip the cell phone to it. Luggage in hand I slip out the back of the brewery on my way to Berlin. 

The run there is a little harder than I would like, there is traffic even at this late hour. I run along about a half mile away from the highway thankful there are not that many creatures living in holes here. My cell phone is rather helpful on finding sex shops in Berlin, there are a large number open all night. I find this out at the outskirts while I get dressed. Finding one actually near to me I jog to it, course my jog is faster than a world class sprinter. It doesn't take long to reach the shop it was only four miles, inside I am very happy to find a clerk that speaks English.

"Hi I'm hoping you can help me, I found I enjoy letting the man make all the decisions during sex. I am hoping you have an idea on ways to help with that besides just not moving."

"Oh yes we have large stock of what you want." She says with a big smile as she leads me to the wall covered in all sorts of things.

I have to giggle at a lot of the things here some are just weird some are downright demented. With her help I manage to pick out a lot of things including a collar, I have to laugh when she calls it a dog collar. She laughs when I ask if she has a cat collar then shows me more feminine collars, along with an assortment of chokers. One of the chokers I fall in love with, it is lace and silk, purple silk with white lace. I leave the store wearing that, the rest of my items stashed in the luggage.

Finding a place to eat takes longer, mostly because the closest is another fifteen miles and there is traffic and people walking starting a mile away from the sex shop. When I get there I am not disappointed at least, the sausages are wonderful. I get a lot of odd looks when I stow my purse and shoes in my bag. I am going to take the path of least traffic and really move I only have another fifteen minutes before I am supposed to be at that rest stop outside Moscow. Said path luckily is easy to find, there is an industrial district very near the place I stopped to eat.

I can't run yet, there is a trio of people at the fence of the first building, two men and a woman. The woman is bent over her hands resting on the fence while one man is behind her fucking away happily. As I get closer the second man comes over to me speaking in German takes my arm and leads me to where the woman is being fucked.

"I'm sorry I don't speak German."

"He wants you to bend over and let him have his fun." The woman says looking over at me with a smile.

The man is rather insistent not to mention this is another way of trying out the letting the guy make the decisions. I put my bag next to me and bend over undoing my top I'll have to take it off shortly anyway. With a triumphant crow he pulls my panties off and pulls my skirt a little higher. He puts his finger in me getting a moan from me and a laugh from him. I am already ready to be fucked though he moves his finger around in me a little while just to be sure.

He makes another triumphant crow when he shoves his cock in me I have to groan at this he's not thin. Luckily my body recovers very quickly from everything I am enjoying him when he starts to move. He puts his hands to my breasts pinching my nipples and pulling me back to meet him. I move where his hands direct me thoroughly enjoying his cock in me. I reach orgasm after orgasm with this thick cock shoving in and out of me.

While he is groaning out his orgasm and flooding my body with his fluids my phone starts to ring. I groan not really wanting to answer it at the moment then look at the caller name. It is a man's name not Interpol, confused now I hadn't known this number was listed anywhere I answer. He speaks to me in Russian, he is the agent I am to meet in Moscow he is running a little late and will be there in another five minutes.

I assure him it is no problem, sighing when my new friend pulls out of me. They talk amongst themselves for a moment then walk away waving to me I wave back then turn to collect my luggage to find a small pile of bills resting atop it. Confused I collect the money and put it in the pocket of my top before picking up the luggage and continuing on. Around the corner I find there is indeed no one there so I strip out of my clothes collect the belt put that on and clip the cell phone to it.

Deciding to throw caution to the wind I clutch the bag to my chest and full out run on the streets. Coming to the highway I need to take to reach Moscow I speed up, it is a fairly straight road with signs in German and Russian. I slow down at the border simply to wave to the border guards. They wave back and off I go again happy with the decision of the world courts.

There was less of a row about my Mexico adventure than you would expect, even Mexico was thankful. Africa put up a small row but only because I wasn't going there to bring peace to the region. I had to explain it to them, I uphold the laws I don't do politics and their warlords and constant uprisings are political. None of the stable governments of Africa ask me to come except Egypt and South Africa. I have to turn down South Africa explaining tribal customs are laws so I will not be able to assist them with their problems.

Egypt is another matter they are upset over archeologists disturbing their dead. I have to remind them I am an archeologist they get quiet everyone assumes the matter ends there until Egypt again asks if I will come. They explain they do not mind me exploring as long as I honor their dead and do it with their teams. I promise I will think on it, the decision comes down that while I am furry I need honor no borders. There is a small row when Switzerland of all countries asks if I will use the appointed crossing zones. I promise to use them unless discretion is needed ending the row and getting a unanimous yes vote.

I have to stop at two rest areas the first outside Moscow is barely outside Moscow something I had not counted on. I have to contend with a horrible smell for a few minutes, there is a factory next to this rest area. The agent I have been waiting for arrives in a very small car he is gracious about my giggling at it.

"If you please my English could use practice. We have a new development Interpol woke a judge up and got a writ for his arrest while you were in Germany. I will over see a group of Russian soldiers while we serve this writ. You will have the task of making sure he does not escape, he has a helicopter behind his house."

"I will need assistance of some sort to destroy a helicopter. First though I have a question, I came upon two men and a woman having sex, well one man and a woman with one man watching. The watcher had me bend over and let him do me, the question arises in after the sex they left me money."

"Here let us get in and drive I will answer your questions on the way."

We get into the car, the engine is really tinny sounding but we manage to get under speed relatively quickly. I have to look around after the factories and warehouses a relatively thin cluster of them we reach Moscow proper, the houses at first are new and nice looking then we reach the older section of apartment buildings all in drab brown. He spends the first part of our drive on the phone he hangs up finally when we reach red square. I am awestruck at the buildings here, they are all grand and beautiful it takes him a couple tries to get me to pay attention to him and not the buildings.
