 Running on the interstate at about the same speed as the traffic the size of it is always amazing to me, I wonder why exactly I was called out there. Yes it was unusual, but family squabbles are not really anything I should be called on to solve. Reaching the overpass I scoot across the highway and drop down onto the landing pad they had been gracious enough to put on the building there for me to use. After dropping onto the sidewalk and saying hello to the people who had stopped at the Jaguar crossing sign, I move off to get to heaven and a hamburger.

I had laughed at the notion of putting one in I generally move much to fast to be a bother to traffic. It was deemed necessary since I do use the interstate often and dropped down in front of baby walkers twice. The fact that neither was in any danger from me, and I always know when people are there didn't seem to matter. So they put a sensor on my landing pads, there are six in all and hooked up neon signs to them that warn of Jaguar presence.

I have already called in a going silent to central, I want some burger and fries and not to be interrupted, when my cell phone goes off. Pulling it up wondering on how exactly the company Frank contacted had known I would want one I answer it already knowing its Tony. I admit it I'm a happily married woman Tony has a special ring tone. I slow down and simply walk knowing he has a special something in mind before I eat.

"So guess who has a special present for you. I'm in a nice quiet area with the light on let's say for the next five seconds."

I squeak and hang up, five seconds means important, usually he will say ten seconds if his special present is in his pants. Cheating on him was probably the best thing I ever did, not to say it was exactly what I had in mind. Ever since I arrived back in Detroit with the bondage gear he has researched and read up on bondage and submission. We both decided to not do the Japanese rope work, it takes a long while to do and we never have all that long. We did order some of the rope work for idiot stuff, like my choker it is simple clips holding it together.

I have to pause for a moment, I lost the light on his car when I find it again I toss caution to the wind and invade back yards and even a few roofs to cut through the streets faster. Hoping he has found a new scene to try or perhaps rethought the stock, that one holds a special appeal to me I find Tony. He is not sitting in his car getting ready to move like he normally is instead he is leaning against the front of the car.

"One of these days I should tell you half a second, though I suppose you could still make it." He says giving me a hug as I move up to him.

"Not likely, Detroit doesn't have terribly long straight streets I have to slow to take turns. Now if you are in Atlanta I might be able, depends on the traffic."

"Hmmm, would give me an excuse for spanking. I won't I know you don't like that. Take a look at your present."

I gasp when Tony holds up a choker, unlike my purple silk and white lace one this is the old style tie it up yourself choker. It is a dark purple silk with lighter purple lace sewn over it. What really draws my attention though, there is a pendant of white with a purple border of a jaguar. Tony moves around behind me and ties it to me, a little tight just the way I like them.

"Try to not get it destroyed, do not worry if it happens however I have another ten and the designer has sworn he kept the mold if we run out."

"It's beautiful I just hope it didn't cost you a lot." I have tears in my eyes, it is just so beautiful and thoughtful.

"It cost Frank, or rather the fund the government has set aside for the brigade. It really was not all that much, the artist is new and dove at the chance of doing something sure to be noticed by the world. I think all we did was pay for the supplies. I think in gratitude you should take the position." Tony is whispering into my ears, which for me is like talking loud five feet apart.

I assume the position happy my new choker is only slightly loose when I lose my fur. Tony moves up behind me, spreads my legs a little farther then slides a finger in me. I moan when he puts the finger in me, he moves it around in me asking if I am going to be a good girl and let him do what he wants. I assure him I am a very good girl then moan when he shoves his cock in me.

Tony is moving behind me immediately, his cock surging and receding at a very fast pace. Our outside sex is always fast to satisfy him, not to say I am not enjoying every second of his cock inside of me. We take it slow and teasing in bed after the sun comes up, tires me right out since I reach orgasm after orgasm. I moan when his hands come to my breasts, his fingers pinching and pulling at my nipples. I reach an orgasm moaning his name as he pulls me back tighter to him and really shoves at me.

My hips are moving with his eager to give him the pleasure he has given me. My insides gripping at him trying to milk him into me, I have a second orgasm creeping up on me when his motions falter. I moan out encouragement as I keep moving on him eager to have his fluids in me. I reach my orgasm when Tony reaches his, him pulling me back to him and unleashing the hot fluids sets off my own orgasm my toes curl even.

Tony leaves me bent over the car purring happily as he pulls his pants back up then opens the door of the car. He comes back and walks me around the door then gets me into the car. I curl up on the seat as he shuts the door behind me then walks around to the driver door. I move up into his lap still purring resting my head over what had just given me pleasure. I jump when Frank gets over the radio asking where I am, Tony chuckles then starts the car.

Still purring and really quite happy besides the wonderful sex I go feral then go into the glove box for the gloves. Tony calls me spoiled as I put my head back in his lap, he still scratches my ears. I don't want to get up when we reach heaven, I was just given an incredible present, had spectacular sex and got my ears scratched, moving is the absolute last thing I want. Tony turns the engine off then gets up out of the car, I groan and follow him.

"Ah Jaguar you are late, we were starting to think we would be leaving you a care bag again." Mikael says as we get closer to him and Frank sitting at a table.

"I had to collect a present, such a wonderful present it brings tears to my eyes. I am in the mood for hamburgers, say two and a generous amount of fries." I say showing off my choker before sitting with Frank.

"Just a burger for me," Frank says reaching over and scratching my ears.

I'm not sure what Tony orders, all of my attention is on those lovely fingers scratching at my ears. Tony sits next to me and scratches at the ear Frank is not scratching. I sit up straight and move my head around letting them scratch away, I think they have a conversation. The next thing I am sure of is they have stopped scratching and I have hamburgers in front of me.

"I gotta ask, did you really complain about having to take your other choker off every night?" Frank asks before biting into his hamburger.

"Yes I did, I'm an owned kitty and it's important to me. I know it sounds silly, I even think it sounds silly but I'm his. I'd even stop being Jaguar if he told me to, probably not for that long but I would try."

"I wouldn't do that, not like you can be hurt anyway. Besides if I did I'd have to find a job as a cop again, even back in L.A. I would be a beat cop for a year or two. Pay is shit for a married dad with a wife who eats twice as much as he does." Tony pokes me as he talks.

"Tony I would not eat that much if I wasn't always running everywhere and beating up bad guys. If I was just a house cat I probably would eat less than you do, how you stay thin is beyond me with your eating habits." I poke him right back darn him and his teasing on my eating.

"I swear it's like watching video of me and Wilma at your age, though we were teasing about things besides eating, smoking was the subject then." Frank says laughing around his hamburger.

"I never knew you smoked, my dad smoked, he had a pipe course that was long before we knew it causes problems. Say Frank, why are you up at this hour?"

"I needed to ask on the choker, the oversight committee had asked for clarification. I'm also wondering what we are having this evening at the barbeque, Sally said you swore her to secrecy."

"New sausage for the dogs, real sausage this time not hot dogs with extra added. I do wish it had not taken so long, but well with an allergy to contend with we had to special order. The company swears they will carry the sausage without rye for us, it's apparently a semi common illness."

"We could have gotten sausage sooner if she had ordered the curved sausage, I don't know why they only carried one straight style. I think they are going to carry all styles in straight sausage to be used for hot dogs now, they asked for a picture of Jaguar holding the package." Tony adds in giving me a hug.

"Well now that I feel like a five year old on Christmas Eve, did Marie tell you what her big surprise is?" Frank is looking rather excited we have been trying to find good hot dogs, at least hot dogs that are not overshadowed by my chili cheese.

"She has only said she has a surprise, I think she found a steady date. I suppose it is time to go back on duty for a couple more hours." I turn my radio on to find nothing, no problems, not even central calling out.

"It's a quiet night, go on home the regular cops can handle the rest of the night. You take you time so rarely the higher ups are worried you are going to blow your top. I'm talking nations expressing their concern not just the oversight."

"Frank that is silly I take Tony time every night, I play games with Melanie during the day. Fighting crime is easier for me I don't worry about making it home at the end of the day."

"You are right though there is the matter of that dealer house two nights ago. Two survivors out of eight is a little excessive, the higher ups would just feel better if you took more Tony time as you put it."

"I only clawed one, I did not know shotguns could go full auto like that and I needed a new radio and cell phone after I was a little annoyed." I say with a sigh, the families of the boys he had killed thanked me for killing him.

"New belt as well I know, there is fear you are building up to another Mexico, this time with more dead. Go on home have more Tony time, make sure Sally hasn't messed up the chili."

Tony takes my arm and leads me to the car before I can argue with Frank over this more. There are no clothes for me in the car Tony has me lose the fur anyway, he spends the drive home idly playing with my nipples. For my part I am curled up in his lap purring a little. When we reach home he doesn't get out yet, simply sits there playing with my nipples still.

"To be honest I'm a little worried myself, you seem oddly eager to let me do what I want. Well even more than you would when we first met I always figured it was because of when you grew up."

"In part, honestly dear I like letting you decide what we do, to me and in general. It has a certain ego boost to it, mostly though it makes me feel good, I guess I'm selfish." I sit up and give him a kiss then look around, nobody is on the street.

"Let's go in quietly, I think everyone is asleep and check on the chili."

I follow Tony out of the car and into the house Anna is asleep on the sofa. I go into the kitchen to check on my chili it looks wonderful and smells better bubbling a little under the lid. I pass Tony who is fiddling with his cell phone on the way to our bedroom I need to charge my phone and radio. When I open the door I find Sally sprawled over the bed with the alarm set. I plug my radio and phone in then go sit on the bed next to Sally and tickle her until she rolls over and hits me.

"I wish you had let me sleep, I haven't been doing so well at it tonight."

"Sorry, your dad sent me home early and Tony is probably going to be needing me in the bed shortly. I also wanted to show off my new choker, it's just so incredible." I reach over and turn the light on Sally sits up rubbing at her eyes.

"It's gorgeous, and you aren't wearing anything else. If I did not know better I would think Marie is rubbing off on you."

"No definitely not turning lesbian, I can't kiss Tony after he goes down on me until he wipes his face off and takes a drink."

"Hey stop bothering Sally I got something in the basement for you." Tony says coming into the bedroom.

He takes my arm waving to Sally who is giggling now he refuses to say what it is. Instead I get lead to the door to the basement and down to jump up and down and squeal in excitement. He bought me the stock I had been asking him for it for a week now we found it doing the searches on things to buy to add to our collection. I was very excited about it, I couldn't move in it unlike our regular stuff that is Velcro or buttons. Tony had been unsure though I had kept talking about it and even found a video of a woman in a stock.

We both go and look it over the wood is a gorgeously dyed oak with a metal stand. The metal is bolted to the floor with a kick release that I can reach with a little twisting while in the stock. The holes are padded with purple velvet and rather small looking. Tony first uses the kickstand to be sure it works I'm smiling when it unlocks the stock. Then we check if my wrists are too big, they fit perfectly well I can move a little but not enough to get free.

Tony unlocks the stock by hand opens it up and we check if my neck fits comfortably. I am getting excited now everything is perfect my butt is dancing around a little wanting to be fucked. Tony chuckles then has me use the kick release, I jump when it pushes into my neck then props up a little so I can get a hand free to open it the rest of the way.

"I'd ask if you like it, except I'm pretty sure that was excitement making you dance around."

"Very much so put me back in it please, I want to break it in right now."

"Hmmm, I don't think you're supposed to make demands. Question first, do you hear a car coming?"

"Sorry I'm excited and forgot my place. Yes I hear two coming from different directions. One is Darryl I think I hope he isn't wanting to use the computer."

Tony chuckles then puts me back in the stock, he tells me stay here making me giggle. I look up at him when he puts sound dampeners on me he just smiles at me and leaves. I squeak in surprise when hands fall on my hips, I squeak again when Tony moves around in front of me. My eyes widen in shock when I am entered, Tony is in front of me. He pulls the sound dampeners off me assuring me it is alright and to enjoy it, which I am doing whoever this cock belongs to knows what they are doing.

The hands on my hips are moving me around so he is entering me at different angles. I am moaning it feels so incredibly good as this cock moves in and out of me. I can feel an orgasm creeping up on me fast as can be. I moan louder when Tony opens his pants up letting me see his hard cock before he puts it in my mouth. I tremble in my orgasm with a cock in my mouth and one in my pussy, I am moaning on Tony's cock.

He puts his hands on my head and fucks me just like the guy behind me is doing. I don't even know how many orgasms I reach before the guy in my pussy groans and floods me with his fluids. Tony pulls out of my mouth and goes behind me, I moan when he enters me. I find this feels different, all of that hot fluid in me with a hard cock it is actually a little hard to know where the cock ends and the fluids begin. Tony fucks me for a little while I reach another orgasm impaled on his cock before he groans out his release of hot fluids in me.

I move to unlock the stock when Tony sits in front of me on a chair, at least until he tells me to stay put. I squeak in surprise when hands are placed on my hips again, I am not entered this time instead a tongue probes at me. This tongue explores my folds seeking out the fluids left in me I can't help but moan it feels good. I reach two orgasms before the tongue withdraws from me I had long since emptied most of what was in me from the men.

"You know I had wondered why so many straight women liked giving blowjobs I think I get it now that tasted pretty darn good." Marie says walking past the stock so I can see her.

"You were good at that but please don't expect me to return the favor. I'm not feeling quite right that you did that to me. Wait, who was the other guy?"

"I was pressured into it, not my idea though I admit it didn't take much pressuring." Darryl says from the computer I think I can't see that far over.

"Darryl I thought you were seeing Melody."

"I am, her period started today and I did ask don't worry. She was fine with it since your married and quite attached to Tony."

Tony gets up and unlocks the stock, I stretch once I am free of it being bent over like that does strange things to your back. He picks me up and sits down on the chair again so I am in his lap. I give him a kiss and hold on to him purring a little.

"You didn't like it that much?" Tony asks looking down at me a worried expression on his face.

"I loved it, Darryl and you were incredible and I admit Marie is really good at eating pussy. I'm just weirded out that a woman licked me. Marie this isn't your big surprise for the barbeque is it?" I say looking up at Tony then Marie.

"No this was a present to Tony as it were his fantasy was to see you with another woman. I admit I was eager to do it for him since it was with you I know you don't go that way of course so I'm not expecting a return. I'm rather hoping I can come back for the stock visits though, you taste really good."

"I suppose it is up to him, I really should kick his butt for having you come over and eat me. At this point, I just want to go to bed."

Tony carries me upstairs we find Anna, Derek and Sally sitting on the sofa. Derek and Sally look at me then Marie as she comes up, Sally turns to Derek and demands the money. Tony carries me into our bedroom puts me under the covers then climbs in behind me. This is a good Sunday, it is quiet there are no calls for mommy to come play. I just get to lie there dozing the morning away, I do get up at almost three Frank and Wilma are here.

I get up to get dressed cursing when I realize I'm still wearing the Jaguar choker. I wake Tony up to get it off me then put my regular choker on, before going to get dressed I hit Tony in the shoulder for laughing. I go through what I have finally pulling out the silver dress with almost nothing covered. I get a whistle from Tony as I put it on I give him a kiss then put my shoes on.

"Oh there you are, I figured you two were gonna get busy before coming out." Wilma says with a hug for me after I come out of our bedroom, I caught her on the way to the bathroom.

"Got a lot of that this morning, he bought the stock and we broke it in last night. He had help on breaking me and the stock in it was lovely." I can't help but smile at the memory, Marie aside it was a perfect morning.

"Yes I heard about it from Sally, I'm tempted to take Frank into your basement later and give it a whirl."

"It's specially sized for me so you may not fit well, though I don't mind if you do. I don't think I will be put in it again for a day or two."

Tony comes out of our room takes my arm and walks me into the kitchen. Sally and Melody are already there, Sally is stirring up the ambrosia I made yesterday Melody is getting the potato salad mixed together.

"It is nice to have a couple assistants." I say as I pass them to get the hamburger out to mix with spices and make patties.

"I'm just happy to be helping, Anna wasn't to keen on me last Sunday." Melody says smiling then giggling when Sally pokes her.
