 Ember checked the contents of her camera bag and turned to face her twin. They were identical except for their hair; Ember's was flaming red, Musette's a golden blonde. "I'll have my cell phone and my satellite phone with me. I'll call if I need help, but I'm just going to hike into the park, shoot the sunrise, hang out for the day, and shoot the sunset. I'll be home tonight like I promised."

Musette was not convinced. "I just have a feeling something terrible is going to happen. Can't you wait until someone can go with you? I could go with you tomorrow."

Ember added her the camera bag to her backpack and zipped it. "There's a storm coming in tomorrow that could last for days, and there's nothing but bad weather forecast for the next few weeks after that. This is my last chance to get the shots I want for the show next week. You know Viktoria needs time to get her side of the show done. It's not fair to make her rush."

Musette's usual immaculate styling was absent—her green eyes were red-rimmed and puffy and her hair was in a bun that looked like it had exploded, with strands of her hair sticking out in all directions. She paced the floor of Ember's bedroom, fidgeting with a loose string on her pajama top. "Don't you already have enough pictures for the show?" 

Ember slung her backpack to the floor. "We don't have these last shots."

"Call me when you arrive. And after sunrise, every hour during the day, at sunset, and when you're on your way home."

Ember frowned. Her sister worried more than anyone else she knew, but this was going to extremes even for her. "What's got you so spooked? You've had your 'sixth sense' feelings before and we've always been fine."

Musette sighed. "I don't know. It just feels different this time."

"Okay, let's go through it. How do you feel about me leaving the house today?"

Musette's eyes went distant as she concentrated. "That part is okay."

"Driving to the park?"

"Still okay."

"At the park?"

Musette shuddered. "The park feels...sinister."

Ember smiled. "You've been to the park with me before. The most sinister thing we've ever seen there is a squirrel trying to steal our snacks."

Musette flopped onto Ember's bed. "I know it seems ridiculous. I just can't shake the feeling something is wrong."

"How do you feel about me staying home?"

Musette frowned. "Home doesn't feel right either."

"If home isn't any better maybe I should be worried about you." Ember sat next to her. "I promise I'll be extra careful today, and I'll call you so often you get sick of hearing my voice, okay?"

Musette sat up and hugged Ember. "I'm sorry I'm being so weird about this."

"It's all right. I'll be fine. You'll see." Ember hugged her sister back. "Three in the morning is far too early for you to be awake. Back to your bed with you."

"But this bed is so much closer." Musette yawned, curled into a ball, and pulled Ember's bedspread over her head.

Ember hefted her backpack and camera equipment to her shoulders and locked the house on her way out to her jeep. She shivered in the cold morning air and gazed into the clear sky. She hoped the storm would behave as the weatherman said and wait until tomorrow before snow blanketed the entire area. In her jeep she turned the heater on full blast and waited for the temperature inside to reach something higher than Antarctic winter.

Across the street a car door slammed. A tall man with white-blond hair stood by an SUV and his eyes bored into her as she drove by him. The shiver that ran through her this time had nothing to do with temperature.

Ember kept an eye on her rear-view mirror and saw the man approach a house. She released a relieved breath when no headlights appeared behind her, and realized she was letting her sister's freak-out affect her. Shaking it off, she concentrated on the road. 

The drive to the park took two hours and was uneventful. She parked in the visitor's lot, paid the entrance fee into a lock box mounted on the ranger's station, and tightened the straps of her backpack and camera bags around her body. She phoned Musette but got no answer. She wasn't surprised. Musette was not a morning person. She left a message that she had arrived and hung up.

She'd been to this park many times and knew the hiking trails so well she could almost hike them in the dark. The moon was still bright in the sky so she elected to leave her small flashlight off and enjoy the darkness. 

At the fast pace she kept, it took her less than an hour to reach the outlook—a narrow spit of land that jutted out over the valley and river below, almost at the top of the mountain. As long as you weren't afraid of heights, and maybe tumbling to your death, it was the most perfect view of the park. It arched out reaching towards the other side of the gorge, but the span from the other side had long since crumbled away. She set up her tripod and cameras, poured some hot chocolate from a thermos, and snuggled into her sleeping bag to wait for the sun. 

She called Musette again but got no answer. Most people were either morning birds or night owls. Ember liked to think of herself as both, and found just as much beauty in a sunrise as she did a sunset. She didn't mind the dark or the moon, but the daily greeting and farewell of the sun spoke to her on a primal level. Musette was definitely a night owl. It was still early, so Ember wasn't too worried her sister wasn't answering her phone. 

When the sky began to brighten she rose and turned her attention to her camera equipment, making last minute adjustments and framing the exact views she wanted to photograph.

Ember knew it the moment she got the perfect shot. She debated packing everything up and heading home. Her sister often got feelings and they joked about her having a sixth sense. It was accurate to some degree, though not infallible. They joked that if Musette ever got a feeling about lottery numbers they'd buy a ticket, but not expect to win. 

Ember enjoyed being outdoors and away from the city. Other than the freedom her work as a photographer allowed, her favorite part of the job was going to remote places where she could feel like the only person in the world. 

Electing to stay, she crawled back into her sleeping bag to keep warm, leaned against a boulder and watched the world wake up around her. She phoned Musette as promised, but her sister never answered her phone. 

When her phone call at noon went unanswered Ember began to worry. Musette could sleep like the dead and often missed phone calls, but she should be awake by now. Ember wondered if her sister's feeling that she shouldn't come to the park had been because something was going to happen to Musette at home. As far as she knew Musette had never had a feeling related to herself before, but maybe she had this time.

Ember left a message, demanding Musette call her back when she got it and threatening to stop checking in all together if she didn't. Worried now, she packed up everything except for one of her cameras, ready to leave if she didn't hear back from her sister before she was due to check in again in an hour.

To distract herself she turned her attention to the other side of the valley. Eagles soared in thermals in the afternoons, and sometimes she saw wolves. She'd tried to photograph the wolves a few times, but they were camera shy. It was eerie the way they seemed to sense when she had them in her viewfinder, and when they caught her looking at them they often stared back at her before slipping away. She raised her camera. It had a long lens on it and she was able to make out figures on the other side of the valley. 

A scrawny, golden wolf that looked like it had been in a fight was in an all out sprint across the forest, racing towards this side of the valley. She'd never seen a wolf, or any signs of wolves, on this side before. The wolf stumbled and righted itself. Sensing her, as they eerily did, the wolf lifted its head and gazed straight at her.

Run! The thought speared its way through Ember's mind. It was fleeting but forceful, and filled with a fear that sent chills through her body. She was sure the thought wasn't hers, but that of the wolf, and she was positive the wolf was female. Did thoughts have gender?

The wolf glanced over her shoulder, and resumed her dash away from her side of the valley.

The whole situation was ludicrous—why would a wolf tell her to run, and how would a wolf of any gender be able to project thoughts into her head? 

In the end, it didn't matter. She now wanted to be far away from this place as fast as she could. That stray thought to run, hers or not, along with Musette's feeling something was sinister about the park today, and the fact that she couldn't get in touch with her sister, all galvanized her into motion. She grabbed her backpack and camera bags, tightening the straps as she went, and sprinted down the trail towards the park entrance.

She was a little more than halfway down the mountain when wolves howled from across the valley. It sounded like an entire pack; so many different howls raised in song Ember couldn't separate or count individual voices, but she knew it meant they were hunting. 

She ran faster. 

Three quarters of the way down the scrawny wolf she'd seen on the other side of the valley burst out of the forest next to her.

Keep running! They're coming!

"Who?" Ember panted, pushing aside the strangeness of answering a wolf that spoke to her in her head.

Wolves. Don't talk. Run!

They ran until the wolf collapsed at the end of the trail.

"Get up," Ember gasped. "We're almost there." She knelt to help the wolf struggle to her feet and her hands came away slick with blood. 

The wolf whined, her body contorted in pain, and she collapsed to the ground again. Her fur receded, her skin stretched and bulged, and her bones cracked and reset themselves as her joints formed shapes unnatural to that of a four-legged creature, and the wolf changed into a woman.

The woman was naked and her injuries stood out in stark contrast against her pale skin. She was emaciated, but even starved and battered, her long, brown hair and golden-colored eyes retained traces of the ethereal beauty she had once been.

Ember gaped, unable to form words and sure she was hallucinating. 

The wolf pack howled again, much closer now.

"Go." The woman's voice was a whisper. "Run."

"Come on!" Ember bent to help the woman to her feet. "My jeep isn't far from here. Just beyond the ranger station. You can make it."

The woman seemed to find a deep reserve of strength and got to her feet. 

Ember pushed her shoulder under the woman's arm and wrapped an arm around her waist. The woman was exhausted and blood loss was taking its toll on her endurance, but they managed an awkward, semi-coordinated stumble towards the jeep. The pace of their progress made Ember want to scream in frustration.

The ranger wasn't in the station when they lurched past. Ember had her keys in her hand and unlocked the jeep, throwing her packs and bags into the back. She opened the passenger side of the jeep and adrenaline gave her the power to lift the woman into the car when she couldn't climb in herself. Ember slammed the door and ran around to the driver's side, opened that door, slid in and keyed the ignition. The door slammed shut as she reversed out of the parking space. 

Wolves burst from the forest as Ember made the turn onto the highway. They were huge, and much faster than a natural wolf, somehow able to keep pace with her jeep as she shifted through gears and built up speed. She took turns in the road faster than was safe, tires skidding. They hit a straight stretch of road and Ember floored the accelerator, leaving the wolves behind. 

The woman next to her groaned in agony and Ember glanced at her. Her body was contorting again, like it was going to rip itself apart. The woman was covered in bruises; some were old and yellow, others were newer and in shades of purple and black. There were bite marks on top of and around the bruises—some human, and some wolf. Long tears in her abdomen had almost stopped bleeding. 

"The road," the woman gasped. 

Ember looked forward and straightened the jeep back into her lane."What the fuck is happening?" 

The woman's body stopped contorting and she slumped into the seat."Sister, don't let them catch you. Run. Flee. Don't stop for anything."

"We got away from the wolves. I'm going to get you to a hospital." Ember forced calm into her voice, to reassure the woman and focus on what she needed to do.

"I'm dying. Can't save me. Still time. Save you." The woman's voice was wheezy and she spoke the words in short bursts. "Had to tell you to run."

Still not sure why wolves were after them, Ember tried to reassure the woman. "We got away from them.We're safe. Don't die," she pleaded. "Tell me how to help you. What's your name?"

The woman's body shook and she made a sound that was half snort, half sob.

Ember thought she was going to shift into a wolf, but realized the woman was laughing. 

"It's been so long since I had a name." But the idea of taking her name back seemed to give her strength, and she sat up straighter, her voice became stronger. "I am Mjesec. You're not safe. Mages are coming for you."

On any other day Ember would have thought a woman saying something like that needed a different sort of hospital than the one she was heading for. "Mages? For me? Why?"

"You have magic. They want it."

"Magic?" Ember laughed. "I don't have magic." There's no such thing were the words on the tip of her tongue, but she couldn't make herself say them. A wolf had spoken to her in her head, and that same wolf had turned into the woman sitting next to her. How else could those things be explained?

"You do. I can feel it in you. The mages will try to take it from you. They sent the wolves to catch you."

Ember caught herself staring at the woman. It looked like the gashes on her abdomen had healed a little, and some of her yellow bruises had faded. How was that possible? Magic. Tearing her eyes away from the woman she glanced out the windshield ahead of them then back at the woman."What are mages?" 

"Men who can use magic but don't have any. They must take it from a witch."

"They think I'm a witch? Even if I was, how could they take my... my magic?"

Mjesec's voice was bitter. "Torture. Rape. Blood. They will find a way to drain you."

Ember's eyes filled with tears. "They did that to you, didn't they?"

Mjesec nodded. "For decades. I have very little magic left, not enough to help myself or hurt them. Too little for them to drain from me. You must run and never come back to this place. The wolves have your scent and will know to look for you now."

"Are the wolves mages?"

"No. The mages toss witches to the wolves when they can't steal our magic anymore. The wolves use us for breeding when the mages are done with us. Witches are better able to give birth to shifters than human women, even without our magic." She paused. "Sometimes they can turn us into shifters, too."

Ember felt sick.

"Sister, you have to run."

"I will. We will. I have to get my sister. My twin."

"Hurry. Magic runs in maternal bloodlines. I only heard them talking about you, but they might know about your sister. You have a kind of magic I've never felt before. Don't let them catch you. Find a protector."

"How do we find a protector?" 

"Summon him and he will find you."

"How do I summon him?"

"Call him to you. He will find you." Mjesec placed her hand on Ember's leg and lapsed into unconsciousness. 

At Mjesec's touch a jolt ran through Ember and something, magic, surged to life in her. She felt as if something heavy had been weighing down her soul her whole life and it had been lifted away with that single touch.

"Mjesec?" Ember wasn't sure the other woman was breathing. "Don't die. Please, wake up!" She took a hand off the wheel and shook the woman, but she was unresponsive. 

"What the fuck is happening?" Ember pulled into a rest stop and parked. Mjesec was taking shallow breaths and her pulse was weak. Her wounds looked a little better, but they were still horrific. Ember dug a blanket out from the back of the jeep and wrapped it around the unconscious woman. There wasn't anything else she could think of to do except get Mjesec to a hospital. She phoned Musette again, but there was no answer. 

She turned the jeep around and headed back for the highway. She'd just turned left when the jeep shuddered and stopped responding. She jerked on the steering wheel and floored the accelerator. The engine revved, but the tires spun uselessly as they lost contact with the road and the jeep floated into the air.

Ember screamed as the jeep lifted off the road and hovered just above the ground. 

Two men, one of them the man with white-blond hair she'd seen in front of her house that morning, got out of an SUV that had pulled to the side of the road ahead of her. The other man had dark hair, but they were both tall and carried an air of menace. As they stalked towards her jeep she reached behind her seat and groped for something she could use as a weapon. Her hand closed around a small tripod. She eyed the doors—they were locked. 

"Mjesec," Ember whisper-shouted as she shook the woman's shoulder. "Mjesec, now would be a good time for you to be awake!"

Mjesec slumped in the seat, but didn't stir.

"Musette," Ember murmured, "next time you have a strange feeling we're leaving the country."

The men split, one going to each side of her jeep. The blond man came to her side and held something against the door. The door lock popped, and he opened the door. 

Ember didn't have a great angle, but she swung the tripod as hard as she could and caught him in the face. He roared in pain and fell away from the door, clutching his nose. 

The passenger door had been opened and the dark-haired man was reaching in for Mjesec. 

Ember swung the tripod again and smashed his hand as he was reaching for Mjesec's seat belt.

He bellowed and jerked his hand away, but lunged at her over Mjesec's body.

Ember hadn't had time to draw her arm back for another swing before he lunged, and her arm was caught between his body and that of Mjesec. Her legs were grabbed and she was twisted in her seat to face the blond man. 

His nose was looked wrong and blood had run down his face to drip into his shirt. There was a click, and her seat belt was released. The blond man yanked on her legs as she was shoved from behind. 

"Stop! Leave us alone!" Ember shouted. She kicked a him, be caught her feet and held them.

The men didn't say anything. The man on the passenger side pulled the Mjesec out of the car and dropped her onto the road. He climbed in the passenger side, stripped he tripod from her hand and shoved her out of the car. 

Ember flailed and kicked but the blond man caught her, took a step to the side and shoved her against the side of her jeep. He pushed his body against hers holding her in place. A fist grabbed her hair at the nape of her neck and wrenched her head back. She opened her mouth to scream but he poured something bitter tasting down her throat. She spluttered and tried to spit it out, but he closed one of his big hands over her mouth and nose, cutting off her air until she swallowed whatever he'd given her.

Ember's entire body relaxed, and she slumped against her captor. Her mind was screaming at her body to do something but there was a disconnect, and she couldn't move.

The man spun her around, lifted her over his shoulder and walked to the SUV. 

Although Ember couldn't move she could still feel it when he took liberties and ran his hand up her leg and over her ass as he walked. 

When they got to the SUV he placed her in a seat in the back and got in beside her. 
