 "Are you all right, boss?" Idris asked.

"What?" Stryx asked, feeling a little dazed. He kept his eyes closed, hoping the flame-haired woman would call him back to her bedroom. He didn't want to be in this office, he wanted to be with his Dragă. His Dragă—the one woman the vampire in him could love with a heart and soul a vampire wasn't supposed to have. 

There hadn't been a Dragă in centuries. Women, yes. A Dragă, no. But he'd felt an immediate pull to her. A primal need to fuck and blood bond her. It had taken a level of control he didn't realize he had to not strip her and drive himself into her over and over, even if it was just a mental connection. 

She was in trouble. He sent his mind out looking for her, but the connection was lost. He had to find her, and when he did, he planned to sate himself in her, body and blood. 

"Boss?" Idris asked, his voice concerned. 

Begrudging her ability to summon him and not being able to summon her in return, Stryx accepted he wasn't able to get back to her at that moment. He burned the image of flaming red hair and green eyes into his mind and opened his eyes. He hated that he'd have to wait for her to find him again. She hadn't even told him her name! He went to the office door, opened it, and bellowed, "Karov! Ciaran!"

Within seconds Karov was in the office. "What?" he asked in his typical indolent manner. His long, black hair was tied back in a ponytail, and his white teeth contrasted against his dark Asian features.

Stryx rattled off the address the woman had given him. "Find out who lives in that house. And there was a black SUV at that address this morning. Find it. It might be traveling along the highway from the national park into the city right now. If it's not there now it was not too long ago. I was told it is heading towards a warehouse in the city. I want to know who owns it, where it is and where it has been. Let me know when you have something."

"On it," Karov said. He snapped off a mock salute and turned to leave, almost bumping into Ciaran, who was coming in answer to Stryx's summons. 

"What's wrong?" Ciaran asked. He was tall and had long, black hair done in tiny braids that reached his waist. His skin was ebony, and matched his eyes.

Stryx repeated the address to Ciaran."I need you to go to that address. You're the only one that can move in the open under the sun. There were mages—"

"Mages!" 

"Mages, or at least men working for mages," Stryx confirmed. "They were outside that address this morning. Karov is finding out what he can but I need you to go to that address. They might still be there. If they are, follow them when they leave and call me when you know where they end up. If they're not there, get into the house and see what you can find out about the people that live in it and what might have happened to them."

"I'll leave straight away." 

Idris watched Stryx and didn't bother to hide his curiosity. "Who is she?"

Stryx rubbed a hand over his face and looked sharply at Idris' amused green eyes.

"It has to be a woman." Idris shrugged. "You'd never go into a trance for a man."

"She didn't give me her name. She said something about wolves killing a woman, and men kidnapping her and her sister to sell to mages. She was attacked on her way back from the national park, and her sister was probably taken from their house earlier today. The woman the wolves killed told her to run from the mages and never look back."

"Mages here in Port Storm?" Idris asked.

Stryx nodded.

"And this woman, she made some sort of connection with you? She's a witch?"

Stryx nodded again. "But not just a witch. She is my Dragă."

Idris sucked in a breath. "Fuck. That would explain it, but I didn't think that was possible anymore. When we left Dacia after the...well, after everything that happened..."

"I didn't think it was possible anymore either, but I felt it," Stryx said. "The pull. There's no mistaking it for anything else. I'm going to speak with Selene. "

"What can I do to help?"

"Find Jael and Melchior. Tell them mages are in the city and we need to be ready for a rescue mission as soon as I know where to find my Dragă."

Stryx left his office and headed to the passage that led to Selene's tower. As he climbed the winding steps he hoped he'd find her awake, and that she would have the answers he needed. He had never understood why she chose to remain so isolated from everyone. Every vampire in the compound loved her and would kill and die for her. But she had never left her tower, not even once.

He knocked on the door at the top of the steps and waited. He wasn't surprised when he didn't get an answer. Selene often went into deep trances and would not hear a knock on her door. To be polite, he knocked again, harder this time. 

"Selene?" he called. "It's Stryx. I'm coming in."

Getting no response, he opened the door and entered Selene's room. She was laying on her back in her bed, covers pulled up to her chin, arms flat by her sides. She was pale, her alabaster skin accentuated by her long, ebony hair. 

Stryx crossed the room, sat on the side of the bed, and picked up one of her small hands, cradling it in his large ones. He leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead.

Selene opened her eyes, and for a second he thought they glowed silver before they turned to the lilac color he expected to see. "Stryx," she said, smiling and shifting to sit up. "What brings you to my tower?"

"I have some questions I'm hoping you can answer for me."

Selene studied him with the gaze that always made him feel like she was reading his mind. "You are troubled." Her smile grew wider. "By a woman."

"Not just any woman," Stryx said. "She is my Dragă."

Selene said nothing and continued to study him.

Agitated, Stryx got up to pace. "How is that possible? I thought when...when we had to leave that all the blood lines were wiped out."

Selene closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "The Dragă and any woman even suspected of being related to a Dragă were targeted and killed by mages, shifters, and vampires. But it is possible someone other than me was able to escape the slaughter and has been in hiding, or that blood lines unknown to the mages were already in existence here, or perhaps the power has found a new way to manifest."

"A woman I've never met before pulled me into some sort of waking dream. She told me mages were here in Port Storm, and that they had kidnapped her and her sister. It was so real, I could feel the heat of her skin when I touched her. And the pull I felt towards her made me want to..."

Selene smiled. "I'm well aware of what a vampire feels for his Dragă."

"It was like nothing I have ever felt before,"

"It's meant to be a connection you only feel for one another. She will feel the bond, too, if she is indeed your Dragă."

"Mages have her!" Stryx ran his hands through his thick black hair and joined his fingers at the back of his neck. "I don't know where she is."

"Once a vampire and his Dragă exchange blood and venom he can track her anywhere. The connection won't be as strong if you have not had her blood, but you may be able to use something of hers to track her if you can find something she owns. Or if she can maintain the link with you, you can follow that straight to her."

"She gave me her address. Ciaran is going there now. She said —" Stryx stopped talking and his eyes went distant. 

"Sit with me," Selene said, holding out a hand. "Your Dragă calls. Keep her with you as long as possible. I will try to help strengthen the link so you can follow it."

Stryx stumbled to the bed and tried to sit, but missed and ended up sitting on the floor next to it instead.

**********

Ember kept her eyes closed as the SUV came to a stop and Dmitri slid his hands over her bare skin, eventually sliding them under her so he could lift her out of the car. He carried her a short distance and she heard the click of a padlock being opened a chain rattling and a door opening. In the way only twins can, she felt her sister was near. 

Dmitri twisted, carried her up three steps, and dropped her on a sofa. He propped her up against the back of the sofa and placed her own hands on her breasts, cupped his hands over hers, and gave them each a hard squeeze. 

Leaning forward he licked a line up her neck to her ear, and moved a hand so he could grip her cheeks. He squeezed, forced her mouth open and slid his tongue into her. 

Ember couldn't pretend anymore and opened her eyes. She tried to hit him, but couldn't move her arms yet. She could move her mouth though, and bit down, hard.

Dmitri roared in pain. "You fucking bitch!" he screamed at her, raising a hand to slap her. 

"Dmitri!" a voice from outside called. Dmitri stilled, his hand inches from her face. "Tie her up and get out here!"

Ember strained to move, but the paralytic was still affecting her larger muscles. She could wiggle her fingers and toes, but that was all. 

Dmitri sneered down at her. "You want to move? I'll move you." He yanked her body down the sofa and rolled her onto her back. He placed her arms above her head and spread her legs, draping one over the back of the sofa, and placing her other foot on the floor, leaving her spread wide to his gaze. He picked up a piece of rope and looped it around one of her ankles, ran it under the couch to her other ankle and tied her legs apart.

He used another piece of rope to bind her wrists and stretched her arms, forcing her back to arch as he pulled on the rope so he could tie it off to something she couldn't see. 

He ran his gaze over her taut body and licked his lips. "That's how you're going to be for me anytime I want you after you're sold tonight," he said. "Only you'll be in chains and able to struggle some. That'll make it more fun for both of us."

"Dmitri!" the voice yelled. "Now!"

"All right," Dmitri yelled back. "Fuck off. I'll be right there." 

He thumped down three steps and slammed the door. The chain rattled, and the padlock clicked back into place.

Ember ran her eyes around her prison. "Musette?" she whispered.

"Ember," Musette whispered back.

"Next time you have a bad feeling we're moving to another country."

Musette giggled, slightly hysterical.

"Have they hurt you?" Ember asked.

"No, I'm okay. You?"

"Nothing a hot shower and some mouthwash can't fix."

"Amen to that, sister," a third woman said.

"How many of us are there?"

"Six, including you," Musette said. 

"They said I'm the last one," Ember said. "Can any of you move? I'm still paralyzed from that crap he made me drink."

"Even if we could move we're all tied up," a fourth woman said. "Although not quite like you. Dmitri is one scary bastard and nothing good is going to come from being singled out by him."

Ember wasn't ready to tell her sister he wanted them as a matched set. "I wasn't given an option on my preference of which bastard got to touch me."

A woman chuckled. "You broke his face. He won't forget that, even after they patch him up."

"Why did they take us?" Musette asked.

"They think we're witches," a woman answered. "They'll sell us off to mages that will drain our magic for themselves."

"That's ridiculous," Musette scoffed. "There's no such thing as witches."

Ember would have agreed earlier today, but not now. "Does anyone know where we are?" she asked. "I didn't see anything when they brought me in."

"A warehouse by the port," Musette said. "I saw the ocean."

"The warehouse next door had the number five painted on it," the third woman said. "There was another number after the five, but I couldn't make out what it was."

"How is any of this going to help?" the fourth woman asked.

"I'm going to try and call for help." Ember hoped she found a protector instead of a dream man this time.

**********

She felt his eyes on her. His gaze was a weight she felt on her body before any of her other senses alerted her to his presence. She tried to act like he wasn't there and walked across the room to her closet. He was dressed, why did she show up here in her underwear? Because that's how she was really dressed? But that couldn't be it. This red lingerie wasn't the underwear she was actually wearing. She pulled a shirt from a hanger.

"If you put that on, you'll just have to take it off," her dream man's deep voice rumbled from his chair in the shadows. "I told you the next time you summoned me I wanted you naked." 

"You don't get to order me around."

"Don't I?" the deep voice mocked. 

"Arrogant much?"

"Is it arrogance if it's true?"

"This is my dream, I can wear what I like."

"This is no dream." 

That statement reminded her of the urgency of her situation in the real world. "There are six of us," she said in a rush not knowing how long she had in this strange dream world. "We're in a warehouse by the ocean. There's a number five on a building next to us. The warehouse is huge, they drove the car straight into it. Musette is here. They're going to sell us!" She tried to stay calm, but her voice rose and her words rushed together the longer she spoke.

"Breathe," her dream man said as she was pulled back against a hard, male body. A shiver ran through her as her body reacted to his. The shirt fell from her fingers. Her eyes darted to the mirror on the closet door. She hadn't been able to see his face last time, and she desperately wanted to see her dream man. But something was wrong in her dream. There was no man behind her. 

"Tell me your name." Her dream man's deep voice purred into her ear.

"Ember." She could feel him, why couldn't she see him?

"Ember," the man drew out the two syllables, savoring the sound of the word.

"Who are you?"

"Stryx."

"Stryx," she said slowly. "I know you're just a dream, but I wish you were real."

"I am very real, my Dragă." His mouth was on her neck, seeking and finding her frantically beating pulse. He nipped her with his teeth, slowly increasing the pressure before he abruptly stopped to suck on her skin instead. 

All she could think of was how desperately she wanted him to bite her harder. 

"Do you want to know how I will have you tonight?" his low voice murmured in her ear as he nuzzled her neck. One of his hands was on her stomach, stroking with feather light touches, working its way lower. "All the things I am going to do to you?"

"Who said you could do anything to me?" Her mouth was dry, and it was hard to focus on talking with his hands everywhere. "I—" she licked her lips and tried again. "I didn't say you could have me tonight."

He moved one hand to cage her throat and the other to slide down over her abdomen and under the band of her panties. She watched in the mirror as her panties stretched over a hand she could not see in the reflection. She couldn't see any part of him in the mirror. Her dream lover had no reflection. Looking down her own body she saw a muscled forearm curving around her from behind, and a hand that disappeared into her panties, but there was still nothing in the mirror when she looked."Why can't I see you?"

"I am vampire."

Ember let out a hysterical giggle. "Of course you are. I met a wolf that could send her thoughts to me and turn into a woman, and then she died and became some sort of ghost that talks to me in my head. Some men who think I'm a witch used magic to make my jeep float into the air and kidnapped me so they can sell me and my sister to mages. Of course there should be a vampire, too!"

"You truly know nothing of our world or what you are, do you little witch?"

She closed her eyes. "I'm dreaming. This is all just a dream. This part is better than the other parts, but none of this is real. It can't be."

"Open your eyes," he commanded. "You cannot deny the bond between us. That is real." When her eyes were on the mirror again, unseen fingers tugged one side of her panties, then the other until they slid down her legs and dropped to the floor. The clasp of her bra was unhooked, and it slid down her arms to join her panties at her feet. "You feel my touch. That is real." 

His hands went back to roaming and she watched her body twitch and react to the unseen caresses. He took her hands in his, sending one back to her core and placing the other over her breast, so in the mirror it looked like she was pleasuring herself. Leaving her hand on her breast, he let his fingers stroke down her spine, the light touch causing her to arch her back. 

His hands continued to roam freely over her. A hand she couldn't see fit over and lifted her other breast, toying with her nipple. His other hand was at the juncture of her thighs. 

"Open for me," he growled.

She obeyed without thinking about it, granting him the access his insistent fingers sought. Immediately two fingers slid over her clit, then lower, finding slickness and spreading it over her sex. She moaned and the man rumbled a low chuckle. "You're already so wet for me," he said, his voice rough. "One day I will see you come just from listening to my voice."

His fingers slid over her rhythmically, offering tantalizing stimulation, but she wanted more. Her whole body shuddered as his fingers slid back and forth but far too slowly for her. She rocked her hips, wanting him deeper, faster, and inside her. She pushed against his hand but he growled and stopped his motions.

"Be still," he commanded her. 

She mewled a protest but stopped her hips and his fingers resumed their delicious torment. "If this is real and you really are a vampire, you'd bite me wouldn't you?"

And then he did.

Two sharp points sank into the flesh of her neck at the same time the two fingers stroking her sex pushed inside her, slowly, but inexorably. She stiffened, but a body-tingling warmth flowed from him into her. The warmth quickly escalated to heat, and heat burst into desire.

All the heat flowing through her veins was drawn to her core. She struggled to remain still, knowing if she didn't he'd stop, and she was so close to bliss. His thumb moved, seeking the small nub at the top of her sex, stroking in circles when he found it. 

"Does it feel real now?"

"Yes," she breathed as he pushed her over the edge and waves of pleasure washed over her. 

As she came for him Stryx was several places at once. He could feel her clenching around the fingers he had inside her, but he was on the floor in Selene's room. And then he wasn't there at all, but in a small room with six women, all tied in place. 

Five of them gazed at him with wide, shocked eyes. Ember, his Dragă, lay on a couch, her legs tied apart obscenely. A bruise marred her cheek where someone had struck her. He gently stroked her cheek. When he found the men that had done this to her, he would kill them all.

Abruptly he was back in Ember's bedroom with her and she was sagging against him. Keeping her wrapped firmly in his arms he knelt on the floor and held her to him, her back to his chest, her thighs splayed outside his, her head lolled on his shoulder. 

He lowered his head to her neck and bit her again, sending more of his venom into her blood to heighten her desire. He'd heard of witches that could channel magic from sex but he'd never met one before. If his Dragă needed sex to power her magic, he'd be happy to make sure she had all the power she needed. Right now he needed her to send him back to the room she was being held in. He'd been too surprised and actually there for too short a time to see or do anything useful.

His hands roved over her and she arched into his touch, her body so incredibly responsive to his touches and caresses. His hands became less exploratory and more possessive, demanding her responses instead of coaxing them from her.

Settling her knees on the floor he leaned her forwards until her chest was on the floor and released his aching cock from the overly tight confines of his pants. He'd been hard ever since she'd summoned him to wherever this place was wearing only her skimpy lingerie again. 
