 As I pulled my car around, I was treated to a wonderful sight after a few minutes of waiting. Jen looked more stunning than I've ever seen her as she walked down the path to my car. She wore a flowing, white dress with thin straps across the shoulders and reached just past her knees. The dress was cut just enough to give the hint of cleavage without having it spill out for all to stare. Her shoes were matching flats, seeming to go with comfort over fashion. The only jewelry she wore was a locket necklace and a small bracelet on her wrist. In her hand, she held a small purse, only big enough to hold the essentials. She wore little makeup, but in my eyes, she didn't need any. What she did have only enhanced her beauty and perfected by the smile she made when she got into the car. 

"Did I keep you waiting?" She asked while buckling her seat belt. 

"Not at all," I replied. "You look stunning." 

She blushed slightly. "Thanks. You look good yourself." 

I smiled back and turned my focus to driving us to the theater. It was a quiet ride, both of us clearly too nervous to speak. I tried to drum up conversation to break the silence, but couldn't get my head to think straight. By the time we reached the parking lot, not a word was said and I was sure my anxiety showed. As I turned off the car, I heard a sigh and looked at Jen, who wore a tired smile. 

"Ok," she said, shaking her head. "I'm going to nip this in the butt before it gets worse." 

"What?" I asked, concerned. 

She turned and looked at me. "I know we are both nervous. This is a big step for us and neither of us want to ruin it. But, this awkwardness is dumb. We're both great friends. We both know each other. I don't want tonight to be awkward, even if its new territory. So, how about we just have fun and not worry about it all? No matter what, we will still be friends." 

I stared at her for a bit before I laughed with relief. It was exactly what I needed to hear to calm my nerves. "You got a deal." 

"Good. Now, come on. We have a movie to see." 

For the next few hours, the both of us enjoyed ourselves. We split the bill between us, me buying the tickets and her the food. Then, we sat in the theater, sharing popcorn and drinks while watching Stark and Captain America beat up aliens. We laughed, we gasped, and we relaxed without any of the awkwardness from before. We were both as comfortable as friends with the side of being on a date. When we finally walked out of the theater, we held hands as if it was the most natural thing to us. Instead of going back to the dorms, Jen asked for coffee and I was happy to oblige. I drove us to the local Starbucks where we spent the next hour talking. We talked about classes, home, and aspirations. We talked until our coffee was cold, forgotten between our hands. By the time the store closed, I could see the twinkle in her eye that surely matched mine. Our drive back was silent, but tension filled the air. The best kind. 

I don't know what took us. Before the door fully closed, we were all over each other. Our hands roamed the other's body as we kissed deeply. I pinned her against the wall as I held her close, my fingers grasping her firm behind. Her hands snaked their way up the back of my shirt while we got lost in the kiss. Without breaking contact, we swung ourselves to the bed and laid flat on the clean covers. We made out for a while, our lips and tongues dancing constantly. 

Then, without warning, she rolled me over and stood on her knees. Carefully, she lifted her dress up and above her head, revealing a matching pair of white underwear. The bra was mostly plain with some lace around the edges and straps while her panties matched with the same amount circling around her waist. As she cast her dress aside, I stopped her before she could reach behind and unhook her bra. Instead, I pulled her down and kissed her once more before I reached for the hooks myself. I watched as the bra slowly fell off her shoulders and revealed her bare chest in all its splendor. She smiled at my expression, knowing I loved the sight. 

My hands found her butt once more as she leaned down to continue our kiss. As our tongues danced, I groped and grasped her tightly. I knew my hands were working their magic as I was rewarded with soft moans. She broke the kiss once more to remove my shirt, but I stopped her before she could resume. Without a word, I rolled us over, taking the top position again. She watched with passion and curiosity filled eyes as I slowly slid off her panties. Then, I moved closer with a smile, my arms keeping her locked in place. 

With all the sex I've had recently, the one thing I hadn't done was eat a girl out. I was so focused on enjoying myself that I completely forgot. But, I wasn't going to with Jen. I was going to treat her right. My mouth slowly made its way to her pussy, my nose treated to a smell it never knew before. Along the way, I made sure to kiss her thighs in a teasing fashion. When my mouth finally reach it, my tongue reached out and licked it ever so slightly. She jumped slightly, but otherwise remained still. Each consecutive lick created its own jolt until she was whimpering for more. Before she could properly ask, I started to run my tongue up her pussy slowly. I was careful to use the right amount of pressure as my tongue sped up over time. I also made sure to graze her clit from time to time, each causing her to jerk against my arms. Soon, she was moaning loudly while her hands held my head tightly. When her body began to arch, I knew she was close so I doubled my efforts. I could feel her building with each lick I made, moments from her climax. Then, her body froze as the gates of pleasure opened. Her hands tightened on my head and she tried to muffle her screams as she came against my mouth. I felt her squirt on my lips slightly as my tongue continued to lick every drop. When she finally relaxed, I looked up to see her rag dolled on the bed, panting heavily. Slowly, I moved my way upward, kissing her in a line gently as I did until I reached her lips. Not sure if she wanted to taste her juices, though, I kissed her on her cheek lightly and waited for her to recover. 

"That is some tongue you have there," she said through her ragged breaths. 

"You are the first one to feel it, so I'm glad you enjoyed it," I replied. 

She raised her head slightly and kissed my lips. "I certainly did. Now, let me feel that cock of yours." 

I hovered over her as she slowly undid my belt and pants. Within seconds, her hand was inside and stroking me slowly. We both sat up and, with one swift motion, she pulled my pants and boxers down to my knees. With a slight adjustment, they were removed all together and I was left kneeling in front of her, her hand still on my member. She quickly moved forward until she was on her stomach with her face right up against it. 

"Stay still and let me show you what I can do," 

Smiling, I leaned back on my palms and l enjoyed myself. Slowly, her hand moved up and down my ridged shaft. It would move from the tip to the base, caressing it slightly before changing directions. With her other hand, she massaged my balls lightly, sending shivers up my spine. Her hand stopped at the tip after a few passes and she focused on the underside with her thumb. She rubbed it slowly at the most sensitive spot until she coaxed our a few drops of precum. Her mouth inched closer as her tongue slowly licked up the droplets before she drew out some more. Each time she licked, I moaned while resisting the urge to move my hands. This process repeated a few times before she carefully took the tip between her lips. My moans grew louder as she lapped at the underside of my dick while her lips sucked on the tip. If I didn't have control over my body, I would have cum right there. I watched her eye me while her lips worked their magic, a clear lust in her eyes. Then, with a slight pop, she let go of my dick and raised herself to eye level, her hand still slowly rubbing me. 

"I bet you're close," she said with a smile. 

"You have no idea," I half lied. 

"Then lets finish this with a proper climax." 

She smiled as she moved herself closer. With her hand still holding me, she positioned herself directly in front of me, her legs wrapping around my sides. Then, she slowly lowered herself onto my dick, using her hand to guide me in. She was tight, but incredibly wet, allowing me to enter easily. With each inch, her moans grew louder as they matched with mine. It wasn't long until I was fully inside her and feeling her fully enveloping my member. 

She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me deeply while she got used to the feeling. Then, pushing down on my shoulders with her arms, she started to ride me. Her movements were slow at first, but picked up fairly quickly. Soon, our hips slapped against each other loudly as she rode me with a strong passion. Each thrust downward enticed moans from her lips, but were muffled by my lips on hers. When it became too much, she pulled me close and hid her face in my shoulder as the pleasure filled her. Then, without warning, I felt her tighten around me as she came on my cock. Her moans became sharp breaths as she struggled to move through the bliss. Not wanting to stop, though, I grabbed her hips and moved her myself. I gave her no moment's rest as I pounded her body onto mine. She tried to quiet her moans by biting into my shoulder, but succeeding in only leaving a large mark. She came three more times before I did. Her body shook each time, sending waves of pleasure through her. When I finally came, I locked lips with her as I filled her up. I felt my cum spread out through her body and out onto the bed below us. then, with a few more thrusts, I relaxed and just held her close. 

We sat there in each other's arms for a few minutes, just resting our foreheads together. I saw the lust in her eyes, but it slowly diminished and transformed into simple happiness. I couldn't help but smile at that look before kissing her gently on the lips. She returned the kiss with one of equal feelings. Then, we both flopped downward onto the bed with a poof of the cushions and a slight laugh. We both instantly felt my member pop out of her and the flood of my cum onto the bed below us. This only made us laugh more. Quickly, we discarded the dirty sheet and curled up on the bed in each other's arms. 

The next thing I remember was waking up to sunlight peering through the shades. As I blinked the sun away, I felt Jen's warmth between my arms. My arms tightened slightly at the feeling, but I didn't move otherwise. It was comforting having her there and I didn't want to ruin the moment. 

"I see you are finally awake." 

My eyes darted downward and saw the smile spreading across her lips. 

"It's not easy ignoring the sun in your eyes." 

"Well, at least you didn't pull away. I would have whined to that." 

I tightened my arms again. "Now, we can't have that. I guess I'm not allowed to let you go ever again." 

She laughed. "You are so sappy." 

I kissed her cheek in response. 

"You do need to let me go for a minute, though. I need to use the bathroom." 

"Fine," I said with a sigh. 

As I rolled over, she quickly climbed over me in an ungraceful manner. By the time she flopped to the floor, I was doing all I could to contain my laughter. 

"Not a word," she said with a stern look and pointed finger. 

Quickly, she grabbed my shirt from last night and pulled it over her nude form before leaving the room. As soon as she came back, I used the bathroom myself and returned to find her sprawled across my bed in nothing but my shirt. I felt a familiar stir watching her lay there with her arms above her head, the shirt teasing me as it stopped just short of her hips. But, I quelled that feeling as I instead chose to climb next to her and cuddle with her. Sure, I was hard as I held her close, but we both ignored it and lay silently together. It lasted for on a short while, though, until her stomach rumbled beneath my arm. 

"I take it someone is hungry," I said with a grin. 

"Well, we did burn a lot of energy last night," she replied. 

"We should fill you up, then. Unless, of course, you want to be filled another way." 

"While that does sound tempting," she said as her stomach grumbled again, "I think food is the better choice. Besides, food means we can burn of more later." 

I kissed her on the lips. "I'm ok with that." 

Smiling, I rolled off the bed and started to dress. I was slow going, though, as I couldn't help but watch her do the same. Much like the first night together, it was alluring to watch her put on close as it was to take them off. This time, though, she only put on her panties and bra. 

She turned to me and gave me a sideways look. "It might be too awkward to go to breakfast this morning to wear my dress. Mind if I borrow some of your clothes?" 

"Sure," I answered. "Though, they are going to be large on you." 

"I'll deal. At this point, I'm sure word has spread about us in the game room, so people will draw conclusions anyway." 

I finished dressing and watched as she rummaged through my drawers for something she could wear. Luckily, she found a pair of sweatpants I rarely wore and simple, black shirt. Even with the shirt being the smallest I owned, she looked tiny in the outfit. But, it seemed to not bother her as she looked herself over once before closing the last drawer. 

"Ken..." 

"Yeah?" I asked as I reached for my phone and keys. 

"What is this?" 

Looking back, I saw her holding up Catrina's clothes. They were the ones from when we first met, still dirty from before. TI had completely forgot I put them into the drawer after our first time together. The look in Jen's eyes was of deep confusion as she tried to understand why I had them at all. 

"Why do you have these?" She asked again. "They are clearly not yours." 

"Um," I said, struggling to find an answer. 

"They are dirty, Ken. Was someone wearing them?" 

I tried to speak, but I found myself unable to say a word. Not because I had nothing to say, but because I couldn't literally speak. My mouth was held firmly shut by an unseen force. 

I watched as her eyes filled with hurt. "Nothing? You have no answer to this?" 

I made hand gestures as I tried to speak, but without words, it was no better than admitting guilt. 

"I can't believe this," she said, tears forming in her eyes. "I thought I was important to you, but it's clear that I was nothing but some tail. I don't know why I thought you would be different." 

Before I could stop her, Jen threw the clothes to the ground and stormed out with all her things. As soon as the door slammed shut, Catrina next to me, a devastated look on her face. 

"I am so sorry," she said frantically. "I did not know you put my clothes in there. Otherwise, I would have removed them." 

"What happened?" I asked, finally able to speak. "Why couldn't I give her an answer." 

"My magic. It prevents you from telling anyone about me because of the second rule." 

"But I wasn't going to. I didn't even have a chance to lie!" 

"It does not matter if you planned to or not. My magic is absolute. It will not risk the chance of you letting it slip. I am sorry." 

I turned to my door and stared at it, lost and unsure of what to do.