 Dear readers. I am trying something a little different with this one. When I first started to write this one I just wanted to make a hot story set in a fantasy world. As I began to write I developed more of a story with it than I anticipated. This story is should be about novel size. It's still an erotic story but there will be a lot more to it then just the sex. As I said, it's something a little different. So I'll put out a few chapters so you guys and girls can judge. If you like it please let me know and I'll continue to write more. If not let me know as well and I'll decide what to do with it from there. All right thank you and enjoy! Embrace of the Goddess:

Prologue:

The lands of Naholta. A beautiful world made by the goddesses Mithriosa, and Siril. Both rule over the land and continue the preserve the balance of light and dark. For if it was ever upset, the universe would surly crumble.

They shaped the land together creating its form and inhabitants. They formed the races to promote equality in the land. They made humas first, then dwarfs, then the sea dwelling corcias, the cat like makrats, and the isolated orcs. Then finally they made the fairies. But they could not agree on how to sculpt them, so they each made their own. Mithriosa made the elves and Siril made the drows. They made rules for themselves as well. One such is that they would not interfere with the doings of mortals as long as the other would not as well. Sisters do quarrel.

Even though equality was shared between the races, they began to separate. The humas were the only ones that were everywhere. Though their main capital Foron lay in the mid north, many smaller kingdoms were scattered throughout the land. The dwarves stayed mostly in the north east, but quite a few still loved to travel to the other lands. The makrats are wonderers and travel very often. Their main living area is in the North West tropical areas. Cocias make their homes along the eastern coast. Their capital is on the south eastern coast. Orcs live in the southern mountains. Most people think that they are savages. But that couldn't be father from the truth. The few that do travel are shunned by most people out of fear. Elves and drows live in the Midwest. They mostly live apart from each other but still coexist. The elves are the more accepted of the two races because they were created by Mithriosa. Some people fear drows due to their dark appearance. But this makes them no different then the others. They are just as understanding as any elf.

There are other creatures as well, monsters and beasts of all kinds. These were not of the sister's creation. They are the creation of demons that were contained long ago. They are strong creatures with almost as much power as the goddesses themselves. These demons tried to take over the land a few thousand years after the creation, but the goddesses created a weapon to stop them called The Blade of the Elements. With it a lone champion drove the demons back and imprisoned them.

Peace rained again for thousands and thousands of years, until one day when it all changed. A small huma village in the southern edge of the land was attacked by a massive army. It was quickly destroyed within an hour. No one knew what had happened to the town until the army appeared again a few weeks later. The few survivors described the banners of an isolated huma kingdom hailing from the south flew above it. They were the banners of the Morhoron Empire.

The Morhoron were believed to be a small country with no big army to speak of. No man yet knows how they have amassed such a great army in such a short time. The sisters do and they are not pleased by it. They look now to see if their creations will be able to stop the evil brewing in the land or if they will fall. A great test awaits and the sisters may only watch and guide.

Chapter 1:

Rikahn made his way down the steps of the prison. He had only just heard of the arrival of the prisoner. It was an accomplice to a failed caravan attack that happened three days ago. He hurriedly made it to the bottom of the steps and entered the dungeons passing the guard stationed there. The guard made no attempt to stop him as soon as he saw the armor. Rikahn wore suit of steel breastplate armor and steel helmet that had a visor that lifted up and down. A black cape was attached by buttons on shoulders. This suit was usually worn by the Morhoron lieutenants. It was tight and confining to him. It was also very poorly made. He didn't like it and wanted to be out of it soon. But it was necessary, because he was no Morhoron solider. The person captured was a friend and he was going to rescue her.

Rikahn walked down a long corridor. Cell doors lined the walls locked and bolted. There were no other prisoners in the cells. That would make his job easier. As he neared the end he started to hear muffled voices. They grew louder as followed them closer to the door he was looking for. Finally the third to last door is where he heard them coming from. 'Great, they already started.' He thought. Pushing the door open he stepped inside. He quickly saw two soldiers laughing and smiling at something at the other side of the room. They came to attention as soon as they saw him clearly surprised by the sight. He turned his head to the far wall where a soldier stood with his back to him. It was a captain from looks of it. Rikahn had lucked out. The captain's hands were gripping something in front of him, and that's when Rikahn noticed the form of a naked woman kneeling in front of the captain.

"Here come some new decorations for you!" The captain said backing away and grunting. From the new view point Rikahn saw that it was his penis that the captain was holding. He yelled and cum shot from the tip hitting the captive right in the face. Some of it landed on the women's lips. She quickly spat it out at the soldier's feet.

Rikahn was able to see the prisoner as well. Anyone would be able to tell you that she was an elf. They had completely stripped her of her clothing. She had a nice slender body, narrow waist, full medium size breasts. Her skin was a pearl white, like milk and looked like it would be soft to the touch.. Her vaginal mound was of course hairless, for it was common knowledge that elves never grew pubic hairs. It was the norm for elves and drows to look like any mans wet dream. Dark black hair fell to her shoulders, and her pointed ears pushed straight out backwards through the strands. She had runes tattooed into her body in a couple places. One was like a necklace that hung across the back of her neck, came down from the far sides of her shoulders, traced a line across the top of her breasts, came down her cleavage and met in the middle of it. The other set ran in a circle across her upper waist right below the bellybutton. She was obviously a sorceress.

"My cum not good enough for you, elf whore?!" The captain screamed after she spat it out.

"Not when it comes from something so small," the elf grinned back, Rikahn grinned under the helmet.

"Why you elvin bitch!" The captain raised his hand in preparation for a smack across the face. Rikahn quickly rushed forward and grabbed the hand before it could come down.

"That will be quite enough captain!" Rikahn yelled as he threw the other back against the wall.

"Lie... lie... lieutenant," The captain stuttered, pulling his leggings up before turning to the other soldiers who only shrugged. "I... I... I'm sorry sir," he said as Rikahn turned back to the elf.

She was shackled to a chain that hung from the ceiling of the room. It held her arms above her head when she was knelling like this. The bindings that held her had markings carved into them. They knew that she was a magic user and had taken precautions against it.

"The... uh... bindings are...," the captain started.

"I am quite aware of our precautions captain! So don't try to change the subject of how you were out of line!"

"But sir... she commented on me...,"

"I don't want to know about your size insecurities either! What I would like to know is why I was not informed of the prisoner sooner?!"

"Well... that is..."

"Napkin!" Rikahn ordered holding out his hand, not giving the captain a chance to explain. As soon as he was given one Rikahn knelt in front of the elf began to wipe at her face cleaning the cum off. He started at her forehead, moved down her face, and then her chin.

"Give me your name elf," Rikahn told her playing dumb.

The elf hesitated before answering. "Yoral."

"Ok Yoral, this is how it works. You give us the answers we want and I can promise you a swift, painless execution. If you don't, we will rape, beat and torture you until you beg for us to kill you."

"Kinda hard to give answers when I don't know the questions."

Rikahn brought the napkin down to her left breast where some cum had dripped onto it. Yoral closed her eyes as he brushed his hand across her tit. He didn't want to but he knew that he had to put on a show. He flicked his fingers across her nipple and felt it harden a little under his touch.

"Where is the hidden post?" Rikahn asked.

Yoral bit her lip. "I said I didn't know the questions, not that I would give you the answers." Yoral yelped as two fingers pinched down on her left nipple. Rikahn held it for a few seconds before letting go.

"Where is it?!" He yelled at her.

"Go to hell!" She spat. "Better yet, go fuck your boyfriend over there!"

"Captain! Go take up your posts outside the dungeon. I wish to have a few moments alone with her. Then she is all yours."

"Yes sir!" A grin washed over the captain's face. He stared a moment at Yoral before heading out the door with his troops.

Rikahn waited until he knew that they were out of sight. Then he turned to Yoral and lifted the visor that covered his face. He smiled as the recognition washed over her face.

"What is it that I always say about elves?" He asked. "Oh yeah, they can be such a pain in the ass."

"Rikahn!?" She yelled in disbelief. "Holy shit, am I glad to see you! Get me the hell out of these!"

"I don't know Yoral. You look hot like that and I could use a good elf slave."

"I am so gonna turn you into a toad!"

Rikahn laughed at the statement before undoing her bindings.

"Where'd you get that armor?" Yoral asked rubbing her numb wrist.

"Mira," he replied. "She found a lieutenant, got him drunk, got him onto a room, fucked him, and then stole his armor when he passed out. Now speaking of clothes..."

Rikahn gave Yoral another look over and smiled jokingly.

"After they stripped me they took my clothes out of here. They should be around here somewhere."

"Ok then, ladies first."

Yoral quickly moved through the door with Rikahn following, staring at a very beautiful elvin butt.

***

There were only three more doors left till they got to the end of the hallway. The first was empty, the second had an occupant but he was a long past dead. Rikahn moved ahead of Yoral as they approached the last door. It was cracked so they could peer inside. It was an equipment/guards break room and had a single guard inside. He was peering through some ale bottles unaware. The guard jumped when Rikahn came bursting into the room and froze in surprise. Before the man could react, Rikahn's long sword slashed open his throat and he crumpled lifeless to the ground.

After he motioned her in, Yoral quickly located her clothes. Before putting them on she quickly found as clean towel and wiped the muck and left over cum off. Rikahn, who kept his back turned to give her as much privacy as possible, rummaged through the storage for supplies. He turned back when she told him that she was decent. Even clothed she looked like a goddess.

Yoral's now had a sleeveless black silk shirt that was cut so the collar ran parallel to her runes on her chest and covered to right above her belly button. It fastened in the middle with gold buttons. Rikahn liked the fact that it still showed a nice amount of cleavage. Her lower portion was covered by a black silk pant that was cut off at mid thigh. The top of the clothing ran along the bottom of the runes at her waist. A pair of long cloths, which fell to the middle of her lower legs, were sown in the front and back and draped over the respective areas. She had black leather boots with gold clasps on that came up to her ankles. She wore a black cloak that she left open, decorated in the back with a gold circle with two lines, one white, one black running down the center swirling together. It was the symbol of the goddesses. That last part, but in no way the least important, was the black wood staff she carried. Runes were carved in the sides of it and a red gem was set on the top of it.

"So how are we going to get out of here?" Yoral asked.

"With this," Rikahn said as he handed a roll of parchment to the elf.

As Rikahn turned back to start gathering some supplies, Yoral unrolled the parchment. It was a map of some tunnels.

"We're going to escape through some tunnels?" She asked.

"Close, they're sewers," Rikahn said grabbing a bag for supplies. Yoral made a face. "Hey, you can always go back to the cell."

"Ok, ok. So where is the entrance?"

"There should be one in each room," he said tossing some bread and cheese he found on the shelves into the bag. He found a few bottles of ale and after sniffing them; he nodded in approval and tossed them in as well. He grabbed a few blankets and towels as well as some fire starting rocks. "The goddesses have graced us kindly."

After packing the bag, Rikahn and Yoral quickly located the entrance to the sewer half hidden by a barrel. After Rikahn moved it and opened the grate there they were gifted by the smell only a sewer could provide. Yoral wrinkled her nose and Rikahn waved his hand in front of his. There was a single ladder that led down into the hole.

"Breathe through the mouth," was the only tip he gave Yoral before helping her through the opening. He followed quickly after closing the lid after he was through.

***

After a short climb down Yoral reached the bottom of the ladder. She stepped from the last bar and into a river of she-didn't-want-to-know-what that came up to her knees. It was pitch black in the sewer naturally and even with her elvin eyes she couldn't see more then a few feet in front of her. She held her staff in front of her and raised her other hand so that it was right above the jewel. After speaking a few words in fairy a red light burst from the staff illuminating the tunnel. She heard a splash behind her, signaling Rikahn's decent, and turned to find him taking off the helmet he was wearing. She watched him start to unbuckle the armor he was wearing as well.

"Why are you taking those off?" She asked him.

"This armor is constricting and poorly made," he said after tossing the breast plate into the sludge. A few seconds later the steel leggings were off as well. He left the boots and leather leggings on. "I'll be better without it."

Yoral gave him a smile and a nod. As he situated his weapons she gave him a glance over. Rikahn was about 28 years old. He stood about 6 feet 3 inches tall. He had a broad chest and was very muscular. He had a scar on his left cheek and a tattoo of a sword, pointing blade down, on his left bicep. His hair fell to his shoulders, and was a deep red. He always kept his face clean shaven. 'Pretty handsome for a huma.' She thought. She suddenly felt a small trickle on the inside of her thigh.

They started off with Rikahn in the lead, using the map as a guide, and with Yoral following closely behind so that he had enough light. They took the twists and turns that the map laid. There were no walkways so they were forced to walk through the slime, sludge and the goddesses know what else. The only other company that they had was rats crawling in and out of cracks in the walls. The only thing that they didn't noticed was that the rats were getting bigger.

An hour and a half into their trek, they knew that they were almost at the end of the sewers. They should've been happy, but they suddenly felt like something was not right. Rikahn was the first to notice it, but Yoral was the one who figured it out. The rats had stopped appearing. They could still hear them in the walls but there none out in the open. That's when they saw the body laying against the wall. It was a huma man... or what was left of him. His entire left arm was missing. His flesh had been torn from his body in most places. Where it hadn't was all rotten flesh. The smell mixed in with the sewers making it even worse. Yoral felt her stomach turn. Rikahn knew exactly what had done this.

"Aw shit," Yoral heard Rikahn say. She then heard him draw his sword. "Dire rats! Yoral Run!"

They both did, bolting down the tunnel as fast as they could move trough the muck of the sewers. That's when they saw the first ones. Huge rats! They were as big as a man's arm. Red eyes glowing in the dark and yellow, nasty teeth snapping, looking for fresh flesh.

Yoral pushed herself forward, too scared to think of doing anything else. Unfortunately she was also too scared to notice the rat in front of her. It leapt straight at her, she had no time to react, and her body froze. Luckily Rikahn had seen it and pushed Yoral to the side in time to bring the sword down, chopping off creatures head. The two pieces fell into the water with a loud splash.

Two more loud splashes caused him to turn around, just in time to see two rats leaping out of the water at him. With an equal number of sword strokes those too were in the water dead. A fourth surprised him on his right and he barley managed to get out of the way. He winced as some of the claws cut deeply into his right shoulder. He turned just in time to see a ball of black light strike the rat a few feet away from him. The rat then seemed to explode from the inside.

Rikahn looked over at Yoral who was holding her staff out in her right hand. The fear that was in her was now gone. Her instincts had taken over and now she was ready to kill as many of these things as needed. That was good because one was leaping at her from behind. 

Rikahn shouted in warning, and Yoral quickly spun. She swung her staff as soon as she saw her target. The jewel flared bright red as she struck the rat in the head. The blow sent the rat sprawling, its head exploded on impact sending pieces flying in the same direction the body was. After the rat hit the water they moved so they were standing back to back, weapons at the ready. But the sound of the rats squeaking was gone.

Yoral glanced down the way that they had been going. About a half a mile down she saw a doorway. Through the door she could make out the form of a stair case. The reason she could make it out was because there was a faint white light illuminating it.

"Rikagn, daylight," she whispered.

"Go...go...," Rikahn said urgently.

Yoral looked back to where he was looking, and in the darkness saw what seemed thousands of little red lights. She realized in a split second that they were little red eyes. At the same instant the sounds of the dire rats returned. 

They bolted down the tunnel once more, not daring to slow or look back. Not even as the sound of the creatures got closer and closer. In moments they were through the opening and running up the stairs. It was not until they were halfway up that they noticed the sounds of the rats grow fainter. They stopped as they realized that the rats weren't coming into the light.

They had already gone up about the same distance as a one story building. They saw that they had about the same distance to go and went to it. Their bodies were sore and tired from the escape from the sewers but they forced it down. They were almost out and wanted to breathe fresh air again. They reached the top of the stairs and entered into a small shack. Its walls and roof were cracked and had big holes in it. The entire area was covered in dust. There were sets of maintenance tools that littered the ground. It was obvious that no one had used this place in a while.
