 So here we go with the next chapter. Thanks to those who gave me feedback. I hope you like this next chapter as well. Have fun!



Rikahn and Yoral stared as the woman drew closer to them. Not only were they captivated by the fact that she was walking on top of the water but also of how beautiful she was. She was easily one of the most, or if not the most gorgeous women that they had ever seen.

The woman's facial features were that of someone in their early thirties, but her skin was as soft and smooth as that of one that had barely reached womanhood. Her silver hair spread wide as her shoulders and fell to the bends of her knees, straight and soft as silk. Her eyes were silver color as well, and when she looked at you it was a gentle look but also a penetrating one as well. It was as if she were looking into you soul.

The woman wore a skirt made of a silver silk with a few slits cut into various areas revealing the long legs underneath. Not that they were needed much for it was a little sheer and you barely see the skin underneath. She wore nothing over her chest except for a scarf over her shoulders, which she had wrapped around her crossed arms and draped over her bountiful breasts. Her huma looking ears were pierced with diamonds that dangled from small gold chains.

"Do not be afraid my children," the woman said. "I am the one who invited you here. You have nothing to fear from me."

The woman was on the edge of the shore now holding still and letting them look at her. The two lovers noticed something that they had missed earlier. Around the woman's neck was a silver necklace. Dangling from the end was a pair cylinder crystals swirling together. One was white and the other was black. They both felt as though they had seen it before.

"By the...!" Yoral exclaimed as she dropped the blanket and started to shift. She kneeled and bowed her head and brought up her hands in a prayer gesture. "My lady Mithriosa!"

Riakahn did a double take before folling suit, kneeling, bowing his head and placing his right hand over his left bicep. He realized that's where he saw the symbol. In Mithriosa's temples and cities, as well as the back of Yoral's cloak. It was the symbol of the creator goddesses.

"Do not be so formal with me children," they heard the goddess say. "Raise your heads so that you may look at me."

They did so seeing now that she stood only a few feet away. She smiled as they looked at her. She gave off a powerful aura of beauty, peace, and love that they would be able to feel from miles away.

"Mithriosa, we are honored by your visit tonight," Yoral said. She suddenly remembered that she was naked and drew the blanket back up around her body. "Thank you for inviting us to this holy place."

"You are quite welcome child, and no need to be so modest around me," the goddess replied to the elf. She looked at Rikahn who still sat amazed at who he was looking at. "Are you surprised at my visit Rikahn?"

Not at all my lady," Rikahn said sarcastically. "I am visited by beautiful, half naked goddesses who walk on water all the time."

Rikahn bit his lip, whishing he hadn't just said that. Yoral rolled her eyes in disgust. To both of their surprise Mithriosa let out a small giggle.

"Rikahn, you are a funny man," Mithriosa said. "You are also a very brave man. To risk your life to save someone your barely know is one of the bravest deeds. I would call upon that bravery and ask of you a favor."

This caught the huma by surprise. The goddess was asking for his help? What could he possibly do for her? Whatever it was though, of course he would try to help.

"My lady, please sit and tell me how I can help you," Rikahn motioned at the other half of the blanket.

Mithriosa nodded and moved to the offered area to sit. The lovers scooted together until she was situated and comfortable. She smiled at them again before speaking.

"Before I start, what do you know of mine and my sister's daughters?" Mithriosa asked.

"Your daughters?" He repeated. "Not much I'm afraid."

"You each have two," Yoral spoke. "One for each of the four elements. Each is in charge of keeping their element in balance with the others."

"That is correct Yoral," the goddess smiled more. "They are known to the races as the elemental mistresses. Rochelare of earth, Allehorrah of wind, Flandra of fire, and Aqualina of water."

Mithriosa's smile fadded and turned into a frown. A small tear ran down her cheek. Rikahn and Yoral were shocked. The goddess of love and peace was crying. Something in the world must be terribly wrong for this to be happening.

"Our daughters are in danger," she spoke after wiping her tears away.

"What?" Yoral's eyes opened wide. "But how? From what?"

"The Morhoron Empire," the name stabbed into Rikahn's and Yoral's hearts like a knife. "I don't know how they have done it, but they have somehow stolen our daughter's powers."

"No... it can't be," Yoral was in shock.

"The king of the Morhoron is a man by the name of Cord. He is a dark warrior of great power. He is the leader but not the one who is responsible for it. It is his queen, Mallorah. A worshiper of demons, she is a master of dark magic. Somehow they trapped my daughters and they are siphoning their powers from them. Everyday the misuse these abilities the world becomes more unbalanced. If it continues much longer the world will be torn apart.

"As you may know, I and my sister have forbid ourselves from interfering with mortals. We can not use our powers against them. We can only protect them. Otherwise we would have put a stop to this ourselves."

The Morhoron Empire was just another kingdom till a few years ago. That was until it started invading its neighboring lands. The armies were massive, numbering in the millions. No one knew how they amassed such a great army in such a very short time.

"This explains a lot," Rikahn said rubbing his chin. "But I still don't see how I can be of much help."

"The reason I have come to you is because of your lineage," Mithriosa said looking him in the eye.

"My lineage?" he said not understanding at first. Then he placed his right hand over the sword tattoo and frowned. "My lineage is dead my lady."

"What are you talking about?" Yoral asked, confused at this point.

Mithriosa moved closer to Rikahn so that she was kneeling right in front of him. She placed her right hand over the one on his chest. Her touch was warm and pure.

"As long as one of you is still draws breath your lineage will never be dead...," Mithriosa paused for second before finishing. "... Master of Blades."

Master of...,?" Yoral stopped herself as the realization hit. "Rikahn!? You're a Weapons Master? But weren't they all...?"

"Massacred," Rikahn finished. "By the Morhoron."

"I am sorry for what happened to your people Rikahn," the goddess started. "But they were not attacked to be conquered. They were attacked out of fear."

"Fear?" Rikahn was the one that was confused now.

"There is a prophecy," Yoral started after a short pause. "It says that when the world is on the verge of chaos a Weapon Master will appear. He will go on a quest against the chaos. If he succeeds balance will be restored. If he fails the world will be lost to darkness forever."

"Correct Yoral," Mithriosa nodded.

"Are you saying that I'm this chosen Weapon Master?" Rikahn asked Mithriosa.

"I would ask you to go to Boisal and speak with a man named Wateel," she replied. "He knows the most of this legend. He has also been researching what is happening to my daughters and nieces. If it turns out that there is something that you can do, I would also ask for you to help them please."

Rikahn looked at Yoral as she stared back at him. What could he do to stop an entire army? Nothing from what he knew. But what if there was a way to stop them? The goddess thought that there was a way. He knew his answer before he even made up his mind.

"Whatever I can do to help I will my lady," he said looking back at Mithriosa, whose eyes widened. "I vow to you that I will do everything in my power to save your daughters and restore the balance."

"Thank you so much Rikahn," she was smiling again. "This makes me so happy. But do not think that you will be able to do this alone. You will need companions to help you. For tonight though rest, and Yoral, try not to be jealous."

"Jealous of what?" Yoral asked.

Her answer came when Mithriosa cupped the back of Rikahn's neck and pulled him lightly into a kiss. Yoral's eyes opened in shock as their lips met. Rikahn was shocked as well... for about a second and then started to kiss back. Lips parted to allow tongues to explore. Mithriosa broke the kiss about after several seconds which seemed like an eternity to Rikahn.

"Your... welcome...," he trailed off. His eyelids closed and he fell onto his back completely asleep.

Before Yoral could even think about about checking on Rikahn, Mithriosa was in front of her. The goddess leaned forward and pressed her lips against Yoral's. Yoral was surprised for a second and then she too found herself kissing back.

Yoral's hands opened letting the blanket slip from her fingers and fall into a pile in her lap. She felt Mithriosa's scarf fall from the goddess's shoulders and soon their breasts were pressed together as they kissed, nipples rubbing against one another's. They embraced each other, hands running across each others shoulders and backs. When Mithriosa broke the kiss Yoral tried to move her head forward to kiss the goddess's soft lips even more. But Mithriosa only put a single finger on the elf's lips.

"Sorry child," Mithriosa spoke. "There is no time for anything else. For now you must rest."

Yoral suddenly felt sleepy. Her eyelids closed slowly. She softly fell back and was asleep before she even hit the ground.

***

The dark sorceress Mallorah, queen of the Morhoron, stood next to the window, set in the northern wall of her bed chambers. The beautiful huma woman looked like she had lived for merely twenty nine years when in fact it had been much longer. Her eyes, red as blood, with pupils as dark as night, scanned the horizon watching as the sun set. A wind blew through her, waist length, curly blond hair and practically naked body. The nipples on her well endowed breasts began to harden. They were pierced with small hoops. A small chain, which connected to both of the hoops, hung with a little slack.

She wore another chain around her narrow waist as well. Two silky black cloths were connected to the chain and hung in the front and the back to about a little short of her knees. They were just for decoration, for they were so sheer that you could clearly see her trimmed pubic hair shaped like a triangle, her closed pussy lips, and her shapely ass cheeks.

Mallorah sniffed at the wind as it glided over her body. She sensed something... wrong. Something conspiring against her and her lord. Their plans were in danger. But from what? And from who?

The sorceress let the question drop and turned her gaze to the castle gates. Her lord's garrison was returning from the front lines of battle. Emperor Cord had been gone for nearly two months now. How she had missed him so. The servants had kept her 'company' but no one could 'measure' up to her lord.

The queen turned and looked over her very spacious bed chamber. Her large circular bed was set against the southern wall, with a bedside table on its right and black satin curtains that hung from the ceiling around it. A water basin set on a pedestal sat along the western wall. The door way into the room was in the middle of the eastern wall. Various exotic tapestries littered the walls. A giant circular fur rig sat in the middle of the room.

Mallorah walked over to the bedside table and poured some wine from the bottle that was sitting there, into one of the two glasses that was there as well. She drained it quickly and then laid herself onto the bed. She situated herself so that she could look over at the entrance to her chambers. Her lord would be walking through that door soon.

Mallorah's skin began to tingle in anticipation of Cord's arrival. She started to rub her hands across her chest and lower torso. They drifted across the pubic hair and she felt her pussy start to tingle with excitement. She was getting turned on so much that she couldn't help herself.

The queen's hand slid down and between her legs and began to rub. The silk cloth began to caress her pussy lips as the hand slid across the fabric. He eyes rolled back and she began to moan lightly. She felt her insides become moist and hot, and heard the sloshing sounds of the tight folds as they moved against each other.

"I feel jealous of those fingers," Mallorah's eyes shot opened and went to the door to find her lord there.

Cord was a huma who stood about seven feet tall. His light brown skin glowed in the candle light. A mane of scruff red hair fell to his mid back. His grey eyes stared at the woman who lay before him. Though nearing forty had the build of a great warrior in his late twenties. He had on a decorative silk button up shirt, which he wore with the buttons undone, as well as a pair of leather leggings. Mallorah's eyes fell on the bulge running from his hips to the middle of his right leg as he walked from the door to the bedside table.

"Do not be jealous my lord," she said as he reached the table and poured himself a drink. "They only prepare me for you."

"Is that so?" He asked after taking a drink and turning to the bed. He stood at the edge looking down at his queen.

"Besides," Mallorah started swinging her body and scooting herself to the edge of the bed so that her face was level with Cord's waist. "It looks like you were enjoying the show."

"Ha," he smiled. "Maybe you should 'prepare' something else."

Mallorah immediately moved her mouth to Cord's bulge as soon as he said that. She began to lick and suck on the bulge through the leggings. Her right hand slid up his left leg to the tie string at the top of his pants and began to undo it. Cord's cock sprang into view as Mallorah pulled the tight pants down.

The queen waited until her lord was out of the leggings and then grabbed a hold of it. She touched the tip of her tongue to the tip of his cock, licking it for a few seconds before wrapping her lips around it. She sucked the head a few times before releasing it and sliding her mouth and tongue down the shaft to his balls. As she attacked his ball sack Cord finished the last of his drink and set the empty glass of the table. He pulled off his shirt and tossed it on the floor next to his leggings. 

The woman's mouth left the balls and traveled back up to the tip. As her king ran his fingers into her golden locks her mouth slipped back over the head of his dick. She easily engulfed most of his nine inches having done so many times before holding him there when only about an inch was left out.

Mallorah knew Cord loved the feeling of his dick in her throat. Sure enough he started to grunt and moan at the feeling. She released him gasping as he did, and after a few gulps of air she was on him again, taking him to the base. She didn't hold it but started to bob up and down on his cock.

"Yes! Like that!" He yelled as she sucked his cock. "Damn! It's so good!"

Mallorah let go of him after a few moments breathing heavily. She took a deep breath before sucking his dick down to the base again and holding. Cord's cries and grunts became louder as she held him. She could tell that he was close to coming.

The sorceress let him go to catch up on her breathing and then went after him again bobbing on his dick. She was going to keep sucking until he came this time. She could feel that he was close. Could feel him fighting the feeling. That he was fighting to keep himself from coming. It was their game.

Cord's teeth clenched. He felt his muscles begin to tighten. He felt the fire build in his balls and begin to move. She was going to win their little game, but he wanted to last as long as he possibly could. Which was only for a few seconds.

Mallorah slipped the cock from her mouth just as Cord's dick began to twitch. She mouth opened just in time to receive the first glob of cum as it shot from his cock. She swallowed as soon as it hit the back of her throat, then opened her mouth back up to receive the second, third and fourth shots which all landed on her tongue in her mouth. She gave the head a few more licks and sucks taking the last of the drops as they leaked out from it. The queen slipped her tongue back into her mouth, swirling the cum around before gulping it down. She then opened her mouth to show her king.

Cord smiled as he knelt on the floor in front of his queen. His lips found her neck and his hands roughly grasped her breasts. She began to moan slightly as he rolled and squeezed hardly on the luscious mounds. His lips left her neck as he situated himself so that they could find her nipples. He bit down on her right breast lightly extracting a small squeal from her.

Cord stayed there for several moments, switching back and forth between the queens breasts, before gently, but forcibly, pushing her back. His face fell onto her stomach, his tongue dating into bellybutton before starting to trial down her body. The queen's hips began to buck slightly as his lips reached her nether areas, traveling across the thin fabric covering her.

Cord heard Mallorah gasp as he began to kiss the inside of her thighs. He was slow and delicate, kissing all around the sensitive areas without touching them. It was in part to arouse her more and to tease her as much as possible as well. It was another one of their games. He gave her pussy lips a quick kiss through the thin fabric of her cloth before pulling the useless garment to the side.

Mallorah's pussy glistened with her juices. Cord smiled at the sight before pressing his lips against the tight folds giving them a quick kiss. He pushed his tongue out slowly drawing it up between her wet lips extracting a long groan from his queen.

Cord smiled. Quickly he found Mallorah's clit and began to flick his tongue furiously over it. She moaned and gasped when he began to suck on the ball.

"Yes m'lord!" Mallorah gasped. "Right there! Don't stop! Keep going!"

Cord quickly pushed two fingers into the soaking hole and started to quickly push them in and out. His queen began to buck her hips into them as he did, moaning louder still. He knew that she was near her orgasm and increased the pace of his tonguing and fingering.

"Yes my love," the queen cried. "I'm there! I'm going to cum!"

Mallorah screamed as she came. Her body shook and her pussy convulsed around the intruding fingers. Cord pulled them out as her orgasm ran through her, sucking on them after they did.

The king didn't wait for his queen's body to calm down before he got up on his knees next to the edge of the bed, grabbed her left leg and put it over his shoulder, and then and then positioned the head of his once again rock hard cock at her entrance. He smiled wickedly at her when he heard her pleas for him to wait and to let her calm down, but he requests were denied. In a single thrust he buried his cock to the hilt in her still twitching pussy.

Mallorah cried out as she felt Cord's hard dick enter her. He didn't give her any time to recuperate or adjust and began thrust himself in and out of her tight hole. Since she was still coming down from her last orgasm it only took a few moments for her to come again. Even then the king refused to listen to her pleas and sent her into multiples from his nonstop pounding.

By the time Cord did stop he and his queen were drenched in sweat and breathing heavily. The only reasons he had stopped was because he needed to catch his breath and also his knees hurt from kneeling on the floor. He climbed onto the bed as his queen began to calm herself and knelt next to her head.
