 Author's note: Thank you everyone who has read this series and begged and pleaded for me to come back to it. When I first started writing this series I was still discovering what I enjoyed about erotica. With that said, my writing style and interests have changed. The cock size will be reduced as I am not a fan of ginormous dicks, Rikahn and Cord will still be a solid eight though. Also, expect some futa, beast and demon sex elements in the future... maybe a bit of incest too. I hope you enjoy!

***

Yoral lay on her back as Mira lay on top kissing her passionately as both of their hands roamed each other's body with later straddling the former's waist. As soon as they had entered her tent, the elf had been pulled into the makrat's arms and a heavy standing make out session ensued until the former pulled the latter over to the furs on the floor. The two lovers stayed there for several minutes, lips and bodies locked together.

"Well I think someone missed me," Yoral said after breaking the kiss and looking at her lover.

"You don't understand how worried I was," Mira whimpered, her eyes tearing up a little. "I thought I had lost you."

"It's ok my sweet kitten," Yoral caressed her lover's face. "I'm fine. I'm here with you right now."

"You better not fucking do that to me again," Mira smiled before letting her lips fall back to the elf's.

After another few seconds Mira gripped the bottom of Yoral's top and pulled it up as the elf lifted her arms. She lowered her lips then, taking one of her lover's nipples into her mouth, making Yoral moan at the pleasure especially when the makrat's feline teeth kept nibbling and scraping against them. And as she went back and forth between the two nipples, Mira gripped and massaged the elf's bountiful breasts.

Yoral gasped as Mira suddenly bit down light on one of her nipples and pulled before releasing it with a pop and making her tit jiggle. She let out a playful growl before taking the kitten's face in her hands and pulling her back up for another kiss. As they did the elf's hands went to Mira's shirt and started pulling the tunic off. The makrat sat up and pulled it off, tossing it to the floor, giving the elf a few seconds to take in her body.

Mira was much smaller and more petite then Yoral, though she only a single cup size smaller than the elf. While most of her fur was orange the fur of her breasts, down to her stomach, abs and pussy mound was pure white. The elf smiled before pulling her down to resume the kiss for another few minutes, letting the breast and nipples mash against one another's. After a while Yoral pushed her up while bending her head down to take one of the kitten's nips into her mouth, getting a measure of revenge by nibbling softly on one of the Kitten's hard buds extracting a soft hiss.

Mira broke away from Yoral, sliding down and giving her another quick kiss before sliding down even more, leaving a trail of kisses on the elf's skin as she did. She gripped the bottom of Yoral's pants, pulling them down as her lips went over the elf's belly button. The makrat paused for a second taking in the sight of the elf's cunny as Yoral spread her legs, folds glistening in the feint torchlight.

Mira smiled at her lover before lowering her mouth and giving Yoral's pussy a lick from hole to clit, making the elf gasp as she gave the pleasure button a little hard flick. The elf moaned loudly as Mira gave another lick, and then another, dipping her tongue deeper into the sweet folds with each lick. Soon she focused on the clit, letting her tongue dance over it before sucking it into her mouth.

Yoral gasped as Mira attacked her clit, letting her hands start to slide through the makrat's red hair. Mira purred at her lover's attention and smiled before placing her paws on the elf's spread thighs and then using her thumbs to spread Yoral's cunny open further. She licked her lips before pushing her tongue deep inside, and starting to pump it in and out.

"Oh goddess Mira!" Yoral gasped as she felt her climax approach. "You do that so well... oh goddess. Gonna cum!"

Yoral's body began so shake, and just as she was about to crest over the top, Mira slid her mouth back to the elf's clit and shoved a pair of fingers inside, pumping them in and out out. The elf sucked in a breath before clasping a hand over her mouth and screaming into it, her body shaking as she came. The makrat lowered her mouth just as the elf began to squirt, drinking down the juices as they gushed from the elf's pussy.

"Mmm, always so tasty," Mira said as she slid back up Yoral's body, pressing her lips against the elf's.

"Oh Mira, that was so good," the elf said eagerly returning the kiss. "I think I should pay you back for that."

"Well I was hoping that...," Mira blushed a bit before rubbing Yoral's mound a little right above the elf's clit.

"Oh I see," Yoral gave Mira a knowing look. "Get in position you frisky feline."

Yoral gave Mira's ass a playful slap as the makrat slid off her and pulled her bottoms off. She got on her hands and knees, lifting her tail and exposing wet cunny to the elf as she got behind her. Yoral knew what her lover wanted, but decided to tease her a bit by pushing a pair of finger's into Mira's cunny. She pumped them in and out a few times, making the makrat moan loudly, before bring them to her lips so she could taste her lover's juices.

"Please Yoral," Mira whimpered. "Fuck I'm so wet... please I need it. Don't tease me anymore..."

Yoral smiled before making a few gestures with her hands and fingers while chanting a quick incantation. Her hand suddenly began to glow with a soft blue light which she smiled at before letting her fingers caress her groin right where her pubic area was at. The magic flowed against her skin, caressing her cunny and clit while she circled her fingers together like she would a cock. Just as she did a blue shaft of translucent light began to emerge from her pubic area, extending out till about seven and a half inches before it started to shift and mold itself until it was in the form a clear blue cock.

Yoral smiled satisfied at the length and girth of her new magic 'cock'. She wrapped her hand around it, feeling its hardness and giving it a soft stroke, moaning softly as the magic sent a jolt of pleasure over her clit. She bit her lips before rubbing the head against Mira's cunt lips, giving the mikrat a tease as well. She pushed back, trying to force the magic dick inside her, but Yoral pulled away when she did, giggling slightly.

"Oh goddess Yoral, please don't tease me!" Mira whimpered looking back at her lover. "Please fuck meyaaahhhh!"

Yoral silenced the mikrat's pleas by gripping her hips and pushing the magic cock into her lover's pussy. Mira was so wet and ready it slipped in with ease, offering little resistance till the elf was bottomed out inside the kitten's kitty. Yoral immediately gripped Mira's hips and started working herself in and out of her lover's cunt, the lewd sounds of sex filling the tent. The mikrat was already close so it didn't take long till she came, crying out and making the elf giggle.

"Oh goddess yes!" Yoral said with a smile as she felt an extra jolt of pleasure from the clamping of Mira's cunt. "That's a good girl... cum all over my magic cock... it feels so good."

Yoral's hips were now smacking against Mira's ass with each thrust, as she tried to make her lover come again. Every inch of the magic cock that slid into the mikrat's silky wet cunny sent jolts of pleasure across the elf's own cunny lips and clit. She could feel her own orgasm building from the sensations and knew the magic would send a big jolt through them when she finally reached her peak. She wanted to get the kitten right to the edge and have the both go over together.

Yoral fought off her climax with everything she could muster, fucking Mira for several minutes before the mikrat yelled that she was about the cum again. The elf gritted her teeth, thrusting and resisting until she felt her lever start to tense from the start of an orgasm. Yoral let go herself, her body crashing over the edge just as Mira did. The magic sensing the elf's orgasm exploded between the two, the pleasure magic pushing their orgasm even higher until both were crying out in pure ecstasy.

Yoral and Mira collapsed in a head on the furs, their bodies still shaking with their orgasms. The magic cock had dissipated but the magic still remained, sending small jolts of pleasure here and there, bodies tingling with sensations. Soon once their bodies had recovered enough they embraced once again, mouth still hungry for each other despite their bodies being exhausted. They made out for a few more minutes before Mira spoke up.

"You let Rikahn bed you while you were away," Mira said it as a statement while leaning over her lover who was laying on her back.

"How could you tell?" Yoral asked while smiling with a slight blush.

"I could smell his scent on you," Mira said said with a knowing smile. "Also, I could taste his seed inside your pussy."

"I hope you're not going to get all jealous," Yoral said knowing that she wouldn't but still asking the question jokingly.

"Of course, how dare he try to steal you away from me?!" Mira said catching the joke and pretending to be upset. "But seriously is he as good a lover as they say?"

"One of the best I've had," Yoral said remembering her time with the huma. "Even though I initiated it, he was still eager and read me well. He knew I need gentle lovemaking and not a hard fuck, though next time I think I'm going to see how rough he can get."

"Oh going back for seconds huh?" Mira asked while she started to get up from the furs and started gathering her clothes.

"And thirds and fourths," Yoral giggled.

"I want to watch you two sometime, that would be so hot," Mira smiled back. "But for now, we should probably be getting ready."

"You're right," Yoral said grabbing a fresh set of robes that matched the first set. "I want to be at the meeting Rikahn is putting together."

"Oh, that smitten with him huh," Mira jabbed as she finished getting dressed.

"I might be, but the meeting has nothing to do with it," Yoral sighed. "Let's just say there have been some revelations to what we are facing in this war."

***

Rikahn waited with Goran, saving a spot for Yoral in the command tent. It was a long rectangular room with a center table for generals and lieutenants, and had chairs arounds the edges for all the lower commanders. Today wouldn't include all of them, he would be addressing only the four top generals. He polished off his ale, setting down his empty pint next to Goran's who had just polished off his fifth. Goran looked over at him and gave a little chuckle.

"Would like that in a baby bottle huma?" The dwarf said before breaking out in laughter.

Rikahn gave a little chuckle before grabbing both tankards, walking over to the barrels and refilling them. He set them down before clinking cups with the dwarf and starting to drink. He finished his second, deciding to wait to give his debrief before dinking anymore. Goran had just finished his seventh when the tent flap opened up and a huma commander walked in.

Rikahn stood, eyes narrowing at the huma that had just walked in, with a pair of escorts following right behind him. The man was about the same age Rikahn though that was the end of the similarities. Where Rikahn's hair was long and red, this man's was short and dark complimented by a short chin goatee. He was much shorter too, standing close to a foot shorter. He wore shiny new officer's armor, never having seen a real battle in his life. He hadn't earned his commission as others like Rikahn had, instead having high his class family and money help him get to his command. On top of it all, he hated the fact that they both ranked the same as well.

The two cronies with him were his childhood friends or lackeys as everyone else called them. One was a very round a chunky man, though Rikahn knew that he had power in his arms which held a heavy spiked mace. The other lithe and skinnier, held his shield and light rapier at the ready.

"You have a lot of nerve Rikahn," the man said as he lowered his hand to grip the hilt of his weapon that was still secured in its sheath. "I warned you what would happen."

"You're going to have to be more specific Karnah," Rikahn replied letting his hand fall to his own blade as Goran moved to stand next to him, a pair of finely crafted dwarven axes held firmly in hands. "I do believe I piss you off quite often."

"I warned you what would happen if you went after that... 'elf'," Karnah spat, not bothering to hide his racism. "I told you that if you did, and you made it back I would personally clap irons on your wrists."

"I do remember that," Rikahn said before lifting his sword and pointing it at the trio. "I also remember me saying that I would like to see you try."

"As do I," Goran said dropping back readying his weapons.

"Take them!" Karnah said stepping back and letting his men step forward, the stocky one facing Goran, the skinny one advancing on Rikahn.

"EVERYONE STAND DOWN!" A voice bellowed as a tall very well defined man stepped forward.

Rikahn and Goran followed the command immediately while Karnah's lackeys hesitated a second before doing so as well. The man stepped forward and pushed his way past the three men to stand in front of Rikahn. He stood there for a keeping Rikahn's gaze before extending a arm which Rikahn clasped. He smiled before speaking.

"Glad to see you're still breathing Rikahn," the man said shaking his hand.

"Likewise General Groah," Rikahn said giving a short nod.

Groah stood a little taller than Rikahn, broad shouldered and in peak warrior condition. The only thing that betrayed that would be his silver grey hair, which was braided next to the side burns, and white full beard. He wore a steel breast plate, chinks and scratches signaling its use. A large long sword was strapped to his back as well, which Rikahn had seen him wield with much proficiency.

"I seem to have a problem though with Karnah wanting to arrest me for some crime," Rikahn said with a shrug.

"That's strange," Groah said turning back to stare at the other man. "I could have sworn I told him that he was not going to do that."

"He deserted his post!" Barked Karnah.

"No he embarked on a rescue mission," Groah turned and started to glare. "If you refute that you make a claim against his honor." 

"You're damn right I do!" Karnah spat. "He is nothing but a low born dog!"

"If that is so then he has the right to trial by sword," Groah said with a smile as Karnah flinched. "Meaning you two would cross swords. And with allegations this strong I would not allow a stand in."

"And what I gladly invoke if you dare insult my honor Karnah," Rikahn said picking up his blade and watching as Karhan took a step back as realization came over him.

"I... uhh... I mean, would shouldn't be so hasty," Karnah said with his voice shaking. "Maybe I might have overreacted a bit."

"Then you are dismissed Karnah," Groah said still smiling.

Karnah hesitated for a moment before scowling at Rikahn once again, and turning to leave. He shoved his way past his cohorts before storming out of the tent. Rikahn, Goran and Groah started laughing out loud once they knew he was gone. Then they all poured another drink to have a toast.

"Does that little shit have no spine at all?' Goran asked before starting to chug.

"Never been in a fight without the odds stacked in his favor," Rikahn said with a sigh. "Been that way since the academy."

"So the answer is no," Goran said slamming his empty tankard onto the table. "No spine, and tiny pebbles for balls too... HAHAHA!"

"So what is so important that you needed to summon me?" Groah asked.

"Let's wait till everyone else arrives," Rikahn said polishing off his pint.

They didn't have to wait long as the other generals walked into the tent. First was the elven general, a male named Mashka, dressed simply in a pair of loose green cloth breeches and a bright blue cape tied about his neck. He looked like he had just been roused from bed as he would usually have on his leather armor and breeches. It was getting a little late, maybe he had been trying to retire early.

Second was the drwaven general, a female named Boriehl, who as most dwarves was always dressed in their armor, hers was an ornate set of full plate. She had forgone her helm though, allowing her shoulder length, blond hair to hang freely. She had a single braid in dwarven style down the middle that fell to her backside as well. Normally when she was out and about she could also be seen carrying a large hammer but at this moment she was without it. Still she looked every inch the warrior, capable of beating down any challenger.

Last was the Mikrat general, or the closest thing they had to one. Her name was Shiedel, her slight pure black furred body was covered head to foot in leathers. She had a short sword sand long knife trapped to her hips and usually carried a short bow into battle as well, but it was absent for the moment. Her eyes a light green eyes scanned those that were gathered already before she took her seat. 

A few more people were with each general, attendants and advisors mostly. They waited until Yoral and Mira entered, the elf taking a seat next to Rikahn while the mikrat sat on her other side. After food and drinks were gathered, a short toast to the returning heroes was made before Rikahn stood up and started to address them.

"Generals," Rikahn started. "Together our races have been fighting against the Morhoron for several years now. Their army, seemingly coming from out of nowhere, has decimated all the southern lands and continues to push north. I have learned the dark secret behind their sudden rise of power. I don't expect you all to believe me, but if it helps, Yoral was there through it all as well."

Rikahn went through the story, starting with the rescue, the escape through the sewers. No one was surprised to hear that they were a nest for dire rats. Then about them fleeing through the woods, and eventually them coming to the clearing. He of course left out the part of them making love, but then detailed their encounter with the creator goddess Mithriosa, which had people's eyes bulging out of their sockets. He finished with their warning, revealing his true identity which he had kept hidden and detailing the task ahead of him. After finishing the story he bowed and sat back down.

"I'll be," Goran said with a smile. "A true Weapon's Master. No wonder it's like poetry watching you fight."

"Was it truly Her Yoral?" Mashka asked looking to the young elf.

"Yes," Yoral said with a nod. "Of that I have no doubt. I too believe in the cause of this mission She entrusted us with."

"While I and the other Generals may believe you Rikahn...," Groah said before pausing. "...convincing the higher ups may yet prove a hardship."

"And if the story is true then we don't have the time to convince them," Goran said running his hands through his beard.

"I need only one thing from you Groah," Rikahn said looking at him. "A discharge from the army. I am the one this is meant for, I need to be free to pursue this... ow!"

"You're not the only one," Yoral glared at him after punching his arm. "I will need leave as well Mashka."

"I am a mercenary Rikahn so if you think you can leave me out of some adventure you can forget that," Goran said with a smile.

"Me too," Mira said with a smile before turning to Shiedel who looked to be about to protest. "We Mikrats are freeborn. Tell my father I will go where the wind carries me."

"Of course you would remember your teachings now," Shiedel said with a sigh. "Very well. I hope you know how much your father is going to yell at me for this."
