 This text was inspired (with her permission) by the work of u/soft-n-slow of Reddit's r/gonewild. 

————— 

Part 3 

A cold wind blew through the alleyway. She shivered and pressed her hands further into the pockets of the leather jacket. Maybe still just a little too chilly for this outfit. Oh, well. She'd be warm soon enough. 

She turned right out of the alleyway and walked down the street. A SUV pulled up at the corner as she approached, right on schedule. She popped open the passenger side door. "You my ride for tonight?" she asked. 

"That's right." The middle-aged man inside the car leered at her. She opened her jacket wider to give him a better view of the goods. All she wore beneath the coat was a skimpy red bikini, the top straining to keep her assets in place, while her legs sported a pair of fishnet stockings and fuck-me heels. Not exactly the greatest fashion statement, but still the best she'd been able to cobble together on short notice. 

Her new acquaintance certainly didn't seem to mind her choice in clothing. "Come on," he said. "Get in." 

She climbed in and slammed the door shut. The vehicle pulled away from the curb. "Hey, have we met before?" she asked. "You look sorta familiar." 

"Hope not," he said. "That'd kill the whole point of this, wouldn't it?" She shrugged. "So what do I call you?" 

"Katya." 

"Katya, huh?" He smirked. "I'm Eddie. Got you booked for the whole night, right?" 

"That's the deal. You got a room somewhere?" 

"All taken care of." He turned left at the next light. Heading for the highway south towards Kingsport, probably. "Though I'm planning to stop for a drink along the way. Interested?" 

"You're the boss." 

"Glad to hear it." He stopped at a red light. "Speaking of which... so what do you say we get started here in the meantime?" 

He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock free. 

She sighed. "Fine. Just keep your eyes on the road, got it?" She unbuckled herself and shrugged off the leather jacket. 

Leaving her coat behind in the passenger seat, she crawled over the console and took him into her mouth. 

It'd been a while since she'd done this, so she tried to start out slow. She teased the head with her tongue for a second or two, then got to work in earnest, bobbing her head up and down along his shaft. (He tasted horrible. But fuck, though, she'd missed this... the feeling of a real cock between her lips...) She could get down maybe two-thirds of his shaft, she noticed, before her gag reflex started to kick in. Really should've practiced this more. It's fine, she thought. He's not gonna care... just take your time, let yourself adjust... 

"Oh, come on," Eddie said, his tone somewhere between irritation and amusement. "Put yer back into it already." He grabbed the back of her head and shoved her all the way down onto his lap, his cock pushing into her throat. 

Shit! She felt a wave of panic pass through her as she fought back the urge to vomit, mentally cursing the jackass in the back of her head. 

But at the same time... fuck, man. She'd forgotten how hot being pushed around like this got her... she could feel herself practically dripping inside of the swimsuit, a warm tingle spreading out from between her legs... 

She relaxed her neck and let him use her mouth like a fleshlight, pulling her up and down on his cock by her hair. Her eyes rolled upwards, seemingly by their own accord. She tried to focus on controlling her throat and her tongue, massaging the bottom of his shaft as he fucked her face... 

Somehow, she still got caught completely off guard when he came. She hurriedly tried to swallow it all, but a bit wound up going down the wrong pipe. She reeled back from his lap, coughing. 

"You okay there, love?" He glanced over at her with that same smug little smirk. Asshole. 

"Yah, s'rry..." Ugh, all the same, professional fail. She covered her mouth and coughed until the cum got dislodged, then swallowed a few more times. "... sorry. Been out of the game for a while." 

"It's fine. Just clean me up." He motioned towards his half-erect cock. "We're almost there." 

She nodded and leaned down over his lap again, tongue extended. Just like the song said, no rest for the wicked... 

————— 

He pulled off the highway at Wuthering and parked next to a dingy place she'd never seen before. Heathcliff's High Society & Gentleman's Club, the neon sign outside read, just below the logo of a winking cartoon cat. 

Eddie insisted on keeping his hand on her ass as they walked inside. It was a pain, but she supposed he did basically own it for the next twelve hours or so. She cast a critical eye over the darkened interior as they made their way to the bar. She'd been in worse places... barely. 

They sat at the end of the bar, away from the dozen or so drunks in residence. "What'd you want?" Eddie asked. 

"Double vodka on the rocks." As he ordered for them both, she eyed the unlit stage at the room's center. "Thought this was a strip club. Where's the strippers?" 

"They got the day off," Eddie said. "It's Amateur Night." 

"Okay. So where's the amateurs?" 

"I'm looking at her." 

She snorted. "You've got to be joking." 

"Nope." He held up a finger as she tried to object. "Hup hup. Remind me - do I or do I not have you for the night?" 

... fuck. 

She glowered at him as the bartender came by with their drinks. "Make it a triple," she said. The bartender added another shot to her glass. She slammed it down - tasted like shit, but at least it got the taste of his cum out of her mouth - then stomped off towards the backstage area to find someone to talk to. 

————— 

A while later, the generic techno track in the background cut out. The lights over the stage came on. 

She walked out onto stage with a folding chair under one arm. Already wearing nothing except her heels. 

The room went quiet. She set up the chair in front of the stripper pole and sat down, completely exposed to the audience. 

"Sorry, boys," Katya said. "I'm not much of a dancer." 

She signaled the tech guy. The music started. She spread her legs and got herself off to the sounds of the Glitch Mob with the entire room watching, the astonished drunks cheering her on the whole while. 

————— 

Okay, she had to admit - that was fun. Much more than she'd expected. Her performance complete, she sashayed backstage, still basking in the warm afterglow of all that attention (not to mention the orgasm.) The tech guy'd promised to gather up the cash the audience had thrown on stage and get it to her. That was the one thing she hadn't thought of - no G-string meant nowhere to stuff tips... 

She was about to head over to where she'd left her clothes when two hands came around from behind her and roughly groped her tits. 

"You absolute madwoman." Eddie giggled into her ear, his breath smelling like half of a distillery. She relaxed and tilted back her head, enjoying the sensation as he played with her breasts. Mmmmmmmmmhhh. "I'll admit it. I'm impressed." 

"Yeah?" She backed into him, pressing her body against his. "That mean we're out of here?" 

"Not quite." One of his hands ventured further down. "We've got some business to attend to." 

"Uh-huh. This kind of business, you mean?" She slyly reached back and stroked the obvious bulge in his pants. Inwardly, she smiled. Not that she would ever have admitted it, especially to this guy, but she'd really been looking forward to this part... time to kiss this dry spell goodbye... 

"How'd you guess? Come on." He pulled her inside the tiny backstage bathroom off to the side of the strippers' dressing room. 

They never did wind up making it to the hotel room...