 I laid back against the wall as Catrina worked her magic. Her mouth slowly moved up and down my shaft, humming slightly as she did. Occasionally, she stopped to play with the tip with her tongue, adding more pleasure to the mix. All the while, her fingers worked magic on my balls for overall enjoyment. My body responded perfectly, loving every second, but my mind was elsewhere.

Jen and I stopped talking. Her sadness turned to anger after a day and she used it to ignore me whenever I was near. She never even glanced at me while in class. I tried to talk to her, but the most I got was a few words before Catrina's magic kicked in. Then, my voice froze up and I was left slack jawed which only made her angrier. The magic even stopped my texts. Nothing I tried to send would go through. Our friends asked questions, but I have up at explaining anything by then. In the end, I was left with an aching heart.

Catrina did all she could to try and cheer me up. Not once did I blame her, but I couldn't stop her from blaming herself. But, with the rules in place, her magic was useless. So, she did the only thing she thought of and offered herself to me. I accepted. It best I could do to distract myself and the pleasure was still amazing.

I looked back down at her naked body as her tongue brought me back. Skillfully, she moved her mouth to the underside of my dick and started to massage it with her lips. At that moment, I willed myself to cum. I moaned as I covered her face and hair with my fluids until there was not a clean part on her face. She continued her work throughout, focusing on making the pleasure last. When I finally finished, she turned her attention to cleaning my cock, licking up every drop she could. Soon, I was clean and her face still covered.

"You seemed to enjoy that," she said, smiling through my spunk.

I smiled back. "I did, thank you."

As she stood up, I couldn't help but admire her nude body while she cleaned her face. Her smooth breasts and slim figure always captivated me. When she finally finished cleaning, her smile grew as she watched me. I could see through the smile, though, and knew she had thoughts elsewhere. This caused my smile to wain slightly. With a faint sigh, I stood up and stretched before reaching for my clothes.

"Is everything alright?" she asked with a tilt of her head.

"Yeah," I replied. "I just want to go for a walk. Can you turn into a book for me?"

"Alright. If you need anything, please tell me."

Then, with a simple nod, her human form was gone and her book form sat on the floor. I finished dressing and tucked her under my arm before heading outside. The weather was gloomy, but people still found ways to enjoy it. A few students lounged on the grass with friends while others took notes from textbooks. It didn't take long for my mood to turn sour, though. Every girl I'd see around made me think of Jen. No matter how hard I thought, I couldn't think of a good solution to fix things. But, I couldn't stop trying either. I cared about her before meeting Catrina and I wanted her in my life. If there was a way around the rules to be with her again, I would keep searching for it.

Quickly, I made myself unseen before I shouted to the clouds above. At least the magic helped in this regard, because people would be staring otherwise. With another grumble, I made my way across the campus to search for a distraction. Luckily, I didn't have to search too long.

Before long, I found myself walking along the campus' soccer field. Today, though, it wasn't being used for soccer. Instead, the track team was out doing laps around the goals. I stopped along the outside fence and watched them absent mindedly. They must have started recently, for they barely seemed out of breath. Their coach seemed determined to change that, though. She was a taller woman in a baggy track suit that hid her form well. Her blonde hair barely fell past her ears with her face sporting angular features. Matched with her angered expression made her incredibly intimidating. Curious, I focused to make her clothes vanish and found her body was thin. It wasn't too thin, but she clearly had little to no fat on her. Even her chest and hips were small, leaving a lot for me to desire.

Shifting my sights to the running students, I couldn't help but admire them. A pretty even mix of males and females, all of them were in tip top shape. They all wore matching, loose outfits with only a few of them really showing a body off. Of course, any outside observer would still long to know what was underneath.

A sly smile spread across my face as an idea formed in my head. I pulled out a pen from my pocket, opened up Catrina, and started to write, speaking aloud as I did.

"I wish for the track team to become hornier with each lap around the field. But, I don't want them to act on it. I just want them to feel the effects. Same with the coach."

Granted. 

"I also wish for all of them to share a locker room today."

Granted.

I held my smile as I leaned against the fence and continued to watch them run. It didn't take long for me to start noticing the effects of the wish. They all became more flushed with each step, much more than from normal running. I also saw many of the boys glancing at the girls as they ran. It was obvious to see where their eyes were drawn to as they had to keep looking away. Some of them even stumbled from time to time as their concentration waned. The girls weren't immune to the effects, either. Some of the girls slowed down slightly to right behind some of the boys while others tried to run their hormones away. All the while, the coach was watching them with a strange gleam in her eye. A few times I even saw her clench her legs together in vain. Finally, she called for a break and all of the students took a breather. It became obvious how effected they were when I started to see nipples poking through shirts and erections being hidden. Not to mention everyone seemed to have their eyes at the wrong places.

Feeling confident my plan worked, I opened Catrina again and wrote down my next wish.

"I wish they won't hide their interests in one another. If they want to look, let them make it so they enjoy the looks."

Granted. 

The change was almost instantaneous. All of them stopped trying to hide themselves and instead focused on everyone around them. The boy's erections strained against their shorts as their eyes watched every pair of breasts heave around them. At the same time, the girls enjoyed the onlookers as they stared at the tented shorts. Some even took to stretching their backs so the boys had more to ogle. Despite this, though, they still had some restraint. No matter how much they toyed to get more views, they still kept their clothes on and hands off.

I grumbled in frustration. I was hoping for more teasing than that. Maybe even some shirts removed. But, they kept enough control to deny me. In the end, I wanted more and I knew what I had to do.

With a quick flip, I opened Catrina and wrote, "I wish they would all going into their shared locker room. And I want every one of the track team to obey my commands and enjoy doing them. Including the coach."

But Ken, that is-

Before she had a chance to finish, I wrote, "I don't care. Do it." Then, I shut the book before she could respond.

I watched as the coach shouted for them to hit the showers, which all agreed to willingly. A few of them even used the walk back to strut for another look or two. I made sure to follow close by so, when the coach went in after them, I was able to catch the door before it closed. Then, I made myself visible and entered the room, locking the door behind me.

On the other side, I found an interesting sight. I've been in the locker rooms in the past, but it was drastically different than before. Because of my earlier wish, the room somehow doubled in size as it joined both the men's and women's together. The walls were still lined with lockers, but now there were many more than normally needed. There was also a large space in the center for people to use however they wished. To the side, I saw the door frame leading to the showers and noticed that that space was larger as well with many more shower heads.

Many of the students, including the coach, looked at me in surprise when I came through the door, but I waved to them casually before they could say anything.

"Don't mind me," I said to them all as I set Catrina down on an empty bench. "Just go about your business."

My words instantly calmed any of their shock and worry. The mood became relaxed as the students all sat down on the benches to catch their breaths from the run. The tents in the boy's shorts and the girls shirts didn't vanish, though. No matter how hard they wanted to, they couldn't calm their libidos.

When I noticed that none of them wanted to move, I said, "Come on guys. I'm sure you are all tired and sweaty. Go take some relaxing showers."

They all looked around slightly. Then, with a shrug from a few of them, all of them stood and started to strip. I watched as shirts were pulled off and shorts dropped down all around me. It was so casual that I was almost shocked when they all stripped off their underwear just as quickly. It didn't take long till everyone except for me and the coach were nude. Finally able to see them all in their glory, I couldn't help but admire them. It was clear how much they exercised because every one of them was perfectly fit. I barely saw any fat on them and could clearly see all the muscles instead. On top of that, their bodies were amazing in all the right places. All the girls had great chests and firm butts, though they all varied in size. All the guys sported nicely sized cocks as well, currently erect with arousal.

Many of them stared openly at one another when they finished, but said nothing as they made their way to the showers. Before they made it far, though, I spoke up again.

"Don't soap up just yet, everyone. I want you to just relax and enjoy the hot water."

Smiling, I turned my attention to the coach, who stood to the side as I talked. Her face was calm and relaxed, seemly not caring about the students she was supposed to lead.

"You seemed like you enjoyed giving the orders out there," I said to her. "I'm guessing you like being in charge. Is that true?"

"Yes," she said calmly. "I like ordering people around. It's such a rush."

I nodded. "I thought so. Well, its time to reverse that. You know all the students pretty well, right?"

"Yeah. I make sure to know them all."

"I want you to think about the most passive person among them; the person most likely to agree with everything they are told."

"That would be Angela," she said almost immediately. "She always rolls over for me."

"Good. I want you to strip and find her in the showers. When you do, I want you to stand by her and study her carefully. As you do, you will find yourself becoming more and more attracted to her. But, you won't say or do anything until I say otherwise. Understand?"

"Got it."

She simply removed all her clothes and made her way to the showers. I admired her toned butt as she walked away, but snapped back into focus when she rounded the corner. Quickly, I striped as well and joined everyone in the showers. Inside, I saw all the students stood individually under the many shower heads. Some ran their hands through their hair and across their bodies as the water enveloped them while others simply stood still under the current. In the back, I saw the coach standing close to a girl with short, pixie like hair. Her chest was small, but her nipples were large as they stood prominent in the falling water. I also noticed the coach's eyes light up as she continuously roamed the girl's slender form.

Looking around the room, I smiled as I spoke. "I want each and every one of you to find one partner of the opposite sex. Take as much time as you need, but make sure everyone is paired off. If anyone is left without a partner, come see me. You two, though," I said pointing to the coach and girl next to her, "wait right there."

I moved through the crowd of the shambling students, I walked up to the two in the back. They both looked at me waiting for me to speak, though the coach's eyes kept traveling back to the girl.

"Since the coach likes to boss people around," said to them, "I feel it's time to give her a taste of her own medicine. Angela, instead of being your passive self, I want you to be aggressive. This lovely lady here is your slave for now, so use her as you wish. Bark at her, demean her, do what you want. You are alpha here. Just make sure you enjoy every moment. And you," I said to the coach, "You will do any and everything she tells you to do. You will love every moment of it too. Now, go have fun."

No sooner than I finished speaking did Angela reach out and grab the coach by the shoulders. In one swift move, she pulled her close and kissed her deeply. It didn't take long for the kiss to turn from rough to passionate as their hands started to roam across one another. Soon, Angela's fingers were digging into the coach's butt cheeks while the coach pulled her waist close to grind against her as much as possible.

As I watched them with my increasing hard on, I felt a tab on my shoulder. I turned and saw two girls standing in front of me. Both were equally fit, but polar opposites in body. one had long, black hair tied in a ponytail that still managed to reach her neck her chest was small, I estimated it as a small B cup, but her erect nipples certainly made up for it. I also saw she was clean shaven behind the single hand draped across her pussy, her fingers itching to touch herself. The other girl had blonde hair, almost white, in a small bowl cut that barely reached below her ears. Her chest was larger than the other girls, a solid D if I was to guess, with tiny, pert nipples. She kept her arms under her chest, allowing me to see a small patch of hair just above her pussy.

"We couldn't find anyone else," the blonde girl said.

"That's alright," I said to them both. "You can just stay with me. After all, you clearly find me attractive. Now I want both of you to work together and make my dick as happy as possible."

I saw their eyes light up to my words as the eagerness filled them. Simultaneously, they knelt down and gently took ahold of my dick before working their magic. They each took turns sucking me off while the other played with my balls and watched. Occasionally, they would focus on kissing me gently on both sides, making sure every inch of me was pleasured. All the while, their free hands rubbed themselves, creating small puddles underneath them. It was the first time having two mouths work their magic on me and I was thoroughly enjoying it. It took all the effort I could muster to continue standing, but they still managed to make me moan constantly.

As best I could, I turned my concentration back to the rest of the students, who all waited patiently with their partners. I could see all of them were eager for some action of their own, as they fidgeted in place.

"I know you all want some action," I told them, "But you need to get ready first. So, I want you to each wash your partner thoroughly. Make sure to pay close attention to all of their intimate areas. Then, when you are done and washed up, go wild."

Following my instructions, everyone grabbed nearby soaps and went to work on one another. I watched as they washed each other in various ways. Some got close as they made sure to hit every nook and cranny while others even used their own bodies to rub the soap onto the other. All the while accompanied by the most intimate of kisses. It didn't take long for the moans to start as turned their attentions southward. Hands roamed across dicks and pussies alike as they pleasured while cleaning.

Then, when the last suds were washed away, all hell broke loose. Everyone jumped on their partners instantly. Some girls took their men in their mouths and sucked them off while a few boys did the same to their female partners. I even saw one pair drop to the floor and sixty-nine each other. Others skipped the foreplay completely and went straight to fucking. Some went from behind while others pinned themselves against the walls. No matter what they did, though, they all clearly enjoyed themselves.

Looking down, I saw the two in front of me had started kissing each other with my dick in between. A pool of their own juices formed beneath them as they now rubbed the other rapidly. The sight alone sent me over the edge. I willed myself to cum between their lips, which caused them to jump in surprise. Less than a second later, they both sat in front of me, taking all of my cum on their face and chests as their faces were pure ecstasy.

Then it hit me.

My face went blank as I looked at the room around me. Everyone was in the throes of passion because of my words. I drove them to this. I controlled them.

I stepped back from the two in front of me, causing them to whine slightly. But, I ignored them and focused on the room.

"I, uh," I stammered. "I want everyone to stop now. I want the girls to stand on one side and the guys on the other right now. And keep your hands to yourself."

Everyone complied instantly. It took a few moments, but soon they each stood on opposite sides of the room. All of them were still hot and bothered, clearly still wanting more. They listened to my order to stay off one another, but it didn't stop them from playing with themselves. No matter how much I wanted to, I couldn't leave them like this.

"I want you all to make yourselves cum. Use whatever visual aid you want, but don't touch one another. Then, when you are done, I want you to wash yourself completely and get dressed. Then, you are free to leave."

Without a second look, I turned and left the showers. Though, I could still hear the moans from behind me. I quickly got dressed and went over to Catrina, who still sat on the bench in book form. Inside, I found her pages filled with words talking to me. The last one read simply;

Ken, please stop.

Picking up the pen, I wrote another wish.

"I wish for everyone here to never speak of what happened here today. I want them to leave here happy with no guilt about what happened or to question why. Make it nothing more than a fond memory for them. And I wish for them to not remember me."

There was a long pause before she wrote back, Granted. 

Gently, I closed the book and left the locker room, just as some of the students were exiting the showers. I could hear them talking casually, as if nothing strange had just happened inside. I ignored it all, though, as I rushed to my room filled with nothing but guilt.