 This text was inspired (with her permission) by the work of u/soft-n-slow of Reddit's r/gonewild. 

————— 

Part 6 

"Ooh yeah yeah yeah YEAH -" Her best porn star impression trailed off into wordless moans as she bounced up and down on his cock, reverse cowgirl, nothing to distract her from the wonderful feeling in her cunt... or, at least, nothing except her own fatigue. Fuck, she was tired. She was so fucking tired. It'd been such a long night. But he'd stopped to pick up a pack of condoms on the way, complaining about what a rip-off it was when he'd only need one at best. And she'd decided right then and there - as a point of pride or spite or plain bloody-minded stubbornness - she was going to make sure they used every last one of the damned things. Just to prove that she could. 

Drool leaked down from the sides of her mouth. She could feel her legs shaking, as if they might give out at any second. Almost there, she thought. Just a little longer. She rubbed her clit desperately with one hand. Almost - so close - keep going - go - go - go - GO - 

She felt her legs spasm as she wrung one last orgasm out of her exhausted body, her cunt pulsing around him, her vision filling with stars. 

She was vaguely aware of tumbling off of him onto her side. She must have passed out for a bit, because when she opened her eyes again, she was alone in the bed. 

Glancing over her shoulder, she saw him getting dressed by the door. Ignoring her aching muscles, she forced herself onto her knees, her skin covered in spit and sweat and cum and so much more besides. "Aww, c'mon, b-baby." Her teeth actually chattered from fatigue. "You haven't used my ass yet." 

"I told you, love," Eddie said. "Got a flight to catch. 'Sides, we both know you're not ready back there." 

"Well... wanna fuck my mouth, at least?" she begged desperately. "Or maybe use these again?" She fondled her breasts, licking one of her nipples. 

"Nah. Though - hold that for a second." He pulled his phone out of his pocket. She forced a grin and held her tongue against her nipple as he took another photo. "You drained me dry, love. Didn't think it was possible, but you did it. Haven't seen a woman as thirsty as you for many a year, and that's no lie." 

(Thirsty? Is that what she was?... didn't matter what word you called it by, she decided. She needed this, needed to fuck and suck and cum, needed to be touched, needed it so goddamn bad it defied description. Like she'd been starving for years, and only realized how hungry she was the moment she took the smallest bite of fruit...) 

He tilted his head and studied her. "Though... come to think of it... maybe there is one last thing you could do for me." 

"Anything, baby." Changed his mind on getting one last blowjob, she hoped. She forced some saliva into her dry mouth - tried to get it nice and wet and ready for him. 

"I wanna hear you say it. I wanna hear you say you're a slut." 

She blinked in surprise. "Wait. So you just want me to say..." 

Eddie nodded. "Tell me you're a slut. That's it." 

She hesitated. Something about the idea felt wrong... though she couldn't really think of a reason why it would. After all, it was true, wasn't it? Objectively and all that. Sucking the cock of a man she'd just met at his command... pleasuring herself naked in front of a live audience... fucking the same stranger for hours and hours on end, eagerly letting him use her body however he pleased... 

"Well?" Eddie asked. "Go on, then." 

"I'm a slut," she said uncertainly, a note of doubt in her voice. 

"Again." 

"I'm a slut!" she said with a little more force. 

"One last time." 

"I'm a slut!" And this time, she knew it was true, straight down to her very core. 

"There ya go," Eddie said. "Own it. Be proud of it. Don't bury it. Ya do that, you'll live longer... or at least better." To her surprise - and maybe his own - he leaned in and kissed her on the forehead. She blinked again. 

He stood there for a second, looking a little embarrassed. Then he turned and left without another word, closing the door behind him. 

She sat there on her knees as Linton's footsteps grew distant. Then she finally allowed herself collapse on her back, the room spinning around her. Own it, she thought. No point in denying it. "I'm a slut," she whispered to herself. Her hand moved down her exhausted body to her well-used clit. "I'm a slut..." 

————— 

Emilia blinked groggily. Huh, she thought. What the shit was that about? Katya fucking Eddie, in an actual bed somewhere... she thought they hadn't made it to the hotel room. Just a dream, maybe?... 

She rolled out of bed, naked. She hadn't bothered to get dressed in a day or so. She'd taken the entire week off, thrown in all of her paid-time-off and few remaining sick days all at once. Not her first choice, but... there was no helping it. She was just so damned horny all the time now. She'd been up to masturbating two, sometimes three, times a day at work. She kept forgetting her soaked panties in the bathrooms afterwards, too - like part of her wanted them to be discovered, or maybe wanted someone to catch a glimpse of her exposed pussy or the gleaming butt plug in her ass beneath her skirt... 

She could feel the entire situation spiraling out of her control. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before she gave into temptation and did... something. She didn't know what exactly. Just that it'd probably end with her being fired, or at least completely humiliated. 

But... she couldn't stop herself from using the spell either. She just couldn't stop. God... what the hell was she going to do when this week was over? 

A stray thought occurred to her. What if... what if she went out and got fucked? As in, with her own body, her own pussy. Just threw herself at someone in a bar or something. She'd never actually done that before, as far as she could remember... maybe that would help? Maybe she would finally regain control of herself then?... 

No sooner did she think of it, however, that her mind rejected the possibility. No. No way. She couldn't do it the way Katya did. She could never be that confident, that relaxed... one of her exes had compared her to a dead fish in bed, to her face. And it was the honest truth. She'd never even been able to orgasm with any of them, not without resorting to a toy or something. Katya, on the other hand, seemed able to cum at the drop of a hat, with just about anyone... 

And besides, Emilia felt like shit. Just exhausted and sore all over. She was pretty sure she hadn't been sleeping well. Maybe she was even coming down with the flu or something. She dragged herself into the bathroom and looked into the mirror, noting the sunken bags beneath her eyes. 

All the same, she picked up the brush and started painting herself. She knew all the lines and sigils so well at this point, she could probably do it in her sleep. No time to lose, she guessed... Katya was waiting for her... 

————— 

Huh. So this was new. 

Blinking herself awake, Katya found herself curled up mostly naked next to a sleeping, extremely tall olive-skinned man she didn't recognize. Nothing strange about that, of course... but staying the night afterwards just usually wasn't her style. Not that she could remember very much about the previous evening... or even where the lace panties she was presently wearing had come from. 

Careful not to waken the slumbering giant - he had to be at least six foot five at minimum - she slid out of the bed and put her feet on the floor. Her legs wobbled. Oof. Whoever André here was, he'd obviously fucked the shit out of her last night. That must've been fun... pity she couldn't recall any of it. (She felt like his name started with a Z sound? Zack, maybe?) As a reward for good service, she slipped off the panties and left them by the side of the bed, then wandered off to find the rest of her clothes. 

She found her bikini top, shorts, and bodystocking scattered across the hallway outside of the bedroom. The last of those items was a new experiment. She'd accidentally torn her fishnets on a hood ornament the other day while fucking an Uber driver on top of his car. (Let no one say she didn't know how to tip.) Rather than replace them, she'd instead decided to try out a full-length netting that covered her whole body, with the exception of the crotch. Reaction inside the clubs had been positive thus far, especially once the rest of her clothes were off... 

Anyway, her leather jacket and boots were by the front door. No sign of her bikini bottom, though... wait, had she traded underwear with someone last night? She felt like that might've happened. Oh, well... guess she was stopping by the thrift shop again. See if they had anything in the right shade of red... 

Okay, clothes acquired. Next step. She could hear a shower going somewhere else in the apartment. She followed the sound to a bathroom and went inside. 

"Frances?" a male voice asked from inside of the shower. 

So much for Zack. "Nope," she answered. 

"O-oh!" He swallowed nervously. "Um... one second, okay? I'm almost done." 

"Better idea." She pulled aside the shower curtain, revealing an awkward, skinny-looking type with a shocked expression on his face, not to mention a rather obvious erection. She smiled and pulled at one of her nipples. "How about this - you share the hot water, I'll show you what I can do with these." Not up fifteen minutes and already giving a titjob - well, unless she decided to let him cum inside her mouth instead. Either way, not a bad start to the day. 

She stepped into the shower, pulling the curtain closed behind her. 

————— 

So she guessed Hindley must've found out about her little tryst with Kenneth and Nellie in the VIP room. He'd asked to talk with her in his office. Privately. 

That's how Katya wound up cuffed face down on his desk, stripped down to just her fishnets and red panties, the latter pulled down to expose her ass. She let out another exaggerated yelp as Hindley brought the belt down on her glutes once more. "Thank you, sir! I'm sorry, sir! Please punish me more, sir!" Damn, she thought in amusement. Between this guy and Nels, she was getting a real crash course in being a painslut these days... 

"So how many was that, bitch?" Hindley said. 

"Mmh, twenty, sir!" She wiggled her black-and-blue ass. "Thank you, sir!" 

"You think I enjoy doing this? You think I like bein' the bad guy here?" 

She smirked. "Yes." 

"Well, yeah, okay, true," he admitted, before spanking her with the belt again. "That's for speaking out of turn, though. Thing is, I'm a nice guy most a' the time. I try to take care a' my customers. Try to take care a' my girls." 

(That part was true, actually. Nellie had said Hindley was like the one club owner in the state who offered health insurance to his regular performers.) 

"But a crazy, slutty little thing like you... you don't want nice, do you?" He slapped her ass one last time and pulled up her panties. "You want it rough." 

"Mmmmmh." She smiled and shut her eyes, enjoying the sensation. "Guilty as charged." 

He uncuffed her from the desk and picked her up. After that barrage, she was basically putty in his hands, even without the restraints. He carried her across the room and tossed her onto a chaise lounge he had set up in the corner. She winced as she landed on her battered ass. 

"What you need," he said, spreading her legs, "is discipline. Someone to chain you down and collar you. Train you into a proper fuckdoll. What you need... is to be owned." 

Ooh, now he was really letting his kinks show. Not exactly her style, mind. But Nellie kept talking about maybe getting her a shift as a dancer here at some point... not to mention, she'd might want Hindley's cock again in the future... all in all, best to let him down gently. "Sorry, boss," she said. "I'm more of a rent-by-the-night kinda girl. Besides, what would the wife think?" 

"Oh, she's fine with it. Long as she gets to take you out for walks." He flashed her a toothy grin. "Now shut up. I'm talkin' here." 

He pulled out a ball gag from his pocket and shoved it in her mouth. Ooh. He'd definitely been talking to Nellie. They'd only recently discovered that Katya really liked being gagged. She felt her pussy flood as he fastened the straps behinds her head. 

"Now where was I?" He pushed her panties aside and started to finger her. "I'm talking about total power exchange here. I'm talking about whips and chains every night, livin' rent free on daddy's money. Goin' entire days without wearing a scrap of clothing... mebbe seein' if we can getcha some porn work on camera, so you can show off that nasty body a' yours to the whole world..." 

Yeah, not gonna happen, she thought as he rambled on. Getting tied down long-term (literally, even) just didn't feel like her. Still, she had to admit - closing her eyes and moaning around the gag as he put another finger in her - he did know how to make a compelling argument... 

————— 

Need it - need it so bad... come on, so close, need to cum, need to... Emilia shuddered as she felt herself spasm around her finger. She closed her eyes as bliss flooded through her system. One more, she thought as the darkness seemingly spun around her. One more, then back into the tub... 

————— 

The petite twenty-one-year-old shuddered and fell back against the towel, breathing hard. "Ohmigod," she gasped. "Thank you so much. You have no idea how much I needed this." 

"No problem, hon." Katya curled down on the ground next to her, smugly licking her fingers clean. They were both mostly naked on a relatively warm night, lying on a towel in a wooded copse just off of Thrushcross Street. The noise from the cars and the occasional pedestrian on the road nearby added a bit of extra spice to the experience. "Think you can go again, or...?" 

"Oh, fuck yeah. For sure." The college girl - her name was Izzy - coughed. "Just gimme a second, okay?" 

"Sure." She took the opportunity to look Izzy over again. Pale skin, raven hair, nose ring, kind of a goth look - tiny thing, though, not even five feet tall. Hell of a body, though. "So I didn't ask... what brings you all the way out here, anyway? Little far off campus, aren't you?" 

"Uggghhhhh, I hate it there so much right now." Izzy shook her head. "So it's like this, okay? I had this one roommate last year - but not, like, my only roommate, we had a quad apartment. Anyway, we were kinda into each other, but we didn't want to do the dormcest thing? But during Senior Week..." 

Well, shit. Now she'd done it. Katya inwardly sighed. Why were college chicks in this town so into pillow talk? Give them so much as a poke in the ribs, and it's like this whole reservoir of angst just came flooding out. Really need to stick to just hooking up with them in the clubs, she thought. At least that way, I can't hear them over the music... 

"... and now someone's spreading all these rumors about me! Like I'm this one Psych professor's whore, I did the bunny fuck, just all this bullshit -" 

That caught Katya's attention. "Hold on. Bunny fuck? What's that about?" 

"I don't know!" Izzy spread her hands. "It's like, everyone knows I'm mostly into girls! So why would anyone even think -" 

"No, I mean, what is it?" 

"Oh. You don't know?" Izzy gave her a puzzled look. "I thought everyone did around here. It's just this gross story. They say that if you're a girl and you need money for tuition or whatever - or if you're, like, the type who wants to brag about how many dudes you've banged - you can go to this one rich frat, Hareton House? And they'll pay you, but... well... they'll get a whole group of their guys together... they say they call it a hunting party, I guess..." 

"Uh-huh." Katya leaned closer. "And?..." 

————— 

Beneath Hareton House, the doors to the ritual chamber opened. The robed figures silently filed in, their faces hidden by ornate masks, their features cloaked by the pale green light... 

"Fuck, man." Katya burped and scratched her ass. "What the hell took you?" 

She laid sideways on a futon towards the chamber's center, naked except for the rabbit-themed half-mask covering the top part of her face. She'd been stripped down and waiting for - what, an hour, at least? Maybe two? And that's not even counting all the crap beforehand - all the forms she had to sign, contracts and NDAs and consent waivers. They'd made her fill out paperwork. To fuck. 

The basic deal turned out to be the same story she'd heard from Izzy - a couple Gs in cash to solo a so-called 'hunting party' of frat bros. As in, all five of them. At once. 

She'd talked them up to seven. 

After that, they'd brought her down here, showed her a changing room off to the side where she could leave her clothes and prep, then gave her the rabbit mask and abandoned her with a small bottle of tequila. (That last gesture, at least, she'd appreciated.) And then she waited... and waited... and waited some more. 

Shit. If she'd known it was going to be this much trouble, she'd have just as soon stuck with the regulars over at Heathcliff's. 

The foremost figure, wearing a faux-golden wolf mask, raised his hands. "Brothers!" he intoned. She recognized the voice of the bro that'd given her the forms, evidently the president or the general or the Grand Lord Privy or whatever here. "We gather in this sacred hall once more, as the initiated have done since our founding..." 

(Katya rolled her eyes. Fuck me, she thought. I was better off with Izzy.) 

"... in adherence to the most noble values of our chapter - with charity, with faith, with diligence..." 

("Hey, wait," one of the figures - wearing something that looked distinctly like something from an anime - whispered, pointing in her direction. "Isn't that -" 

"Shut it, Greenie!" the figure next to him hissed, giving him a quick punch to the arm.) 

"... and thus, in the sight of the most ancient gods, do we act to again consecrate this hall - to aid a wayward soul in need of our assistance -" 

(Blah blah blah, she thought in exasperation. Shit, dude, will you just get on with it?!) 

"- and above all else... to fuck!" The leader pulled off his robes, revealing that he wore only boxers beneath. 

It took everything she had not to burst out laughing. Long trip to get to that one, she thought. For fuck's sake. Let's just get this low-budget Eyes Wide Shut parody on the road already. 

The rest of the boys removed their robes. She examined them approvingly as they walked towards her. Young, buff, healthy, she thought, licking her lips. Mmmhh. Exactly what she'd been hoping for. 

"On your feet, little rabbit," the leader said. 

Again suppressing the intense urge to laugh, she sat up and rose from the couch. Only to stumble and nearly fall back down on her ass. Fuck, okay, she thought. Maybe drinking the entire bottle hadn't been the greatest idea ever. But she managed to stay upright. Hadn't come this far just to let a few shots bring her down... 
