 This text was inspired (with her permission) by the work of u/soft-n-slow of Reddit's r/gonewild. 

————— 

Part 8 

Months later 

Emilia sat at the reference desk. A nerdy-looking sophomore with wild hair and a fairly rubbish attempt at a beard walked up, carrying a large pile of books. "Hi," he muttered, placing them down on the desk. She noted the fairly sizable bags beneath his half-shut eyes. Too soon for exams -- some kind of big project due, probably. "Sorry -- um. I'm having trouble finding these? The circled ones? The website says they're here, though..." He passed her a slip of paper. 

"Sure." She typed in the reference numbers and pulled up a few records. Having figured out the problem in short order, Emilia turned back to the exhausted student to find him completely zoned out, staring off into space. 

Well, okay, not exactly space. More specifically, he seemed to be staring directly at her breasts. 

He seemed to realize what he was doing around the same time she did. "Oh, God! Sorry, sorry..." He put his hand underneath his glasses and rubbed his eyes, an obvious blush on his face. 

Emilia smirked. "It's fine. These are all Oversize, so you'll need to look on the first floor. Probably towards the back wall on the left -- that's usually where we keep the film stuff." 

The student sighed. "Perfect. Thank you." 

"No problem. Find 'em and go get some sleep, okay?" She winked. Muttering beneath his breath, the kid picked up his books and wandered off towards the stairwell. 

Emilia sat back in her chair, content with a job well done. 

It was amazing, really, just how much her mood had improved since she'd started fucking the students. 

Recovering and reintegrating her memories from her time as Katya had been relatively easy -- after all, she'd already seen most of the highlights. Really, the difficult part had been accepting the full extent of her own sex drive. It felt sort of like opening the door to a flooded basement, expecting maybe a half-inch or so on the floor, and instead discovering the shore of a new underground lake. What was she supposed to do with all of that? Should she try to keep going out as Katya? Could she? 

Then, about a month or so after she'd returned to work, she'd been walking through the stacks late at night when she'd stumbled upon a young Indian freshman frantically jerking himself off in the Oceanography section. The poor kid had practically jumped out of his skin when she'd snuck up on him and quietly coughed. 

"Oh -- oh God." His face went pale as he immediately covered his crotch with his hands, looking for all the world like a horrified puppy caught chewing on a shoe. "I'm so sorry -- I just lost this bet, you know? I was drunk -- I wasn't gonna --" 

"Shhh, keep your voice down," Emilia murmured with a reassuring smile. "It's okay." She glanced around. It occurred to her that the boy really had chosen an excellent spot. The area around them was completely deserted, and well away from any of the security cameras. On top of that, he was fairly cute... "How about we just keep this between the two of us?" 

The kid let out a sigh of relief. "Ohmigod, thank you so much, ma'am..." 

"In fact..." A naughty grin spread across Emilia's face. She slid down onto her knees. "Why don't I help you deal with the mess?" 

He hadn't lasted very long, of course. It'd been worth it, though, purely for the look on the kid's face when she'd deep-throated him. 

Afterwards, she'd quietly checked into her employer's HR policies. Funnily enough, it turned out that library staff weren't technically covered by the college's usual non-fraternization rules. As long as she was discreet and made sure to clean up afterwards, it seemed there was nothing to stop her. 

The main challenge, of course, had been finding partners she could trust to keep quiet. Getting in touch with some old friends had helped. She'd had more than one tryst with Izzy down in Special Collections, all of which had done wonders for the girl's peace of mind. She'd also convinced Greenie, the sophomore in the Hollow mask from the Hareton House orgy, to stay all the way past closing one night so he could take her right on top of the reference desk. (That one did require a certain amount of bother, since there was a camera pointed directly at her workstation. Fortunately, by then, she'd already made the acquaintance of a security guard willing to erase any evidence of such slip-ups in exchange for getting to use Emilia's slutty little asshole as his personal cocksleeve once in a while, an arrangement that she certainly had no objection to. They were just waiting to find an evening where they were both available and his wife was out of town.) 

Past that, it mostly just came down to a leap of faith. Where once she would have been intimidated, Emilia had discovered she now found such risks genuinely exciting, even arousing. Besides, she'd had good instincts such far -- and oh, the fun she'd had as a result. Fucking doggy-style on top of a pile of atlases in Cartography -- scissoring with a busty redhead amid the science journals... it wouldn't be long until she had a story for every section in the library. One of her favorite toys -- a senior Theater major she'd initially let take advantage of her inside of his study carrel -- had even started to introduce her to various other areas on campus. It seemed that getting a beautiful woman to cum on the college auditorium's stage before a performance had long been considered a good luck charm within the department. She'd personally helped consecrate the set of a production of Metamorphoses -- twice. (And then the lighting booth afterwards, just for good measure.) 

Speaking of the stage, her playtime had unfortunately been fairly limited recently. She'd been spending most of her nights and weekends rehearsing with Nellie. They'd finally convinced Hindley to let them put on a double act at Heathcliff's. The owner had initially balked at some of the act's content, which only technically didn't violate any state or town ordinances. He'd quickly changed his tune, though, when Emilia had volunteered to spend an upcoming long weekend with him and the missus at their vacation home on the cape. (Which reminded her, she still needed to go out and pick up a new collar for herself...) 

Just another week, and she'd make her official debut as a stripper, getting the shit dommed out of her by Nels in front of a live audience -- under the stage name of Katya, of course. The thought alone was enough to make her pussy twitch... and that was before she took into account the unofficial 'afterparty' at Kenneth's she and the regulars had planned... 

It couldn't last forever, she knew. Arkham wasn't that big of a town. Sooner or later, word would get around, both on and off-campus, and at some point she'd likely have some questions to answer. But weirdly, she found she didn't mind. The more she adapted to her own urges, the less she felt like she cared about being outed. She imagined herself being spoken of in whispers, like a myth or a legend -- the naughty, insatiable librarian, who whored herself out for fun in her free time and once did seven frat bros within the same night. It was that sense of herself as a fantasy, a wet dream, that turned her on more than anything. Who even knew how many cocks were getting hard and pussies were getting wet to the thought of her right now? How many people had she made cum without even having to meet them?... 

And besides, she didn't think she'd even have to be like this forever. Emilia could feel the intensity of her urges slowly ramping down the more she satisfied them. She might only have a bucket, but she was slowly whittling down the lake a bit at a time. She barely even needed to masturbate these days anymore. Her little 'self-care breaks' at work were a thing of the past... 

... except, of course, when she felt like doing it, just for fun. 

Things seemed quiet enough at the reference desk. She made sure to grab her phone -- her ever-growing list of friends-with-benefits loved it when she sent along pictures of herself stripping off her clothes and fingering her cunt in the stalls at work. As she headed off to the bathroom, she activated the vibrator she'd stuck inside of herself that morning and set it on low. Ooh, there we go. She walked along, humming a little tune under her breath, enjoying the buzz of the vibrator and the sensation of the butt plug shifting around in her ass with her every step. Feeling for all the world like the hottest, sexiest little slut on the entire damn planet. 

————— 

She never heard from the witch again. Though she did have a strange dream, years later, while on vacation in New Orleans. She was sitting beneath a big tree on a hill, looking down on a grassy field, next to someone who looked a lot like her grandmother, except for being larger and taller and more wrinkled and impossibly ancient and otherwise not resembling her grandmother in the slightest. 

"It's about balance," the old woman who both did and didn't resemble her grandmother said. She pecked a few keys on an aged Commodore computer sitting on the grass by her knee. Symbols appeared on a Renraku tablet hanging down from -- or, rather, growing out of -- the tree's branches. "When Eddie called in a favor, I had to make it happen. That's just how our kind does business. Little asshole probably thought he could throw me with that request, maybe even get me to break my word. Had some way figured out for him to profit from a situation like that, I'm sure. Not to mention, he would've kept the book. 

"So I tricked you into being his plaything for a night. But that meant I owed you for taking care of business for me. No matter how much you wound up enjoying yourself." The old woman shrugged. "So -- I stuck around. Let you get yourself into trouble with the spell. Then made it a teachable moment. I browbeat you into forcing yourself past whatever shit was keeping you all locked up inside. Lesson learned, debt paid." 

"All right," Emilia said. "I guess I get that. But... did you have to be such a bitch about it?" 

The old woman snorted. "I told you, didn't I? I don't do nice, dearie. Or good, for that matter. Not anymore." She shrugged again. "But when I can... I do try and play at being fair. And even that's a thankless task in this world." 

Emilia opened her mouth to ask another question, but the air around her suddenly warped and folded inwards. And the next thing she knew, she was waking up in bed next to her fiancés, the light shining through the window into her eyes as the sun rose above the French Quarter, the sounds of the city coming to life all around her.