 Note: All characters are over the age of 18.

========

The Borden Remedial School of Magic--for students aged 18 and older--was mostly for magical people who hadn't focused during their lessons. Usually they were in their mid-20s.

But it was everything that 18-year-old Emily could have wished. As one of the few students who hadn't done magic before, the lithe Korean-American found new surprises around every corner. Here: a floating clock. There: an elevator made from flying carpets. 

Her strict, traditional parents had been reluctant to let their daughter come to Borden, but after months of pleading they had grudgingly relented. Emily had never been happier.

She had been bunked in a double room with Dani. Blonde-haired, flirty and voluptuous, Dani had been born into magic. It was Dani's third year at Borden and she had been tasked with showing Emily around. 

Emily was straight of course, but she couldn't help but appreciate how beautiful the woman was. Sometimes she snuck glances while Dani changed bras, before turning away, her skin prickling with the naughtiness of it. Dani's pendulous breasts were capped with pink nipples.

"So, have you ever been to a magical party," asked Dani one night, lounging on her bed in a robe. 

"Like the midwinter dance?" asked Emily. 

"Not quite," Dani said with a mischievous smile. "Put on a dress and I'll show you."

Emily had donned a thin green dress that hugged her tight tummy and small curves. It fell just above her knee--the top plunged just enough to hint at her pert B-cup breasts. Beneath this she wore a matching set of pink bra and panties. They were a little more revealing than she usually went out for, but Dani's mysteriousness made her feel adventurous. 

Dani was similarly attired in a blue dress that plunged to show deep cleavage. Emily smiled guiltily at knowing what lay beneath it.

--

They arrived at the boy's dorm. Inside was a sea of people: sitting on couches, standing in clusters, drinking from cups, shooting sparks at each other playfully. It was still Emily's first month at Borden and she didn't recognize any of the other students. The atmosphere was much more relaxed than anything Emily had seen so far at the school. 

Naturally shy, she was very nervous. 

--

Fifteen minutes later, they had drinks in hand and were lounging by the corner. Two guys walked over, clearly checking out the girls. They introduced themselves as Mart and Brady. Dani flipped her hair while chatting them up. Emily was a little nervous so she swallowed and kept silent.

Eventually, one of the boys said: "So, are you girls up for a game of Flanges?"

"For...what?" asked Emily.

"Flanges is easy," said Dani, and went on to describe a card game that Emily couldn't follow. Midway through the description, she realized that they must use a different card deck than she was used to.

"Got that?" asked Dani. "The only thing we shouldn't do is get skunked. You don't want to know what happens then." She laughed, but Dani could tell she was serious. 

Emily wasn't sure she understood, but she nodded her head. 

--

They sat at the table and one of the boys dealt the cards. There were shapes and colors on the cards Emily didn't recognize. Everyone played a card and then looked at her, expectantly. She quickly played a card at random. 

This went on for several rounds, and was proud that no one had admonished her for playing incorrectly. But she noticed that the boy, Mart, kept pulling the cards to himself after each round. Maybe he was winning those rounds?

A crowd gathered around the table. Emily could tell they were excited about something.

After several minutes of this, Dani leaned over nervously and said "Emily we need to win this round. Come on." Emily felt panicked but didn't want to admit she hadn't known what she was doing for the whole game. She made a choice, praying that they would win.

But it wasn't to be. Emily played another card at random and the boys hooted. By now the whole room had gathered around the table.

And Emily realized belatedly that they had been skunked by the boys. Dani's face was completely pale.

--

"Well," said Mart now addressing the riveted crowd, "Looks like we get to see a real game of cards! Next up is a round of: 'It's Done When You're Done!'"

The crowd hooted. The boys looked at her hungrily, and the girls with derision.

A different deck was brought out and laid in front of the two girls. With an incantation and a wave of his hand, Mart cast a complex spell. 

The legs of Emily's chair twisted and shaped to encompass her legs, locking them in place. She yelped and tried to squirm out of the restraint but she was totally stuck. Dani was in a similar predicament. A few girls laughed at them. She was totally stuck...what kind of game was this?

"The rules are simple: the cards do what they say. When you're out of cards, you get to draw more. You won't be able to see what your opponent plays, but you'll sure feel it! And when you're done, it's over! The loser gets to serve as public art for the rest of the evening."

Dani was glaring at her, clearly scared and embarrassed.

"Excuse me," Emily says in a small voice, "when would I be done?"

"Oh," said Mart, "you'll know." The crowd laughed uproariously at that.

The two girls were each dealt 5 cards. Emily turned hers over and found that, in lieu of images, they each had some text written on them. She quickly read through them and was confused: "Rope Fun"

"Nip-Slip Delight"

"Vanishing clothes"

"Invisible hand pleasure"

"Easy Arousal"

...What kind of cards were these?

Dani looked up at her--her blue eyes hardened and she went first. She revealed her card to the waiting crowd and they whooped and cheered. Dani laid it on the table and Emily realized that the text was obscured to her. But she felt something like a gust of wind wash over her. When it settled, she felt odd. 

It took her a moment to realize that she was no longer wearing her bra or panties! Her small nipples stood rigidly at attention under her thin dress. That was not lost of the crowd, which hooted appreciatively. 

Emily was mad. 'Well, no more sympathy from me!!' she thought.

She wasn't sure which card to pick, so she chose one at random. She laid it on the table and read: "Invisible hand pleasure". The crowd ooh-ed appropriately.

At first nothing seemed to happen, but then Dani's large breast began to contort as if it were being groped. Another phantom hand was tracing its way down her stomach. Its passage was marked by little squirms from Dani. She seemed unsettled by the phantom groping and quickly played another card.

Several of the guys in the crowd doubled over in laughter, looking at what it revealed.

At first it was as if Emily was looking at herself from outside her body. But she realized that her legs were still bound to the chair. No, somehow Dani's card had made a clone of her! It looked exactly like her: slender form, small breasts with the tiny nipples poking through the thin green dress. But the clone stood with a poise that the shy Emily would never have.

The clone looked out at the crowd and winked. And, to Emily's horror, it began to touch its breasts. It stroked them and pinched its nipples through the dress. Its small hands ran smoothly and erotically over the silky fabric, caressing and rolling the soft tit-flesh below.

It slipped one tan arm through the strap of the dress and another. Soon, it had pulled the top of the dress down to its waist. Its (her?) small breasts stood high and proud, displayed for all to see. Cute little dark brown nipples topped the small mounds. The clone walked up to a boy in the crowd and started touching his chest, its hand dropping lower and lower... 

Flush with embarrassment and horror, Emily called out "No!"

The clone looked back to the chair where Emily's legs were bound in wood. It smirked and walked over to the panicked girl. It sidled behind her and wrapped its arms around her stomach. It kissed her neck and its silky hair mixed with her own, warm hands straying up to Emily's small, bra-less boobs. It began playing with them through the thin fabric of her dress like it had its own, and it nibbled on her ear, just how she liked it. The effect was immediate...she had really sensitive ears and she let out a squeak that sent the onlookers into gales of laughter. The clone slipped her arms out from her dress and let the front fall, a mirror of its own. 

Emily had small, shapely tits that now stood proudly in front of the whole room. The brown mounds were the focus of every eye.

Emily had spent months convincing her parents that magic was safe and that she would be totally fine--but she'd never imagined she could wind up in a situation like this! She knew she was in trouble so she played another card at random, trying to fight down rising shame and arousal.

Vanishing clothes it read. 

Dani, still managing to look composed with an invisible hand groping her, looked like she was bracing herself. Suddenly, her eyes widened as her dress turned transparent and then disappeared altogether. She was left lewdly exposed, her large breasts encased in a tight strapless bra. On bottom, she wore just a thin, bikini style pair of panties.

Soon, the bra was transparent as well, showing her pink nipples through the now-sheer fabric. Slowly that faded away too and her large tits sagged to a more normal position. Dani's hands came up to cup the large melons in front of her. 

She shifted in her chair in a way that Emily knew meant that the same had happened to her panties. 

Dani was clearly embarrassed now, blushing an incredible shade of scarlet. Her eyes narrowed with fury and Emily gulped.

Dani tried (mostly in vain) to cover her boobs with one hand while she used the other to--very deliberately--draw another card. She looked Emily straight in the eyes as she lay it on the table. 

All throughout this, Emily had been enduring very skillful teasing from her clone. The clone had been licking and nibbling her sensitive ears while its hand ran all over, stroking her breasts, torso, flank, and just now it was getting to her inner thigh. Sexually inexperienced, Emily was having trouble focusing on the game. But even she couldn't miss the satisfaction and vengeance in Dani's eyes now.

Suddenly, all of the sensations emanating from the clone's touch rocketed up in intensity. The clone didn't do anything different, but the feeling! Emily had never felt anything like that before. Every feather-soft touch from her doppelganger was like the hottest fire and the coldest ice. 

'Oh no', she thought foggily.

Within seconds, she was struggling to think coherently. She mewed softly while her eyes rolled back in her head, a thousand explosions cascading through her mind.

--

When Emily came down from the experience, the clone was kneeling by her feet and resting its head in her lap. It was totally nude, as was she. The crowd was full of laughing students of all walks. There were cute guys, nerdy guys with (oh crap) cameras, pretty girls and ugly girls. They were all looking at her and revelling in the lewd sight she had become. Pretty, shy Emily had never been so embarrassed.

Mart came out, clearly the emcee here. He walked a now-dressed Dani to the front of the crowd and raised her hand up high in his own. 

"Tonight we have seen a true test of wits, and Dani has prevailed! As is tradition, she alone gets to decide if the cards' effects shall last the night, if Emily shall be our entertainment for the evening."

Dani wore a grin Emily hadn't seen on her before. She couldn't possibly be considering this? They were roommates! 

But Dani just smirked and said "She's all yours, folks."

The crowd roared. A spell was cast and Emily felt ropes bind her hands and feet stretching her into a standing position. The ropes splayed her out into a starfish...not only was she totally naked, but now she was completely defenseless to cover herself! Her taut brown body was stretched and exposed to every eye.

Her clone didn't share her reservations. It walked around the crowd, pressing lewdly against anyone who passed by. 

A girl walked up to it and started making out with it. Rather than tearing away, horrified (as Emily would have done!) the clone returned the kiss passionately and deepened it. The girl, an athletic chestnut-haired beauty, slipped her hand down to the clone's small butt. It groped the small brown buns aggressively. 

The girl looked over the clone's shoulder (she was much taller than the diminutive Emily's clone) and looked Emily straight in the eyes. 

"Aw, I think little Emily is getting jealous," she taunted in a sultry voice. "How about you go make her feel like a part of the group."

The clone gave her a wink and another peck on the lips before turning on its heel and sauntering over to where Emily was so lewdly bound, standing up. 

It was exactly her height, so it didn't need to move to kiss her lips, forcing its tongue into her mouth. Emily realized that she still felt heightened sexual senses, and the contact with her clone stirred a fire in her stomach that made her scared of what was coming.

As the clone kissed its way down her neck, she was blinded by the camera flashes of students taking in this once-in-a-lifetime sight. The clone kissed its way down between her breasts, taking its time to suckle each nipple. Then it kept kissing its way down her tight, flat stomach to her pelvic bone. 

"Not again," was all Emily had time to think before her world erupted into a cacophony of unshakable pleasure. Sagging into the ropes that held her upright, she moaned as she was eaten out by her clone in front of the cheering crowd.

And her nightmares at Borden School of Magic were just beginning.