 Night

Emily worked the rusty bolt and pushed the ancient metal door open against its stiff hinges. Her torch flashed around the chamber. It was just as her flatmate Ruth described. For a while, she'd started to think Ruth knew about her secret fantasies and this was all going to be a cruel joke. She had snuck into the dig site at night using Ruth's keys, and now entered into the circular room with a throne in the centre, raised on a plinth. In a circle around it there were six pillars reaching up to the vaulted ceiling, but it was what was in front of three of the pillars that held Emily's torch beam.

They looked like most of a metal mannequin, missing the arms and legs, heavily engraved and liberally fitted with small D-rings. Some metallic straps and rings seemed to be attached to the very bottom and a chain ran from the crotch to the column. Most of the mannequins were still covered in dust and filled with bones, but Ruth had obviously cleaned one. Emily approached it hesitantly. If Ruth's drunken yammering had been accurate, there was more to it, and her pussy was already juicy in anticipation. Ever since Ruth spilled the beans about the kinky things she'd found on her 'dig', and how she'd hidden the passageway from the other tunnels to keep it secret from the other archaeologists, Emily knew she'd have to see one in person. While Ruth was still going into depth about the find, Emily was already tuning out and retreating into a new fantasy using the key details. Now with her own eyes, she could see that fantasy becoming real.

A secret directory on her computer was full of stories and pictures of women gagged, bound, in chastity and being stimulated but prevented from cumming. She frequently masturbated herself to fantasies spun from them, and Ruth's details had hit a number of high spots and Emily had been horny ever since.

Ruth had left it face down. Emily ran her fingers over the track that ran up the spine of the suit. A plate ran on the track and was connected to two large cuffs with what looked like metal spheres that would enclose the wearer's hands. Her breath quickened. It was ratcheted so that the cuffs could be pushed up the wearer's back. There was a latch between the cuffs for releasing them and releasing the ratchet mechanism to allow the plate to be lowered. It required two pieces to be pushed together vertically and was protected by a loop of metal to make it impossible for the wearer to push against something to get free.

Tentatively she rolled it over revealing the mask. It was an intricately finished face of a beautiful woman, mouth open and seemingly frozen at point of orgasm. There was a large stylised phallus protruding from the mouth. After gingerly touching it, she found it could unscrew and had an end that extended inside the mouth. "A great way to keep the wearer quiet," she thought.

Looking into the mouth opening, there were rods running in from the corner of the mouth that would hook behind the wearer's teeth and keep her mouth locked open, as well as a horseshoe piece that would push the wearer's tongue up. Ring gags were another of Emily's fetishes and this was similar enough that her pussy pulsed again. Looking was no good. She was going to have to actually try on one of these suits. One of them had to fit! It had to! Stroking the mask, Emily felt one of the eyelids move. Investigating, she found they could be latched shut. Just what were these things for she wondered? They couldn't be all that old since the engineering was very fine. She didn't know much about metal either, but was surprised at the lack of tarnishing or rust.

Seeing another latch below and between the bullet-shaped breast forms, Emily squeezed it and found that the cups unscrewed leaving a five centimetre lip around the breast hole. That could be interesting if she had a companion to play with, she thought.

Emily straightened out the tangle of items tangled in the chain. Two short rods were attached to the bulging crotch of the suit to run down the inside of the wearer's thighs connecting to a set of thigh bands. Spying the pair of metal ballet boots linked by a short chain thickened her saliva, but not her other secretions. Another of her fetishes, and another she had never actually tried.

Ruth really had found something amazing, and this was her chance. She was going to do it; she was going to try one on! She almost came when she decided on this course of action. What would it be like: blind, dumb and trapped inside a metal suit wearing another's face? All you would be good for was giving oral sex and taking it up the arse, neither she was particularly fond of, although she really didn't fancy anal sex. There would be no relief for the wearer.

Emily tried on one of shoes but it was too big. She visited a number of other pillars until she found one that looked smaller. For a moment, revulsion of having to empty out a dead girl's bones quenched her need, but the thought of being so utterly helpless that you depended on your captor to even live, soon overcame the hesitation. How easy would it be to control and train someone wearing the suit! Using some of the machine oil she had brought with her, she lubricated the joints on the shoe, worked it open, then sat and slipped her foot into it and latched it closed. Emily wasn't accustomed to heels, but it wasn't too uncomfortable at first so she fitted the second one. Standing up proved to be tricky, but she used the pillar and chain to get herself upright.

Wow that felt different! The top cuff of the shoe was well over her ankle so there was plenty of support, but walking was weird. Taking small mincing steps she moved back to the cleared suit. They became rather uncomfortable during the short walk so she sat and removed them. She'd have to work up to them if she was going to keep them. Keep them? Where did that come from? Well, it is not like she could walk off with the suit since it was chained to a bolt in the pillar.

Emily took some time cleaning the inside of the suit. She blushed deep red on finding the studded dildo standing proud on the inside of the crotch shield. "I should have expected that!" she said out loud, "but I certainly won't be needing to lubricate it!" Her arousal cranked up a further notch. She worked oil into the stiff latch towards the top of the spine as well as anything that looked like a joint or a sliding surface. When she pulled the latch, the left side of the suit spit open.

Stripping off her clothes, Emily stuffed them into her bag. Standing naked before the throne contemplating what she was about to do sent electric thrills through her sex. "I can't believe I'm about to do this!"

Shivering in anticipation she squeezed her right leg through the side and out through the leg opening and thigh band. She then slipped her left leg through the other thigh band and pulled the suit up her legs.

She almost came when the dildo brushed her pussy lips, and had to think of the dead women's bones lying around the room to cool herself off as the fat dildo pushed itself into her. It'd be so easy to blow it and come early!

Emily put her right arm through the suit and out of the arm hole. Working her bum through the narrow opening was uncomfortable, but nothing like as uncomfortable as squeezing her breasts through! After a few tries, she removed the cups, squirted some oil on herself and used her hand to help pull the mounds into position.

It was all feeling very real all of a sudden. Emily almost balked when faced with the mask. Scolding herself for coming this far only to chicken out at the last minute, she steeled herself and checked the eyes were open. Scooping up her long hair, she placed the resulting pony tail into the split cone at the seam at the mask's crown, opened her mouth and pushed her face forward. She felt the bars catch her teeth locking her jaw open and was glad that she'd left the dildo/penis gag out.

She took a series of breaths to calm herself down before trying to press the suit closed. Damn her luck, it was just too small round the waist! Determined not to waste all the effort Emily leaned against the pillar and sucked her breath in and pushed with her hands. With a series of clicks, felt more than heard, the suit clamped tight from the top of her head to her crotch, forcing her body into a classical s-curve. Flanges buried themselves around her clit and urethra isolating them both.

She realised she'd been holding her breath and shakingly released it trying to back down off the crest of the massive orgasm building inside her. It wouldn't do to pop too soon since she wanted to enjoy this. After a minute of calming herself she had managed to delay it. She was surprised at the intensity of her feelings since she normally required direct clitoral stimulation to get off, but whatever worked, and this was definitely working.

Emily wanted the full look, so she carefully screwed the breast cups on, and then started to fit the ballet shoes. The breast cups were larger than her real tits and really hindered her view, so they came off temporarily before Emily finally towered like a silver and marble statue. "I should have brought a camera," she thought, "I must look fantastic!"

She hesitated before lifting the dildo to her face, not really wanting it invading her mouth. "Let's do things right since I only get one shot at this." It was a very tight fit. The inside surfaces of the mask's cheeks bulged in, further tightening her mouth. "I could probably give amazing blowjobs in this, not that any guy I know would turn down a bad one," she sniggered. The thought of being further modified simply to improve her use for others' sexual needs drove her own need another notch higher.

Fully fitted, Emily took short steps away from the pillar. The chain rattled noisy behind her. She figured that it was long enough to reach the throne and about half way to the next occupied pillar. For the slaves chained here, perhaps rubbing bottoms was the only human contact they got?

Emily wanted the full experience; she needed to know what it was like. Reaching behind her back, she slipped her left hand into a split ball and grasped the bar across them. She had deliberately not oiled the wrist cuffs since she they obviously weren't releasable by the wearer and didn't want them to close by accident, but used her right arm to check that she could reach the unlocking latch before locking the left cuff. With a resolve she closed the mask's eyelids, plunging herself into darkness and slipped her right arm up into its cuff.

Emily was so turned on right now the twanging need of her nipples and clit were like electric shocks, and she was surprised she could not hear juice squirting out of her crotch.

Emily shuffled to what she assumed was the midpoint, turned and continued to back up. When the slack in the chain started to be taken up her eyes flew open behind their metal lids - the dildo was growing! She pushed back stronger and the pleasant feeling started giving way to pain as the studs continued to expand out from the dildo's shaft. It turns out that while two determined slaves could probably touch arse cheeks, there would be a price to pay.

Steaming gently in her metal pressure cooker, Emily started shuffling back to the pillar. Her fantasy was in full swing. In her mind she would be punished if the Mistress (with these gags it had to be a mistress surely?) caught her toys not at their pillars, and what was that? Her footsteps! Hurry!

She was almost back to her pillar when she stepped on the chain. The hobble chain snapped tight and for a moment she almost held her footing, but momentum and gravity weren't to be outdone and with a very well muffled squeal, Emily went crashing against the pillar and onto the floor. She didn't hear the clicking of the cuff and the zip of the plate ratcheting up the track.

For a while Emily just lay there on her back seeing stars before the pain in her elbow and knee from hitting the pillar and ground as well as the growing ache in her shoulders and calves brought her back to reality. The pain had also evaporated her orgasm and now she just wanted out, home and a hot bath. She tried to wiggle her right hand to push herself up out but the cuff seemed awfully tight.

For a dreadful moment Emily's stomach sank, her ears became hot and her mind went blank. She'd done it; she'd really done it now. She was bound in metal restraints with her arms twisted up in a reverse prayer, blind, dumb and chained to a stone pillar in a room only one person alive knew about and who also didn't know she was here. She was barely holding back the panic. Perhaps if she could get upright, maybe the cuff wasn't locked, just pushed almost closed and stiff? Perhaps she could pry it open against something?

Using the pillar Emily managed to work her way up and get her legs under her in a kneeling position. Two more clicks sounded out as the shoes locked to the back of her thigh bands putting paid to her plans of moving about. Emily moved into a full panic attack, crying, thrashing and screaming as best one could when locked in immobile metal from crotch to crown. The fantasy had become dangerously real, and it was one she no-longer wanted to be playing.



Morning

Emily was sobbing when she was startled by Ruth exclaiming "Oh my God! Emily?" Emily tried to make noise or a gesture, but encased as she was, and with her arms so tight behind her, all she could really do was open and close her thighs a little, flashing the polished plate guarding her sex from the world and herself. Rescue! She wasn't going to die down here after all. Ruth would get her out!

Ruth rushed over and grabbed Emily's strained shoulders, "are you all right, Em?"

Not understanding any of the quiet gargling noises, Ruth said, "Let's get you out of this!" Emily's noises increased in urgency. Ruth was exploring the latch on the cuff plate with one hand while stroking Emily's shoulder. "It's no good, Em, the suit latch is blocked on one side by the plate the wrist cuffs are attached to, and the wrist cuff latch isn't working!" On getting no response from the stunned Emily, Ruth continued, "I'll go and check one of the other suits. Don't go anywhere."

"How the hell can I go anyware?" was Emily's first angry thought, with the quick follow-ups of, "how will I ever live it down?" and "Will Ruth keep this a secret?"

Their relationship was not easy since they were quite opposite backgrounds and generated some friction. Ruth came from a well off family while Emily didn't; Ruth was a neat freak while Emily couldn't keep anything tidy. Ruth also seemed over-sexed to Emily, although she was one to talk, and even made a pass at her recently which Emily clumsily deflected putting a strain on the atmosphere in the flat. Truth be told, Emily didn't really like Ruth, but the rent was decent and the flat was very nice, and Ruth's clean streak came in handy!

"I examined the other suits. While the wrist plate is anywhere up to the top of the track, it can be unlatched. However, with enough force you can push it up another notch which disengages the unlocking mechanism. To unlock it then, you have to release it from inside the suit."

Emily's mind reeled.

"Honestly, Em, I could hardly push it up that last notch. You must have had help from someone which means you planned this. You knew I was coming here today one last time before disclosing it later today to the rest of my team as my birthday present, but this so much better!"

Ruth took a shaking breath.

"Wow, Em, from browsing the porn stash on your computer I knew you were a kinky little bitch, into this chastity/bondage stuff, but I never thought you'd go this far. You always seemed too homophobic and bossy to be my permanently bound helpless sex toy!"

The world stopped around Emily. Permanent?

"Don't worry little one, I know what you need and I'm going to love every minute!"



Months Later

"I keep her eyes closed whenever she's not working on me," laughed Ruth. "For her, the sun really does shine from my pussy."

Kneeling between Ruth's legs Emily sighed, but it was true. Ruth had promised her that if she looked away from her pussy while permitted to see, the mask's eyelids would remain down for a week and she would be beaten once a day during the punishment period and the time period would double with each offense. After experiencing being blind and having her legs and tits caned daily for two weeks, she would look no-where else but Ruth's crotch. She could probably draw all the intricate folds and details of Ruth's slit from memory now. If she still had the use of her arms, of course.

As she moved backwards and forwards driving the dildo into Ruth, she looked back over her new life. Ruth had started using her for sex at least daily. She attached straps to D-rings on Emily's head and adjusted them so that at full stretch the dildo would almost come free of her pussy. With some caning of her round arse as encouragement, Emily started moving. She was horrified to discover that the dildo was perforated and some of Ruth's juices were directed onto her tongue.

From examining the other suits, Ruth had discovered some other cruel features. The waist section could be ratcheted smaller, as every panting breath Emily took could attest, and the angle of the neck piece could be adjusted.

Emily had also spent many, many hours with the straps holding her mouth to Ruth's pussy, pleasuring her with her tongue which now sported an assortment of piercings. Her nipples also sported horizontal rods from Ruth's friendly piercer. Emily's eyes had of course been blanked off during the whole process, so her horror at having her very flesh violated with steel at another's whim couldn't be seen by the curious piercer.

Ruth liked attaching small vibrators to her nipple piercings. At first they felt nice and they got Emily quite stimulated - Ruth definitely noticed the juices leaking out from the crotch shield - but since they never got her all that close to an orgasm they rapidly became annoying, then painful as her nipples became over sensitised. Ruth never seemed to care and would leave them on until the batteries ran out.

As she worked, Ruth's foot tapped on the plate blocking her pussy reminding Emily of her inability to gain any relief from her smouldering need. Emily was constantly horny with a need that could never be fulfilled. Other feet tapped her arms and back; spike heels and toes poking her buttocks.

Emily shifted a little, earning a kick from Ruth, to try to shift some of the pressure on her tormented arsehole. Ruth had recently started using an inflatable butt plug that fitted nicely with the ring of the suit's cheek spreader. Ruth told her that the goal was to stretch her hole so wide that no man would find it pleasurable to fuck her. True to her word, the plug had been gradually increased in size, and then replaced by an even bigger one with a drain. Emily now had to suffer the additional humiliation of Ruth administering enemas and controlling even that part of her life.

Today Ruth had invited a number of her "alternative lifestyle" female friends over for dinner and it seemed to be going on for ever to Emily. Of course when you're under a table being dragged from pussy to pussy, time will run slowly. At least she was being used rather than miserably sitting in her personal darkness, unnoticed and chained to the foot of Ruth's bed. 

What more should a sex toy wish for?

Tears seeped unnoticed from the corners of the mask's blank metal eyes as Emily continued her bobbing.