 (The Caresses)

"Aaahhhhh! " Emmanuelle sighed as the most unusual, but very nice feelings began. Pleasing waves were washing over her. Her arms and legs were moved involuntarily, commanded by the Machine, not by her. She began to realize that she was completely defenseless and exposed, and her limbs and body were already under the control of this device. Her arms were moved away from the sides of her body, she tried in vain to move them back. Her legs were slowly spread, she tried to close them, but found the substance between them would not allow that. As she was moved and positioned by the jelly, the more the feelings grew. Somehow her entire body was coated with a film of moisture, which immediately sensitized her flawless skin. 

"OOOHHH", the first actual touch occurred. Not real contact. What she felt were simulated touches on various parts of her, gentle but definitely erotic. She was moved again so that she was fully exposed and not an inch of her was not in contact with the blob. She felt as though she floated. All along her back the 'jelly' slid and trembled. Yet somehow she still had the ability to squirm her body in response to the feelings. She felt warm, slippery and there wasn't a place on her that the Orgasmatron could not reach. She began to relax, to accept the soft caresses, even to erotically respond.

She sighed again, "Ahhhh!" 

Then the sensations changed, "OH! Oh my goodness!", now it did feel like soft hands were touching and stroking her. Gently caressing her arms, her legs, stroking the length of her back. Something passed lightly over her rib cage just below her breasts, and although she could not see them, she knew from the feelings, that her nipples had responded in the most natural way. For several minutes this nonspecific random massage continued and her excitement rose another step.

Although she did not realize it, the caresses were now concentrating on the most obvious erogenous zones and she squirmed with delight. The light scratching down the sides of her waist sent sparks of pleasure down through her buttocks. The slow circular stroking of her flat belly made her jump. The first firm massage of her breasts made her push them out as though to receive more. She gasped with delight the first time her nipples were touched. There were different feelings emanating from her genitals, no actual caresses, more as though it just felt better there. Could it be the touches were so light she did not feel them, only the effect they were having on her, gradually her excitement mounted. 

Then she felt her breasts engulfed in soft warm undulating cups. At the center of which nodules were gently massaging her nipples.

"OOOOHHHHHHHHH!" 

It felt so wonderful and her pleasure increased even more. 

The whole sensual body massage was subtle, insidious; and having a very marked effect. Stimulating her slowly so that her level of excitement was steadily increasing. There were many touches and caresses, in many different places, all at the same time. She clenched and unclenched her fists unconsciously. Her toes curled in response to feather light touches running up and down her legs. She twitched in response to the gentle tickles of pleasure that she felt on her thighs. She stiffened when the sensation changed or became more intense. The massaging of her breasts was simultaneous to the gentle stoking of her stomach, as was the light scratching along the backs of her thighs. After several more minutes she was erotically squirming and undulating with sensual grace. Several of her muscles began to flutter involuntary with spasms of pleasure. She gasped, sighed, and moaned, and her breathing was increasing rapidly as she gave herself over to the all-encompassing sexual massage.

This exquisite, erotic manipulation of her totally exposed and available body continued for more than ten minutes, the Orgasmatron constantly changing the type of massage. Subtle pressures, different frequencies, the type of caress, licking or suction, and where these were applied to her body. Learning all the time from the bio feedback what was most effective. When it softly caressed the backs of her thighs her sexual response was to gasp with delight, it recorded this area as a positive erogenous zone. This was happening to each area of her body as it was subjected to the sensual massage. A multitude of variations were applied, it was as though there were many lovers, with many sexual devices, all administering to her sexual needs. For Emmanuelle it was the most wonderful loving sexually erotic massage she had had. Except it was not Love, it was deliberate electro bio-mechanical stimulation of her body, with only one possible result. She was rapidly approaching her first orgasm, and it wasn't going to take long! This Machine could make her feel anything, anything at all that would bring her ever nearer, to a 'forced' involuntary sexual release.

Carefully a clitoral stimulator was formed around her sex until her genitals were covered, ready for the next phase. The device had clamped onto her entire sex, and was sucking and pulling her lips and clitoris in pulsating rhythm to provide maximum effect. It started with a slow rhythmic sucking, tugging gently at her flesh, barely perceptible vibrations were applied, while minute static charges stroked across the swelling bud and labia. "OOOOOOOO" 

She arched her back slightly and uttered a long, deep lustful moan.

"Mmmmmm! Aaaaaagghhhhhh! Ooooohhhhhhh!" 

She could not help but moan, sigh or gasp with each change in rhythm or suction. Then when she thought she was really on the slide into orgasm, it was gone from her! 

Then she felt something between her shoulders .....

"What's that, what's happening?"

Something warm and firm, with more solid substance was moving slowly down her back. Going downwards from between her shoulder blades, meandering, slithering lower, and then lower still. It felt almost like a large warm heavy glove making its way downwards to who knows where. Underneath the large glove she could feel many nodules tickling her skin, although the tickles did not make her laugh. Far from it, they only added to the erotic massage that was raising her level of sexual excitement even higher. It stopped at the very base of her spine, squirming slightly, vibrating gently, a dozen nodules pressing and caressing at the start of the cleavage there. Even though the other caresses did not cease, she could not help but concentrated on that point of her body. Feeling the pressure, the movements, then whatever it was started slipping down between her buttocks. WOW it felt good, slippery, warm and alive. She was on the very brink of release now, and she loved it. Her breathing was rapid and her bodily movements were purely sexual. Now she could feel something like mouths sucking on several parts of her body, but not on her sex, but because of all the stimulation she was receiving, that softest of flesh felt as if it was moving and gently shuddering of its' own accord. 

"AAHH!"

Now there was something on her stomach. Another 'heavy glove', warm, solid, very slippery, very active and it was moving slowly downwards. She involuntary bucked as the nodules probed and stroked her belly. Then the one between her buttocks squirmed some more and burrowed further under. She tensed, reveling in this most unusual double caress, the one on her bottom vibrated and she squirmed forwards. The one on her lower belly vibrated and she squirmed backwards. Soon she was undulating between the two 'gloves' as they alternately and intelligently controlled her pleasure, bringing her closer and closer to the inevitable ecstasy. She had two vibrating 'things' crawling purposefully and slowly downwards to the sensation centre of her body. 

They moved again, further down, further under and slightly in. The pleasure in her body rose as they gently slid between her thighs and buttocks, one from the rear squirming against her anus, the front one sliding over her clitoris and between her labia. They met and joined into one mass, covering her genitals completely with a multitude of wriggling protuberances. It moved purposefully between her legs, pressing more firmly and squirming more determinedly against her, pushing her flesh and making her jump with flashes of ultimate pleasure. Suddenly it started to judder, fiercely, the fingers working madly against her flesh, squishing through her labia, rubbing all over her clitoral area and massaging round her anus. This stimulation sent her sexual nerves into overload. 

"OH GOD!... OH MY GOD! .... AAAGGGHHH!". 

This was the trigger, now there was nothing to stop her release. She surrendered to the overpowering feelings.

She came for the first time ....... Beautiful, brilliant, ecstatic, repetitive convulsions started deep within her vagina. Trying to rush out of her, only to be kept throbbing within her by the firmly pulsating covering of living jelly. She cried out in ecstasy.

"YESSS! YESSS! YESSSSS! ............AAAGGGGHHHH!" 

She shook involuntarily with the release. The orgasm was long, then prolonged, sensual, erotic and completely overwhelming. Her mouth was now open, but silent. Her eyes were blindfolded but she saw many vivid colours. A fantastic orgasm, powerful, marvelous and so satisfying. 

Then when her thoughts returned to near normal, she realized that the Machine had only just started. This wasn't the last of it, only the beginning! It wasn't going to stop, be switched off. It was going to continue to drive her into realms of pleasure that she had never experienced before.! 

She had no time to relax or rest. She had been raised to a plateau of sexual excitement where an ORGASM was the only physical conclusion. The Machine would not let her down; it was going to take her higher, much HIGHER!