 I held myself up in my dorm room for days, skipping all my classes without even bothering to give my teacher's excuses. When I did leave, it was only to eat before returning to my room. If a friend would try and talk to me, I would blow them off with a random excuse, though it wasn't like I could tell them the truth anyway. I even kept away from Catrina. She tried to talk to me after the locker room, but I politely asked her to stay as a book until I was willing to talk. I wasn't sure if she listened because I was her master or because she respected my wishes, but she obeyed none the less. It was time I needed, though; time to think and reconcile what I did. With it, I reached the solution to everything.

On the third day of brooding and thinking, I called out, "Catrina, I need to talk to you."

There was a slight flash before Catrina appeared next to me on my bed. She wore her traditional genie outfit, but kept her posture formal which helped me not be distracted.

"I am here to listen," she said with a faint smile. I'm sure she was thinking a lot while I avoided her, but I guess she wanted to keep them to herself.

I took a deep breath. "I've been thinking for the last few days about everything; about meeting you, about Jen and I, and about what happened in the locker room. From it all, I came to a conclusion. I'm going to wish for me to never meet you."

"No!" she shouted. "You do not have to do that!"

"Please, let me finish."

I could see she wanted to speak, but listened anyway.

"I don't make this decision lightly. You have brought me so much fun and joy, Catrina. But, the power was too much. I broke my word to myself and more so to you. I thought I would be able to keep myself in check, but I was wrong. I ignored your words and went too far. At the same time, I hurt Jen. She refuses to talk to me and I have no way to fix it. I can't tell her the truth, even if she would believe me. Yes, I had a lot of fun with you, but I also did a lot of wrong. I never even considered what would happen if one of my wishes messed up someone else's life. Its power I can't trust myself with and I want to make everything right again."

As I talked, tears swelled up in her eyes. By the time I finished, a few had even found their way down her cheeks. She wiped them away, though, and smiled through them. "I understand. In all my years, I've only met a few masters like you. Many were cruel or power hungry, but you were truthful to your heart. Make your wish and I shall grant it."

"Not quite yet," I said, reaching out to her hand. "When I do make the wish, I'm going to leave the details to you. You understand your magic better than me and know how to make it work properly. But, before that, there is something else I need to do. You have given me so much that I can't just leave without giving you something back. You are a kind and sweet woman and I want you to know that. So, I'm going to make one more wish before the final one. I wish we make love however you want so you have the greatest time you've ever had."

Her smile grew and she nodded once before kissing me and saying, "Granted."

Slowly, she sat on my lap and embraced me tightly. As her arms wrapped around me, her lips met mine, kissing me deeply. I returned the kiss wholeheartedly, adding as much passion as I could. Soon, I found my body moving on its own as my arms reached around and found her rear. It was strange having my body move on its own, but I went with it if it meant giving her the time of her life. My hands gripped her cheeks tightly, kneading them as we made out. It didn't take long for my fingers to coax a small moan out of her between our locked lips. Then, she abruptly broke the kiss to lift my shirt over my head. As soon as it was discarded to the side, though, our lips were back together. All the while, my hands worked their magic on her butt until I found her grinding on me.

I moved my arms away from her ass to lift her shirt slowly. Instead of taking it off, though, my hands went underneath it and held her bare breasts underneath. My fingers alternated from groping her fully and teasing her nipples, each enticing more moans. All the while, she continued to grind against me, making my member rock hard. Suddenly, I felt a slight pain in my back as her nails dug into me. Instead of hurting me, though, I felt a rush of excitement, causing me to grind upward against her.

We continued our passion for some time, until she finally broke off the kiss. I could see the lust in her eyes and knew she wanted much more. But, instead of jumping her, I took my time. I leaned in and kissed her upper neck deeply. Then, I kissed it again, just a tad lower. Slowly, I made my way down her neck and shoulder with a series of kisses. With each kiss, she gasped as her passion continued to rise. When I reached the shoulder, I continued down her arm until I reached her fingertips. then, I leaned her back and placed her hand on her stomach. Using it as a bridge, I continued the trail of kisses onto her stomach and slowly rose up along her chest, raising her shirt as I did. Soon, I reached her nipple, which I slowly circled with more kisses until latching on. My lips tugged at her nipple as I sucked it gently, my hand gently working the other breast at the same time. Every once in a while, I would lead a trail of kisses from one nipple to the other and switch places before continuing my work. It didn't take long till she was breathing heavily beneath me and whispering my name under her breath.

Suddenly, in a single motion, I pulled shirt fully off and moved her to my side and onto the bed. Once laying down, I made swift work of removing her pants and panties underneath. Then, carefully, I lowered myself between her legs and laid there briefly. I let my breath tickle her pussy, which now glistened with her juices. Each time I blew, she twitched at the tease. After a few more breaths, I leaned in and started licking. I started low at first, purposefully avoiding her clit. Instead, I probed her slightly with my tongue, tasting her sweetness. Then, I ran my tongue along the length, making sure to stop just as I grazed her clit. As soon as I flicked it, she moaned deeply. I took that as a sign and started licking it more. Each lick seemed to send her pleasure skyrocketing and caused her to moan more until they got lost in her ragged breaths. Then, abruptly, she went ridged as her first orgasm took her. I continued to lick her through it, making sure she enjoyed every second.

I only slowed when she finally started to calm down. But, I never fully stopped. Her juices tasted sweet to my taste buds and I wanted as much as possible. I licked up every drop, causing her to twitch whenever I licked her clit slightly. Soon, she was moaning at my tongue's work, losing herself in the pleasure again.

I felt the gentle push of her hands against my head and eventually stopped when she pushed me away. Sitting up, I smiled at her as she sat up too and kissed me deeply on the lips. Our faces were locked in a deep kiss for a few moments before she pushed me back slightly, her fingers fiddling with my belt. With a delicate touch, she undid my pants and had them across the room in one second and her fingers around me the next. Her fingers were gentle as the slowly stoked my member, yet they hit every spot. Moan escaped my own lips as I leaned back to enjoy her touch. But, as she started to lean down to take me in her mouth, I stopped her.

Carefully, I lifted her up and swung her body around until it rested above me. Then, I positioned myself just at the right angle under her so I was between her legs. She only had a second to understand what was happening before I lifted my head to start licking. Her body convulsed away from the tip of my tongue, but I held her in place. It didn't take long for her to accept my touch, moaning loudly as she did. Moments later, I felt the warmth of her mouth around my member. With a deep passion, she bobbed her head up and down my shaft, massaging me with her lips. I felt her tongue graze across the tip periodically too, sending shivers down my back. Despite being occupied, though. She could not contain her moans. Her lips hummed around my cock as she moaned at my licks.

Suddenly, I felt myself swell up, ready to cum. My ability to control my climax vanished in an instant as my hips buckled upward. With each jerk, I sprayed her mouth with my cum, filling it up. She swallowed each load perfectly, leaving none to leak out the sides of her lips. All the while, pleasure flowed through me as I came harder than I had in a while. When I finally finished, I flopped down on the bed, panting heavily as I recovered. Catrina sucked the last few drops from me before sliding off with a slight pop.

"I apologize," she said. Though, I could hear the smile. "I have grown to like the taste of your cum and I wanted some."

"No complaints," I said though my panting. "Though, I didn't expect to cum so suddenly."

"You did wish for me to have the best time I have ever had. And I intend to fill that wish completely."

I felt her slide down across my body until she was right above my dick, facing away. Looking up slightly, I watched as her body lowered itself and slowly impaling herself on me. Each inch brought out a deep moan until I was completely inside her. She was tighter than I ever felt her and I couldn't help but moan myself and the feeling. She sat there for a few moments, getting used to my girth, before starting to move up and down my shaft. She would rise until only the tip remained before lowering herself back to the base. Each time she lowered herself, I felt her tighten as her body convulsed slightly with pleasure. This felt so good that I moaned with her with each motion. Soon, though, I reached out and grabbed her smooth thighs. My grip was tight as I increased her speed, slamming her down rapidly. Her moans were lost in her pants as the pleasure spread throughout her body.

"I.... am..... cumming...." She managed to say before her voice vanished completely into her ragged breaths.

Her body suddenly went ridged as she tightened around my cock. I never stopped moving her, though, making sure to max out her pleasure. All the while, I could feel her juices leak out around me, telling me how much she enjoyed it. She went limp as she finally calmed down, nearly falling onto the bed in front of her. I stopped her, though, as I sat up at the right moment and caught her, holding her in my lap as she slowly recovered.

"The wish made everything more intense," she said softly after recovering enough. "I do not know how many more I can take."

"As many as needed to fulfill the wish," I whispered to her.

She smiled slightly as she turned her head to kiss me. For a few moments, we sat there holding each other. Then, my hands started to roam, finding their way to her breasts and nipples. I groped and twisted them, enticing small moans out of her through our kiss. Wanting more, I then moved one hand downward to her clit. As soon as I touched it, her body twitched with pleasure and she tightened around my cock, still hard inside her. I continued this for a little, bringing out more moans, until she started to grind against me. I felt her ass rub against me as she slowly worked my cock in and out of her. It wasn't much with the way we sat, but the sensation was enough to tease and excite.

It was when she arched her back did it really pick up. She thrust her chest forward, positioning herself to slam down on my cock more. As she did, my fingers continued to work her clit and nipple, tripling the pleasure she felt. Suddenly, I felt our bodies tighten at the same time. With a wave of pleasure, I came deep inside her as she came on my cock. My body pumped my cum in her and she shook with each spurt. When we finally calmed down, we both crashed forward onto the bed. Somehow, I managed to stay inside her we caught our breath with only our hands holding us up.

She shifted her face to the side enough to look back at me. "... More...."

My eyebrows rose in surprise. "You want more?"

"More," she said with more assertion. "I want to feel you pulsing inside me. I want to cum with each spurt. Let us end this with the biggest moment possible."

I felt a grin spread across my face. "As you wish."

Without a moment's hesitation, I grabbed her hips and lifted us both up on our knees. I used what energy I had left and started pumping my dick in and out of her. Each time I slammed deep inside, I willed myself to cum. Her body responded by tightening around me at the same moment. she was indeed cumming each time I shot into her. Moans filled the room as fell to our passion and pleasure. Soon, my cum started to spill out around my cock onto the bed. I didn't care, though. I was too caught up in the pleasure to think about anything else. I knew she felt the same way as she screamed into the mattress, a slave to the feelings.

I'm unsure how long we went, but I felt a wave of exhaustion hit me when my body finally gave out. With no strength left, I pulled out and flopped down on the bed next to her. She responded in kind as she sprawled out beside me. Looking down slightly, I could see the pool of my cum spilling out of her all over the bed. This only made me smile, though, as I knew I was able to give her the time of her life. Looking back, I saw that tears were starting to swell up in her eyes.

"Catrina," I said, using what energy I could to touch her face.

"These are tears of joy," she said back. "Thank you."

"No, thank you," I said moving forward just enough to kiss her gently. "Are you ready?"

She nodded slightly.

"I wish that you use your magic is the best way to undo all that has happened. Please make it so We had never met."

"Granted." she said with one last kiss. "Goodbye Master."

******

My head jerked with a start. Looking around, I saw the books lined up on the shelves, waiting to be read. Confused, I scratched my head slightly.

"I must have spaced out," I said.

"Did you say something?"

Looking over, I saw the man standing behind the counter giving me a questionable look.

"No, no. Just talking to myself."

He smiled warmly. "I understand. Did you find anything of interest?"

"Not today," I said with a shake of my head.

"Maybe next time."

"Hopefully."

As I moved for the door, I heard the man speak up. "Wait, young man. I have something for you."

"Something for me?" I said turning back.

"Yes," he said, fishing a piece of paper out from behind the counter. "A young woman asked me to give this to you."

I took it with a puzzled look. "Did she tell you her name?"

"No, but she said it was important you got it."

"Alright. Thank you."

Looking down, I read the note to myself, making sure my bad habit didn't kick in.

Thank you for everything. To show my gratitude, I left you a little present with the vague wording you gave. I hope you enjoy it to the fullest extent. 

"Everything alright?" asked the man.

"Yeah," I replied. "Just a strange note. Thanks again."

And, without another word, I put the note in my pocket and made my way back to campus. It was convenient to have such a nice bookstore within walking distance. But, without a new book, I knew this weekend would be boring.

"Ken."

From across the path, I saw Jen walking towards me with a genuine smile. Her outfit of a white spaghetti strap, unbuttoned, black over shirt, and jean shorts drew my eyes, but I did the best not to stare.

"Hey Jen."

"Hey," she said back as she approached. "I just wanted to ask a favor. With the math test coming up, I've been swapped." She looked down at her feet, seemingly avoiding eye contact. "Do you think it would be ok if we moved our date to tomorrow? I am free after class. Say, after eight?"

My mind blanked for a moment before I remembered what she was talking about. Two days ago, I asked her out on the fly. I don't know where the courage came from, but I so thrilled when she said yes.

"Yeah, that's alright. We could go see a movie. Avengers came out a few weeks ago."

She smiled brightly. "That sounds great. I'll see you then."

"I can't wait," I said smiling back.