 The Final Orgasm
(The Ultimate)

She was still highly stimulated; and it was possible that what she felt now was a higher level of sexual excitement than anyone had ever felt. Every inch of her body felt wonderful. From the tips of her fingers to the soles of her feet there were different touches and caresses. Hands caressing her, fingers stroking her, lips kissing her, mouths nuzzling her, all over her beautiful body. So responsive, so receptive, so sensual, so fucking sexual!

She relaxed her mind and gave herself over entirely to what ever was going to happen to her now. She knew this was going to be the ultimate in sexual ecstasy for her, even more than she had experienced in the last hour. But for how long and in which way she was going to be used, she did not know.

The Orgasmatron carried on. The vibrations were brought to a higher frequency on varying parts of her body. Not to high, but enough so that her most erogenous zones felt even more sexual stimulus. Different areas were receiving different levels of warmth. It felt at one moment that ice was being used to caress over her stomach, then very warm soft hands were stroking her thighs. The next moment something very cold and steel like was probing at her anus, making her squirm with the different implied intention. 

Through the micron sized strands within the substance the Orgasmatron was making Emmanuelle aware of her major sex organs like never before. She could feel each nipple separately and each sensation given to her breasts was somehow independent from all the other feelings. The feelings in her clitoris assumed a similar independence, yet the ones in her breasts did not diminish. 

Then it was her vulva, her labia, and then her vagina. In all these separate areas of her body she could feel different sensations in great detail, but somehow all at the same time. Her body contorted; she moaned as her breasts were pleasured; she gasped as her clitoris was sucked; she cried out with joy as her muscles fluttered, and her flesh trembled. She was one moment crying out, the next she could not make a sound. She welcomed, accepted and reveled in everything!

Sensations she had not felt before were now creeping over her entire being. The Orgasmatron Bubble had now taken complete control. Everywhere her skin was alive, feelings of pure erotic pleasure washed over her. 

There were several places on her body that were more receptive to higher levels of stimulation than others, her known erogenous zones. But now there were other areas that through bio-feedback the Bubble had learned about. Here, along with everything else, the nerve endings were being directly stimulated, not too intensely, but enough so that she was aware of them above the rest. All around her waist, up and down her belly, on the insides of her thighs, the undersides of her breasts, across the tops of her buttocks, around her neck and in her armpits. All were fluttering and shuddering with pleasure due to the nerve stimulation. And all were adding to the pleasure growing and flowing over and through her. 

Her clitoris felt incredible, it felt several centimeters long! She could actually feel sensation running up and down and around it! Then it was fully engulfed and sucked rhythmically, first hot then cold, then pushed and tugged around. The electro stimulation and vibration being administered to the multitude of nerve ending there was steadily increasing. Although she could sense the increase, she was not to know that just at the point of this last orgasm it would reach the maximum possible. 

It felt that somehow her super sensitive nipples were alive and moving independently. Growing, shrinking, and throbbing with pressure and then suction, given at different times to different nipples and with each movement intense pleasure. These were also subjected to the same stimuli that her clitoris was receiving, with the same inevitable results. At the point of orgasm it would reach maximum stimulus. 

She was exposed like never before, it was as though she floated in space, her legs, slightly bent, were stretched high and wide, her arms were secure above her head, so that every part of her body was available for whatever the Machine intended. 

Then what she had begged for came back. Slowly living tentacles and tendrils were once again slithering around and over her lower body. Her mind could still recognize what this meant, and she uttered an animal groan as they started to push deeply into her totally lubricated and welcoming orifices, come on FUCK ME she thought. The tentacles this time felt slightly rough and ridged so that they gave her even more feeling. Then they began to twist, to writhe, to squirm, to pulse, to vibrate, to throb, to revolve in a frenzy of activity within her. At the same time that they were expanding and contracting, they were slowly and unhurriedly thrusting in and pulling out, each time filling her just enough to give maximum joy. She knew they were going to screw her to oblivion and her hips started to gyrate to meet and welcome them. 

Then the thrusting began in earnest, with forcefulness that that would have been frightening if not for the intense pleasure it was giving her. Rocking her body with the power, moving her flesh with the size, causing squeals of delight with the ever changing angle of penetration, and bringing her ever closer with the steadily increasing tempo. 

Then there were tendrils everywhere, slithering over her breasts, over her back, moving over her legs and arms, squirming and writhing down between her buttocks, and trying to join those already in her sex. She shuddered and bucked inside the Machine for many minutes, the sensations always changing, the pleasure always rising, the nerve stimulation always increasing, the fucking blowing her away. 

She was now on the very edge of ultimate bliss, as the Orgasmatron brought all it's techniques to bear. It was then, that she knew that she had to have the Ultimate Orgasm.

"Please let cum .... Make me climax. PLEASE PLEASE!"

As the light of paradise sparked into existence once more in her brain's pleasure cortex, she was slowly pushed over the edge of the Heavenly abyss.

Then held there!

She started to cum but was suspended between the maximum amount of sexual excitement, and the release of a spasmodic muscular climax: held back from the uncontrolled ecstasy of multiple vaginal contractions. Her vaginal muscles had twitched with the beginnings of the first contraction, and then froze. Her nerve impulses had blasted that incredible pleasure through her body and into her brain, to join again that Nova of delight! 

A second 'twitch' another massive nerve impulse. Then a third!

She was closer to actually cumming than ever thought possible; she could feel the highest ecstasy of nerve stimulation of a massive climax, but not the physical manifestation. Not quite! 

It was absolutely incredible; she was kept in this fantastic state of excessive ecstasy, but not quite orgasm, for as long as possible. Things were happening to her body never felt by anyone before. Direct pleasure cortex stimuli, melded with extreme vaginal nerve impulses. Everything was sexual pleasure! There was no other feeling, no other thought, no other possible outcome. Every part of her was an erogenous zone; every part of her was being caressed and stimulated with only one purpose. She was literally overwhelmed by feelings of ecstatic bliss.

The physical manifestations were wondrous to observe. It was as though invisible hands were moving her flesh. Each breast was shaking independently, each nipple actually moving. Muscle spasms were flowing down her belly towards her sex. Her vulva was wide, labial lips rhythmically undulating. Her clitoris fully exposed, fully engorged and jerking spasmodically. Her vagina and anus open and closed as the 'Jelly' fucked her to oblivion.

The sounds she now made were a pure animalistic reaction, forced from her by the blinding shocks of pure pleasure. 

The Bubble went into its final phase and subjected her to every pleasure all at once. Nova became Super Nova, electro pleasure sensations flowed over her body and into her mind, giving ecstasy wherever she could take it. All she had had before, she felt at once! 

Her pleasure spiraled out of control, and her body shook for many long seconds, as though in a fit, it was everything all at once! She was lost. The Orgasmatron threw her into the white hot fire of sexual oblivion. 

Emmanuelle's mind and body thundered into a Meta physical multiple Orgasm. There was a literal volcanic eruption of sexual bliss throughout her being. Everywhere all at once she came. Her vagina was now forced to contract violently, it snapped tight around the living jelly penis. Her head snapped back, she screamed, her head shook and she screamed again. Her body convulsed into an arch of pleasure, she fell, and she rose again, undulating to the rhythm of this maximum feeling. This time there was no holding back, this time she did physically violently cum, harder, more fiercely, than ever before in her life. 

But it was in awesome, mind blowing slow motion. Time seemed stretched out, each amplified sensation seeming to last longer than ever before.

The maximum nerve stimulation applied to her clitoris and nipples, released the second ferocious grasping contraction of her vagina, and her entire body went rigid again. 

Then as the next convulsion spread through her cunt, anus and all the surrounding flesh of her sex, it coincided with the maximum stimulation of her G spot, and her shocked body thrashed again within the Bubble.

Then the third powerful spasmodic clench of her vaginal muscles was met with an overwhelming powerful penile expansion, this forcefully widened her entire vagina, from muscle ring to the very depth of her vulva, with astonishing results. The overpowered muscle contraction stuttered, so that she felt, not one, but two rapid ecstasy nerve pulses in to her brain. 

Double the normal ecstasy!

She felt as though she was one enormous convulsive climax, everywhere she was cumming! 

Convulsion then quickly followed convulsion. These ecstatic, uncontrollable spasms, spread throughout her entire body, driven by nerve pulses given by the Machine; they were centered on her vulva, but radiated outwards in ever increasing waves of red hot pure unadulterated ecstasy. They had incredibly strength, and amazing frequency. Her entire sexual organs contracted as one, and as never before. Vaginal muscles that had been exercised frequently by her previous experiences clenched and grasped with an ecstatic ferocity beyond believe. But more than that, it was a whole body climax. Her nipples still sent spikes of pleasure to her brain; her enlarged clitoris was being kept from its protective hood, was rhythmically sucked and pulsed, and the millions of nerve endings pleasured all at once. Vibration upon vibration applied to her G spot. The living tentacles were still buried as deep as possible inside her. Still moving; still squirming, still rhythmically expanding, still fucking deep into her body and her entire skin was alive with pure erotic sensation. 

And still the whole of her cunt convulsed, and with each wonderful contraction, the ecstasy grew; now she was silent. Her mouth was a wide open O. She was not able to scream due to the overpowering pleasure. All during this time there were slight changes in the rhythm and frequency of the nerve stimulation, and the way that her erogenous zones were being pleasured, so that she rocked and contorted within the Bubble. This also meant that she did not pass out from the overload of ecstasy. But to ensure that her climaxes continued, at just the right moment the Orgasmatron sparked another pleasure nerve to force another orgasm, then another, and another, and on, and on and ON! 

The Orgasmic Bubble kept Emmanuelle in this state of super Poly Orgasm for almost a minute; the over stimulated nerves just kept her cunt muscles convulsing. Sometimes rapid flutters, sometimes fierce powerful grasps. Sometimes seeming both together, causing her flashes of extreme ecstatic overload, greater than ever before. Emmanuelle just kept CUMMING and CUMMING!

She found her voice again as the pleasure tingles of static kept randomly washing over her entire body. It was a scream of pure sexual ecstasy.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH"!!!!

The pleasure was so amazing, so intense; she had lost all sense of space and time. All she was aware of were the beautiful spasmodic contractions, the pleasure, the ecstasy, the 

ULTIMATE ORGASM!

The woman in the Bubble was an unbelievable sexual sight to behold. She thrashed, bucked and contorted totally out of control. She undulated, rose and fell in an arch of ecstasy, and such was the power of her sexual convulsions that they were visible across her lower belly and especially between her thighs, where her totally exposed sexual organs appeared to have a life of their own. The 'jelly' all around her could be seen to be squeezing, pushing, moving, and pulsing against her. It was a sight in its' self enough to make anyone cum! It certainly was making Emmanuelle CUM!

But she did not faint, she did not die, she did not lose her mind, she simply enjoyed what her body was capable of. She was experiencing the ultimate, the most fantastic, and the most intense sexual ecstasy humanly possible. And she welcomed and took all that was given to her! 

Eventually, finally, perhaps regretfully, the convulsions began to fade. The caresses faded away. Her vagina was empty of the beautiful, magical tentacles. She was released from the ecstatic control of the Orgasmatron. It took a long time for Emmanuelle to return to the land of the normal. Her vagina still twitched, still grasped at nothing as though it had a life of its' own. Even as she started to move of her own accord, pleasure rippled through her.

She was unsure how long the orgasm lasted, but it felt like an eternity in heaven. Her body began to feel hers' again. She felt her pulse racing, her chest heaving. After-shocks echoed through her body, she ached a little, but there was no pain. In fact there was still pleasure. As the Orgasmatron released its control of her, and her thighs came together for the first time in over an hour, it felt good. 

Sensations still rippled over her breasts and belly and there was a slight rush of pleasure. She sagged back in the bubble, drained and spent, as it raised her to the surface. Then as she tried to rise and sit up one more spasm was forced from within her core that made her gasp. 

WOW! she thought, as she felt the sex tremor run through her. That was SEX like nothing she had ever dreamt of. Sex like nothing she could have ever imagined. The feeling of euphoria was superb. She could not help but giggle. 

She also knew that she could, in fact would, experience all that again! 

Maybe next time there could be two girls in the bubble together.