 Emperor Jack #1: The Delegate from Brittania

By special order of His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Augustus, the following story has been permitted to be translated into historical Terran languages. This is not to be construed as implying any less than a total commitment to the universal adoption of Myrgan as the official language of Terra. Long live the Federation!

I strode into the grand hall of the palace, distracted by a thousand problems. I had enough bureaucrats to fill a city, yet it still seemed that all these stupid little things demanded MY attention. Oh well--I was the Emperor. I guess that's the price you pay for absolute power. Everyone's afraid to cross me, for fear that with a wave of my hand I could condemn anyone to live the rest of their lives in exile on a strange planet far away. Perhaps they have heard, as I have, that Terrans are popular commodities on the galactic black market for slaves. I'm afraid to find out if that's really true--and if so, why us? 

The Esteemed Advisor was waiting for me--to me, just good ol' Chuck. That was his name, way back when, before Terra was contacted and eventually assimilated into the Myrg Galactic Federation. In those days I was just a drone civil servant named Jack, and Chuck was my best friend. Now he is my top advisor, as his title suggests. "There are delegates who wish to speak with you," he informed me with a glint in his eye. 

"Delegates?" I asked hopefully.

"Delegates!" he confirmed. Oh yeah--this job was hell, but the perks were pretty awesome. Despite all the stress of trying to keep the people of the planet happy while also satisfying the Council of the MGF, I wouldn't change a thing, because now I had delegates! I should clarify; there are delegates, and there are delegates. To most of you, I suppose, the word conjures up images of boring civil servants, like things were before and like I once was. There were still thousands of those, of course, but I had layers and layers of bureaucracy spreading all across the Big Island actively keeping them away (the islands of Hawaii were now the exclusive home of the Terran central government). Then somewhere along the way, someone got smart; I may be Emperor, but I am most definitely also a man. Someone had the brilliant idea that if they sent a beautiful woman as a delegate, perhaps one that would be willing to make it worth my while if you know what I mean, I might be more inclined to listen. They were absolutely right, even though no one outside of Chuck knew that the Federation had expressly forbidden that I marry or have children (the MGF selects its regents on the basis of qualifications, not bloodlines). But no one said I couldn't fuck like a goddamn rabbit! The lack of an Empress only made it easier for me to fuck anything that struck my fancy. Over time a system evolved; special delegates were shown right to my palace, whose grounds occupied all of the island of Maui. These lovely delegates openly offered their charms to garner my attention; if they pleased me, I would give them five minutes to make their case. In a planet-wide bureaucracy, it was by far the most effective way to get heard. As word got out about this informal system, I now got delegates in bunches, requiring them to compete against each other just to get the CHANCE to try to satisfy me; that was becoming as fun as the games themselves. By the tone of Chuck's voice, I knew I was going to have some wonderful choices to make.

With renewed energy I moved to the throne. I glanced around; the usual cadre of servants were in their places. Maybe I should adopt more standard uniforms... it always looks like a circus in here, I thought. Maybe I should lose the Chinese robes that I and the government officials wore. I had adopted a Romanesque name, but I couldn't see myself wearing a toga. The Chinese robes, however, gave a nice Imperial air to the place; a lot of folks still had trouble coming around to the fact that the entire planet now answered to one Emperor. But since I could do whatever the hell I wanted, I borrowed from other chapters of Terran history for other uniforms, which worked well individually but when brought together tended to assault the senses of anyone familiar with history. Take the household staff, for instance. The girls that were charged with bringing me food were dressed like medieval serving wenches, in long dresses with laced-up bodices. There was one always stationed along the side wall in the Great Hall. Next to her, a tall blonde with her hair up dressed like a French maid; black heels and hose, tiny skirt, everything. She was there to run to the bar. And next to her, a short-ish but shapely young Hawaiian native girl, dressed in the flowered bikini top and angle-bottomed cover-up worn by staff whose duties regularly required them to go outside. Then if you consider the security staff, wearing 21st-century combat fatigues...you can see why it starts to resemble a circus. 

"A delegate from the Asiatica," a voice announced, rousing me from my thoughts. Snapping back to the present, I nodded; a gorgeous young Asian woman with lustrous black hair was escorted to my throne. I couldn't tell if she was from what had formerly been Japan, China, the Phillipines, Korea, or whatever (all of them now combined as the Asiatica province, plus Australia). It didn't matter; she was lovely. She glided forward; I could tell she was walking on stilettos even though her Chinese robe obscured everything. She walked forward, then she and all her escorts bowed. I raised my finger indicating they could rise. She spoke. "My Lord, I am Asim, and I bring you greetings from Asiatica." 

"What is your business?" I asked wearily.

"If it please my Lord, I would like to discuss with you a small matter affecting some of our larger cities." As she spoke, she untied the belt around her robe and whipped it open, revealing the... other part of the bargain. She wore a bikini, the kind that I liked with prominent ties for easy removal, in a bright teal that accented the smooth brown of her skin. I glanced at her left ear--she wore two earrings, each a small round hoop with a single bead-like bulb, one of which was white and the other blue. A code--the earrings indicated what services the delegates were willing to provide. White meant fellatio, blue meant intercourse. Ho-hum--without at least those two, they wouldn't have gotten an audience in the first place. I was hoping for something more...interesting. I nodded, and she stepped aside.

"A delegate from the Province of Arabica," was the next announcement. Arabica consisted of everything from Mongolia to the Arabian Peninsula. A fine exotic beauty moved toward me, dressed as a traditional belly dancer. She had an intriguing little tassel belly-button ring. We did the little introduction thing and she stepped aside. I checked her earrings... white, blue... red. Code for submission. Eh... not really in the mood for that today.

"A delegate from Province of Afrika." I raised my eyebrows as she approached; I wasn't expecting her to be white. They were catching on to what I liked down there; I guess she must have been from the south. She was also dressed in a white robe with her hair in two spirals beside her head--an obvious attempt to mimic a famous sci-fi character from days gone by. I checked hear ear--white, blue... brown. My favorite--unimaginatively enough, a brown earring meant she did anal. When she did her introduction, she opened her robe to reveal that underneath she wore a metal bikini reminiscent of a still-famous slave girl scene from that same sci-fi franchise. I nodded appreciatively as she turned... and then, ugh. She had some big, ugly tattoo on her hip. Personal preference, sure, but I hate to see the wonderful female body graffitti-ed over with stupid tattoos. A tiny thing in an inconspicuous place, even a tramp stamp I might look past--I could just keep her on her back. But anything that interfered with my enjoyment of unadulterated female flesh--well, let's just say I had plenty to choose from, so I didn't need to lower my standards. Princess or no, she was out.

"A delegate from America," was the next announcement. The Americas were split into two provinces; from Panama to Canada was America, and everything south of that was Brasilia. She was a busty blonde dressed in the uniform of a popular American football team. I wondered if she was the real deal, cheerleader for the team that is, or if the just borrowed a uniform. Her breasts were so big, out of proportion to the rest of her, which made me suspect they were augmented. Given the choice, I'd preferred less had they been real. Within limits, of course.

"And finally, a delegate from Brittania." The British Isles were combined with Scandinavia to form one province. A lot of people questioned why I put those two together; people's knowledge of history is short. In my mind, keeping all of Europe together would have made them too big, especially since I wanted all of what had been Russia to stay together. Plus, beautiful Paris simply HAD to be the capitol of Europa; I heard enough shit from the Germans and Italians, I didn't want a bunch of Brits whining about it too. But as it was, Brittania was easily the smallest province of Terra. 

My heart skipped a beat as the delegate came into view--she was breathtaking. Fine porcelain skin, high cheekbones, flowing long red hair. As she came closer, I could see she had a few fine freckles adding interest to her already beautiful face. It also became clear that she was feeling self-conscious. Maybe because she wasn't really dressed for the part as the others were; rather than having some kind of theme, she wore a simple flowing black dress, cut just above the knee with a modest V-neckline, and heels. She exuded nervousness. She was brought before me. After the bow, she announced "Hail, your Imperial Majesty. I am Shana, and I bring tidings from Brittania." Her voice cracked once, and her eyes--a lovely pale green otherwise--were narrowed in fear. She had the look of someone fighting the urge to run. 

"Thank you all. I shall gladly attend to you as my schedule allows." They all bowed, and exited stage right. My Exalted Advisor came up to me and spoke softly "so what shall it be today, buddy?" 

"Shana," I said immediately. He rolled his eyes; I almost never passed up a redhead. Just my thing. "... and Asim." He raised his eyebrows. "Really? Not the one from Afrika?" 

"Did you see her tattoo?" 

He shook his head, but needed no further explanation. "Together or separately?" 

"Together," I replied. "How about you? You want one?" 

"I'm a big football fan," he answered slyly.

"Go for it," I returned. Standing, I retired to a private room to enjoy a cocktail or two before seeing just what the delegates had to offer.

----------

Asim and Shana stood side by side. The door was closed behind them. "Well ladies," I announced, "this is your time." 

They could not have reacted more different. Asim strode towards the throne where I sat confidently. She undid her belt while walking and threw the robe aside so she was just wearing the bikini. Then she started to dance; she seemed to know what she was doing. She played with the bikini string between her breasts; she brushed them along my face, and dangled them by my lips. I grasped it with my teeth. She pulled back, untying the string. She peeled back the cups and dangled her breast into my mouth. It was larger than I expected and had a gigantic nipple, as Asians sometimes do. Delicious. Asim let me suck her tit, but rubbed her hands provocatively along my shoulders and chest while I did. When I let go of the nipple, she did a bend, got down on her knees, and parted the folds of my robe. My erection sprung out. Brushing her hair back out of the way, she opened her lips and began to suck me. Well.

I glanced over, and saw that Shana was still standing right where she had been. I couldn't tell if she was in shock, or what. Perhaps the Bretons hadn't done an adequate job of explaining what her role should be. I gestured her over with my finger. She stood for a moment, and then nervously tottered towards the throne, stopping arm's length from my chair. I again gestured that she should come closer. She pulled up next to the armrest, and I put my arm appreciatively around her hips. This simple dress clung to her, hinting at an attractive physique still to be seen. She didn't seem to respond; I glanced up. She was transfixed with watching Asim suck my dick. I couldn't understand why she should be in shock watching me get serviced. Didn't she understand that's what she was here to do?

Asim glanced up and shot Shana a look that would kill. She was not about to share if she didn't have to--after all, whoever made me cum got five minutes of my precious ear. I've gotten more blowjobs than I could count since becoming Emperor, but Asim she was definitely in the top handful of cocksuckers I'd ever enjoyed. She had a bead piercing on her tongue, for one thing, which she used to great effect. And since she felt competition for my attention, she was now throating me, deeper and deeper. What was impressive was that she could deep-throat and hold it. She must have no gag reflex at all. 

I felt Shana take a step back, scared off by Asim's glare. I tugged her back again. I saw now she had a thin cloth belt; I tugged at it. Roused momentarily, she untied the belt. I didn't realize it was keeping her dress together, but now untied the two halves fell away gently, revealing just the slightest crack through which her skin, almost translucent, was visible. Is something wrong with her? I thought. Good thing I'd taken two, because I didn't have time to deal with a shy chick, no matter how hot, not for my afternoon sojourn. I looked up at Shana; she returned my gaze nervously, fearfully. I ran my hand along the open front of her dress, widening the valley slightly. Her demeanor didn't change. I reached up, ran my hand along the top of her shoulder under the dress. As I moved it, the dress drew back like a curtain, revealing her left breast. Her demeanor didn't change. Well, at least she's not saying no. 

I gazed at her breast. I've seen a lot of titties since I became Emperor too, but this breast was so perfect it made me catch my breath. It was pale, flawless, shaped halfway between a globe and a teardrop. It jutted out proudly, yet seemed fragile. There were a handful of freckles along its base, becoming slightly more dense as they reached the valley between them but still understated. My dick seemed to get harder--which of course encouraged Asim to deep-throat it even more. 

I brushed the other half of her dress open to reveal the other breast, then glancing up at her I reached for it with my mouth. She watched me like she didn't believe this was really happening, although she did turn towards me so that my lips could reach. Some breasts seem to want to played rough with; this one seemed delicate as fine china. I pursed my lips around the nipple gently, suckling it with the lightest of pressure. It slipped out of my mouth; I saw that it had reacted to my kiss and the nipple was erect and extended. I reached for the sweet little eraser-tip and suckled it again. I glanced up; she had her eyes closed now, but I also saw her gulp nervously. 

Suckling her wonderful breast, I ran my right hand along her belly. Her fairness gave the impression of delicateness, but I could feel with my fingers that the muscles of her belly were toned and taut. I touched the smooth skin, but soon found myself gravitating toward the other nipple. Shana rested her arm on the back of my throne and bent over slightly to give me better access to her breasts, but her eyes remained closed. Her red hair, however, tumbled gently downward onto me, brushed my face lightly in a way that almost tickled. If I had ever seen a more gorgeous creature, I certainly could not have told you when. 

Suckling the beautiful Shana's breasts, my dick was highly aroused. This played right into Asim's strengths as a world-class cocksucker. As I focused on the taste of the nipples, my penis felt a wonderful sensation. I don't know what she was doing differently, but somehow Asim was using her tongue piercing on the sensitive underside of my flesh in a way that sent a shiver down my spine. She picked up on this immediately, of course, and in a flash I felt spinal shiver-back of throat-spinal shiver-back of throat. It was amazing. And yet it still surprised me when I felt the boiling begin in my nuts. Holy shit--I hadn't even started to fuck either one yet. I couldn't tell you the last time I couldn't hold it. But Asim was so good, I felt climax right around the corner and closing fast. I tried to stop Asim before she got me off, but this is where our arrangement worked against me. Asim was focusing on my dick and ignoring Shana; when I tried to reach for her, my arm was momentarily blocked by Shana's body leaning over me. I steered around and touched Asim on the shoulder, but it was too late. The machinery was set in motion, and with a grunt I blasted my load down her eager, waiting throat.

Shana didn't know what had happened at first. She noticed I had stopped suckling her nipple, though, and then saw that Asim had stopped sucking my dick and now was thoughtfully licking my member clean with a triumphant look on her face. Shana figured it out quickly enough. She straightened, white as a ghost. 

"You have succeeded," I announced wearily, "say your peace." 

Asim stood and animatedly related a message about problems with violence in their cities. She requested that "safety zones" be established to separate rival factions. I was only half-listening; three words in I knew what this was really about. I was also watching Shana; she backed away, near tears. She had failed in her mission; she had not earned the right to deliver her message. My arm was still by her; I reached for her quickly and put my hand on her hip, indicating that I wished her to stay. She froze, in fear. 

Asim finished her pitch. "Thank you for your concerns," I said when she finished as I always did. "I shall consult with my advisors, and then craft a response to your request within seven days." She nodded, and I waved for her to be dismissed. She got up to leave; again Shana moved to follow her, but I squeezed her hip. She stayed. 

I pulled my arm out from inside her dress and stood up. She watched me fearfully. I gently pulled the two sides of her dress together, and reached for the belt; with some relief she retied her belt. "Are you so afraid of me, Shana?" I asked gently. 

"I..." her mouth flapped open and closed. "I... I guess I wasn't prepared for what was expected..." 

I nodded sympathetically. "That is unfortunate. I would have liked to hear what message you conveyed." She looked at the ground soberly. Indeed, she had missed her chance. I gently put my finger to her chin and lifted her face. "I might still be interested to hear, but I do not have time at present. There is a major state function tonight." She nodded sadly. "Would you be willing to help out? There will a lot to serve, and the kitchen staff could always use some help. Help with the banquet, and perhaps afterwards we can still discuss the message you wished to convey." 

She blinked at me with doubt, but it wasn't a difficult request. I think it's also not really clear to most people if, when the Emperor asks you something, you really have the right to refuse. In fact, I'm not sure myself--fortunately, I don't ask for unreasonable things, and so it's never been a problem "Good. Outside the door you will find Jenny--she's the one dressed in the medieval gown. Tell her to find you a uniform, and that you will help serve the banquet tonight." I nodded towards the door, and nervously she rushed out. I watched her as she left...she was such a fine specimen. What was it going to take to get her to relax?
