 My dick was hard just from watching the show. Shana was playing the part of a football cheerleader, and doing it very well. She kicked her white boots her white boots higher than her head; her red hair spun like a tornado as she twirled. Her tight white shorts accented her tight ass, her little white vest called attention to the blue shirt tied just below her bust. Her blouse was tied looser than a real cheerleader by design, though, so that more of her breasts would show during her performance. Without warning she slowed, and slunk sexily up to the throne where I sat. She dropped her blue and white pom-poms at my feet, and bent over towards me. With a flourish, she untied the knot in her blouse. She pulled the loose ends apart, showing me her lovely pale breasts. Then she bent over further so that I could reach them. She knew that I would want to suckle them, lovingly, gently, for they appeared so delicate. It was her fairness that created the illusion; in truth she was athletic, strong and in fantastic shape. But her breasts were nevertheless singularly delicious. 

With a small smile of satisfaction, she let me suck on her nipples. In the meantime, she tucked the loose ends of the blouse under her vest so they wouldn't get in the way of my access to her breasts. Then I felt her warm hands parting the folds of my royal robe, finding my penis, and stroking me. I closed my eyes with a small sigh as her hands first fondled me. Taking her cue, she now crouched down low. Brushing her red hair away from her eyes, she wrapped her lips around my dick and sucked me into her mouth. I watched myself disappear into her lovely face, subtle freckles on her fair cheeks bobbing up and down slowly while I felt her tongue massaging the sensitive nerves of my cock. She glanced up at me with her green eyes, the look on her face seeming to say "I know you like this." And she did. She'd only been a lobbyist for a couple of months, but she had clearly emerged as my favorite stress reliever. She reached for her shoulders, adjusted the vest so that it hung a little further open, just in case I'd forgotten about her breasts. I watched them bob ever so slightly as she worked her neck up and down on me. As always, I just had to reach for them and hold the soft nipples in my eager fingers. She cast me another knowing glance when she felt me touch them, as if things just weren't right until I had done so. 

She kept sucking, I kept watching. At first she had been self-conscious because I watched her working so much, but now it would have alarmed her if I didn't. She was just so...beautiful. I didn't care that her attentions were only lavished on half of my length. No, she couldn't deep-throat a salami like some of the other lobbyists and delegates that came her offering their services in exchange for my attention. It wasn't just because she was so lovely to watch; it was also because what she lacked in technique she made up for in other ways. Many girls sucked dick with a particular style to the point that it became almost automated, rote, choreographed--and predictable. Not necessarily a bad thing, but an important point of differentiation. Shana was more emotional, and she had--god this is going to sound trite--formed an emotional bond with me, which she expressed through her loving attention to my penis. She didn't know beforehand what she was going to do; when the moment came, she let her feeling guide her. It made it feel less like just another fuck, and more like... well, making love. Do I sound like a fucking sap or what? Only Shana aroused anything like that kind of reaction from me.

Shana looked up, deciding it was time. She stood, and with confident sexuality unbuttoned the skin-tight shorts. She pushed them down to her ankles in one motion by bending over without flexing her knees. Then she kicked the aside, and climbed onto me in the throne. Our eyes met as I felt her grasp me and point me between her thighs. She rubbed my penis against her cleft a few times, softening its natural resistance. Then she held me still, and I felt her pubis press against me. I didn't penetrate far the first time, but she backed off and tried again, and after the third or fourth try I felt the amazing sensation of my penis engulfed in her warm wetness. Putting her hands on my shoulders for stability, she began to pump up and down using her strong but slender thighs. This was one thing she was as good at as any girl I'd ever known--being on top. Clearly, she liked being on top. Maybe it was the sense of control. I rested my hands on her lovely bare hips, letting her fuck me. Slowly but steadily, she increased the pace of her bobbing. She closed her eyes, arching her back slightly and tilting her head back just a hair. She did this when SHE was getting into it, and I loved to watch it. I liked it so much that I decided to help; slid my left hand down, reached my thumb between her thighs, and rubbed her clit with it. It wasn't the easiest to keep massaging her clit while she bobbed up and down, but it was well worth the effort. 

"Ohh..." she sighed as she felt me touch her most sensitive area. She bent forward now, towards me, pumping even harder. I didn't always do this, but when I did it almost always brought her to orgasm as well. Her red hair tumbled into my face. She brushed it back quickly, opened her eyes again with longing. Her mouth twitched ever so slightly. I reached up slightly so that our lips could meet. This essentially gave her permission to kiss her Emperor, and with it she kissed me with all the fervor of the excitement she felt. Another thing about Shana--she was the only girl that I really kissed. All others were directed to address any oral attentions somewhat lower down. But that was part of the deal with her--the more excited she got, the more she wanted to kiss. And the kissing in turn fed her excitement; she was fucking me so hard the heavy wood-framed throne was shaking. It was awesome. 

All at once she stopped kissing me and threw her arms around my neck. Her eyes opened, but were unfocused. Her thrusting, however, continued unabated. I knew this look; it meant she was close. I gazed towards me, unfocused for a few moments, her mouth opened and she began to breath hard. She was rocking me as hard as she could. Then it happened... she sucked in, closed her eyes, and fell onto me, holding me tightly. Then I could feel her whole body shake with spasms of orgasm. But the most intense was my penis--her vagina contracted in tiny pulses around my cock. Shudder....shudder... oh. I had been so close anyway, and those lovely little contractions pushed me over the top. Just as the last throes of her orgasm faded, my penis blasted its first burst of juice into her boiling depths. As her senses returned, she felt my ultra-rigidity, felt me twitch, perhaps even felt my semen splattering her cervix. She held still so that I could complete my orgasm in the position that had triggered it. 

The last twitch emptied my sac bare. The first thing I did was grab her back, pull her down and kiss her. That was exactly what she wanted too, of course, but hesitated to initiate. It's not a good idea to try to impose your will on an Emperor with absolute power. I still held her close, but opened my eyes and stopped kissing. "Where did you learn that?" I asked with admiration and gentleness. She'd spent her whole life in Brittania, how had she learned so well the moves of an American football cheerleader?

"Did you like it?" she purred with just a hint of Scots-Irish accent. 

"I LOVED it," I agreed heartily. "Can I get an encore? Maybe during halftime, if I ever get the chance to watch a game some day?"

"Sure," she purred and kissed my nose quickly. "Just don't ask me to actually DO cheerleading, because I still don't have the foggiest as to how your silly game works. Nothing more embarrassing than cheering at the wrong time." We smiled at each other. Then I saw her smile fade to frown. "Are you SURE you liked it?" I knew her well enough by now to recognize fear and anxiety.

"What's wrong, darling?" I asked gently. "What that just transpired would give you any reason to think that I was losing interest in you?"

"Nothing," she replied uncertainly. "It's just... well..."

"Let me guess. Some of the other girls are trying to convince you that I'm about to turn you out."

She frowned. "Yes..."

"You know that you're the only girl I see every day, right? That you're the only girl I've EVER seen every day? They're just jealous of how much more money you're making than they are." 

"Maybe... but they keep talking about... you know..." She curled her neck slightly, a signal towards her left ear. There was one other way in which Shana was not like any of the other lobbyists: she did not wear the brown earring. She wore white and blue, indicators of the two orifices she had just utilized to please me. But her lack of a brown earring meant she was not willing to provide ALL of her holes for my enjoyment. Shana was the only woman I'd ever promoted to lobbyist (basically, a regular delegate) that didn't wear a brown earring.

I loved everything about screwing Shana, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't sometimes think about her, um, final frontier. "Have you ever tried it, Shana? Did you have a bad experience? You've never really said why you DON'T have one..." 

Shana got off me like she'd been stung. My now limp prick slipped tiredly from her pussy as she got off of me. She looked more concerned and afraid than ever. I reached for her chin. "Shana, don't take it like that. I'm just trying to understand..."

She tried to avoid my gaze. I could see a tear starting to form. "I'm afraid, all right?"

"Afraid of what, honey? Have I ever hurt you?" She shook her head slightly. "Of course not... Yes, anal sex could hurt...but not if you do it right. I'd never hurt you."

"Maybe it doesn't hurt other girls," she half-cried, "but what if I'm not like other girls? What if it DOES hurt me?" 

I jumped up and kissed her strenuously. I felt her tension soften slightly as the kiss lingered. "Of course you're not like other girls. I don't let any other girls kiss me like that. Shana, you can say anything you want to me--I'd make you my queen if I could, you know that. Please... don't fret..." She tried to smile bravely, then we kissed again briefly.

The Esteemed Advisor--Chuck--burst in. It was ten minutes past the alloted hour, and he was surprised Shana was still here. "Oh... excuse me..." he apologized.

"It's OK," Shana said, "I was just leaving." He raised an eyebrow when he saw Shana's outfit. The cheerleader thing was right up his alley, but everyone knew better than to dare even think of touching Shana. Other girls I might consider sharing, but Shana was MY woman. At least as much as could be, given the Federation requirements that I neither marry nor sire children.

"I just wanted to tell you that the representatives from Brittania and Europa will be coming next Tuesday to discuss shipping routes," he announced.

"Fuck!" I cursed. Shana was taken aback; she'd never seen me respond like that to official business. 

"I'm sorry," Chuck added, then disappeared. Shana shot me a quizzical look. 

"Sorry," I apologized, "I don't usually get upset like that. It's just that Tuesday is my birthday."

"It is?" she asked.

"Yes," I sighed wearily, "it's not something I want advertised though, OK?"

"OK," she agreed disappointed. "But still... what do you want for your birthday?"

I frowned. "I'm an Emperor with absolute power. I can have any material thing I want. I have sex with beautiful women 2, 3 times a day. I don't want presents for my birthday. The one thing I wanted was maybe, just maybe, to have a day off. Everyone sees all the luxuries I have--no one thinks about the fact that I never have time to use them. This is a job that NEVER ceases. I can travel all I want, but I never really get a vacation. The work always follows me. And now, it looks like I can't even take off a day for my birthday." She blinked at me, wanting to say something but having no idea what. "Anyway, I'm late for another meeting. What is your message?" 

She snapped back to earth. "Oh... I almost forgot. Wireless Corp. is asking you to consider deregulating the industry further. They feel they can be competitive in other provinces, but the current system gives local competition too many advantages. They feel that they can provide better service worldwide if they can expand their customer base worldwide. Do you want the details?" 

"Spare me," I replied wearily. "Tell me--what is your take on this one? Is there a good reason why I should do this?" 

She shook her head. "I don't care either way--this is a contract I took solely for the bounty. Frankly, it sounds like greed to me, but who am I to judge? I'm taking their money to deliver their message."

"And I hope it's a pretty penny," I agreed. "Tell you what--can you pass on a message to Wireless Corp.? Personally, I mean."

She thought about it. "Yeah, I think that should be possible."

"Good. Tell them that I've got interplanetary carriers clamoring to get in on the Earth market. Carriers with technology decades ahead of ours, carriers who would be able to offer intergalactic service free--service carriers like Wireless can't offer at all. Tell them that the only reason they haven't overwhelmed the Terran market is because of regulations designed to protect our local providers. Then ask them if they really want deregulation." The corners of her mouth curled slightly at my response. I gave her a quick kiss adieu, and went back to work.

-----------

I groaned as I got up Tuesday morning. Back when I was just an everyday civil servant, I always took a vacation day on my birthday. Now, as Emperor of Terra, I guess I wasn't allowed. With a sigh, I put on my royal robe and headed down for breakfast in the great hall. I was two steps outside my door, when Chuck and Shana intercepted me. "Good morning, and Happy Birthday, your Imperial Highness," Shana greeted. I nodded sullenly, "thank you, Shana." It was unusual to see her first thing in the morning, but I didn't think much of it because it was a pleasant surprise.

"In honor or your birthday, breakfast will be served on the Vista Deck," the Esteemed Advisor added. He had a suspicious look on his face, like he couldn't quite keep a smile off his face for some reason. 

"The Vista Deck?" I was surprised; that was clear on the other side of the island, on a site that once was an extremely posh resort. Even in the hovershuttle, it was a 15-minute ride. "What time do I need to meet with the ambassadors?" 

"Tomorrow," Shana said with a smile.

"Tomorrow?" 

"Indeed--it seems that Miss Shana, being Brittanic, was able to convince the ambassadors that their requests might be better received if they waited until tomorrow to deliver them. They were agreeable." I smiled, not believing my ears. "You've got the day off, Jack," Chuck summarized.

"Hot damn! Then it IS a happy birthday!" I agreed enthusiastically. "Let's go." 

We all boarded the hovershuttle and headed across the island. One of my valets took my royal robe so I could replace it with a relaxing shirt and boardshorts. I got off and headed down to the Vista deck, excited for a day of nothing but relaxing. What I didn't know was that Shana had been working with Chuck for a week planning this surprise, and it would end up being anything but relaxing--but far, far more fun.

After breakfast, there was volleyball game in the wonderful Maui sand. Shana had organized two teams, each consisting of three older male advisors or bureaucrats (mostly old friends of mine from the pre-Federation days), and three young, athletic females from among the lobbyists and household staff. Chuck was the captain of the other team; Shana only played in the first few games before allowing herself to be replaced by one of the cabana girls (a native Hawaiian) so she could attend to later details. At first my team was dominating, but then the girls on the other side got sick of losing, so when they came back from the ice tea/re-sunblocking break, they had all removed their tops. All at once, for some reason, balls we had been fielding cleanly started catching us by surprise, as if we weren't fully paying attention to the game or something. Our girls cried foul, and responded in the only way possible--they took their tops off, too. It wasn't much of a volleyball game after that, but it sure was fun playing with all those topless women. Every time one went down into the sand for a dig, the guys around her fell into the sand as well, with one or more personal fouls ensuing. When one girl retaliated by stuffing her hand into Chuck's shorts, well, the whole game ground to halt as six men lay in the sand, shorts around our knees, while getting sandy blowjobs from our lovely topless teammates. 

After volleyball was lunch. During our luncheon, Shana had organized a strip-off. Five girls did ten minute sets each. The last one was particularly good--one of the bar staff, she stripped out of her French maid costume, and her show scorching hot. What food was left on my plate was forgotten halfway through. Happily, Shana did me a service, ducking under the table and sucking me to relief as I watched the show. 

The afternoon was set aside for a poker game. It was kind of like old times, most of those guys being the guys I'd played with when we were young. But it was a little different, sitting in a cabana on a beautiful tropical beach. And what was really different was the mid-afternoon refreshment. We'd all been drinking booze throughout the game, but then about 3 they wheeled in a small table with some munchies. Then they wheeled in two large tables, which they set to either side. Then six women in bikinis walked in. All at once, they each stripped out of their bikinis, lay back on the tables, grabbed their ankles and spread their legs. It wasn't just a snack break, it was a fuck break! I got first choice of pussy of course, picking another native Hawaiian girl in the spirit of the day and dipping my wick into her. A lot of the other guys were married, but how do you turn down an offer like that? The married guys all seemed to go around to the other side of the tables, forgoing the proffered pussies in exchange for a blow. Maybe they felt less guilty that way, I don't know. Not me. I busted a nut inside of lovely brown pair of thighs.

Eventually we played a little more poker, and all of us were pretty sauced by the time dinner rolled around. Dinner was a full-on luau, however, so as we stuffed ourselves with food, the effects of the alcohol diminished. The first part of the entertainment consisted of some more of the native Hawaiian girls doing traditional dances, only topless or in the case of the fire dancer totally nude. The other advisors were then sent back, leaving Chuck and myself to observe the crowning event--the best ass competition. And, of course, to cap the evening I got to fuck whichever ass was declared the winner.

We moved inside, where a throne was set up in an open room. Chuck stood behind me to the left, Shana to the right, as the competition got started. The first girl to go was a delegate from Afrika. She was quite beautiful, but you can't change taste and I just preferred pale skin over dark. But that baby did have back—I'm sure she would have been the easy favorite of any brother in the area. It was highly arousing when she alternately tightened and released one cheek after another in rapid succession, to be sure. I had no trouble imagining a ride on the Hershey highway between those chocolate cheeks, but would she be my favorite?

The second to strut her stuff was a delegate from Brasilia. She had tan skin but blonde hair, bleached lighter by exposure to sun. She had a great body, and a great ass of course. Hmm. Both she and the Afrikaan had advantages and disadvantage.
