 Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company

-Mark Twain 

Lucifer

*****

Hell. My domain, my home, my kingdom.

Here in the lake of fire, I overlooked the damned as they scream in agony. They screamed, and demanded for punishment here in the inferno. There was not a single soul here who does not call this place their home. There was no such things as deserve. You either want the suffering or you don't. 

As I flew over the the abysmal plains, I saw numerous sinners being tortured by my Hellspawn. The murders, the rapists, the greedy, the gluttons, the envious, the prideful, the lustful, the sloth, and the wrathful. Everyone comes here of their own accord for their sins. Once they are washed of their past deeds, I let them go and send them back to the mortal planes. 

The good lord does what he wants with them. It is none of my business what he had in store for the sinners. 

As I descend towards the seventh circle, I saw my good friend the Minotaur guarding the entrance.

Standing at seven feet, the Minotaur rival that of any giant. He had a head of a bull, a body of a muscle freak, and an ax that could slice anyone in half.

He was also a good acquaintance of mine.

"Good day, minotaur." I said. 

"Good day to you Lord of the Damned." The Minotaur said. "How's ruling the mass of the masochists sheep doing?"

"Same shit, different shovel."

"You sound bored." 

"Fuck no! It is never a boring day in Hell. With so much imaginative torment one can never be-"

A soul was descending from the abysmal sky. It was a female with long golden hair, pale white skin, and sapphire blue eyes. She was very beautiful. 

Now normally I would consider ignoring the damned. However, I knew her from a time I thought I left behind. So long that not even God could remember. 

"Tessa?" I gasped.

The soul ignored me as she entered the gate. 

"Excuse me." I said without looking at the Minotaur. "I got a serious matter to attend to."

"Okay." The Minotaur said. "Have fun."

I ignored the Minotaur as I entered the circle of violence. 

Now, I have seen some horrible shit in my time in Hell. Beasts raping the damned, Demons stabbing the sheep, and stitching up eye balls of the tormented, even flaying of one's sex, etc. But nothing could prepare me for the terror that took before me.

Tessa was strapped to a thorny chair by two pig like men. She left out a deafening scream as spike entered her backside. Blood spilled freely as her legs are forced to open up.

Oh fuck, I thought to myself, not this. Not this.

"Punish me!" Tessa demanded. "I deserve it!"

One of the pigmen got in front of her. Taking out its prick, he rubbed it against Tessa cunt. 

"Stop." I whispered. 

The pigman did not listen. He pulled his hip back and slam the thirteen inch monster into Tessa's sex.

"Stop it!" I said a little louder.

Tessa went into a deep trance as the pigman fucked her. Her brain was not used to the pain. It will take at least a couple of months for her defense mechanism to erode.

"Stop it!!" I screamed. 

For a whole minute, the abyss stood still to the sound of my own voice. No demon, or damned, dared to breath or utter a word. No one screamed, torture, or raped knowing that plane was on thin ice. 

I walked towards Tessa and pulled her off the spiked chair. She screamed in pain as I dragged her towards the gate. 

The pig men dared not to utter a word.

"Please." Tessa begged. "I deserve to be punished. I need to-" 

I slapped her across the face. 

"Get your shit together." I yelled. "What the fuck are you doing in Hell?"

Tessa shivered to my booming voice. I was so enraged that I failed to realize that I was scaring her.

"I..." Tessa said as tears trailed down from her eyes. "Oh please don't yell at me."

I never seen tears in Perdition. I saw shit, piss, blood, and cum in all unusual places. But never tears.

"Sorry." I said for the first time in years. "I just want to know why you are here."

I wiped the tears away from Tessa eyes. She gave me a hurt look as if she was little child.

"I euthanize my parents."

***

A moment in the inferno can feel as if it was a thousand years. So it should not be surprising that Tessa passed out.

As I carried her in my arms, I flew us towards my home in the City of Dis. 

The city of Dis was a hot volcanic mountain where many of the harshest sinners go. In the center of the volcano was a huge castle that resembles of medieval times. As I entered the city's gates, the Furies greeted me with a sadistic look on their faces.

The furies were three naked old women who had long bat wings and carrying all sorts of weapons. They had red eyes and teeth sharper than any blade. Their image are so terrifying that they even scared me.

"Morning star," The Furies said in unison. "Have you brought fresh meat for us to play with?"

"Not today." I said.

"Oh! So we have another wh-"

"Not." I growled. "Today." 

The Furies backed off with terror in their eyes. A rare sight that no mere being had ever witnessed. 

The gates of my home opened without as much as an ordered. Reality obeys my will in Hell. From the lowest Damned to the lying gods. No one was above my authority. 

Entering my home, it was a luxurious palace that rivals even Paradise castles. There were no tormenting figures, no demons, and no damned. There was only the serine of silence, the human looking servants, who look like super models, and even the finest furniture. 

Hell may be entertaining, but my home was an oasis of sanity. There was so much pain and torture one could handle before going crazy. Besides, I want some peace and quiet for who I had in my arms. 

"Good evening, master." One of my many concubine servant greeted me. "How may we be of service?"

"Give this lady some decent clothing." I said as I took Tessa to the guest chamber. "And something edible. It was her first day in Hell and I want to reduce the trauma she has been through." 

"Yes, master. Will there be anything else?"

"No. Just tend to this woman's needs."

The bed chambers opened and I laid Tessa on the bed. I covered her naked body with a bed spread. 

Before I exited the chambers, I looked back to gaze on her beautiful face. 

God, it has been so long since I saw that face. So long, it could easily be another lifetime. 

I closed the door and made my way to my room.

***

I entered my bed chamber to see my finest concubine lying naked on the bed. 

Having beautiful firm breasts, and a shaven pussy, the concubine was more beautiful than any model. Her long brown hair reached towards her backside. Her steely blue eyes were a mixture of innocents and lust. Finally, her skin was a balance between dark tanned and pale white. 

Her name was Heather and she was the finest whore anyone could ask.

Whatever I wanted she obeyed. Whether it was an intense fuck in any of her three holes, threesome, foursome, or even gay or straight. There was nothing forbidden when it comes to this grade A slut.

"Hello, my master." Heather said as she played with her harden nipples. "How can I serve you today?"

Normally, I would strip my clothing and fuck the living shit out of her. Just seeing her naked was enough to get me hard. Yet, my mind was not on sex right now.

"You can start by putting on your clothes." I said as I took a seat on the bed. "I am in no mood."

"What's wrong?" Heather asked as she put on her red silk robe. "Usually I would be screaming your name by now."

"I had a rough day."

Heather gave me a concern look as she gave me a backrub. Her dainty smooth hands felt great between my shoulder blades. Putting a little ease into my already wrecked nervous system.

"Do you care to talk about it?" Heather asked.

"You don't want to hear it." I said. 

"Of course I do! You saved me from the horrors of the circle of Lust. I owe you my whole existence."

It took me a moment to think of the words. Should I tell this trollop about Tessa or keep it to myself? Whatever the case, I knew Heather would not understand. Shit, it might bring out the backstabber in her.

"You know what?" I said. "I could use a blow job right now."

Heather winced to my blunt statement. 

"Are you sure you okay?" Heather asked. "Normally you would seduce me into giving you a blow job."

"Just need something to keep my mind occupied." I said as I kissed Heather on the smooth lips. 

Kissing one another like a couple of teenagers, I placed my tongue into Heather's mouth. Like always, she did not reject my advance as she wrestle my invading tongue. 

As we continued to kiss, I took my hand and entered Heather's robe. I felt her harden nipple between my finger tips and gave them a hard twist. 

"Oh fuck!" Heather gasped.

I looked down to find Heather's cunt moisten like an ocean. A sign that she was willing to do anything. 

Like a slutty vixen she was, Heather got on to her knees and pulled out my tool. She took my whole cock into her mouth without any resistance. I felt jolts of ecstasy struck my body as Heather used her teeth to nibble on my mushroom head. Then she bobbed her head back and forth. Sucking the life out of my member. I tilted my head back as my mind was paralyzed by bliss. Nothing existence in my world except Heather's throat and her teeth. 

God, she sucked like a goddess.

As I approached my orgasm, I took Heather's head and forced her against my pelvis. I fucked her face until I shot a large volume of cum into her mouth. 

I laid down on to my back as I breathe heavily from the blow job. Heather got up from her knees and stood right before me.

"Thank you for the cum, master." Heather said with a devilish grin. "As usual, you taste very good."

"Thanks for the compliment." I said with a weak smile. "Now be off. I need some time to think."

"Yes, my master." 

As Heather left my personal sanctuary, I pulled my pants up and try to keep my mind away from Tessa. 

Yet like an elephant in the room, I knew there was no escape. 

What a fucked up day, I thought to myself. Even for the Lord of Hell.