 Tremendous thanks to my editor Afroscorpio!

*****

Frank got his sneakers on and headed outside. It was 9:30pm. 

The kids were in bed, his wife busy playing the latest game she was into, This was one of the few opportunities in his day to get a little exercise and a little time to himself. A good time to get his thoughts together. It was dark, but not pitch black. In this suburbia, house lights and the rare street light, along with the moon, give him all the light he needed. He walked carefully and slowly. 

A little over 50 Frank had come to understand that we may have ambitious, adventurous dreams when we're young, but as we get older, we learn to live with disappointment, boredom and frustration. 

Many had it worse. He liked a lot about life. He loved his kids. He loved his wife, even if she didn't seem that interested in what he felt he needed - affection, affirmation, encouragement. 

As he walked past a drainage ditch that sometimes seemed like a creek he looked to see if he could see any of the ducks, fish or birds he enjoyed watching. It was dark, so they likely weren't there or easily seen, but it was still fun to look. 

He saw the moonlight bounce off something - like a piece of sheet metal, a pipe or something? Someone or something would get hurt on that, he thought.

He walked closer and against his better judgement, he jumped down the few feet into the ditch, onto a dry pile of sand and stones. He used his foot to clear the debris around the object. It was made of some thin, glossy steel-like metal. It was curved like a pipe, about 6 inches wide or so. Maybe part of some gutter trash or something. He squatted down to get a better look at it. As soon as his hand got close to the metallic thing it flew up, paused in the air for a moment, then like a jaw, opened and shot out, fastening itself on his left wrist. 

Frank stood up fast, his eyes wide and his right hand reached out to anxiously pull at the metal. 

"It's ok, Master. It won't harm you," a woman's voice said to him from inches away. 

His head spun to see a petite woman wearing flowy transparent silk pants and a puffy blouse, her hair black, thick and shiny like her eyes. She looked exotic.

Frank was startled and he stumbled backwards. The woman had appeared out of nowhere. She stood so close to him, he could feel her breath on his skin when she spoke. He stepped back and his foot slipped on the loose soil and gravel. He started to fall, his arms now flailing, trying to help him keep his balance. 

The woman grabbed Frank at the waist, stopped him from falling. She was really strong but Frank's focus was on her large chest, he could clearly see her dark brown dollar sized areolas through the thing blouse she wore now pulled tightly against her. Her body was pressed against him and he could barely breathe. She smiled and raised him back on his feet.

"Who are you? Where did you come from?" Frank stammered looking around.

Confused but not worried about the woman anymore. Frank's eyes now scanned the woman before him, he saw the narrow waist, the curvy wide hips and the shapely strong legs.

The woman curtsied low.

"I am a Genie, magically attached to that armband that you found." she said nonchalantly.

Frank unconsciously fumbled with the metal around his arm. He was stupefied, he looked at the woman, the armband and looked around at his surroundings trying to make sense of what he was experiencing.

"The armband can only be found by one who is worthy. The reward is me, a Genie. I am also your slave and I will grant you three wishes. When I have granted them all, the armband will fall away," she said softly almost sadly. 

Frank was not sure whether he was dreaming or hallucinating. Then he felt himself raising up, the woman lifted them both out of the ditch effortlessly. She lowered them onto a bench overlooking the ditch.

"I am sorry I took liberties by removing us from the ditch without your permission Master," she said, lowering herself and bowing her head again.

"Maybe this wasn't a delusion." Frank thought to himself

"Uh..that's ok...thank you," Frank said. 

He sat, and gestured for her to sit, as well. 

"You're...you're attached to this armband? Like a slave?" he shuddered. 

"Yes, master. I am attached to the armband, like a slave until all your three wishes are fulfilled," she confirmed.

Frank looked at her. Wow, she was gorgeous. He thought for a moment, smiled, then shook his head.

"Do you not believe me, Master?" she asked.

"I believe you," Frank said. 

"The levitation thing, the flying armband, your incredible strength and speed, they all convinced me. What an exciting opportunity for me!" Frank said cheerfully

The genie smiled and nodded.

"And yet, I don't feel like it is an exciting opportunity," Frank said regretfully.

The genie was now stupefied.

"It's tempting, don't get me wrong. It would be really nice to have life how I want it," he lamented. 

"It hasn't really been for a while. But if there's something I've learned from being married, and having kids and seeing a bit of life, it's that life isn't all about me," he said looking straight at her. 

"I can make it better in small ways, like trying to get junk out of ditches. And sometimes you get the opportunity to do something big. I think I have that opportunity now." He cheered up again.

The genie looked even more confused.

"I don't want to use you as a slave, get wishes from you, so you can go on and do whatever other people want forever. That's horrible. I want you to be free to do what you want. Can I do that, somehow?" Frank asked with genuine concern.

"What...you..." she stammered.

"Ah, I guess this isn't your typical request," Frank said, smiling.

"I'm not surprised. Seems like a tremendous opportunity to be rich, healthy and young again, and to experience a ton of pleasure. It's just wrong to do that on the backs of slaves, though. So can I do that?"

"I've never been asked this before," the genie said. Her brows knit together in a frown.

"I survive through the connection that the armband has to mankind. Doing this would keep that armband on you forever. And I reside in it. So while I'd be free from having to grant people wishes, you'd be a slave to keeping me by you, sustaining me," she cautioned.

Frank looked at the shiny steel band that snugly fit over six inches of his forearm. 

"I don't know exactly what that entails, but I don't see you being a slave as acceptable under any circumstances. If I need to help you, I will help you."

"My powers will be lessened. I'll still be a genie, but not as powerful, and not obliged to obey you," she said, looking at him cautiously.

"Well, yes, I wouldn't expect you to obey me. I'm sorry you'll be attached to me, though. Doesn't seem like that much freedom. And it will raise some interesting questions from people for sure!" Frank laughed.

"Oh, others won't see me. No one can see me now, in fact," she said.

"People will see the armband. And as far as your view of freedom," she laughed, "compared to what I've lived for longer than you can imagine, this life we're discussing would be unimaginable freedom."

"Great then," Frank said. "Let's do it. You are free. Or, is there a way that I should say it?" Frank enquired.

"Are you sure?" the genie asked, hesitantly.

"Yes, absolutely. Will be interesting never being alone again, but we'll figure that out."

The genie closed her eyes, took a deep breath, lifted her hands, palms up, and sighed.

Frank felt the armband warm. He got nervous he was about to be roasted, all he could think was - roasted goose, but then it stopped. The genie opened her eyes. Frank looked quizzically at her. 

"It's done," she said.

"Oh," Frank said. "Less dramatic than I thought it would be! Well...I was going for a walk before we...met. Want to come along?"

"Do I want to go? Wow. I actually feel like I have a voice now," the genie said. "Yes, I'd like to go for a walk. I haven't been asked to do things like that very often."

"I like walks," Frank told the genie. "They're good for sorting out your thoughts. Letting go. Getting to know people."

"That sounds nice," the genie said. 

They started walking, the silence, the purposelessness of their walk welcoming to one of them and awkward to the other.

"Uh, I'm sorry," Frank said. "Are you cold? Are your shoes comfortable enough for walking?"

"I'm very comfortable, thank you," the genie said. "I don't get uncomfortable that easily."

"Oh, that's good," Frank said. "What is your name? I realize we became locked together for life and I don't even know what to call you."

"My name is Aima. And you're Frank."

"Yes. But how do you know that?"

"That armband connects us on a deep level, Frank. I won't poke around without you knowing, but I can hear your thoughts," she added quickly.

"Really?" Frank said, alarmed. 

"Yes," Aima said. "And you can hear mine, too. At least the ones I want you to hear," she confessed. 

"That was done to prevent genies from being tricky and trying to twist their masters wishes around," she informed him 

"By the way, an elderly woman is walking toward us with a dog." she added as they walked along.

Frank strained to focus on what Aima said she saw, and in a couple of minutes his neighbor, Mrs. Davis and her trusty dog came into view. Frank felt panic as he thought of how to explain Aima.

Mrs. Davis's dog sniffed Frank knowingly as they walked by, Mrs. David greeted him matter of factly and walked by. Frank was kind of startled.

"They won't know I'm here, unless you- that is, unless I want them to know I'm here," Aima said, adjusting her sentence to reflect that she was in control of herself now.

"Oh yes, I hadn't quite processed that tidbit yet," Frank said.

"Did you say something, Frank?" Mrs. Davis called from 15 feet or so away.

"Oh, just talking to myself, Mrs. Davis. You caught me!" Frank joked.

"Try and send me a thought," Aima said. "Then no one will notice anything out of the ordinary."

Frank worked on it, and soon was able to send thoughts to Aima easily. The only problem was filtering his thoughts, which flowed freely.

"Don't worry about that, Frank," Aima thought. "Remember, I'm not human. I'm a genie. I'm accustomed to hearing what people really want."

"OK," Frank thought back. "I suppose I'll have to get used to that. If you can be invisible and silent, I suppose it won't be an issue taking you home with me," he said as they walked in silence 

"Why don't we head back? I should actually walk some more, try to get some exercise, but I can do that tomorrow." 

"Ah, I see. You do this to have time to think, and to be healthy. Exercising, trying to lose weight?" Aima enquired.

"Yes, that's the idea," Frank said, conceding it didn't seem to work too well.

"Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore. I can help you," Aima said.

"How? Are you a personal trainer or something, too?" Frank asked.

"Goodness," Aima said. "You really don't seem to get the part about me being a genie," she laughed. 

"Even with limited powers I can surely change your body!" It was a thought, but it sounded like she snorted dismissively. 

"Since I don't even need you to wish so that I can obey I can hear your thoughts and I think I know what to do..."

"Wait!" Frank thought, stopping Aima.

"No, it's ok, I want to do this for you," Aima said.

"Thank you. I know you do, and I know I'd appreciate it. But you can't just change me. My family, friends and other people will notice."

"Ah, good thinking, Frank!" Aima thought, smiling and nodding. "I'll change you gradually. Not too slowly. People might tell themselves some of your change of appearance is from healthier living. People try to reason away magic when they encounter it."

"What do you have in mind?" Frank asked. He had thought she was just going to get rid of some of his extra weight.

"Oh, slim you down, sure. Correct joint wearing, damaged bones and muscles. No one will notice that stuff," she reassured. "And, hmm, make you more muscular. Thicker hair, more defined facial features..." she said excitedly enjoying her makeover plans.

Frank was stunned at what would happen to him.

"Taller...like 6 inches taller. Oh, and a bigger cock" Aima smiled sexily. "Then make you able to cum as many times as you'd like and still get hard again," she winked and licked her lips sensually.

Frank choked a little. 

"Is that too tall?" Aima enquired innocently. 

"Tall? What? No, that's a good idea, a great idea. I'd like that," Frank exclaimed.

"I know. That's why I suggested it!" she bragged.

"I was startled by the other things you were suggesting," Frank confessed. 

"Don't be shy around me," Aima said, playfully swatting at Frank. 

She smiled at him, took his arm, and pulled it closer as they continued walking.

"Remember Frank - I'm not human. I'm a genie. I don't get embarrassed or self conscious. And I know what men like, and I know your thoughts," she smiled cheekily at him.

"OK," Frank blushed. 

Trying to get used to someone being in his head, knowing his private desires. He felt Aima's large chest press against his arm as she pulled closer to him. Thinking about it, excited him. Knowing his thoughts were clear to her, embarrassed him, and made her laugh. 

When they got to Frank's house he took a deep breath, knowing Aima was invisible, but still feeling like his wife would see him walking in with a strange woman. Aima quietly reassured him in his head.

Frank and Aima walked into the house, closed the door behind them and entered his bedroom. His wife was laying in bed on her side, facing the door Frank and Aima had just come through, watching a show on her tablet. 

"Hi sweetheart," she said to Frank, looking up. "Did you have a nice walk?"

Frank held his breath, but Jeanine, his wife, didn't seem to notice anything strange. "Yes, it was nice, thanks."

"I hid the armband," Aima told him. He hadn't even thought of that. 

"Shower then come join me?" Jeanine requested.

"Uh... yeah, yes I am," Frank said. He walked quickly into the master bathroom, Aima tagged along with him.

"She seems nice," Aima said. 

Frank thought for a moment, trying to formulate what he was going to say.

"You don't need to be self conscious around me, Frank. Take your shower. And for goodness sake, I don't exist to your wife and I'm not jealous of her! I'm a genie! And, I don't get jealous," she reminded him.

Frank sighed. No need to formulate thoughts. They came through unedited. Guess he should just take off his clothes and shower. As he looked up he saw Aima removing her blouse.

"Oh... do you need to shower, too?" Frank stammered.

"No, Frank," Aima said, laughing. "I just thought you'd be more comfortable if I disrobed first. Then you don't have to feel embarrassed ." 

Her blouse came off, revealing her beautiful full breasts with a slight sag, the hard dark brown nipples surrounded by brown areolas. Franks eyes almost popped out of his head.

Aima smiled at him with a crooked smile, untied something on her flowing pants, they dropped to the floor. Her shapely legs, curvy wide hips and narrow waist fully exposed. Her smooth, brown skin and the thick patch of dark hair covering her sex. She turned and bent over at the waist to pick her clothes up, showing her big, round ass. Frank's jaw dropped. Aima straightened up, turned and looked at Frank. 

"Thank you Frank," she said in response to his thoughts that he couldn't hide from her.

She smiled, tilting her head, making her smile seem demure, while her naked body oozed sensual sexiness. 

"I figured I'd rinse off and get ready for bed, too. Your turn now," she said, gesturing up and down at his body. 

She then threw her clothes at the armband on Frank's arm. The clothes turned to vapor and were sucked into the armband. Frank looked startled.

"Genie stuff, Frank. Come on, off with the clothes. I want to see my handiwork." she clapped her hands excitedly.

Frank frowned. The changes she had made weren't going to be very visible yet. He figured he might as well get going with stripping down. It was going to happen and delaying it would only make the situation stranger for him and Jeanine might question why he was taking so long to get the shower going. He pulled off his shirt, and taking a deep breath pulled his shorts and underwear down.

"Oh wow," Aima said, sliding from resting on one foot to the other, rubbing her thighs together. "I did well. Really well."

Frank frowned, confused, and moved over to the full length mirror in his bathroom. Looking back at his reflection to someone like him, but not him. Taller, more muscular, thicker hair on his head, a stronger jaw and shoulders, and then he saw it, a cock that looked like another forearm hanging between his strong legs, resting in front of two big, full balls. 

"Aima - " Frank said, barely holding back from saying it aloud. "You were supposed to do this gradually! Jeanine will definitely notice this," he said moving his hands up and down his body, as if there might be doubt about what he was talking about.

"Oh, silly," Aima said, sliding up alongside him and swatting at his firm butt. 

"People who know you," she started, now stroking his muscular chest and abs, "Will see this all come about gradually." 

Her hand slid around lower. She touched his butt. "But you, I and people who haven't met you yet," she said, her hand sliding, now around the base of his thick, long, cock "Will see this," she finished, stroking him slowly.

"Wait -." Frank said, stepping away from Aima. "I'm attracted to you, you know I am. And we'll be together. But I don't know how I feel about us...being like this."

Aima didn't look surprised, hurt or confused. "Frank," she started gently, "you freed me." 

She led him over to the shower, he turned it on, still looking at her and listening to her, his cock twitched, in protest at his attempt to tell Aima that he didn't want her. 

She pushed him under the water. He still stared at her, trying to look into her big, dark eyes and listen, his eyes drifting down from her wavy, shiny black hair, to her full round breasts and hard brown nipples, down her narrowing waist to her wide hips. The water splashing on her hairy pussy and her shapely legs. 

"You freed me. So if I choose you," she said, her hands reaching out to touch his sides.

"If I call you...Master," she said stepping into the flow of water with him. "If I choose to pleasure you," she said, kneeling in front of him, keeping her eyes on his face. 

"It is my will. I'm not trying to take you away from your wife. I'm not jealous, I'm not human - I'm a genie," she reminded him, cooing as she moved her hands, gently holding his massive cock. 

Frank watched her, paralyzed. 

"Think of me as your concubine," she said, slowly and stroking him gently. "I'm here to service you, the way you need to be serviced" she purred sensually. 

"Look at this cock, these balls- they deserve to be worked." she said, stroking his cock, firmly cupping his balls, while looking deep into his eyes.

Frank pulled away.

"I...I don't know. I know you know I want you. And somehow what you're saying makes sense to me, but I just don't know right now. Let's just shower," he said, turning from her.

Aima smiled, stood up and soaped Frank's back. 

"As you wish, Frank," Aima said.

When they were done and dried off Frank went to pull on some long pajama pants. 

"Why are you wearing those?" Aima asked. "I'm enjoying seeing your body. You look good."

"I don't know. I always wear something to bed," Frank said. 

"Try just going to bed nude tonight," Aima suggested, putting a hand on Frank's ass. 

"OK. I'll give it a try."
