 A tongue flicked at the slickened lips of Tholena's vagina, working its way in small circles slowly and lovingly around the puffy flesh, up to the engorged nub.

The ecstasy mage groaned and writhed as she gently caressed the chestnut-haired head between her thighs. "Like that, yes," she whispered with throaty voice. "Vibrate your tongue."

Her lover complied and waves of pleasure shivered up Tholena's spine. "Seasons! Very good. Tease me...just the tip of my nub with the tip of your tongue... Aah!...tease it..." Her hips began undulating in time with the workings of her lover. "Ah! Yes. You're getting it. Very good. You'll make a worthy apprentice yet."

The young woman looked up from between her legs and giggled. She replaced her tongue with her hand, which expertly continued to caress her lover's slick opening. "You are a good teacher, Tholena. But I do wish we could do more work with the magic."

Tholena laughed. "YOU are the one who wanted to learn the ways of an Ecstasy Mage. You have to learn the physical techniques, and cunnilingus alone has over five hundred variations..."

"But the spells are so much more intense..."

"Yes, they are, but you should not rely too much on them. Magic is meant to enhance love and pleasure, not replace it. Sometimes, I wonder whether I am doing the right thing, teaching you the skills and the magic together. My own teacher made sure I had mastered all the mundane techniques before I was allowed to cast even the simplest spell. But you are always so impatient."

The young woman straightened, flung her shoulder-length brown hair back around dramatically, and arced her spine to prominently display her generous tanned breasts. "But look at what I can do!"

"Your body is beautiful, I must admit." Tholena smiled broadly, holding out her arms. "Come. Let me fully sample your latest handiwork."

The young woman slid over Tholena, slowly gliding over her sweaty torso until their breasts heaved together, nipple to nipple. Tholena cried out as the girl's hand redoubled its efforts on her folds, circling round and round, plunging in and out. The ecstasy mage met her lip for lip, tongue for tongue in a passionate kiss. The slick salty taste of Tholena's own juices passing between them brought forth moans from them both. 

Tholena's hands slowly caressed the woman's flank down to her tight buttocks, gave them a lusty squeeze, then slid them back up to play with her lover's hard nipples. "VERY nice," she purred. "But your breasts may be a bit too big. Remember, as an ecstasy mage you must not draw undue attention to yourself. Make your figure too voluptuous and too many will look your way who should not."

The woman propped herself up on her elbows. "That's only in the human kingdoms. Here in Barracca Woods its not a problem. Besides, Hart liked my bosom just fine."

Tholena chuckled. "Hart likes bosoms no matter their size. And he loves both of us dearly. But I only say it because I worry about you. I want you to be safe. Remember what happened in Tragaria."

"How could I forget?" A thoughtful silence stretched for several heartbeats before she spoke again, this time in a deep whisper. "Tholena...just this once, can we not be student and teacher, or even ecstasy mages? Can we just make love to each other as we really are, without magic, without training? Me and you. Just a normal man and woman. Just...lovers."

Tholena was momentarily taken aback, but then nodded. "Of course, Tully. If that's what you want."

The woman sat up, closed her eyes, and concentrated. Her flesh began shifting like ice melting in the desert sun. Her shoulders rose, her face and waist broadened, and her breasts shrank flat. Between her suddenly more muscular legs, the crease of her folds fused together and distended into a bulbous sack. Her nub grew and elongated into a full-fledged, fully erect male member.

A year before Tholena had had to turn the entire population of Tragaria Castle into the opposite gender as a diversion. Including Tully, who had been a prisoner there. He had enjoyed briefly being a woman so much that he intended to make gender change one of his specialties as an ecstasy mage. It was an unusual, but not an unheard of, calling in the Order. Tholena herself had temporarily changed gender a few times after Tragaria with the help of the Father Trees, just to try it out. But most in the Order preferred their birth gender, and even now Tully spent most of his time as a male. Still, whenever he was feeling kinky or playful--which was often--he missed no excuse to grow breasts and spread his--her--newly smoothed legs for some fun.

Once again wearing his original body, Tully bent back down between Tholena's legs to kiss her swollen gates, slicking his tongue on her. He tried none of the fancy moves or techniques she had taught him. No breath control, no intricate tongue patterns, no humming or other subtle vibrations.

But what he lacked in intricacy he more than made up for in intensity. Tholena with her magic sensed his powerful, primal need to please his mate surge like a tidal wave.

Tholena knew thousands of pleasurable sexual techniques, and knew dozens of ways to employ magic to enhance every single one of them. But nothing in all her life was as erotic as Tully's raw emotional hunger for her.

He kissed his way up her taut stomach, his tongue lingering hotly on the curve of her modest breasts. He lathed her nipples generously, sucking each of them hard than pebbles, until her breath exploded in short gasps.

Pushing himself up on his arms above her, Tully maneuvered his hips between Tholena's spread thighs. She marveled at how incredibly dominant, how beautifully MALE, he was as he poised his throbbing shaft at her entrance.

Their eyes met, and they exchanged the hushed words that lovers truly bound by the heart always do.

Tholena closed her eyes, relishing in every sensation as Tully slowly, gently thrust his hardness into her hungry folds. Some women described the act as a penetration, an invasion, but as she opened herself to him Tholena always thought of it as a welcoming, as sincere and warm as if she opened her arms to hug him. A welcoming to the one place in the world that Tully truly belonged. The one place she sometimes wished where he could stay forever...

His shaft pulsed deeper, and Tholena could feel the delicious friction of her walls stretching to accommodate him. His member was so hot, so powerful as it pushed further into her. Deeper...

Wait.

Too deep.

No.

Her eyes snapped open. "Hart. Please, stop. Hart? Please, just stop for a moment..."

The stag-man was poised above her, massive arms locked, eyes glazed, lost in the sensations of her sex. Understandably preoccupied, it took several heartbeats for Tholena's words to penetrate into his consciousness. Finally, though, his motions slowed and he blinked at her, confused. "Tholena?"

The ecstasy mage pensively bit her lip. "Could we--could we just stop for a moment?"

"Of course." He climbed off of her, his expression nothing but concern. "Was I doing something wrong?"

She shook her head, stroking his broad shoulder soothingly. "No, no. Its not you, Hart. You were wonderful, as always."

One look into her eyes, and he understood. "You were thinking about Tully again, weren't you?"

She bit her lip. "I'm sorry. Its unfair to you."

"Sorry? For what? I know you worry about him, Tholena. It is only natural that you would wish that he was here instead of me."

"Not INSTEAD of you, of course not! I love you dearly, Hart. You're my best friend. And if Tully were here, you know that we would both gladly share our bed with you. Its just that when you began licking me you reminded me of when Tully and I were in that glen two springs ago, and I kind of really lost myself in that for a moment..."

"Ah," the stag man said, glancing down at his now half-erect member, nearly as long as Tholena's arm. "And then when I entered you, my size clearly reminded you that I was not Tully. I'm sorry, Tholena. I wish I was more like him, that way."

She smirked a bit, then leaned against him and pecked him on the chest, the farthest she could reach up on his massive body without standing on the bed. She gave his foot-long shaft a playful rub, making him inhale sharply. "Small men wish to be bigger, big men wish to be smaller. Its funny how you men are NEVER satisfied with your members, even when we women are only interested in how they make you moan when we play with them." For emphasis she proceeded to stroke him up and down expertly, sending a lingering shiver down his massive frame. Tholena loved that about her friend; so big, so powerful, yet so vulnerable if touched in just the right way.

They both stopped their motions abruptly when the girl they had rescued shifted and groaned in her sleep in the cot across the room. "I better check on her," Hart said abruptly as he reluctantly pulled away and stood. He took special care to wrap his cloak about himself as he strode across the room. The last thing he wanted was for the traumatized girl to inadvertently see him standing over her naked with a raging erection.

He fluffed the straw around her as best he could without disturbing her and adjusted her blanket to make sure it fully covered her shoulders once again. He looked her over protectively, making sure nothing was amiss, before he rejoined Tholena back in their bed.

The ecstasy mage reached for the waterskin beside the bed. "You will make quite a father someday, Hart."

He glanced back worriedly at the girl as he took his turn with the waterskin. "Are you sure we will not wake her if we continue?"

Tholena nodded. "The sleeping enchantment will help the healing spell I cast on her earlier. She needs the rest. She'll move about and snore and things like that as in natural sleep, but the spell will ensure she won't wake until dawn."

They snuggled together deeper into the generous pile of fresh hay the innkeeper had provided for their broad cot with their rented room. Now that their sex had been interrupted, they both enjoyed the momentary lull, resting and allowing the anticipation of what was to come to grow.

"I wish she would speak," Hart said of the girl. "She hasn't uttered a single word since we rescued her the day before last. We do not even know her name."

"After what that pig Gul did to her, can you blame her? I've seen this kind of thing before. Healing her body will be comparatively easy. But her heart and spirit have suffered near-mortal wounds. Healing those may take a lifetime. She will speak when she is ready to, though that may not be for a long time."

"But we have to find her kin, if she has any, someone who can take proper care of her. No matter what, we must make sure she never suffers like that again."

Tholena stroked his broad chest tenderly. "Do you ever realize how you make a female's heart flutter, when you become so protective like that?"

Hart looked at her, perplexed. "But...what good is all my size and strength, if I can't use it to help those I care for?"

"You are indeed a good male, Hart." Her mood darkened. "A rare treasure here on Zanrina, apparently. I still cannot believe that all those men in that tavern were so willing to go along with Gul's invitation. It would have taken just one or two of them to speak out or stand up to that bastard, and we would not have had to expose ourselves! Cowards, all of them!"

Hart shrugged. "This is a harsh world, Tholena. Their customs seem equally so."

"Do not make excuses for them, Hart. They got what they deserved."

"Even Gul?"

Tholena planted her fists on her hips. "How can you even say that! He murdered that girl's father!"

"But by his own words, he was part of a group of soldiers that did so. Are we going to track down all the other soldiers who were there? Can we even do that? Did you punish Gul for all their sins as well?"

"Dammit, Hart, he raped a child and was about to allow a dozen others to do the same! He deserved to be punished!"

"Yes, he did. But think of this. He was stronger than that girl and she was helpless to prevent him from using all that power to take out all his petty frustrations on her. Maybe he was unhappy about being a soldier and took that out on her. Maybe he was angry about when everyone picked on him when he was small. Maybe he had a secret people would harm him for if they ever found it out, and he was tired of hiding it. Maybe he has a loved one in danger somewhere and was angry and frustrated that he could not help them..."

Tholena opened and closed her mouth three times in a row, a different acid reply ready to drip off her tongue each time. But finally, all she could do was sit on the edge of the cot, looking hard at the floorboards. "I am not like him."

Hart sidled up to her and hugged her gently. "No, you're not. But with all your power you could change into someone like him very easily if you're not careful. When I saw your anger and how cruelly you punished him, it...disturbed me. But what truly frightened me was the momentary glee I saw in your eyes as you cast your spells."

"But he HAD to be punished, Hart. There had to be justice. Humans need justice. You're Faerie. Maybe you don't understand."

"It is true I don't understand how humans can be so casually vicious, sometimes. But I do know that there is no justice in seeing a loving and courageous woman like you pushed into an act of unnecessary cruelty. A single step down a dark path is one step too many. The answer to one evil deed cannot be another one just as capricious and horrific."

"So you think I should not have cursed him as I did."

"I did not say that. But how many times has that Gul had to impale his new female sex on horses by now? He was going on half a dozen by the time we left that town two days ago. How painful and humiliating was each time for him? How many times has he sobbed in agony or wished himself dead by now? Even when you killed Shinobu in Tragaria with ecstasy magic, her suffering only lasted a few minutes."

"But..."

"But if you are truly not like Gul or Shinobu, then you must do something neither of them could not: show mercy."

Tholena buried her head in her hands, thinking for a long time. Finally, she turned and regarded him solemnly. "No human I had ever known would have suggested mercy for him."

The Stag-Man looked away. "I'm sorry I'm not human."

"But I'm glad you're not, Hart. Because in being Faerie you may have wisdom I do not. You're right that I gave in to my darker instincts in that tavern. Maybe it was a mistake, no matter how good or justified it felt at the time. Maybe we should have just rescued the girl and left. Perhaps meting out punishment is too easy for most of my kind, and meting out mercy is a completely different tale. Sometimes we get so caught up in our zeal to punish the guilty that we fail to see what consequences such acts have on ourselves."

She sighed again, closed her eyes, and concentrated. A golden glow pulsed briefly from her bare skin. "There. I removed the part of the spell that makes Gul lust after horses. But he will remain a woman, no matter what. Is that fair, do you think?"

Hart bobbed his great head, "Fair enough. I only say such things because I worry about you, Tholena."

She walked up to him and hugged his bicep, almost as thick around as her waist. "That's one of the reasons why I love you, my friend. You are my conscience." She licked her lips as she leaned forward and ran her tongue around one of his stiff nipples. "Now I'm sure you'd like to resume what we were doing before I so rudely interrupted us?"

The massive stag man rumbled deep in his throat as her hand slid to his taut stomach, her teeth and tongue continuing to tease and pull at his hard little nub. But before her hand could find its treasure he grabbed her up and gently threw her onto the hay-laden cot. He forcefully spread her thighs and dived between them. He lathed her opening generously with an agile tongue. Tholena's back arced as she cried out, magically willing her sexual sensitivity threefold. The incredible sensations cascaded through her as Hart's mouth got rougher and rougher with her folds. There was little mistaking anything her lover did this time with Tully's much more refined techniques.

Suddenly a thick finger probed at her slickened gates, spreading her wide as it plunged in. The tongue continued to caress her lips, her nub, her mons as it was joined by first another finger, then another. Tholena howled as she was penetrated and filled, gulping for breath. Hart's own moans joined hers, fascinated and thrilled at the liquid feel of her around his fingers.

He pulled out, primal lust in his mahogany eyes as he towered over her, his manhood hard and pulsing. Tholena flipped over onto her hands and knees, feet dangling over the edge of the cot. She slowly and sensuously pushed her small buttocks back until Hart's massive member wedged snugly between her ivory moons. "Take me, Hart," she throatily whispered. "And don't be gentle this time. Let me FEEL all that strength and power this once. I am your doe, my masterful stag."

Hart snorted powerfully as Tholena could sense the lust in him reach a level as it rarely had before. For most of his life, he had always had to be gentle with his usually much smaller lovers. He did not mind at all; he took great pride and pleasure in soft caresses, tickling kisses, slow penetrations. But to not hold back for once, to plunge in as hard as he could...

He positioned the tip of his large member at her sopping entrance, pausing just long enough to ask a tenuous, "Tholena, are you sure...?"

She looked back at him, their eyes locking, her smile broad at his genuine concern. "Its okay, my powerful stag. My magic will protect me. Now take me, HARD. I mean it..." Before he could say anything more she abruptly pushed her sex back onto his, impaling him in her halfway to the hilt. He howled at the hot pleasure of her walls as they undulated around him expertly, urging him further in.

His massive chest heaved as roughly grabbed her hips. He shoved her back on him even as he thrust forward, burying himself in her until her anus tickled his thick genital fur. When he saw that he truly was not hurting her, he lost all his reservations. They both cried out as he began pumping forcefully in and out, slowly at first, then with ever-increasing speed. The cot under them rattled and thumped repeatedly against the far wall.

Tholena shrieked as he bottomed out in her. She had never been penetrated so fully or so forcefully, not by any other male in her long career as an ecstasy mage. Protective spells cast long ago during her apprenticeship kept tissue from tearing and internal organs from being damaged; had she been a mundane woman, Hart's huge member, nearly as long as her arm, would literally have gutted her and her life would now be bleeding out around his pleasure.

But as it was an orgasm quickly rose as she was stretched and stretched, his heavy sack slapping up against her engorged nub. "Take me, take me, take me," she gasped again and again as her sensations crescendoed, convulsions thrashing down her slender frame. Her folds clenched spasmodically at Hart's surging shaft as she grabbed with hysterical strength at fistfuls of hay.

She allowed another orgasm to build quickly, then another, and another, until her staccato screams filled the entire Inn.

Hart's own peak built with amazing speed. Having for once no need to hold back, the feelings he was experiencing were intense beyond his experience. Tholena, as always, was so tight and so slick, the sensations of her sex unbelievable. Hart felt the electric shock of his building orgasm each time her buttocks slapped hard against his hips.

He reached around and roughly grabbed her small breasts, squeezing and pulling, as another orgasm seized her. Hart felt the rumbling build deep in his heavy sack, his vision fuzzing from the edges as his shaft began spasming. He grabbed Tholena around her waist with both broad arms, lifting her bodily up off the cot and hugging her vertically to his body. She was literally impaled on his pillar of flesh, completely helpless as he thrust into her powerfully a few final times before he blasted his first jet of seed deep into her, chuffing loudly through gritted teeth.
