 Again, huge thanks to Afroscorpio for the fantastic editing. And thank you for reading and voting and favoriting and commenting. I love the feedback!

*****

Frank got hard again very fast after cumming. At his age, that was definitely magic. Then again, judging by his reflection and how he felt, he wasn't close to 50 anymore. 

He didn't feel fatigue, the need for food or water. He would never have thought to wish for such things, but when he had been wrapped up with Aima, pleasuring her and being pleasured by her, he didn't want anything to stop them.

"It's amazing how much time you have for fantastic sex," he thought, "when you don't need to sleep!"

Other thoughts were going through his mind, too. Aima's thoughts. Because of the armband he wore that kept Aima alive and linked her to him they were able to hear each other's thoughts, if Frank put in the effort. 

But now Aima's thoughts seemed so much easier to hear, and...they seemed raw, unfiltered.

"That's right, Frank," Aima thought to Frank, as she curled up against his side, pressing her big breasts against him, laying a leg across his stomach.

"When you ate me out and drank my cum, and then you slide your cock down my throat and I drank yours, you enslaved me to you."

"What? No, Aima, I didn't want to do that to you," Frank thought. 

"Shh, Frank," Aima said, smiling. She pulled in closer to his naked body and rubbed against his hip, her cum soaked pussy wetting him. 

"I knew that was happening. Remember I told you it would happen when we were making - when you were pleasuring me," she said, reaching over to hold his big hard cock in her soft little hands. 

Frank thought through what had happened, furrowing his brow, then shaking his head. It had happened. 

She had told him, "Your wish is my command, Master. You set me free and now enslaved me to this giant cock. When I cum in your face, and I swallow your cum, I'm sealing my destiny." 

He had been so high on the pleasure and on the body she had given him that he hadn't really listened. He had done to her just what he had hoped to undo - enslave her. 

"I want it, Frank," Aima said, wetting her hand with her own wetness and returning the hand to his cock.

"I want you to own me, not as a genie, but as your concubine. Since you own me I can keep no thoughts from you. You know everything I feel, think and desire."

While Frank could hear Aima's thoughts clearer than ever, he didn't need to at this moment. He felt her squirm against him, pressing her aroused sex into his hip. She worked his cock with her hand, and moaned softly. 

Frank was living a dream, his body and abilities were changed so much, his wife now enjoyed him sexually., And he had his own genie ready to serve him and pleasure him . He was having wishes granted that he had never asked for, but realized that he really wanted. Setting Aima free had actually meant getting more from her than if he had tried to control her. 

"It pleases me that you're mine, Aima," Frank thought to her. "I'm so glad you sucked my cock clean after you helped me pleasure Jeanine, and you offered me your pussy to eat, knowing you were giving yourself to me forever."

Aima beamed with joy at the recognition and appreciation Frank had for her.

"You deserve to enjoy this body," Frank thought.

He was constructed from Aima's fantasies, and he knew her thoughts like his own. This was not bragging. 

Frank reached between his hip and Aima, he felt for her pussy, his fingers worked past the hair and found her clit. He rubbed at it and Aima wiggled.

"Sit that sweet wet pussy on my cock. I want to go deep in you, and feel that big, round ass of yours tremble on my thighs." Frank invited.

Aima quickly moved to comply and enjoy her reward. Frank lay there, waiting for her to do the work. He was hard, and his cock stood up, waiting for her to engulf it. Jeanine, his wife, slept peacefully next to him, enjoying a rest after lovemaking like she had never experienced in years. Thanks to Aima's magic Jeanine slept soundly, and wouldn't be bothered by noise or being bumped into. 

Aima was astride, smiling and looking at Frank. Frank felt Aima's soft, thick thighs tightly against his powerful legs. Aima reached underneath her to take Frank's hard cock in her hand she aimed it at her hairy, wet sex between her thick brown thighs. Teasing her pussy entrance with his big cock head, she got him wet with her pussy juices, then she lowered herself on him, slowly. Rocking gently until inch by inch her hungry pussy swallowed up Frank's hard cock.

With her eyes closed, she grabbed her full breasts and groaned as he filled her. Pushing down and taking more of him until she had engulfed him to his root. She continued with the long, leisurely rocking and sluming. 

She planted her hands on his chest, raising her strong hips and sluming back down on him. Her round ass shook as she hit Frank's thighs. Frank sunk deeper still into her with every move. 

The sensation on her sweet spot deep inside began to cry out for more stimulation, she made the rocking short, hard and sharper, feeling his cock head hit her g-spot just right. Her whole body seeking that sensation. Aima started to ride even harder, shaking Frank and the bed violently seeking sweet release. 

Frank reached his hand over and wrapped his fingers in those of his sleeping wife, a contented sigh coming from her. His wife would sleep through this, undisturbed. Knowing this, his genie concubine's eyes rolled up in her head and she started to ride him harder. 

He placed his hands at her waist, helping her keep her balance.

She groaned and grunted as she ground her pelvis into Frank's, their hairy groins matted with cum and sweat creating a wonderful, pain and pleasure rubbing on her clit. Her beautiful brown ass giving Frank's muscular thighs a hard slap. 

As she rocked harder, her beautiful large breasts, bounced harder too, her brown areolas and hard nipples glistening with sweat. 

Aima's climax hit hard, sending her body into a convulsion, she shuddered and gasped, her hands went out behind her and she rested her palms on Frank's thighs. Her body continued to shake, her chest rose and fell as she tried to catch her breath. She let out a moan as her body slowly cooled.

"Wow, Frank," she exclaimed. "That is a mighty hard cock you have, that was the best ride I have ever had" 

Frank grinned, pleased that she enjoyed herself.

"Glad to see that you enjoyed that ride Ms, now I'd like to receive full pay for it." he said, with a very naughty look in his eyes. 

Aima smiled happily. Still attached to Frank's pole, she started to rock gently smiling at Frank, daring him to make a move. 

Jeanine rolled against Frank, and he held her for a moment, then kissed the top of her head. Frank raised himself of his elbows, looked at Aima, and she knew exactly what he wanted her to do.

"Lay down on your back!" He ordered. 

She loved how assertive he was becoming, how he knew he didn't need to pretend to her that she was the only one he pleasured. She rose off of him, the sound of them separating loud, wet and delicious

She lay on her back, her eyes wide, her chest heaving. He smiled down at her. He was on his knees, his unusually large cock swollen and twitching between them, in anticipation.

Frank slipped his arms under Aima's knees, lifted her legs and spread them. He looked at how shapely her inner thighs were and at her exposed cum soaked, blushed pussy entrance. He maneuvered until his fat cock head was at her entrance, then he slid back into her recently vacated dripping pussy. He grunted in approval as he sunk into her. 

Frank didn't give her a moment to recover her senses. He pulled back and plunged into her, slamming into her, hard. He did not have to worry about hurting Aima or coming too soon and ending the evening. He was full of energy and not about to run out of breath, or get exhausted anytime soon. 

Aima had created her own fantasy, filled with the sexual hunger of a man denied satisfaction for decades, without the need to eat, sleep or breathe. And Frank promised he was going to reward this beautiful brown woman with a hard, unapologetic fuck.

Frank held on to her, when she moaned, he lowered his head and took one of her hard nipples into his mouth, nibbling on it until she raised her chest to him. He chuckled, enjoying her reaction. Then without warning, he withdrew and slammed into her waiting pussy.

Frank kept the pace and tempo, alternating between deep plunges and shallow teasing ones at her pussy entrance. 

Aima's pleasure built as he sunk deeper and rhythmically into her, the impossibly thick base of his cock stretching her, his muscular body grinding her clit between their pelvises. 

Sweat, tears and cum poured from her. Frank never needed to ask her if she was OK, she was moaning, groaning and whimpering - he knew her as well as she knew herself, and he knew he didn't need to be gentle with her. She wanted to be used just as he was using her.

"Harder Frank," she encouraged him, knowing that she could take his pounding and he would last as long as possible. 

Frank pounded in and out of Aima for another impossibly long time, she came several times over. When he knew that they had both had enough, he emptied his balls deep inside her warm womb. His long cock still plunged into her as her pussy milked him and his balls ejaculated their precious loot.

He pulled his cock slowly out of her, watching her pussy quivering and twitching. Even the sensation of his softening cock pulling out of her was painfully pleasurable for Aima.

When he was finally out, Aima's slick pussy was still contracting and pools of cum poured out. Frank put his hand below Aima's pussy, his middle finger resting on Aima's asshole, he played with it a little, enjoying the slickness of the cum on the bud, it was easy to insert his finger tip in, rimming the insides with his finger and making her moan. 

Cum poured out of her well used pussy, as she pressed on Frank's finger trying to get more of him inside, her pussy muscles pushed more cum out and it pooled in his hand. He stood, masturbating his cock to stiffness with the cum. 

Aima got on her hands and knees near the edge of the bed and waited for Frank to present his cock to her mouth. She closed her eyes and tilted her head, as if swooning. She opened her luscious lips wide. He slid his cock, coated in their cum, into her mouth, he arranged her hair, teasing her face with his fingers, as she feasted on their fluids. She groaned, swallowing and cleaning.

Frank slid his hand back to her ass, finding the tight bud, he played some more, this time pushing more into her very tight asshole, he chuckled at how distracted she got as he finger fucked her asshole with their combined cum.

He had had her pussy, as was his right, and filled it with his seed. Then he had lovingly fed it to her in the sweetest, most loving way she could imagine. She was truly his. 

When Frank's cock was clean and Aima had swallowed all of their cum, he slid his cock from her mouth, and his finger from her ass. Aima lay back on the bed and Frank joined her, laying next to her. He didn't want to cum again just yet. He just wanted to enjoy some time with Aima. She had never experienced closeness like this.

As the light of the dawning sun came into the room, Frank's face lay on Aima's chest, one nipple in his mouth as his fingers drew circles around the other, pinching and pulling, then alternating. He wondered at this beautiful mystical creature. Their lovemaking had lasted all night. 

Jeanine, now rested, stirred. She rolled over and her hand sought Frank's again. Aima used a little magic and guided it to Frank's cock, still hard from being in Aima's mouth. Jeanine started to awaken.

"Oh gosh, Frank," Jeanine said, holding him. "Were you hard all night because I didn't satisfy you?" Her brow furrowed and she looked around, for what she wasn't sure.

Frank wasn't sure what to say. Aima smiled, put a finger on his lips.

"It's fine. It must be my diet and all the exercise - I get hard a lot. I don't usually go naked around you, so you may not have noticed." Aima answered Jeanine in Frank's voice.

"That must get so uncomfortable," Jeanine said, concerned.

Her hand was still holding Frank's hard cock, which definitely seemed bigger than she had remembered. She started to remember their lovemaking from the night before and she felt herself getting wet. 

"I'm a horrible wife. Oh Frank," she cried, resting her face on his chest, her tears falling on him, her hand gripping him more tightly.

"You're not horrible, Jeanine. I love you," Aima said. Frank looked wide eyed at his concubine as she seduced his wife for him. 

"Could you satisfy me now?" his voice asked her softly. 

"I can let you know when I need you to help me, and you don't have to worry yourself about being a bad wife. You're not." Aima said.

"Yes, I can do that," Jeanine replied, excitedly.

She wasn't sure how it all worked out, but the thought of being a good wife, one her husband would be proud of, maybe they'd even brag to their friends about, excited and satisfied her. The thought of being ready to pleasure him whenever he wanted didn't seem to concern her.

"Why don't you suck me then, Jeanine," Frank's voice tenderly encouraged Jeanine. 

This was not what they normally did. But she wanted to be a good wife, she wanted to pleasure her handsome, well hung husband. She wanted her friends and his to hear confessions of her desire to please her man and his big cock any time he needed it. Jeanine felt Frank's hand gently guide the back of her head down until she opened her mouth and took Frank's big cock into her mouth. 

She had thought he'd smell sweaty, or like cum, after their fucking from hours ago, but somehow he smelled clean, and faintly of jasmine. She groaned as his long, thick manhood filled her mouth, her pussy getting wetter. Frank's hand now caressed the back of her head and she worked to pleasure him more.

Her hands reached up to work his balls, and she found there was a lot of shaft she wasn't sucking, and she used one hand to stroke him there. He was definitely bigger than he had been for a long time. Had he lost that much weight? Did this diet make men's cocks grow?

Aima's hand - it had not been Frank's - continued to stroke Jeanine's hair, encouraging her to blow her husband. Now her hand stroked down Jeanine's face, around her neck and it felt Jeanine's full breasts and hard nipples, squeezing and pinching them.

Jeanine groaned, slobbered, sucked on Frank and sucked up the saliva and precum as it escaped her lips. She squirmed, her legs rubbing together, rubbing against the bed, pushing herself into the hand feeling her breasts. Aima's hand now moved back up to hold the back of Jeanine's head and Jeanine took him deeper than she had before, wanting him to cum straight down her throat. 

Frank's hips rose from the bed and his cum shot out, down Jeanine's throat as she sucked noisily on him. She swallowed down the last of him and lifted her head off of his crotch, breathing in deeply as his softening cock flopped from her mouth. 

"Wow," she said, panting. "I didn't know I could do that."

"You were amazing," Frank told her. "You look so beautiful right now - your lips so full and wet, your face rosey. I'd pull out my phone and take a picture of you, but maybe the timing isn't great."

"Do it," she told him, smiling. The thought of having her picture taken now, in this condition, made her tingle more, her pussy somehow damper.

Frank smiled shrugged and reached for his phone. He zoomed in on Jeanine's face, pink and glistening, her lips full and wet from her saliva and his cum. He took the picture and showed it to her. 

"I feel like when people catch a big fish, they want to take a picture with the beast they wrestled and beat," she said, lifting Frank's long, heavy cock and putting her face next to it. 

"I should have a picture like this, with this monster I just mastered, my face showing the struggle I had to make you cum." Jeanine giggled.

"You're going to make me hard again, Jeanine!" Frank joked.

"I'm serious. Would you be ok with me having a picture of your big cock right by my face?" Jeanine asked, now biting her lower lip.

"Only if you promise to show your friends," Frank teased, loving the idea of the exhibitionism.

Jeanine adjusted her hair and posed with Frank's big, floppy cock and Frank took some pictures. 

"You'd better watch out, Frank," Jeanine said. 

"After I show this around, my friends may want me to share you with them! You don't need to tell me how you'd feel about that, I can see what you think!" She was looking at his cock as it firmed up yet again.

Frank bent over, held Jeanine's head, and kissed her noisily on the cheek.

"I should get ready for work," he said and headed toward the bathroom.

Jeanine licked her lips, pulled the sheet up to her chin, smiling, and closed her eyes, resting and enjoying what she was feeling.

"Hello Master," Aima said to Frank as he entered the bathroom. 

She was dressed, wearing a button down shirt and jacket that were closed tightly below her breasts, her cleavage spilling out. She had a short, plaid skirt on that looked even shorter as it flared up around her big, round ass. 

On her legs she wore thigh high dark stockings that had lacy elastic borders just below where her skirt fell. She had on, long black leather boots with heels that stopped just over the knee, still exposing some of her stockings. Her hair was up in a bun, she wore thick dark eyeglass frames - with no glasses, and she held a clipboard. It felt like she'd been waiting there for him for some time, though of course she hadn't .

"Hello, Aima," Frank replied as he looked her over thoroughly, loving what he saw.

"While Master was busy having his cock sucked," Aima said matter of factly, looking at her clipboard, "I took a look at memories of work, and made some adjustments."

"Oh?" Frank replied, coming closer to her.

"Yes," Aima said, not looking at him, busily looking at the papers on her clipboard, that Frank could now see were blank. 

"As I noted here," Aima said, resting her clipboard on the vanity, bending over at the hip to read it up close. 

"Your job doesn't bring you pleasure, and doesn't utilize your skills and, uh...abilities," she said, pulling her glasses down on her nose and looking over them at his cock. 

He smiled, firming up at being noticed, and looked at Aima from behind. Her thick legs, spread and dressed in stockings and boots, were fantastic. Further up, the plaid skirt provided no cover for Aima while she was in that pose, bent over at the waist, and Frank could see she wore no panties. Aima's big, round ass was on display, and between her upper thighs her swollen, open, hairy pussy was presented to him.

"My...abilities, you say," Frank said, standing behind Aima, holding his hard cock in his hand and rubbing it against Aima's wet sex.

"Yes...gasp...that's correct," Aima said, trying to sound official while she concentrated on her blank page, through her fake glasses. She wiggled, trying to get more of Frank's cock in her. 

He carefully held back, as if he happened to be against her pussy by accident while he was just trying to see something over her shoulder.

"May I look over your shoulder," Frank whispered in Aima's ear, the head of his cock half in her wet pussy, "and see what you have about my abilities and where I should use them?"

"Yes, please do me - I mean, please do look over my shoulder," Aima said, reaching back to pull her big ass cheeks apart, trying to push back against Frank. 

Frank put his hands over Aima's and slowly slid his thick cock into her. She gasped, standing up a little higher on her toes.
