 "I don't understand. If it's an environmental protection club, why are they talking about going stag hunting in those getups?"

Erika had returned, laden down with empty beer steins, to the bar running across the back of the Hofbräuhaus beer hall below the university precincts and the sprawling ridge-top castle in Heidelberg. She was near the end of her shift and looking and feeling quite frazzled. Strands of hair were loose from the bun at the back of her head, her eyeglasses were smudged to the point that she could hardly see out of them, and none of the young university men she was serving could see her normally captivating bronze-speckled green eyes. 

To add to her general aspect of dishabille, the hem of her silly German peasant barmaid dress had been torn out at one side, making it look like she was listing to one side when she walked. She had the sinking feeling that her lipstick had been smeared up toward one ear, but she was too busy slinging beer steins to check herself out in the mirror.

In any case, none of the hunky young men in the medievalist club who she'd been shipping beer to were noticing her. Not like they were noticing flirty buxom blonde Sigrid who she'd posed this question to as Sigrid was about to deliver another round of beer to the boisterous table with the men in the medieval German courtier costumes.

"They are combining their interests," Sigrid answered. "They are a historical reenactment group, but to get more financial support through the university, they have declared as an environmental support group too. And animal rights. They say they are taking themselves back to fifteenth-century Germany when people were close to and accommodating to the earth and there was little waste."

"And the university bought that claptrap?" Erika asked, rolling her eyes at the notion that fifteenth-century Germans were environmentalists. If they'd had plastic bags then, Erika was sure the Germans of the time would dump them in landfills.

"Apparently so. They aren't going to actually shoot the deer they hunt tomorrow. They are going to use paint balls and take photos to score the hunt. But why so sour, Erika? If you would loosen up and smile as you served them, you'd get more notice. You're always complaining that you can't get laid."

"Can't get laid well, is what I say," Erika answered in a tired voice. "I'm tired of the beer-gut, middle-aged auto mechanics hitting on me in here."

"Well, most of those young men are real hunks. And I know for a fact that they all come from rich families. Some are even nobility. Like that blond German god in the middle of them—the tall, strapping one. I heard him being called Graf Friedrich Von Salm. A count. That still counts for something in Heidelberg."

"You just came on duty, Sigrid. After you've been on your feet for six hours in this mad house, I'd like to see you smile and be flirty too. And, funny, I heard the blond hunk being called Freddie."

"Well, of course they'd do that among themselves. You have to admit that he's divine, though."

"Yes, I'll have to admit that."

"And the dark one. The one they call Lutz. I have my hat set for him."

"Uh, why not the blond god, Count Friedrich Whatever? The way you flirt, you can have any of them that you want. In fact, I'd be surprised if you haven't had the measure of every cock at the university."

"You're just jealous, Erika. I'm skittish about the blond hunk. He's talking all sorts of weird things about the Hallsbroeck Forest they're going to tomorrow to do their paint-ball hunting—how it's enchanted and all. How his family, which once owned the forest, had its own enchantress wood nymph. Even had her named. Egerie was her name, he said. How they must be careful when they hunt and not harm the Knospe—the wood nymphs of the forest. I can't tell if he's playing the part or a little nuts."

"Probably a bit of both," Erika answered.

"Well, he certainly looks the part. I bet those guys picked the fifteenth century just because they all have such great legs and wanted to wear those form-fitting tights."

"The bulging codpieces suit them well too," Erika answered. Cracking the first smile for hours.

"See, you're as interested in hooking up with one of them as I am. And I think it's about time to do just that—for me at least."

Sigrid waltzed off toward the table of medievalists and Erika became busy filling up the eight steins she would deliver in one trip, four steins per hand, to another section of the beer hall. When she was able to look at the university men's table again, she saw Sigrid leading the dark hunk she'd called Lutz away toward the back of the hall.

Not long afterward, Erika had to go back into the storeroom area to retrieve more clean steins. She heard them, Sigrid's gasps and sighs and Lutz' grunts and groans, before she saw them, back in a dimly lit corner. The back of Sigrid's peasant skirt was bunched up around her waist. Lutz was holding her close from behind, facing away from him. From the angle Erika was viewing the tableau, he appeared to be fully dressed in his medieval costume except that the material of his codpiece was flapping between his legs. 

He had one arm wrapped around Sigrid's waist, holding her buttocks into his groin. His other hand was busy squeezing the ample breasts that had burst out of the bodice of her frilly barmaid blouse. His face was buried in the hollow of Sigrid's neck, and his hips were moving rhythmically in a manner that made quite clear that he was deep inside Sigrid. The way she was thrusting her buttocks back at him indicated that Sigrid was happy to have him inside her.

Erika turned in anger and disgust, grabbed a tray of clean steins, not caring how much clatter she caused, and flounced back out into the noisy beer hall. Her disgust was more that Sigrid always managed to get the men than that she'd caught Sigrid being fucked by a handsome young stud. Sigrid was getting what Erika would like to have.

She was doubly busy for the next twenty minutes because Sigrid wasn't there to hold up her end of the service. And slowly Erika's disgust and irritation did turn on Sigrid. So that when Sigrid returned to the line of duty, all aglow and bubbly, Erika snapped at her more than once.

Sigrid got the point, but she didn't back down. "If you weren't such a sourpuss and paid more attention to your grooming, you'd have a little fun too."

"I've had a tough night. And I can get any of these men I want," Erika snapped back, showing more bravado then likelihood.

"Really?" Sigrid said sweetly.

"Really," Erika responded emphatically.

"Then bring me the condom the Graf Friedrich Van Salm uses when he fucks you," Sigrid spat out. She gave Erika a nasty smile and spun away with another round of beers for the men of the Heidelberg University Medievalist and Environmentalist Club.

Erika would have just let all of that pass if the next time she went back to the storerooms she didn't spy Sigrid flat on her back on a table, one ankle daintily hooked on the shoulder of the redheaded medievalist club hunk named Bodo. He was crouched between her spread thighs, moving his buttocks forward and back. 

His mouth was devouring Sigrid's rouged and plump nipples, while she held his head to her breasts with fingers running through his luxurious, shoulder-length red hair. Sigrid was purring and giving little laughs as the redheaded stud fucked her.

Erika couldn't stand the sound of pleasure both were making and, again, made no effort to retrieve the clean steins quietly. Neither Sigrid nor the rutting redhead even flinched at the noise, but Sigrid did turn her face toward Erika and flashed her a blissful, triumphant smile.

That was more than enough for Erika. She slammed out of the storeroom, deposited the clean steins on the bar top, and headed for the entrance to the Hofbräuhaus. That had been her last duty of the evening anyway.

All the way home to her lonely old-town garret rooms in the shadow of the looming Heidelberg castle, she reviewed everything she knew about the handsome, aristocratic, supposedly unattainable Graf Friedrich Von Salm and wove her plan.

* * * *

"Tough shit. We get enough money from the student council environment fund that I don't care if this looks weird."

Freddie Von Salem was responding with irritation to his buddies, Bodo and Lutz, who couldn't stop chortling at the image of the medievalist club guys padding around inside the edge of the Hallsbroeck Forest in their tights, long-sleeved tunics, blousy white-silk chest inserts, pumpkin-like feathered hats, and thin slippers—but holding orange plastic paint-ball rifles.

"And keep it down—and stop that giggling. It isn't respectful to the spirits of forests. The Knospe—the nymphs of the woods—will be displeased. They will send all of the deer away from us."

"You don't really believe in any of that wood nymph shit, do you Freddie?" Lutz asked, standing a bit off from the blond hunk and giving him a funny look.

"We get enough money from the . . ." Friedrich started to say. He'd suddenly realized he had pushed it too far. He did, indeed, believe much of what he was saying, if, certainly, with a great deal of uncertainty. He was, in fact, the heir to an ancient noble family that once had ruled this forest and whose history was rich with the legends of the Knospe living here. But when the guys started looking at him funny, he knew it was time to retreat. 

He had stopped speaking, though, because he'd heard a sound—an ethereal voice, it sounded like to him, a tune being hummed softly in a high soprano, as if floating above the breeze whispering through the leaves of the trees.

"Shh. Did you hear that?"

"Hear what?" Bodo asked skeptically. "You're not just trying to change the subject again, are you? You're not going to sink into babbling your family legends again and how they maintained good fortune by coupling with the nymphs of the forest, I hope."

"Shh. No. The music. Don't you hear it?"

Lutz raised the barrel of his paint-ball rifle, but toward Friedrich, not toward where the blond stud's arm was gesturing. "This forest certainly does have you bewitched. Maybe if I popped you one, you'd . . ." But then he stopped too, because he too had heard something. But it was more of a rustling beyond the line of trees they could see than a human voice.

Then Bodo stopped too, his head swiveling around to find the source of something, his voice a little shaky. "Yeah, I hear it. It's coming from over there."

"No, I think over there," Lutz answered, pointing in the opposite direction.

Friedrich didn't say anything. He was standing there, eyes closed, swaying a bit, straining to hear the tune again.

A hint of brown movement appeared at the edge of what they could see—but in both of the directions Lutz and Bodo had been pointing to.

"Deer. Through there," Bodo said, and he was on the move, stealthily creeping off to the left.

Lutz had already moved through some trees on the right and quickly was out of sight as well.

Alone in the forest now, Friedrich opened his eyes, a look of disappointment on his face. He no longer could hear the music. He couldn't even recall the tune, although it had been haunting, a tune he wanted to remember.

The sun was glinting off of something flitting through the foliage in front of him. A sense of green and brown, in a world of green and brown. But flowing as if silky material, and reflecting a shimmering of light. The family legends floated through his brain. A wood nymph. Just as described. Egerie?

Or a stag, the more practical side of Friedrich's brain registered in a sarcastic tone. No matter which, Friedrich had to follow it, capture it. Every male heir in his line—even his own father—had spoken of an encounter, a coupling, with the wood nymph, Egerie, followed by a run of good luck. The enchantment of the Hallsbroeck Forest. Of course his father had been such a perpetual drunk that no one could be sure what he'd fucked in the forest.

He started out as quickly and quietly as he could, watching both for the shimmering light, ethereal rustling, and the undulation that was of the forest while not really being of the earth dancing in slow motion ahead of him just beyond the next bank of trees. The barrel of his rifle was raised. He was coming to the edge of a glen, a small, open bowl in the midst of encircling trees, carpeted by thick moss and ferns and where the branches met overhead.

His eyes focused more on the pause of movement than movement itself on the other side of the glen. A giant, twelve-point stag. How could he have possibly missed seeing this earlier, leading him deep into the embrace of the Hallsbroeck Forest?

He lifted both his rifle and his cell phone. As one finger pulled the trigger of the rifle and the other clicked a photo, a blur of movement moved between him and the stag, and Friedrich heard a plaintive, high-pitched cry.

The earth stopped revolving for an eternity moment and then rushed in upon Friedrich, who gave a cry of his own as the stag crouched down but then sprang up and leapt backward into the forest.

In the moment of suspended eternity, Erika, completely transformed into a beautiful wood nymph, with long, flowing, glossy black hair and dressed in a swirling dress of green and brown silk with silver threads shot through it, sank to the carpet of moss just inside the near edge of the glen. In one swift movement of her left hand, she broke the seal on the vial of red paint, splashed the paint on her exposed breasts with rouged nipples, tossed the vial aside, and composed herself into a provocative pose. 

She made sure that the material of her long skirt was pulled up almost to her waist on one side, exposing a shapely leg. She, of course, was naked under the skirt.

When Friedrich's face appeared above her, full of panic and concern, achingly handsome, Erika, now in the role of Egerie, the Hallsbroeck wood nymph, had her eyes closed and left hand covering the red blotch on her exposed breast. She was panting shallowly. She fluttered her eyelashes, heavy with mascara, as Friedrich gazed down upon her in anguish and slowly moved her left hand away to reveal her "wound."

"Oh, my god," Friedrich cried out. "What have I done? I never meant . . ."

Erika held her breath and rolled her eyes up to where only the whites showed. She'd been practicing this all night and was pleased to have mastered the maneuver.

"Oh my god, oh my god," Friedrich whispered in an anguished gasp. "No, please, don't die on me."

Doing what any person would do who was trained in first aid, he straddled her body and lowered his lips to hers to give her the kiss of life. Erika—or, Egerie, if you will—slowly turned it into a kiss of an entirely greater form of desire than just life-saving itself. It took several moments of mutual pleasure for Friedrich to realize that his codpiece had been undone and that small hands were smoothing a condom on his nicely hardening cock.

. . . And then the hands were stroking the cock as Erika/Egerie moved into a more comfortable position directly underneath Friedrich's divinely muscled body.

. . . And then the hands were pulling the cock to and inside her as she raised her hips to his pelvis.

. . . And then her hands moved to the back of his blond, curly headed skull and gently pulled his face down to her rouged nipples before continuing on down with the hands to palm his bulbous buttocks, closely molded by the flimsy, form-fitting material of the tights, and to help establish the rhythm of the fuck.

For that's what they were doing now—fucking.

. . . As, lost to her now, the young, virile Friedrich let his body go onto autopilot and do what any healthy young man would do in the circumstance.

Erika cried out as he reached the depths of her and arched her back and gasped and purred in succession with the shudder-producing withdrawals followed by the world-shattering thrusts. She reached down and pulled the material of her skirt farther up her bare legs and hooked her ankles behind his knees, giving little yip sounds of orgasmic pleasure as, trembling himself, Friedrich pumped her harder, faster, deeper. Taking her to the heights, making her explode, backing off from the fireworks, but not far. Taking her even higher. Repeated explosions as she jerked and writhed underneath him. But he fucked on and she held him close to her, not wanting it ever to stop.

She felt him stiffen. He was breathing hard, in deep gasps. Then, with a shudder, he cried out and collapsed on top of her with his own ejaculation.

They lay there, panting, slowly cooling down.

"I'm sorry, I just couldn't . . ."

"Shush," she whispered. "It was what had to be done to assuage my wound—and to fulfill your destiny." She was using a breathy, high-pitched voice. She had no idea how wood nymphs spoke. She hoped this would do "I had to couple with a count of the Von Salms—And you had to couple with me," she continued. "This has ever been the way of the forest of the Von Salms, and I am at your mercy, at your service. I am Egerie."

She sincerely hoped she wasn't laying it on too thick, but he clearly was thick enough to want to believe—or, at least, having a good enough time to be willing to pretend. She moved her hands between his thighs, and he groaned in renewed arousal at her intimate touch.

This time she rode the cock, straddling and facing him as he lay prone on the moss and looked up at her with eyes of wonder. She leaned over him while gently moving on the cock and kissed him on the lips. Then, bunching up her breasts, she rubbed her nipples on his lips until he opened his mouth to them and gave each suck in turn.

His coming this time was more in a long sigh of flow. She lowered her lips to his eyelids, kissing and closing each before whispering, "Sleep now, my beauty."

"Will I ever . . . again . . .?"

"I cannot leave the forest, nor can I couple with you in the forest again. There is only one enchanted meeting for each generation of Von Salms. But I will always be with you. I will send you another, in the real world. You will know her when you see her. You must take her as your own and couple with her forever."

Friedrich kept his eyes closed as the wood nymph had bidden him do, while she moved languidly on his softening cock. It was during this time that Erika pulled her cell phone from the folds of her skirt and took intimate photos of Friedrich and of where they were joined. And as she quietly moved off him and away from him and evaporated into the forest when his breathing grew regular and deep, she was careful to leave with the two condoms they had used.

Friedrich woke to the sound of rustling leaves across the glen. He opened his eyes, not knowing how long he had slept, but expecting to see Egerie, the wood nymph. Instead, he was looking at the majestic twelve-point stag, standing there, staring at him.

Was it all a dream, Friedrich wondered. No matter if it was, he then thought. He raised his orange plastic rifle, shot the stag squarely between the eyes with a pellet of red paint, and, while the beast was still stunned by the sting of the pellet, pulled out his cell phone and started snapping photos.

* * * *

Sigrid gave a little gasp as Erika flashed the photos on her cell phone in front of Sigrid's face.

"And if you really want all the proof you demanded, go ahead and open this bag and peek in," she said in a smug voice.

Sigrid was still staring at the evidence in disbelief, as Erika, looking far sleeker and more happy than she had the other night, approached the table in the Heidelberg Hofbräuhaus where the members of the university Medievalist and Environmentalist Club were meeting to compare the photographs of their "kills" in the Hallsbroeck Forest.

Erika briefly considered showing them all the photos of her "kill" in the forest, but then thought better of it.
