 The light shown brilliant in the darkness, illuminating the surrounding forest. It danced through the pine branches as a light breeze pushed them to and fro. "What a strange color," Jeff thought as he moved carefully toward the pulsating bluish-white specter. The trees were keeping him from getting a good look at what was creating the light and the forest floor made it hard to move quietly as he picked his way forward. There was no other sound except for the rush of water from the stream in which he had spent the day fishing and was now camped beside. 

Jeff had backpacked in several miles to this remote place so that he would not have to share the stream or himself with anyone. Over the past few weeks work had been unusually hectic and the stress had been getting to him. All Jeff wanted was to get as far away from people and the rigors of civilization as he could. The weekend had only begun and now he would have to pack up and move on to escape the long reach of humanity. "Damn, he thought. All I wanted was a little peace and quiet away from everyone and now I've got neighbors." 

Against the bright light he could make out shadows of figures moving about but he could not tell whether they were men or women. Suddenly he found himself bathed in a green glow that paralyzed him where he stood. Try as he might his limbs would not respond. Frozen, a terrible anxiety welled up inside him giving him the feeling that his head was spinning, his body was going numb and that he was going to pass out. He closed his eyes and willed the feeling to go away and slowly the spinning subsided and he started to come back. 

He open his eyes and was startled to find himself face to face with a creature the likes of which he had never seen before. The little figure eyed him up and down through large ebony eyes, much too large for it's head he thought. Jeff struggled with this overwhelming fear and his ever present sense of curiosity. He wanted to run but was totally immobilized by that strange green glow. He tried to call out but his voice was as useless as his legs. Two of the creatures appeared at either side of him. Their small, elongated hands grasp his arms as he seemed to float in the air toward the blue-white spinning light. "This has got to be a dream...that's it, like when your feet are stuck in mud and you want to run but can't," he thought. But try as he might Jeff could not make himself wake up. This was no dream.

Ahead lay a small bell-shaped craft hovering inches above a small clearing. They were guiding him directly toward it. The overwhelming fear returned and he felt he had to get away. He couldn't let them get him in the craft. Inside himself he struggled hard to move his arms and legs but nothing happened. His body remained frozen, unable to move, yet his mind was alert and racing. "OK, he thought, if I can't run or fight I'll just cooperate and take in everything I can. Sooner or later they'll turn their backs and I'll have my chance to escape."

Up close the little craft was a metallic color much like dull aluminum. It had no visible markings and appeared to be made of one unbroken piece of metal about 20 or 25 feet in diameter. There were no seams, rivets, doors or windows only the powerful blue-white light pulsing at the bottom that illuminated the forest floor all around in a ghostly light.

As if by magic an opening appeared in the side of the ship where moments before there was no hint of a door of any kind. He was guided through the opening into what looked like a small hallway, the green glow disappeared and he felt control of his body once again. The creatures motioned for him to sit down on a small ledge type seat that folded out of the wall, leaving him there, they continued on. He turned to make a break for the door but there was no door, no opening, nothing but a solid wall with what looked like three dimensional hieroglyphics within a triangle. Different shaped hieroglyphics were visible seemingly at random the length of the short hallway. He reached out and touched the wall where the door had been, expecting it to feel like cool metal. To his surprise it was warm and had a texture not unlike the feel of human skin. "Creepy," he thought as he jerked back his hand.

Jeff felt eyes on him as he turned to see another of the creatures ambling toward him with its hand extended. Somehow Jeff was not afraid. It was as if the creature was talking to him, calming his fears although it did not speak or make any sound. The little person took his hand and led him into a larger room that must have been the center of the ship. There was a round table or control panel of sorts in the middle of the room with two smaller creatures busy at the controls. They didn't bother to look up as the little gray humanoid led Jeff past them, into yet another room. 

This room was also round and small, only about 9 feet in diameter but at least he could actually stand up straight unlike the rest of the ship where he had to stoop to keep from bumping his head. In the center was a round padded structure that looked like a large ottoman or perhaps a bed for one of the creatures. The rest of the room was totally bare of any other objects and appeared to be made of the same creepy flesh-like material. The alien motioned for him to sit on the ottoman and left, only to return immediately with an associate. They began to undress him against his protests. Jeff was amazed at the strength these "little people" possessed, although they seemed to be very gentle with him. When he began to struggle they simply stopped, waited for him to calm down, and then began again. They repeated this until he finally realized that resistance was futile and succumbed to their efforts. When they had finished undressing him, they took his clothes, leaving him completely nude and sitting on the ottoman. The door closed behind them in the blink of an eye leaving only a bare wall were the door had been. Jeff was now feeling embarrassed and a little more than afraid of what may come. He had heard the stories of abductions where people were experimented on or just simply disappeared never to be seen again. His mind reeled at the thought of being probed, poked or otherwise dissected by these aliens. 

Suddenly, there was a hissing sound of escaping gas filling the room and he noticed a strange sickly sweet odor that made him nauseous. He felt like throwing up but somehow managed to keep his stomach contents down. Jeff lay back on the ottoman feeling dizzy as the odor quickly dissipated. After what seemed like a few minutes the door opened and a different form appeared. This was definitely a female. She was completely naked and looked much more human than the others, with long straight hair, very thin and white as snow. Her skin too was very pale and completely blemish-free. The girl shared the strange eyes of the others, black like obsidian, although hers were much smaller and more almond-shaped. Her body was slender and well proportioned, taller than the others. She had normal looking breasts although they were small, reminding him of a developing 12 or 13 year old girl. Jeff stood as she came up to him. Pressing her body to his, she made cooing noises and ran her thin, almost non-existent lips across his chest. He was at once excited and fearful. Her small, thin hand grasped his penis pulling on it with a delicate touch. He could feel his juices stirring as he halfheartedly attempted to push her away. She pulled herself closer and increased the urgency of her touch, as he uncontrollably began to rise and stiffen. The girl looked at it with her large dark eyes, again making that cooing sound as he soon overfilled both of her petite hands. Looking at her up close he could tell she was older than she first appeared.

Jeff was well-endowed, over eight inches long and rather thick when erect. He wondered how she could ever manage his size, being that she was only about 4 1/2 feet tall, thin and small-boned as she was. "Stop thinking like that Jeff, he chided himself. You're not going to have sex with her!" 

She moved down his stomach with little kisses to his growing shaft as he acquiesced to the pleasure and slowly reclined back onto the bed. The creature ran her thin lips up and down the sides of his hardness as she continued to stroke him with her hands and eyes. Those eyes! Like black pools they were seductive and hypnotic. She nuzzled and fondled his testicles driving him to take charge. If sex is what she wanted he was going to give it to her, he didn't care if the others were watching or not. It had been several weeks since he had been with anyone and he was, after all, a young, healthy and horny male.

With a quick, practiced move he scooped the girl up and laid her on the bed, her legs spread, revealing a beautifully shaped very human pussy with downy soft hair of the same pearly-white color as her head. The girl's clit was peeking from between her pouting lips, pink and shining with her wetness. Jeff hesitated for a moment as he remembered where he was and thought of the strangeness of this whole encounter. Was he being watched? Probably. Was he doing the right thing with her? He didn't know. But, he was a man who hadn't been laid in over two weeks so pent-up desire and hormones prevailed. Jeff was a very attentive lover. He was always concerned with the woman's orgasm as much as his own. He intuitively knew "to get good sex you have to give it". He started by running his tongue up her neck and around and under her chin, first one side and then the other. Moving on he lowered his attention to those sweet pink nipples. Following the curves of her breasts with his lips he circled each one until he enveloped the erect nipple, tickling it with the tip of his tongue. She was breathing faster now and those nipples were like hard little berries ready to burst. Her neck and face were becoming flush with the excitement. The rosy color now in her cheeks made her look like a porcelain doll.

Slowly he lowered his head to her crotch, kissing her soft, lily-white thighs and velvety mound with a gentleness he had developed from experience. She moaned, rocking her hips to meet his searching mouth. She tasted sweet and had a faint cinnamon odor almost like walking by a Cinnabon pastry shop. Sweeter than any human girl he had been with, her taste and fragrance drew him in. He lapped at her juices that came with increasing volume, sucking and tonguing her clit until it stood out from her like a small hooded penis. Jeff reveled in her response to him. He inserted a finger in her tight, wet opening as he continued to gently suck her little 'penis'. He could feel her vaginal muscles flex around his finger as she sighed softly. With two fingers in her now she began writhing on the bed, reaching for his cock that he teasingly kept just out of reach. Suddenly she arched her back and with a shrill cry plunged herself onto his probing fingers. He held his mouth to her tightly as she came, his tongue still pressing against her throbbing erection. "Well at least some things don't change...wherever you're from," Jeff thought. 

Jeff's face was wet with her sweet juices as he mounted her, his thick manhood poised over her wet, beckoning pussy. Small thin fingers grasped his shaft as she rubbed the broad, smooth head over her slippery lips, up and down through her slit, lubricating it for his entry into her. He gently pressed against her opening letting it slowly expand to accommodate his girth. Her small hands directing his pace. He could feel her opening stretch as his throbbing member slid slowly past her swollen lips into the enveloping warmth inside. For a moment he lay there feeling her around him, squeezing him rhythmically, before he continued to fill her with his length. To his surprise she took his swollen manhood without the hint of distress. He gradually worked his entire length into her stopping now and then to let her adapt to his size.

Her dark eyes, now with that smokey bedroom look, gazed unblinking at his face as he began his slow and easy thrusting. She felt tight around the length of him, the feeling was so wonderful he didn't know how long he could hold back his own orgasm. After several minutes the girl again began to moan and squirm beneath him, her head began to thrash back and forth. He stopped, thinking that he may be hurting her but she pulled him deeper with her delicate hands gripping his ass, her legs tightly wrapped around his waist. She seized the moment as her second orgasm neared, meeting Jeff strokes for stroke, those large dark eyes staring into his and bucking wildly. His engorged cock was completely buried in her as she cried out in pleasure, once again flooding his crotch with her orgasm. 

They lay together quietly for a few minutes as she regained her composure before Jeff slowly pulled out and turned her over on her hands and knees, cradling her around the waist with one strong arm. He slipped into her from behind, watching as his manhood disappeared between her ass cheeks. He spread her cheeks apart to get a better view of his cock plunging in and out of her. Her lips were stretched tightly over his hot meat and their combined juices ran from her with each stroke. He was getting close to coming now as he gripped her waist with both hands, pulling her onto his pounding sex. She was barely touching the bed as he fucked himself with her, lost in the exhilaration of the moment. His balls were boiling as he felt the start of his orgasm. Up from his depths came a torrent of heat and release. With a loud groan, he convulsed within her, pulsing out jet after jet of the white, hot fluid, filling her insides as he slowed his pace to match the contractions of his orgasm. His body shook as she continued to milk him with her pussy for long minutes until they both collapsed onto the bed, spent. 

After a few minutes she rose moved slowly, gracefully toward the door, turning to face Jeff she patted her stomach, smiled broadly and pointed to the sky. With one last gesture of pleasure she was gone. Jeff sat there stunned by the revelation of what had just taken place. "So was this an experiment" he thought, "and did I just father a....a... Star Child? UNBELIEVABLE!"

One of the small gray creature returned with his clothes and he dressed quickly with his head spinning from the encounter. The next thing Jeff recalled was standing at the wall where earlier the invisible door had closed behind him. He was flanked by two of the small gray aliens. 

Jeff awoke shivering and cold laying next to his sleeping bag. "Damn, I don't remember falling asleep here." The fire was out and the moon shined high in the sky. Shaking from the cold, he scrambled into his sleeping bag and slept late into the morning. 

It was just over three months before Jeff began to have vivid memories of his encounter and then he couldn't be sure if it wasn't just a dream. Although he remembered waking up embarrassed that morning in the woods with the crotch of his pants soaked and the faint smell of cinnamon. He thought at the time, "that he must have been one hell of a wet dream."