 Hi everyone. Thanks for the awesome feedback on chapter 1, please keep it up because it makes my day. I am also happy to accept suggestions on how I could improve.

This chapter follows directly on from chapter 1 so make sure you read that first. As such, the format is a little different from what I would usually go for... in this case, the sex is at the start .

Disclaimer: Placenames are real but are mainly used as points of reference, people are made up, and everything sexual occurs between adults over 18. Some aspects of sexuality in this story are unrealistic, this is a fantasy story set in a fantasy society, in a fantasy universe.

Thanks again to RexBrookdale, editor extraordinaire, who also tries to keep me level-headed. 

I hope you enjoy.

LTPC

***

Endangered - Chapter 2 - LTPC

***

One wing twitched ... the first movement she'd seen from him since he had passed out. It set her off like a frightened rabbit, scurrying back onto the bed and as deep into the corner as she could go, flush against the wall. Heart pounding, her hyper imagination came up with terrible scenarios in which a winged purple beast shredded and devoured her. Annabel fought her panic, trying to think logically, Is this what he tried to talk to me about today? Oh my God, he ... he isn't ... human! Is that, that thing, even still Chris? Panic and fear dominated her reason, as she pulled the duvet up around her trembling naked body, hoping to hide herself from the rousing monster.

Chris lay with his eyes closed, concentrating, his senses having returned suddenly to crash against his consciousness with new and vibrant information. Myriad changes notwithstanding, he had just arrived at the happy realization that his mind was still intact. However, there was something ... he could somehow feel that he was different, powerful, alive ... free! These nascent feelings seemed strange to his logical human mind, and carried a distinctive, ancient-yet-feral, dragon quality. Smells were overwhelmingly pungent, and the sound as he breathed, thundered in his ears. Cracking his eyes, his blurry vision cleared quickly and was somehow brighter, images sharper and more defined. More blues, more reds. 

His body trembled with the raw power now constantly coursing through it, cooling down in the wake of burning through his father's enchantment. Those strangely textured instincts originating from within his dragon, told of being tougher, stronger, faster ... better. 

Slowly pushing off the floor, Chris halted, catching sight of his purple hand splayed against the grey carpet. "Well thiss wass unexsspected," he mused to himself at the sight of short, cream-coloured claws in place of his fingernails, framed by purple scales so small he could barely see them, even with his newly-enhanced vision. "What the hell?!" he muttered, hearing the quality of his voice. A little deeper and with a slight sibilance, he would have to work on keeping hisses out of his voice. Speaking of which, his tongue explored the inside of his mouth curiously, finding a pointier, sharper environment. The tongue itself seemed to be able to touch two places at once. Chris stuck it out cautiously; the two prongs of his forked tongue wiggled gently, though the rest still appeared human in shape.

The view downward brought to light an even more shocking change. His nose no longer obscured the view of his tongue, having become flattened and smoothed back into his face. Feeling along its contours, Chris found several other differences: his nostrils were slit-like, his lips were thinner, and a formation of small bumps pointed back in a line underneath his hair just above his temples. Opening his mouth, fang-like canines were at least a centimetre longer and sharp points could be felt along the rest of his teeth. It all sort of made sense, if, as he suspected, he was currently a hybrid of both dragon and human forms. The dragon agreed.

He examined his front, his chest and abdomen now creamy white, blending with the purple as it wound around his sides. With one arm he reached back to partially extend a wing. The leathery webbing was supple and smooth, purple on the back, creamy white underneath, sharing his body's colour scheme. Any part of him that was equivalent to a dragon's underbelly was this lighter ivory, included his palms up to his underarms, his chest, neck, tummy, and ... penis. On cursory inspection, the shape of the latter had changed, too, with a more flared, wider glans, and strange pointed tip. He was amused that the merge between the white and purple travelled the underside of his shaft, leaving the top creamy with a strip of purple along the bottom, giving him a legitimate case of blue balls. 

Gone was any trace of body hair. He checked for it everywhere: chest, back, pubes, ass crack, legs, arms, face. It was all gone except for the now-purple hair on his head. Somehow, these changes felt natural, right even ... he was truly a dragon. 

But why purple? Susan had told him about browns, blues, reds, greens, and silvers, but never purple dragons. 

A dragon's colour reflected it's aspect, or magical element. What was his aspect, then? The answer came to him from within, the dragon simply sharing its instinctual knowledge as if Chris himself had known it all along but had only just now recalled it: The Ether. 

The revelation was conferred with nonchalance, his dragon having known this from the beginning. It explained his purple-tinged dreams: the colour of the Ether – Of course! he realized suddenly, this was why he had so often dreamed of it. 

Slowly rising to his feet, his new wings ruffled a little. Chris tilted back to look up at the leanly muscled forewing, its clawed elbows at least a foot above his head. It was only right that a dragon had wings, wasn't it? Catching his reflection in the long mirror by the door, Chris took a few steps forward to inspect himself. His purple and white body looked powerful, magnificent, dangerous. With a dragon-induced chuckle at his own magnificence, Chris scrutinized his face in the mirror. Reptilian eyes stared back, their vertical irises taking in the lines of his new purple visage. Chris could still see himself in that face, despite the new definition of his nose and cheek bones. Smiling, his sharp white teeth were revealed, points interlocked to provide maximum slicing and penetration of his prey. The dragon preened inside him, his knowledge providing access to the foreign muscles. Chris tentatively extended them to open his wings, watching in awe as they unfurled magnificently. At full extension they reached at least two metres on either side of his body, one tip was currently extended through the doorway out into the hall. Strong bones and muscles stretched along the leading edge, purple-finger struts supporting the thin flight webbing. He felt new muscles tensing down his back and around his ribcage, attached under his arms and down across his back. Would they actually support him if he attempted to fly? His dragon said yes.

Retracting them slowly, Chris turned to fully observe his scaled spine. He saw the progression of ever smaller scales and followed them with a finger. A little further and he couldn't even tell that tiny scales even existed. Running his hand back around and over his abs, his skin felt just as smooth and sensitive as before, but with a subtle difference in the way light was reflected. 

His forked tongue flicked out to taste the air. The flavour explosion he experienced when his tongue withdrew inside his mouth was perhaps the most revelatory experience so far. Smells and tastes he didn't know existed and couldn't identify, lit up his brain with an overload of information. However there was one scent that was very familiar, drawing Chris abruptly away from his self-admiration. Annabel. His head snapped to the corner of the room where she huddled, attempting to hide under his duvet. She gave a tiny jump under the blanket as his head swivelled with lightning speed to look straight at her. 

She should have been his first concern, but he'd gotten carried away with his new body. Trying to move unthreateningly, Chris slowly edged toward the bed. The duvet pile trembled as he got on the bed, kneeling in the opposite corner. Sighing, Chris slumped, knowing that it was all over. She now knew about his dragon; they would have to alter her memory.

"Annabel. I'm so sorry." Chris started, not really knowing how to continue, "I never thought you would be exposed to this. I thought by the time this happened to me I would be long gone. You don't have to be afraid, I would never hurt you."

There was a pause in the trembling and Annabel peeked out behind her improvised cover. "Chris?" came her whispered voice. His deep voice was still gentle and reassuring but he seemed to put a bit more emphasis on his 'S' sounds.

"Yes. Dee it's me, I know I look scary but it's me," Chris implored, extending an arm to try and coax her back to him. "I'm so sorry it happened like this."

Annabel lowered the duvet completely and stared open-mouthed at the creature in front of her. He looked dangerous, terrifying, entrancing, and beautiful all at the same time as he knelt on the bed a few feet away, an arm outstretched like he wanted her to go to him. It looked so out of place, this beautiful monster kneeling on the bed, looking crestfallen. "What are you?" was all she managed.

"I'm a dragon."

"How is this possible?" 

"I was born this way," he sighed. "My parents were dragons; but when my father knew he was likely to die, he placed an enchantment on me, which hid my dragon away while I grew up so I would be safe." 

"This is why you said you were hiding? What could possibly hurt a dragon?" 

"Dee ... there's a whole magical world you don't know about. Dragons are endangered because they were hunted. I tried to warn you about this but my dragon was released much sooner than I expected. It must have been when we had sex." As he spoke, Chris was putting things together in his mind. It must have been losing his virginity that had triggered the breaking of his father's spell.

"I did this to you?" Annabel's voice trembled.

Chris saw her uncertainty and pain and couldn't help rushing to embrace her. However, the sudden advance of a purple, winged man, moving quickly across the bed toward her made her jump back and cry out in fear, forgetting momentarily that it was Chris. He managed to capture her trembling body and hold her softly against him, petting her back. "SShhh. It's okay, Annabel. It's me, it's okay. I didn't mean to scare you like that; I just wanted to hold you. None of this was your fault, it's just who I am. All we did together was unlock this side of me. I don't regret a second, I love you," Chris soothed, pausing before continuing to the painful part. "You weren't meant to find out about this but it's okay, if you don't want to stay with me I'll go. It'll be like I never existed." Chris's heart was breaking and the dragon was snapping his fangs in anger at this promise to leave their mate. 

Annabel calmed as he spoke to her, melting into his warm, firm chest as he stroked her. His scent flooded her lungs, imbuing her with a sense of comfort. It took a moment to process his last sentence but she realised he was leaving her. She took another deep breath and it was as if a switch had flicked on, like he called to her entire body, willing her to go to him. Rationality was thrown aside; she loved him, how dare he leave her? Closer: she wanted, needed to be closer, to belong to him whatever that might mean. Clutching and clawing, Annabel latched herself onto him, determined not to let go. "Don't Chris! Don't go please!" she wailed, tears streaming down her face as she wormed her way against his creamy white neck. "Please. I need you, I love you," she begged.

Chris was startled by her response but quickly tried to comfort the distressed Annabel. He hugged her tightly in return, trying to ignore that she was desperately grinding her body into him, legs locked around his waist. "Hey. Hey, I'm not going anywhere, Dee. Not unless you want me to. I'm just saying that as an option in case you understandably never wanted to see me again, I thought you would flip out and run away screaming. I'm so happy you still want me." 

"Of course I want you, you're a beautiful dragon. I'm yours." Annabel replied automatically. Wait yours? That's strange, I should be a bit more freaked out right now, she thought, while pressing her lips into his skin wherever she could reach. He was so smooth and warm, he smelled great too, definitely masculine with a hint of sweet, spicy smoke. I should stop this... Oooo! I bet he tastes great too. Her addled mind reasoned, swirling her tongue on his skin where she kissed, delighting that he tasted just like he smelled. She couldn't stop herself. 

Something was definitely wrong, Chris was relieved at Annabel's vehement affirmations but now she was trying to lick him all over, moaning breathily as she sucked and nipped at him. He got distracted as she toyed with a nipple, all the while rubbing her pussy slickly against his pubic bone with her ass cheeks teasing his hard on. His dragon was purring inside him, happy with the way she worshiped their body. He snapped out of it when she put her tongue in his armpit attempting to find the source of his delicious smell. The tickling brought him back and he had to forcefully push her away and hold her still as she writhed against him. 

"Annabel, what's gotten into you? Stop. This isn't right." Chris worried.

"Chris! Oh!" Annabel panted, struggling to get back to him. "You smell so good, I just want to taste... What's happened to me?" 

Regaining some control she looked up at him, focusing on his concerned purple eyes. The shock of noticing that they were now reptilian brought her back, he was a fucking dragon. He blinked and she saw a membrane retreating to the side of his eye, he had another see-through eyelid underneath his human set, it was so odd that she noticed it now. There was something wrong with her, she could feel her emotions raging out of control. She loved him so much but now it was like she was desperate to be possessed by him, to prove herself worthy of being his. Her body was hot and achy, starting to sweat a little, it felt like there was a fire in her womb, leaking molten desire down onto him where she squished her mound wetly against his skin. 

"Chris, what did you do to me? I'm burning up. Oh my god, how wet am I?!" 

Dragon struck came the pleased response inside his head as he felt her juices flowing down onto his balls, dripping onto the bed while his pulsing cock twitched between her cheeks. "Oh Dee I'm so sorry, I think you're dragon struck, it's like pheromones or something. I don't know what to do!"

It was too much, Annabel couldn't resist it any more as the slim control she had over her desires slipped back into a lusty craze. "Take me," she whimpered.

"No! Annabel, fight it." Chris said desperately trying to hold her still while she writhed to get him inside her.

"Do it! I love you Chris, take me, claim me!" Annabel screamed, her desperation flaring at his resistance.

"No Annabel, not like this! You're not yourself, you're drugged."

"I don't care!" came her ragged response. What she was experiencing was delicious, but dangerous at the same time, like some unknown doom would befall her if she didn't convince him soon. "Don't you want me?" she asked, seeming vulnerable for a moment. 

Chris relaxed a little, letting his guard down at her hurt expression. "Of course I do, it's jus – "

She took her opportunity and clawed her way back to his body, wrapping around it in a death grip. Chris tried to pull her away but couldn't without risking hurting her. His dragon tried to tell him that this was normal for the first time between dragons and humans but Chris was unmindful, distraught that he'd done this to her, that he'd somehow played with her mind. The female loves you, she needs you to claim her, reassure her that she's yours. Our scent only amplifies her desires, among other things. It doesn't create themm, his dragon informed him, eager to sink into Annabel's tight, hot flesh. 

We will have a serious talk about your affect on the people I love once this is resolved Chris projected ominously. 

We are one being, I love her just as much as you. Now shut up and give her what she needs, came the startling reply.

While their internal debate raged, Annabel had secured her position. Locking her ankles and wrists around his broad body, she pulled herself up to his ear. "Fuck me." She demanded.

"No," came Chris' stony reply, now determined to fight both her and his dragon.

"Please Chris, I need this," Annabel almost sobbed in his ear, squeezing her entire body into him. "You aren't taking advantage, I want this so much it hurts!" 

"I won't."

"God damn it Chris, fuck me!" snarled Annabel, fed up with his noble stubbornness. He said she was under his influence, but that didn't matter to her; the love and want she felt in that moment were so great her body hummed, sweat and heat rolling off her. All this and he wouldn't help her get what she instinctually knew she needed, his seed in her belly.

"No – " Chris felt a roar of pain burst out of his lungs. 

Upon hearing his negative, Annabel had suddenly sunk her teeth into his ear. It wasn't the word she'd wanted to hear. 

Just as suddenly, a brutally strong clawed hand gripped the back of her neck and pulled her off of him. 

"Petulant female!" the dragon snarled in her face, fangs flashing.

"I'm sorry! I don't know why I did that," Annabel quaked, terrified at his rage. The metallic taste of blood set her lips and tongue tingling, as if she had just swallowed hot sauce and was waiting for the full burn to start.

The dragon loosened his grip on her slightly. "It is good, in a way, little one; your tenacity pleases me."

"Chris?" Annabel asked tentatively.

"I'm here, you just brought the dragon to the foreground. We are one Being but each have our own impulses," his dragon allowed Chris to explain, looking her trembling body up and down appreciatively. 

"Now, as to your demands," his dragon resumed. Abruptly she was released from his taloned grip and he watched her slump down against his body, her legs still wrapped around him. Grabbing her narrow waist roughly and lifting her easily, he ignored her weak protests. He positioned her above his markedly more bullet-shaped and flared cockhead, using her engorged labia to kiss the tip, lubricating it thoroughly. She whimpered quietly as he held her in place, teasing her with her own desire as she bucked to impale herself. Soon enough he lowered her, in complete control as his cockhead pressed home suddenly, stretching her wide as it popped in and then drilled deeper, agonizingly slowly, inch by glorious inch. 

It was all too much, whatever he was doing to her, it was just too much. Her body quaked, his penis, so hot and thick inside her, inching slowly upward into her. "Yes! Chris! Ohh ... mmm," the words died in her throat as she came halfway through his penetration, her ecstatic pussy fluttering, wetting him further with a little trickle of her cum. She shuddered, calling his name, cursing him, praising him as he continued to sheath himself in her scorching pussy, pushing through her convulsions. Finally he reached the end of her passage and stilled for a few moments, allowing her to recover. She squeezed her arms and legs back around him as he held both of them in a seated position. He twitched inside her, making her jump. 

"Oh my god; you're bigger?!" she asked incredulously as the feeling of being stuffed with a large dragon's cock prolonged her post-orgasmic bliss, twitching and squeezing him.
