 Frank left the house, kissing his glowing, satiated wife and heading out with Aima, his invisible to all but him genie companion. Frank wore the custom made, grey suit Aima had provided for him, Aima wore the short plaid skirt, shirt, jacket, stockings and boots that had driven Frank wild in the bathroom. 

"You look great, Frank," Aima told her master, smiling at him.

"Thanks," he said. "I had no idea how nice a custom made suit could feel."

"And you didn't even have to visit a tailor!" Aima said. 

Or even wish for it, she thought. One of the benefits of their relationship, her love for him, him having freed her, was she could read his mind and could use her magic however she liked. And she loved him.

Aima stepped up to a town car that was parked, with the driver waiting for them, and she got in. Frank followed her in. He had learned to not be surprised by all the things she did for them.

"First off," Aima said, handing Frank a 8x10 photograph, "these are the employees at your new company. Who you will be...helping to relax and provide comfort for-" She smiled, and looked at him. 

Frank knew Aima didn't have any jealousy toward him. If anything, she was happier with him being happy. And she knew his fantasies. Knew he'd want to be at the service of a bunch of women, satisfying their desires, to be the stud of their group.

"Hold on," Frank said, looking at the photo as Aima watched him and they rode to his new job.

"Don't you find them appealing?" Aima asked.

"Of course I do. You know I do," Frank said, dropping the photo to his lap and looking at Aima. "But this seems a little beyond belief."

"Why?" Aima asked.

"These women look like the top five contestants in an over 40 beauty contest!" Frank protested.

"Don't you like attractive women, Frank?" Aima asked, batting her eyes at him, pursing her lips, and running her hands down her body as if she were straightening her clothes.

"Don't confuse me with your sexiness, you," Frank scolded lightheartedly. "You know what I mean. This seems beyond belief that these gorgeous women all happen to work together and all were left by their husbands and they are starved for affection and appreciation."

"Ah, I see," Aima said, nodding. "Frank," Aima asked, "do you think they were ever young and beautiful? Or that if their lives had been easier, and they had eaten well and slept well and exercised, that they would look better than if they hadn't?"

"Yes, I suppose," Frank said, frowning and shaking his head.

"How about if you got to know them, and really appreciated who they were? Wouldn't you find them more attractive?"

"Sure," Frank said, nodding. "But what does that have to do with what they look like here?"

"Life isn't quite as simple as you perceive it, Frank. Just like I was able to make tremendous changes to you, but Jeanine hasn't seen them all yet, I'm able to make these ladies look different."

"So is this magic, tricking me into thinking they look like this?" Frank asked.

Aima furrowed her brow, tilted her head and paused. "I'm not tricking you..." she said. "I'm just helping you see them in an ideal light."

Frank nodded slowly.

"Is that OK?" Aima asked, tilting her head, and trying to look into his eyes.

"Yeah, yeah," Frank said. He squeezed his lips together and wrinkled his brow for a moment. "Actually... if they are beautiful to me, and they haven't been seen that way by others..." he trailed off with a far away look.

"Yes?" Aima asked.

"I think I actually like that more," he said. 

"I thought you would," she said. "I know the whole magic thing can be complicated to understand. All is not as we see it. There isn't as much objective experience as you'd think. But remember Frank - I love you. I have your best interests in mind. I wouldn't try to fool you."

Frank smiled, looking into Aima's eyes. 

"And I think you are going to have a lot of fun fucking their brains out," Aima added. She smiled. 

Frank laughed. 

"OK. We're almost there. Here's one more thing," she said, handing him a black velvet sack.

"Is this my lunch?" Frank asked, smiling.

"It's my way of helping you have what you want quicker," Aima explained. "I can read your thoughts. If you want something, it's a lot easier for us all if you don't have to ask me explicitly, and if what you want doesn't appear out of nowhere."

"Wow," Frank said, taking the sack.

"Yeah, it's really nice of me," Aima said. "Keep in mind, I'm filling it."

"OK," Frank said.

"So you might find things in there you didn't think about. And I may not give you things you did think about," she said.

"I trust your judgement," Frank said. Aima smiled at him. 

The car came to a stop and they got out and headed into the office building they were parked next to.

Aima led Frank up by elevator to the floor his new employer was on, and they headed in. It seemed really quiet, and Frank looked from side to side to see if anyone was there. 

"Are we really early or-" Frank thought, and was interrupted as someone came out of one of the offices.

"Hi there," the smiling blond woman said, tentatively giving them a little wave. 

She wore a skirt, shirt, jacket and heels, all in grey and white, but the drab office wear didn't hide the fact that she was straight out of Frank's dreams. In fact, she looked a lot like a woman from college, Jennifer, who was gorgeous and had always begged Frank for massages, and he somehow had never figured out to go for it with her. 

"I'm Jennifer," she said, extending her hand. Frank extended his hands, shaking Jennifer's between them.

"It's nice to meet you, Jennifer," Frank said.

"You're a naughty genie," Frank thought.

"I thought we'd tie up some loose ends," Aima said to Frank, looking down at her clipboard through her empty eyeglass frames. 

"It's just me right now," Jennifer said with a giggle, shrugging. "The others will trickle in. Can I show you around?"

"I'd love that," Frank said. 

Aima had made a faithful reproduction of the Jennifer of Frank's memories, or was this really that Jennifer? Frank wasn't overly concerned with the metaphysical details at the moment. Jennifer had straight blonde hair past her shoulders and bangs - a sort of long bob or cleopatra looking thing. He wasn't an expert on hair styles. It framed her pretty, smiling face and expressive lips and eyebrows down over her shoulders and stopped on her big chest, impossible to hide, even in drab office garb. 

As Jennifer spun on a heel to lead the way on the tour Frank continued to look her over, trying not to seem super obvious. Jennifer was curvier than the Jennifer of his college years, with a body more to his liking, more like what a woman over 40 looked like, too. Her butt was round, her hips wider than the barbie doll this Jennifer may have been when she was in college, and her legs shapely. Frank drew in his breath and felt a tingling on his hips and thighs. She was delicious.

"...the coffee machine and refrigerator," Jennifer continued. She must have been talking while she was giving the tour and Frank had been off in his own world. 

"And here's your office," Jennifer said, pointing with her outstretched arm. "Aima told us she was going to furnish it with all sorts of stuff. I guess she did!" She said, smiling and shrugging.

Frank walked in, and Jennifer followed. Aima was there, too, unseen by Jennifer. She smiled at Frank, pleased at the fantasy she had constructed for him.

"This is great," Frank said. "Looks like everything I'll need!" He really didn't know what was there before him, but he would figure it out.

"Looks really interesting," Jennifer said. "Is this some sort of special chair?" she asked, gesturing.

"Yes," Frank said, patting it like it was his preferred make and model. "It's a massage chair."

"Oh, is it?" Jennifer asked, her eyes going wide. "It's not one of those electronic ones, is it?"

"No," Frank said, smiling. "Let me show you. Here, let's take your jacket off, OK?" He asked, looking for approval before she smiled, blushed and let him slip the jacket off of her. He hung it up.

"There are two ways it can be used," Frank said. 

He led Jennifer over and sat her in the comfortable chair. She slipped into its form fitting shape, sighing. Frank knelt by her feet, slipping her shoes off gently. 

"One way is where you sit there, like that, and I can massage you, while you sit comfortably," he said. 

While he spoke he reached out and massaged her feet, firmly squeezing them from her ankles to her toes and back. 

"Oh, that's nice," Jennifer said, smiling and blinking a little more rapidly. "How else is it used?"

"Stand up for a sec," Frank asked, offering Jennifer a hand and helping her up. 

"The other way," he continued, sitting in the seat, "is for you to sit right here on my lap, and I massage you." He looked in her eyes. Her eyes widened and she swallowed.

"Come here and sit on my lap, Jennifer," Frank coaxed.

Full of the boldness imparted to him by the love of his genie, Aima. He knew she was helping everything along, and the last thing he thought would happen is this woman would slap him and storm off.

"Oh," Jennifer said, swallowing again, "OK." She turned her back to Frank, holding her legs together under her knee length skirt, put her hands down to hold onto the chair behind her, and she sat. 

"There," Frank said, holding Jennifer's hips firmly and arranging her round, firm ass on top of his crotch. "Now I can massage your shoulders a bit." His hands went up and started massaging Jennifer's shoulders over her white button down shirt.

"Hmmm," Jennifer said, then stopped as Frank's hands came off of her. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"I don't want to wrinkle your shirt doing this," Frank said.

"Oh, I can take it off-" Jennifer said, reaching for the buttons.

"If you just unbutton a bit I can slip my hands under your shirt," Frank said. "If that works,"

"Oh," Jennifer laughed, unbuttoning as fast as she could, moving on to another button. Would another button be necessary? Would it seem trashy to do that? "Yes, yes, I suppose that would work, too!" 

Frank put his hands on Jennifer's neck and slid them down. The neck of her shirt was still a little small for his hands to fit under. He slid his hands around to her front and undid another button as Jennifer's hands reached back to hold on to the chair firmly. 

"I think that will work," Frank said quietly to the back of Jennifer's neck, more of her chest exposed, his hands slipping under the shirt to her bare shoulders. Soon his hands started to knead her muscles, loosening her neck and back. She exhaled deeply. 

"Your back feels a little tight," he said softly, his breath tickling the hairs on the back of her neck. 

"Yes," she said softly.

"It's from the strain from your large breasts, isn't it?" Frank asked. He spoke without a hint of impropriety, casually talking about her voluptuous chest. 

"Yes," she sighed as he continued to massage her, "I've had back problems since high school."

"Hmm," Frank said. "Let me get to your back from down here," he said, pulling her shirt up at the bottom.

"OK," Jennifer agreed as Frank's hands slide up her sides, then firmly massaged her lower back, moving up her back to her shoulders.

"I don't want to rub against your bra and hurt you," Frank said, moving his hands over the back of her bra and going higher, his arms against Jennifer's back and sides now.

"Let me just take that off," Jennifer said, pulling up from Frank, making his arms slip out. 

"You're a professional, and we're in private and it's just making you contort yourself, having to slip your hands up under my shirt that way." She smiled and shook her head, breathing hard. 

She hurried to unbutton her shirt and take it off before he could protest. Frank stood. Jennifer watched him wide eyed, afraid he was going to stop her, or he was going to take her in his arms and kiss her. Wanting him to stop her, or take her in his arms and kiss him.

He walked past her, closed the door and pulled the blinds down. Jennifer was now in her bra, her chest heaving, looked wide eyed at Frank. He slipped his jacket off and sat back down, never taking his eyes off of Jennifer - never seeming to even blink.

Jennifer breathed deeply, looking at Frank, reached back and undid her bra. Her chest rose and fell with her deep breaths, her face and chest flushing as she moved the straps and then the cups away, exposing her large, round breasts to the cool office air and the penetrating gaze of Frank. 

"That's better," she said and moved to sit back down on Frank. 

Frank held her hips firmly and guided her back down.

"Very nice," Frank said softly, his hands moving over Jennifer's shoulders, now unencumbered by her shirt or bra. 

Her back was beautiful, soft and smooth. Her face, relaxed in the pleasure she was feeling, the amazing sensation of dropping your shirt in front of a strange man, she glowed. Past her shoulders and her soft, straight hair that smelled so sweetly of strawberries, Jennifer's large, round breasts heaved, her pink nipples hardening from the cool air and excitement. Frank could see her rapid breathing as his hands worked her shoulders, now back and lower. 

Jennifer bent over a bit as Frank's hands went lower, reaching around to graze the sides of her breasts, not lingering, moving down to work her lower back, working out the tension. Jennifer squirmed under Frank's firm hands, his face nearly against her back, and beneath her, Frank's cock hardened. As Frank's hands worked her lower back, just above the waist of her skirt Jennifer spoke. 

"Should I...should I take my skirt off...for you?" she whispered through pants. 

She felt herself get even wetter at having asked, being so obviously under the control of his strong hands.

"That's a good idea," Frank said, guiding Jennifer to stand. 

As she did she turned to look at Frank as he spoke to her, presenting her big, firm breasts as she did. 

"I'll need to take my pants off, too," he said as he unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off. 

Jennifer's eyes widened looking over his muscular chest and arms. 

"I don't want to get this suit all wrinkly," he said casually

"Let me help!" Jennifer said, excitedly, reaching out to put her hands on Frank's belt. 

"OK," Frank laughed, looking down at Jennifer's hands right above his crotch, his hard bulge quite visible. 

Jennifer undid Frank's belt, then unbuttoned his pants, and looked up to his eyes. Frank smiled at her and she looked down again, unzipping Frank over his hard cock. 

"How...how am I doing?" Jennifer asked.

"You're doing great, Jennifer," Frank said, reaching out to squeeze her arms, grazing her breasts. 

"Why don't you get on your knees and you can help me out of my pants?"

"Uh...ok," Jennifer stammered, kneeling, keeping her eyes looking into Frank's while she knelt. 

Frank looked down at the wide eyed, bare breasted dream as she raised her hands to unzip his pants. As she unzipped she bit her lip, looking from Frank's crotch up to his eyes and back. Frank's pants started to fall and Jennifer took the pants by the waist and helped them down. In her face with Frank's erection filled boxer briefs. Jennifer looked up at Frank to see his face, to understand what he wanted, as he reached down to pull off his shoes, socks and the pants. 

"Thanks, Jennifer," Frank said. "I might as well get these off, too," Frank said, slipping his thumbs under the elastic of his briefs and starting to move them down. 

"Uh...yeah," Jennifer said, watching Frank's crotch as his shorts came out, his hard cock bouncing free.

"Your turn," Frank said to Jennifer, looking down into her face past his thick, long, hard cock, precum glistening on the swollen tip.

"My...turn..." Jennifer choked out, looking at Frank's cock as Frank held onto her arms and, to her surprise, helped her stand. 

"Let me help you," Frank said, reaching around Jennifer's waist, brushing against the sides of her breasts, his cock poking at her as he reached to unhook her skirt and unzip it. 

"Ah..." Jennifer sighed as her skirt slid down. Frank took it off of her and laid it nicely on a table. She stood there now wearing nothing but her boring white panties that had a conspicuous wet spot. She was gorgeous - her legs, her wide hips, slightly rounded belly, her big round breasts and hard pink nipples. 

Frank came back to her after putting her skirt to the side, resisting the temptation to ogle at her. 

"Let me help you with these," Frank said, reaching out and sliding Jennifer's panties off. 

As Frank slid Jennifer's panties down, getting down on his knees to slide them down, she could hear him breathe deeply, inhaling her natural perfume, released from her exposed pussy. She inhaled sharply as she heard him enjoy her scent, her legs buckled and she started to stumble. Her panties were around her ankles and she couldn't right her step, and she began to fall backwards. Frank quickly shifted his hands to hold her butt, a hand on each cheek of her big, round ass, and he pulled her back up to stand on her feet, his face now inches from her hairy, soaking wet pussy. 

"Steady darling," Frank said. 

Jennifer felt his words and his breath on her crotch, Frank still kneeling, and she shuddered. Frank moved his hands, slid the panties off her feet then stood up, his hard cock again catching Jennifer's attention. 

"Let's go back to the massage chair," Frank said, leading Jennifer by the elbow. 

Jennifer followed his lead. He sat, held her firmly by her wide hips, and guided her big ass toward himself. Jennifer sat in Frank's lap, facing his feet, guided by Frank's hands, feeling his long, thick cock lay between her butt cheeks. She inhaled sharply and squirmed.

Frank's hands steadied Jennifer's hips, holding her still with his cock laying between her butt cheeks. He massaged her hips, moving down her thighs to her knees, his face pressing against her naked back. Now his hands massaged their way up her inner thighs as her legs spread and the wetness from her pussy soaked his balls. His hands worked the soft, hot flesh of her thighs, her pubic hair touching the backs of his hands. She spread wider, leaning back against him, her breasts and stomach and crotch exposed, none there to see it. 

Frank's hands moved back to her lower back and her ass. She leaned forward, shifting her ass, the friction between her ass cheeks driving her wild. 

"I'm concerned that the head of my cock is going to go up your ass with the way you're sitting on me, Jennifer," Frank said. "Would you sit back on me a little?"

Jennifer slid back, sliding along Frank's fat cock, feeling it brush against the rosebud that was her asshole. Gasping, she slid a little further, leaving his cock head between her asshole and her throbbing pussy. She leaned forward, offering her ass and back to Frank, who massaged her back, kneaded her ass. 

She felt his shaft pressing hard, sipping between the lips of her pussy. She reached her hand down, taking his balls in her hand, gasping. 

Frank's hands moved around, massaging her hips, now moving to her front, grazing her pussy entrance. She stared down, gasping, seeing Frank's big balls and shaft. She felt Frank's hands continue to move around, now moving down to her mound, pushing her lips together, squeezing her clit between them. 

Her breathing quicked, she squirmed on him, bringing him so close to her needy sex. Frank's hand slid between her wet lips, sliding along, exploring her clit down to her opening. The other hand rose up her stomach, still further up, and squeezed her big breasts, tweaking her nipples. 

As Frank's hand noisily danced between her pussy lips, toying with her clit, he pushed two fingers in, exploring the tight walls. In and out his fingers went, heightening her need. Jennifer held onto the chair on both sides and rocked back and forth on Frank's cock. 
