 Thanks again to everyone for the kind words and feedback. And special thanks to engpix for his support with bringing this story into print. I hope everyone enjoys chapter 2

---

I started spending a lot more time with Laurie after that. Rhonda was busy researching her spell or whatever. Meanwhile, I was finding Laurie a lot more interesting than she used to be. I was pretty sure she was trying to butter me up for the settlement. Or maybe she was just hoping that I'd buy her more expensive jewelry. Either way, she was working overtime to keep me happy.

"What should I wear today, Thomas?" she asked, standing there in a tiny little bra and g-string. I had to tear my eyes away from her obviously smooth shaved cunt to look at what she had in her hands. It was a real act of willpower, let me tell you. She was holding up a pair of super short cutoff shorts in one hand and a short little mini-skirt with a slit up the side with the other. 

I really had no desire to get friendly with the conniving bitch, however. "Wear the sluttier outfit. After all, that's what you are," I told her harshly. She frowned a little but then shrugged and put on the skimpy shorts. Then she fished the g-string thong out so that she had a nice slutty whale tail going. She walked away, shaking her ass at me as she did before returning wearing a thin white t-shirt tied with a knot to show off her firm stomach. She'd obviously taken her bra off and her thin nipples were poking through the tight, nearly sheer material. I tried not to stare but, as much as I hated her, she was fucking hot as hell.

"Want to watch something?" she asked, handing me the remote. She sat next to me on the couch, closer than she probably needed to. I looked at her smooth legs as she folded them up underneath herself.

I shrugged, "Got any particular preference?" I asked, dreading the answer. She hated sports and always complained when I watched wrestling. She'd probably want to watch one of her patently ridiculous soap operas.

She returned my shrug, which made her huge tits bounce a little. She had to be doing this on purpose right? "Whatever," she said.

"Well I'm gonna watch last night's Smackdown then." 

Again, she frowned at me but said nothing and instead repositioned herself to be closer to me. Our shoulders were almost touching and I could feel the warmth radiating off her legs. I'll admit, the blonde slut was getting to me. I adjusted my cock and saw her eyes flick down as I did. A wistful little smile passed across her face before she wiped it away and pressed herself against me. 

Smackdown was pretty awesome that night. My two favorite wrestlers duked it out with a huge heel turn in the end during the main event. As always, Triple H was a hilarious ass too. That guy was fucking awesome. Laurie didn't complain once, the whole show. She did seem kind of bored as she kept moving and fidgeting next to me. The effect had me hard all night as I kept remember the blowjob when she "earned" her bracelet. "Are you a bored little slut?" I asked, feeling emboldened by her attitude. If she was going to try to get things from me, I was going to make her work for it. I figured she should work for something at least once in her life.

"A little, but it's fine, Thomas."

"If you're so bored, why don't you just suck my cock again. Might as well be useful."

I thought for sure this would be enough to make her leave me alone and stop with her pathetic seduction attempt. Instead, she simply smiled and nodded before descending down to suck my cock deep into her throat. I was barely able to watch the wrap-up at the end of the show as she seemed to be focusing all her effort into slurping every single drop of cum from my body. It didn't take long for me to cum and I held her down while I pumped all of my cum into her slut throat. When I pulled her off, she was still trying to get onto my cock. Her tongue was outstretched and she looked desperate and needful. I was definitely starting to see what Dad saw in the girl. 

Things continued like that for a couple days. She was basically throwing herself at me the whole time and never said no to anything I asked for. I told Rhonda that I wanted to fuck her but she said, "No! You'll ruin the spell. We have to cast the spell AFTER we get the tattoo and it's worked its magic. She has to beg for sex with you and we have to cast the spell the first time you have sex. It's the only way to make it work."

"Well hurry up and get her to have the tattoo. You're holed up in your little yoga den and I'm getting blue balls over here!"

"Be patient," she said soothingly. "Besides, you can get her to suck you off anytime you want. Just don't fuck her until we're ready. Trust me," her words had an almost irresistible tone to them, "It'll be worth it, baby."

So I waited. Finally, after a week, Rhonda had the tattoo ready. She'd carefully sketched exactly what she wanted, the silhouette of a nude woman with a spider web in the background. If you looked closely, however, you'd realize that the spiderweb wasn't symmetrical. She'd explained to me that the web was where the spell was hidden. Whatever. I just wanted to get all the hocus pocus over so that I could use and abuse my new little sex genie. 

Rhonda took the tattoo to Laurie and showed it to her. "Isn't it pretty, Laurie?"

I watched from the other side of the room. Rhonda was only wearing a silk robe and it clung to her body sexily. Laurie had just finished working out and all I could look at was the wildly insufficient sports bra that she used to try to hold her tits still. Even lounging around the house, she was flaunting her built-for-sin body. Yeah. I definitely couldn't wait to show the bitch who was boss. I shook my head and tried to tune back in to what was happening. 

"... I just don't know if I want a tattoo... and no offense, that one is a little... uhmm... sexual," she was saying. Rhonda looked over her head at me and frowned. 

"Is Rhonda showing you her tattoo design?"

"Uhmm... yeah..." Laurie said guardedly.

"I think it's fucking hot. I think any woman with that on her could get me to do anything they want. What a sexy fucking design."

Laurie's eyes lit up. I could see the wheels turning, "So you like it, Thomas?"

"Fuck yeah? It's so slutty and sexy. I can picture fucking some slut with this on her shoulder while I'm pounding her from behind," I said it while looking at Rhonda who smiled widely at me, understanding what I was doing. But I noticed Laurie squirming herself. Evidently she liked the mental image too.

"Okay... fine... I'll do it. Let's go. If Thomas thinks it's sexy then who am I to argue. Let's go get some ink, Rhonda!" she said. They both got dressed and took off together. Rhonda gave me a little wink and whispered, "Soon, stud."

After that day, Laurie didn't bother wearing much in the way of clothing around the house. She seemed determined to show off her slutty new tattoo. My cock was basically constantly hard around the house since Rhonda had also decided to go full nudist once Laurie shed her clothes. A mere day later, Rhonda was riding me on the couch when Laurie came into the room. I didn't acknowledge her but watched out of the corner of my eye as she started rubbing herself. Her smooth cunt sucked her fingers up and she played with her tits while Rhonda bounced up and down on my cock, unaware of our secret voyeur. I traced the outline of the new tattoo on Rhonda's back. I had to admit, it was pretty fucking hot. I'd gotten worried the first day as the tattoo of both girls looked redder than I expected. Almost infected. But after a good night's sleep, that was gone and Rhonda was feeling pretty randy. 

She was moaning and begging and screaming while she took me into her cunt. But it was the big titted bimbo in the hallway that had most of my attention. Soon, she would be her bouncing up and down on my shaft. My giant shaft. Oooh... yeah. I shot my load quickly into Rhonda with a shout and by the time my vision cleared, Laurie was gone. I knew Rhonda was right, it was only a matter of time until I bedded the empty headed little cunt.

Sure enough, two days later, Rhonda and I were lounging around the living room when Laurie walked in. She looked like a mess. Her makeup was all screwed up and smeared, her hair in jumbles. Her fingers were shaking. She looked like a junkie strung out on something. As much as I hated her, I actually felt sorry for her. She looked in rough shape. But Rhonda had prepped me for this. I knew what she needed right now but I also knew it was important that she ask. Rhonda said she had to be completely broken. The more broken, the better a sex genie she'd be.

"You okay, slut? You look a mess?" I rarely called her Laurie anymore. I enjoyed the look of defeat she'd started giving me when I called her names. I figured it was appropriate payback for her calling me Tommy.

"Yy... y... I'm... f... fine," she said shakily as she sat down. She started fingering herself. Right there in front of us. 

Rhonda started stroking my shaft, knowing what was coming. I simply stared at Laurie, "Dumb cunt, you don't look fine," I told her as my shaft grew under Rhonda's expert touch. Laurie was staring at it like it was the only thing in the world that mattered. "Tell me what's wrong?"

"I can't... sss... sleep," she said as she started stroking her clit more feverishly. "And I can't... cc... ccu... cum," she managed. Her whole body stiffened and shook as if she was cumming but the release never actually happened. That moment when the girl cums and you can see every muscle in her body relax at once... yeah... that wasn't there. It was weird. "It's like that..." she said, looking at me. She was definitely broken.

"Too bad," Rhonda said with venom, "If you had a cock like Thomas's, you could cum easily. He gets me off with this shaft every time." 

Laurie whimpered. It was the most glorious, pathetic sound. I turned and kissed Rhonda passionately. I wasn't sure if I loved her, but damn if she wasn't the best girl I'd ever been with. Her evil little mind was just perfect for me. I could see the same greedy gleam in her eye as I'm sure I had in mine. We were hours... maybe minutes away from owning a sex genie.

Laurie whimpered again and I snaked my fingers into Rhonda's wet cunt, "MMmm... his fingers are nice too. And his tongue. Laurie, he's sooooo good at making me cum."

Now Laurie was nearly crying. "PP... Pplease... please."

"Please what, bitch?" I asked.

"I... I need to f...f...fuck you..."

"No," I said and Laurie wailed out miserably. Rhonda smiled at me, encouraging me to continue.

"You'll never fuck me, slut," I said.

"Please... please... please... I need... I need... I need you to fuck me... please... yes... that's what I need. Not to fuck someone but to be fucked. To be... u... u... used... "

Rhonda nodded, that was enough. But I wanted her to pay for the teasing. For the gold-digging. For trying to steal my fortune that I'd earned. I wanted her broken beyond all recognition.

"Look you dumb cunt. You can't cum. But that's not my fucking problem. Why should I stick my cock into your used up old snatch. I've got nice young tight pussy right here."

There was only five years of difference between Laurie and I. At 30, she wasn't that old. But compared to my little 19 year old hot slut of a girlfriend, she was much older. And I knew she was self-conscious about it.

She crawled over to me, "Then take my ass... take my throat... please... use me... use me... use me... I can't think. I just need to cum."

"Why the fuck do I care if you cum? Why the fuck would I ever make you cum?" I asked with a sneer. Rhonda's hips were shaking as I stroked and teased her clit and Laurie's eyes kept going between Rhonda's juicy, red pussy and my cock. 

"You shouldn't. You should deny me. You should use me for your pleasure and not care one little bit about mine," she said all this in a quiet voice. A defeated voice.

"So you can't cum. And you can't sleep. But you're okay with me just using your hot little ass and throwing you away."

Her eyes fell down, she couldn't even look at me as she said it, "If that's what you want... that's what I want."

"Bend over," I told her. 

She smiled a giant grin and turned around, showing me her ass. I pulled my fingers from Rhonda's cunt with a wet pop. She smiled at me, "Enjoy yourself, baby. She'll cum when you do. But wait until she's holding the lamp, okay?"

I nodded and knelt down behind my soon to be personal fucktoy. I smacked her ass and she moaned. "That's for being a fucking prick tease," I said. Then I smacked her other cheek, "And that's for marrying my Dad, you fucking whore," I said. Then I smacked her ass five more times. I did it so hard that there was a clear handprint on her right ass cheek. "And that's for trying to steal my fucking money, bitch!"

She was sobbing and just kept saying, "Please fuck me. Please use me. Please fuck me. Please use me," over and over. So I did. I grabbed her hips and simply shoved my cock in all the way. I know I said her cunt was loose and used. But apparently not. It was tight as fuck and felt like a vice squeezing my shaft. "YEssssss!" she screamed as I penetrated her. Her fingers started stroking her clit. "So fucking close... just pound me... use me... use your whore... fucking destroy me," she snarled. The pretense of shyness she had was gone. Now she was a whore in her element. She was slamming her ass back into me like a fucking pro.

Rhonda came back in and stood over us, chanting something I couldn't make out. She was holding the inkwell in one hand and a book in the other. I slowed down, not wanting to ruin the spell but Laurie had other thoughts. She just rammed her ass back into me faster and faster, riding up and down my cock like a desperate woman. "Fuck yes... fuck yes... fucking needed this fuck that 's good. Fuckfuckfuck," she said. I hooked my thumb into her ass and pushed her away, taking back control of the pace of the fucking. She screamed, "Yes... that hole too... fucking use it... yes!" 

I felt my cock surge inside of her and gestured to Rhonda to hurry up. She nodded and started talking a little faster, realizing that the critical time was going to happen soon whether she was ready or not. Laurie's cunt was a machine built for one purpose. Sucking cum out of cock. Finally, Rhonda closed the book and knelt down to Laurie. She handed her the inkwell and said, "If you want to cum, all you have to do is say, 'I accept', understand?"

Laurie didn't hesitate. She just nodded and started saying, "I accept. I accept. I accept," over and over. Rhonda nodded at me and I slammed my cock home faster than ever. It didn't take long. Laurie's near crying pleas of 'I accept' combined with her super tight cunt had me shooting my load within moments. When I did, she had her own screaming orgasm. It had the sound of joyful relief. As if she'd just been released from a hellish torture chamber. Ironic given that she was going to now be imprisoned for eternity. After about 15 seconds, her cunt loosened up. And then it got less wet and hot. I realized that something was happening and, as my cock slid out of her, the transformation started. Her body became gaseous and translucent except for the load of my cum inside of her. As her body became more and more diffuse, the cum spread out and started to fill her body. Almost as if it was being pumped through her blood stream. Eventually, the cum was fully mixed with her bizarrely gaseous body and she was sucked into the lamp with a whoosh.

I was stunned. I mean... I thought it would work. Obviously. That's what we were working towards. But I realized that a big part of me still hadn't actually expected it to happen. Now that it did. Well... I was ready to believe anything. I reached for the lamp, eager to see my new sex genie in action but as I did, Rhonda also reached out. We both ended up sort of rubbing it and I really wasn't sure who did it first. I hoped Rhonda didn't notice my, admittedly selfish, attempt to monopolize the new toy. Unfortunately, the frown on her face told me I might be sleeping on the couch tonight. Metaphorically, if not actually. As I pondered how annoyed Rhonda would be, I looked at the vapor pouring out of the inkwell. I expected to see Laurie. Instead, it was like somebody had taken my stepmom to the greatest photoshop artist in the world and said, "Make this person the epitome of sex."

Her bolt on tits now looked natural. Still huge DD cups but now naturally firm and perky. Her skin glistened with supernatural smoothness. Little imperfections in her face were gone too. Tiny little scars. The acne pock marks of youth that nobody ever really notices in adults. The little creases and lines of age. Her muscle tone was perfect. Her hair was perfect. Literally everything about her was physically perfect.

She looked at Rhonda and I said, "How may I serve you Master and Mistress?" Rhonda and I exchanged surprised looks. I guess it was a tie.