 Sorry for taking so long. Thanks again to engpix for the help and support with this chapter. Keep the positive feedback coming and I hope everyone enjoys this and future chapters.

*****

Holy fuck was my stepmom hot. I mean... damn. She'd been hot before. A gold-digging bimbo, true. But a hot gold-digging bimbo. But now...

I couldn't help myself. She was fucking smoking. "Get on my cock, bitch," I snarled at her. Time to take my revenge on the prissy little bitch.

"Yes, Master," she said appearing completely unphased at being called a bitch. She walked over to me, hips swaying almost hypnotically. She looked me in the eyes and sank down on my cock in one motion. Her cunt was impossibly tight and wet. It felt perfect. I moaned and grabbed her tits roughly as she worked herself up and down on me better than any person I've ever known. Even, if I'm being honest, better than Rhonda who I thought was basically a sex goddess already!

"Enjoying your new toy, baby?" Rhonda said somewhat snarkily. Let's be honest though, you can't be THAT snarky when you're stripping out of your clothes at the same time. 

"She's fucking tight as hell. For a dumb cunt, she sure can fuck now."

"That's the magic, baby. She's a sex genie. She's made for it. Wired for it," she sounded almost reverent as she walked over to the side of us. She grabbed Laurie's hair and pulled the new genie's mouth to her own aching pussy. "Suck it, slut."

"Yth, mthtrth," Laurie managed as she started sucking. Rhonda ground the new genie's mouth into her cunt and both girls were quickly moaning.

"I wish I had the perfect cock for whatever woman I'm with," I said.

"Yth, Mthtr," Laurie mumbled and suddenly my cock surged. Laurie's moans of pleasure went into overdrive as she started cumming on my now perfect-for-her cock. Her tongue must have gone into overdrive on Rhonda as she had her own orgasm, flinging the blonde bombshell's head back as she did. Laurie turned her attention back to me as she gazed adoringly at me. My cock was sliding in and out of her smooth, slick cunt and she was loving it.

I remembered all the times she'd been snarky and pissy with me though. "Except for you, slut. I wish it was an inch too big for you but you are still addicted to it."

"Yes, Master," she said and then she screamed and whimpered. She stopped slamming herself down on me and instead started going slower, sinking herself down onto my shaft with effort and sheer willpower. Each time, she looked like it was a supreme effort but she was obediently doing it regardless. I flexed my cock as she bottomed out each time and enjoyed watching her gasp as it filled her up almost to the breaking point. With her exquisite tightness and muscle control, I didn't last long and started cumming as I filled her up. She came again as I spurted inside of her before collapsing off to the side as she twitched.

Rhonda and I laughed at our new little fucktoy and I was already thinking of all the ways that I might use her. Rhonda gestured at my juice covered cock and I looked down. It was mammoth. "Apparently sex genies have a pretty high capacity for cock," I said. It was almost comically large as it hung down below me, nearly falling to my knees.

Rhonda dropped to her knees and started sucking at the head. As soon as she did, my cock began to shrink back to a more normal size. It stopped a couple inches longer and much thicker than my old cock, however. "So all those times you said my cock was perfect?" I asked.

"Perfect enough, baby. But damn is it yummy now," she said and she sucked me down in one go. I felt the back of her throat as she deep throated me like a fucking pornstar. When she came off my cock she looked up at me for a second and mumbled, "Sex genie's taste yummy." Then she went back to sucking my cock. Despite having cum inside Laurie only a few moments earlier, my cock was already hard and ready for my hot girlfriend. 

Laurie was sitting on her knees, watching us with utter reverence. I guess it made sense. We were her owners now. The magic probably compelled that kind of attitude. "Fuck, how am I so hard so quickly?" I asked.

"You wanted the perfect cock for any woman you're with, Master. Mistress's perfect cock is one that can cum 37 times without resting."

"37?!?" I asked with a shout. Rhonda simply looked up at me and gave me a sassy shrug before diving back down onto my cock. "I'll never have the stamina for something like that?"

"You can if you wish for it, Master. If it relates to sex, I can make it happen," she said it sweetly. Part of me didn't want to trust her. This was my Dad's second wife. The conniving, scheming bitch who'd tried to steal my inheritance. But Rhonda had assured me that not only was she now completely obedient and loyal, she was also 100% devoted to her owners and wouldn't even WANT to harm them let alone be capable of it.

"Okay, fine. I wish I had a super fit body," I said as I face fucked my girlfriend. Suddenly, I felt better than I'd ever felt. I wasn't overweight before but now my abs were showing prominently. My skin tightened and muscles grew. I was cut like somebody in a movie. Rhonda looked up at me and mumbled approvingly before renewing her effort on my cock. Her technique was absolutely perfect as she sucked me down hard and fast. I gripped her hair and took control, shooting my cum down her throat with a shout.

The three of us played around some more over the next couple hours. I didn't cum 37 times but I did lose count. So did Rhonda. As we laid there talking, I kissed Rhonda and said, "You are terrific baby. All this is because of you. I couldn't have done it without you," I said. "Don't you want something for yourself? Some little improvement or something?" 

"No, baby. I'm fine. You saying you want me improved?"

I knew a girl's trap when I heard one, "No, baby. No need for changes, you're perfect the way you are."

She smiled and nodded approvingly. I mean sure, slightly bigger boobs might have been better but other than that, Rhonda was almost as impossibly beautiful as our new sex genie. I shrugged. I could have any girl I wanted now. Crazy impossible sex limited only by my imagination. Of course, so could Rhonda I suppose. Did I care? I mean... I didn't want some other guy fucking her really. We probably should have talked that out.

"Are you going to... you know... fuck other guys?" I asked. 

She shrugged, "Maybe. If you're fucking other girls it only seems fair, right?"

Damnit... She was right. But I wanted to be selfish, "Laurie, I wish the only guy Rhonda would want to fuck was me."

"I'm sorry, Master. I can't do that."

"What? Why? You're my genie!" I protested. Rhonda was looking at me with a mix of amusement and annoyance.

"She's my Mistress, too. I'm not allowed to change her against her will."

"Damnit!" I said.

"So you can fuck other girls but you don't want me fucking other guys?" Rhonda asked.

I scratched my head, trying to think of a way out of this one. "Well... yeah!" I said.

"You're lucky I'm such a great girlfriend. Fine. I won't go looking for other guys. You just better keep me satisfied with that nice perfect cock of yours though. That was a great wish, by the way. It's a very yummy cock, now." 

We ended up fucking one more time before the three of us headed over to a very surprised lawyer's office. They weren't ready for us and I had to spend almost five fucking minutes watching some crap about Google's new quantum something or other while we waited. Finally they invited us in. While I couldn't just wish to be rich or anything, Laurie still had to obey me. Not just had to. Wanted to. What we didn't expect was that she couldn't give it all to me.

"I... I can't. I'm sorry, Master. All my worldly possessions belong to my first owner. But that's both of you. So I don't think I can give anything to just you or just her. I'm so sorry, Master. Please don't be disappointed in me," she said as she dropped to her knees, pleading pathetically. I started to get annoyed but 75% of my Dad's empire was still a lot and if something ever happened between Rhonda and I, I'd have control. The lawyer looked on in confusion but, for the commission he was getting as administrator of the estate, he wasn't going to ask too many questions.

It's weird when you've wanted something for so long and all it takes is 15 minutes and a couple pen strokes. You sort of expect to feel different but it's a little anticlimactic. What was intriguing was the last thing the lawyer asked me, "What are you going to do with your Dad's company?" I hadn't really thought about it and just gave the man a shrug. "You should go down there and look around. Ask for Jocelyn. She's been calling everyday trying to find out what's happening. Who knows how much things have fallen apart since your dad died. I'll call and let them know what happened"

I thanked him and we got in the car and drove to the office. It was in a nice, nondescript office building downtown. I hadn't actually been to my Dad's office since I was a real little kid. He kept his business completely separate from the family. So I was not at all prepared for what I saw when I walked in. 

Despite the outward appearance of the building, the inside was absolutely opulent. Mirrored ceilings and marbled floors gave the atrium a legitimately intimidating look and I sort of goggled at the sight as I walked in. The only sound was Laurie's six inch stiletto heels echoing through the halls as we crossed the thirty feet to the massive oak receptionist's desk. The gold trim of the desk sparkled in the light looking every bit as majestic as the rest of the room.

As we walked up to the front desk and a hot little blonde piece of ass was typing away. She looked up and I almost didn't hear her ask, "How may I help you?" as I was too busy staring down the massive gulf of cleavage. "Sir?"

"Uhmm... yeah... we're... well... I guess we're the new owners," I stammered. I realized that, even after all these years, I didn't even know the name of my dad's company. All I could remember was that it was something weird and foreign sounding.

"Oh. Yes, I'm sorry Mr. Lindsey and Ms. Dori. I just got the call and didn't realize you'd be here so quickly. We would have..." the woman was speaking so quickly I could barely follow. She seemed frightened. As if I'd blow up at her for some unperceived shortcoming. I knew that reaction. I'd seen it many, many times in my life from myself. My Dad had that effect on people. 

"It's fine, dear. Who's been in charge since my Dad... passed?"

The woman's shoulders flexed back as she let out a breath, "Jocelyn Pierce, sir."

I leaned forward, trying to project some kind of calm reassurance to the woman before realizing that I now owned a sex genie. I turned to Laurie and whispered into her ear, "I wish she was calm and horny."

"Yes, Master," Laurie said with a smile. I heard the woman's breath change behind me as I turned back to her. Her gorgeous smooth skin was flushed red as she looked at me with heavily lidded eyes.

"Why don't you call down Jocelyn?"

She simply nodded and picked up the phone, never breaking eye contact with me, "Miss Pierce? They're here, ma'am." She put the phone back on the hook and looked at me. I reached out and stroked her cheek gently. She responded as if I'd touched the most erogenous part of her body before pulling away quickly. "I... I need to... uhmm... use the restroom, sir."

The look in her eyes was pleading and I nodded, "Sure, we'll wait here." The girl rushed off, the click of her heels echoing through the marbled hall. I watched her tight little ass sway away from me. 

Rhonda coughed a little to get my attention. "Why don't you go take a little tour. I think I'm going to have a little fun with that blonde hottie you got all worked up."

"You sure? We could have fun together, babe?" I asked giving her a wink as I groped Laurie's big tits. My new little sex genie simply moaned passively as if my every touch brought her maximum pleasure. 

"I'm sure. There's plenty of time for us to have fun together but right now, I just want to maximize our fun and go crazy, baby," she said with a sultry tone. She gave me a little kiss then kissed Laurie as well. "I wish that receptionist would be out of her mind with lust at the sight of me for the next 24 hours."

"Done, Mistress," Laurie said. I sort of expected a nose twinkle or head bob but apparently no TV affectations were necessary for her magic to work.

Rhonda pulled up to me and stroked my hard cock. I was already picturing her and the blonde getting busy in the bathroom. "And I wish Thomas here would be as hard and horny as he wants to be from now on."

"Mistress, I'm sorry..." Laurie said before glancing at me. 

"Oh... that's right. Fine... I wish that on myself," I said and Laurie and Rhonda shared a smile. I felt my cock surge with arousal as I imagined all the good things to come. Rhonda gave me another quick kiss and hurried towards the bathroom and her soon-to-be conquest, as she was leaving, another sound caught my attention behind me. I turned and looked, as beautiful as the receptionist had been, the vision in front of me was way hotter. "Jocelyn?" I asked, and the woman smiled a gorgeous smile and nodded. Her long, dusky brown hair cascaded down her shoulders and across her breasts. She looked like she might be Hawaiian or something. Probably a mutt but that didn't exactly do her justice. 

"Mr. Lindsey," she said extending her hand, "Oh... and I... Laurie?... I barely recognized you. You look beautiful. We're so very sorry for your loss. We... we miss the late Mr. Lindsey very much. It's been difficult here... without him."

Laurie nodded but held my arm and pressed against me, "It's fine. Thank you," she said with a tight smile. Not surprisingly, she could act when she needed to. 

"I thought Ms. Dori was here as well?" Jocelyn asked glancing around, noting the empty receptionist desk.

"Oh, something came up. She'll join us later."

"Sure thing. Follow me, Mr. Lindsey," she said and motioned to the elevator.

"I... I don't know a lot about the business and what we do here," I said as Jocelyn led us to the massive silver doors. The elevator was every bit as expensive looking as the rest of the building.

"Well, here at Kvinnamulher, we do consulting work for a vast array of companies around the world. We've become experts in getting people to buy things and do things, you might say."

"So it's an advertising company?" I asked. I guess that made sense. Dad loved selling.

She laughed, "We do some consulting with advertising companies but it's a lot more than that. We're more like... well... you've heard of Cambridge Analytica?"

I vaguely recalled seeing something in the news a little while ago. I think it was related to all that Facebook Fake News Russian shit during the election or something. Not wanting to appear stupid, however, I just nodded knowingly. Jocelyn continued, "They were founded by an associate who stole some of our techniques. She sold them some databases and they reverse engineered some of what we do. They're probably only 10% as effective but that's still pretty good."

"I see," I said. I didn't. I really didn't have a chance to understand though. When the elevator doors opened, the sight that greeted me was pretty fucking distracting. There must have been a hundred girls in the building and every single one of them was stunning. "Uhmmm..."

"They're very beautiful, right?" Jocelyn asked.

I knew a trap when I heard one. "Uhmm... sure... I hadn't noticed," I said trying my best to regain my composure while also avoiding tenting my pants. I was suddenly acutely aware of the single drawback to having a big cock.

Jocelyn laughed, "No need to apologize. Your father was a great fan of Alan Greenspan. He read his autobiography and was inspired. In the book, Mr. Greenspan talked about hiring mostly women not out of a sense of righteousness but cold capitalism. You could get the cream of the crop women in the 60s and pay them far less than comparably talented men." She looked at me and I couldn't help raking my eyes up and down her luscious body. I truthfully wasn't really listening to whatever story my Dad had told her that she felt she needed to regurgitate to me. Instead, I was formulating the first wish I was going to make once she was in my office. "Your Dad realized that the only people less respected and less well paid than women were attractive women. So he staffed the company with his, 'Bargain Beauties' as he used to say."

I chuckled, "Bargain Beauties... a little insulting isn't it?"

"Nobody here is paid less than $100,000 a year. That receptionist downstairs? She's got two doctorates and three patents and she's only the receptionist because she has a lot of extra time while her code compiles. So if Mr. Lindsey wanted to joke about our relative affordability or our beauty, that was perfectly fine with us."

At the mention of the receptionist, I once again felt my mind wander. If the show up here was any less spectacular, I might have wished myself downstairs with my girlfriend. Instead, I found myself weighing the possibility and finding the action upstairs surprisingly tempting. "Why don't you show me to my office?" I asked. A whole fucking office full of hot chicks. And not dumb bimbos like Laurie. Smart, sexy little sluts grateful to have a high paying job. And I had a sex genie that would make sexual harassment a non-issue. I rubbed my hands together as we walked, imagining the possibilities.

We got to my office and I was blown away. We'd lead a good life at home but Dad had never been particularly ostentatious. Apparently that was only at home. His office was massive, way bigger than it needed to be. There were TVs lining the whole wall to my right. Two... no three famous paintings along with five original Jackson Pollacks along the wall on my left. I hadn't realized where we were as we drove but looking out the glass window, I realized he had a perfect view of the beach. As I walked towards the window I looked out and my respect for the old man rose even more. He has a mega corporate empire worth millions, employs only hot girls AND built his corporate headquarters so that it overlooked the gorgeous white sands of a nudist beach. 

I turned back around towards Jocelyn, "Laurie, I wish..." I never got the words out of my mouth. Jocelyn was on her knees looking up at me and was already reaching towards my fly. 

"I did a lot of things for Mr. Lindsey. This was my favorite," she said as she unzipped me and took me down her throat with a single swallow. I looked over at Laurie who had a dopey, subservient, happy look she'd been sporting since we bound her to the genie lamp. I probably looked kind of similar because I was getting the best hummer I've ever gotten. I thought Laurie's blow jobs were great. And they were. But holy shit. Jocelyn took me straight to the back of her throat then guided my hands to her head and looked up at me with total submission. I started fucking her mouth and she just mumbled, "More." So I gave the randy little slut more. I fucked her mouth harder and harder and she took every stroke without any difficulty. 

When I finally came, I shot down her throat and she swallowed it all. Then she began spasming as I finished, twitching and moaning as my cock emptied a giant load into her belly. "MMmm... so good. I've missed that Lindsey cum. I haven't gotten it since your Dad died and... well... Something told me you'd be just as special as he was."

"What do you mean?" I asked as I zipped my pants up. The whole day had been surreal so the random, unwished for, blowjob was kind of in keeping with the theme.

"Something about you Lindsey men. I cum every time I get yours. And they're the best orgasms imaginable. Now... should we go over the business?"
