 The man seated across from him was enormous. Humans had increased somewhat in size in the last 700 years thanks to gene therapy, improved nutrition and the steady march of evolution, but even by 28th Century standards this individual was a giant at over 7 feet. Broad-shouldered and thick of limb, his upper torso was like a tank. Nobody could be this big and powerful naturally, and the opaque, almost pure white skin and bizarre eyes with thin white irises and black sclera were a dead giveaway. This man was Transhuman, or a cyborg, to use the lay term.

"You want a picture? It'll last longer." The cyborg snarked. Nate blinked and stopped staring as the full gravity of his situation came crashing down around him. He looked towards the table, swallowing. His counterpart snorted, then his eyes seemed to unfocus for a millisecond before he raised his voice again. "Interrogation report; onboard The Queen of Hearts in orbit over Sonolous IV, Sonolous System, Orion Arm. 21:00 hours Galactic Standard Time, Earth Date August 19th, 2763. State your name, company affiliation and rank for the record."

"Beardfurt, Nathan. Kjorobos Total Security Solutions, Private First Grade," he muttered "look, we both know what I did, and we both know that you're just going to shoot me in the head and toss me out an airlock or something, so let's just get it over with."

"Why would someone shoot a man before throwing him out of a starship?" the cyborg chuckled, "but you are in a sense correct: you are in some very deep shit, my little friend. But, if you cooperate now, I might see my way towards letting you off with mandatory therapy and a few years of indentured servitude. So, let's begin at the beginning: try to remember what happened after you first came to on this planet"

Nate concentrated, and thought back...

He woke to a skullsplitting headache. His body felt heavy and tired all over. What had happened? A crash? Had they been shot down? He struggled to open his eyes, and surveyed his new surroundings. 

He was lying in a soft heap of pillows and blankets piled on top of a circular mattress, sunken into the floor of a mud structure of some kind. It reminded him of the semi-permanent adobe housing he'd seen on some PMC bases, but this was no PMC base, at least not a human one. The ceiling was low, and the lights were dim. As his eyes adjusted, he noticed that he was not alone. Perched on a stool opposite him was a Xeno. A Sha'dee, specifically, which explained the state of the room; Sha'dee were short in stature and crepuscular, with large, powerful eyes that offered excellent night vision. 

The alien was female. This was easier to tell with Sha'dee, being the most humanoid of the known races. She was probably about 5 feet tall, with crimson skin scored across by darker, blood-red stripes. Her long, thick prehensile tail was loosely curled around the stool, and she was sitting with her knees pulled up to her chest, enormous green eyes watching him intently. Nate looked down, discovering that someone had stripped him down to his skinsuit. His armor and rifle were nowhere to be seen. He tried to sit up, but found both his wrists restrained. He struggled, which caught the attention of the Sha'dee.

"You're awake" she said, softly. Her voice was lilting, almost musical, with rolling 'r's and drawn-out 'a's. Her tail uncurled, and she slid off the stool, landing lightly on slim, graceful legs. She was wearing paramilitary clothes of sorts, short-shorts with a heavy gunbelt and a tank top, along with a flat-topped cap, all varying shades of light buff color. There was a small pistol on her hip, the kind you might see an officer or a vehicle crewman carry, but she didn't have the bearing of a soldier. Nate could not help noticing the way her hips and chest really filled out the uniform.

"Where am I? Why am I tied up?!" Nate demanded, yanking at his wrists. The alien girl's eyes widened, and she shied back, small pointy ears drooping.

"You have to understand..." she said, grasping one hand in the other nervously and pressing them against her chest "you're Human. And you were wearing Merc armor when we found you. We... can't afford to be too careful. I was against it, but I... well I got overruled"

"How did I get here?" Nate asked.

"Your dropship was shot down by rebel forces. My friends found you in the wreckage and brought you here"

"Does "rebel forces" include you?" He asked, noting the uniform and gun.

"uhm... sort of?" she stammered with a half-hearted grin "I'm a local auxiliary. I don't carry a rifle, I drive a truck"

"If you're with the rebels, then why am I not dead yet?"

"We couldn't kill you in cold blood!" she seemed shocked.

"But I'm Human. You're rebels. You hate us"

"I don't hate Humans" she said softly, looking down and worrying her hands "I-if you promise not to hurt me, I'll uncuff you"

"Why not?" He asked.

"Why shouldn't you hurt me?" There was a hint of fear and confusion in her voice. Sha'dee were frail and weak compared to Humans, a single good punch in the right place could cave in her little skull. 

"No, no! Why don't you hate Humans?" He was flustered. Why? She was a Xeno, he could kill her without a second thought, and he wouldn't be punished. Why should he be embarrassed?

"Why should I?" She asked, puzzled but relieved.

"I mean, the whole "we conquered you and spent the past 500 years treating you like 3rd class citizens" thing"

"But not all Humans did that though" she said "it happened centuries ago, you had nothing to do with it"

"That's... surprisingly understanding" he said, taken aback by her answer "Well, I promise I won't hurt you if you don't hurt me"

"Of course!" She said, excited. She approached, stepping down into the recess in the floor and kneeling on the mattress beside him as she undid the right cuff. For a second, dark thougts crossed his mind. He could break her neck easily, get the key, uncuff his left hand and escape. He felt slightly ill, and pushed the thoughts out of his head. She leaned over him, arching her back to avoid brushing against him and reaching for the left cuff. Different thoughts slipped unbidden into his mind as he found himself staring at her breasts hanging barely an inch from his chest. 

She tried to grab the cuff, but lost her balance and plopped clumsily down on top of him.

"ooof" he gasped, more out of surprise than pain; she was incredibly light for her size. She tensed, looking like a deer in the headlights, but seemed reluctant to move.

He was reluctant too. Her body was cool, but clearly alive. He could feel her little heart fluttering against his stomach, the soft, firm pressure of her breasts against his skin. Come on, not now, he thought as he felt himself becoming aroused. She snapped out of it, hurriedly unfastened the cuff and got up, sitting on her knees beside him.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" she flustered, hiding her mouth behind her fists and blushing "It was an accident, I didn't mean to touch you"

"I-it's alright" Nate said, hoping she wouldn't notice the bulge in his suit "I don't mind"

"Y-you don't?" Her ears pricked up and her tail stiffened "you don't think I'm gross?"

"Why would I think that?" he asked, sitting up and rubbing his wrists.

"B-because I'm a Xeno" she blushed harder. 

"I don't think you're gross" Nate muttered, feeling a bit of a blush himself as he blurted out "a-actually I think you're kinda cute"

Her big eyes widened, her face flushing dark red as her mouth hung open slightly, revealing a slender, black tongue. 

"You think I'm... c-cute?" she asked nervously, with baited breath "even though I'm not Human?"

"I-it's kinda because of that" he looked down.

"And you... you don't mind being touched?" She asked.

"Why would you think that?" He answered her question with a question.

"Well, uh... because everyone always told me that Humans are giant prudes who need months of courtship before they touch..."

Nate laughed, to her surprise. 

"Female Humans, maybe. Males are much more... open to that kind of thing"

"You are?" Her voice lifted in excitement.

"Oh yeah. Some females are too, us Humans are a pretty diverse group"

"C-can I touch you?" She asked, hesitantly.

"uhm... sure" he smiled. She chirped excitedly, and scooted over until she was sitting next to him. She reached out tentatively, wrapping a slender, four-fingered hand around the left side of his jaw. Her hand was deft and her grip surprisingly firm as she squeezed his cheek and ran her fingers through his stubble. 

"Your face is scratchy!" She chittered in amusement at the feeling of his facial hair. Her body pressed close to his as she leaned in, running her hand along his neck and through his hair. "But your hair is so fine and soft..." 

He tensed as she inched even closer, rubbing herself against him and wrapping her other hand around his right cheek. Her face was mere inches from his, bright inquisitive eyes staring deep into his own. 

"I just realized" he chuckled "I don't know your name"

"Ketri" she said, smiling "you can call me Ketri. I don't think you have the vocal chords to pronounce my full name"

"Ketri. I like it. I'm Nate, by the way. I guess that long neck of yours isn't just for looks" he joked. She tossed her head back and emitted a long, lilting trill, almost like birdsong, the muscles in her neck rippling with each note. He gave a low whistle.

"That was beautiful..." 

She blushed.

"You really think so?"

"Of course I do" he assured her "Ketri?"

"Yes?"

"C-can *I* touch *you*?" He asked, nervously. Her eyes lit up and she bobbed her head emphatically. 

"Please!" She insisted. He gently brushed his hand across her cheek. Her skin was softer than velvet, cool but not cold, and very elastic. She purred as he rubbed her skin, feeling the familiar yet distinctly alien structure of her bones underneath. He slowly slid his hand up her jaw, and ran his fingers along her delicate, pointed ear, feeling it tremble beneath his touch, then stiffen and push against his fingertips.

"I want to touch your chest" she breathed, placing a hand above his heart. Almost without thinking, he pulled back his hand and disengaged the magnetic zipper of his jumpsuit. She reached in to help, peeling the skin-tight outfit over his shoulders as he distangled his arms and pushed it down to his waist. She gave a soft little gasp at the sight of his naked torso, pupils dilating slightly as she subconsciously ran her tongue across her lips. She leaned in eagerly, and ran her hand across his chest, feeling his muscles and ribs. Wrapping both arms around his trunk, she nestled against him, burying her head in his neck and clavicle and purring like a tiny diesel engine. He was very aroused, his cock straining against the tight suit.

"I have a confession" she said, looking up at him "I... I have a massive Human fetish. I can't help it; your kind is just so big and strong... and your bodies are soooooo waaarmmmmm... Just thinking about being full of Human makes me so horny I can't bear it" she crooned, chest heaving against his.

He was taken aback at her sudden bluntness.

"Is there a particular Human, or... would any one do?" Nate asked, breathlessly.

"I can think of one right now" she beamed at him, and tightened her arms around his waist. He felt himself tremble and grow even harder.

"C-can Humans and Sha'dee... you know... Is it possible?" He asked, grasping her slender waist in his hands. Her back arched at his touch, and she gave a little gasp.

"I think so" she said, voice brimming with excitement and anticipation "I've seen pictures of naked Humans on the Net... We're very similar in... equipment"

"Do you want to...?" He asked, hesitantly.

"Yes!" She chirped "Yes! I want you! I want you right now!"

"I want you too" he said, grinning at her. 

"Would you like to kiss me?" She asked "I-i've never been kissed before... Sha'dee don't do it, but it looks so hot in movies"

Without a word, he cradled her head in his big hands, leaned in, and planted his lips on hers, sucking gently at her mouth. She trembled and whimpered through his lips as he tentatively pushed the tip of his tongue into her mouth. Her chasm was slick with saliva, the insides of her cheeks warm and silky-soft. Her clever little black tongue curled around his, probing, exploring into his mouth. He brushed his tongue across her teeth, feeling the razor-sharp points scratching his flesh. They pulled apart, leaving a string of saliva hanging between them. She exhaled luxuriously, licking her lips as her chest heaved.

"That was awesome!" She gasped, grinning from ear to ear.

"I can't believe Sha'dee don't kiss" Nate said, still breathing heavily. "What do you do?"

She pulled back her lips, revealing a veritable cutlery shop of teeth including two long, slender fangs which slid out of her upper jaw.

"We bite" she said. He swallowed involuntarily.

"Really?" Nate asked "That sounds... painful"

"We don't bite hard" she chirped "just the fangs. If I bit you with my shearing teeth it would take a chunk out of you"

"Ouch" he said, grinning.

"If I do it right, it doesn't hurt. My fangs are very thin, and very sharp, and my venom is a natural narcotic" she explained eagerly.

"Waaait... Venom? Like, the drug? Is that where it comes from?" He asked, incredulous.

"Yep" she chirped "it's literally Sha'dee venom in a hypoderm patch. It's usually cut with other stuff though, and it loses some of it's potency when it's out of my body for a while"

"I'm starting to see the appeal" he chuckled.

"D-do you want me to bite you?" She asked.

"As long as you're gentle" He said. She smiled, and pecked him on the cheek.

"Of course! If I do anything that hurts, tell me to stop" She insisted. 

"Ok" He replied, as she swung a leg across him and locked her shins behind his back, settling herself into his lap. He groaned softly at the sensation of her sex rubbing against his, her warm thighs firmly grasping his torso. She leaned in, and began to nuzzle her face against the side of his neck, licking a patch of skin above an exposed vein. The feeling of her rough, wet tongue was interesting in contrast to her velvety-smooth cheek, pleasurable yet slightly ticklish. Her lips wrapped gently around his neck, and he felt a pair of sharp pricks as her fangs slowly entered him. He gave a little involuntary gasp, and clasped his hands across her back. Nate felt a warm, fuzzy feeling begin to spread through him from the bite, and groaned softly as she pulled her fangs back into her jaw and began to suckle at the wound. She pulled away, smiling and licking her lips.

"You're tasty" she commented, placing two fingers over the holes in his neck and leaning in for another kiss. Her mouth tasted vaguely of blood and a hint of something bitter, traces of venom maybe. Their lips parted, and he kissed the tip of her slim, upturned nose.

"See?" She asked "that didn't hurt, did it?"

"Well, a little bit a first" he chuckled, then sighed with pleasure as the warm, tingling sensation continued to fill him "but the venom more than makes up for it"

She chittered, and pushed her head back into his neck.

"Do you want to feel *my* chest?" She asked, rubbing herself against him.

"I thought you'd never ask" Nate grinned.

"Did you want to take my shirt off, or should I do it?" Ketri queried with a grin.

"Which would you prefer?"

"Well... I'm usually teshi - I guess the English would be... submissive" she explained, flushing slightly "I like to be played with..."

"Then I'd love to play with you, little Sha'dee" 

Nate gently leaned forward and pushed her off of him, onto her back. She sunk into the heap of pillows and arched her back, breasts straining against the tight fabric of her top as he climbed over her, bending in to kiss her neck. She purred, her tail twisting and lashing between his legs. He slid his hands over her stomach, feeling the softness of her skin and tracing her stripes with his fingertips. Her purring intensified and she began to writhe and tremble at his touch as he slipped his fingers under her tank top and slowly pushed it up her abdomen. Her belly was beautiful, just plump enough to be soft and curvy, but not enough to sag over her belt. She stretched her arms above her head, allowing him to push the top over and off of her. 

"Wow... You're busty for a Sha'dee..." He whistled, staring at her big, firm, shapely chest. Ketri chirped, squeezing them together between her forearms.

"You like that?" She asked.

"Absolutely! Why in the galaxy wouldn't I" Nate chuckled, pushing her arms aside and tenderly cupping a big, full Sha'dee breast in each hand, giving them a little squeeze which made Ketri go rigid and moan with pleasure.

"Other Sha'dee tease me for it... They say a look like a Human, or a cow" Ketri explained, as he continued to massage her chest "Most Sha'dee like slender, lithe girls with long ears and no stripes" 

Nate gave a sympathetic pout, and pushed his head between her mounds to kiss her chest. Her skin was warmer now, and beaded with sweat.

"Nonsense" He said, voice muffled by her flesh "I think your breasts are amazing, your stripes are beautiful and your little ears are adorable" He ran a finger along a stripe, chasing it from her flank up and over the curve of her breast.

"Stop it" she chirped, cradling his head in her arms "you're too sweet!"

"It's true though! I thought you were sexy the first time I saw you. You're the best sight I've ever woken up to, hands down"

She was breathing heavier, purring deeper and harder as he kissed her tits and rubbed her flanks.

"Hang on" she gasped "I need to get my shorts off"

He raised his head, face flushed.

"Why? I mean, I'm not complaining..."

"You're so good with your hands... it's making me so wet..." Ketri trembled, whimpering with each squeeze and caress "I'm gonna soak through my pants and then everyone will see when they get back!"

"Alright, let's get those off of you then" Nate smirked, and inched down her body until his head was level with her groin. She tossed her head back in a long, drawn-out purr and began squeezing and kneading her breasts as he undid the buckle on her belt and unzipped her shorts. He pulled them down slowly over her round, full hips, revealing a pair of soft, deep purple panties. He ran his hand down her belly, stroking the little dip between her stomach and the firm little mound between her legs before taking both hands and slowly pulling the panties off. She groaned and raised her hips, inadvertently pushing her sex into his face as they fumbled together to extract her tail from her garments. She was wet alright, he noted as he observed the glistening bulge before his eyes. Shorts and panties discarded, Ketri beckoned Nate to return to her tits, but he had other plans. 

He pushed her legs apart and gently, slowly used two thumbs to peel back the tight, ungodly soft lips of her little slit. She was similar to a Human girl, but not quite. Her insides were a deep, rich red, almost burgundy, with only a single pair of lips and an ovular, vertical hole. She didn't appear to have a clit at first, but as he gently probed her with his fingers he found a stiff ridge along the top of her little tunnel that made her clench and squeal when he stroked it. Nate leaned in and ran his tongue along her slit, sending a shiver up her spine and causing her to clutch her breasts and gasp.

"W-what are you doing?" Ketri whimpered as he began to lick her "Oh god! Oh god! Your... your *tongue* is inside me!"

He froze, and started to pull back his tongue, but she clamped her thighs around his head and held him in.

"N-no! Leave it in! I-it feels so goooooooood..." She gasped.

Ketri arched her back and dug her fingers into her tits while Nate pushed his tongue deep, deep inside, tasting her sweet and faintly salty fluids and tickling her ridge with the tip of his tongue. He could feel every tremor, every spasm of her insides caressing him as he explored her hole. He ran his hands up her flanks, feeling the texture of her skin, when suddenly he came across a long, linear patch on each side that felt different. It was thicker, almost rubbery. As he prodded it, Ketri squealed and clenched hard on his tongue. He lifted his head and asked
