 They didn't see the Sister again, and that was fine by Nate. The truck had been unloaded while they slept, and they were able to get out of dodge early the next morning before the 7:00 am deadline. Once they had left the FOB's envelope, Nate clambered up into the turret and lifted his faceplate, feeling the cool morning air against his face as Ketri guided the massive vehicle through the dunes. This planet was oddly beautiful in its desolation, with shifting golden sands stretching as far as the eye could see. It was enough to make you forget that all of this was the result of nuclear holocaust. After a few hours of driving, Nate noticed something odd, half-buried in a fast-approaching dune. He reached down with his toe and gently tapped Ketri on the shoulder. She looked up, and he pointed.

"Wanna stop and check that out?" Nate shouted over the wind and the noise of the engines.

"Why?" Ketri questioned, with a puzzled look. Nate shrugged.

"Dunno, just an instinct. Besides, we've got time. We started earlier than the Captain expected."

"Alright hun, have it your way." His mate chirped, and geared down, slowing the vehicle and pulling it to a stop in front of the anomaly. 

They dismounted and approached, Ketri grabbing her carbine from its rack next to her seat. The thing which had caught Nate's eye was a building, or what was left of one. It was a facade of slowly crumbling grey brick, bombed out and flooded with sand. Nate drew his rifle and slowly advanced, discretion being the better part of valor. They found themselves standing on what had once been a balcony, though now it was at ground level. There must be several stories buried in the sand, Nate mused, as they found a door and knocked it open with a rifle butt. The door had once held glass in its frame, but this was long-since gone. 

"This must have been a city once." Ketri noted softly, waving her phone around. Nate could hear the ticking of its geiger counter in her hand. "Radiation's not bad, at least not bad enough to harm us, but it's there."

"Bombs fell here..." Nate muttered, looking around the room they had discovered.

"Nukes. Humanity's calling card." The alien girl said, only half-joking. Nate frowned inside his helmet as he surveyed their surroundings. This looked like it had once been an apartment, maybe even a penthouse of some kind. The walls were tiled with rough stone, with the tattered, petrified remnants of artwork hanging forlornly from rusted-through nails. They wandered around the room, shining the lights on their weapons into every nook and cranny. Ketri's natural Sha'dee curiosity had taken over, and she was poking through piles of sand. 

"Hah! Hun, come here, I found something!" She crowed, slinging her gun and reaching down to pull something out of the sand. Nate abandoned his down poking, and strode over to glance across her shoulder. She was holding an alien skull, slim and oddly structured, but clearly humanoid. It had the bone structure for pointed ears, just like a Sha'dee skull, but unlike a Sha'dee it had no fangs and the cracked remains of a Y-shaped horn erupting from the center of the forehead.

"So this is a native..." Nate observed as Ketri turned the skull in her hands. "They look very humanoid. I wonder why the Conglomerate exterminated them, they usually only do that with species that can't live in an earthlike environment..."

"Maybe they were too humanoid..." Ketri posited, handing him the skull and digging deeper into the sand pile. "Only reason us Sha'dee are still alive is because there's too many of us out there, and we're too widespread. Also you pretty much depend on us to fix your tech."

"Too humanoid? Why would that even be a thing?" He questioned. Ketri turned around and kissed him.

"Because of that."

Nate smiled, but looked puzzled. Ketri chirped, and elaborated.

"Why do you think they execute xenophiles?"

"I dunno, religious bullshit? "Mankind shall not lie with alien beasts" and all that nonsense."

"You're putting the cart before the horse. Religion is never the *reason* people in power do anything, it's just the excuse they use to justify it. No, think about us. What are we doing, with everything we've shared, everything we've experienced?"

Nate slapped his helmet where his forehead would be. Of course.

"Bonding?"

"Exactly!" Ketri beamed at him. "After being with me for the last week, could you kill a Sha'dee in cold blood?"

"NO!" Nate said, automatically. She smiled.

"Could you before?"

Nate swallowed guiltily and looked away, kicking a broken vase with his boot. Ketri looked down, ears drooping.

"You already have..."

"They make you do it. It's part of the whole company hazing thing. To make sure you're tough enough to do the Conglomerate's dirty work. We're taught to see xen... you, as animals. To kill without a second thought. Drag some poor alien bastard out of his home, knock him to his knees with your rifle butt and put a bullet in the back of his head, no questions asked." Nate ground his teeth, and crushed the ancient glass under his boot. "I'm a Merc, Ketri. I'm not a soldier fighting for some cause like your rebel friends, I'm a killer for hire. Aaaand now you probably don't want anything to do with me..."

She shook her head, and embraced him, hugging him tight through the armor.

"You're not a merc anymore." The little xeno chirped, kissing him tenderly on the cheek. "You're my mate now. I know you wouldn't harm a hair on my head, and that's good enough for me. People change, and what's past is past. How can I hate you for what you've done before, when I love you so much for what you're doing now?"

Nate smiled, wiped his eyes and kissed her on the lips. 

"You're too sweet. I don't deserve you..." He crooned, hugging her back. 

"Awwwww... Yes you do! B-but c-can you loosen up? Your armor is k-kinda crushing my ribs!" Ketri gasped breathlessly. Nate loosened his grip immediately, cursing himself for forgetting he was wearing power armor. 

"Come on big guy, let's look around more!" She suggested, slapping him playfully on the cheek. 

They found a door that wasn't blocked by sand and made their way into another room. Nate activated his headlamps so Ketri could see too, and they peered around in the darkness. It appeared to be a bedroom, with a large crumbling bed at one end. The room had stayed *mostly* free of sand, but not the ravages of time. 

"Look!" Ketri said, and pointed to the bed. 

There were two skeletons lying amidst the rusting bedsprings, entwined with eachother.

"Must have been a quick death..." Nate muttered, stepping closer to examine them.

"Or a slow one..." Ketri mused somberly. "Maybe they knew the radiation was going to kill them, and decided to spend their last moments together?"

"You're a hopeless romantic, you know that?" Nate queried with a grin. "Nah, but you're probably right. If they were close enough for the blast to kill them instantly, the building wouldn't be in such good shape."

"It's kinda cute, in a tragic way. If there *is* some kind of afterlife, I hope they found eachother there..." Ketri mused.

"Me too." Nate said, putting a hand on her shoulder. "This place is giving me the creeps, you wanna get back on the road?"

"Yeah..." She said, quietly, still staring at the skeletons.

They left the building as they had found it, climbed back into the truck and set off. They were silent for the next few hours, each contemplating what they had seen. As the sun finally disappeared over the horizon, Ketri spoke up.

"Hey Nate? I was thinking about those bodies back there... Do you suppose we'll end up like that?"

"Dead?" Nate asked, puzzled. Ketri shook her head.

"Everyone ends up dead eventually. But that's not what I meant. Do you think we'll be together when the end comes? It just made me think... I don't wanna die alone..."

"Everyone dies alone." Nate said, matter of factly. "I've seen a lot of people die. They might cling to eachother until the last moment, but in the end, they all die alone. That's why we have to fight and survive, make the most of what we have in the moment, y'know?"

"That's depressing..." Ketri mumbled, looking down at the steering wheel in her hands.

"Not really." Said Nate. "It just means that every moment together with other people is important, because it's not infinite. If I knew you and me would be together for eternity, it wouldn't be special..."

She looked up and smiled at him.

"I hadn't thought about it like that... But if every moment counts... We can still arrive tomorrow morning if we stop here...?"

"If you're implying the implication I think you're implying, I say pull this bitch over!" Nate smirked, sliding down out of the turret and giving her a kiss on the neck from behind her control chair. She pushed her cheek against his, and hauled on the steering wheel.

She guided the truck into a small canyon, and after a few minutes of fumbling with nets, they were camped for the night.

"You know..." Ketri suggested, hauling open a compartment. "We have emergency sleeping bags... And the back of the truck is empty now... We could build a nest back there instead of the fold-out bed."

"I like the way you think! The cab is quite cramped..." Nate observed, helping her haul out the trunk containing their emergency kit.

They cracked it open, and retrieved four sleeping bags tightly packed inside of waterproof compression sacks. Ketri had gotten the rear hatch open, and Nate tossed her the bags, then went about making dinner. Digging around in the compartment, he found a box of canned rations. A bit of searching uncovered six cans of pre-cooked beef slices. One can each would have been enough to make a decent meal for a Human, but Sha'dee were consummate carnivores with voracious appetites. He'd seen Ketri consume 3 entire steaks on her own once, and she looked hungry today. Nate unpacked the camp stove, and emptied all six cans of beef into a pot, to which he added some canned bell peppers and whatever spice packets he could find. While the food heated up, he quickly stripped out of his armor and tossed it into the back of the cab. If there was anyone who could see them, being caught with his dick out was the least of his concerns. When his makeshift stew was done, he opened and prepared a couple pouches of instant rice, then carried the proceeds of his effort up into the back of the truck.

"Oh my..." Nate breathed, clambering up into the truck bed. Ketri had spread out the bedrolls in a heap against the front corner of the bed, and was lying propped against the corner. Her right arm was curled over her shoulder, elbow resting on the wall, her head leaning back against her forearm. Her long, shapely legs stretched out towards him, one draped casually over the other, with her tail curling sensually around them both. She had stripped down to her panties, and was slowly rubbing the index finger of her free hand around her erect left nipple. She chirped as he entered, sniffing and licking her lips.

"Mmmmmmm... something smells tasty..." She purred, releasing her breast and beckoning him closer. Nate grinned hungrily, and climbed into the makeshift nest next to her.

"Something looks tasty too..." He raised his eyebrow suggestively, drinking in her luscious curves. She was so beautiful, his little red girl, from her cute, round face with its big soft eyes and perky ears down to the thick, graceful length of her tail. The way her stripes curled around her body accentuated her generous curves and lent her a somehow even more exotic look. And her breasts! Oh, her breasts... Most Sha'dee females were slim in build, with small perky tits, but striped girls like Ketri (while rarer) were usually thicker, and Ket herself was particularly voluptuous. Especially when she was in heat.

Nate scooted up next to her, and she slowly leaned off the wall and snuggled against him. Nate pulled a flap of unzipped sleeping bag over their laps, and set the pot and rice down. Ketri purred at the warmth from the pot, and rubbed her head against his shoulder.

"Holy shit, you made a lot..." She gasped, peering into the pot. Nate grinned, and tousled her hair.

"I figured you'd be hungry." He said, handing her a fork and opening the instant rice packets for them.

"We can't use this much!" She protested, but the hunger in her eyes was obvious. Nate chuckled, reached into the pot with his fork and held a hunk of meat in front of her face.

"Come on Ketri, you know you want it... If the Captain gets pissed, I'll take the blame." He stroked her cheek, watching with a warm smile as the little triangular slits on each side of her nose flared, drinking in the scent.

"No fair!" She pouted. "You know all my weaknesses..."

"Come on little alien, open up!" Nate teased.

"Oh fine, you win!" Ket huffed, and struck like a cobra, swallowing the entire morsel in one bite. She smacked her lips and held her mouth open, expectantly. 

"Really?" Nate asked, incredulously. She raised what would have been an eyebrow if she had facial hair, and reach under the covers inbetween his legs. 

"Ah, so that's the deal..." He grinned, and fished out another forkfull. She devoured that too, then took a scoop herself and offered it to him. He clumsily took a bite out of the hunk of meat proffered to him, chewing it appreciatively before sucking the rest off the fork. Ketri giggled at his efforts.

"You're adorable when you eat!" She chirped, squeezing his shaft under the covers. "You take such little bites!"

"I can't help it!" Nate scowled playfully, trying to fight back a groan. "I don't have your stretchy mouth, much less a gizzard..."

"Poor thing..." 'Ri crooned, stroking his jaw and planting a kiss on his cheek while she worked her clever little hand up and down his length. They fed eachother until Nate was stuffed, then she dug into the rest with a vengeance while he massaged her back and kissed her neck and ears. 

"MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm..." She purred luxuriously after the last bite was gone, arching her back and patting her belly with satisfaction. Nate tossed the empty rice pouches to the end of the truck bed, and moved the pot over to the side as Ketri laid back and continued to purr. He lay down next to her, gathering her up in his arms and nuzzling his nose into her soft neck. 

"You spilled some..." Nate smirked, looking down over her collarbone at a few drips of stew spattered across the swell of her breasts. Almost as though she'd done it on purpose. She chittered, and gave his cock another squeeze.

"Oh, why so I did... MMMmmmm, why don't you clean it off me?" Ket purred, slowly rubbing her thumb over his glans. He leaned over her, and slowly licked along the side of her left breast, running his wide Human tongue across the soft, warm mound.

Ohhhhh yessss... That's it hun... Mmmmmm..." Ketri purred, stretching and arching under him. "Ahhh... I love it when you lick my breasts, mmmmmm... That tongue of yours may be short, but it's so wide and soft, and it feels so good on my skin..."

Nate grinned, sliding his tongue over her perky nipple and down into the valley of her cleavage. The alien girl purred, her big chest vibrating under his eager tongue as he went to work on the other tit. 

"You know... I bet this stew would taste even better with cream..." Nate said with a wink, and a squeeze of her breast.

Ketri purred, but pushed his face away as he leaned in. 

"N-no, don't suckle me yet..." 

"What gives? You've been begging me to do it these last few days..." Nate asked, cocking his head at her. Ketri chirped, and brushed her forehead against his with a smile.

"You've been so diligent about suckling me... My titties don't hurt today, they're comfortably full and plump... Now my belly's nice and full too, and you're going to fill my little womb full too..." Ketri purred, kissing his nose and giving one of her breasts a squeeze. 

"You sure get off on being full of things." Nate teased, tickling her and making her squeal.

"It's my kink!" She protested, nipping his earlobe with the tip of a fang. "Something about the sensation of being stretched inside just makes me so happy and turns me on sooooo much... Especially when it's you. I'm even starting to really like sucking on you too, feeling that thick snake of yours filling my poor little throat..."

Nate chuckled, and climbed ontop of her, straddling her hips and pinning her to the nest by her shoulders.

"Should I fill you now, baby?" He crooned, rubbing his shaft along the outside of her slit. Ketri whimpered and nodded frantically, grinding back against him. 

Her tail curled in through their legs and wrapped its tip around Nate's cock, guiding it into her eager pussy. He thrust into her, feeling her tight flesh part around him. She was soooo tight tonight, he could feel the bulge of her full stomach inside of her as he pushed all the way in. Ketri whimpered and contracted on him, holding him deep inside of her as her nails bit into his ribs. He felt her tail move under them, then gasped as she thrust the appendage into her other hole.

"H-holy shit... K-ketri... You're crushing my dick..." Nate groaned, biting his lip at the ever-increasing pressure. "I can't move..."

"Y-you don't h-have to..." She gasped breathlessly. "I will."

Nate moaned as she pulled her tail out and thrust it in again, and again. Ketri started to move her hips, bumping her plump belly against his as her tail squeezed and released him inside of her. Nate was the one moaning and arching this time, feeling as though his member had become a part of her seething, twisting insides. His grip on her hips started to slacken, and she took the chance to flip him over and press her cheek against his solar plexus, her cool body lying atop of him as she wriggled against his skin and kneaded him inside. Her tail pressed hard on his big vein through her wall, the tip pushing up it as she thrust into herself, as though she was trying to squeeze his cum out like toothpaste from a tube.

It was working, too. Nate clenched his teeth and moaned loudly, wrapping his arms around her head and clutching her against his chest as he felt his cock swell with heat and cum. He tried to hold it, but a swift jab from her tail pushed him over the edge and he released, groaning and shaking under her. Ketri sang with him as they came, her throat vibrating against his torso with each note. When the last drop had been squeezed out of him, he went limp and lay there, chest heaving. Ketri purred, licking the sweat from his chest with her clever little tongue and kissing his own nipples. 

"Jesus." Nate gasped, stroking her hair and still struggling to catch his breath. "That was... hahhh... amazing... God you're amazing... My little red angel..."

"I thought I was a demon..." She crooned teasingly, gliding her tongue up the center of his body. "Besides, I'm not done yet!"

Nate barely had time to process the ramifications of that before he felt the familiar sting of her fangs sinking into him. A few seconds later, he felt himself grow inside her, and then was crushed again as she eagerly jammed her tail as far in as she could. She seemed less in control this time, but if anything the force with which she devoured him was even stronger, biting him again and again on the chest as her insides attacked him like a living meat grinder.

She squeezed two more orgasms out of him before they both collapsed from mutual exhaustion. They lay like that, her little body resting ontop of him for who knew how long, before she lazily slid off of him and cuddled up against his side. She started purring and rubbing her cheek against his flank, stroking his chest and giving him little kisses. She'd picked up the Human habit with surprising speed and gusto, Nate mused, kissing her forehead and petting her hair. He gathered her up in a big bear hug and gave her a gentle squeeze, eliciting more purrs and nuzzling. He almost enjoyed this bit more than sex, the cuddling afterward. Ketri was incredibly cute just in general, in his opinion, but when she was snuggled up next to him, squirming and purring, she was almost unbearably adorable.
