 "An hour!! And still producing steadily! Unheard of." 

My mistress, wearing again a white lab coat, strode into the milking parlor. It was a pleasant room, done in blue and white, but still had a sterile feel to it with glass shelves and steel instruments. Proper commercial stables had anywhere from 3 to 10 stalls in a row where milk maids were brought in twice a day for up to thirty minutes of milking. Stables often had different themes to draw clientele to watch or participate in the milking. My mistress, being in the R&D side of the business, never had more than 10 test subjects at a time. This meant she only needed one specially calibrated research stall- a contraption with the same raised box-like frame that had been used for my enhancement procedure. Instead of straps, though, I was hooked in by my harness. It provided the necessary suspension points so that I was comfortably kneeling and bent over, my thighs spread wide, my large swollen breasts dangling heavily below me. Being exposed and helpless in that position had made me wet with desire almost immediately. Once the catching cups over my nipples were removed -almost overflowing with milk just from the short walk from the bathroom to the milking stall- and replaced with nipple pumps, I was practically humping air with horniness, my breasts aching with the delicious pulling sensation as milk was steadily drained from my nipples.

That was 55 minutes ago. 

Forty-five minutes ago my nipples were starting to ache and my thighs were soaked with my desire. The mistress had muttered something about checking on another experiment and told the bratty sub Amilia to come get her once I ran dry.

Thirty-five minutes ago the last of my lust had disappeared to be replaced with a steadily increasing pain centered in my nipples. 

Now I hung limp, bored and in pain, my pussy as dry as a desert, yet blue-white milk still streamed steadily from my swollen, distended nipples into flask after flask. If each flask was half a liter, then I'd managed at least 4 liters over all... A little over a gallon.

"Well, this won't do!" My mistress had reappeared. "As much at I'd love to see how long you could go before running dry, I've no desire to ruin your sensitivity. We'll build up your tolerance first. Amilia, shut it off, clean up her nipples and put some healing salve on them." 

I shuddered in relief as the pumps stopped torturing my nipples. "Don't bother unhooking her. The salve should do it's work in about five minutes. Her milk rate is high for her first milking, but not unusually so. She deserves a few good orgasms, and if I want to keep on schedule, I'll need to see how that affects her production rate. An hour! No one goes longer than 20 minutes! I was expecting 15 minutes at most! This throws off my entire day, but I can't say I'm displeased. An unprecedented effect." The mistress came around to my head and stroked my shorn scalp as she directed Amilia. The salve felt amazing. It cooled my tender tit flesh and almost immediately erased the fiery burn of my unnaturally elongated nipples.

"Now, hand me her gag monitor. I'll replace her bit with it since for science sake I can't fuck her mouth myself... and she responds so well to having a cock gagging her. You remove her anal monitor and insert the double phalloactuator with the clitoral gimbalator attachment." As the mistress gagged me I could see Amilia from the corner of my eye as she picked up two flat objects from a glass shelf and moved behind me. I heard and felt her unhooking some straps between my legs and then she inserted something soft and smooth that curved from my pelvic bone and up between my ass cheeks. I could feel something cushioning my clit and two small bumps protruding slightly into my vagina and anus. Straps were refastened. I squirmed slightly, puzzled, as the objects in my crotch were less intrusive than some panties I'd owned. 

The mistress opened her hand screen and started working at it. "I just need to input your personal pleasure parameters and then we'll set you with the standard program. Reattach the cups, Amilia, but set them to sensor start so they won't pump until she starts leaking. Don't worry my pet, we won't go longer than 15 minutes this time. There were go, all ready. Let's begin!" The mistress made a final motion with her hand and snapped her screen off. 

A split second later the items in my crotch started warming and softening. They started buzzing slightly and the one at my clit started a slow, languorous circling around my nub. Desire was slow coming back to me. I felt a bulging at the opening to my vagina, as if a thick cock head rested at my entrance. I squirmed slightly and it moved in just a hair further and then retreated. The circling at my clit, like a tongue, was drawing closer and closer to that small button. I squirmed a little more and then suddenly the pumps around my nipples switched on. The salve had mostly healed them- they were only slightly sore, and I moaned with the newly pleasurable sensation. Suddenly the tongue thing at my mound drew over my clit and I was firmly back in lust's grip. It started working tirelessly over and around my clit in a steady rhythm. The bulge at my entrance also started a rhythm, pushing slowly in and out, each time going in a smidge further, thickening a bit more. It was like a slow and steady tease, drawing me up and back down. The last bulge at my anus finally made its move, a tiny tendril pushing into me slowly, circling, and then retreating. Each time it grew a tiny bit wider. All the parts were slightly out of rhythm, though- I was getting pushed higher towards orgasm, but never over. The shaft in my pussy would penetrate me, but not at the same time that the tongue would swipe my clit. The anal probe would thicken and pulse, but then wither as the shaft entered me. It was maddening. It went in for at least five minutes, everything moving incrementally faster but never syncing up. The shafts were penetrating me deeply and were satisfyingly thick but my bucking hips did nothing to change the angle or increase the speed so that I could orgasm. I could hear the pumps ramping up steadily as my milk flow increased, tugging at my nipples harder.

And then everything aligned. The shaft in my pussy plunged in as deep as it could and pulsed as it pounded me in sync with the probe that filled my ass and the tongue that rode directly on my clit with waving vibrations. I screamed around my gag and finally flew over the peak. My cunt sucked at the shaft like a cock, wanting it to fill me, and it obliged, growing even thicker and pulsing as it knocked into my womb. The probe in my ass responded the same, stretching my ass until it burned. Both plunged deeper into me as if trying to borrow inside of me, and the tongue on my clit vibrated with an almost audible whine. Another orgasm, but instead of flying, this time I plunged as the waves washed over me. The shafts in me felt huge, pounding me without mercy. I wasn't given any relief or rest. My orgasms were almost continuous, and I drifted in a haze of pleasure that verged on pain. Dimly I could hear the mistress murmuring as she took notes and gave instructions to Amilia. 

Finally the sequence started ramping down. I whimpered in relief as the dildos shrunk and the buzzing and licking at my swollen clit ceased. The mistress moved to my head and started unstrapping my mouth gag. She spoke as she worked. 

"Hmmm the salve seemed to do an excellent job... Your pain levels are still quite low. I admit, for partially selfish reasons, I think we'll perform one last experiment... Amilia, attach the liter collection beakers, and turn the pumps to automatic. Then you may eat my ass. Watching kitten here has made me quite hard... and it's been over 2 hours since I've gotten relief. If ingesting my semen can produce satisfactory results, we can go ahead and start the next round of experiments tomorrow. Amilia, stop being such a prig and use that tongue of yours girl! Now, my pet, open wide."

The mistress unbuttoned her lab coat and brought out her already turgid cock. Behind the mistress's braced legs I could see Amilia kneeling as she did her duty. I wet my lips and licked the purple head before sucking it into my mouth. As before, she tasted delicious, and I struggled to take her girth and suck her in as deep as I could. I rolled my eyes up to look at her - she was pinching the nipple of one large breast with one hand, and with the other on the back of my shorn head she was guiding my mouth. Her face was relaxed and ecstatic as she fucked my throat. I brought my eyes back down and sucked harder, swallowing as much of her cock as possible, pleased to give her such pleasure. She gave a low moan as my cock worship paid off and she started fucking my mouth with vigor. My tongue and throat worked furiously at her thick length, flicking the head to taste any precum that collected there. I worked between breaths to suck sudden as much of it as I could. "That's it, kitten, swallow me down. Such a good pet. I'm going to cum now, swallow it all, every last drop!" She did, and I did. As I eagerly swallowed the last drops I heard and felt the pumps work harder on my heavily swollen breasts. Despite my recent prolonged orgasm, could feel wetness dripping down my thighs again and I longed to be fucked. The mistress let her cock soften in my mouth as the pumps worked at me. She pulled out, her semi-hard cock glistening with my saliva against her thigh. 

The mistress petted me with one hand as she did up her coat buttons with the other. "Mmm, lovely. You may stop Amilia. Monitor her output and stop the pumps once she returns to her baseline rate, then escort her to her room. Now kitten, I'll be leaving you in the harness with the climax aids in place. You're to wear them constantly. Don't worry, everything is waterproof. You have leave to use them whenever you need, but you're required to hook the pumps to your breasts when you do. Your room has been outfitted with a set of them by your bed. In fact, the harness won't activate until you've turned on the pumps. You have my permission to orgasm however much you like... You'll know when I want you to stop. I'll see you midday tomorrow for your next experiment." With a kiss to my forehead the mistress left the room, leaving me alone with Amilia.

The veneer of servility dropped completely from Amilia.

"Are you proud of yourself, you cow? 'An unprecedented effect'," Amilia mocked. "You could have been anyone. The mistress should have selected me. 2 years in her service and she hasn't given me a single enhancement. Well, at least I'm not an experiment. You're going to end up a milch-cow, milked day and night and fed only sperm the rest of your days. You like those big tits now, but just wait till they sag to your waist and your nipples are the size of saucers." 

I glared at her. My gag had been replaced or I would have given her a piece of my mind. I'd known what I was getting into. I was smart and educated in the sciences, but with other species being smarter there were limited job opportunities for humans in science these days. At least this way I was being a part of science and gaining a lucrative career option as a milkmaid. Plus I'd always been fascinated with milkmaids. The fact that my attributes were outstripping those of the average milkmaid made me secretly very excited. Maybe the mistress would even have a job for me once my contract was up and I could be research assistant and milkmaid both. 

Amilia ignored me in fuming silence the rest of the half hour my milking took. She marched me back to my room, impatiently removing my head harness, and then left without a word. I sighed in relief, and then eagerly looked for the pump station, still horny from earlier...