 I was glad to finally be back in my room. It wasn't much past midday but I was exhausted. All I'd done was sleep and eat the day after my enhancement as my body underwent numerous transformations. The first round of experiments had started immediately after I'd woken today. It was my third day here, but I hadn't had a moment to look at my new traits or explore my changing body. Now I stood in front of the projection wall and studied myself. 

I wasn't used to seeing myself bald, and I briefly mourned the temporary loss of my aquamarine hair. My boobs were much larger. Huge, even. If the mistress's had been cantaloupe sized, mine were already the size of very small watermelons. My waist actually seemed smaller, but I wasn't entirely sure. I panned around to look at myself from the rear. Definitely smaller unless my ass had grown as well. I continued panning with swipes in the air and then I frowned and zoomed in the camera. I looked down at my breasts to confirm. There were stretch marks from the rapid growth my breasts had undergone. I retrieved some skin cream from the bathroom and started massaging it into my flesh. The stretch marks disappeared, but touching my huge breasts felt amazing, like a dream come true. 

I squeezed and fondled them, enjoying the sensations as they overflowed my small hands. I started dribbling milk again. I pulled hard at one long nipple and then the other, watching as they made tiny spurts with each tug. Amazingly, despite orgasming to near exhaustion a half hour before, I was getting horny again. I had always had a high libido, but nothing like this. I moved to the bed to explore the milking setup depending from the headboard. I pulled out the suction cups and placed them over my nipples. As I did a mobile screen appeared. With it I could control not only the suction, but the dildos and clit vibe imbedded in the unobtrusive machinery strapped between my legs as well. I smiled and laid back on the bed, happy to spend some time controlling my own climaxes.

______

By noon the next day I was leaking from pussy and nipples in uncontrollable lust. I'd spent several intermittent hours last night milking myself and bringing myself to climax. It was almost as if the more I came, the hornier I got. When I woke late this morning my bed was soaked from lustful wet dreams and I was looking forward to several orgasms until my noon appointment. Unfortunately, the pumps had been deactivated. The device between my legs which had brought me so many orgasms just a few hours before now acted as a chastity belt, preventing me from finding relief in any other way. Playing with my boobs only brought more frustration.

I distracted myself by watching the news, rebalancing my retirement portfolios, and eating a sumptuous brunch of fruit crepes drizzled in chocolate. That was one good thing about my stay- while I wasn't earning any credits, I also wasn't paying for rent or meals. However, it also meant no outside contact with friends or family, either. My mother, a famous concubine to Empress Ilkatravia the third, was now retired on the human pleasure colony on Florida ( a slight irony, since she'd been born on one of the Floridian islands of Earth back before they had finally succumbed to the sea), so she wouldn't be worried if she didn't hear from me for several months. Interstellar communication was still entirely dependent on ships. Other species had instantaneous interstellar communication, but they guarded their technologies ferociously, especially from violence-prone humans. My best friend knew of my contract, so he wouldn't be expecting to hear from me for months as well although I was dying to send him some holos of my new figure. I toyed with the room computer and considered trying a hack or two.

But then the noon chime if programmed sounded and I jumped up from my couch eagerly as my door slid open. Jerome stood there, naked except for his collar. He looked me over appreciatively, taking in my wet thighs and dripping nipples, and sniffed the air. I blushed, knowing my entire room reeked of my lusts. 

"You're all good and worked up, aren't you kitten? Don't worry, you'll be taken care of. Let's get you to the milk lab and strapped in for the next set of experiments." He took his time clipping my arms behind my back and putting on my head harness with its bit. His hands brushed my sensitive breasts and nipples several times, and he guided me down the hall while fondling the full globes of my ass. "Mmm, your breasts are definitely larger today. And all that milk leaking out... I bet it's delicious," he murmured in my ear. I much preferred him warm appreciative presence to Amilia's cold hateful one, but his attentions were only spiking my prolonged arousal. 

In the milk lab, Jerome clipped me into the milking stall, attached the pumps, removed the device between my legs and worked a large anal monitor into my ass. Again, he didn't keep his hands from wandering. Lastly, he removed the bit from my mouth and shrugged into a lab coat right as the mistress arrived. She brought guests with her.

"Here we are, gentlemen. Thank you for volunteering for this experiment. You've all been briefed on what's expected of you, but I'd like to reiterate that you can fuck her vagina or mouth, but you absolutely must ejaculate in her mouth. You will only be compensated for that. I would also remind you that the more times you cum, the more you get paid. You'll have fifteen minutes. Starting... Now." She gave an invisible signal and immediately a naked man moved around to where I could see him, his hand pumping his average sized cock. He quickly stuffed it into my mouth and grunted as streams of jizz pumped down my throat. I swallowed reflexively and made a muffled noise as I felt a large cock being stuffed into my pussy.

"Good girl, kitten. I didn't have to tell you to swallow. Lovely. Keep swallowing all that semen, my dear." The mistress monitored me from beside Jerome, making notes and occasionally fondling Jerome.

The man in front of me removed his spent cock and was quickly replaced by another. This one was long and skinny and slid easily down my throat. He fucked my mouth vigorously, grabbing my head, for half a minute before unloading his jizz. The cock at my pussy was pounding at me hard as well, much to my delight, his balls slapping my clit. I wasn't even close to cumming though when he pulled out and replaced the thin cock in my mouth with his own fat one, jerking himself to finish in my mouth. An average sized cock started fucking my pussy now. Like a game of round robin, one cock was rapidly replaced by another at each end. I swallowed load after load. I could see from the corner of my eye men lining up, all jerking themselves off, and sometimes each other. One man was willingly fellating another as he jerked himself close to cumming. The mistress nodded at this and sent Jerome to kneel and suck some men closer to completion as well. Amilia arrived and the mistress gave her the same task. 

Someone was always fucking me, but never for long enough and in the same rhythm to let me orgasm. I would have screamed in frustration if I hadn't been too busy swallowing semen. With Jerome and Amilia acting as fluffers orgasms were getting faster. I was distracted from my own possible climax by my struggle to swallow it all. They even started stuffing their bursting cocks in my mouth two at a time, making my cheeks bulge and my jaw ache. I managed, though. I didn't usually like the taste but, perhaps because of my altered genetics, they all tasted delicious- like various exotics fruits. I lapped it up and swallowed it down eagerly. I think I counted around nine different men, and each managed to cum at least twice, some three or four times., I lost track but I think I ended up swallowing at least 30 loads of semen. I was getting incredibly full, but still I sucked it down. Finally a low gong sounded.

"Time! Gentlemen, that was quite marvelously done. Very efficient. Amilia here will show you back to the locker room and if you're still needing relief you may use her in any capacity you'd like." I could see the men grin at each other and eye Amilia lasciviously, despite their multiple orgasms. No doubt they'd been given performance enhancing drugs and would be ready to go for at least another hour. 

I hung in my harness and licked my swollen salty lips as they filed out. The pumps were sucking hard at my nipples, and I could feel juices running down my thighs. I was frustratingly horny, but apparently an orgasm for me was not in today's experimental protocol. 

I was milked for almost thirty minutes as the mistress made notes. A few minutes before the pumps started winding down Jerome started slowly sucking her cock while stroking his own. 

"Ah, good. Right on time. I think I'm starting to sense a pattern. We'll need to repeat the experiments several times to be sure, but so far everything is as I expected. One more experiment to go, today. Jerome, my darling, I've analyzed your semen and I'm most eager to see it's effects on our pretty pet. If you would be so kind as to fuck her mouth? And in the meantime, I will take advantage of your tight ass once more."

Jerome suppressed a pleased grin as he moved to obey. His cock was huge and hard as he positioned the massive head between my swollen lips. His cock was bigger than even the mistress's and I trembled and salivated all at once imagining taking it for my own. He was already leaking precum and if the other men had tasted like fruit, I could only describe Jerome's cum as tasting like the most decadent creamy dark fudge. I moaned and lapped at his slit as he wedged his head into my mouth. He was so huge I had to practically unhinge my jaw. I heard him grunt and felt his cock push further into my mouth and knew the mistress had started fucking his ass. 

So the mistress fucked him and he fucked my mouth, each stroke making my jaw ache but rewarding me with a spurt of his rich semen. I strove to suck at him and take more into my mouth, my tongue licking at him furiously, starving for more of his delicious taste. My eyes watered with the pain of my stretched jaw as each stroke took him deeper into my mouth, but still I sucked on. Finally I heard them both panting rapidly and the mistress whispered, "Now Jerome." He was well trained. He gave a strangled cry, grabbing my head in both hands as he stuffed himself down my mouth and unloaded stream after stream of hot delicious jizz into my throat. I swallowed. And swallowed. It seemed like it never ended. I could feel my stomach swelling with load after load and remembered he'd cum over half a liter yesterday. I tried to keep up but I could feel it leaking from my mouth and dripping from my chin. Despite my best efforts, his cock popped out of my mouth and I coughed and gasped as the last few ropes of his cum ended up dripping down my face. I still licked at what I could, fearful of disappointing my mistress. I was aware that my breasts had swollen and were aching even more than usual. The pumps sucking at my nipples were working furiously, draining me as fast as they could. I whimpered at the spikes of pleasure they were sending to my sodden, empty cunt. 

"Oh yes, very good! This rate is quite unexpected. Jerome, do some clean up while we wait to see how long she sustains this output." Jerome knelt to clean the mistress's cock with his tongue.

"Kitten, I'm very pleased you managed to swallow as much as you did. I'll have Jerome reattach the phalli device before he takes you to your room. I'll give you back control and you can orgasm to your heart's content tonight and tomorrow. I'll be busy crunching numbers and it's a rest day anyways, so feel free to explore the compound. Jerome can introduce you to the other test subjects and servants if they're around. Again, though, you'll be wearing your harness and must be attached to the pumps in order to activate the phalli. Understood?" I nodded as much as the head harness would allow. 

"Excellent. Jerome, you know what you do. Tata, darlings."

Jerome watched as she left and then darted forward to kiss me, hard and fast. I gasped as he moved away. "Jerome! You'll get in trouble!" 

He grinned at me wickedly. 

"You're worth the trouble. Your mouth was amazing. Way better than Ames ever was at sucking cock." He retrieved a wet cloth at wiped at my jizz smeared face. 

"Now no speaking or you'll be the one in trouble. I bet you're looking forward to activating that phalli device aren't you? I'd fuck you right now if I could get hard. You drained me dry, kitten! But your ass looks so good, those big round globes and spread thighs. And your pussy looks so needy right now, all wet and bright pink. Even your clit it hard and swollen. I bet you're going to have 5 orgasms before you pass out tonight. You know you have monitors in your room? I'm going to spend my night watching you fuck yourself into oblivion. I'm allowed to make myself cum on rest days, so as soon as midnight hits I'm going to soak my sheets with jizz as I watch you, milk spurting from those big tits of yours, imagining those big dildos in your ass and pussy fucking you hard and deep. So give me a good show, won't you kitten?" He caressed my head and met my gaze, smiling entreatingly. 

I just gave him a sly smirk and said nothing.