 Note: This story was inspired by The Next Stage of Development by lambo69. Credit is due to that person for the basic idea; I hope my version is sufficiently different to merit considering it as an independent creation. 

*

I was walking home from work late one misty spring evening, a Friday, thinking about the gorgeous young woman who'd checked out my groceries and how badly I wanted to watch her ass bounce as I fucked her from behind. I was passing through the park near my apartment building when I heard a bizarre buzzing noise above me. I looked up, and out of the mist there appeared overhead an immense metallic disc, its edge lined with a rotating, fluorescent blue ring. I was too startled to do anything but stand, stare, and try to overcome my lifelong skepticism regarding the existence of UFOs, and was only just starting to realize that I should try to make a run for it when I felt my body seized by some invisible force and lifted up from the ground. As I was pulled rapidly up towards the saucer, dropping my backpack filled with my groceries, a set of doors in the center of the UFO's underbelly slid open, bathing me in pale blue light as I lost consciousness.

I awoke in a large metallic chamber and found myself strapped naked to a sort of gurney angled at about a seventy-five degree angle. As I looked around, I realized that the room appeared to be a hemisphere, with no doors on the side that I could see, just a smooth metal surface. As I shook my head and began contemplating my fate, a seam appeared in the wall of the chamber opposite me, and a doorway opened where none had been before, and a figure entered the chamber. To my surprise, it looked pretty human, except that it was about nine feet tall and had dark blue skin, four arms, no hair, and glowing yellow eyes that regarded me coldly as it adjusted its red uniform. 

"Greetings, human," it addressed me in clear English, its voice deep and somehow soothing, despite the utter terror that filled my body and mind. I am Nevoluskareth, Auditor Third Class for the Life Form Development Institute of the Interstellar Imperium. Forgive me if my speech is at all unclear, I have had only limited time to learn your primitive tongue." The creature smiled, revealing a mouthful of immense, sharp teeth, and in my fear I wondered if they would soon be devouring me, or worse.

"On behalf of the Institute I wish to offer my sincere apologies to you and your species. As you are no doubt not aware, your emergence into full consciousness was due not to natural selection, but rather to intentional intervention by researchers from our institute. Unfortunately, due to a clerical error by one of our data managers, who I can assure you has been sacked, the coordinates of your planet file were entered incorrectly in our master file. The result was that your species' guided development remained incomplete, as we were unable to find you for approximately seventy-five thousand years. A cursory investigation of your history from that point onward has revealed the toll of strife, violence, misery, environmental degradation, and psychological instability with which your species has been plagued."

I certainly couldn't argue with Nevoluskareth; human history had been pretty dismal. "My supervisors," the creature continued, "have advised me not to expend any more of the institute's resources on this project, wishing to simply close the case and leave you to your fate now that the planet has been recovered and the case can be closed, as you have fallen too far behind the other planets in your experimental cohort. I, however, consider this a callous response, and one inappropriate to a civilization as ethically advanced as ours, and so I prevailed upon them to allow me to introduce modifications to a sample of males on your planet so that they may help to realign your species with the path to ecological, social, and psychological harmony. I am pleased to inform you that after a basic physical and neurological evaluation, you are one of the males selected for this noble task."

The creature moved its upper left hand in a complex gesture, and a holographic display materialized in the air beside it, bearing a 3D representation of my body. "Let me go over the primary modifications I have made." On the hologram, my musculoskeletal and cardiovascular systems glowed inside my body as the skin turned translucent. "Your strength, stamina, and athletic capabilities have all been enhanced beyond normal human limits; you'll need these capabilities for the task ahead." 

Next, the hologram zoomed in on my groin. "Your sperm have been repurposed, and now contain a potent mixture of specially engineered genetic material designed to recoup at a rapid pace the guided genetic development of which you have been deprived for so long. While your sperm will no longer actually lead to fertilization, they will infiltrate the ovaries of any woman into which they are introduced and modify their genetic material, such that any future young they spawn will possess these new and advanced genes. To facilitate the dissemination, or rather, the insemination of this material, I have massively boosted your semen production and quality, eliminated your refractory period, rendered you immune and non-transmissive of all sexually transmitted infections, and re-engineered your penile circulation, affording you the capability of effectively limitless sexual performance, assuming adequate supplies of food and water. Keep in mind that these modifications with significantly increase your requirements for these two key resources." 

After that, the hologram shifted up to my head, and my brain glowed beneath my skin. "Finally, your endocrine and nervous systems have undergone special modification. Your central nervous system now radiates subconscious brain waves that are currently effective at a range of approximately one hundred meters, and you should expect your abilities to increase as you become more familiar with your enhancements. These brain waves, combined with the new cocktail of designer hormones you will now secret in aerosolized form, will have two key effects. First, and most importantly, every woman to whom you are sexually attracted will be willing and eager to engage in intercourse with you. Second, all persons you encounter will experience an attitude of benevolence, generosity, and cooperativeness towards you, such that it is unlikely that you shall ever require that crude mode of exchange you call 'money' ever again. Is this clear?"

I nodded slowly, still too shocked to really believe what was happening. "Good," Nevoluskareth said. "Very good. There are subtleties to these modifications, but you will learn them yourself over time. Now, then: your mission is to inseminate as many female members of your species as you can, to introduce this new genetic material into the human gene pool as widely as possible and thereby secure the salvation of your species. If all proceeds well, in time your species may even reach a stage of development at which they are judged eligible for inclusion in the Interstellar Imperium. Good luck, and May the Smile of the All-Benevolent Empress of the Interstellum Shine Upon You For Eternity." At that, Nevoluskareth delivered a strange four-handed salute, turned crisply on its heels, and left the chamber, after which I quickly lost consciousness again. 

I awoke late the next morning in my apartment with a massive erection, and immediately assumed that I had been having a particularly outrageous dream. When I got out of bed, though, I realized that I had no recollection of actually coming home after my supposed dream. In addition, while my clothes were in a pile on the floor, my backpack, which I remembered dropping as I was lifted into the saucer, was missing. It also meant that I had no breakfast, as my groceries had been inside. I still wasn't seriously entertaining the reality of the UFO, but I was getting seriously concerned that I had had some kind of psychotic break. I resolved to head out and search for my backpack, and then maybe pursue some psychiatric assistance. But first, I was definitely going to swing by the diner, as I was really starving.

The world outside appeared normal, the mist having burned off in the bright, hot morning sun, and I saw nothing that suggested that I was suffering some kind of total break with reality. I headed for the park, feeling extremely well-rested and invigorated. My erection, which stubbornly refused to go away, was stuck under the waistband of my gym shorts, and I looked down self-consciously from time to time, wondering if anyone would be able to tell. When I reached the spot where my supposed abduction had happened, I found my backpack in a bush just off the dirt path, my box of cereal still inside. I also noticed what looked like a perfect circle etched into the dried dirt of the path, in what seemed like exactly the spot at which I had been pulled into the sky. 

As I was contemplating what seemed like mounting evidence that something resembling my experience might actually have happened, I sensed someone approaching on the path. I looked up from examining the dirt and saw a young woman approaching, breathing hard, apparently just finished with her morning run. She was gorgeous, her brown hair tied back in a ponytail, wearing a tight pink shirt that stretched across her ample chest and a pair of grey running pants that clung to every curve of her perfect legs. She smiled as she passed, and I turned to watch her luscious ass bounce inside her tight pants, imagining what it would be like to bury my face in her delicious butt.

That's when something extraordinary happened. She stopped, turned around, and walked back to me, a nervous smile on her face. "Hi," she said as she walked up to me, extending her hand. "I'm Lisa."

"Hi, Lisa," I replied, startled, and took her small hand in mine. "I'm Karl."

Lisa giggled bashfully. "Hi, Karl. Listen," she said, embarrassed, "I'm not normally like this, but it seems like something has come over me, and I can't help myself. I was wondering if you'd like to go in the field over there and have sex."

"Uh...excuse me?" I said, certain I had misunderstood.

Lisa's smile turned mischievous. "You heard me," she said, stepping closer and reaching out to grab my still-raging erection through my shorts. "I want you to take me into the field, strip me down, and fuck me." 

If you can believe it, my surprise was even greater now than when I'd found myself face to face with an extraterrestrial. That had been insane enough to pass off as a dream, but this was unmistakably real. A beautiful young woman had come up out of nowhere and asked me to fuck her in the park in front of everyone. This, I realized with deepening astonishment, effectively confirmed as real everything that had preceded it. The UFO, the alien, the modifications...all of it. I decided to see where this would go. I smiled at Lisa, nodded my agreement, and as she tittered with glee I followed her off the path, past the bushes where I'd found my backpack, and into the field that made up the center of the park. 

The field was about half the size of a football field, ringed on the sides by paths and bushes. Also in the field that morning were a woman walking her dog and a couple of college kids tossing a frisbee. None of them seemed to be particularly alarmed when, as I followed Lisa into the center of the field, she pulled first her shirt and then her sports bra over her head, tossing them aside and turning to me bare-chested, her beautiful ripe breasts sheened with sweat. 

I walked up to her and kissed her deeply, my hands already cupping her firm breasts, her nipples hardening under my fingers as I massaged them. She pulled away from my mouth and gasped, her face flushing with lust, and pulled away from me playfully. She turned, bent over, and looked back at me as she peeled her running pants down around her full ass, revealing her fantastic fleshy cheeks framed by a black sports thong. She pulled her pants down over her sneakers and gave her right ass cheek a soft slap, her flesh jiggling deliciously beneath her hand. I laughed, and beckoned her back over to me as I pulled off my shirt and then pulled down my shorts and boxers, freeing my throbbing hard-on so that it could stand proudly in the warm morning air. Lisa licked her lips as she walked back to me, her eyes on my rigid cock, which seemed larger and harder than it ever had before.

I watched delightedly as Lisa walked up to me, peeling down her thong to reveal her trimmed but hairy vulva. She pulled her thong down around her ankles and stepped out of it. "Open up," she said, and as I parted my lips she stuffed her sweaty, wet thong into my mouth, filling it with the salty taste of sweat and the tart, sweet flavor of her pussy. Then she dropped to her knees in the grass before me, and in one swift motion engulfed my cock with her wet mouth. She sucked me wonderfully, sliding her slippery lips up and down my shaft and slathering it with saliva using her deft tongue. I began to worry that she'd make me come already, and I pulled her to her feet, pulled her thong out of my mouth, and stuffed it into hers, then laid down in the grass and invited her to sit on my face. 

She squatted down, dropping her hairy but well-groomed vulva onto my open mouth, her inner labia glistening and parted like an exotic pink flower. As she pressed her pussy down against my lips my mouth was flooded with the delectable flavor of her sweet young snatch. I devoured her sopping slit, and Lisa moaned and squealed through her thong, looking down at me and massaging her tits as I feasted on her juicy twat. Finally she stood up and pulled the thong out of her mouth, her pussy dripping down onto my face as she pulled away. "I want to feel that fat dick inside me," she moaned, stepping back and straddling me, grabbing my dick to line it up with her slick opening. 

I gasped as the head of my dick slipped between her wet lips and into her tight tunnel, then groaned loudly as she sank down to the base, driving my dick up into her hot, tight, slippery depths. Then she began riding me, sliding her pussy up and down my shaft, slapping her gorgeous ass down against my thighs as she filled herself with my dick. "Play with my tits," she moaned, and I reached up to massage her lovely bouncing breasts and gently pinch her hard nipples. Her breathing grew faster and more ragged, her riding more vigorous, and as I pulled one of her breasts down and slipped it into my mouth, swirling my tongue around her nipple, she gave a sharp scream, and I felt her pussy began to clench wetly around my dick. "Oh my fucking god I'm fucking comingggg!" she wailed, her whole body shuddering as she came hard on my dick before collapsing forward onto me.

"Holy fuck," she moaned between hard kisses, "your dick feels so fucking good. I want to feel you pound me." She rolled off of me and onto her back, spreading her legs wide and pulling her knees back. I climbed to my feet and put my hands on her thighs, pressing her legs down and apart, and plunged my dick into her sopping hole, burying myself to the hilt, then drawing out to begin powerfully thrusting into her exquisite slit. Her breasts bounced beautifully, her eyes getting wider and wider as my driving shaft pleasured her, and soon she came again, writhing and bucking her hips beneath me as her slick pussy walls gripped my dick rhythmically. 

"Wow," laughed Lisa, soaked in sweat, "you're fucking incredible."

"So are you," I said, breathing hard from the vigorous pounding I'd given her. "Get up on your hands and knees," I told her, and she did so gladly, arching her back and presenting me with her luscious ass which so beautifully framed her hairy, sopping opening. I stayed on my feet and squatted down, holding her around the waist as I lined my dick up with her slit and then sank deep into her. She squealed happily, and I began pounding her hard again, her cries ringing out into the quiet park. I suddenly remembered we were in public, and looked around in alarm. But the woman with her dog was gone, and the two college kids were just sitting on the slight slope at the far end of the field, watching us. One of them held up his hand, giving me a thumbs-up. I grinned, then looked back down at Lisa, her ass jiggling as my thighs bounced against it and my dick rammed deep into her wet tunnel with every thrust. 

I was desperate to come, and remembered what the alien had said about my duties. I brought my legs forward to shift my center of gravity, then leaned forward, reaching underneath Lisa to grab her shaking breasts, and nestled my face next to the right side of her head, nibbling on her ear. She turned her head, and I licked the side of her face. "I'm gonna come soon," I gasped, still plunging rapidly into her eager pussy.

"Yeah?" she moaned, "I want you to fucking come inside me, Karl," she said between deep breaths. "I wanna feel your sperm shoot deep into my womb!"

Wow, I thought, I didn't even have to ask to come inside her; she already wanted it! "I'm gonna fucking fill you up," I snarled, feeling my orgasm starting to churn wildly inside me.

"Yes, baby, come in me," Lisa gasped, "and play with my tits, I'm gonna fucking come too!" She began to yelp, her pussy squelching as my thick cock drove in and out of it, and just as she screamed again and her third orgasm began rippling around my dick, my own orgasm rose and exploded within me, an electric burst of pleasure that shot through my body in time with the immense jets of semen that began spurting from my dick as I continued pounding into Lisa's orgasming pussy.

"Oh fuck, I can fucking feel it!" Lisa squealed, "It's so fucking hot!" My dick throbbed inside her clenching hole, splattering her hot wet depths with so much jizz that it came frothing out around my still-plunging dick, splashing out over my balls as I finally buried myself to her in the hilt and pumped out the remaining massive surging shots of sperm, totally overflowing her magnificent vagina.

"It's pouring down my legs," Lisa giggled. "God, you came so fucking much!" I kissed the side of her face, then released her breasts, and finally slid out of her quivering pussy and stepped back to see what I had wrought.

She was a beautiful fucking mess, her hairy vulva drenched and matted with semen and vaginal fluid, with more semen drizzling down her juicy thighs and dripping out of her pink hole to spatter down into the grass. She rolled over, grinning from ear to ear, and pulled her legs back, reaching down to slide the cum along her thighs and back towards her slit, trying to push as much of it as possible back into her hole and stop it from spilling out further. Finally she grabbed her thong and stuffed it between her messy labia so that it would serve as a sort of plug for her pussy. "Gotta keep that cum in there!" she laughed, then beckoned me over to her so that she could lick my dick and balls clean of my cum and her pussy juice. Finally I collapsed next to her, and we lay on the grass, catching our breath and looking up at the clear blue sky. 

Finally I realized how absurdly hungry I was, and invited Lisa to brunch at the diner nearby. She thanked me, but said she had some grad school work to catch up on, and we slowly got dressed again, engulfed in post-coital bliss. She left me her number, inviting me to fuck and inseminate her again whenever I felt like, and I told her I'd definitely take her up on the offer. Then she was gone, jogging off across the park, past the two college kids, who applauded as she passed. 

There were a few other people in the park now, but none seemed to mind that we had just been fucking right in the middle of it. This must be the effect of the pacifying brainwaves, I realized, and wondered what exactly I could get away with. Would I really be able to fuck and cum inside anyone I wanted, without even having to worry about creating a child? I'll find out soon, I told myself, and, my growling stomach forestalling much deeper thought, I headed for the diner.