 It all started with a spark. When grandpa Dane created the multiverse he was in the middle of sexing up his first wife grandma Andromeda. Let me tell you about Andromeda, she was the sexiest woman in the multiverse, with caramel skin, HH breast, a peach shaped ass, warm honey eyes, a slim torso, and brown hair. Standing at 5'7, she was a sight to behold. While grandpa Dane was your standard muscular build, jet black hair, perfect porcelain skin, and mini galaxies for eyes. They had sex ending in an explosive climax, that birthed everything. I know right, I have the coolest grandparents. 

Now that there were places to go, they settled on a nearby planet later named Palais. For the first hundred thousand years they ate, slept, fucked, and explored the universe while always returning to their home Palais. But one day everything changed.

Andromeda got pregnant with triplets. Gramps was, to say the least, surprised. I mean one would think that in all their godly glory they could prepare for this, but whatever. 

The next day she had all three of her babies, identical male twins Odin and Ra, and a girl called Isis. Grandpa Dane was a bit extreme and kicked them all out of Palais to a Palais in another dimension called Earth, when they were seven weeks old. Being gods they were perfectly okay, and founded civilizations in their own respective lands. 

Isis and Ra were pretty close and shared land, while Odin was a bit of a loner he retreated north to bask in his amazing mysteriousness.

After growing and nurturing the land ,Ra called Egypt, for seven centuries, Ra and Isis got this crazy idea to channel their father's powers in a different way, that would later be called magic. 

To pull off something like this they needed to travel to Palais. They had instinctual powers and their 'magic' was more a reaction to their circumstances. Feeling a need to go to Palais their instincts took over and teleported to their parents kingdom.

After five centuries Andromeda and Dane had explored the entirety of the universe, and began to experiment with things they found in far galaxies. A new type of power locked in a smoky crystal. In their defense they believed that they were the most powerful Beings in existence. They broke the crystal and unleashed the first and only Mimic, whose name was ironically Mimikku. Mimikku thickened from a thin smoke tendril to a cloud of smoke that enveloped the lab they were in. Mimikku copied their abilities to it's DNA and escaped through a vent, and the only thing that could be heard was a faint voice saying, "I got you now." in a very sinister tone. 

Andromeda was in tears, because she wasn't used to being defenseless to anything, while Grandpa Dane was in shock for precisely the same reason. That all happened two centuries prior to Ra and Isis arriving. 

Grandma and Grandpa were in the pool contemplating what they would do about Mimikku, when Isis and Ra popped in out of nowhere. When they asked for permission for magic Dane was only to glad to give Isis the power in hopes of her being able to stop Mimikku. Andromeda was a bit skeptical, fearing for her children's safety. Andromeda and Dane got out the pool and formed a circle with Ra and Isis. For a split second they all saw a vision of the future, showing them what had to be done to stop the Mimic. 

Dane willed an amulet made of a million black holes, opened it up and they all drained a significant portion of their power into it. The amulet was given to Isis and then named Ished. The deed was done and no one was happy. Isis and Ra traveled back to Egypt to teach their new magic.

Meanwhile, in the North Odin had travelled to different dimensions and universe to discover his own branch of magic. In his travels he met Mimikku, who seduced him to the dark side. That's to say Odin felt abandoned and Mimikku offered him a home.

Back in Egypt three centuries later, Isis had built an army of Beings, wielders of Magic. Ra meanwhile, created life on all the other continents and left them t their selves.

Ra was fascinated in how the humans could have such nice families, and really wanted one for himself.

Isis herself was having a similar situation, but she was more interested in the sexual aspect of the family relationship thing-y. She seduced her brother Ra and gave birth to a child they him named Dante Horus Bennu...

5,000 Years Later

"... good night Dante," my mom said, "your bedtime story is over." 

"Mom, don't you think it's funny how your name is Isis and you're from Egypt and my name is Dante?" I asked her.

"You have no idea." she said.