 Mortek, a half-orc warlock, stood staring at the wondrous sight in front of him. Mortek had the height of his orc-ancestors and dwarfed even the tallest humans at seven feet. Even though he had the height of the orcs, he had the tanned brown skin of his human ancestry. He had two small tusks that looked more like fangs in his massive jaw line. It was that very well defined jaw line that was the only real hint that there were some orcish features hiding behind his chiselled human face. He was wearing his deep crimson ritual robes covered in magical symbols which emanated the soft azure glow that was the hallmark of arcane power.

He was standing in the secret ritual chamber within his home deep in the Dark Forest, few knew of its location and even fewer knew the unnatural rituals he performed. The chamber was quite small, magical symbols decorated the walls and floor, all with different meanings and purposes. A small table with all manner of arcane implements on the edge of the room glowed with magic illuminating the room with a dull light.

However it was not the markings or the table that had Mortek's attention this evening. It was the unconscious female elf suspended in mid-air by a set of magical manacles of his own design. The manacles themselves, apart from being much stronger than their ordinary counterparts, did not require chains to hold them to the wall, they could also manipulated in any position he chose with the use of a simple hand gesture. There were five altogether, one for each wrist and ankle, and one for the waist. Their size magically adjusted to the victim and would remain secure and tight until he chose otherwise. At this time the pretty little elf was floating vertically with her arms straight in the air and legs together pointed toward the ground.

She was absolutely exquisite; thin but athletic frame, pale white flawless skin, flaming red hair framing the sides of her face. Her armour only barely covered the essentials while a light cloth like material covered the rest, leaving very little to the imagination. Elves were not normally his type, yet Mortek participated in all manner of unscrupulous activities and was not fazed by his attraction toward the helpless figure in front of him.

It was quite by chance that he had managed to capture this fine specimen of an elf. She was attempting to steal an artefact that he recently recovered on a quest, a powerful ring filled with dark energy with a multitude of powers that he could harness. The elf had done her research, she had managed to find out the location of his home and even how to get past the initial security measures he had put in place. She even knew the right arcane words to open his secret ritual room, however Mortek was a very paranoid warlock, much more than most of kind. He very recently added a new level of security which allowed the thief to get in and even take items in the room, however once anybody other than himself placed their hands over even just one object and attempted to cross the threshold of his home, a powerful knockback and stunning spell would immediately be cast upon them through the object thus bypassing any magical protection they may have used.

A thief entering his home was definitely not a common occurrence, in fact until today none of his magical security had ever been tested. But this elf was no ordinary thief, no, she was prepared for almost everything and almost got away... almost. At first he was just going to kill her and dispose of her body, but then it occurred to him that she might be useful for his next ritual. Before that he was going to have some fun, as payment for her trespass she was going to entertain him on a very unwholesome level.

After rechecking the magical locks, sound and scrying inhibiters, he cast a spell to wake his victim. The spell was originally designed for torture; it increased a victim's sensitivity causing them to feel pain and even pleasure more strongly. She suddenly woke, no doubt feeling the pain of the spell and the tight manacles around her wrists, ankles and waist. Her glowing green eyes blinked a few times trying to adjust and take in their environment.

"What? Where am I?" She asked groggily.

"Greetings little elf." Mortek said with a sneer.

"I did not get the opportunity to welcome you to my home before you rudely broke in and tried to take what was not yours." On the last word he leaned in close to her face, breathing in her scent. 

She gasped suddenly, realising what had happened and struggled to get free from the manacles. After a short while a sly yet bored looking smile appeared on her enticing face.

"Congratulations Warlock, that last little trick was not expected, now perhaps you could be as kind to let me go so I can shake the hand of someone so brilliant". She baited looking directly into his eyes as she spoke.

Mortek laughed deeply. This one was good, very good, and that cheeky smile only made her more attractive despite her being an elf. He shook his head and cast a spell which removed the cloth part of her attire leaving only her armour. He studied the intricate patterns and designs covering the golden coloured breastplate and wondered who she was to be able to afford such an expensive looking piece. She didn't seem fazed by the sudden loss of her clothing, or at least didn't show it.

"I have friends in high places. I would be more valuable to you alive and intact." She said emphasising the last word.

"If you have friends in high places then I doubt they would want it known that they are associated with a thief. Besides, I am not allied with any faction. I do not care for any ransoms or alliances." He explained. Her eyes narrowed at his response probably realising that she could simply not talk her way out of this.

"Well then you may as well kill me for I have nothing else to offer you." She said flatly.

"Oh no my dear, you have plenty to offer me, you just don't know it yet" He replied mischievously. With that last comment he cast another spell which bypassed her magical armour's protections and removed them from her body. She was now only wearing undergarments which could hardly contain her supple breasts and barely covered her nether regions. Although she tried to hide her reaction to being so exposed he could sense she was very uncomfortable with her situation.

"Perhaps I can work for you, I have many talents, especially for a warlock as brilliant as you." She offered.

Mortek didn't answer with words he merely smiled and proceeded to remove the top half of her underclothes slowly and without using any magic. She glared at him angrily but this only fuelled his desire to continue, the top half now lay on the ground and Mortek studied the two mounds of flesh in front of him. Two pink nipples at the end of each breast poked out at him, erect no doubt a result from the spell he had cast, they teased him, and taunted him. Her breathing increased in pace which made her breasts rise and fall in quick succession, he enjoyed the sight, memorising every detail. Her glare intensified and she opened her mouth to speak.

"You're pathetic, bet you can't get any women to have any fun with you so you have to take it out on helpless victims. I bet you're the ugliest whatever the hell you are in the whole area, I bet your cock is so small you need a gnome to get you off! I bet you-".

"Enough!"Mortek commanded and cast a spell to silence her. "The only sounds I want coming from your mouth are those of pleasure and pain."

Her eyes widened at his outburst, she tested her voice trying to form words but failing, the only thing she managed was a soft squeak of frustration. Her breathing shallowed slightly her eyes full of anger and hate. Her feisty insults did not faze him in the slightest, his passion for magic was stronger than any sexual desire; and besides, no woman had ever resisted his magic.

"Now where was I? Oh yes." He continued and lowered his mouth toward her right nipple, using his roughly textured tongue he lightly flicked the bud, which, most likely knowing how his torture spell worked sent a wave of pleasure through her body. She confirmed it by whimpering slightly. She tried to maintain her expression of disgust but he knew she would eventually break. Using his other hand he massaged her left breast whilst taking her right nipple completely in his mouth using tongue to tease and taunt.

The elf's willpower was breaking, her eyes fluttered as he continued his work relentlessly, small whimpers came more frequently and he smiled as he worked. Switching sides with hand and mouth he worked both breasts evenly, he also nipped her gently with his teeth periodically.

Satisfied with his work he released her breasts and slowly slid his tongue down her stomach toward her lower regions, her legs instinctively closed further in a futile attempt to halt his progress. He made a small gesture in the air with his hands and the magical ankle manacles forced her legs open and bent them at the knee, her legs were now spread open wide. Her athletic body was exposed to him save the small underclothing still blocking his way.

Without removing the clothing he sniffed her lower regions. Mortek's orc side gave him an enhanced sense of smell compared to a human, her musky scent confirmed her desire despite her mental unwillingness. He let out a short gruff of approval. Deciding to prolong her torture further he nuzzled her up and down with his mouth on the outside of her underclothes, feeling the moistness soaking the material. He looked up at her face whilst he worked; again her reaction was restrained but she couldn't hide the small amounts of pleasure in her body's reaction as she watched him. 

He placed the material between his teeth and then pulled back, violently ripping it from her. She gasped; her last line of defence gone in one swift movement. Mortek smiled again as he admired the view. In front of him was a beautiful flower, pink and moist, completely open for him, a small tuft of red hair above like an arrow pointing toward his goal. He moved his head closer to her breathing in deeply. Her scent was intoxicating causing his member to twitch within the confines of his breeches. He closed his eyes and focused, there would be time for him to satisfy his needs, but first he wanted to enjoy this moment.

Without waiting any longer he slid his tongue up her slit. She gasped at the feeling no doubt trying to comprehend the conflicting feelings of disgust and pleasure. He used his roughly textured tongue to the maximum effect; slowly and with strong pressure sliding up and down her slit over and over. Her soft whimpers were replaced by slightly louder moans and her hips involuntarily moved in time with his tongue. The sweet nectar of her flower flowed into his mouth encouraging him on. He quickened his pace and so did she, after several moments he stopped stroking her slit and, using the tip of his tongue, started flicking the sensitive nub at the very top. Using a combination of licking, sucking and circular movements he pushed her closer and closer to climax.

Her body was shaking with pleasure now and her hips were riding his face with avid enthusiasm. He slowed his pace keeping her right on the edge. Without her noticing he, summoned a small ritual crystal in his hand. It was no bigger than his finger and similarly shaped, smooth with a rounded tip it would be perfect for the task he had in mind. Continuing the work with his tongue he summoned a lubricating fluid normally for rituals and coated the crystal. Keeping her thoroughly distracted with his slow tongue strokes he then eased the crystal into her rear. He looked up for her reaction; her eyes were opened wide in shock. Her glowing green orbs looked down at him in surprise as he continued to slide the crystal further and further into her tight hole. He felt her body trying to resist so he commanded the manacles to spread her open further allowing him to place the crystal fully inside her in one smooth push. 

Her reaction was almost immediate, her eyes closed tightly shut and her head tilted back, without giving her any time to recover he increased the pace of his tongue on her nub and pushed her over the edge holding the crystal in place with a spell. She screamed out and her body shook violently as she climaxed hard for him, he slowed his strokes and licked up and down her slit as well as her clit drinking all the juices she was offering him. He continued licking until she was whimpering with the intense sensitivity, after one last suckle he moved back from her and stood up to face her. With a wave of the hand he removed the silencing spell on her.

"How was that, my little thief?" He asked, his face right in hers, his breath laced with her scent.

"You're... gonna... pay... for that!" She panted breathlessly, trying in vain to recover from climax.

"Really and how are you going to do that?" He taunted her.

"Well first I'm going to, ahh!" She cut herself off and threw her head back with eyes closed again. While he was talking he had removed his breeches and whilst she was mid-sentence he started to rub the tip of his very large penis up and down her already sensitive slit. He paid special attention to her clit. He didn't give her any time to recover from the shock and sped up his strokes, enjoying the slickness coating his tip. It took all of his concentration not to prematurely release but he managed hold back and after only a few short moments she was climaxing again.

On the last down stroke as she came he forced his hard member into her untouched insides. The feeling was sensational; she was soaking wet and he found a lot of resistance as he pushed into her, yet he continued his assault in and out slowly moving deeper and deeper. She screamed with pleasure in time with his strokes and her inner muscles clenched and loosened around his invading rod.

Mortek used the magical manacles and moved her horizontally to get a better angle inside her, using his hands on her hips for leverage. Without giving her any time to catch her breath he drove into her again and again, his tip assaulting her inner most sensitive spot without remorse. She was now half screaming and half grunting out in pleasure with each stroke, her hips moving with his.

Mortek could feel that he was close and stopped momentarily. He wanted to take her in one more position before he was done. Without removing his member he rotated her around him so that she was now facing away from him and he was behind her. He checked the position of the crystal in her rear and pushed it in further for good measure, before he continued he summoned another small ritual crystal. Mortek cast a spell and enchanted the crystal to vibrate then used magic to position it on her clit.

When the crystal touched her swollen clit she started panting heavily again, her moans became louder and more frequent and her muscles tightened around his member. He couldn't hold on any longer; with strong purposeful strokes he drove in and out of her as hard as he could. It was only a few strokes until they both climaxed, with her screaming out and him letting out loud grunts of pleasure. He felt his member pulse, filling her with wave after wave of his warm seed, her inner muscles massaging and sucking every last bit out. He continued to pump until he was completely spent and then pulled himself out of her and collapsed to the floor.

She was still suspended in mid-air, breathing hard with her eyes closed, undoubtedly trying to recover from their coupling. Mortek could already see his juices slowly leak out of her abused flower and grinned with satisfaction. She was definitely worth the effort. The physical act had left him tired, so he cast a sleep spell on her before securing the locks on the room and retiring to his chambers. He would most definitely be using this little elven thief again and he would make sure that she would enjoy it as much as she hated it.