 "Oo! Oo! Ah! Oh!"

Moans sounded as a static radio played 'Burnin' in the 'Third Degree.'

With her hands firmly against her man's muscular chest, ankles hooked over his thighs, Adrianna rode his cock on the large waterbed. She bounced in rhythm to the upbeat song. The water sloshed. The exotic beauty, Asian/Spanish descent, licked her full lips. Her golden-honey skin glimmered underneath the florescent bar lights on the wall—Cocktails & Dreams. Her crimped dark hair was in a side ponytail. She had a hot pink scrunchie, leg warmers, along with matching nails. Her small teardrop breasts jounced as she continued her rehearsed moans. "Yeah! Yeah! Donnie! Oh!"

Donnie glared up at her, concentrating. A bead of sweat rolled down his cheek.

"Come on, baby!" Adrianna combed her fingers through his black flattop, cradled his square jaw. Her ass dimpled with each thrust. 

Donnie sighed, rolled her over to her back. Their bodies rode the waves of the waterbed.

"Yeah! Is this what you want?" Adrianna groped his firm backside. She squeezed his limp cock, drove her hips up. She kicked her leg over his shoulder, placed her small square foot against his neck. "Suck my toes. I know you love that."

"I'm sorry." Donnie hung his head. He moved aside and sat on the edge of the bed. 

Adrianna huffed. She lay on her side, lightly scratched Donnie's back. "You're being too hard on yourself."

"I'm not being hard enough, that's the problem." Donnie lifted a silver platter of cocaine from the nightstand. With a pen-top, he dug up a bump and snorted it. "I couldn't protect you."

"We were outnumbered." Adrianna climbed to her knees, massaged his shoulders. "And so what, they got away with a few bit-cards. At least we're safe. At least we still have each other."

"I froze. I'm a coward." Donnie scrubbed his head while staring absently into the blue lava lamp. "I'm a coward," he repeated under his breath.

"You're just stressed," Adrianna said. "But that's why we're here. So we could relax. Get our minds off things."

"What's so relaxing about Mars?" Donnie grabbed his universal remote, turned the radio off. He pressed another button and a hologram of a newscast appeared from the floor. As the anchor rambled on, Donnie stood from the bed and made his way to the connecting kitchen. He grabbed a used cup from the stainless steel sink, washed it underneath the faucet. He filled it with water, dropped a black pill inside, and placed it into the microwave. A second later, it beeped. He took it out. The hot coffee steamed. He blew on it while saying, "I don't feel right about this."

"Don't think of him as my ex, just a childhood friend who wanted to send us on a trip." Adrianna sat off the side of the waterbed, snorted a line from the nightstand. 

"If you say so." Donnie rubbed the back of his neck. He felt a small notch. "I think something bit me last night."

"Oh, baby, is it swelling?" Adrianna asked.

Donnie sipped his coffee while walking to the nearest wall. He pressed a button on the remote again. This time it changed the surface into a beautiful beach: White sand and crystal blue water as far as the eye could see. "Why couldn't your boyfriend send us there?"

"Yoouuuu need to quit being jealous." Adrianna smirked. "I dated him, but it didn't take long to understand he and I were better friends. You're my man now." 

Donnie didn't reply.

"Oh my gah, really? The silent treatment?" Adrianna shook her head. "Dev found out we got robbed, and like a friend, offered us a trip. Is that so—"

Donnie raised a brow at her severed sentence. He turned to her.

Adrianna scurried to the waterbed's footboard, pointed to the hologram. "Turn it up."

(((The hologram cut to a picture of Adrianna's ex, Dev Eniprice, handcuffed and escorted inside the jailhouse. Paparazzi and reporters cluttered the area.)))

((("RetroGames CEO and founder, Dev Eniprice, was taken in to custody today for, what authorities are saying, is a threat to national security. In May of last year, the U.N. came to an agreement that Dev Eniprice's RetroGames—Role Playing Game thought to be therapeutic—used in conjunction with his Noc serum caused psychological damage. Authorities now believe Dev Eniprice colluded with Russians over his Noc serum for their military. In exchanged, they fund his RetroGames. The story is breaking as we speak, so we'll be constantly keeping you up to the minute as this unfolds.")))

Donnie's eyes distended. "Your ex has lost his goddamn mind."

"They're lying," Adrianna said. "The Noc serum enhances the Role Playing experience. It's healed PTSD, anxiety, depression..."

"You've tried it?—"

Three knocks pounded on the steel door. "Open up! This is the police! We know you're in there."

Adrianna perked up, slashed her arms, and lipped, "No."

Donnie paced, whispered with anxiety, "They know we're here." 

The knocks sounded again. "Open up!"

Adrianna's face tightened. She reached under the bed, retrieved an LG-3—a handgun that shoots a laser blast. She placed one under the sheets at her side while throwing the other to Donnie. 

"What the hell!" Donnie kept his voice low, gawked at the gun. "Where did you g—when did you—"

"When we got robbed, I took it upon myself to buy us protection," Adrianna said. "Stuff it behind your back. We'll only use if we need to."

"If we nee—" Donnie's voice cracked in fear. "They're the government. What the fuck are we gonna—"

The door swung open, banged against the wall. Several red skeletal androids stormed in, guns high. 

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's going on here?" Donnie surrendered his palms, but three androids tackled him to the ground. 

Adrianna rolled backward off the waterbed while grabbing the LG-3 from underneath the cover. She dipped behind the bed, gun clasped in her hands. 

"We got one," an android said, holding Donnie's LG-3 in the air. They immobilized Donnie on his stomach, hands behind his back. He wriggled underneath them. 

The red androids turned their attention to the bed. The watery mattress waved, rocked, but Adrianna was nowhere in sight. 

"Come out now!" another android warned. "Surrender or else."

"Adrianna, please—" Donnie stopped himself, realizing he was still naked. To the android over his shoulder, he asked, "Hey man, I'm hanging in the wind. Can I get some clothes—"

The android kicked him in the ribs. "Shut up!"

"Okay, okay. Chill, dude." Donnie turned his attention back to his hidden girlfriend.

"Adrianna, please... Let's just do what they say. Everything will be alright."

"Shut up!" The android aimed his gun to Donnie's temple. "Don't make me blow you away."

"Blow this!" Adrianna tossed a metallic acorn in the air at the red robots. She dove backward, aimed her gun, and shot. The laser discharge pierced the object causing it to explode. 

Androids were blown into the walls. They buzzed, clicked. A smoky haze filled the room. A fire alarm sounded.

Donnie was freed. He looked around as the androids squirmed on the floor. A painful growl turned his attention to across the room. Smoke danced in the air from brisk movement. Another groan sounded. Again the smoke swirled in that direction. Donnie scurried up against the wall.

An android shimmied to its feet, looked up. A barefoot broke through the cloud and planted against its face. The robot stumbled back and fell into another.

The smoke cleared around Adrianna as she stood nude in all her glory. An android attacked from behind. She dipped to the left, evading the punch. She snatched its arm over her shoulder, pulled it down. The elbow snapped, sparked, showing the inner wiring. Her breasts swayed, bounced with her quickness. Her dark nipples erect. Another punched from her right, but she grabbed the wrist, ducked under, and landed a high-kick which knocked its head off. The android shook, crashed to the floor. 

Donnie watched in astonishment as his girlfriend systematically took down each red robot. He was suddenly grabbed by the collar and thrown to the ground. The robot pinned Donnie to the floor, reared its fist back. As it released a punch, a leg—dressed in a pink leg warmer—appeared from nowhere, kicking the android underneath the chin. Its head popped out of socket, hanging only by the wiring. Donnie shoved it off, rolled to his stomach. He lifted his head, froze. There was a small foot, stubby toes, firmly against the carpet, inches from his face. His eyes went from her hot pink nail polish, over her leg warmer, up her tan thighs, to her bald mount and little tulip bud.

Adrianna stood over him. She cocked the LG-3 open, checked the energy power, before clamping it shut again. "Come with me if you want to live." 

Donnie took her hand and hurried to his feet. "What the fuck?"

"Listen..." Adrianna retrieved a LG-3 from the ground, checked it, then handed it to Donnie. "I'm going to need your head in the game if we're to survive."

"Survive?"

"Don't lose that again." Adrianna gestured to the weapon. "Now let's go."

"Please tell me you're not involved with your ex on th—"

"I'll explain everything, but right now, we gotta go." Adrianna grabbed his hand, started toward the door, but Donnie didn't budge.

"Shouldn't we get dressed?"

Adrianna tugged on his arm. "No time."

"I-I uh—" 

Adrianna shoved him against the wall, stood on her tiptoes, and interrupted him with a kiss. "Shhh! You're just gonna have to trust me. Now," she balled his collar, "We. Go!"

***

Adrianna led Donnie by the hand, her LG-3 in the other. She dipped low, scurried on her toes down the carpeted aisle.

The hallway had the same oval metallic shape of their room. Doors lined the walls. 

Adrianna came to a crossway. She checked right: The plush carpet was red along with the walls. She glanced to her left: blue abound. She continued forward to a janitor's closet. They hurried inside, closed the door behind them. 

The large stainless steel closet gleamed. A pantry was in the corner. Mops, brooms, and towels stowed against the far wall. The room smelled fresh, clean. 

"So, this was your grand plan," Donnie asked, "escape to a janitor's closet?"

"Well, yeah. Safe place to gather my thoughts." Adrianna caught her breath. "I think it's best to ge—"

"Down this way!" an android shouted. A thunder of footsteps passed outside the closet door. 

Adrianna raised her arm across Donnie's chest, flattened both of them against the wall. After a wave of androids trotted by, she relaxed, sighed in relief. Her hand glided down Donnie's stomach to his crotch. She gently squeezed.

"Adrianna, it's not the time."

"I don't know what it is," Adrianna stroked his dangling cock, "all this excitement is making me hot. Weird, huh?"

"Yeah, yeah," Donnie gasped. "Don't think its norm—Hey-hey, where, um, are you going?"

Adrianna knelt before him. Her tongue trailed down the indention between his abs. She gripped the base of his long limp cock, sat back on the wrinkled soles of her feet. She looked up innocently, saying, "Can I please suck it, pretty please?"

"Well, I mean—I just, um—who can say no to that, right?" Donnie laughed nervously. But as his manhood slipped between her soft wet lips, he bucked forward. "Oh!"

Adrianna worked her neck, bobbed on his flaccid cock. She scratched her hot pink nails down his thigh. She slurped, handled the tip while kissing down the shaft. She cupped his balls in her mouth, sucked. Yet, his cock remained a cooked noodle. 

Donnie fell forward, braced his hand against the door. As he did, he pushed it opened. They both tumbled out of the closet to the floor. His crotch buried in her face. 

Adrianna deep-throated him, gagged, before shoving him off. She hurried to her feet but froze. 

Three skeletal androids stood at the end of the metallic hallway, guns aimed at her.

"Donnie," Adrianna said, "we've got company."

Donnie's eyes were fixed on three androids at the opposite end. "Second that."

Adrianna glanced over her shoulder, then back to the androids at her end. "Follow my lead," Adrianna whispered while rising to her feet.

The red robots approached, weapons outstretched.

Within arms reach, Adrianna snatched the gun barrel with cat-like reflexes. The android pulled the trigger, but Adrianna shoved it to the left. The laser blasted the other robot. It collapsed back into the wall as sparks emitted from its burnt chest. 

Donnie didn't move. He remained submissively on his knees, hands in the air. One android stood over him while the other two helped with Adrianna.

Adrianna tore the android's gun away, kicked it in the chest. She fired two quick blasts, clearing her aisle. Before she could turn, she was kicked in the back of the knee. She collapsed forward, fumbled the LG-3. She crawled after it, but two androids pinned her belly-down to the carpet. "Donnie!"

Donnie felt the barrel of the android's gun upon his temple. He looked to the ground, mind churning and palms sweaty.

"Donn—" Adrianna tried to scream but one muffled her mouth. She wiggled underneath them, kicked her legs. But there was no use. 

With a glowing laser-like zip-tie, the androids bound Adrianna's wrists behind her back, tied her ankles together. Then, they proceeded to hogtie her. 

Donnie glanced up. His girlfriend's eyes pleaded for help. She appeared frightened, vulnerable. Before he could think, his actions took over. Donnie snatched the weapon over his shoulder, spun around to the android's back, and shoved its face into the wall. The android had a seizure, short-circuiting. Donnie rotated the LG-3 to the androids apprehending Adrianna. He fired, and the blast knocked one robot off its feet.

The final android shot back, clipping Donnie in the shoulder. 

Donnie flew to his back, skidded across the carpet. He didn't budge. A bright burn mark appeared on his shoulder.

The android carefully nudged Donnie's leg. No movement. It leaned down, poking Donnie in the chest. Nothing. The red robot eased closer. Donnie's cock twitched. The android cocked its head in confusion.

Donnie's eyes shot open. He moved the weapon away from his neck. The android fired, burning the carpet next to Donnie's head. Donnie thrust his legs in the air, trapping the android's head between his thighs. He rotated his hips, bringing the robot down. He locked the android's elbow between his legs, leaned back, and snapped the arm in two. The exposed wires smoked. 

Adrianna fought with her binds, but as Donnie stood to his feet, she stopped. Her eyes widened. 

Donnie stood underneath the overhead light. His muscles glistened in sweat. His cock began to rise with the beat of his heart.

"Oh, Donnie..." Adrianna said breathlessly, leering at his growth. She shook away the lewd images in her head. "Give me a hand—"

"Not so fast," a voice called out.

Donnie looked up as more androids cluttered the hallway. "Fuck..."

***

"Donnie! Donnie!"

"I'm here," Donnie said. "They have something over my—"

A cloak was pulled from Donnie's eyes. He blinked, shook his head, as his sight adjusted to the bright white room. Overhead lights gleamed off the walls and tile floor. Red skeletal androids surrounded the circular room, standing at attention. A few feet from Donnie, in the center of the room, Adrianna postured up on her knees. Florescent ropes snaked out from underneath the floor tiles, binding her wrists, ankles, neck. She still remained naked, in nothing but leg warmers and a scrunchie. 

"You bastards!" Donnie started toward her but found himself in the same predicament. He tugged at his glowing restraints. They reacted by tightening out the slack. His muscles twitched, long limp cock flinched. 

Despite her current entanglement, Adrianna leered at her boyfriend, gnawed at her lip. 

"Adrianna, tell them, we have nothing to do with—" Donnie did a double take to Adrianna. He cut his words short upon seeing her arousal. 

An android approached with a golden diamond on its chest, a badge of authority. Goldie had a black rubber flogger in hand. "We need that Noc serum."

"Do you think we're fuckin' hiding anything?" Donnie gestured to his bare body. 

"There're pockets." Goldie slapped its hand with the flogger, testing the snap.

"Excuse me?" Donnie heightened a brow. "Ain't no goddamn pocket on me, brah. Nor her. Pocketless."

"We'll see," Goldie said.

As Goldie walked around Adrianna, the slack in her ropes tightened, jerking her to her hands and knees. "Ummmm..." Adrianna finally started to show a little concern. "What's goin' on here?"

"Where is the Noc serum?" Goldie asked.

"Fuck you!" Adrianna said. As the words escaped her lips, Goldie flogged her. The rubber lashes stung her backside. She jolted forward from the pop before sending an evil eye over her shoulder. "Hey, dick! Ease up!" 

Donnie tugged at the ropes, growled. His cock hardened to a semi. 

"Are you going to deny meeting up with Dev Eniprice in the days leading up to his arrest?" Goldie flattened his palm in the air. A hologram popped up from the center of his hand: 

(((Dev and Adrianna shared a dinner at an outdoor café.)))

Donnie arched a brow. "What am I seeing here, Adrianna?"

"It's true, it's true. Ah!" Adrianna whined as Goldie swatted her ass again. "I met with him, but... it was concerning you."

"Me?"

"You haven't been the same since we were robbed. Dev, uh, well, Dev said he could help you." Adrianna locked onto Donnie's cock. 

"With the serum?" Donnie remembered the 'bug' bite on the back of his neck. "You pricked me when I was asleep..." he said softly under his breath. 

Adrianna kept her silence but clenched her teeth, preparing herself for another strike. The rubber tips bit her skin. She lurched forward again, groaned. Her ass turned rosy red. "I did it for you. I swear it, baby."

Donnie struggled with his ropes. They tightened, pulled him to the ground. He placed his palms against the floor in a push-up position.

Adrianna licked her lips. Her grunts, groans, turned into moans. Goldie swatted the soles of her feet. She wiggled her toes, flexed them. Her eyes stayed on Donnie. He popped her one final time, and she let out an "Ahhhh!" She swallowed hard as Goldie walked away.

Donnie paused, looked up. 

Goldie handed the lash to a nearby android. The leader spun back around, pressed a button on its hip. The crotch opened and a smooth rubber cock protruded from inside.

"Ummm Donnie?" Adrianna tugged against her ropes until they flattened her completely. Her breasts squished against the cold tile floor.

"Hey! What the—" Donnie stammered. "What the hell is that for?"

"When inserted into the human species—orally, vaginally, or rectally—this device can detect a foreign agent," Goldie said. 

"Rectally?" Donnie gulped.

Goldie hit a switch. The giant rubber cock vibrated and flailed around like a fish out of water. 

"Fuck no!" Donnie wrestled with the ropes.

"Donnie!" Adrianna fought with her binds as well.

"I'm trying. I'm trying." Donnie planted his hands against the tile floor, pushed-up against the restraints with his entire mite. 

Adrianna squirmed. There wasn't much she could do. She looked to Goldie as he rounded behind her. She glared back to Donnie. "Donnie, for the love of Mars, break them goddamn chains."

Donnie pushed against the tug. He snarled, muscles tensed.

"Donnie!" Adrianna looked over her shoulder again. The vibrating cock neared her inner thigh. She wriggled, kicked. "Donnie!"

Donnie yelled. The ropes clinked, sparked. He pushed further. He strained, trembled. Veins appeared in his neck as he extended his arms, snapping the arm restraints in two. 

The giant rubber cock stopped, retracted back into Goldie's crotch. The android leader pointed his finger. "Get him! The serum is in his blood."

Adrianna exhaled a relieved breath. 
