 Hey, I'd like to thank everyone who read my original post, which I posted some time ago. I have since taken it down to rewrite it as I wasn't happy with where it was going. Some of the major changes are the move away from the use of the 1st person, as some plot changes I have made and I have also lengthened chapter one, so we now actually have some sex in it. I hope everyone who enjoyed it last time around will reread this revised version and I look forward to hearing all comments. But please make them constructive: D

Thanks again and happy reading.

CobraKnight

_____________________________________



Chapter 1:

It was about 2am and Eric was just getting home from the bar where he worked part time. The bar owner was an old friend of his dads and had given Eric the job to help him out when his dad died. After the death of Eric's father his mom had slipped into herself becoming depressed. Chances are she wouldn't have even stayed in her job as an A&E nurse at the hospital if it hadn't been for the fact that she had two kids to put through school and college. The job at the bar helped Eric out with any extra expenses he had out side of college.

Eric's younger sister Sandra was in her last year of school and was quite the looker just like her mother. Both Sandra and Laura, Eric and Sandra's mother were beautiful, they could have passed for twins if not for the age difference and the fact that Laura's breasts were a little larger than her daughters gorgeous CCs. Both women had blond hair that framed their oval faces perfectly and fell down over their shoulders when loose, drawing the eye down to the swell of their breasts. Once the breasts have been taken in you can't help but allow your eyes to fall further taking in their slim waists and lovely heart shaped asses. Granted that Sandra's body was slightly more toned than her mothers but that was to be expected when Laura had 23 years on her 17yr old daughter.

Hanging his coat on the bottom of the stairs he slowly went up towards his bedroom taking care not to make to much noise. It was hard to do considering the couple of drinks he had had with the lads after work, to celebrate his 19th. His sister gave him a hard time whenever she caught him drinking he smiled wondering how long that would last after her birthday next month. Both siblings were born almost exactly 13months apart with their birthdays falling 3 weeks apart, the taught of all Sandra's hot friends who would be at the party caused another grin to spread across Eric's face. Reaching his room Eric felt slightly buzzed but it was more than the few drinks he had had earlier been getting these flashes of energy now for nearly a year and they seemed to become more frequent after his fathers death 6months ago. Usually he would use the energy to a get a bit of college work done but he was too tired and had a few too many drinks to do anything worthwhile. Kicking off his shoes he collapsed on to his bed. 

Sitting bolt upright in the bed Eric looked round his room there was something different but he couldn't figure out what it was. Looking round the room he saw everything was as it had been last night but the strange feeling was still there. Closing his eyes he turned his attention inward doing a mental scan of his body he felt the source of his strange feeling. As soon as he touched the portion of his mind were the sensation was coming from there was an explosion of pain starting in his head and travelled through his body it became so intense that he blacked out. 

The next thing Eric realized he was floating amid a sea of bright energy, although it was as if a storm was surrounding him he was completely unfazed by the currents of energy roiling around him. This seemed strange to Eric because it all looked so powerful he couldn't understand how he could withstand its force. Taking another look around this strange environment he realized there were no landmarks, the currents of energy seemed to be flowing randomly in all directions. Continuing his inspection he realized his initial assessment had been wrong there did seem to be one landmark. It was what looked like a whirlpool where the currents of energy that came close seemed to get sucked in being drawn towards the centre in a lazy swirl. Eric could feel something familiar on the far side of the hole.

"You are right Eric your body lies on the far side of that rip" Eric jumped hearing the familiar voice of his father.

"I...I taught you were dead?" 

"I am, well at least my body is, I was able to escape my body before I was killed"

"Wait! You were killed? We taught you died in the car accident"

"No I was murdered by a group of people with magic id never seen before it was as if they weren't fully human, you will need to be prepared to defend your self and our family, I tried and failed, I new someone was after me for awhile I even put a block on the development of your powers in order to protect you from them finding you as well. It seems that has worn off now since I'm no longer around to maintain it"

"Why were they after you in the in the first place?"

"I'm still not sure about that, although I did hear some mention something about a mage being better than what they were used to, I had a few tricks but I could never measure up to some of the bigger players in the supernatural community, so I wasn't able to hold them off for long, they seemed to be able to absorb some of my power any way making it even less effective; you it seems are a different story" he said indicating the whirlpool which was now clearly visible and was sucking in energy a lot faster than before. 

"I can't hold you here any longer my strength is slipping. One more thing before you go Mickey has some documents and equipment of a magical nature belonging to me stored in the cellar at the bar, which will help u get started with your training, ask your mam for my ring you will need it to retrieve the documents" stepping forward he embraced his son and disappeared. 

Eric began to feel the currents of magic tugging at his consciousness he could feel them trying to pull him apart. Focusing on the centre of the hole he willed himself through it as fast as he could, worried solely with returning to the physical world. So focused was he that he missed the beings which floated in the ether watching him intently, most of which would have destroyed him given half a chance. Only one wished him well and it was having trouble even with its lofty powers keeping the rest back. Waking up in his own body Eric was once again racked with the pain of the raw energy coursing through his body. Feeling for the source of the influx of power he tried to stem the flow but his attempts were having little effect. Gritting his teeth against the pain he tried desperately to come up with someway to gain relief. Coming up with a plan, he began to form an image of a dam in his mind then began to apply it to the tear between his mind and the ether. With the mental dam in place the flow of energy was cut considerably shutting the floodgates aloud for it to be stopped completely. Turning his attention to the magic still flowing uncontrolled through his body he began to guide it towards his mind were he secured it by imagining a sphere to contain it in. As the orb began to fill, it started to give off a blue glow, in his minds eye it became brighter and brighter as it was filled with more and more energy. Eric sighed with relief as his body returned to normal. Taking stock he realized that his body although no longer racked with pain was aching all over, he also had a monster headache.

Deciding he needed an aspirin or four he threw on a bathrobe and headed for the kitchen. Flicking the switch on the kettle he made himself a strong coffee before swallowing two aspirin tablets. With his head beginning to feel normal again Eric decided to grab a shower to relieve some of the pain in his body. Standing under the hot jets of water Eric began to go over his morning so far. Deciding he would need to wait until his mam got up to ask her about the ring, he thought giving his magic ago might kill some time.

Drying himself off he headed back to his room. Once dressed he sat on his bed, with his elbows on his knees and his head supported in his hands, he tried to decide what to try with his powers, it was then he noticed the beam of light from the sun shining through the gap in his curtains. Taking inspiration from this he held out his hand willing a ball of light form, he almost laughed when nothing happened but he refused to believe it had all been some strange dream. Looking into his mind he found the orb of glowing blue energy were he had locked it away, slowly he eased a strand free guiding it down his arm and pooling it into his palm were he moulded it into the shape he wanted, he felt a strange tingling sensation along the path he sent the magic. He let out a laugh of triumph as the magic created a softly glowing sphere of white light just above his outstretched hand.

Getting excited now he began to pump more energy into the ball, watching as the light grew in intensity. Eric became so overwhelmed with excitement at this point that he lost control of the power and the mental blocks he placed around the stored energy broke apart, energy flooded down his arm causing the ball of light to explode out in all directions knocking Eric back on to the bed. Pain racked Eric's body, as the raw magic was once again aloud free-reign around his body. Gritting his teeth he set about rounding up the magic again. 

Once he had everything back under control he sat up in the bed and looked around his room, it looked like someone had set off a concussion grenade on his bed, everything had been blasted out from around his bed until it was stopped by the walls, it was obvious that the blast had contained more than just light energy there had been some kinetic energy as well. Eric was still surveying the damage when there was a knock at his door which in the state he was in rang through his head like some one beating a drum in his ear, with out waiting for an answer his sister stuck her head around the door, 

"What the hell is going on in..." she trailed off as she witnessed the carnage that had been done to the room " Mam is going to kill you when she sees this, you do realize that? What have you been doing anyway?"

"None of your business, now get out!!" before Eric was even finished the last syllable a tendril of blue energy shot out from the middle of his forehead and hit Sandra in the same spot. There was a brief moment were it looked like she would argue and then she just turned around and shut the door leaving Eric alone once again. He couldn't believe what had happened, had he actually controlled his sister's mind? He found the idea utterly appealing; this ability could make life so much easier. He couldn't wait to find out what else he could do with his newfound gift.

Looking at his watch Eric decided that going in to town to grab a bite to eat might help clear his headache a bit plus meeting up with Dan who had been his best mate since they were in primary school would help him take his mind off the fact that nearly all his belongings were trashed. Heading downstairs he grabbed his coat from the bottom of the banister and was about to grab the car keys and head into town when he remembered how his mother hated him taking the car with out her permission.

"I really have to get my own car," he taught to himself. 

Heading back upstairs he head for his mam's room to ask permission to use the family car. Opening her door he realized she was still asleep, he was about to leave her and grab the bus when he remembered what had happened with his sister, closing his eyes he gathered some power together and pushed it out towards his mother he watched as a tendril of magic snaked out of his head and shot across the room to his mam's only this time it didn't break contact with his own forehead. As soon as the tendril hit his mother he became aware of her mind, he couldn't read her thoughts though he did get a general idea of her mood. 

Coming up with another idea he began to push forward with his own consciousness along the tendril of power connecting them. Once he felt a slight resistance as his mind met her natural barriers but with a slight push was able to break through. He felt a slight compression as his mind entered her body as if some one was pressing on his temples and then he was in. Her mind was very ordered it looked to Eric like a massive 3D web were each thread was a taught or impulse and the junctions between them were memories and other stored information. There was a portion of her mind near the surface that was very active Eric guessed this was most likely the dream she was currently having.

Choosing not to intrude any further than he had to Eric went looking for the place he would need to make the change in order to be able to use the car whenever he wanted, he gave up fairly soon realizing that it was like looking for a needle in a hey stack. Then it hit him he started to broadcast general thoughts about himself and the car and watched as they were picked up by the web and passed along it. Following the taught process Eric finally found the source of her need for him to tell her when he took the car, part of it was the fact that she needed to no the car was free when she needed it but the biggest reason for her reluctance was the fact that she still taught of him as a child and was trying to protect him, she taught that by knowing when he had the car and where he had it gave her some control over his safety. This annoyed the portion of him that taught of himself as an adult but the portion of him that still saw himself as his mothers son was touched she cared so much.

It didn't take much to smooth over her fears about his use of the car, although he left the other reason intact only adding that if he had it and she needed it to just give him a call, his phone was always on. With a job well done he headed out to the car stopping at his sisters door to see if she wanted a lift into town to meet her mates. He thought it might smooth things over with her after how he had reacted earlier. Saying she did, he went on out to the car and got it started. It took her about ten minutes to get ready which Eric spent running over what he was going to tell Dan or even if he should say anything at all. He was still undecided when Sandra finally knocked on the car window for Eric to open the door.

The drive into town only took Eric about 5 minutes. He was lucky in that they didn't see a single red light. Sandra was on her phone texting her friends the whole way in, which gave Eric a chance to think about what to tell Dan, he had to tell someone and Dan had been his best mate for years. Eric was still undecided about how to approach the subject by the time they parked the car outside the local shopping centre. 

"Are you heading off to meet your friends now" Eric asked as they walk through the sliding doors. 

"They aren't here yet, I was just going to go check out a few shops to kill some time" Sandra replied 

"Well I'm going up to meet Dan for some food if you want to join us to wait?"

"Sure, beats hanging round on my own until the girls arrive" Sandra replied.

As soon as they reached the food court Sandra headed straight for the toilet so Dan missed her when he looked up from the deli were he worked part time. Saying something to his supervisor he threw two sandwiches together. Sandra was just coming back from the loo when Dan reached the table with our food.

"Sorry I didn't see you come in with Eric, did you want something to eat?" asked Dan slightly embarrassed at not getting her anything.

"No it is alright I'm going to grab some food with John later" Eric noticed Dan winch on hearing this; he knew Dan had the hots for his little sister. Eric had warned him away saying she was to young for him, Dan had almost two years on Eric he had been held back at school because of some medical problem he had had although Eric didn't know what it was as Dan never talked about it. Eric was glad Sandra had a boy friend round her own age even if he wasn't very found of him. It meant Dan wouldn't make a play for her after her birthday; once she turned 18 all Eric's arguments against Dan dating his sister would be pointless. Eric couldn't really understand his problem with Dan dating his sister as Dan was usually very good to the girls he dated, Eric just found the taught of his best mate dating his sister a bit weird.

As the two lads sat eating their lunch and talking about college and life in general Sandra said very little instead choosing to spend most of her time glued to her phone. It was Eric who first noticed the girls walk into the food court, waving them over he pointed them out to his sister who got up and saying good by to us she joined them. They all sat down a few tables away from Eric and Dan, they made quite a good-looking group, all four girls were beautiful, although Mei seemed to be absent today Eric noticed with disappointment. Eric and his mates and nicknames for them all, Sandra who was the youngest in the group was just Eric's little sis unless the lads were trying to take the piss out of him and then they came up with some inventive ways to describe her which always got Eric wound up.

Then there were the twins or T1 and T2 as the lads called them, they were identical although they hated people referring to them as a single item so they tended to make and effort to heighten their individuality. Both girls were tall, around 5'9" and were slim but not skinny with decent sized breasts that suited their frame perfectly and gorgeous heart shaped asses. Ashling had died red hair that fell passed her shoulders but was obviously from a bottle, although it framed her statuesque figure quite well, were as Tara had shorter blond hair that made her look cuter than her sister but just as stunning. The pair were known to be the bitches of the group and could be very intimidating to any outsiders.

Finally there was Mei, who was of mixed Irish and Japanese's decent her Father had met her mother on a trip to Japan to learn martial arts when he was younger and they had returned to Ireland and settled down. She was a complete contrast to the twins being small no more than 5'1" and had pale skin with a slight olive tinge to it, her hair was a shiny jet black that came down to the middle of her back which accentuated her petite but curvy figure. Mei was the shy one in the group and it seemed like she just went along with what ever the other girls decided. Eric spotted Dan watching the twins, he knew that either one of them would be Dan's second choice out of the group were as Eric was more drawn to Mei's exotic beauty. 

"Hey what use was having a good looking sister if you couldn't perv over her friends" Eric taught to himself. 

"Wouldn't it be cool if we could make them do what ever we wanted" Eric said to Dan in a conspiratorial tone indicating the twins. 

"What do you have planned?" Asked Dan. 

"What do you mean?" Asked Eric in as innocent a voice as he could muster, although his grin kind of gave him away. 

"I know that look by now, it always means you have some trouble brewing in that crazy head of yours"

"Well I have recently come in to some info that might help us get a shot at the girls. If your interested?" replied Eric with another grin plastered on his face. 

"You mean you have some dirt on the ice queens" asked Dan, referring to the twins. 

"Not exactly, I woke this morning and found out a lot about myself, it turns out that magic is real and I have the ability to use it, and part of the power is the ability to access other peoples minds" Eric motored through this and sat waiting for Dan's response. 

"Ha, good one you had me going for a second" Dan finally responded after what seemed like five minutes of silence. 
