 At the age of 19 Erin McCoy wanted to be just a normal college sophomore. Her only problem was the attention her enormous breasts attracted. Erin wore a 38J-cup bra. Her parents thought it was very unusual for a girl her age to have such huge breasts. Erin hit puberty at the ripe young age of 12 and at the time was wearing a C cup bra. Throughout the rest of her teenage years, her breasts continued to grow fast - D's, DD's, E's, F's, G's, and so on. She didn't think her boobs would ever stop growing until they reached the remarkable size of a J cup.

Erin's doctor told her that there were a lot of women like her in the world. Most of them hide in their homes not wanting to bring attention to themselves. Then he brought up the many busty models in Europe that have tits her size and use them to their advantage. Erin didn't want to be either one of those groups. She just wanted to live a normal teenage life without having to be ashamed of her enormous assets.

What made Erin's body even sexier to a lot of horny men was the fact that she carried her oversized jugs on a medium size frame. Erin only weighted 138 pounds and stood at 5'6. As a result her enormous tits would rest in her lap while sitting and bulge out over her arms when sleeping braless.

Erin's dreams of playing softball had to come to an end by the time her tits were double D's. She had too much bounce while running the bases or playing in the outfield. Her tits would attract a lot of perverts to the games, so they had to release her.

Erin spends more of her time now reading, writing, and rejecting guys who only want to hook up with her for a piece of ass. Erin was a bookworm type of girl so her personality would drive men away from her, but her gigantic melons would draw them near.

One sunny Saturday afternoon, Erin decided to go to the library and study for her history test. She didn't have many friends since guys were only interested in her chest and girls thought she was a total freak for having boobs so big. The library and books were her closest friends.

When Erin arrived at the library, it was empty and very quiet except for the librarian stamping books.

"Hello, Miss Blackstone," said Erin talking to the Librarian.

"Hello, my dear. I see you're ready to hit the books again?" replied Miss Blackstone as she gazed upon Erin's monstrous orbs as they bobbed inside her sweater. Not even the bulky sweater could hide their massive shapes.

Not even Miss Blackstone could keep her eyes off of Erin's chest, and she's not even attracted to women.

"Yes, ma'am," Erin said with a smile.

"Will, Erin, sometimes I think you should be out and having fun with other kids your age. Don't waste your life stuck in a library, reading books for the rest of your life or you'll end up like....me?" Miss Blackstone said, giving Erin a creepy grin. "Oh by the way, Erin, your book finally arrived today. I didn't get a chance to look at it first so you'll be the first one to read it."

Miss Blackstone handed Erin a thick and dusty old book called "Fairy Tales."

"Thanks, Miss Blackstone."

"You're welcome, my dear."

Erin went straight for the farthest table and started doing a little bit of studying. Her mind couldn't focus right because she wanted to read the book so bad. Erin decided to stop studying and get one good chapter in on the book.

As she started to open the book, the book flung open and the pages were flipping back and forth.

"What the fuck?" questioned Erin with a puzzled look on her face.

Heavy winds and flashes of light started to occur, and Erin had no idea what was going on. She started to feel herself being sucked into the book.

"Uuuggghhh!" yelled Erin.

Unfortunately Miss Blackstone decided to take a lunch break and no one else happened to be in the library. 

A few seconds had passed and the book closed with Erin inside.

Erin meanwhile woke up in a misty forest.

"What? Where am I?" Erin asked herself.

Erin got up and started to feel herself to see if she had broken anything. For once she was glad to have enormous tits that broke most of her fall. Erin looked down at her clothes and realized that her shorts, sweater, and shoes were missing. Her white tee was tore up and clinging onto her body by a string. Her enormous white bra was working hard to keep her enormous breasts from spilling out as pieces of her bra could be seen from the ripped shirt.

"Oh great! This really sucks. I have no idea where I am and don't know how to get back to where I belong," Erin said to herself.

Erin started walking around the mysterious misty forest. Dead trees and animals making weird noises surrounded her.

"Damn, this is scary," said Erin with a small frightened look on her face.

As she made her way further into the forest, she saw a small cave and a fire burning at the top of a hill.

"Someone actually lives here?" Erin questioned herself.

She started running up the hill and folded her arms across her humongous tits, trying not to get hit in the face or have them popping out of her bra. 

"Damn these things are bouncy today," said Erin clutching her gigantic bouncing rack against her chest.

Erin finally makes it to the top of the hill and entered the cave.

"Hello?" Erin called out.

Erin moved further into the cave. She saw nothing and decided to stay close to the fire and warm up a bit while still trying to figure out how to get back home.

Suddenly, Erin heard some footsteps coming near the cave. She didn't bother to hide since this could be her only way home, or she'll at least know some people around this strange land.

"Hi," Erin immediately blurted out as four cavemen looking guys came up to the cave.

They had long, dirty, and saggy hair, monkey like faces, and wore fur tops. Everything below their waist was bare. Erin's eyes bugged out as she glanced down at their enormous filthy cocks, bobbing and flopping between their legs with grapefruit-sized balls attached underneath.

"Holy shit! You people must be the elephant people," Erin said in disbelief. "Look at the size of those things. They all must be around 13 inches."

The cavemen just looked at Erin and their eyes were immediately drawn to her gigantic melons jutting out in front of her, of course, hidden by her white bra. 

"I'm Erin," Erin said trying to communicate with these strange men.

The cavemen walked further and further into the cave until they were surrounding Erin on all sides. One of the cavemen even extended his hand and poked the flesh spilling over her bra.

"HEY! That tickles. I'm very sensitive," Erin said in an angry voice.

The other cavemen started poking at Erin's giant fleshbags as well.

"Hmmm. That tickles, you guys," Erin said as a tingly sensation ran through her body.

The cavemen got closer to her and started sniffing her. Two of them took a handful of her hair and started sniffing. The one behind her kneeled down on his knees and started sniffing at her buttocks bulging from her cotton panties. The one in front continued to move his eyes up and down Erin's huge rack. His dick started to get hard. The caveman didn't know why his huge cock was throbbing, but he liked it.

"Oh my!" said a surprised Erin as she looked down and saw the caveman's giant cock pulsing.

"He must be horny," Erin said to herself. "God, he's so fucking huge just like the rest of them. I can't imagine being stuffed by four huge cocks."

Suddenly, the caveman on the left yanked down Erin's ripped shirt, revealing her massive bra completely. Erin stood before them only in her bra, panties, and socks.

"Oh my goodness!" Erin said trying to cover herself up. She realized that one arm alone wasn't going to cover her massive jugs.

The caveman behind her brushed his huge cock against her ass cheek.

"Mmmm, don't do that," moaned Erin. "I have never been fucked before, and I want to keep it that way until I get married."

The other three cavemen started poking at Erin's flesh bulging out of her bra.

"They're called breasts or in pervert language tits, titties, jugs, boobs, hooters, melons, or knockers. Anything that resembles a circle is pretty much a name you can label breasts with. In my case, these are considered basketballs or volleyballs. They bounce just as good, see..."

And with that, Erin started hoping up and down, bouncing her mammoth orbs completely out of their cotton bra cups. Her breasts flapped and bounced around her chest. The cavemen's cocks immediately started throbbing like never before.

"Oops! See, I did a little bit too much bouncing," said Erin as her face turned red.

She cupped her gigantic balloons and held them up for the cavemen to see. Her nipples instantly got hard from staring at their huge cocks.

"And these things on the end of my breasts are called nipples. They're very sensitive. Most creatures like me with nipples will get immediately turned on when someone touches them in anyway. Like so..."

Erin started rubbing her small hard nipples between her fingers. She gave them a few pinches and became soaked in her panties.

"Oh God!" said Erin. "See. I'm very soaked down beneath."

The cavemen started looking at her drenching pussy inside her panties. A huge wet spot was on the front. The caveman in front got down and started poking her cunt.

"Ohhh! Don't do that, Mr. Caveman. That'll really get me turned on," Erin explained as she continued to fondle her nipples. "But do you know what really gets me going? Having my tits sucked. Now only a few boys have ever gotten the chance to place their mouths on my babies. I myself have tasted them plenty of times."

Erin used both hands to lift up her gigantic right breast and shoved the nipple into her mouth. She started sucking on her nipple like a baby trying to get milk. Her tongue flicked back and forth at the bud encased between her lips. The cavemen watched with their cocks fully erect. The caveman to her left took Erin's left nipple between his lips.

"Mmmmmm!" moaned Erin with a mouthful of her own right tit. "My tits are so soft and firm for their heavy size."

The caveman squeezed and stuffed most of her giant orb between his large lips. The caveman behind her started licking her left armpit, tasting her female deodorant as it started to wear off with her heavy duty sweating.

Erin pulled and sucked hard on her huge right tit trying to ease her pleasure of the caveman sucking her other nipple. 

The caveman in front started licking Erin's left tit, joining the one from the side at sucking her enormous tit.

"Oh fuck!" cried Erin as she released her right tit. "There's enough tit to go around. Trust me. I don't wear a 38J cup for nothing."

The caveman on her right cupped her ample right tit and shoved it between his lips, trying to swallow her tit whole. Erin held his head and pressed his face deep into her tit flesh. The other two cavemen were sucking and licking her huge left breast at the same time. The caveman from behind had just about enough of Erin's smelly armpit. He moved to where the right caveman was and started helping him suck on that tit.

"Uuuugghhhh!" cried Erin as four sets of heads feasted on her titanic melons.

Eight pairs of hands, squeezed, mauled, and kneaded her tender tit flesh while four mouths sucked, licked, chewed, and just completely devoured her hard nipples.

"I'm cummmmming!" shouted Erin.

Erin's cum run down her thighs and legs. The cavemen's gigantic cocks were poking against her legs and thighs, feeling some of her juices flowing down. Erin stuck both of her hands inside her panties, rubbing at her pussy walls. Her arms had ballooned out her oversize monsters so they could get more inside their mouths.

"AGGGGHHHHH! I need one of your cocks right now," Erin cried.

Erin slowly positions herself onto the ground as she quickly tore off her panties and took hold of the nearest huge, nasty cock poking her. She slowly eased it between her virgin pussy lips. The cavemen continued their slobbery feast and had Erin's enormous jugs soaked in their saliva and covered with red spots from them sucking too hard. Her tender nipples were red with teeth marks on them.

Erin thrusted herself up and down on the caveman's cock.

"OH FUCKING GOD!" Erin cried as the giant cock was splitting her pussy walls apart.

The cavemen stopped sucking her tender mountains all together and watched as Erin thrusted herself on to one of them.

"I need names for you guys. It's going to be too confusing," Erin said between heavy breaths. "Your name will be Ron," Erin said to the caveman who licked her armpit. "Yours will be Fred," Erin told the caveman who first sucked her tit. "Yours is Justus," Erin referred it to the caveman whose cock she was on. "And yours will be Andy," Erin named the last caveman.

Erin started thrusting faster and harder on Justus's huge cock.

"Grab my hips and start pushing forward," Erin urged Justus.

The caveman known as Justus took hold of Erin's hips and started pushing forward like she told him too.

"UUUUGGGHHH YEESSSS! Just like that!" Erin cried out as his monstrous cock plunged balls deep into her soaked cunt.

Erin's thighs were quivering hard, and she started to buck wildly on Justus's cock. His huge cock was thrusting deep within her. She could feel her cherry popping and her cunt being spread apart by this monster cock.

"FUCK ME, JUSTUS! FUCK ME!" begged Erin as his cock continued to pump in and out of her tight snatch.

The caveman himself, Justus, started to buck faster and sweat harder, drilling his massive tool through a warm and moist spot which he had probably never done before. The other cavemen watched while holding their hard cocks in their hands.

Erin's pendulous titties were flopping wildly on her chest, smacking into one another and banging against her chin.

"Hold my fucking tits before they knock me out," Erin cried to Justus.

Justus pawed her massive jiggling jugs with his large hands, holding as much as possible. He started making monkey noises while speeding up his thrusting. His giant balls bounced against Erin's ass as they started to tighten up.

Erin's body was moving around like a rag doll being tossed in the wind. Her head rolled from side to side. Justus's hands could hardly hold her colossal bouncing titties alone. Erin felt her cherry explode and blood started to stain Justus's drilling meat.

"I'm cumming!" Erin screamed softy as Justus started pounding her pussy like a jackhammer. He could feel her cum flowing down his cock and balls as he shoved them up her tight cunt. 

Erin took hold of Fred's enormous cock and started sucking on his ballooned cockhead while Justus continued to ram deeper and deeper into her cum-gushing pussy. Erin's inner muscles tightened around Justus's thrusting cock as he was ready to explode.

Without warning, Justus started emptying his huge balls within Erin's sore cunt. Erin was stroking and sucking on Fred's cock and felt Justus's creamy milk get unloaded into her body.

"Your turn, Ron," Erin said trying to catch her breath before resuming sucking Fred's filthy cock.

Justus pulled out from between her legs after his cock went limp. It glistened in both their juices. Erin lifted her legs into the air, holding the back of her calves. Justus's cum was creaming out of her cunt as Ron shoved his cock in with one thrust.

"OOHHHH!" cried Erin with her mouth of Fred's cock. "I want you other two to suck my tits."

Andy and Justus each took one of Erin's massive watermelons in their hands and started to suck on them. Ron started thrusting his huge and nasty cock inside Erin's sore cunt. Fred's cock was invading Erin's throat as she had half of it deep down. She reached out and took hold of Andy and Justus's cocks. She started stroking them while their lips and mouths violated her chest. Ron held Erin's legs up high and spread while drilling her already cum-filled snatch. All the cavemen started making the loud monkey noises.

"EEEEEEK! EEEEEK!"

Fred straddled Erin's face and his gigantic hairy balls dropped into her mouth. Erin sucked on them both and swirled her tongue around each hairy sack. She could taste the rotten dirt and smell the foul aromas coming from him. Fred let his cock rest on Erin's face. His balls, being sucked was too much for him to handle so his cock burst massive loads of cum all over her face.

"AAAGGGHHHH!" Erin yelled as cum covered her face completely, and Ron's big dick continued to be shoved further and further up Erin's cunt.

Andy and Justus blew their massive loads in Erin's hands while sucking on her mammoth sweaty orbs. Their cum sprayed all over the sides of her sweaty tits. Justus and Andy decided to clean up the mess and licked their own cum off her tits.

Erin's pussy started flowing cum out as it was being loosened by Ron's huge cock. Ron drilled her juice flowing pussy a few more times before he felt his cock starting to empty inside her. Erin's toes were spread out inside her socks and her legs were quivering as Ron unloaded inside of her.

Ron removed his limp glistening cock from her tender womb. Her pussy lips were swollen and red. Her clitoris was red and enlarged.

"I need someone to eat my pussy and soften it for me," Erin moaned. "Just stick your head between my legs. Lick and suck that huge red and pink thing called a pussy."

Andy got between her legs and started sniffing her cunt. He could smell the mixtures of cum that flowed out from her pussy. Andy started licking her cunt walls furiously.

"OOOOH YESSS!" moaned Erin as she wrapped her sore thighs around Andy's head.

The other cavemen watched and felt their dicks starting to rise again.

Andy slithered his tongue between Erin's engorged cunt lips. Erin began to squeal as Andy got deeper and deeper between her lips. Erin could hardly move from the pounding she took but was thrashing her head about from the pleasure Andy was giving her. She needed a nice, soft tongue to cool down her puffy lips and her sore intersection. Andy started sucking her large clitoris. He licked the tip of it furiously with his fat tongue, bringing Erin to an orgasm and finally she came all over Andy's mouth. He started slurping up and sucking her sweet juices. Andy could also taste Justus and Ron's cum.

Suddenly, Justus and Ron vanished into thin air.

"What the? What just happen?" questioned Erin confused. "Why did they just disappear like that?"

Then it hit her. Justus and Ron were the only two cavemen that came inside her. She started to wonder if the only way she could get home was if all the cavemen came inside her and they too would disappear. If she was wrong, then she was stuck within the book for the rest of her life and perhaps lonely as well.

"Mmmm. Stick it in me, Andy," Erin begged.

Andy thrusted his gigantic cock within Erin's pussy. It was still very sore and tender from the last two poundings. Immediately, Andy dove his head between Erin's slippery huge tits and enjoyed having them bounce off his head while he thrusted in it.

"UUUGGHHHH! You like that Andy...Don't you know?" cried Erin.

Erin started to sway her body from side to side, bouncing her basketball size titties off Andy's head, fueling him up. Andy didn't disappoint her. He continued to pound and drill his huge dick deeper and harder in Erin's cunt.

"I want to be on top Andy. AAAAGGGHHH! Let me be on top, Andy!" Erin begged.

Andy tipped himself over so that Erin was on top of him.

"Watch my big ol titties bounce and wobble as you fuck me."

Andy's eyes didn't leave Erin's chest. Erin's huge sweaty breasts wobbled and flopped around. Her nipples were dragging into Andy's chest. Andy thrusted harder and faster while making crazy noises.

Erin's enormous jugs were smacking together violently, and Andy's eyes just bugged out at the sight of them.
