 At the base of Mount Olympus, near to the border between the realms of mortals and gods, there was a large and glorious hot spring. The waters of the spring bubbled up from the ground, warmed by the fire of Hades, and the bathes it formed ranged in temperature from comfortably warm to scalding hot. The air was always thick with steam and pleasantly scented thanks to the minerals in the water, and the vegetation was so thick that even in the relatively small area a shy bather could find a completely hidden bath all to themselves. 

Most bathers who came to this hot spring were not at all shy though. Quite the opposite, they were hedonists and revelers, each as addicted to sex and debauchery as an alcoholic was to wine. These baths had been the site of many wild orgies, but more commonly they were used as a place for the day afterwards, a place where the exhausted partiers could wash the stains of sex out of their hair and the sweat from their bodies.

These bathers were no ordinary people either. This place being so close to Mount Olympus, and so hidden from the mortal world that only a few of the bathers were human, but each of them were legendary heroes or demigods, each with perfect bodies and innumerable accomplishments. Their presence at the hot spring was evidence of the favor they had won from the gods, either by slaying some offending monster, or just being too attractive for the god to resist. 

Most of the bathers were spirits of some sort. Nymphs, satyrs, centaurs, and such, all of them different shapes and colors, all of them beautiful, and most of them busy fucking one another senseless. The nymphs often took the form of diminutive young maidens with barely post-pubescent bodies, but that didn't mean they couldn't take a brutally hard fucking from a horse-cocked centaur, even while their asses were being split open by some horny satyr. 

Fewest of the bathers were the gods and goddesses themselves, since the gods were the rarest of all things. Beings of unimaginable power, and almost unequaled sexual appetites, the gods were feared just as much as they were adored. 

There were three goddesses currently at the baths. The largest and hottest pool was reserved for them, as only their immortal bodies could stand the heat, and they giggled and gossipped as they watched the other bathers fuck, and they slowly recovered from the violence of their previous night's orgy.

"Fuck," moaned the first goddess. "Ares really did a number on my ass last night. I can't even sit down or roll over. Thank Zeus I don't have to shit like the humans do. I swear, Ares is an infinitely better lover than my husband, Hephaestus, but he fucks me like he's trying to kill me."

"Trust me, dear, just be grateful that you have a dominant lover and a submissive husband," said the second goddess. "That's the key to happiness. Being married to Zeus had been a constant tribulation. I hate him because he's a drunken oaf who would rather waste his big dick on little mortal girls than a goddess like me, but I love him when he actually fucks me. My husband isn't king of the gods for nothing, dears. When that man hits my pussy with his lighting-bolt . . . . well . . . 'apocalyptic' is too soft a word for it."

"Gross," the third goddess groaned. "That's my dad you're talking about. Can you two quiet down a bit. I'm trying to masterbate."

"Nerd," the first goddess snickered, noticing that the third was reading an erotic scroll as she bathed. "If you want a proper fingering come over here. The goddess of love knows how to treat a pussy."

"Goddess of whores," the third grumbled. 

"Bitch!"

"Cunt!"

"Girls!" the second goddess interrupted. "Please be civil. I may not be your birth-mother, but I am your father's wife, and I'm the one who sucks his cock to calm him down when one of you two have angered him. I'd like it if we all got along for once. Now kiss and makeup."

The younger goddesses grumbled and kissed, the first taking much longer and enjoying her kiss much more than the third. The first goddess teased the third a little by grabbing at her little nipples and twisting them, and although the third goddess mewled in complaint she did not break the kiss. 

The first goddess (the one whose ass had been nearly shattered by Ares the night before) was no other than Aphrodite, the goddess of love, sex, selfishness, sluts, and orgasms. She looked the part too. Tall, blonde, slender, but stacked with a huge pair of round tits that defied gravity and an ass that could shatter and stone-wall. Here lips, nipples, and pussy were all flawlessly pink and perky, despite having been used to suck and fuck more cocks than an entire brothel of five-penny whores. She had been the instigator and focus of last night's orgy, which was usually the case. It was impossible to be within a mile of her and not feel the arousing power of her influence. Aphrodite could make any stale pussy dripping wet, and any old cock as hard as marble. Being touched by her was usually enough to provoke a spontaneous orgasm, as the third goddess was now feeling. 

The third goddess (the one reading the scroll and masterbating) was the youngest of the three. Athena, goddess of wisdom, knowledge, pornography, poetry, pottery, science, table-top games, and all sorts of nerdy shit. She was easily more beautiful than any human, but next to Aphrodite she looked rather plain. She was short, cute, petite, with budding breasts that never seem to fully come in, but a nice firm butt that you could bounce a coin off of. Her long brunette hair was braided into pigtails that hung down to her lower back. She always braided her hair before on orgy. It gave the other gods something to hold on to when the fucked her from behind or skull-fucked her throat. She was so small she'd bounce away otherwise. 

The second goddess (the one married to Zeus) was the oldest, most powerful, and most unmistakably godlike of them all. Standing over seven feet tall, with pronounced cheekbones, narrow eyes, titanically large breasts capped with wide brown nipples, a huge ass bigger than a mare's, a slightly curvy stomach, a big fat pussy, and a heap of curly black hair, this goddess demanded attention, respect, and awe. This was Hera, queen of the gods, and patron deity of dominatrixes everywhere.

"Haha!" Aphrodite laughed at her little sister. "I got you to cum already, just from a kiss."

"No!" Athena whined, but there was no hiding it. Her legs were quivering and her tiny hairless pussy was spitting like a piece of squeezed fruit. She sunk beneath the scalding water of the bath to hide her embarrassment. 

"Amatuer," Aphrdite giggled as she fingered herself and enjoyed the way her little sister's cute face scrunched up in pleasure. "A little slut like you only knows how to lay back and get fucked. It takes a real goddess like me to master sex. I fuck back, and I fuck hard. You were a fucking appetizer last night, and I was the main course."

"Arrogant slut," Athena groaned. "It's only because of your powers that anyone even finds a disgusting bimbo like you attractive. Ares practically crawled over you to get a turn with me, because I know how to please a man's darkest fantasies and desires. I do the actual research, and learn what my lover wants."

"You're both children compared to me," Hera interrupted, standing up in the pool and thrusting her imperious breasts into the air so that they hung over the younger deities heads like two falling moons. "How many gods did you fuck last night before passing out? Athena, maybe a dozen? Aphrodite, maybe twenty? I fucked over fifty gods last night, and with the exception of my husband, I dominated every single one of them. You two may have gotten put to sleep by Ares warring battering-ram, but I was the one who broke him, and pumped the last drop of his raging godhood from his body. You two little kittens need to recognize who is the top bitch around here."

The three goddesses continued to argue for some time, each asserting that they were the sexually powerful. Athena claimed that it was her knowledge of kinks and fetishes that made her the sexiest, whereas Aphrodite said it was raw eroticm that made her superior, and Hera asserted her power by flexing her amazonian muscles. They three of them continued to argue until a fourth goddess came onto the scene, swaggering her slender body with a playful sort of haughtiness. 

"I think I have a way you three can settle this argument," the new goddess said with a bratty, nasally voice. She was taller than Athena, but not nearly as tall as Aphrodite and Hera. Her long blonde hair was curly and messy, as if she had just gotten out of bed after a long night of masterbation, and her succulent body was half-covered by a ripped robe that was stained with wine, leaving her breasts and thighs completely bare. Her face was perfectly pretty, but the insane twist of her smile and the uneven glint of her bright pink eyes were a little disconcerting. On her back sprouted two stubby wings, like that of a doves, which were completely white except that they were dirty and also stained with wine. 

"Eris," Hera growled. "Goddess of Discord."

"Did you three have fun at the orgy last night?" Eris asked, swaggering as if drunk. "I'm asking because I don't know. I wasn't invited."

"Your invitation must have gotten lost in the mail, dear," Hera said with a sarcastic sneer.

"Who'd want a dirty slut like you around anyway," Athena said looking away and lifting up her nose. 

"Yeah. I enjoy a wild party as much as the next goddess, but no one wants complete chaos," Aphrodite agreed. "You fuck up everything you touch, Eris."

"Well . . . I can't argue with that," Eris said glumly. "And just to show that there are no hard feelings, I have a gift for one of you." 

Eris held up an apple, but it wasn't any normal apple. It was golden and shimmering, glowing with its own internal light, and yet it seemed edible. It was the most delicious looking apple any of the goddesses had ever seen. 

"A golden apple!" Hera gasped. "From the Garden of the Hesperides. Where did you get it?"

"That doesn't matter," Eris said with a shrug. "The only thing that matters is who is going to get it. You see, I think that such an extravagant prize as this should only go to the very best goddess around. The sexiest. The horniest. The lustiest. Only the goddess who has the wettest pussy, tightest asshole, nastiest mouth, and most talented hands should get to shove this golden knob down their slutty throat. But who would that be?"

"Me!" all three of the goddesses said, before breaking out into another argument. 

"Calm down, calm down," Eris said, juggling the apple in the air. "You see . . . I know of a perfect way for you three to prove which of you is the absolute sexiest. You see, there is this mortal, a warrior, a beast of a man with the cock of a horse, and in all his life he's never been bested by a woman of any kind, mortal or otherwise . . . His name's Tavros."

#

"Tavros! Tavros! Tavros!" the mercenary army cheered. They were a motley sort drawn together from every corner of the world, united by a common love of adventure, war, violence, gold, and rape. Some of them were Celts, some Greek, some Persian, some Nubian, some Ethiopian, some Scythian, and some from corners of the world which had no name yet. They were all warriors, bandits, and thieves, and yet they were not completely without honor. By ancient tradition, any battle between two armies could be substituted by a battle of two champions that would decide the victor. Even if a substantially smaller army had the better champion, they could claim victory, and the larger army would have to leave. That was the reason they were cheering for Tavros. 

Tavros was a beast of a man, standing seven feet tall, weighing over three hundred pounds, and every bit of it was solid muscle. His skin was a deep bronze, both because of the burning sun he lived under and because of his mixed ethnic heritage. Tavros was contemptuous of armor, preferring the protection that his tremendous speed and strength offered, but he did were a skimpy loincloth with a bulging codpiece to keep his immeasurably large cock under control, and he wore heavy iron bracers on his wrists to stop his enemies' weapons. 

Tavros's opponent was much like himself, choosing to wear only a few pieces of armor and a tight leather thong that pinched deep into the opponent's pronounced buttocks, but Tavros's opponent was slightly smaller than he was, and female. 

The warrior woman was an Amazon with long red hair tied into a braid, beautiful green eyes, and a muscular body that was strong enough to wrestle a horse to the ground, but still feminine enough to be beautiful. Her half-naked body was covered in swirling blue war-paint, and what little armor she wore covered her large round breasts and crotch, but after almost an hour of fighting with Tavros had down its toll on her, and her war-paint began to drip down her body from the sweat, and her large breasts heaved in the tight constraints of her inadequate breastplate.

"Kia! Kia! Kia!" the opposing army of Amazons cheered. They were but one band from a much larger tribe of all warrior women, who raised their daughters in the art of war and wither sent their sons to love amongst other tribes or simply euthanized them. Men were nothing but beasts to them; just meat to breed with. Like Kia they were all skimpily dressed, some wearing nothing by loincloths and thongs while armed with nothing but slings and spears, but as Kia was demonstrating, armor was not what made a good warrior. 

Tavros swung at Kia with a mighty fist, delivering a blow powerful enough to rip her head off, but Kia leaned back and let the first sail over her head. Her hands fell to the dirt and she used the leverage to kick her knee upward between Tavros's balls, slamming them up into his muscular thighs. 

THUD!!

Tavros fell to his knees groaning, and Kia's allies cheered for her. Normally such a strike was enough to castrate a man, but Kia was alarmed to find that her knee actually hurt a little. Tavros's cock and balls hadn't felt like most men's. His cock had felt like a heavy leathy pouch filled with something metal, and his balls were each as hard as ivory nuts. 

"You're bigger than most men," Kia said, specifically referring to the inhumanly large bulge in his codpiece. "But like all men you are clumsy and stupid. Nothing but meat. Prepare to die."

Kia lept onto Tavros's wide shoulder and wrapped her legs around his neck. The muscles and cords of his neck were thicker than anything Kia had ever felt before, more like a bull's than a man's, but she was certain she could snap his neck if she tried hard enough. Kia squeezed her thighs together and leaned back until her head was hovering just an inch off the ground, but even with the added leverage and the immense power of her thighs, Kia could not get Tavros's neck to even bend a little. Kia squeezed until her pussy smashed against the back of Tavros's skull, but still he resisted. This was impossible, Kia thought. She had literally strangled a minotaur to death with her legs once before. She had fucked centaurs into submission, and broken men like twigs. How could this mortal man resist her so easily. 

"Fucking . . . Bitch!" Tavros grunted, grabbing at Kia's legs, swinging her body over his head, and slamming her against the dusty ground. 

Kia landed with a hard thud, and before she could even inhale Tavros was rolling her over and grabbing at her breastplate. 

"You tits seemed to be a little cramped, cow," Tavros said. "Let me free them."

Tavros tore the breastplate off of Kia's chest so hard that the leather straps keeping it in place snapped like threads, and Kia's breasts bounced on her chest like two mounds of fresh jelly. Tavros grabbed one of Kia's breasts in his mighty hand and squeezed so hard that the Amazon began to scream, but the sensation was just as pleasurable as it was painful, and her nipples responded by hardening and erecting from her chest a full inch. 

"Your nipples are already stiffening," Tavros said as he mauled Kia's breasts. "Conquring you is going to be easier than I though. I bet your pussy is soaking wet as well."

"N-No," Kia moaned, but she could feel that he was right. She had noticed how swollen and wet her pussy was when she was grinding it against the back of his neck. She couldn't help it; the thrill of battle excited her, and as much as she hated to admit it there was something about Tavros that was sexuall mesmerizing, sometihng about his thick musky scent, and the arrogant smile on his handsome face as he fought her. 

"Slut! Don't lie to me!" Tavros said, reaching down to Kia's thong and ripping it off her body. The tight leather cord dug into her swollen pussy before it snapped, and Kia squealed like a little girl as her clit got whipped by the snapping leather. 

"See," Tavros said. "Your dripping wet. Your pussy is so swollen it looks hurt." Tavros pressed his thumb down on her clut and began grinding it around, rubbing his knuckles against her puffy slit, and forcing out the juice like he was squeezing a slice of lemon. Kia mewled and wiggled on the ground, desperately trying to kick herself away from Tavros, but the powerful man kept yanking on her ankle or waist to keep her in place, and she was already dizzy with the need to cum. 

"Lubricant, or no lubricant?" Tavros asked. 

"What?" Kia stuttered, too horny and scared to think straight. 

"Do you want my cock to have any lubricant when I fuck you or not?" Tavros clarified. "It's up to you."

Kia didn't know how to answer until Tavros tore off his codpiece and let his full manhood flop out. His cock was swollen and thick, but clearly not even hard yet. Still, even soft it was nine-inches long, as thick around a Kia's wrist, and capped by a fat bulbous head so plump that it looked like an apple in the mouth of a python. His balls were huge too, each literally the size of an ivory nut, and they were pulsating with hot, potent, virile seed. The sight of it stunned Kia like a slap to the face, and she almost felt ashamed of her attempt to kill this man. Such a perfect stud was rare, and to waste such good breeding material was almost a sin. 

"I . . . I want lubricant," Kia gasped, imagining with terror what a thick cock must feel like ripping its way through her body. 

"Then suck it," Tavros said, grabbing the back of Kia's head and pushing her puffy lips against his cockhead. 

"Wait, I-HMMMPH!" Kia tried to speak, but her words were shoved down her throat along with Tavros's cock. He was getting harder by the second, and she was already being stretched to her full limit. Any more and her jaw might snap. Tavros rocked back and forth with gentle thrusts, hammering the back of her throat, producing a "Gluck, Gluck, Gluck" sound as her probed deeper inch by inch, and yet his balls were still swinging so far away from her chin that she couldn't even see them. Kia struggled to her knees to get a better angle, but Tavros took over by pulling on her hair and literally dragging her across the ground, lining up her throat and stomach to his inflating cock. His iron-hard muscle was now almost thirteen inches long, and still his balls were more than four inches from Kia's chin. 

Kia began to choke. Long strands of spit oozed out her lips and down her chin, some of it splashing against her naked breasts. Tavros caught some of the spit in his hand and he wiped it over her eyes, humiliating Kia as he pummeled her throat wide open. Tears rolled down her cheeks as her skull-fucked her, and finally, after almost a minute of asphyxiation, Kia felt his heavy balls knocking against her chin and throat. 

"Shit, you're not very good at this," Tavros grunted as he held Kia's head still and pummeled the back of her neck from the inside. His cockhead punched downward, and broke all the way into her stomach. Kia was gagging violently now, and was weakly slamming her fists against his bullish thighs. It was useless though. Tavors wasn't going to pull out until he was done, and she was too defeated to bite down.
