 When I awoke, the first thing I saw were the blinking lights on the display panel of my Hibernation Chamber. The panel indicated that I was healthy, and that the chamber's hatch would open within a minute. The panel's timer and date readouts made no sense to me at all, but I felt fine. My naked body was pressed back against the soft padding of the chamber, so I knew that I was no longer in zero-gravity. Outside of my Hibernation Chamber, it was strangely dark. I had expected to be awakened in a medical facility, with the lights on.

The Hibernation Chamber's lid swung slowly open, but I could see only darkness outside. I had gone into hibernation, along with the rest of my Engineering Team, just prior to the long space flight to the asteroid Eros. My team was scheduled to complete the commissioning of the work that would make the interior of the asteroid suitable for human habitation. I was 26 years old, and this was my first deep-space assignment.

A female voice, that I thought belonged to Commander Wright, said softly from the darkness, "How do you feel, Lieutenant? Are you all right?"

I answered, "I feel fine, Sir. Is that you, Commander Wright?"

I heard the woman breath a sigh of relief and say, "Thank god!" She continued, "Yes, it's me, Lieutenant."

I asked, "Why is it so dark in here, Commander?"

Commander Wright answered, "I'll explain everything to you later, Lieutenant." She continued, "Let's let the Doctor take a quick look at you first."

The Doctor stepped out of the darkness and pressed an instrument against my chest. Immediately, I smelled her musky perfume. The Doctor looked at me with concern in her beautiful, wide-apart gray eyes. She had a long, intelligent face that was framed by long, thick, curly, raven-black hair. I guessed that she was about 40-years-old. 

Strangely, the Doctor was dressed in a very low-cut, shinny fire-engine-red, skin-tight jumpsuit. Her jumpsuit was so low-cut that the Doctor's large breasts were exposed almost to her nipples, and I could clearly see those hard nipples straining against the thin fabric of her jumpsuit. Shinning a light into both of my eyes the Doctor said, "Your Lieutenant appears to be in good health, Earthborn. But, we will need to take him back to the Medical Facility, were I can give him a through examination, to be certain."

Commander Wright answered, "Thank you, Doctor Miriam."

The Commander said to me, "Put on these clothes, Lieutenant, and come with me." She handed me a dark-colored, nondescript, one-piece coverall and a pair of equally nondescript booties. There were no underwear, nor anything else for me to wear.

Putting on the clothing, I stepped away from the Hibernation Chamber. I felt light on my feet, and judged the gravity to be about 75% Earth-standard. In the dim light cast by my Hibernation Chamber, I could now see two other women, besides the Doctor and the Commander, standing nearby. One of them, a tall woman with broad hips and long hair, said, "Please follow me, Earthborn." The Commander beckoned me to follow her, and we all fell in line behind our guide. The women carried small, dim, hand lights, and that was the only illumination that we had as we walked along the dark corridors.

I assumed that I had been awakened to some kind of an emergency, but kept silent and waited for the Commander to brief me. But why, I thought, did the Doctor and our guide call the Commander "Earthborn"? I also noted, in the dim light, that the Commander was dressed in a very low-cut, shinny black, skin-tight jumpsuit, and 4" high-heeled shoes. "When did the uniform-of-the-day get changed to that sexy outfit?" I wondered.

We walked along dark corridors and through a number of hatchways, for what seemed like miles, before finally entering a well lit corridor. At the end of the corridor were a pair of double doors leading to what, I assumed, was a conference room. In the bright lights of the corridor, I saw that our tall, broad-hipped guide had long , flaming-red hair, and sharply pointed ears.

The four women stopped and turned to face me. I could now see that all of the women were dressed in similar very low-cut, shinny, skin-tight clothing and 4" high-heeled shoes. Our guide was dressed in shiny black, like the Commander, but wore a long skirt with a side-slit that exposed a generous portion of her shapely thigh. 

The women's jumpsuits were so skin-tight that I could clearly see every curve and crevice of their bodies. It was evident that none of them, including the Commander, were wearing either bras or panties, and I could clearly see the camel-toe outlines of their pussies, through the thin, skin-tight fabric of their clothing as they faced me.

Our guide appeared to be about 30-years-old. She was easily 6'2" tall in her stocking feet, and with those 4" high-heeled shoes she looked like an amazon. She had a beautiful oval face with wide-apart green eyes and a sensuous mouth. Our guide's long, thick, curly, flaming-red hair cascaded over the ivory skin of her back to the crack of her broad, shapely ass. I judged her to have a 40-24-40 figure with D-cup breasts. 

The Commander said, "Lieutenant, don't be surprised by anything that you see in that room." 

I turned to the Commander and saw, for the first time, that she looked different from the last time that I had seen her. The Commander's dark-brown hair was somewhat longer than her usual very short crop-cut, but it was more than that. If I didn't know otherwise, I would have thought that the Commander was no more than 25-years-old. But, I knew for a fact that she was 42. I also noted that the Commander looked very, very good in her very-low-cut, shinny black, skin-tight jumpsuit.

I had always thought that the Commander was cute and sexy, for a mature woman. Standing before me now, however, was an absolutely gorgeous young woman. She would have stood 5'4" tall in her stocking feet, but those 4" high-heeled shoes made her look almost as tall as me. Her skin-tight jumpsuit emphasized her figure, that I judged to be 38-24-36 with D-cup breasts. When I looked at her face, I saw that there was concern in her wide-set, dark-brown eyes as she looked back at me.

The Commander continued, "Be on your best behavior, Lieutenant." She finished, "Now, follow me."

Upon entering the conference room, I realized that we weren't in Kansas anymore.

There were two women in the room, standing behind a large conference table. One was a tall, gorgeous, half-naked woman with three breasts and sharply pointed ears. "Welcome, Earthborn," she said to the Commander.

To the left of the three-breasted woman stood a much shorter, older, intelligent-looking, full-figured woman with long, thick, curly, pure-white hair that fell almost to her ankles. She was dressed all in white, with both of her large breasts, and a necklace with a silver pentacle, exposed by her open robe. 

The Commander answered, "Thank you, Veila." She continued, "This is my Lieutenant, Yuri DuBois." 

Veila, the three-breasted woman, appeared to be about 35-years-old and would have stood 6'4" tall in her stocking feet, but her high-heeled shoes made her look much taller. Her three fully exposed breasts appeared to be C-cup size, with large dark, almost black, areolas and long, thick nipples. Veila's three nipples were easily an inch long and almost as thick as my thumb. I strongly suspected that she was lactating.

Veila's long, thick, curly, dark-brown hair framed an oval face with beautiful emerald-green eyes and a sensuous mouth. As I stared at her, I noted that Veila's waist was very narrow, and judged her measurements to be 42-24-38. Her only clothing was a skimpy emerald-green thong, that matched the color of her eyes, worn over a pair of extremely shear, black, billowy harem-pants. 

Turning to me the Commander said, "Close your mouth, Lieutenant." She continued, " And, it's not polite to stare at our hosts."

Military discipline took over and I closed my mouth.

Veila said, "He looks healthy, Earthborn. He is far more muscular than the men of Eros." She continued, "Are you certain that this male will help us?"

The Commander answered, "Yes, Veila. The Lieutenant is an engineer on my team, and an Earthborn, like myself." She continued, "As I have told you, the world of the Earthborns was very different from yours."

The pure-white-haired woman said, "And will the Earthborn male impregnate our fertile women?"

My jaw dropped again, and the Commander said sharply, "Lieutenant!" She continued in a whisper, "I'll explain all of this to you later."

Turning back to face the pure-white-haired woman, the Commander said, "High Priestess Isis, in the society of the Earthborns, that decision would be up to the Lieutenant." She continued, "He may volunteer to impregnate your fertile women, after he learns what things are like in this world."

High Priestess Isis, the full-figured woman with the long, thick, curly, pure-white hair stood 5'0" tall in her stocking feet. I judged her measurements to be 43-28-40 with surprisingly shapely DD-cup breasts. Her skin was very smooth, and I really couldn't guess her age. Then, I realized, with a start, that what I had thought were her skimpy white panties was actually her thick, pure-white muff of pubic hair. So, I thought, this woman is probably well over 65-years-old. High Priestess Isis had surprisingly warm, dark eyes in her intelligent face, but the look that she gave me now was one of a professor examining a laboratory specimen. 

High Priestess Isis answered "Very well, Earthborn. Please inform your Lieutenant of our situation." She continued, "We will meet with you both again, tomorrow, to discuss this further."

"Thank you, High Priestess Isis. Thank you, Veila," said the Commander.

The Commander turned to me and said, "Come with me, Lieutenant." She continued, "We need to give you a through medical examination, and I need to brief you about our current situation." 

Our guide and the Doctor now led us through a maze of corridors to the Medical Facility. The other woman who had accompanied us from the Hibernation Chamber was a tall, willowy, blonde dressed in an emerald-green jumpsuit. She had not spoken at all, and she remained behind in the conference room.

As we walked, the Commander said, in a conversational tone, "By the way, Lieutenant, Veila, the woman with the three breasts, is called an 'Exotic' on this world." She continued, "All of the Exotics have pointed ears, along with other attributes that may, or may not, be obvious at first glance." She continued, "Tonga, our guide, is also an Exotic, as you can see from her pointed ears." She finished, " I've been told that roughly 20% of the people here are Exotic women of some kind or another. Believe it or not, I actually saw a four-breasted Exotic, a few days ago." 

"High Priestess Isis," she continued, "the older woman in white, is a very important leader on this world. The tall blonde woman, who was dressed in emerald-green, is called Yeea. She is another important, influential person here."

We arrived at the Medical Facility and everyone accompanied me into an examination room.

The Doctor said, "Please take off your clothes and lie down on the examination table, Lieutenant."

Doctor Miriam would have stood 5'7" tall in her stocking feet, but her 4" high-heeled shoes raised her extremely shapely ass and brought her eyes up a little past my eye level. She wore her raven-black hair loose, and it hung down her back to the cleft at the top of her ass cheeks. 

I did as I was told, and Doctor Miriam hooked me up to a number of medical instruments. She stood close and ran her hands slowly over my muscular, naked body. When Doctor Miriam bent forward, I could look down her very low-cut, shinny, fire-engine-red, skin-tight jumpsuit half-way to her navel. Even in her jumpsuit I could see that her thick, erect, nipples poked out away from her large breasts almost half an inch. Doctor Miriam's waist was narrow compared to her bust and hips. I judged her measurements to be 42-24-38 with large, beautiful DD-cup breasts. 

Doctor Miriam said to me, "Are all the men of Earth as muscular as you, Lieutenant?"

I answered, "No, Doctor. But, I workout with weights several days a week." I wasn't muscular enough to win a trophy in a local bodybuilding competition, but I did keep myself in very good shape. 

Looking at her instruments, Doctor Miriam said, "I see that you've got the same nanotechnology built into you as the Earthborn." She gave me a crooked smile and said, "That's, apparently, what kept you alive and healthy all of these years."

I said in surprise, "All of these years? Just how long was I in that Hibernation Chamber?" I added, "And where am I?"

"Relax, Lieutenant," said the Commander, "I'll explain everything to you shortly."

The Doctor said, "You appear to be in perfect health, Lieutenant. You don't even have any scar tissue of any kind."

I looked down at my wrist and saw, for the first time, that my old, ugly scar from a plasma burn was completely gone. Examining my leg I saw that another long scar, from another accident, was also completely gone.

The Doctor said, "It's, apparently, a benefit of the nanotechnology and your being so long in the Hibernation Chamber. The nanotechnology has had time to heal all of your damaged tissue."

The Commander said, "The nanotechnology did the same thing for me, Lieutenant."

I nodded and said, "It's also made you look much younger, Commander."

The Commander smiled and said, "Yes, Doctor Miriam tells me that, biologically, I now have the body of a 25-year-old woman."

Running her hand over my genitals, Doctor Miriam said, "Now, to complete your examination, I'll need to fuck you to verify that your sexual organs are in proper working order." I laid there in total shock as the Doctor began to remove her skin-tight jumpsuit.

"Please, that can wait until a little later, Doctor Miriam," said the Commander, "I really do need to brief the Lieutenant right now."

"But the condition of the Lieutenant's sexual organs is very important to us," answered the now completely naked Doctor. "I really must examine their working order," she continued. I could see that Doctor Miriam had rosy-pink colored nipples, and that her pubic area was completely shaven, or waxed, and devoid of any trace of pubic hair.

"Later, please, Doctor Miriam," said the Commander, "I really do need to brief the Lieutenant, right now."

"Very well, Earthborn," answered the doctor, with obvious disappointment, "I'll complete my medical examination after you've finished briefing the Lieutenant."

"Thank you, Doctor Miriam," said the Commander. The Doctor moved away from me, but made no effort to get dressed. 

Handing me my coverall, the Commander said, "Please put this back on, Lieutenant, while we talk." She continued, "I'll try to answer all of your questions, and I'll brief you concerning our situation."

"All right, Commander," I said, as I put on the coverall, "Just how long was I in that Hibernation Chamber?"

The Commander took a deep breath and said quietly, "Over one thousand years."

I stood there in stunned silence for some time. I had left behind no family, to speak of, but I thought about my friends and the Earth that I had known. Now, in shock, I realized that it was all gone forever.

Finally, I said, "So, my Hibernation Chamber's panel readouts were correct then, Commander?"

"Yes," she answered, "We've both been in hibernation for 1,042 years. Today's date is April 16, 3199."

I whistled. "So," I continued, "where are we, Commander?"

"We're on Eros," she answered, "right where we we're supposed to be." The Commander continued, "We're where we're supposed to be, just not WHEN we we're supposed to be here."

Standing in silence, I digested what I had been told. "So," I said, "why weren't we woken up a thousand years ago? Why now, Commander?"

The Commander said very slowly, "Apparently, there was an insurrection by the asteroid's construction crew, just before we arrived on Eros." She continued, "Most of the computer records from that period are inaccessible to us." She finished, "Do you remember how they were shipping thousands of civilians here, in Hibernation Chambers, well before construction on the asteroid was complete?"

"Yes," I said, "I remember, Commander. I thought that it was a very foolish thing to do."

"Well, Lieutenant," said the Commander, "it was a very foolish thing to do." She continued, "Apparently, all of those female civilians lying around in Hibernation Chambers were too great a temptation for a lot of those horny, sex-starved construction workers. It seems that they started opening the women's Hibernation Chambers early, to have their fun, then went hog wild and took over the entire asteroid. In the end, they set up their own little country out here, and ran it as they pleased."

I nodded my understanding, and the Commander continued, "There was no one who could stop them, really. No government had any armed spacecraft, as there was no need for them. And, the mutineers could easily have destroyed anything that tried to approach them way out here on Eros, anyway. So, the mutineers got away with their mutiny."

I nodded again, and the Commander said, "The mutineers set up a male dominated society. That society has evolved, over a thousand years, to the point where about 2,000 men now control a population of about 18,000 women." She continued, "The women do almost all of the work, and provide the ultimate in entertainment for men." She finished, "The men, by the way, are like the nobility here on Eros."

I nodded and said, "Is that what the Exotics are all about? Entertainment for the men?"

"Exactly," said the Commander with a nod. "The Exotics have been genetically manipulated and bred to be the ultimate in female pleasure providers." She continued, "The Exotics have been bred to be, almost, perpetually horny. They're not nymphomaniacs, as they're easily satisfied sexually. But, the Exotics will be horny as hell again, within several hours, after being satisfied."

"And the rest of the women are the workers?" I asked.

"Yes," nodded the Commander, "they're both workers and normal pleasure providers." She continued, "They're called Guilders, as they are divided into a number of guilds, depending upon the work that they perform. The Doctor, for instance, belongs to the Health Guild. Health Guilder's can, usually, be identified by their red clothing." She finished, "When they're actually wearing clothing," as she looked pointedly at the still naked Doctor.

"Everything on Eros revolves around women pleasing men," continued the Commander. "The women's clothing, when they even wear clothing, is intended to be sexually stimulating to the men. The men, ultimately, control the women by determining who among them will be allowed to bear children." She finished, "The women here compete fiercely among themselves for the privilege of becoming mothers."

"So," I asked, "why were we taken out of hibernation after a thousand years?"

"As near as I can determine," the Commander answered, "we were kept in our Hibernation Chambers, by the asteroid's original construction workers, just in case they needed our help to complete the habitation project." She continued, "After awhile, we were completely forgotten about. The two of us survived, all this time, because we had been testing that experimental nanotechnology."

I nodded, and the Commander said, "There's a rebel group here among the women. One of the rebel women accidentally discovered our still functioning Hibernation Chambers several months ago." The Commander continued, "As I'm female, they woke me up three months ago, to learn if I could help them with their rebellion."

"Why did they wait until now to wake me up," I asked.
