 Michelle, my former Commander, briefed me further about the situation that we faced on Eros, after awakening from our thousand year sleep. Sitting comfortably in the Common Room, outside of my quarters, I found Michelle's beautiful, younger body to be quite a distraction. Her D-cup breasts, along with the rest of her curvaceous 38-24-36 figure, were being shown off quite well by her very low-cut, shinny black, skin-tight jumpsuit. I did my best, however, to concentrate on what Michelle was telling me.

Michelle said, "These quarters are located in, or rather under, the Exile Sector of the asteroid. The Exile Sector is what we called the Delta Sector, when we originally terraformed Eros." She continued, "You and I are now hiding out down here in the catacombs."

As I had worked on the terrafroming project, I already knew that each of the asteroid's five (5) sectors had an internal diameter of 6 miles, and a length of 5 miles. Rotation of the asteroid, along its cylindrical axis, simulated Earth-like gravity for the people living on the inside of the big, hollowed-out space rock.

Michelle continued, "The men of Eros all live in the Alpha Sector, and most of the women live in the Beta Sector. The Gamma Sector is used mostly for farming, and all of the exiled women are sent here to the Delta Sector."

"What about the Epsilon Sector?" I asked.

"That sector has never been occupied," Michelle answered, "The population of this asteroid has never grown large enough to need the space." 

I asked, "Why is the simulated gravity so low?" I continued, "When Eros was terraformed, the gravity was supposed to be Earth-standard on the inner ring."

"I think that the men slowed the rotation of Eros, mostly, out of laziness," answered Michelle, "They had no intentions of ever returning to Earth, but they didn't want their bodies to weaken too much, like the permanent Lunar and Martian colonists." She laughed and continued, "They may have lowered the simulated gravity for no better reason than to make it easier for us women to walk around in these slutty 4" high-heeled shoes." She finished, "And, so that our boobs don't sag as much."

I smiled and thought to myself, "The men of Eros certainly do have their priorities." I laughed and then turned serious again.

I asked, "How many women have been exiled to the Delta Sector, Michelle?"

"Nearly six hundred women live here in exile right now. That's over 3% of all of the women here on Eros," Michelle answered.

"And what, exactly, did all of these women do to get themselves exiled?" I asked.

She answered, "Women can be sent here simply for being judged undesirable, in some way, by the men." Michelle continued, "If a woman objects to any of the men's laws, customs, or behavior, or is thought to be too independent, or too rebellious, she can be sent here into exile." She finished, "For instance, Doctor Miriam was exiled here because the men discovered that she was secretly trying to find a way to increase the male birth rate." 

"Doctor Miriam," I said with a sigh, "Now that was a really strange medical examination." I was thinking, in particular, about how she had "examined" my sexual organs.

Michelle laughed with false innocence and said, "Why whatever do you mean, Yuri?"

I answered, "Well, please excuse my language, Michelle, but Doctor Miriam told me that she was going to fuck me in the same tone of voice that she would have used to say that she was going to examine my ears. Then, she turned around and used clinical terms to describe our body parts while she 'examined' me."

Michelle said seriously, "You'll find that the language of sex on Eros is very coarse by our standards." She continued, "That is, however, the way that they conduct such an examination her on Eros. I'm sure that Doctor Miriam was trying to be as professional as possible."

"So, all of the women that I've met, so far, on Eros are Exiles?" I asked, getting back to the original subject.

"No, not all of the women," answered Michelle, "Veila and Yeea are not Exiles." She continued, "They're very important rebel leaders that have, so far, managed to avoid being discovered by the men."

"So, how many rebel women are there altogether?" I asked.

Michelle answered, "There are less than a thousand organized rebel women, total." She continued, "But, there's a tremendous amount of discontent among all of the women here on Eros. The rebels must be very secretive, however, as most of the women of Eros would betray the rebels in a heartbeat, if they thought that it would bring them some small advantage with the men." She finished, "Even here in the Exile Sector, only a handful of the rebel women know that you and I even exist. Tonga, the tall, flaming-red-haired Exotic, is, actually, as much of a guard, as she is a guide."

I said in surprise, "A guard?"

"Yes," answered Michelle, "a guard. Neither one of us is supposed to leave this area without being accompanied by one of the rebel women. It's in everyone's best interests that we follow this rule."

I didn't much like the idea of being restricted in my movements and under-guard, but it did make sense. After all, these rebel women had to be extremely cautious.

I said uneasily, "I see." I continued, "So, what's Tonga's story? Why was she exiled here? I would have thought that a beautiful Exotic like her would be very popular with the men of Eros."

"Tonga was treated very crudely by the men, even by the standards of Eros," answered Michelle, "When she protested, she was sent here into exile."

I said, "Treated crudely? Just because of her flaming-red-hair?"

"There's a little more to Tonga's exoticness than just her hair color," answered Michelle, "I'm sure that you'll find that out though, soon enough."

"Relax, Yuri," Michelle continued with a smile, "If everything goes as planned, the revolution will be over within six months. Then, we won't have to hide down here in the catacombs anymore." She finished, "Let's have something to eat and then get you some rest. Your body will need some time to adjust to being on your feet again, after a thousand years. I'll tell you more about Eros the first thing in the morning, before we meet with High Priestess Isis again."

"That reminds me," I said, "Do you have a nanomachine interface somewhere around here? I really should check on the condition of my thousand-year-old hardware before I go to bed." I continued, "The Doctor didn't include that as part of her examination."

Michelle's face fell and she answered, "No, I don't have one. I've been gathering hardware together in the hopes of building a new nanomachine interface from scratch." She continued, "Between the two of us, we should be able to cobble together a workable unit."

I smiled and said, "We're in luck, Michelle. I brought a spare nanomachine interface along with me on this trip. It's back in the personal storage compartment of my hibernation chamber."

Michelle squealed with delight and jumped up and hugged me. She said, "Oh, thank god! That's wonderful news! I'll make arrangements, right away, to send you back there to get it!" She continued, "I've been very worried about what those nanomachines have been doing to us all of this time, but I had no way of monitoring them, until now!"

Michelle asked Tonga to come into the Common Room. "Tonga," said Michelle, "will you contact Yeea and make plans to take Yuri back to his hibernation chamber? We need to retrieve some of his equipment as soon as possible."

"Yes, Earthborn," Tonga answered with a nod, "We may be able to go back there in three days time."

I said, "Three days time? Why wait so long?"

Michelle answered, "Your hibernation chamber is located back in the middle of the Gamma Sector. We must use extreme caution in moving about that sector, to avoid detection. Every move that we make must be well planned and coordinated in advance." 

Michelle continued, "The communications system that we use down here in the catacombs is all hard wired. We can't use portable devices here for fear of being detected. There are automated cameras and sensors located in all of the corridors, under the inner ring, of all of the sectors." She finished, "We wouldn't risk sending you back into the Gamma Sector at all, if your hibernation chamber's personal storage locker weren't keyed to your fingerprints."

"All right, let's make the arrangements," I answered.

I said, "One last question, before we eat. Please tell me about what's been happening back on Earth in the last thousand years."

Michelle frowned and said, "Earth nearly destroyed itself not long after we left." She continued, "As far as we know, only a very small human population survives there today." She finished, "There is very little communication with Earth. It's my impression that the men here, and the few remaining people on Earth that they talk to, do so more out of curiosity than anything else."

I thought to myself, "It just keeps getting stranger and stranger."

********************

Michelle stood by my bed shaking me awake. "Good morning, Yuri," she said, "I hope that you slept well."

"Good morning, Michelle," I answered, "I slept very well, thank you."

She was dressed similarly to the day before. Michelle now wore a tight, shinny black, mid-thigh length mini-skirt over a very low-cut, shinny black, skin-tight bodysuit, and her slutty, shinny black 4" high-heeled pumps. The bodysuit exposed the top halves of Michelle's breasts and was so skin-tight that I could clearly see the shape of her nipples beneath the thin fabric. With her beautiful face, figure, and D-cup breasts, Michelle looked absolutely stunning. 

I thought to myself, "I definitely like the dress code here on Eros." 

I looked around for some clothing, to hide my rising erection, before I climbed out of my bed. My coveralls were gone and there was nothing else in sight to replace them.

Michelle said, "Tonga will bring you some clothing after you've taken your shower." She continued, "Nudity and provocative clothing are very much the norm here on Eros. You're going to have to get used to it, Yuri." She smiled and finished, "Don't worry. I won't peek, this time, while you climb out of bed and go take your shower."

"Oh well, when in Rome......," I thought to myself, as I got out of bed and headed for the shower.

Michelle and Tonga were waiting for me when I returned from my shower, modestly wearing a towel wrapped around my waist. 

To my surprise, Tonga was topless. She was wearing only a long, flowing, flaming-red skirt, flaming-red 4" high-heeled pumps that exactly matched the color of her hair, and a pair of dangling gold earrings. Her firm, shapely D-cup breasts were capped with small areolas that were about and inch in diameter, and thick, long nipples that were the same color as her hair. Tonga's nipples were as thick as my little finger, and, at least, half an inch long.

Tonga was a tall woman, to start with, at 6'2" in her stocking feet. Her 4" high-heeled shoes, together with her long, thick, curly, flaming-red hair that cascaded down her back all the way to the crack of her ass, her broad hips, and her pointed ears made her look like an amazon. 

Tonga had a beautiful oval face with wide-apart green eyes and a wide, sensuous mouth. Her beautiful, smooth ivory skin emphasized the color of her hair. As I stared at her, I realized that the color of her lips, that also matched the color of her hair and nipples, was natural, and not applied makeup. With a 40-24-40 figure, this 30-year-old woman was gorgeous and exotic, almost, beyond belief. My mouth actually watered as I looked at her.

I thought to myself, "My, god! I really do love the dress code here on Eros!"

I said, "Good morning, Tonga." She simply smiled and nodded by way of reply.

Michelle said, "Here's what the well dressed man typically wears on Eros," as she pointed to some clothing that was laid out on the bed.

There were no trousers, only a dark-brown silk kilt, that looked like it would not quite reach my knees. Alongside the kilt was what looked to be a white, loose-fitting, sleeveless silk tunic. For footgear, there were only a simple pair of dark-brown sandals. There were no underwear of any kind.

I stared at the clothing and Michelle said, "I chose the dark-brown, earthy color for you." She continued, "The typical man on Eros usually wears colors that are much flashier."

As I continued to stare, Michelle said, "Now come on, Yuri. Get dressed." She continued, "Don't be shy. We've both seen you naked before."

With a sigh of resignation, I dropped my towel and got dressed. I wasn't at all surprised to find that the clothing was extremely comfortable. 

As I turned to face the two women, Doctor Miriam entered the room. Michelle turned to the other women and said, "So, what do you think, ladies?" as she pointed to me and my new clothing. 

Doctor Miriam was dressed as provocatively as Tonga. She was wearing only a long, fire-engine-red pencil skirt, matching fire-engine-red 4" high-heeled pumps, dangling gold earrings, and a gold necklace holding a long crystal ornament. I saw that Doctor Miriam's rosy-pink nipples stood up thick and erect from her big DD-cup breasts. Her lush 42-24-38 figure looked absolutely stunning. I took in her long, thick, curly, raven-black hair, her large, firm, shapely breasts, her succulent nipples, and her slim waist. Doctor Miriam was a gorgeous, mature woman and I practically drooled as I looked at her.

Tonga nodded in approval, by way of answering Michelle's question. Doctor Miriam walked up right up and stood in front of me. She said with her crooked smile, "I see that you are in good heath this morning, Earthborn." She looked at me closely and continued, "There is something missing from your attire that every man on Eros wears," as she unclasped the gold necklace with the long crystal ornament from around her neck and then fastened it around mine. "There," she said with a smile.

I kissed her on the cheek and said, "Thank you very much, Doctor Miriam."

Michelle glared at Doctor Miriam, for an instant, then said, "Thank you, ladies. Let's go to the Common Room, where I can further brief the Earthborn before our meeting with High Priestess Isis."

As we walked out to the Common Room, Michelle said, "I see that Doctor Miriam has taken a fancy to you, Yuri." She continued, "That crystal around your neck is a key to her quarters."

"Oh," I said. 

I thought to myself, "Life on Eros is going to be very interesting."

Michelle said, "Some of the men of Eros wear dozens of those crystal keys around their necks, as status symbols." She continued, "It looks like you're going to be very popular here on Eros."

She continued, "Oh, I almost forgot, the custom here on Eros is that when you wear a woman's crystal key around your neck, you're swearing an oath that you will fuck her, at least, once a month."

"Oh," was all that I could say, again.

I thought to myself, "Eros has some very interesting customs."

We all sat down at the conference table in the Common Room. "Getting back to our meeting this morning with High Priestess Isis," Michelle said, "do not speak to her first. Wait for the High Priestess to speak to you."

"All right," I said, "What else do I need to know?" 

Michelle answered, "She is a high priestess of Wicca, the old religion of nature."

"A neowitch?" I asked in disbelief.

"Remember, this is not our world, Yuri," answered Michelle.

Michelle continued, "Be prepared for her to ask you, bluntly, about your willingness to father male children with some of the women in the Exile Sector."

I said, "You mean that the High Priestess wants me to donate my sperm, so that some of the exiled women can become pregnant?"

Michelle smiled faintly and answered, "Not exactly."

"Not exactly?" I said, "Then, what, exactly?"

Michelle smiled faintly again and said, "Artificial insemination is one of the few taboos here on Eros, as far as I can determine." She continued, "High Priestess Isis wants you to impregnate some of the exiled women naturally."

"Oh," was all that I could manage to say. 

I thought to myself, "This is unbelievable! I've been awake here for two days and my ex-Commander wants to put me out to stud! Just what kind of a place is this asteroid?!"

Finally, I said, "And you don't have a problem with any of this, Michelle?"

Michelle answered seriously, "No, I don't." She continued, "The only way that the women of Eros, including myself, will ever gain equality with the men of Eros, is if the ratio of men-to-women here is about equal. That won't ever happen unless steps are taken to increase the male birthrate."

Michelle continued, "The men of Eros have insured that only one male is born out of every ten births, for the last thousand years. That must change. That's what this revolution is really all about."

I pondered all of this in silence. I was certainly sympathetic to the women's situation here on Eros. But, my god, what had I gotten myself into here?!

Finally, Michelle said, "So, will you help us, Yuri?"

I shook my head in disbelieve, but I sighed and said, "All right." I continued, "Like you, Michelle, I have nowhere else to go."

Tonga and Doctor Miriam accompanied Michelle and me to our meeting with High Priestess Isis. 

We met High Priestess Isis in the same room as the previous day. Again, she was standing behind the large conference table when we arrived. The High Priestess was dressed in a simple, open white robe and simple, flat white sandals. At 5'0" tall, the High Priestess was much shorter than any of the other women in the room, and looked shorter still in her flat sandals. 

Once again, I could not determine the age of the High Priestess. Her long, thick, curly, pure-white hair and thick, pure-white bush hinted that she was of advanced age. Her smooth skin, lush 43-28-40 figure, and shapely DD-cup breasts, however, said that this was a vital, voluptuous woman.

I, and the three women that accompanied me, stood silently before the High Priestess. I noted that she had warm, dark eyes in her intelligent face, and that her large breasts had small aeola's with thick, erect, rosy-pink nipples that stuck out almost half an inch.

High Priestess Isis finally nodded and said to the women, "Welcome. Has the awakened man been informed of our need?"

"He has, High Priestess Isis," answered the women in unison..

Looking directly at me the High Priestess said, "And will you aid us in our time of need?"

I answered, "Yes, High Priestess Isis."

High Priestess Isis nodded and smiled. She said, "Welcome, Earthborn. Please sit and share our meal." As she sat down, the High Priestess tossed her calf-length hair over one front shoulder, to keep it from touching the floor.

Food was brought and the High Priestess said a short prayer, thanking the God for, at last, sending them his representative. After the prayer, we ate our breakfast.

While we ate, the High Priestess said, "We will celebrate the Sabbat of Beltane two weeks from today, and Fawna is nearing the end of her child-bearing years. She should be the first of us to bear a son."

The High Priestess looked at me and continued, "You must undergo the Rite of Initiation before the Sabbat of Beltane." She continued, "As with Earthborn Michelle, we will forgo the normal period of apprenticeship for you." She finished, "We will perform the Rite of Initiation one week from today."

She looked at Doctor Miriam and Tonga and said, "Please instruct the Earthborn Yuri in the ways of the Rite of Initiation and the Great Ritual."

Both Doctor Miriam and Tonga nodded their assent.

The High Priestess looked back at me and said, "We will meet again, in five days time, to review your preparation for the Rite of Initiation." 

At the end of the meal, the High Priestess rose from the table and said, "I must return to the Temple above, before I am missed." She looked at me with a smile and said, "Welcome, Earthborn."
