 Ch. 2 -- Arthur's Test

"Another... time?" Merlin asked in wonder.

"That is correct."

"How did you manage this?! What sorcery did you use?!" Merlin demanded, grabbing Dave's shoulders.

"None! I have n-no idea how I came to be here!" Dave stammered.

"You expect us to believe that you are here by mere happenstance?!"

"Whether you believe it or not is irrelevant; it is the truth."

"Why, then, do you tell the truth, boy?" Arthur asked harshly. "You must be aware of the danger you have placed yourself in by confiding this secret to us. What could you hope to gain from such danger?"

"I had to tell you the truth because... I may have damaged history already," Dave admitted.

"Damaged history? Merlin, what is he saying?" Arthur asked.

"What he means is that any sorcerer traveling to a different point in history must take great care not to alter or disrupt the events of that time. In my years, I myself have traveled into the past, strictly for the purposes of learning, of course. However, I always conceal my presence during those trips, or I risk disrupting an event with bearing on our current state," Merlin explained.

"I... do not understand? That still does not tell me how history can be damaged," Arthur pressed.

"Think of this way. Let us say that I wished to witness the moment in which Christ first spoke to the Apostles and called them to follow Him."

"A momentous point in history, to be sure," Arthur agreed.

"Yes. Now, let us say further that, in the course of my visit, I inadvertently did something to cause a native of that time to take a different action than they would have had I not been there. For example, if I crossed a road and startled a donkey pulling a cart, which then turned down an alley and crashed in the middle of another road. Perhaps this road was the one that Simon Peter used to travel to his work. My actions could have delayed him in such a way that, when Christ called to the Apostles, Simon Peter was not among them."

"If that were to happen, then he would no longer be the Rock on which the Church was built," Arthur gasped in realization.

"Exactly my point, Arthur! This one alteration in history could well cause a series of events to take place differently than we know, altering our own time in potentially disastrous ways. That is how history can be damaged, as David is saying."

Turning back to Dave, Arthur asked, "And you say you might have already made such an alteration?"

"I am afraid so, Your Highness. I am rather familiar with the stories of your life and rule, what we in my time refer to as the 'Arthurian Legend'."

"I must say, I rather like the sound of that," Arthur mused with a grin.

"Erm, back on point David, if you please," Merlin urged him.

"Of course. The war with Mordred is a well-known part of the Arthurian Legend, but a part that many are unfamiliar with is the rivalry Camelot shared with Saxon. Much of that part of the story has been lost throughout history, save for a few individuals that some would call obsessed," Dave continued.

"Such as you, boy?" Arthur chuckled.

"Yes. Now, I am familiar with Camelot's efforts to form an alliance with the Saxons. This would give them the strength they needed to overcome the threat of Mordred. Lord Byron was part of that alliance, as you mentioned before. The problem is, according to history as I know it, the attack on Lord Byron's carriage should have killed not only him and Sir James, but Madeleine as well."

"But through your intervention, she lives," Arthur whispered.

"Yes, and now you understand my previous look of fear. Now you understand why this must remain a secret," Dave said. "Any further action I take in this time could have dangerous implications for the future I know. Every moment I spend here puts history in jeopardy."

"Then we must discover a way to send you back," Arthur surmised. "What thoughts have you, Merlin?"

"Hmm... how exactly did you come to be here, David?"

"Let me think... I remember I was practicing my archery with two of my friends, when one of their shots went high and flew off into the woods. I went to retrieve the arrow, and found it stuck in a tree stump. The odd thing is, it was not stuck in the side, as I would have anticipated. Rather, it was in the top of the stump, pointing straight down. It took every bit of strength I had to pull it out. Once I did, I looked up and noticed the forest was thicker than the one I had been in, and that was when I heard Mordred's men begin their attack on Lord Byron."

"I see... do you still possess this arrow of which you speak?" Merlin asked.

"I do. Sir Bedivere stored it and my bow in the armory."

Hearing this, Arthur opened the door to the workshop and shouted up the stairs. "Guard! Bring David's bow and arrows to us at once!"

"Yes, Sire!"

"Merlin, perhaps I am being obtuse, but would it not be simple for you to travel back in time a few hours and prevent David from interfering in the attack on Lord Byron's carriage?" Arthur asked.

"It would be simple, yet also disastrous," Merlin replied.

"I agree," Dave said. "If Merlin travels back in time a few hours, he may be successful in preventing my actions. But in preventing my actions, he would then be in a time with two Merlins: one in the forest with me, another in the castle with you. Without my interference, the Merlin with you would never have had the motivation to travel back in time to begin with."

"Precisely," said Merlin. "And without the motivation to travel back in time, the Merlin in the castle would not travel back in time. Thus, the Merlin that did travel back in time would disappear before he could take any action to prevent David's interference."

"In my time, we refer to this idea as a paradox, when simultaneous actions in time cancel each other out."

"In that case, would it be possible for you to travel into the future with David, returning him to the precise moment he was flung back in time?" Arthur asked.

Dave's eyes lit up at the prospect. "Is that possible?"

"Sadly, no," Merlin replied. "Yes, I have traveled through time before. However, such an action is one of the most difficult techniques for a sorcerer to use, and comes with strict limitations. Most notable is the requirement that a sorcerer must be able to picture in vivid detail the time in which they wish to travel to. If they cannot do so with accuracy, the magic will fail. What this means for our purposes is that I can only travel into the past, as that is what I have enough information about to picture vividly in my mind. The future, on the other hand, is beyond my comprehension at this time, and as I cannot conceive of it, I cannot travel there."

"I see... it is clear to me that, even in my wisdom as King, I am out of my depth on this matter," Arthur said.

"Time is a dangerous matter, perhaps the most dangerous of all," Merlin said.

"Sire! The items you requested," a guard said, opening the door.

"Ah, thank you. You may go."

Arthur handed the weapon and arrows to Dave, who began rummaging through his quiver of arrows. While most of his were yellow, he found the one that was neon green, the color Chris always used.

"This is the one," Dave said, handing the arrow to Merlin.

"Hmm... yes. This arrow has been enchanted; it has known sorcery," Merlin whispered as he inspected it.

"But who would have reason to enchant it? Why bring me here?" Dave wondered.

"I know not. Bringing a man of the future here is a dangerous act with unpredictable results. Either the one responsible for this is very wise, or very foolish."

"Or very desperate," Dave offered.

"Indeed," Merlin said with a grin. "I must say you are quite an intelligent boy, David."

"Verily," Arthur agreed with a hearty laugh. "He appears to understand the dangers of your magic as well as you do, old friend!"

"David, I make a vow to you here today. I shall not rest until I have discovered the means to send you home. I do not profess to be omnipotent, but I am never without a capacity to learn. If you will agree to assist my efforts with your intellect, I believe we can discover the secret hidden within these matters."

"Of course! Anything I can do to help!" Dave replied.

"Splendid. I shall need to do some research alone, but we shall begin our work together tomorrow," Merlin said.

"Now, as to the danger Camelot faces by your mere presence," Arthur continued, "I believe it best for you to remain in the quarters I shall assign to you, David. Do nothing, speak to nobody. As you said, any action you take could have dangerous implications for the future you know."

"I agree. But... what about Madeleine? She is in as much danger as I am," Dave pointed out.

"Until we can decide how best to proceed, I shall instruct Madeleine to do the same. With her father gone and her deceased betrothed a servant of my Court, the responsibility of her life now rests with me. And, as much as it pains me to say this, I must abandon my quest to form an alliance with the Saxons, for this is clearly not what history intends for us. At the next convening of the Round Table, I shall swear my knights to secrecy. To all the neighboring kingdoms, Mordred's attack will have left no survivors," Arthur said.

"You would give up an alliance with the Saxons?" Dave asked in surprise.

"Indeed I would. If what you and Merlin say is true, history is already beginning to deviate from its intended course. If I can make a small decision to prevent any damage from that deviation, that is what I shall do."

"Impressive. It seems the legends of your wise leadership are true," Dave marveled.

"You are very kind," Arthur said, moving to open the door. "At the top of the stairs, the guard shall escort you to your quarters."

"Thank you, Your Highness."

Arthur closed the door behind Dave, still lost in thought at everything he had learned about this mysterious stranger. He turned to find Merlin seated at the long, rectangular table in the middle of the room.

"What say you, old friend?"

"I say... there may be more to our visitor from the future than even he knows," Merlin replied with a grin.

*****

"I apologize for my disheveled state, Your Highness," Madeleine choked through her tears. "I realize it is not proper."

"Shh, you need not apologize, my dear. The tragedy you have endured today breaks my heart," said the older woman. Hearing a knock at the door, she replied, "Come."

"Good morning, my love," Arthur said as he entered. "How is our guest?"

"She possesses far more strength than she knows," Guinevere replied with a smile.

"I am glad," Arthur said, taking a seat in a chair near the sofa the two women were seated on. "Maid Madeleine, there are some important matters that I must discuss with you, if you are well enough."

"If it is important, then I can be well enough, Your Highness," Madeleine replied, wiping her tears from her eyes.

"Before anything else, I wish to express my deep condolences for your loss. In my limited time with Lord Byron, he seemed a man of great honor and integrity, and I know for certain that he loved his daughter with all his heart. And Sir James... he was a good man, better than most. He would have been a splendid husband to you. Losing two good men in one day pains me as much as I am sure it has pained you, milady."

"Thank you, Sire," Madeleine whispered. "May I ask... what shall become of me now that my father and intended are dead?"

Arthur sighed, knowing this question to be unavoidable. "With Lord Byron and Sir James now in God's hands, I shall take custody of you myself, as Sir James was a member of my court. You will be safe here in Camelot, I assure you of that. However, I must make a request of you, and you may think me unkind for it, but I swear it to be necessary. I must ask that you remain in the quarters I assign to you and speak to nobody until I say otherwise."

"What? But Sire, why?" Madeleine asked in hurt confusion.

Arthur lowered his head, rubbing his graying beard with his hand. "I am not at liberty to say, milady. There are matters affected by the death of Lord Byron that concern the future of our kingdom, and I am sworn to secrecy on such matters. I am truly sorry, for I know how my request pains you. Even so, this is a request from your King, and I must insist that you abide by it."

"But Sire... when we first arrived, Sir Bedivere promised that I would be able to see David again! I must thank him properly for his courage!"

"I have spoken to young David regarding this situation, and he understands. Be assured that his courage is being thanked, for he is welcome here in Camelot for as long as he needs, as are you."

"Yet I am to be a prisoner nonetheless," Madeleine spat.

"Madeleine!" Guinevere gasped, fearing her husband's retaliation.

"Fear not, my love," Arthur said, waving her off. "Milady, I know that my command pains you, as it also pains me. I simply need you to trust that this is for your own safety."

Madeline sighed in resignation. "Of course, Sire..."

"My thanks to you. The guard in the hallway shall escort you to your quarters. Until we meet again, Maid Madeleine," Arthur said.

"Your Highness."

Once Madeleine had departed and the door had shut, Guinevere turned to her husband with angry eyes.

"That was cold of you, Arthur. I have never known you to be so cruel."

Arthur squeezed his eyes shut; he so hated what he had just ordered the poor girl to do. After a moment, he forced himself to gaze upon his wife. She was eight years his junior, and still as beautiful to him as they day they married. Though a trace or two of age lines adorned her face around her lips and the corners of her eyes, her warm eyes, kind disposition, and flowing brown hair gave her an air of elegance and grace. She remained to that day one of the most breathtaking women in all the kingdom.

"I understand your concern, my love, but be assured that I would not do such a thing were it unnecessary," Arthur replied.

"Why? What could necessitate such an order?" she protested further.

"I cannot say... not even to you, my Queen. All I may tell you is that it is a matter greater than Madeleine, greater than even you or I. It is a matter concerning the future and safety of every citizen of Camelot. Beyond this, I must ask for your trust... and understanding."

Guinevere eyed her husband for several long seconds. "I do not understand, and I believe you know this. But... you have never given me reason not to trust you. I suppose... I shall continue to do so."

"Thank you. Be assured that I am spending my every waking moment on resolving the matter of which I speak. Our future may well depend upon it."

*****

The six brave men entered the room, latching the door behind them. In silence they strode, each taking their place. They could have walked it blind, for they all felt more at peace within this room than in any other. Once each had arrived at his designated space, they drew their swords in unison and placed them on the table, pointing towards the small fire alight in the middle. Each of the five looked to the sixth, their leader for so many years.

"May God the Almighty grant us the wisdom to discover the right, the will to choose it over all else, and the power to help it endure. Amen."

Arthur smiled at his closest friends and confidants. On his left was Sir Bedivere, his most loyal companion and a founding member of the Round Table. Next to him was Sir Kay, older than even Arthur and shorter in stature, yet none had the trust of the King like Sir Kay did. After all, he and Arthur had grown up together. Directly across the table from Arthur stood Sir Ector, the man who had raised him from birth. Though an old man by now, his experience was undeniable; he was often viewed as a leader in times of Arthur's absence. Next was Sir Gawain, the youngest of the group, yet also the most noble. Arthur had long been impressed with the man's sense of justice, and thought he might make a suitable successor when the time came. Finally, on Arthur's right hand was Sir Lancelot, the most daring and accomplished warrior Camelot had ever known.

"Be seated, my friends. The Round Table has come to order."

"Hear, hear," they replied in unison, taking their seats.

"Our first order of business today is, as you know, a tragic one. This morning, Lord Byron, his daughter, and our own Sir James were attacked by Lord Mordred's men as they traveled to Camelot. Lord Byron and Sir James did not survive, which leaves one less seat at our table. He was a magnificent knight, but above all else, a good man."

"And our friend," Gawain agreed. "He was the youngest knight ever to sit at this table, and a daunting seat it was to fill, in replacing Sir Galahad. Yet in spite of his youth, I saw in Sir James a fire that would light a shining trail into the future, if only it continued to burn. In his memory, we must now carry on that flame."

The room rumbled as the rest pounded their fists on the table in approval.

"As such," Arthur continued, "I pose to you this question: is there any man in Camelot worthy of filling the seat vacated by Sir James? Or shall we continue with only we six?"

"I know of no man worthy enough," Ector said with authority. "To sit at the Round Table is not a guarantee for any knight, no matter how brave. Our ranks are not for rulers, but for servants seeking to the greatest good possible. We fight not for glory, but for justice, for peace, and for God. We cannot promote one for the sake of numbers unless he be worthy. I move the seat of Sir James remain vacant."

"I second," Kay agreed.

"All those in favor?" Arthur asked.

"Aye," the table replied.

"Then it is decided. Now we move to the primary reason I have gathered you together today," Arthur said, standing. "I am certain you all know of my extended negotiations with Lord Byron, having at last secured an alliance with the people of Saxon through him. In exchange, of course, Sir James was to be wed to his daughter, Madeleine. As I am sure Sir Bedivere has told you, a passing stranger spared the girl from her father's grisly fate. This courageous young man, David of Brighton, had the skill and determination to shoot the last of Mordred's men clean in the head, preventing his impending ravage of Madeleine."

Again the room rumbled as the knights cheered this fact.

"Indeed I also applaud his courage," Arthur continued. "However, in my conversations with him this morning, I have come to learn of some troubling matters as it relates to his visit to Camelot. This is why I must, for the first time, require the Round Table to swear themselves to secrecy."

"But Sire, we have been sworn to secrecy on matters before, have we not?" Bedivere asked in confusion.

"Aye, but this is different. You men must swear yourselves to secrecy before I tell you what I must tell you. On pain of death and dishonor, I must have your vow of honor that what I am about to say to you men shall not leave this room under any circumstance. Do I have it?"

"May we at least know the reason for such secrecy, Sire? You are clearly troubled by something as it relates to this visitor," Lancelot said.

"You shall understand once I have finished, but suffice to say that it is a matter concerning the future safety of all the people of Camelot. Now I ask again, do I have your vow of silence?"

One-by-one, the Knights of the Round Table voiced their agreement, however begrudgingly.

"Thank you, gentlemen. The truth of David of Brighton is that he does not merely hail from a land far from here. He hails from another time, over one thousand years into the future, to be precise." Arthur waved his hand, silencing the expected murmuring at this revelation. "I know you may think me mad for saying this, but be assured that I speak the truth. Merlin himself has confirmed David's claim to be true.
