 It was the annual 'Swinging Single God and Goddesses Orgy" at Eros' mansion on Mount Olympus. I had weaseled an invitation and when my boss found out, he had a little job for me to do while I was there. I didn't mind, that much, I could write it off as a business expense. I got to the house and instead of going into the front where two nymphs were passing out leis and magnets with "Eros lei'd me" on them, I followed an arrow marked trail that said, "Hermes pad". I found the god in his private bath house around the back of Eros' house. I knocked and the god's voice lilted out, "Entre-vous, my little foxy vixen!"

I opened the door and said, "Hermes, I..." I had never walked into a god's private quarters when someone else was expected, it took me by surprise to be met with Hermes bent over, his hairy ass with a half inserted strap on inserted in it and him singing, "You make me feel, you make me feel...like a natural woman," at the top of his voice. I gave a loud cough. He looked around and stood up, legs still slightly apart, holding his erection as if it were only natural for two men to be talking.

"Hey club, how's it hanging?" he asked, sounding non-plussed about the entire situation.

"Not as much as you are, but good."

"Ha ha, just expecting a little spit fire by the name of Chuang-Mu to come back, said something about needing to go to the little girl's room."

"Of course," I said. I didn't want to mention that I thought that I had passed said woman catching a portal with a Sasquatch purring something that the foot/hand thing wasn't just a myth. I decided that I should get this unpleasantness over with before something went thump on the floor. "Listen, I gotta take your hat and shoes." His mouth dropped. "Why?"

"Your license has been suspended , too many demerits," I said, hoping that I was imagining that something big and purple with straps was slipping farther down between his legs.

"What?" Hermes face went red; he clenched his fists and started to tremble in anger.

Ok, not the imagination. "Now settle down..." I cautioned, I had seen him the other day gobbling down plate after plate of curry so I didn't like the odds that something else may appear on the floor. "But how the hell am I to do my job!" He took a step forward. Time to leave.

"Uhm...Tell it to the judges...I just carry out the orders," I said as I grabbed the shoes and hat that were beside an open bottle that said "Slick as Shit" and ran out the door just as I heard a very wet `thump' on the concrete floor.

With work done, I stuffed the hat and funny slippers into the inside pocket of my trench coat and went to get myself a mug of ale. I had just gotten the mug, ready for my gullet to plunge itself into when I felt a tap on my shoulder.

I turned to look into a hairy chest. I looked up to see the face of a hawk with only one eye. "Horus," I exclaimed, "Nice to see you again." From the look in his eye, I thought that perhaps he was a little miffed about me catching him and sending him back to face justice. To add a positive spin to the start of the conversation, I thought it best to add something, "...so soon. You must have had one hell of a good lawyer!"

The Egyptian god looked at me and scowled. "Looks like you're being scoped out," Horus mentioned and nodded his hawk face towards a couple of women nearby. I looked.

Yep, there were two women looking over, pointing and giggling. They didn't look half bad. One looked Hindu in a fine robe of red and gold, the other was blue skinned...and naked. The naked one whispered something to her friend and walked over to us. The woman introduced herself, "Hi guys! I am Sedna, Queen of the Northern Seas, ruler of walruses."

I looked at her face with the piece of crab hanging off the corner of her mouth and said, "Obviously." She gave me a quizzical look but didn't hit me, so I figured she wasn't going to get it. "I'm Jared, this is my friend..."

"That's a little bit of a stretch," Horus cut me off. "More of a work related acquaintance."

I looked at him, shrugged my shoulders, "...my work related acquaintance, Horus."

"Well, even work related acquaintance is a stretch, isn't it?" Horus said, rethinking his previous amendment. "You pretty much don't know jack shit about me but fucked the majority of my family..." Sedna gave me an "Oh really, hmmm" look. I pointed out a bowl of Bo weevil entrails at the other end of the bar; Horus excused himself and moved down, his beak leaking spittle as he went.

"Pleased to meet you!" she responded in a very bubbly voice, and then admitted, "This is my first time to one of these things." I was quite surprised, considering her current state of undress; from what I heard, it usually took at least a couple of hours until the majority of the gods and goddesses were all undressed and coupling indiscriminately with any hole or hard object that presented itself. I thought I'd play it cool, show her my intellectual side while trying not to look down at her perky breasts and drool all over them. She beat me to the punch on what I was so slickly trying to do. "Listen, I hate to be straight forward but the last pecker I had was a real pecker," Sedna stated. I looked at her strangely. She covered her eyes with her hand and sounding quite embarrassed said that her ex lover was a sea bird. Inside my head the word `jackpot' was ringing -- after all after a sea gull, I was going to look like a friggin' giant. She continued her self started game of Truth or Dare by confiding that the last time she had sex was in 1696 -- she had gone on vacation in Antarctica and had met a penguin; she was lonely, he was in a tux......

Sedna grabbed my hand and starting leading me towards the rooms marked "convivium spermos depositum". As she we entered one of the rooms she nibbled my earlobe and said, "by the way, I hope you don't mind but I have only had made love only one way. You don't mind swooping do you?" I looked at her funny, then it dawned on me; she had said it had been a while, so I thought I'd help her out. "Don't you mean spooning?" Sedna kissed my cheek and then whispered in my ear, "Nope."

Eros' mansion was unique even in the realm of the immortals. Most gods and goddesses had private residences that were solely in the realm of either the netherworlds or in the mortal realm; Eros had one that spanned both. Though the white marble mansion was physically located on Mount Olympus, most of the doors within led to places in the realm of mortals. The room that Sedna chose was a located in the middle of a snow capped mountain range. There was a slight breeze that blew the fresh smell of fallen snow from the surrounding mountains around us as we surveyed our little `love nest'. The bedroom was nestled in a gigantic fifteen foot in diameter aerie made of timber and twigs with a king sized bed with plain white satin sheets and a fur lined light blue mink blanket with an eagle soaring in the sky for a design on it. At the head of the six pillowed bed was a pair of large wings fashioned with sea gull feathers and other bird feathers affixed to a halter. Great, I thought to myself, I'm going to role play being a pigeon; if she asks me to pretend that she's a statue, I'm out of here.

She gave me a little kiss on my cheek and pointed to the set of wings. "We are in The Aiguilles Rouges, nestled in between Aiguille Verte and Aiguille du Dru. I thought since I could smell that you had that French blood running through those veins of yours, you might like these. That is the very set of wings made by Daedalus to escape the prison tower King Minos locked him away in," Sedna explained. With that she reached up and kissed me -- hard. The force of her body onto mine almost made me slip from the bed onto the thin edge of the nest. Her hands slipped under my trench coat's shoulders and as her tongue explored my mouth, my coat slipped off easily to the bed. Her hard nipples pressed into my chest, I couldn't tell if it was the excitement or the breeze that made my own nipples as hard as hers but as my hands ran down the sides of her quivering body, I didn't really care.

"I think a couple of things feel left out," Sedna giggled, unbuttoning my shirt and removing it. She kissed my bottom lip, then my chin and neck. She slid her tongue down my sternum and then around to my left nipple. She began to nibble and suck as her right hand rubbed my crotch; my cock pressed so hard against the fabric of my pants, I thought that it would rip through it within seconds. Her tongue ran to the other nipple as her fingers gently stroked my shaft; I wanted her bad.

She brought her lips back up to mine, stepped back and picked up the wings. "Put these on," she demanded.

I wanted to ask why, but the feeling of her fingers gently stroking my seven inches had left me with nothing on my mind than exploring every curve and crevice of Sedna that I could. I thought that the wings and harness would be heavy and be a distraction, but they did not. "If you're expecting me to squawk..."

She gave a little titter. "No."

"Good cuz I..." I began to state why I wasn't going to act like a sea gull when she gave me a push -- hard. I stumbled back to the edge of the nest. I swung my arms wildly to no avail; I went off the side. I watched as Sedna's face and the edge of the nest quickly became smaller in my sight. I couldn't believe that I was going to die like this, if I could only get back up to that nest I'd give Sedna one hell of a -.

The wings flapped. I found myself back on the nest's edge. I looked around wildly trying to figure out what had just happened. Sedna knelt on the side, looking up at me and smiling. "I knew that you could do it, babe," she said. She reached to my pants and pulled down my zipper and pulled out my cock with her hand. The almost fall to the death had made my cock rock hard. She stoked it roughly -- she had never had a mortal man's member in her hand before. I put my hand on her head and brought it to my tip, moving my hips so it slid across her lips. She opened her lips up just a little and stuck her tongue out to the edge to taste; she flicked my urethra and the single drop of pre-cum that had formed as she continued to stroke my shaft lightly.

Sedna gave a quick look up and smiled, "you're much tastier than that lying emu, Bruce; biggest in the world my ass," she said quietly. Damn, I was going to say that I was big too, but having her talk bad to her next lover about me didn't sound like a good option at the moment. With her other hand she reached around and grabbed my ass cheek as she slowly started to take my shaft into her mouth. She let the head of my cock touch the roof of her mouth as her tongue rolled along its fleshy sides, her fingers stroking closer to my cock base. She closed her lips around my cock and started to take it in farther and then pull almost all the way out, never letting the tip of my cock leave the heat of her mouth.

I closed my eyes and just let the ripples of sensation run from my shaft up my spine. I felt light headed from the work her tongue was doing along the sides of my shaft as she slowly pumped me in and out of her mouth. There was an increase of pressure on my cock, as if there were weights on it, pulling it down when it cried to be erect. I opened my eyes, looked down to see that Sedna was on her toes still licking and sucking but I had risen from the aerie's edge without even being aware of it.

Sedna popped my cock from her mouth, licked my excitement that had left as evidence of my pleasure on her lips. "I take it you like?" She asked. I nodded. "Then I hope you like this." I had risen even higher without her suction; I hovered just above her. She put both of her hands on my hips to keep me from going any higher than her head. She ran her tongue along the bottom of my sac, twirling and swirling it around, letting the cool air take the moistness from it and send even more shivers of excitement through my body. My legs spread apart to let the air flow through me even more. Sedna's tongue ran along the bottom of my ass cheeks, and then she slid her tongue around my ass crack then back to where my shaft base and sac joined. She kept on sliding back and forth, each time she would go a little deeper into my crack, finally getting to where her tongue glided over my anus, sending a spasm through my cock and causing for a drop to fall from my tip into her hair. She turned around from being directly under my shaft to where her face was now able to run her tongue up and down my ass crack fully. With every flick of her tongue, her grip on my waist became tighter; my cock pulsated without any shame from the pleasure Sedna was transmitting with her supple tongue. I hadn't even noticed that with every sensation I had risen a few more feet of the ground -- By the time my mind had finally freed itself from what Sedna was doing to allow my eyes to focus, we were well over fifty feet up from the nest, and Sedna still continued her exploration without a second thought.

Sedna must have realized that I had become conscious of what our situation was as she deftly swung herself around to my front again. The amount of strength that woman had astounded me; to keep hold of me while doing what she was doing, that thought just added the total lack of control I felt, that excited me even more. Sedna rolled her tongue from the base of my cock up the shaft and then looked up as my cock head rested on her lips. She gave me a smile and said, "Your turn." I looked down at her, perplexed at what she meant. She released her hold on my waist and let herself fall. She turned her self so that she looked like she was laying on her stomach on a really soft bed; she made no sound. I turned myself around and dove to catch her.

I didn't know how far it was down, or whether there were jagged rocks waiting to pierce my back, I didn't care; I was focused on Sedna's body. I only had moments to decide how I was going to catch her. I quickened my dive slightly and got underneath her. She smiled and winked at me as I turned myself around and moved over so that her blue tinged pubic hair was right above my waiting mouth. I willed the wings to beat a little faster and Sedna's body came to rest upon mine, her pleasure soaking my chin when we made contact. We continued our way back up like that; our bodies' horizontal with only our desires commanding our attentions.

Sedna's inner thighs rested on my shoulders, I had to bend my neck to look at her fine looking pubic mound and ass. The aroma and feeling of her sex moistening my chin was better than the finest ambrosia to me; I looked hungrily at it as I felt her slip her mouth over my cock and begin showing it as much attention as she had before. I brought my hands up and spread her ass cheeks and I let my tongue trace her puffed vaginal lips, tasting, relishing in all its blue skinned glory. I let my tongue slowly go from her clit to the top of her ass on one side and then slowly traced a parallel path down the other side back to her clit. It was puffed, ready to be suckled and licked. I pushed Sedna's hips up a little so that I had better access to her beautiful fuck nub and brought it into my mouth. She moaned as soon as my hot mouth latched on to her clit and my tongue swirled around its base. I moved my one hand down and snuck a finger into her vagina and slowly started pumping it with the little pulls I was giving her clit with my lips.

My fingers were soon soaked with her juice; I brought my tongue down, reluctantly leaving her clit for the sexy hole that my finger pumped. I rolled my tongue in and out in time with my finger, rounding my tongue to give a hard penetration of her swollen hole of desire. Her pussy muscles strained to keep both my finger and my tongue in her, pulling both hard. I let another finger into her hole and she groaned lustfully at its welcomed appearance. That let my tongue stroll down just below her vaginal hole and I began to kiss her outer lips, pulling the flesh into my mouth, wanting to ingest her sex into me. I gave her sweet lips another couple of quick kisses and then let my tongue travel up her middle to her ass. I gave each of her cheeks a kiss, and then traced her luscious bottom, leaving a trail of moisture that quickly was dried by the wind as we continued to climb in altitude.

"Lick my ass hole, please," Sedna pleaded as her hips slowly began to gyrate opposite of my own fingers pumping into her greedy vagina. She pushed her ass into my face, desperately pleading again, "Lick my ass, then I want you to fuck me, please I need your cock in my pussy." How could I refuse? I let my tongue roll on the inside of her ass crack, slowly circling around her anus as she began to stroke and suck my cock even harder. I gave her anus a quick lick, her pussy shuttered and she began to cum hard. I gave another lick, her pussy juices ran even faster, the juices flew from my fingers onto my cheeks. I formed a spoon with my tongue and flicked her anus hard as began to slow my finger pumping. Sedna was running her own tongue up and down my shaft, flicking my urethra with every pass over the top to the other side of my cock. I let my saliva pool in the spoon of my tongue, letting it overflow and drop onto her hot hole. Then I mercilessly drove my tongue in. I sped up my finger fucking to match the rapid movements in and out with my tongue; Sedna matched the ferocity on my pulsating cock.

"Fuck me, fuck me," Sedna started to chant, she started to ram her ass against my tongue violently, "show me how good your cock is for me, baby, I want you in me. I want your seed to spray me deep inside."

As if the wings knew what to do, I slowly began to angle up head first, I took my fingers out of Sedna's sopping pussy, brought my knees up so that she could brace herself for the repositioning. I didn't know if she would be able to get a grip, her juices slicked even more my sweat covered chest, but she slid her blue buxom ass down as arched her back, keeping one hand on my knee and reaching around for my shoulder. It took a few moments, giving my cock a little breather to stop from cumming as soon as her hot puffy pussy lips touched my shaft. We still rose, her feet braced on my knees, her pussy just a little up from the tip of my quivering head and her back teasing my hard nipples with their softness. I put my arms underneath hers and she slid around so her delectable nipples could dance in the wind with my own.

I kissed her hard as my hands found her curves of her ass cheeks and grabbed on tight.

"Fuck me," Sedna demanded as her tongue licked my neck, "I want your cock deep inside me, right now." To make her point even clearer, she wiggled her hips, coating the hair just below my navel slick with her anticipation. I moved my hips up a little higher, letting the tip of my cock find the outer lips of her sex; it was electricity -- the cool wind blowing against my shaft contrasted from the heat that her lips were giving off, making my already hardened cock try to swell even larger.

Sedna kiss my chin and drove her hips down, my cock was swallowed down to its base by her flowing pussy. I couldn't be sure whether it was the altitude or something else, but as we slowly rocked, my shaft slowly pumping in and out, her pussy muscles tightening when I thrust in and then loosened when I started to withdrawal, but I saw no reason to hurry. I wanted her to feel me in her, every movement, not just a mix mash of hits but the slow fractioned glide of my flesh against hers. The rush in her movements only moments prior of her ass against my face were gone; we just explored each others mouths with our tongues, each others bodies with our arms and let our sex juices mix and mingle into one. Every stroke along my shaft made my balls contract; I couldn't keep the slow speed, though I wanted to -- I wanted her to feel the passion that she had created into me. I brought my knees up tight against her ass and began to thrust hard and fast. I rammed my cock hard into her, my balls slapping and sending her own juices flying wildly from our combined pubic mounds. Sedna tightened her pussy muscles and kept them clenched, the friction of cock and pussy heightened my want to fill her with my cum. With a final thrust that sunk my base deep within her pussy folds I began to cum.
