 *All characters are above the age 18*

In the last chapter we saw the very beginning of Eroti Co.'s attempt at "world peace" in 2045.

***

[Martin- 2017]

The restaurant was buzzing with people from all different backgrounds, ethnicities, and histories. What else could you expect from the most popular eatery in the city? Café Elephante. While its etymology remains shrouded in mystery, it doesn't stop people from enjoying it any less. 

My phone buzzed on the table, alerting me that I had received a text from Caroline Fox.

"Almost there, driver took the wrong exit," she wrote.

"Don't waste my time," I replied. There was no response.

The waitress walked to my table, "Hi sir, are you waiting for someone?" Her brown hair was done perfectly and cut short to just below her chin. Bangs covered her eyebrows which only seemed to accentuate her bright green eyes. The cutest nose that I've ever seen seemed to point down to two red and plump lips. Her round and large breasts presented themselves out from her chest that drew every masculine gaze to their beauty. 

"Yes, ma'am," I answered.

"Would you like me to get something for you while you wait?" She asked.

"Just a water with lemon would be nice, thank you," I gave her a half-hearted smile as she walked away. Her round ass swiveled around her waist as she stepped away from the table.

Soon my attention was brought to the front of the room as the hostess brought Caroline to our table.

"Hi, sorry I'm late, Julio fucked up," She placed her extremely oversized purse to the right of her seat.

"That's a bit flashy, don't ya' think?" I asked while I bit into a piece of buttered bread. 

"I have some of my product in here, you're thinking about investing, right?" She said as she situated her belongings. The waitress returned.

"Hi, I'm Alice, can I start you off with some drinks?" She asked us with her notepad ready in hand.

"Could you get us a bottle of your best red? Thank you," Caroline said to Alice.

"Of course, it'll be just a minute. Anything else?"

"No thank you," Caroline answered once again. She looked at me as Alice departed towards the kitchen.

"I don't like red," I told her.

"I don't give a fuck," she answered in a very "business woman-ly" voice that bordered on condescending.

"Fair enough," I chortled, "What is it that you want me to invest in? I don't want to be here all night talking about it."

"Oh really?" She replied, "Well then that's too bad. Let's wait until we get our food at least."

"'That's too bad'?" I repeated, "I'm sorry, but I thought you wanted my money. What's to stop me from walking out that door right now?" The corners of her mouth shifted down and her eyebrows furrowed.

"Business is business, I know you, I know how you play your little fucking games. You would never let a potential 'million dollar idea' just slip through the cracks. You're not like that, Martin." We looked at each other for another few seconds before I broke my gaze. For someone who needed my money so desperately, she surely had a lot of experience as a business woman.

Alice returned with our glasses, the wine, and took our dinner orders. Caroline and I talked until our food was served about personal things like family, school, and various other stories. We sat across from each other with two steaming steaks that waited for out attention along with a new, unopened, bottle of red wine.

"Now," Caroline began, "Let's talk business." She reached down into her purse and pulled out a small glass vial, filled with some sort of red liquid, and sealed by a cork. "I'm going to put this in your drink, you are going to call Alice over, you will take a sip of the wine and tell her that it tastes funny, then you will tell her to have a taste to confirm your beliefs. That's what you have to do right now. Understand?" 

I scanned Caroline up and down, taking in every detail of her face before finally coming to a decision, "Fine."

"Excuse me, Alice!" I called to her from across the restaurant.

"Yes, sir?" She answered when she arrived at our table.

"Hi, sorry to bother you, but this wine tastes kind of odd to me," I brought my glass to my lips and winced as the wine slipped down my throat, "Here, try some, just so you know that I'm not lying."

"Oh, uh, okay," she replied as she took the drink from my hands and sipped from the glass, "Oh yeah, there's definitely something wrong with that, I can take that off of your bill or I can bring you a new glass, on the house?"

"Just taking it off of the bill would be fine. Thank you, Alice," Caroline interjected.

"Okay, I'm sorry for the inconvenience," she said. 

"You have ten minutes," Caroline said to me after Alice left the table.

"What?"

"Ten minutes before the effects of the serum start taking place," she answered.

"What the fuck are you talking about, Caroline?"

"Finish eating, we'll talk shop tomorrow. I'll give you a call. Trust me, nothing bad is going to happen," She smiled and chomped down on some steak, "Mmm delicious." She smiled. I took a few bites of my steak before I finally felt the effects of the serum. 

As the two of us continued to eat our meals I felt my arousal slowly begin to build. My crotch suddenly strained against the cloth of my pants. I shifted around in my seat in order to accommodate for my growing erection and beads of sweat formed directly below my hairline. Caroline said a few words to me but I couldn't focus on them, I could only focus on my arousal.

"What the fuck is this?" I groaned.

"Mind control," she answered, "Look at our waitress." Alice was standing at the side of the room with her legs crossed and her hands clasped between them. Her fingers were slightly rubbing her pussy through her black pants. A look of euphoria and desperation was painted across her face. "Go talk to her," Caroline said with a wink, "I'm gonna get going." Her words floated out into the air and disappeared without ever being processed by my brain.

I stood, with my dick poking out in front of me, and walked to Alice. I didn't give a shit about my boner at this point, I just needed to cum.

"Hey, Alice, are you okay?" I asked in the most normal-sounding voice I could muster.

"What?" She gasped, "Oh, yeah, I'm fine." I positioned myself next to her with my back also leaning against the wall. I let my hand travel up her leg, her arm, before stopping at her cheek

Drool dripped from her lips and she looked at me, "Follow me," she said. I could feel my thoughts slipping away from me as she took my hand and led me to the employee restroom. She locked the door behind her and flipped the light on. I sat down on the toilet seat.

One by one the buttons on her blouse popped open revealing a black lacy bra. Her shirt fell to the ground. Her two magnificent breasts yearned for freedom from her bra. Soon they were freed and it was only a matter of time before all of our clothes were off.

She stepped over me, with one leg on both sides of my body, and sat down on my dick. I slid gracefully into her tight pussy. She moaned and caressed one of her tits. 

"Oh, yes, Oh FUCK, Fuck me FUCK ME! HARDER!" She yelped and was most definitely heard to the people outside the restroom. I didn't care and neither did she. All that we cared about was how amazing the sex was. She bounced up and down on my cock with her breasts following every motion. I reached my hand out and gripped one of her beautiful tits. 

Alice looked at me with her mouth in the shape of an "O" but no noise came out. Her eyes shut tightly and her humping slowed. I humped back with the same intensity that she had before. In return, she wrapped her arms around my neck and moaned into my ear. 

"OH FUCK, OH MY FUCKING GOD!" She gasped, "Uhh, OHH, FUuUUCK!" She brought her lips to mine and embraced me in the most ferocious kiss that I have ever been a part of.

"Oh, fuck!" I moaned. Her eyes slyly made eye-contact with mine.

"You're cloOOse, aren't you?" She huffed. I nodded. She hopped off of my dick and crouched down between my legs, slowly bringing her lips to the tip of my cock. Her fingers writhed inside of her pussy as she inhaled the entire length of my dick. As her head bobbed up and down I felt my orgasm slowly build. 

"I think I'm in love with you," I jokingly gasped. She giggled with the vibrations of her voice pulsating down my shaft. My muscles clenched and almost as quick as Usain Bolt, I came directly into her throat. She swallowed it all but continued to suck.

My eyes rolled back into my head as she continued to suck my balls dry. In that moment I was pretty sure that I discovered a new color.

Her mouth withdrew from my cock as we both suddenly came to our senses.

"Why the fuck did I just do that?" Alice questioned me, suddenly covering her tits with her arm.

"I-I... I'm not sure," I answered as I slid my underwear on. Alice got dressed, fixed her hair, and left the restroom without saying a word. What the fuck was in that vial, I asked myself.

Caroline's words echoed in my memory, "Mind control."

I left the bathroom and sat back down at the table. Alice brought me the bill, again without saying a word, and I left the restaurant. 

I whipped out my phone and called Caroline.

"Oh, hey," she answered, "Have fun?"

"Yes, I did actually," I laughed, "Whatever your product is, I'm in."

She laughed, "Okay, good. But you better get home soon, you have about an hour before the effects relapse."

"Oh, okay."

"And tomorrow meet me at the same place around eight o'clock and I'll tell you about the future for our business," she said before quickly hanging up.

"Caroline Fox," I said to myself as the valet brought me my car, "What on earth are you planning?"