 DISCLAIMER

All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reprinted or reproduced or utilized in any form or by any electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system without permission in writing from the author. Please be advised that this tales includes detailed sexual situations, lack of condom usage, profanity and is not suited for readers under the age of 18. Intended for mature audiences only.

*****

The billowing dark clouds blotted out the midday sun, shrouding the tiny monastery in grey shadow. A storm was coming. Fortunately Jan was used to the weather in this northern region and he would be ready for it. To be the only soul at the monastery, he did very well and he knew it. It wasn't that he was full of pride. He'd gotten used to managing things on his own.

When the priests left on their pilgrimage to Helvahr's shrine he had been a lanky and weak boy; too weak to travel. They assured him that all had been taken care of for the cold winter ahead and he would be well provided for while they were gone. He'd been left with the eldest monk, Rolfan who was also too weak to travel and taught him many things before passing on two years later.

It was not a usual thing for all hands at the monastery to pack up and leave, but the high priest insisted upon it. The reason for their departure being that he'd received a vision which demanded the attention of all who worshipped their hermit god. Something important was to be revealed at Helvahr's shrine temple and all who were able to travel were encouraged to embark on this pilgrimage. The journey was expected to last for only a few months but four years went by and no one ever returned. Not his brothers or any of the priests who ran the monastery. 

Surrounded by snow covered valleys and icy peaks, the temple had been a haven for all who sought respite or sanctuary. Jan could remember a time when every few days, a visitor or traveling pilgrim would stop to take shelter and tell their stories round the warm hearth. He took great pleasure in them, for he had no other means of entertainment. Now no one, not even lost travelers came upon his abode anymore. Only the books of the library kept him company. 

Once Rolfan was gone, he'd thought to venture out into the world beyond the mountains; maybe to find out what had happened to everyone, but the warnings always held him back. Only danger and temptation awaited him. According to the high priest, the seclusion of the monastery protected them from all manner of sin and he would do well to remain here. 

In a way he was lucky to have such a beautiful home. The monastery was blessed by the gods in its ability to provide crops even in this frigid climate. It was surrounded by fruit trees which yielded apples and pears in the earlier months, and from the plots of fertile soil surrounding the grounds and inner courtyard, sprung a variety of wild vegetables and herbs. The nearby river also teemed with salmon and rainbow trout; all of which graced Jan's dinner table. 

For some time he was content and never wanted for anything, even though his mind was plagued with unanswered questions. He wanted to know what happened to the others, especially since he would be the only one left. Rolfan's health had deteriorated rather quickly and there was no sign that he would ever recover. This led Jan to fall into despair. 

At night he wept for the old man and his lost brothers, who must have surely found their deaths. What else could have happened? Maybe the vision did not come from Helvahr but from some menacing evil that preyed upon the good. Only one thought gave him comfort: this was some sort of trial and he would be rewarded for his patience. This alone gave him the strength to carry on after the old man passed. 

Month after month he toiled away and became lost in his chores. He tended the gardens, swept the grounds and dusted the walls and bookshelves of the forgotten monastery. He would be rewarded for this; someone would come. He repeated those words in his mind like a powerful mantra, until one day someone did come.

Winter was quickly approaching and Jan had just stored away a bountiful harvest for the coming months. Another year had gone by and he expected to be dining alone for the night. Suddenly, a high pitched voice called out from behind the stone walls. The storm's winds were strong and at first, Jan thought that he was mistaken. It was not until he heard the shout a second time that he ran for the gates to see who it was. He didn't care who it might be. He was just happy that another soul had ventured to find him. His heart thundered in his chest as he ran through the empty courtyard and finally to the barred wooden gate. He expected to see his long lost brothers waiting outside. It was not them.

This person was a warrior. That much he could tell from the look of the visitor. His stout figure sat upon a white panther mount which almost looked camouflaged against the snowy landscape. Its rider was clad in onyx and silver armor and he kept a steel Warhammer at his back. The luster of the silver filigree etchings on his breastplate and cuisses glittered in the faint sunlight, and gave him the appearance of a most spectacular deity come to save Jan from the tedium. 

Jan bowed at the warrior and the warrior nodded respectively. He wore no helm; instead a thick black shawl masked his face to keep the biting cold winds at bay. Jan stepped closer, but not too close lest he startle the warrior's beast. He had never seen a panther as big as this one and had only read about them in his books. This one seemed harmless under its master's weight, but he would take no chances.

"Welcome sir." he smiled. "How may I be of service?"

In response to his question, the warrior began to pull the shawl away from his face. Jan's eyes squinted against the armor's glare to better see the face of his visitor, and as the fabric fell away, he realized that his visitor was really a woman.

He had only seen a few women in his life, but none of them could ever compare to this one. She was lovely. She was of a darker complexion than he was and probably hailed from the southern regions of Cal'Duun. Another thing he'd read about in his books. Apparently this city was populated by dark vixens of an amicable nature and her pretty smile reflected the notion. Still, he knew that she was also gifted in the arts of war. Her weapon and the way she carried herself told the story of a powerful woman who could easily protect herself when put in harm's way. Her beast was the next clue of this prowess; for not many were able to tame the gigantic beasts, let alone turn one into a mount.

"Good day to you sir! Might I spend the night here? A storm is approaching and I won't be able to find any shelter for some time." she said, a light blue mist floating away from her warm mouth as she spoke.

Her voice was as lovely as her visage; soft and airy as a bird's song. As she waited for reply, she tucked a few strands of her violet hair behind her ears. She had pinned the locks back with silver clips, but the strong winds were making a mess of them. Still, she was as radiant as the moon goddess and Jan would serve her in any way he could.

He fought the thick lump in his throat and uttered a hoarse, "Of course my lady. You are welcome here."

She smiled sweetly at him and a chill ran through his body and down to his cock, stiffening the usually flaccid organ. For the first time in a long time he felt awake and alive. He held his hand out to help her down and she accepted with another pretty smile. On the ground she was at least a foot and a half shorter than he was, but he found that this minor detail did not take away from her air of majesty.

"Thank you for your kindness sir. It is a rarity to meet a kindhearted soul in these fierce lands."

"No need to thank me lady. It is my duty as a servant of Helvahr. These walls are protected by him and are a safe haven for all."

"Well sir, I am very grateful."

"Jan...please. I am no noble gentleman; just your humble servant, my lady."

"You are indeed a gentleman. More so than many who claim the title. My name is Nyah Velen. I don't mean to cause you any trouble but Yazra hasn't been fed since yesterday and I would see him taken care of first. Is there anything I can feed him? Meat perhaps?" she asked, as she stroked the panther's silvery fur.

"I only have salted fish stored inside. I hope that will suffice."

"That will be fine. Many thanks. It seems that we've found our saviour Yazra!" she exclaimed.

The beast looked to his mistress and growled approvingly at her, baring its wide jaw and razor sharp teeth. Jan backed up a little at the sight of this and probably looked more startled than he'd thought, because she giggled at his reaction. She had a lovely lighthearted laugh and it unexpectedly calmed his anxiety. 

"Yazra wouldn't hurt you. He can sense a friend in you. I'll take him to the stables if you would point the way."

"O-of course. Right this way." he stuttered, still lost in her beauty.

He led her to the stables which were a few meters away from the courtyard. It was and had always been empty since the others had gone. Still he took care of its upkeep and was glad that he did. It would have reflected badly on him if she was forced to keep her panther in an untidy stall.

Yazra seemed to appreciate the dry space and settled down on all fours against a few bales of hay. Even then he was three feet taller than Jan, but he seemed to be a gentle creature under Nyah's care. She retrieved one of her satchels from Yazra's side and removed her leather gloves to search its contents. While one hand matched the colour of her tawny skin, the other was extremely pale; almost as white as the stone walls of the monastery. 

She fished out three gold coins and presented them to Jan with the pale hand. He was too perplexed to say anything, but soon realized that he was being rude.

"I'm a mage." she explained. "My hand has power over the natural elements. As I grow stronger my hand takes on this ashen colour. Don't be frightened. It is just the price I pay for pursuing sorcery."

"O-oh I-I didn't mean to stare." he stuttered, while smoothing back his ruffled brown hair. "I couldn't accept money from you my lady. I have no need for it."

"You are very kind but I insist. I'm sure you can find some use for it...and you can call me Nyah. I am no noblewoman either." she smiled as she pressed the cool coins into his palm.

He wasn't surprised at the contrast in temperature of each hand; the pale one was as frigid as the winter air. Still, it was soft and smooth once it came in contact with his hand and caused the hairs on his arm to rise.

He would have gladly stood there with her all night but he needed to calm his mind. The guilt of his attraction was setting in. As a monk, carnal desires were discouraged and frowned upon. Unfortunately what he now felt was beyond his control. He wanted to take her into his arms and hold her until the end of days...but that could never be. What would she want with a poor, lonesome monk? In all her exotic beauty, she could have anyone she wanted and deserved better than him.

He quickly shrugged off his fantasies and led her inside to the warm halls of the monastery. The grounds consisted of a two story stone building; each floor containing four bedrooms overlooking the square courtyard. The first level also housed a large dining hall connected to the storeroom and kitchen, a shrine room with an altar for worship, and a bathhouse on the left wing. Jan had remained in the same room after all these years, even though the others were bare. A few were conveniently located near the dining hall but he refused to lodge in them. He felt that it would be an act of disrespect towards his brothers' memory.

He gave Nyah the freedom to choose any room she liked, however. After all, her comfort was of the utmost importance to him. She asked where it was that he slept and not knowing what she could be thinking, he led her to his quarters. It was a tiny space fashioned with plain wooden furniture and a bronze chest. His bed was positioned next to the window and a number of books were piled next to it on the stone-grey floor. A bronze candelabra with melted candlewax encrusting its stem also stood at the foot of the bed and was his only source of light when reading in the darkness of night.

He'd gotten used to being alone and never expected to have anyone look in on where he slept. He loved to read and had gotten a bit sloppy but he quickly apologized to her for the mess. Nyah only smiled and asked to sleep in the room parallel to his. She reasoned that it would be lonely sleeping anywhere else and would prefer to have him close by.

His blue eyes lit up at the request and he gladly agreed to it. Even though he could never have such a beautiful woman in his bed, being near her would suffice. And so, he prepared the room for her comfort. 

***

"How is it that you're here all alone?" Nyah asked.

The two were seated at the dining table and supped on a meal of roasted salmon, baked potatoes and red wine. 

"My brothers and superior left on a pilgrimage to Helvahr's temple...but they disappeared. I don't know what became of them." he replied sadly.

"Oh...I am sorry if I..."

"It's alright. I've had time to come to terms with their loss. I'm sure you're wondering why I remain here in this secluded place. Although it is lonely I have nowhere else to go. I'm an orphan and was put into the care of the monks. This place has been my home ever since."

"Haven't you ever wanted to see what was beyond the mountains?" she asked.

"I have, but I promised to look after the monastery. Besides, it is dangerous out there, is it not? You carry weapons and you know magic. All of that gives the impression that one would need these things for protection. All I have are my prayers."

"Prayers can be just as powerful Jan. Have you lost faith in your god?"

"No...well...not entirely. He did send someone to me in the end." he smiled.

"You believe that my passing through here is by his will?" she asked with a tone that resounded both curiosity and disbelief.

"Yes. I was merely put through a trial." he replied in an assured tone.

"Supposing your brothers were killed...would that be part of his plan as well?"

Jan grew silent and thought for a moment. Before he could answer however, Nyah broke the silence with an apology.

"I'm sorry Jan. I've seen many things in my travels. The innocent always seem to suffer regardless of what faiths they hold dear. In a way I envy you. You have a beautiful home and a god who watches over you, whereas I am just a faithless wanderer. I hope that your brothers do come back to you. I do not believe the gods put me on this path but I'm happy to be here nonetheless." she said with sincerity. 

He smiled and nodded

"Why are you traveling through the mountains? If you don't mind my asking." he asked.

She smiled and looked down at her ashen hand in response to his question.

"I seek to become more powerful. Did you know that there is a school on the highest peak that overshadows this place? Up there are the supreme masters of the elements. They can summon great storms; snow and lightning with just the wave of a hand. I would like to learn what I can from them."

"I have heard stories...but I was told that their powers are only used for destruction. A contrast to what we believe great power should be used for."

"Like you I am an orphan, but I wasn't given a home like this or given to kind monks. I had to learn to defend myself from all sorts of bad people. I come from the district of Hallows Gale in the city of Cal'Duun. It is not the beautiful place that most people think it to be. It is run by murderers, thieves and all kinds of demonic evils. What I learn, I intend to use in my defense."

"My apologies. I didn't mean to offend you. My views of the world are very limited, living here all alone. I hope you will attain what you seek at the end of your journey."

"And what of your journey? Does it begin and end here?" she asked.

He was puzzled at the question, but deep down he knew that he did not want his journey to end here. Despite the warnings, there was so much he did not know and wanted to experience. He hated to think of his home as a prison but in essence he felt trapped. Still, he could not forsake the monastery. He'd given his word to Rolfan to look after it. But he did wish that he could journey with her. She possessed an intelligence that could never be attained from just reading books. His heart suddenly began to ache at the thought of her imminent departure.

"Jan? Are you alright?" she asked in a concerned tone.

"Yes...I was just thinking. How long do you plan to stay here?"

"As soon as the storm is over, I will take my leave. Why? Have I outstayed my welcome?" she said with a mischievous smile.

"No-no. On the contrary I would like if you stayed with me. I-I mean...I can restock your supplies and show you the safest route through the mountains."

She smiled bashfully as if she knew what he was really thinking. He wanted her to remain with him.

"I'd like that very much Jan. Thank you. Maybe it's just as well. Yazra and I have no home, really. We're constantly moving from place to place. It would be lovely to have a warm bed for a few nights."

"You are welcome to stay as long as you like." he smiled.

**

The hour had grown late and Jan bid Nyah goodnight. Before he headed to his room, he made sure to show her around. When he last saw her, she'd gone out to check on Yazra. The weather had grown considerably worse and might be unsettling to her mount, as she'd explained. 

A mixture of rain and hail pelted down on the rafters and it sounded as if a million tiny pebbles were simultaneously falling from the heavens. Jan loved the sound however, and began to wonder if the school's mages were the ones responsible for this storm. He hoped that it wouldn't last too long; otherwise the river might overflow and flood the grounds. That would not be good for him or his guests. 

It had happened once before, but at the time he wasn't alone. It took an entire month for the icy waters to recede and the earth was left a slippery and slushy mess. He remembered how he and the other boys used to splash and play in the icy puddles when they were young. It was a beautiful and nostalgic memory. One he would have liked Nyah to experience. From what she disclosed, he knew that she didn't have a very good childhood and he worried for her.

As he lay down against his pillows, his mind settled on his new visitor. He wondered if she liked him as well. Or was she only concerned with increasing her strength in the arts of magic? If only he had the means to protect the buxom beauty from danger. Only then would she be able to stay with him. It was unrealistic idea, but for him this thought was as beautiful as a bedtime fairytale. Nevertheless, he became lost in his fantasies and soon drifted off to sleep.

**

The loud, rumbling of thunder made the walls of Jan's room vibrate, waking him from a tranquil dream. He did not know how much time had passed but as he looked to the window, he saw that it was still pitch black outside. He lit the candelabra and headed for the door. He wanted to check on Nyah to make sure that all was well with her. He thought that she too might have been startled by the noise and wanted to assure her that the monastery was sturdy and wouldn't succumb to a meager hailstorm. 

He stepped out into the hallway and found that the door to her room was ajar. He gently knocked against the wooden door and waited for a response. There was none. He slowly opened the creaking door and saw that she was missing from the room. In fact, the bed hadn't even been touched. The grey sheets were still folded neatly over the mattress and the pillows had no indentations or wrinkles in their centers.
