 This story fits between Chapter's 3 and 4 of my Smithson story. You don't need to have read them to enjoy this. This story will be limited to two parts. This one is basically all sex. Enjoy. Look for more magic and thievery in the next one.




This is a story from the time of my grandfather's grandfather. In the ages past recorded memory and into the space between the birth of the world and stories of the oldest of our kin. In those days a man, named Aaron, was exiled from his village and wandered the wilderness looking for a new home. Aaron was the listless sort who never found any life outside of drink and women. Women. Women were Aaron's true weakness. Specifically other men's women. 

It was sleeping with the Chief's daughter that had been the last straw. Aaron was sure the dirty old bastard had been expecting to have her for himself. Instead, the old man had found Aaron cock deep in his fresh daughter not but an hour after her 18th year. In Aaron's mind it had been worth it for that fresh bit of honey and the look on the old man's face as he chased Aaron from the village. Aaron had started running with not but the shirt on his back and his fleet feet to carry him. 

Those fleet feet had carried him north and west. He had expected to reach the sea, but after days of journey brought him no sight of water nor the smell of salt, he began to steal. It was a necessary thing at first. Taking some clothing at the first farm he came across. Taking a cooling meat pie from a window sill at the next. Then it was sneaking into houses and filching what valuables could be found and selling them at the next house. The spaces were long enough between farm houses that the idea of neighbors was laughable and the expectation of friendliness to strangers was something that would get you killed.

Two weeks into his thieving Aaron came upon a strange site. In the cleared wilderness space where there should be a farm, instead, sat a single barrow. The raised, obviously man made, hillock sat square in the center of the clearing with five dead trees outlining the cleared space and the long barrow that bisected it. At the top of that hill was the final oddity. A single cottage perched in the clearing. The structure was ancient. The wood that made it consisted mostly of twigs and branches gathered from the nearby forest. None of it look crafted, merely collected and then laid out into the semblance of a cottage. If the wood wasn't greyed with age Aaron might have thought it had birthed its way right out of the barrow.

Aaron entered the clearing carefully. In the last weeks he'd learned some caution to go with his natural bravado. This place was not normal and like any of that time his head was filled with stories of barrow spirits, forest witches and hedge wizards. None of those stories had happy endings for the hapless fool who wondered into where he wasn't welcome. However, Aaron had been two days without food and the stream he had passed earlier today had not smelled well and the corpses of animals littered the ground around it. To find this place so close to that poisoned stream did not bode well, but Aaron had little choice to but look for food and water.

As he placed his foot on the grassy incline of the barrow, the collection of planks that seemed to represent a door, opened and a cloaked figure stepped out. It was hard to tell who or what the figure was. The person was covered head to toe with black fur. All of different animals yet somehow all naturally black, even the squirrel at the shoulders. The figure had to stoop to step out from the cottage. Aaron was standing, staring at the figure with one foot on the barrow and the other ready to turn and run. A single white hand emerged from black furs and a single white finger curled up to expose a red lacquered fingernail. The finger curled twice more then returned to the confines of the furs. The figure returned to the dark confines of the cottage, but the door did not close. 

Aaron took a moment to collect himself and let the tension ease out of his body through his feet. All the strange stories he'd heard as a kid came rolling back to him. More than a few told of the solitary cottage and the witch that surely lived there. As Aaron considered his options the rumbling of his stomach finally convinced him to take the risk he was dying to take anyway. An honest to gods witch was way too exciting to pass up. The fact that the skin on the hand he had seen had been smooth and soft and most certainly attached to a woman and not some old crone might also have played a part in his decision. 

Stepping into the darkened cottage he felt an instant increase in temperature. A fire burned in a pit on the floor. A cook pot sat above it, gurgling with some boiling stew popping and spewing out of it. The room was a rectangle. The walls all lined with various kinds of skins and fur, which were obviously responsible for the captured heat in the room. Aaron saw the cloaked figure sitting by the fire. The sitting figure had pulled some of the furs around her, exposing the most delicious set of legs Aaron had seen in months. Aaron felt himself stiffen in his stolen pants and he stepped further inside to cover the adjustment of his manhood. After moving close to the fire Aaron heard the distinct groaning of the door...closing itself. He didn't turn around to confirm his assumption. Instead he sat down and took another admiring gaze at the long milky legs of the figure opposite him. Aaron made his best smile and addressed the figure.

"Hello. I hope I'm not intruding on your...", the words died in his mouth as the figure pulled back more of the furs. The face that emerged was like nothing Aaron had seen before. The hair on her head was the black of the ravens. It peaked at the center of her forehead and cascaded down in waves behind her back. The solid black hair reappeared on eyebrows above forest green eyes that burned and sparkled in the light of the fire. Her nose was a thin pointed affair that aligned perfectly with the point of her hair line. The center line continued down into full red lips that curved into a smile at Aaron's obvious reaction to the removal of the fur. Perhaps this is what spurred her to shake the fur from her shoulders and reveal the rest of her body.

The fur fell away from supple shoulders that formed the strong frame supporting two spectacular breasts. The fullness of which belied the perkiness of the orbs. They almost seemed to float in front of her chest rather than being attached to it. Her body was thick and soft in all of Aaron's favorite places and it made for folds at all of the joints and bends that were just aching for a touch from Aaron's tongue. This was a woman. Not the girls he'd been used to sweet talking into a haystack or barn. Her eyes spoke of years of experience and delight the likes of which couldn't be none in the short span of his years. He might actually have licked his lips. 

"Are you...", she took a moment to look down at the growing disturbance between his legs then penetrated him by staring right into his eyes, "...hungry young man?"

Aaron stood and removed his shirt as he said, "Starving." A huge smile bloomed on his face as stood and stepped around the fire. She pulled the furs from around her waist and stretched out into them. Luxuriating into the furs she stared up at Aaron as he continued to remove his clothing. Her smile deepened and her gaze became more penetrating.

"Come and have your fill."

Aaron was now naked and kneeling before his new goddess. Her hands were gliding up from her hips and then stretched out above her head. Her face was a mask of expected pleasure and Aaron did not intend to fail her. He started at her feet. He took them into his hands and began to massage and stroke them. She closed her eyes at his touch and pushed her feet into his naked chest feeling at the curly thick hair of his chest. As Aaron's hands wandered down her legs he marveled at the smoothness of her skin. She had no hair or stubble to speak of; only the milky smooth skin that spread through the rest of her flesh. As his hands reached her knees his mouth had begun kissing at her toes and the soles of her feet. He began to lick instead of kiss and the purring noise from her chest made him move faster. 

Soon his hands met the tiny fold in her flesh where leg meets hip. He pressed there into the joints and she cooed as her legs stretched up his body and rested one on each side of his head. The motion brought Aaron's cock to peek from between her thighs. He kissed the inside of her thighs as she reached forward and stroked at his cock. Her soft fingers felt at the shaft she could reach. Her nails then lightly scratched at the joining of head and shaft. The sensation was electrifying and Aaron almost relented and ravished her immediately, but he was having too much fun with his teasing.

'Now now my lady. I've not had my fill of your bounty yet."

He dived down between her legs and buried his mouth into her waiting moist slit. The aroma was intoxicating and the juices sweet and salty on his tongue. His hands continued to run up and down her thighs and wonder at the smoothness of her skin all the way down from ankle to hip and then up underneath to the thickness of her ass. He took handfuls of her and used it to press her wetness tighter against his mouth and delving tongue. She was moaning now and her hands were rubbing around in his long hair. Her nails were scraping into his scalp and he used her reaction to guide his exploration into her deep pleasure. After a few minutes her moaning became a panting. Her panting became words of demand and pleas for release. Aaron smiled into her as he moved several fingers into her. He moved them quickly in and out of her as her words turned to something more animal. Grunts and cries escaped her full lips as her finger nails dug into his scalp. In a final push he sucked for all he was worth at the hard little nubbin at the top of her cunt and hammered his fingers into her as deep as they would go.

"Oh gods you beautiful man!", she cried as her legs came tight around his ears and her ass pulled itself up from the furs beneath them. Her body relaxed slowly as she came back to her senses. Aaron slid up her body, his tongue trailing along her midsection. When he reached her breasts he rolled right and stretched out beside her. He took his ease on the expansive furs, yet the softness of the fur was nothing to the softness of this amazing woman. He reached across her and fondled her left breast with his right hand while he began to suckle her right breast and nipple. She began to stroke his head as she continued to take deep breaths that moved her breasts beneath his fingers.

"You are a strange sort. I took you for just another lonely traveler looking to steal what's not nailed down, but here we lie and you've given more then taken so far this night. Have you no intention of using this?" She reached over and took his manhood by the root. It had waned some from the first of their encounter but with only a little ministration he was back to full mast.

"I think I've still some steam left for my own pleasure if you're still of a mind." Aaron smirked at her and was favored with a smile from this mysterious beauty. "Before I take my due, will you grace me with your name?"

"My name? You are a proper rogue then. Look around you and tell me if you see anything I have of value here besides this body and my name? I've offered you one and now you demand the other? Hmmmmm. Perhaps, but let us finish our first endeavor before we begin anew." All the while she had been stroking his cock to keep it at its fullest. She pulled him to her and laid a kiss on him. As they moaned into each other she rolled him onto his back and slid across to lay atop him. She pressed her breasts into his chest as she kept up their kiss. By now their tongues were circling each other and Aaron was almost content to kiss this women until he was dead. That was until he felt her wet fire slide around his cock.

She broke their kiss as a moan escaped her that sounded like the aching loins of the sky were filled with the cock of the world. This was pure ecstasy. As she rolled her hips and felt his manhood move within her she opened her mouth but no sound came out, just pure pleasure writhed its way across her countenance. Suddenly shaking herself from the experience a look of determination settled in. She planted her feet solidly at his sides and began to lift herself off of him. For inches and inches she traveled. The movement made at such a slow pace that Aaron began to think he might die from the loss of the extreme pleasure of being inside this woman. Then she slammed herself down and writhed again with Aaron filling her. Aaron reached out for her breasts and messaged and hefted the weight of her fleshy orbs. She opened her eyes and looked down on him with true affection.

"Prepare yourself my male. I've been known to....get carried away." With those words out of her she began to assault his cock. There can be no other word for the pounding she gave his manhood. She went from tip to root with every thrust of her body. After a few minutes she closed her eyes again and her slit began to gush with juices. A few minutes more and the juices were flying all around the room. Aaron could even hear some of it land with a sizzling into the fire behind them. The sensation on his cock at first was so strong it seemed to remove all feeling from him and could only try to withstand it. As it went on he felt sensation return, and then later some vitality. He began to try and meet her downward thrusts with his own upward ones. The meeting of their flesh was signaled with liquid slaps. Over and over they met in the space between them. When he could catch it, her body would block the fire and an aura of light seemed to surround her body. Her hands were all over her body pulling more pleasure for wherever it could be pulled or pinched from. Aaron's hands had settled at her waist to drive more and more power into their thrusts. Finally she pressed down on him with all her strength and opened her mouth with another silent scream. The clenching muscles of her cunt pushed him over the edge and he emptied himself into her. As she writhed above him it seemed that she was almost drawing more and more from him with each heavy squirt from his seed into her body. 

Between gasping breaths of air she whispered to him, "I am Xia. It seems you've taken all I have rogue."

"I'd return it all for another roll in these furs." He pulled her head down and kissed her again, and though the ecstasy was gone from the last kiss, this one retuned some vigor to his cock still buried within her. As he rolled her over she loosed a thick and bawdy laugh.

As he began to move inside her again she said, "You are bold my rogue. I wonder if I might find some regular work for you."

"Oh my lady I have not been one to look for gainful employment, but here...", he emphasized with a slow thrust into her, "I might find my masterwork." Her laughter filled the night. 

"Truly rogue you may be my death and rebirth, but let us talk of tomorrow whenever it finds us." Aaron did not reply for he was lost in the folds of his desire and instead tasted of the flesh of her neck and set his hands to work finding every delicious crevice of her body. He gave no thought of tomorrow, for that is the way of rogues and Aaron would soon be the greatest of them all. Thus began the journey of Aaron Firethief, first of my mother's line.