 Ch. 3 -- The Sorcerer's Apprentice

"I'm... a sorcerer?!"

"That is correct, David. My friend would not have taken to you as he did were you not," Merlin chuckled.

"This... this is crazy..."

"You do not believe me?"

"No!" Dave exclaimed. "I am a man of science! I believe in what can be perceived through our senses and confirmed with consistent testing. How am I supposed to throw all that away and believe in sorcery?!"

"And what makes you think that the two are not connected?" Merlin grinned.

"What do you mean?"

"Do you think that I am not a man of science? In fact, I daresay that every sorcerer through history has been enamored with the sciences and the nature of the universe. It is only natural, given the intellect and curiosity a sorcerer must have."

"Even so, we come from different times, Merlin. Things have changed in over a thousand years."

"Ah... you think my primitive upbringing a hindrance to what I can accept as fact," Merlin surmised.

"N-no, that is not what I-"

"It is alright, I take no offense. However, you are quite mistaken in that, and I can prove it to you."

"How?"

"Tell me, what would you say is man's most remarkable accomplishment in the millennium to come?" Merlin asked.

"Well... we have managed to travel to the moon," Dave said.

"Fascinating... traveling to a celestial body. I suppose in order to accomplish this, man had to first learn to fly, is that correct?"

"Yes," Dave replied, a bit surprised at how astute Merlin's mind was.

"Tell me, what means of flight did man develop?"

"Primarily, we use vehicles capable of flight. They are essentially horseless carriages with wings on them, though the wings do not flap," Dave explained.

"No need to dumb it down for me, David. Tell me of the science behind it!"

"Um, ok... oh, I have an idea!" David reached over to his backpack, pulling out a die cast of a 747 airplane that he had used in yesterday's lecture. "This is a model of what we call an aircraft. Do you see the shape of the wing here?"

"Yes, it appears to have a very specific curvature," Merlin noticed.

"Exactly. Now an aircraft must be capable of traveling at incredibly fast speeds in order to fly, and the bigger it is, the higher the speed requirement will be. When it travels at those high speeds while maintaining a straight trajectory, the air around it passes over the wing. This is where that curvature comes into play. The shape of the wing causes the air to move differently on either side of it, creating a pocket of high pressure below the wing and low pressure above the wing. This principle is what creates lift and allows a vehicle such as this to fly through the air."

"I see," Merlin replied. "So taking into account the principle you have just described..."

Merlin waved his hand over the model plane. As he did so, the stone in his pendant began to glow red, as if it was charging energy within it. Before Dave's eyes, Merlin began to manipulate the air surrounding the plane, creating a tiny wind tunnel. After a moment or two, the plane lifted off the table, hovering in the air for a few seconds before the wind died down.

"Woah... you just replicated the Bernoulli principle!"

"Bernoulli?"

"Oh, the scientist who initially made this discovery."

"Ah, I see. But yes, while it would have been quite easy for me to levitate this object, I instead wanted to demonstrate one of the most basic forms of sorcery: the manipulation of the elements. In this case, wind."

"Wow... but how does this help us in finding a way for me to return home?"

"Is it not obvious? You must learn sorcery, David! Remember, I have used my power to travel through time before, and I can eventually teach you to do the same."

"But did you not say that a sorcerer can only travel into the past?" David asked.

"No, I said that a sorcerer must be able to clearly envision the time in which he wishes to travel to. I cannot travel into the future because it is beyond my comprehension. But you have intimate knowledge of the future, as it is your own time, and I hypothesize that this familiarity will allow you to travel home, once you master the magic required, of course."

"Then we should get started! What must I do to travel through time?"

"Patience, David. Time travel is the most difficult form of magic to master, one with disastrous results should it be performed incorrectly. Without proper mastery, you could end up spreading your molecules across many different times. In order to reach this level, you must undergo the rigors of my training. There will be no shortcuts, and I shall not go easy on you, David. But as best I can find, this is your only hope of returning home. Do you accept these terms?"

Dave's throat went dry as he swallowed hard. This seemed like an enormous responsibility, but if it was his only chance of returning home, he saw little other choice.

"I do."

With a snap of his fingers, Merlin sent the table and chairs flying into the corner of the room, and the book that was on it levitating over to a nearby podium. The main floor of the workshop now clear, Merlin summoned up an immense amount of magical power. Soon, a green circle appeared on the floor, containing a pentagram within it, and Merlin stepped within the circle.

"Come."

Dave's hands were trembling as he walked into the circle, face-to-face with Merlin.

"David of Brighton, you possess within you the capacity for enormous good. I, Merlin, the mightiest of all sorcerers, do hereby swear to devote my life to your training. From this day forth, you are to be... my apprentice."

Merlin extended his hand, and Dave grasped it firmly. The green light surrounding them suddenly disappeared in a brilliant flash. Soon, all was quiet once more.

"It is done. This now belongs to you, David," Merlin said, gesturing to the thick book on the podium.

"What is it?"

"This is your Incantus; your guidebook to all things sorcery. This book contains every known spell and ability a sorcerer can use. It is your most precious possession, second only to the ring you now wear."

"The ring? Why is it so special?"

"That stone is called a Channel. It is what will allow you to focus your mind to the levels needed to bend the laws of nature through magic. Guard it with your life, for without it, you are powerless."

"Powerless?"

"Indeed. Without my pendant, even I, the greatest sorcerer in the world, would be unable to perform my feats of wonder."

"How should I guard it? What security measures should I take?"

"We shall go into that later. For now, let us begin your first lesson. Are you ready?"

"Ready."

"Good. Now, there are two primary kinds of sorcery we can use, David. The first is when we manipulate things in the world around us. The second is when we manipulate the energy and power within ourselves. The latter of these is quite advanced, so we shall begin with something simple." With a wave of his hand, the Incantus flipped through its pages, landing somewhere in the middle of the book.

"Let me see... combustion?" Dave asked, reading the pages of the book.

"Indeed. You are a man of science, yes? What causes an object to combust into flames?"

"Well, it requires a fuel and an oxidant."

"Yes, but on a more molecular level, David," Merlin pressed.

"Um... the combination of the fuel and oxidant causes a chemical reaction, ultimately resulting in the molecules vibrating so much that they burst into flame," Dave said.

"Precisely," Merlin said. Placing a bit of parchment on the floor between them, he continued, "I want you to cause this parchment to burn."

"How?"

"There are three things you must do. First, empty your mind of all thoughts. Second, focus your mind singularly upon your goal. Third, allow your willpower to take over and will the molecules of the parchment to vibrate until they combust. Try."

Taking a deep breath, Dave reached out his hand towards the parchment. He found that the first step was perhaps the most difficult of all. Dave's mind was always running a mile a minute, analyzing everything around him. After a few moments, he believed he had managed to clear his mind enough, and now began focusing on his goal, imagining the parchment on fire.

Come on... come on, come on, come on!

Dave's breathing became more labored as he attempted to focus on the molecules of the parchment. He had no idea if his willpower was taking over or if he was just giving himself a seizure. For what seemed like ages, he focused on the parchment, reaching for anything that would allow him to manipulate the particles within it. At last, the stone on his ring began to glow a faint blue, and Dave started to feel a bond of some sort with the parchment. Giving himself over to that feeling, he focused every bit of his mind until a spark appeared on the corner of the parchment, starting a small flame.

"Ah! Haha! I did it!" Dave screamed.

"Impressive," Merlin said, extinguishing the flame with a wave of his hand. "Again."

Dave focused once more, managing to produce similar results in a shorter amount of time. While his first attempt had taken upwards of fifteen minutes, he managed to achieve combustion in only five minutes this time around. The flame was still tiny, though, and Dave tried intensifying his concentration on his third attempt, managing to produce a flame that engulfed half the parchment. Almost as soon as Merlin had extinguished that flame, Dave was able to conjure up another that burned up the rest of the parchment.

"Oh wow... this is so cool!"

"You are progressing quite fast, I must say," Merlin grinned. "Now on to your next lesson: water, or more accurately, liquidity. Tell me of your understanding of this state of matter?"

"Well, molecules in liquid form are quite similar to when they are in a gaseous form, such as fire. They vibrate and are in constant motion, but comparatively slower and more in control while in a liquid form."

"Indeed." Merlin now placed an empty bowl on the floor. "What do you see in this bowl, David?"

"Nothing."

"Yes, but does that mean that there is nothing within the bowl?"

"Umm... there is oxygen all around us."

"Precisely! While it is impossible for a sorcerer to create matter of any sort out of nothing, it is possible to manipulate matter that already exists. This includes the most basic particles of the universe. Now, see if you can use this information to fill this bowl with water."

Dave pondered for several minutes. He knew that his summation of oxygen being all around them was key, but how to use it? Of course, water was made up of two hydrogen atoms and a single oxygen atom, but how to introduce hydrogen to the mix? Getting a crazy idea, Dave worked to clear his mind and focus on the air within the bowl. After a few moments, he began to connect to the oxygen, and focused on splitting some of those oxygen atoms, creating eight hydrogen atoms from each. With great effort, he then willed those hydrogen atoms to combine with the remaining oxygen atoms. A moment later, the bowl was filled to the brim with clear water.

"Incredible..."

"Most impressive, David. You are learning to use what you already know of the universe in conjunction with your new talents. Now that you have learned how to conjure water, you can begin to manipulate and control it."

Focusing his mind once more, Dave began to bond with the water he had just created. He found that it was quite easy to anticipate the natural flow of the water molecules, and began to exert more influence over them with each passing moment. Once he was in full control of the liquid, he flicked his wrist and brought every last drop of water out of the bowl, floating in the air in the shape of a ball. Dave moved the ball around for a bit, spinning it a couple of times, before he had to drop it back into the bowl with a splash.

"Wow... that's... more tiring... than I thought... it'd be..." Dave panted.

"Fear not. Soon, your body will become accustomed to this feeling, and using sorcery will be as nothing to you. Are we ready to continue?"

Dave stretched his arms for a moment before replying, "I think so."

"Excellent. Now for the complete opposite of your first lesson in fire: ice, or rather, solidifying objects. Where you previously learned to connect with the molecules and force them to vibrate, now you must take those molecules and put them at rest."

"Ok... do I need to worry about the temperature to cause the water to freeze? It seems rather warm in here."

"No, for once you decrease the movement of the water molecules, this action will naturally drop the temperature. Now, begin."

For the third time, Dave connected with the water molecules he had created, now becoming quite familiar with them. He first bonded with their natural vibrations, as he had done moments before, but soon began to force their movements to slow. As he did so, Dave could feel the temperature begin to drop. At last, he opened his eyes, seeing that the bowl had completely frozen over.

"You have such a natural talent for this. Truly, you were meant for this power, David," Merlin marveled. "Very good, one last lesson before we should rest."

"One of the other elements?" Dave asked.

"Indeed, and perhaps the most useful of the elements in any given situation: wind. The key to controlling wind is direction. You need not create or conjure it, as you did with water and fire, for air is all around us. You must simply take complete command of its speed and direction, as you saw me do earlier."

Dave took to the element of wind quite easily, managing to blow a steady stream of air in Merlin's face right away. Within ten minutes, he was able to increase the speed up to what would have been deadly levels, had Merlin not had his own sorcery to protect himself. He experimented for another twenty minutes, becoming familiar with changing the direction of the wind, even managing to create a small cyclone once or twice. After a while, he slumped down onto the floor, exhausted yet invigorated.

"This is... beyond anything I ever thought possible!" Dave said with a laugh.

"And we have but scratched the surface of what you are capable of, David. I will not be so bold as to say that anything is possible through sorcery, but I will say that your talent with magic will be most formidable when combined with your intellect and imagination."

At that moment, a knock came at the door.

"Enter," Merlin replied.

"Good morning, old friend," Arthur said with a grin.

"Arthur, what brings you down to my lonely workshop?"

"Lonely? Hah! It is like a second home to me!" he replied, giving his friend and mentor a warm hug. "So tell me, is it as you suspected with our new friend?"

"Indeed, it is. David has the same talent that I possess, perhaps even more so! In but a few short hours of work, he has already demonstrated proficiencies that it took me days to master in my youth. Watch. David, would you be so kind as to gather us some chairs and a table to sit at?"

"Huh? Oh, of course!"

Dave focused on a trio of chairs and a smaller square table in one corner of the workshop. One-by-one, he floated each over to the center of the room on a gentile cushion of air, setting the chairs down in front of the three men. By the time he had brought the table over, Arthur's mouth was agape with wonder.

"My God... David, you truly learned all this in only this morning?!"

"It is true, though I must say that Merlin is a wonderful teacher," Dave replied.

"Ah, I can attest to that, my friend," Arthur chuckled. "He was hard on me in my youth, but every lesson he taught me came with a purpose."

"You are both very kind," Merlin sighed with a smile.

"Your Highness, it is actually good that you have come today. I would speak with you about something," Dave said.

"Of course!"

Dave considered his words carefully before deciding to tell Arthur a half-truth to get to the point of what he wanted to say.

"You see... last evening, I was standing on the balcony of my room, enjoying the sunset. While I was out there, I heard crying coming from somewhere nearby. I saw Madeleine in the room next to mine. She was slumped over her bed, clearly hurt and lonely. Your Highness, she is in pain, and I know it must be from the instructions you have given the both of us."

Arthur lowered his head, saying, "Believe me, it pains me as much as it does her, perhaps more so. She has done nothing wrong in this, yet she is locked up as if a prisoner."

"I believe it goes deeper than that. Your Highness, she is terrified for her future. She is afraid that you would be unable to pay her dowry, that she is destined for the life of a prostitute. Please tell me this will not happen!" Dave pleaded.

Arthur sighed. "I will speak plainly, David. The war with Mordred does not go well. His forces are powerful and determined. As they continue to attack the surrounding villages, my army has been spread very thin. It has become quite an expensive endeavor to combat his growing influence, and as such, I do not have the funds to pay Madeleine's dowry, even in my station as King. Certainly, I could take what I needed from the peasants, but I have never needed to do so in my entire life, and I shall not do so now!"

"I would never expect you to do such a thing, but where does that leave Madeleine?" Dave pressed.

"As difficult as the situation is, be assured that I would never condemn her to the life of a prostitute. I would dishonor her father's name in doing so. But if I am unable to pay her dowry, or find a suitor willing to take her without one, the only possible solution I can think of would be to send her to a convent."

"A convent? Make her a nun?"

"Indeed. It would be a quiet, lonely life for her, but she would live the rest of her days in safety and in the service of God the Almighty."

That's better than a prostitute, but still not a solution, Dave thought to himself.

"David, I believe this conversation now begs the question: how do you know of these fears she has?" Arthur asked warily.

"As I said, I heard her crying in her room last evening," Dave answered, worried that Arthur might be on to him.

Arthur slapped his palms on the table with a thud. "David, one does not become King of the Britons by being a fool. You have disobeyed my orders and spoken with her, yes?"

Swallowing hard, Dave knew the jig was up. "I... I have."

"I see. It appears you are not as trustworthy as you have led me to believe."

In the blink of an eye, Arthur stood and overturned the table in a fit of anger, leaving nothing between Dave and him. Before Dave could react, Arthur had kicked him square in the chest, sending him to the floor on his back.

"What the hell?!" he cried out.

"You were warned what consequences would befall you for such foolish actions!" Arthur roared. "I trusted you, David, and you have betrayed that trust!"

Arthur drew Excalibur from his belt, raising it over his head. As he prepared to slice Dave in half, the sword began to emit a faint, golden glow, and it stopped its own momentum inches from Dave's head. Arthur struggled against his weapon, but to no avail.

"Why will you not strike?! Excalibur, what is the meaning of this?!"

"The meaning should be clear," Merlin said in a calm voice, still seated in his chair. "David's actions appear to be justified, as far as Excalibur is concerned."

"And what justification could you have?" Arthur seethed.

"I am only looking out for Madeleine's best interests," Dave insisted.

"That is my responsibility, not yours," Arthur countered.

"Perhaps, but none understand the danger she faces better than I do," Dave replied, picking himself up off the ground. "Your Highness, she is affected by the events of yesterday more than any of us; she lives when she is not supposed to. Because of this, I believe she deserves to know the truth. Who I am, where I come from, and what should have happened to her according to history."
