 For those who remember me from The Bra Salesman story, I mentioned at the end I had an idea for a sci-fi story. That was three and a half years ago, and I've slowly whittled away at this. If I had unlimited budget and special effects for a porn movie, this is the movie I would love to see. I hope you enjoy it as well.

-BR

*

The stars hung over him like a glittering, dark blanket that he wondered, or perhaps hoped, would smother him. Adam was leaning against the side door of his worthless, piece of shit car staring at his cell phone. For the past month, every time he had looked at the Change Oil light on his dashboard and kept driving, he knew he was delaying the inevitable day his car would collapse from neglect. Now that it had finally happened on this night,of all nights, however, he felt as though the car had intentionally betrayed him.

The week had started with him oversleeping yet again, so by the time he arrived at work, his supervisor had already provided some empty boxes for him to pack his things. He spent the next couple of days in his apartment depressed and playing video games, but not too loud so that the asshole landlord wouldn't realize he was home and demand the past two months of rent he hadn't paid. 

As bad as the week had started, tonight was even worse since this was the agreed upon evening he was to get the last things out of his ex-girlfriend's house. They had broken up a week and a half ago after yet another fight, so pointless that he could no longer remember the offense. Even though she was the one who decided to end it, he was actually relieved. When he arrived at her house, however, his box was already on the front stoop underneath the porch light that was the only light on at the empty place. 

As he took the box back to his car, he felt surprisingly disappointed in this anti-climactic finish. It's not that he wanted to get back together with her, he had just thought it would be different, that something... he didn't even know what. That's always been his problem. In every relationship, he always ended up resenting the other person for not knowing him or what he wanted. Looking at this box of the debris of his latest relationship, he realized he was asking others to understand who he was when he didn't have the slightest clue himself. His ex-girlfriend accused him of shielding his heart so much that he couldn't really love anyone else, and as defensive as he had gotten, he knew she was right. No, he didn't want her back now, since there was nothing left there in their relationship beyond the sparks of their initial dates. But he had to admit, at least to himself, how unfair he had been to her.

Instead of driving straight home, which of course he should have done, he had decided to take a late-night drive into the mountains. Being out in the moonlight surrounded by trees and nature had always had a soothing effect on him no matter his mood. He never grew tired of standing under the stars and contemplating the majestic beauty of a trillion swirling stars around a supermassive black hole amongst the countless galaxies. Staring into the incomprehensible vastness of space filled him with awe, with boundless wonder, and with a perspective about the relative unimportance of his problems. However, in retrospect, this drive was probably just a futile attempt to have any type of feeling about anything at all. It was on the way up to one of his favorite overlooks along the winding mountainous road that his shitty car decided to stop working. The stars that had filled him with awe now merely flickered overhead with indifference. 

Adam stared at his phone trying to figure out who to call. He had some acquaintances he hung out with every so often, but no one he felt he could call at eleven-thirty at night to pick his sorry ass up out in the middle of fucking nowhere. He hadn't been to his karate class in over a year, due to his continuing financial predicament, so he barely remembers anyone's name. He became self-consciously aware that no one gave a shit about him, not even his parents. His mom died years ago when he was in middle school and he hadn't spoken to his dad, who had been distant ever since, in years. His father definitely would not appreciate any phone call from his good-for-nothing son now, especially while watching whatever crappy late night, basic cable reality show he undoubtedly was watching. 

Adam opened his tattered wallet to confirm what he already knew. The four pitiful dollars peeking out were nowhere near enough to afford a tow truck. He certainly wasn't going to ask his ex for help, wherever the fuck she might be, and give her the opportunity for a condescending rant about what a humongous fuck-up he was.

He looked up again at the night sky and breathed in the muggy, summer air that smelled as though it would fill with rain at any given moment. And that, he told himself, would just be the perfect fucking ending to a completely shitty day. He would never seriously consider suicide, but as he looked down over the edge of the hill down into a dark, seemingly-endless series of bushes and trees, he understood why some might want to just take one step and surrender to oblivion.

He heard a few muffled explosions off in the distance, and he squinted into the black sky to see where they might be coming from. He heard the sound of a helicopter somewhere increasing in volume, and off to his right, he saw one particular star become larger and larger until he realized it wasn't a star at all. He had no idea what the light was but watching it veer in impossible angles made him confident it sure as shit wasn't any aircraft. 

The ball of greenish light was bearing down on him, and he dove behind his car as the light landed twenty yards down the road from him. The explosion ricocheted in his head as a huge cloud of dust and debris enveloped him. Even through the ringing in his ears, he could hear the roar of a helicopter pass over him and swing up and over the next hill.

Adam was hacking and coughing, trying unsuccessfully to wave dust away from his face, as he staggered down the road toward the center of the explosion. He couldn't see two inches in front of him, which is why he stumbled over the edge of the shallow crater that had just been created in the middle of the road. He rolled along the bottom of the hole and bumped into something. 

He reached out and felt something like warm skin. As he kept frantically waving the dust away, he could see from the shadowy outline that there was a person, unmoving and undoubtedly dead, in the center of the crater. "Great," he muttered to the corpse, "as if I really need this shit."

When the other person coughed, he jumped back. Who the fuck could possibly survive that big of a fall onto solid asphalt? With another high-pitch cough, he realized the person was female and he went to what he thought was her torso and reached out to shake her shoulders. What his hands found instead were two massive breasts, and as his fingers rubbed against her nipples, he realized she was topless. He knew he should remove his hands, but her flesh was so soft and his fingers sank into her mounds as if they belonged there forever.

When she groaned, he pulled his hands back and, this time careful to avoid her large bosoms, he grabbed her shoulders and lightly shook her. "Lady? Are you ok?" The dust was settling now, and he could make out her face. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on. Her eyes, even closed, were larger than any he'd seen, and her tiny nose dipped down towards her luscious red lips. Her skin had a greenish tinge that reminded him of a fresh leaf in early spring bursting to life. Her hair was a deep burgundy like the burning embers of a fire that radiated nothing but pure heat. 

Now he could see that she was completely naked, other than two maroon boots that shone like latex with a large pad on each knee and the massive rings on most of her fingers. Her sinewy muscles curved along her svelte, gorgeous figure with two perfect, enormous breasts swaying on her chest. She coughed again without opening her eyes.

The sound of a helicopter racing by overhead jolted him to his senses, and he shook her harder this time. "Hello? Are you ok?" 

As he shook her, her eyes sprung open and she immediately grabbed his throat. She was a little shorter than him and her arms were smaller than his but her grip was as tight as a steel claw and he thought he might pass out from lack of air.

"I will not go back!" she shouted while clenching her fingers tighter. 

His eyes rolled up into his head as he croaked, "Wh...?"

"Do not play games with me, I..." but then she stopped and looked him over. "You do not wear the uniform of your comrades. Who are you?" she said abruptly.

"I'm" he sputtered, rasping and trying to breathe unsuccessfully, "I'm Adam." 

He felt the world spin around and his vision grew blurry. Right before he blacked out, he heard her ask, "You are an atom?"

He must have only lost consciousness for a second, since she was just releasing her grip on his throat as his eyes fluttered open. He put his hand on his neck, just to ensure that his head was in fact still secured to the rest of his body.

She looked at him nervously, "I apologize for grabbing you. I did not know if you were with them." The helicopter passed overhead and she suddenly looked at him pleadingly, "Can you get me out of here?"

"Who?" he started to say, but it came out like more of a low, guttural belch than a word. He cleared his throat and started over, "Who are you? And who is after you?"

"Will you help me or not?" she demanded.

"Sure, I'd love to, but my car isn't working, so were both out of luck." He gestured down the road toward the useless scrap of metal that only in the most vague, generic sense could now be considered an actual car.

She bolted up and ran to the automobile. Adam watched as every taut muscle on her flawless body moved in perfect synchronization, and her hair swaying from side to side was like being able to watch the air itself move. 

She ran in front of the car and placed her hands on the hood. He made it to his feet and began walking to her so he could explain to her what a hopeless, crappy car it was, when all of a sudden the engine loudly revved to life as though it had been reborn as a jet engine. He staggered forward unable to believe what he just saw, "How?" was about all he could mutter. 

"Will you help me or not?" The helicopter suddenly appeared over them with a big spotlight shining down on the crater. Adam started running when the spotlight diverted over to him. 

As he scrambled into the driver's side, the woman opened the door to the backseat and slammed the door behind her. When he heard the sounds of gunfire hitting the asphalt and shattering his back window, he floored the gas pedal and the car shot down the road.

He couldn't believe that he was sitting in the same car that could barely function less than an hour ago. Now the car seemed to have the power of a NASCAR racing vehicle, and he was amazed at how well it could maneuver and cling to the curvy road as they went barreling down the road at a dangerously high speed.

He shouted, "Who are those people?" but the strange, naked woman in his back seat looked at him confused and he figured the engine was too loud for her to be able to hear anything. Even so, Adam could hear the rotors of the helicopter above him and see the spotlight swerving around trying to keep its light on him. More gunfire seemed to zip by the car, and Adam drove the car in and out of his lane erratically so as not to give them an easy target. In the darkness, he couldn't tell who was flying above him but he certainly wasn't about to slow down and politely ask.

"Shit!" he screamed. Ahead, Adam could see the silhouette of a large truck heading towards him driving straight down the middle of the road so there was no room to get around it. The helicopter was right on his ass, and gunfire continued to erupt around him. He looked into the rear view mirror to let her see his eyes and how sorry he was that he couldn't help her out.

What he saw, however, was her looking out the back window, or rather the hole that used to be his back window. She waved her hand and a few of her rings shone brightly. Next thing he knew, the helicopter exploded, swerved off course wildly, and disappeared over the hill. Within seconds he heard an explosion and saw a fiery plume of smoke erupt in the distance. 

The woman swatted some glass off the back window ledge and then climbed out the window so she was sitting on the trunk while her torso was outside and on the roof. He looked ahead at the immense truck, and he saw the unmistakable markings of American military camouflage. "Goddamn it," he whispered to himself.

He was about to slam on his brakes and surrender when all of a sudden a bolt of red energy from the roof of the car beamed into the front left tires of the truck. The undercarriage of the truck exploded causing the truck to tip over on its side and scrape along the edge of the road. Adam closed his eyes as he sped into the explosive cloud, creating a rolling swirl of orange and black heat as they zipped by the damaged truck.

The road was straightening out more as they raced into the outskirts of the city. By now, she had climbed back into the car and was looking at him appreciatively. Or maybe it was a smug look of self-congratulation; at 85 miles an hour, it was hard to read her right now.

After another mile or so, he slammed the brakes and turned off the main road down a side street to a dark office complex that was empty for the night. He threw the door open and began shaking and shouting, "Who the fuck are you? And why is the fucking military after you?"

She opened the door and calmly walked up to him. As he watched her saunter up to him, her naked body lit only by the moon hiding behind a high altitude cloud, she was smiling at him. "Thank you for helping me." 

"Uh... sure" he stammered. Seeing the erect nipples and jigging breasts on her beautiful, bare body had a way of easing his temper.

She stopped right in front of him and said, "I would like to thank you now."

Before he could respond, she unzipped his pants and went down on her knees, pulling his pants and boxer shorts down in the process. She opened her mouth wide and put her luscious lips around his erect cock. She bobbed her head up and down, sliding her lips along his stiff shaft, and he moaned in appreciation. He could feel her tongue swirl around him as the head of his cock throbbed inside her throat. Her face was pressed against his pubic hairs and scrotum, and he was amazed at how she was able to swallow the entire length of his cock. 

As her rhythm quickened, her head was thumping against his groin every time he thrust inside her mouth, and he could see her entire naked body shuddering with each impact. Her mouth was so soft and wet, and the way she sucked hard on his cock as she shoved him deep down her throat was unlike anything he had ever felt before. She grabbed his buttocks and dug her fingers into his ass so that she could pound her face even faster and harder into his body.

It took little more than a minute for him to be ready to climax and he moaned as he felt cum erupt in her mouth. As she held his cock firmly inside her lips, he could feel her swallowing all of his jism as she lightly glided her teeth along his shaft to coax the last remaining drops of spunk out of him.

She licked his cock a few times before she stood up in front of him and smiled. He panted, "Why... why did you do that?"

She seemed confused by the question. "I was saying thank you."

"THAT's how you say thank you?"

"Of course! Do you prefer another way?"

"Uh, like a handshake or, I don't know, saying 'thank you'?"

"Hrmm," she pondered for a moment, "that does not seem near as enjoyable as how we do it on my planet." 

"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!" He took a couple of steps backwards "What do you mean 'your planet'? What the fuck is going on?"

She wiped a single drop of cum off her bottom lip and rubbed it between her fingers. "I crashed on your planet many days ago and have been held captive by your military until tonight when I was finally able to escape. And now I need to find a way home. Will you please help me?"

His head was spinning from the myriad thoughts of discovering another alien species, of his own military holding an alien captive, and of his desire to help someone in distress, but he also couldn't help feeling the lustful desire to get another blowjob from an alien with big tits. "Uh... sure... I guess."

"Thank you!" she said with a giddy laugh. She reached down and grabbed his limp, spent cock, and he felt as though his groin had become infused with several gallons of caffeine. His cock became instantly hard in her fingers, even stronger than before, which was amazing considering it usually took at least half an hour after cumming before he could even attempt to have sex again.

She hopped on top of the hood and spread her legs apart so that he could get a complete look at her pussy. He barely knew anything about human biology, let alone understanding a new alien life form, but from his vantage point staring at the wetness in her cunt, everything looked about the same as human females. He stammered, "Y'know, you've already... uh, thanked me."

"I thanked you for driving me away from my captors." She put her hands behind her back and leaned back a little so that her gigantic breasts jutted out further. "Now I want to thank you for agreeing to help me." 

His mind raced with thoughts that this could all be a set up, that he was going to end up as her next meal, or maybe this was the first phase in conquering the planet, or she might erase his mind so that someone else could take over his body. Maybe this would accidentally introduce some horrible alien disease into the human population that would ravage the planet. Those thoughts, however, were mere fleeting notions overwhelmed by the curiosity of what it would feel like to fuck her gorgeous, green body.

As he pressed his body against hers, she was shaking her chest with delight and making her massive tits sway from side to side. She spread her legs further as he leaned into her. When he pressed his lips against hers, however, she jolted back as if she had gotten shocked. She eyed him scrupulously for a few seconds, but then she leaned in and lightly put her lips onto his for a brief second. She looked down at his mouth confused but smiling, so that when he leaned in to kiss her again for a long time, she welcomed his tongue into her mouth.

He put his hands on her breasts and squeezed her erect nipples between his fingers, which made her moan appreciatively. His tongue explored every corner of her mouth, and she giggled when she returned the favor. His fingers sank into the soft flesh of her tits, and he marveled at how velvety her skin felt.

She reached down and found his stiff cock so that she could guide him into her crotch. He pushed himself into her cunt, then she clenched him tightly with her groin and pulled him deep inside her as she lay down on the car hood.

With his hands still firmly holding onto her large breasts, he held her body steady as he pumped in and out of her. She put her hands on top of his and squeezed her tits harder than he ever thought would be comfortable for her. He rocked back and forth so that his body slapped against hers, and she groaned in ecstasy.

He had millisecond-flashes of images rush through his brain that he couldn't make them out, which was very distracting as he kept fucking her slowly. He felt a few scattered rain drops fall down on him, and he watched as the light rain made her olive skin moist. Then he felt himself be pulled inside her again and again at a much quicker pace by her groin muscles so he adapted to the new rhythm. Her body shook as he thrust into her harder, and he had to clench his fingers buried in her tits to keep himself upright.
