 Adam opened his eyes as the sun's rays, barely peeking over the horizon, shone in through the blinds on his window. Normally he could sleep through most anything, including the glaring morning light, but today he woke up far earlier than usual. He wanted to believe it was from the excitement of the previous night and not the nagging suspicion rattling around in the back of his head all night that perhaps the woman, the alien he reminded himself, now in his room was capable of reading his mind.

She was deep in slumber, or at least he assumed so since he didn't actually know how, or if, her species slept. He gazed at her with her head on his chest, her massive breasts nuzzled into his side, and one of her legs wrapped around his. In the dusty orange haze of dawn, she was even more beautiful than ever. Had she been human, he would have considered himself far luckier than he deserved. But she was not human, so his doubts began to swirl around inside his chest as her head moved faintly in time the undulation of his breathing.

He had only been staring at her for a few minutes before her shoulders tensed up into a stretch. She looked up at him through heavy eyelids and smiled when she saw he was awake. Her hand immediately slipped down to his groin and wrapped her fingers around his half-erect cock.

"Good morning," she said as her hand coaxed his dick into life. She squeezed his shaft firmly but not tightly as she gently pumped her hand up and down around his dick. Adam smiled back at her, partly with genuine affection for her and partly with dubiousness and uncertainty, but his cock stiffened into a hard erection from her touch.

"Wait," he started to say with a moan. He wanted to talk to her and ask her the questions that tumbled through his mind, but she had already bent around and surrounded the tip of his erection with her lips as her tongue explored the soft skin on his head. A low, gratified moan escaped before he could stifle it as her head slowly pushed down which shoved his cock deep into her throat. 

She pressed her face into the skin of his crotch and held it there for half a minute before she slowly slid her head upwards. With a grin, she took in a cleansing breath and then pushed her head back down into his groin. She kept her mouth locked around his throbbing cock for over a minute before she slid back up and took another breath. "Hold on," he uttered with feeble protest, not really wanting her to stop.

When she pressed downward again, she held her head steady for over two minutes. Her skull remained immobile but the suction in her mouth increased significantly. Adam could feel the pulse of his engorged cock beating against the firm tunnel of her throat while her mouth greatly increased the pressure of its suction. 

Adam grunted several times to give her notice of his impending eruption, since he was too entrenched into his own carnal pleasure to use his voice. Eventually she did open her mouth and relieve the pressure, but the respite lasted less than a second before she encircled her lips around him and swallowed his pounding cock. 

He could no longer contain himself and he felt a surge of cum stream out of him and into her throat. His instinct was to apologize to her for forcing her to taste his jism, but she kept her lips around the base of his shaft and licked her tongue around his girth while moaning with delight. 

She made a loud gulp as she swallowed his load of cum, and she purred as his dick released another smaller burst into her throat. When her lips opened slightly, thin strands of jism, like a web of cum, hung between her succulent lips and his quivering cock, now glistening with her saliva. 

A couple beads of cum trickled out of her mouth down onto the edge of his cock and sluggishly wandered down the side. She leisurely stuck out her tongue and lapped up all the residual globs of jism that remained, in addition to the few drop of cum emanating from his steadily pumping staff. 

Adam still wasn't able to breathe when she mounted on top of him and grinded her body around the tip of his cock. She threw her head back and let out a satisfied gasp when she dropped her body down so that his cock penetrated her pussy, which he could feel was soaking wet. She drove herself into his body repeatedly, breathlessly panting every time she came down, causing her humongous tits to bounce and flop across her chest. 

He was feeling surprisingly aroused and eager to continue fucking after he had orgasmed, and he gripped her hips so that he could help her slam down on him even harder. The two of them grunting and pounding together managed to plunge his cock deep into her inviting vagina. 

There was a time, when Adam was out of college, that a woman slept with him on their first date, but the next morning when she discussed stopping to see her parents on the way to a long vacation the following weekend, he fabricated lame excuses to leave her apartment and then spent weeks avoiding the hundreds of incoming calls from her before she finally gave up. 

Adam jolted to reality and suddenly became gripped with overwhelming panic. He screamed as he pushed her to the side, "What are you doing to me?" 

She pursed her lips slightly and answered, "What am I doing to...? I don't know what..."

"Don't lie to me!" he bellowed as he jumped out of bed. "You're doing something to my mind! Are you trying to control my mind?"

Sitting naked in his bed, she replied, "Control your...? I know not what..."

"Just stop!" he roared. "Tell me the truth!"

"I..." she started, but then stopped herself and sat quietly for a minute, which gave Adam time to get his heart rate and breathing down to a less-frenetic tempo. Her eyes seemed to droop down a little as though no longer able to carry whatever burden she was thinking. She opened her lips as if to speak, but then closed them again. As she stared downward, he couldn't tell if it was out of shame or that she had failed to deceive the simple-minded human. 

One of her rings began to glow, and instantly her eyes grew wide and her mouth became grim. She got up to leave, "I should have left last night, but... I knew it would hurt you. And now, I have to go."

"Why? What's going on?"

"Your military. They are close."

"Why are they after you? Did you do something?"

"Is that what you think of me?" Her face was a mix of outrage and disappointment. "Just tell me which way to go and I will leave you in peace."

"Where are you going?"

"Away from here. Away from you." She paused, as if sensing how harsh her tone was. "Adam, you have done enough to help me, and I appreciate all you have done. But I must leave now. I cannot endanger you any longer."

As she grabbed her boots and headed for the door, Adam felt a momentary wave of relief. He didn't want to fight his own military, and he was completely unwilling to die at this moment. After all, he didn't know anything about her or her people, why the military considered her a potential threat, or whether they might actually be correct. She was sucking away his memories and lying about it, and he realized she could be using her voluptuous body to collect information in order to start a worldwide invasion. Maybe our noble soldiers were the only thing standing between humanity and domination by hostile alien monsters. His panic and doubts sent an unnerving chill down his spine, and he wondered how he could turn her over to the authorities without getting shot in the process. At the very least, letting her walk away was absolutely the right thing to do.

But he couldn't ignore the warm throbbing in his chest that made him feel miserable at the thought of watching her leave. Perhaps it was her face that showed genuine fear of the army outside; no, not fear, she was petrified. Maybe it was the image he thought he saw of her being sexually violated by a general. No, mostly it was that she was walking out the door out into a world she doesn't know or understand, making herself vulnerable to the forces descending on her, in order to protect him. 

Time seemed to stand still as he gazed at her naked body hurrying for the door. All these different thoughts flashed through his head in mere seconds before he took a deep breath and made his decision.

"Wait!" he yelled. She stopped and turned towards him. He smirked at her, "I'm coming too." Xanxaa's face immediately changed from fear into gleeful surprise. "Grab some food," Adam commanded, "and throw it in a bag. I'm going to grab a few things we need." 

Adam ran back into the bedroom and stuffed as much random clothing and all the cash he had stashed in his drawer into a ripped duffel bag, which unfortunately was the only one he owned. He silently cursed himself for thinking with his penis and not his head. How can he evade, or worse fight, the well-trained and massively-armed soldiers rushing toward them? And what if he was helping the wrong side? There was no way to know and no time to think. "Goddamnit," he softly muttered as he ran out of the room, hoping that he wouldn't become lunch for some giant alien brainsucker.

He raced into the main room and saw Xanxaa in the kitchen putting food in a bag indiscriminately. "That's enough, let's go!" he said as he grabbed her hand and pulled her to the front door. "Follow me."

Together they ran down the fire exit, and the echoes of their thundering footsteps seemed to get louder as they raced for the basement. His eyes darted around looking for anyone who might try to stop them. He had started taking karate lessons several years ago merely as a way to release tension and maybe learn something useful, but he was surprised how much he enjoyed it and had become halfway skilled. Unfortunately, he stopped taking classes last year when his financial situation required him to spend less money, so he was probably too out of practice to overpower a well-trained soldier. Thankfully, they never saw anyone as they hurried to the bottom of the stairs.

He led her through the boiler room and threw the back door open with a force that nearly knocked it off its rusted hinges. Xanxaa slowed down, "Are we not going to your car?"

"Can't do that," he said running down the cement path to the back gate. "If they're coming here, they probably know who I am and will be looking for my car." Xanxaa nodded in appreciation of his quick thinking. 

Going through the back gate, they stepped into a small parking lot for bicycles and moped scooters. He pointed at the only moped big enough for two people, "Can you do that trick where you start this up? Like you did to my car last night?" 

"The solar cells of my ring have not had time to replenish. do not have much power, but I shall try." She walked up to the vehicle nervously and placed her hand on the engine. Within seconds, the engine screamed to life with the sound of a missile. She turned to him and spoke anxiously, "There is not much energy for anything else."

"Don't worry, just put this on," he said handing her his largest hooded jacket as he tied their bags securely to the back. 

Xanxaa sneered at the thin coat thrust into her hands, "Thank you, but I'd rather not..."

"There's no time to argue," he shouted. "A naked, green girl is going to attract attention. We need to be less conspicuous." She acquiesced to his suggestion but looked uncomfortable as she slid her arms through the sleeves, as though the sensation of cloth touching her skin was tortuously abrasive.

He hopped on the moped and shouted over the engine, "Hang on to me!" She sat behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist. Looking over his shoulder, he winked at her, "Trust me!" She smiled and was about to reply when Adam gunned the engine and sped down the path.

The cement path was a walking trail that went for miles through the winding park that went downtown. Adam knew the path well, having spent many walks there contemplating his own dismal life, and he thought staying off the road as long as possible was their best strategy and might give them a better head start in evading whoever was descending upon them. 

What he didn't consider, however, is that the scooter they were on had been transformed into a pseudo-rocket that was near impossible to control. The brakes were never designed to slow the machine down at anywhere near that speed, and even barely touching the gas propelled them faster than was comfortable. Adam managed to successfully wind his way down the path, and avoid the few early morning joggers he surprised, and reach the end of the park.

The humvee on the street at the end of the path, surrounded by four soldiers with assault rifles, was an unwelcome surprise. Adam would have tried to find another path out of the park if the vehicle they were riding wasn't speeding too fast to change course. 

The soldiers did not even have time to raise their rifles as the moped sped directly toward them, and Adam cursed as he saw the side of the military vehicle become too close to avoid.

Adam was just about to close his eyes to avoid watching himself splatter across the side off the humvee. Suddenly his view changed and he watched the military contingent disappear beneath him. He turned around for a split second to see both the shocked look on the soldier's faces but also Xanxaa reaching behind her to touch the side of their vehicle with one of her rings glowing. Apparently she had enough energy left to levitate the scooter into the air long enough to jump over the humvee.

The sound of assault weapons firing filled the air as Adam focused on landing on the street, preferably intact and without killing them. A brief shower of sparks marked the place on the pavement where they made contact with the ground, and Adam instantly gunned the engine faster. He knew he was risking them getting into an accident, but he decided the need to put as much distance between him and the army behind them was paramount. 

The city streets, however, were flatter and straighter than the park path he had already navigated, so he found speeding down the avenues to be practically effortless. The surrounding cars seemed like they were standing still, so even speeding through cross streets wasn't as impossible as he would have imagined, had he had any time to imagine much of anything beyond the overwhelming dread of being captured by armed forces. 

When he had traveled a few miles through the city, he slowed down and then took a hard left and rode at a much normal pace. He had gone another seven miles when he heard military helicopters circling over the city behind them. He took another left turn and leisurely drove down an on-ramp to a parkway the led out of the city. 

"Why are you not going faster?" Xanxaa yelled over the roar of the engine. "Shouldn't we get further away?"

"They lost sight of us," he yelled over his shoulder, "so we don't want to draw any attention to ourselves. The more normal we seem, the better." 

"Where are we going?"

"Somewhere we can talk." Adam meant his words to sound ominous but, over the thundering engine, did not sound stern at all. She smiled and then affectionately squeezed his torso more firmly, but Adam wasn't sure if it was an attempt at a hug or so she wouldn't fall off. They rode in silence for another twenty minutes before exiting the parkway into a neighborhood of shuttered businesses and broken windows with the impressively tall buildings of downtown in the background. They spent another ten minutes going down various streets until the number of cars and houses decreased significantly. 

Adam pulled into a dark alley behind a vacant store, avoiding the tufts of grass poking through the hundreds of cracks meandering on the concrete, and parked out of view.

The back door was locked but one swift kick was all it took for Adam to break through. Xanxaa apprehensively stepped into the building behind Adam, and she instinctively grabbed his hand for emotional support. Adam, for his part, had a burning frustration in his chest, but he did not pull his hand away from hers.

Seeing that the dusty room appeared safe, Xanxaa looked up at him with gratitude. "Thank you for helping me," she said with a smile as she dropped to her knees in front of him.

"Nononono," Adam said loudly. His relief at escaping, promptly switched into visible frustration. His voice grumbled with irritation, "And I don't want you to thank me."

"You do not?" Xanxaa had the confused look of a woman who had never heard the word "no" when it came to sexual activities. She slowly stood back up, "Then... what is it you want me...?"

"I want the truth!" he snapped. He tried to temper the anxiety and fear building within him, but at the moment he couldn't help himself. "After all I've done for you, I deserve to know what's going on!" 

She didn't say anything for a minute and gazed intensely at Adam as though her mind was making thousands of calculations through a perplexing jumble of variables about him, about his planet, about her experiences, and about their affinity for each other. "You are correct, you do deserve the truth," she finally said as she reached out to unclasp his belt buckle. "Let me show you..."

"Stop it!" Adam swatted her hands away. "What are you doing?"

"I am trying to communicate with you," she answered. "It is easier this way, if you just..."

"Communicate? How are... So you *were* stealing my memories?"

"Stealing your...? Ah, I understand your confusion. No, I did not steal your memories, I was merely examining them. Here let me..."

"No!" he snapped with more fear than anger. "You need to tell me what's going on!"

"Adam, I... I find it... difficult to communicate long stories using words. On my world, sexual bonds are used as a form of..." She paused to think of the right word, "telepathic communication, as a way to see into each other's minds."

"And you didn't tell me what you were doing? What are you hiding?"

"I am not hiding anything. Not anymore."

"Then why are you really here?"

"The bond is a far more efficient and pleasant way to relay information. So just..."

"No! No bonding of minds or anything else! Just tell me!!" he shouted, then instantly regretted it, so he took a deep breath to calm himself down. "Please," he said more gently, "tell me with words."

Xanxaa sighed with disappointment. "Very well, I will try. I crashed on your planet approximately... I think it was... fifty of your days ago, although it was difficult for me to... to precisely determine how long I was in captivity. Your... military had tracked me in the... the atmosphere and found where I had... crashed. But they were... suspicious and hostile. I bonded with a soldier to learn your language... which they mistook for an attack. Then they... they... interrogated me and wanted to know everything about me, my world, my purpose, and my... technology. I did not like being accused of deception and found them unworthy of trust so I did not... I refused to say anything. For this, I was... they chained and... and abused me... repeatedly. I was finally able to break free. That was the night I landed near you and, as you know, they have been after me ever since." 

"The defense department locked you up and tortured you? No, that's can't be right! That's illegal! Our government has rules against that. And as far as I know, you're the first alien to come to our planet. So why would they just lock you up and abuse you like that?"

"I do not know the answer to that. The memories I saw in the general suggested that this was a... a secret department of your military and... operates with few, how do you say... restrictions."

"The memories of the general? Did he... force himself onto you?"

"Many, many times. They eventually discovered my ability to communicate... telepathically through bonding... through sexual intercourse. The general decided to... personally interrogate me, which he did numerous times each day."
