 Ch. 4 -- The Power Within

Dave awoke to the gorgeous sight of Madeleine sleeping peacefully, her head on his chest. Her red hair was a tousled mess, but his heart fluttered at the vision in his arms nonetheless. Not wanting to disturb her, he saw his open backpack in the corner and used the levitation spell to float his copy of The Once and Future King over to him. He read for a bit in the dim morning light before feeling Madeleine stir against him.

"Good morning," he whispered, kissing her on the forehead.

"Mmm... good morning, my love," she murmured.

"Did you sleep well?"

"Very," she yawned. Seeing that Dave was reading something, she adjusted her eyes to take a look at the cover. "The... Once and... Future... King? Is that correct?"

"Um, yes," Dave said in surprise. "You are able to read? I was of the understanding that women of this time were not allowed to learn to read."

Madeleine blushed, replying, "In truth, you are correct. None know of this, but my father always encouraged me to expand my mind. He always had these strange feelings that I was destined for great things, and thus I taught myself to read over the years. He was quite the radical in that regard, I suppose."

"Well I approve," Dave agreed, planting a long kiss on her lips. "I have always been attracted to intelligent women."

"Intelligent women?"

"Indeed. In my homeland, women are revered not only for their beauty, but for their intelligence as well."

"Hmm... I suppose I am intelligent enough to latch onto you and never release you," she said with a wry grin.

This soon led to another lovemaking session between them. Dave managed to last longer this time, holding off his orgasm for at least seven or eight minutes before exploding. He also paid more attention to Madeleine's bodily cues throughout, fondling her breasts every so often as they made love. This paid off with a small but pleasurable orgasm for her about halfway through; he made a mental note of this and resolved to do even better the next time. After a while, the sun began to rise over the horizon, and Dave knew he would need to leave for his lesson before long.

"If only I could lie in bed with you all day," Madeleine sighed in contentment.

"Once I find a way home, that is my full intent," he replied, kissing her once more.

Both slipped out of bed and dressed for the day, Dave changing his modern clothes to a more time-appropriate outfit. Out on the balcony, he then levitated Madeleine back to her room for the day. Turning back into his own room, Dave chuckled at the disheveled state of his bed and took a few moments to straighten up, as he and Madeleine were in fact sneaking around. With that task complete, he grabbed his backpack, bow, and arrows and departed for Merlin's workshop.

*****

"Enter," said Merlin, hearing a knock at his door.

"Good morning," Dave greeted him.

"Ah, good morning, David. You look as though you slept well."

"I feel excellent!" he admitted. "Ready to tackle anything you throw at me today."

They spent the first few minutes reviewing everything he had gone over the previous day. Dave showed great retention, now able to conjure fire from thin air without needing a specific object to burn. He had not yet perfected his ability to create water, but still managed to fill a bowl with little difficulty. As Merlin expected, Dave's favorite element thus far was wind, and he was already quite adept with it. Finally, the levitation and matter rearranging abilities were now child's play for him, able to be used at a moment's notice.

"Splendid!" Merlin exclaimed. "Now, for new business. There are two remaining elements for you to master: earth and lightning. Unlike fire and water, there is little use for conjuring earth, for it is all around us. And unlike wind, earth is far less dependent upon direction. In that way, it can be considered the opposite of wind. While wind depends on constant motion, earth stands firm against all obstacles, refusing to move. This makes it quite useful in conjunction with the levitation spell. Come."

Merlin reached out his hand, which Dave took a firm grasp on. In the blink of an eye, the two men stood atop a tall plateau, overlooking a misty sea. Dave spun around for a moment, in awe of what had just happened.

"Did... did we?"

"We now stand in Celtic territory, a land far to the west of Camelot. You have just experienced the power of teleportation," Merlin said.

"Wow... so these are the Cliffs of Moher," Dave muttered to himself in wonder. "So, what are we doing here?"

"This is an ideal area for you to become acquainted with the element of earth. First, connect with the molecules making up the element, as you have done with each previous element. Then, force a piece of earth to break apart from the rest. Finally, take complete command of it with the levitation spell."

Dave began his concentrations, but soon found the element of earth to be a more difficult beast for him. He reasoned that this could be due to his natural affinity for wind, though he wasn't sure. Regardless, he knelt for some time, finally managing to connect with the ground after half an hour. Beginning to see the individual minerals contained within the dirt, he soon detected a small stone buried below the surface. He focused all his will on that spot, soon managing to part enough of the impacted dirt that the stone could be removed with the levitation spell.

"Well done. What did you learn?" Merlin asked.

"That was difficult... far more so than any of the other elements," Dave admitted as he attempted to catch his breath.

"Indeed. All sorcerers have one element they are strongest with, and one they are weakest with. Though we have yet to move on to lightning, I strongly suspect that yours are wind and earth, respectively. One thing that may assist you in manipulating the elements is the proper mindset."

"Proper mindset?"

"For example, wind depends on direction and constant motion. Thus, one must be able to think quickly and decisively to use it to its fullest capabilities. This description aligns with your mindset quite well, if I do say so myself. You are intelligent, and always analyze every possible outcome of a situation. Your mind is in constant motion, as is the wind."

"That does make sense," Dave nodded.

"Conversely, earth requires a certain amount of stubbornness. The element of earth is firm and unyielding, and your mind must embrace these qualities to take full advantage of it. When attempting to manipulate earth, do not focus on endless possibilities, any of which may get you around a problem, but instead take the mindset of facing such a problem head on. Be unyielding, and the earth will be yours to command."

Taking this information into account, Dave focused once more on the earth around him. As he allowed his mind to grow more stubborn, he found it far easier to establish the necessary connection with the molecules, enabling him to split them apart far more easily. After another half hour, he was able to extract melon-sized chunks of rock with ease, effortlessly flinging them around as needed with the levitation spell. Moving on to more advanced techniques, Dave began to manipulate parts of the earth without fully detaching them, at one point kicking up a large slab of stone to serve as a shield in front of him.

"Excellent, most excellent!" Merlin lauded.

"Thank you. Though I assume there is still much to learn about this element."

"Indeed there is, but those lessons are for a later time."

"Very well. Oh, I wanted to ask. You mentioned having the proper mindset for the elements of wind and earth. Is there a proper mindset for fire and water as well?"

"Indeed there is. First, one must conjure each of these elements, which is in opposition to both earth and wind. But once this is complete, your mindset can help you a great deal. Water is flowing and graceful; mastery of it requires that one bend without breaking. It is similar to wind in this regard, yet is more dependent on defense as opposed to offense. Fire is strong and unrelenting, possessing few defensive capabilities. It can be quite easy for it to become uncontrolled, and a mind focused on nothing but its goal is the only thing guaranteed to maintain control over this element. And of course, there is one final element to teach you: lightning. Do you feel ready to attempt it?"

"I do," Dave replied with confidence.

"Good. First, tell me of the science behind lightning."

"Well, lightning is created from a massive buildup of static within a cloud in the sky. When this static charges up to high enough levels, it has no choice but to discharge into an object, such as the ground or another cloud. Using this information, I can only surmise that I must charge my own body with this buildup of static to use lightning, is this correct?"

"Precisely. However, simply knowing the science behind the element is not enough in this case, David. Lightning is the most dangerous of all the elements; one misuse can result in instant death. To use it properly, one must have a mind completely focused and at peace with itself, for anything less than boundless confidence can cause it to backfire. Additionally, do not forget that lightning is the least controllable of the elements. Once you build up the static within you and summon the lightning itself, you are not its master, but rather its guide. Do you understand?"

"I think so," Dave answered. "But to be sure, may I see a demonstration?"

Without a word, Merlin faced a nearby tree and pointed two fingers in the shape of a gun at it. Dave could feel a surge of power emanating from him as a point of light began to appear at his fingertips. Soon, the energy had reached critical mass, and Merlin unleashed a blinding bolt of lightning into the tree. Dave expected to see the tree on fire, but Merlin's attack had been so powerful that the tree had disintegrated.

"Woah..."

"Your turn," Merlin said, restoring the tree with a wave of his hand.

Dave took a deep breath and began to focus on the particles in the air around him, managing to detect the ones with a positive charge before long. Imitating Merlin's technique, he began to draw those positive charges towards his fingertips, resulting in the same point of light that he had seen before. His excitement and anticipation grew as he prepared to unleash the attack, but as he attempted to do so, the point of light exploded, blowing him back onto his ass.

"Ah, shit!" he cursed.

"Are you hurt, David?"

"I will be alright," he muttered in frustration.

"I expected that this might happen," Merlin grinned. "The look of excitement on your face was impossible to miss. That is what did you in."

"How so?"

"So enthused you were by managing to conjure lightning so quickly that your mind lost focus. When working with lightning, you cannot allow any distractions or frivolous emotions to cloud your mind. This will result in a backfire, as you just experienced. Of course, your lightning was not as strong as mine, resulting in a less dangerous backfire, but a stronger bolt could have done significant damage to you."

"I see... this really is dangerous."

"Indeed. Once more, and keep your mind focused and at peace."

Now understanding the power he was dealing with, Dave's second attempt was far more concentrated. He again managed to draw in the positive charges surrounding him with little effort, but now allowed himself to remain emotionless through the entire process. This was not all that difficult, as introverted as he naturally was, but keeping his mind empty was a daunting task nonetheless. After a couple of false starts, he finally managed to fire off a bolt of static into the tree. It was not enough to do any real damage, but it was of great help to his confidence. Drawing on that feeling, he managed to improve the results with every repetition, until his bolts were only a few clicks below Merlin's in power.

"Well done, David. Well done indeed."

"Still needs to be better," he admitted.

"That shall come with time and practice. Sit, we should rest."

As they ate a lunch of fruit, Dave began to wonder more about the elements he was now working with.

"For the purposes of our sorcery, what relationship do these elements have to each other?" he asked.

"Yes, the five elements are interrelated in such a way that each one is strong against one element, weak against another, and neutral against the others. Lightning electrocutes water, water quenches fire, fire grows from wind, wind scatters earth, and earth grounds out lightning. It is a cycle, and one to bear in mind should you ever encounter an opposing sorcerer."

"When would I encounter an opposing sorcerer?" Dave asked, his ears perking up in worry.

"I do not anticipate it at this time, but I would be doing you a disservice if I failed to train you properly in the art of magical combat, once you have a wider array of spells to draw upon, of course. Shall we continue?"

"By all means," Dave replied, finishing the last of his banana.

"Good. By now, you are well on your way to being able to manipulate any form of matter in the world around you. But to become a true sorcerer, you must also master the power within yourself."

"Within myself? What does that mean?"

"David, I have traveled the world in my many years, and every culture and peoples I have encountered know of this power. There are many names for it, of course. Some call it spirit, others a soul, or perhaps chakra, and even qi energy. Whatever the name, it is the energy latent within the human body that a true sorcerer can bring out to its fullest potential. For our purposes, I shall refer to it as your aura."

"So, what is the scientific basis behind it? Everything else we've discussed has a clear scientific origin."

"Simple. The human mind is the strongest and most complex mind on the entire planet. It produces such incredible power even in humans with no magical capabilities. In a sorcerer, the fact that the mind operates at full capacity creates enormous amounts of natural energy. Normally, this energy is contained within the body, but with proper training, you will be able to use it at will. Watch."

Taking a deep breath, Merlin began to summon up an immense amount of power, soon causing his entire body to glow with a white aura. It began at his feet, working its way up Merlin's body, before at last enveloping his head. He opened his eyes, and they seemed to glow with the same light.

"In this state, any aspect of the human body can be enhanced with few limits. Your strength, your speed, and even your senses are now at the command of your willpower. With proper training, you can even manage to manifest a physical presence of this power in the world around you," Merlin said.

With that, he took off, dashing around the plateau at blinding speeds, a faint trail of light the only means for Dave to keep track of his location. After a few moments of this, Merlin approached a massive boulder, shattering it with a single kick. Dave stood openmouthed as Merlin's power level returned to normal, the elderly man strolling back towards him with a slight grin on his face.

"Incredible..."

"Indeed," Merlin chuckled. "In order to access this power, you must first sink into a deep meditation. Shut out all worldly distractions and focus completely on your inner spirit. When you have achieved harmony with this power, you will feel a tug deep within your mind. Give in to it, and allow that tug to bring out your full potential. Try."

Nodding, Dave took a seat cross-legged and closed his eyes, attempting to silence all distractions around him. Merlin, of course, decided not to make this an easy feat for him, crunching leaves and gravel beneath his feet at every opportunity. At first, Dave looked up and threw a questioning glance his way, but Merlin's sly grin told him everything he needed to know; this was part of his training.

Returning back to his meditation, Dave pushed all thoughts from his mind, silencing the crunching gravel, the chirping birds, and eventually the waves crashing against the cliff behind him. He focused on nothing but his aura, listening for the inner tug that Merlin spoke of. After what felt like years, a sense of calm descended over Dave, and he felt something awaken within his mind. He latched onto that feeling with his all, and before he knew it, he had opened his eyes, finding himself surrounded by the same white aura from before.

"Is... is this it?"

"It is," Merlin whispered. "With this power, you now have complete control over your body's inner power. To start, see how fast you are able to run."

Dave took off into a jog, soon accelerating to a full sprint. While he at first felt no different, he found that by focusing his mind on his running capabilities, he was able to reach the same blinding speeds Merlin had demonstrated before. He did have to concentrate to stay aware of his surroundings, but his mind seemed to be running even faster than usual, enabling him to easily keep track of everything around him. After a minute or two, he returned to Merlin, the aura disappearing as he arrived.

"This is incredible!" he shouted, feeling a sense of exhilarating freedom.

"Indeed it is," Merlin replied with a chuckle. "What did you notice?"

"Well, while I was running, my mind seemed to think faster as well, and I could keep an eye on everything around me."

"Indeed. It is because of the power your mind exerts when you draw upon your aura. Not only is it using its full capacity, but it also is able to focus on anything and everything at once, if you only will it to be so. Now, how much experience have you with hand-to-hand combat, David?"

"None."

"Excellent. Summon up your aura once more."

Confused, Dave did as he was told, managing to return to his previous power level after only a minute of concentration. As soon as he began glowing again, Merlin got a determined look in his eye.

"Now... PREPARE YOURSELF!"

In a flash, Merlin also powered up, leaping through the air and landing a powerful kick into Dave's chest. He staggered back, working to comprehend what was happening.

"What is the meaning of this?!" he demanded.

"Your mind possesses all the wealth of knowledge you will ever need to defeat me, Dave. Use it. Trust yourself."

With that, Merlin lunged again. This time, Dave managed to evade in the nick of time, leaping back into a fighter's crouch. All this had happened before he even realized what he was doing.

Woah... is this power controlling my actions? Or is it just enhancing what's already there?

He had no time to ponder the situation further, as Merlin was on the offensive once more. Relying only on instinct, Dave engaged him in fisticuffs, blocking his lightning fast strikes with incredible reflexes. As the power of Merlin's attacks grew, Dave enhanced his own strength to match. Soon, he was using full martial arts techniques to counterattack, techniques that he had until now only seen in movies or TV shows. It was as if his mind was responding of its own accord to the threat he now faced. As Merlin swung a wild haymaker, Dave suddenly saw an opening, and managed to duck under the punch while slamming both palms into Merlin's gut, throwing him to the ground with a thud.

"Unbelievable," Dave whispered.

"Well done. But now, you must gain greater control over this power, for blind instinct alone can only take you so far. Trust your instincts, but let your willpower guide them. Again!"

Merlin flipped onto his feet and resumed his attack, now dashing around the area at high speed. Though he was invisible to the unaided eye, Dave managed to keep track of him, moving to intercept him. He attempted to trip Merlin up with a leg sweep, but the wily old man evaded with ease, doubling back and slamming Dave to the ground on his next pass. Dave soon recovered and moved to intercept Merlin in the same was as he had before. When Merlin evaded this time, Dave launched a blast of wind at him, stunning him long enough for Dave to toss him on his back.
