 Cael watched Braithe work out in the gym along with the rest of the guys. Braithe was very built and towered over most of the men in the room. His muscles bulged and stretched He had been strongly attracted to Braithe ever since they met three months ago. However, he was very shy about approaching Braithe. He had no idea how to tell the handsome giant how he felt about him. Braithe had the body of a greek god. He was also a nice a guy who genuinely cared about his friends. Everyone looked up to him and respected him. There had been plenty of times when Braithe had risked his life for Cael and he'd done the same for him. They had become close friends in the short period of time they knew each other. Braithe had such a commanding aura about him. When he entered a room, most people would stopped what they were doing to watch him. Cael never wanted a man so much in his life. 

Skye walked over to him with a huge grin on his face. He was tall with a lean slender build. His hair was golden like the sun and his eyes the color of the sky. Skye, Cael and Braithe shared a three bedroom dorm together. 

"Why don't you just tell him? Braithe likes you too. I see the way he looks at you when you get out of the shower."

"What are you talking about?" Cael pretended not to know in his embarrassment. 

"I'm talking about this!" Skye grabbed his hard erection which was clearly showing through his thin shorts. 

Cael pulled his tank top down blushing furiously. "You think anyone else saw?" 

They looked around and saw a few guys staring at Chris with huge smiles on their faces. 

"Probably," Skye smirked. "Don't be embarrassed. Braithe gives every guy in here an erection when he works out. He's the campus stud. Everybody wants him." 

Cael glanced at Skye. "You've known him longer than I have. Have you...?" 

"Hell yeah! But I got to warn you. Braithe's dick is enormous. The first time he slid that thing inside of me I thought he was going to kill me. After awhile, it began to feel good and I came so hard I passed out. It was the best dick I've ever had, but I was sore for a couple of days after that. I decided to stick with the normal dicks. My narrow ass can't handle it. He let me fuck him a couple of times but I don't think I did much for him. He never had an orgasm so I would end up jerking him off while I fucked him. I'm an average guy with seven inch dick. There's not much I can do for a guy like Braithe." Skye gave him a sly look. "But you may be just what he need. You're about the same size as him physically you're just shorter and judging by the size of your erection, it's almost as big as Brent's. I say go for it." 

That night in the dorm... 

Braithe sat in the living room watching television. He flicked through the channels bored and sighed. Skye walked out into the living room dragging a suitcase. 

"Where you going, Skye?" Braithe asked. 

Cael was in the kitchen fixing a sandwich and came out when he heard Braithe ask the question. He looked at Skye curiously. 

"I'm going to be spending the weekend with a few friends. I'll be back by Monday." 

"Oh," Braithe said and went back to flipping through the channels. He didn't see Skye wink at Cael or Cael's face turn slightly red. 

Cael watched Skye leave before sitting down beside Braithe to stare at the television. 

"Anything good on?" He asked. 

"Nope, not a damn thing. I'm thinking about going to the club tonight." Braithe answered. He glanced at Cael out of the corner of his eye. Cael only had on a pair of thin shorts that fit way too snug for Braithe's comfort. His bare chest was smooth, golden and sculpted with muscles. If Cael knew how much Braithe wanted him, he would never parade around him like that. Every time Cael came close to him, he got an erection. It was pure torture living with a guy he was in love with and not having the nerves to tell him. Braithe had always been upfront about what he wanted. He had never been hesitant or shy around anyone until he met Cael. Cael was the first guy Braithe had ever been strongly attracted to. The first time they met Braithe wanted to pull him aside and make him his. Cael wasn't like the other guys Braithe had been with. He was a beautiful golden god. His eyes were golden brown, his hair was light brown and his skin, smooth, golden and hairless. 

His body was nearly the same size as Braithe which he found to be amazing because the only person as big as him was his brother and father. Reaching, 6,7 and covered in thick muscles, Braithe was a giant to most of the students on campus. His size alone intimidated most people. It wasn't just Cael physical features that stood out. Braithe was also taken in by his personality. Cael was usually soft spoken, he had a quiet masculinity about him that Braithe found very sexy. He was also very kind and rather shy at times. However, during their training Cael had proved more than once that he could be as ruthless as Braile himself. When it came to fighting, Cael was a completely different person and he'd saved Braithe's life more than once on the battlefields as he'd also done for Cael. They had become close friend during the three months they had trained and fought together, but Braithe had always wanted more. 

Cael moved around uncomfortably, being so near Braithe was also like sweet torture to him. He didn't quite no what to say to him when they were completely alone. The only thing he could think of was... he closed his eyes and took in a deep breath, forcing himself to think of something else before the inevitable happened. He glanced down at his shorts, too late! He quickly crossed his legs. 

"So Braithe," he said trying to sound as casual as he could in his situation. "Do you enjoy sleeping with the females here?" 

"When I first got here, I did. It was like being thrown in a room filled with candy. After a while, every girl began to look the same to me and I got bored with them." 

"They're crazy about you. I see the way they follow you around and fight just to be near you," Cael said. 

Braithe shrugged. "They enjoy my dick more than anything else. None of them has ever taken the time to get to know me. They only know me as their prince and the way I make them feel." 

"Nobody here treats you like a prince," Cael said. 

Braithe nodded. "It's the way I want it." He turned to Cael, his first time actually looking at him since he'd sat beside him. "How about you?"

Cael shook his head. "I haven't been interested in anyone since I came here, male or female." 

Braithe felt his heart sink after hearing that. "I see," he said, quietly his eyes turning down to the couch in disappointment. 

Cael's heart beat speeded up. Did he just see disappointment in Braithe's beautiful dark blue eyes? "I... I've been saving myself for someone," he found himself saying. 

Braithe quickly looked up. Dark blue eyes met golden brown eyes. The tension between them was thick with hidden love and desire. 

"You're a virgin?" Braithe asked his voice thicker than usual. 

"Only with the males," Cael answered staring back at him. 

Braithe cleared his throat. "So... who you been saving yourself for?" 

Cael swallowed, knowing if he didn't tell Braithe now, he never would. "You... "

Braithe was on him before Cael could understand what was happening. He felt his shorts being ripped away by Braithe's powerful hands and felt his lips kissing a hot path down his neck to his chest to his ripped abs. 

"Don't you ever put me through this much torture again. Do you know how long I've wanted you?" Braithe asked between kisses. 

Cael moaned softly as he felt Braithe's hot mouth working down to his erection. He grabbed a hand full of Braile's curly black locks and pulled him back up. "No... wait... I want to... I want you... " Cael pushed him back against the back of the couch and unzipped his jeans. He stared in amazement at Braithe's huge dick. It had to be about fourteen inches. It was long and thick and the head was wide and swollen like the size of a mushroom. "I love you," he mumbled forgetting to pull Braithe jeans down to his ankles. The only thing on his mind was wrapping his mouth around the huge pulsing meat in front of him. 

Braithe trembled and moan trying not to cum as Cael's hot wet tongue slid up and down him before stretching his mouth and slowly taking it in. He watched through half-closed eyes as the guy of his dreams engulfed him to the hilt. He wanted to tell him to be careful knowing it was Cael's first time and knowing his size might be too much for him, but he couldn't. He'd lost his ability to talk at the moment. He saw stars as he felt his dick drawn inside Cael's hot wet mouth. He groaned out loud and ran his fingers through Cael's thick curly brown hair. 

Cael almost gagged trying to take in so much so fast but he was determined to make the man he loved cum first. His mouth moved up and down on the huge cock steadily. He cupped Braithe's thick tight balls in his hands and massaged them gently. He could taste Braithe's salty precum on his tongue which caused his own dick to jerk and throb. Braithe's hand grabbed his hair tightly almost painfully, but Cael welcomed the pain. He could hear him moaning softly. He glanced up to see him gritting his teeth and his eyes close tightly as if he was holding back. No! He didn't want him to hold back! He began to suck him harder, move faster, his thick tongue massaging the swollen wet head as he bobbed up and down. 

Braithe sucked in a breath of air and let it out in a loud moan. Cael was killing him. His breathing was loud and uneven as he thrust his hips up and down. Cael mouth was so hot and tight and wet and his tongue was doing things he'd never imagined. He was moving too fast. He wanted it to last but he couldn't control himself. 

"Cael... Cael... stop... slow down... I'm going to... " Braithe knew he was about to cum and cum hard. His voice hoarse and raspy from breathing so hard. He didn't know if Cael wanted him to cum in his mouth. 

Cael heard his plea but didn't let up. He wanted to know his taste, to drink his essence and let it flow through his entire body. 

Braithe couldn't take it anymore. He lost control and tensed, his hips thrust off the couch and forced his huge dick down Cael's throat. His head reared back against the couch as he let out a loud moan. His body convulsed stiffly as his fingers nearly ripped tore the hair from Cael's skull. 

Cael's felt Braithe's dick swell even bigger and jerk and throb in his mouth before Braithe forced it down his throat. He nearly choked. Braithe's hot cum hit the back of his throat forcefully causing him to gag. He felt he was drowning. His cheek bulged with the thick cum as it gushed out as if it would never stop. He couldn't swallow all of it, half of it forced it way out from between his lips and spilled down his chin onto Braithe's jeans and even on the carpet. Braithe's penis kept throbbing and shooting off in his mouth Cael thought he would never stop cumming. It was too much for him. His belly was being filled with Braithe' essence. Already, it was beginning to affect him. His head was beginning to swim as Braithe's power surged through his body. Cael's eyes rolled back in his head as he fell backwards to the floor. 

Braithe laid there for a while slowly coming back to his senses. It had never been this good. Nobody had ever made him cum so hard giving him a blowjob. He opened his eyes and saw Cael on the floor. Braithe panicked thinking he'd just killed the first man he'd ever loved. He fell on his knees and lifted him up calling out his name. 

Cael looked at him. His pupils glowing. "I... feel... you... inside me... your power... your strength... it's amazing." 

"You swallowed too much! Why didn't you pull away?" Braithe said angrily. He was relieved that Cael was just high and not dead, but angry that he tried to swallow all of his essence. 

"No, never... I wanted you. I still want you... I want you Braithe!" Cael said and struggled in his arms until Braithe let him go. 

Braithe got a good look at Cael's erection for the first time and his mouth dropped open. The guy was almost as big as him. He stared at the twelve inch dick in front of him. He wrapped his hand around the hard shaft feeing it throb and pulse. 

"No! I want to be inside of you!" Cael grabbed him and threw him against the front of the couch. He ripped off Braithe's jeans and threw them on the floor. Braithe glanced at the delirious lustful look in Cael's eyes. He was definitely high off his essence...