 "I've been dating him for like six months now, you said that online dating is full of creeps," Lillian boasted.

"Well, maybe he isn't a creep. I still don't like all that Pagan stuff...," Sheryls eyes rolled.

"Why? It all just feels right. It just-"

"You're a good Christian girl, Lillian, you... you can't just turn your back."

"Sorry, it feels wrong, to me, I don't want to just listen and follow blindly! Everything fire and brimstone. I want to think for myself, I remember back in school, reading about Greek mythology, Egyptian mythology and it felt energetic, like I could feel the distant energy of a time past. I just didn't know where to look, how to find it."

"I just don't want you going to hell, girl."

"Hell is an Abrahamic concept and nothing more, I renounced my Christianity. I'm happy and on a path of happiness."

"...okay... I still worry."

"Don't. I've got the other realm on my side. Harm none, do what ye will."

"Is that a curse?!"

"No, girl. It means as long as I don't hurt anybody; I can do as I please. Wiccan Rede. If I do, it'll come back threefold."

"That don't sound that bad. I guess."

"Sheryl, I gotta go, we have plans tonight. He said we are going to find our soul selves tonight."

Zane is busy preparing for tonight, gathering up all essential items, arranging them as need be. Listening to Chris Cornell on his phone via bluetooth.

"Ah it may not be seventeenth century hits, but this man knows his shit." Zane speaks to himself, lighting black and purple candles.

A knock on the door, he turns, staring in the general direction to where the door, unlocking it. Quickly laying out a few more things before leaving the room. Literally gliding down the steps in glee.

"It's unlocked my pet," he yells, gliding in to the dining room.

She walks in, quickly shutting, locking the door, tossing her jacket. She turns, he meets her quarter way in to the living room with a kiss.

"I've been looking forward to this all day, I want to see what my soul self looks like, what I actually look like."

"You will. On this new moon. Not only that, but... we are... going to go a bit more in depth. We are going to take a big step tonight, to share my power with you, to unite ourselves, our energy."

"Really, Zane," she gasped.

"Yep," he turns, with her hand in his. "That is how you'll see your soul self. Though we have power here, we must go to our source."

"You promise this will work, how's it work?"

"With really powerful sex magic. To give, to share my power is to truly unite ourselves. A physical connection to bridge the gap. We will forever be linked, mind you. So if you're having second thoughts..."

"No, not a single one. I know this was meant to be," she follows up the steps. "I don't think I could find a better teacher and boyfriend. I've felt whole since you started teaching me, Zane."

"Please, babe; call me Zanaeris." . "Sure, Zanaeris."

They kiss in the corner at the top of the stairs, his hands slipping under, up her back, hers down the back of his pants. They linger a moment.

"C'mon," he smiles.

They walk in the bedroom, her eyes light up at his arrangement; lilacs, baby's breath, and saffron scattered on the bed, black and purple candles, parchment paper and mortar and pestle, assorted herbs, a giant egg, athame, what looked like a vial of essential oil, two crowns made of porcelain berry and kudzu vines, a clay bowl, his ritualistic zippo. She walks over and notices a pouch she didn't see and what was written on the small parchment papers; runes she didn't recognize and the Theban Alphabet on the other, something she'd been studying diligently, telling herself she would write her whole book of shadows in. Slowly undressing, she has a thought.

"This isn't going to get all screwed up because I'm not a virgin is it, 'cause I'd hate for all this to be for nothing."

"Babe; that doesn't matter in this situation," he laughs. "I don't think that really matters in anything, nothing I've read or experienced."

"Just making sure," she finishes undressing.

He just watches with a smile, those soft supple breast, even in the bra flop and bounce as the bottom of her hoodie snags them. The way they're drug over as she spins the bra clasp to the front, letting it drop. There they hang. The way they up-turn, he thinks how it's been centuries since such unique breast have been seen. They just don't shape them like that anymore.

"Such miraculous breast you've got there."

"I always thought they were kinda weird, like fat bananas or something," she cups them.

"The world is weirder than you think."

She stares a moment as he stands there akimbo before kicking her shoes off and going at her jeans. While he's admiring her body, she can't wait to see what his looks like. Pulling her jeans down some, catching the cuffs with her heels, he watches closely, inspecting her hips, sufficient enough for birthing, while he switches his phone to play love songs by Type O-Negative.

"I'm ready Zaenaris," she speaks, showing him full frontal a nice little bush. "Waiting on you."

She's more perfect than I thought, he concludes, staring at such a healthy bush. He quickly pulls on his belt. "As am I," his pants drop.

He moves in for the kiss. His erection grows, the tip meets between her legs, brushing against her bush meeting face to face with her navel. She sucks on his lower lip with a quiet moan thinking not only of seeing her soul self, but having him in her.

"Time to commence," he pulls away.

He hands her a piece of parchment and adds ingredients in to the mortar, herbs and other things. Grabbing his athame.

"Read this, then you must add some blood to this. I cut you, I read mine, and you cut me."

"To the mother, to the father, rebirth and creation; I present myself conduit to you."

He holds out her arm with a quick slice, dripping her over the mortar. Speaks his line in an unknown language, holding his arm out for her. She cuts him and adds his to the mix. He takes the pestle and mushes the mix, it seems to smoke some. The candles burn harder. He sets both papers in the clay bowl.

"Now you lay down, we must make love to not only appease, but garner the trust of the gods. As we get horny, it opens up our state of consciousness," he grabs the essential oil.

She lays down, he kisses the bottoms of her feet, then rubbing a bit of oil on them, sucking her toes, kissing up her legs, the closer to her bush he got, the more the kisses turned to licks, following with the oil. Such a thing won't effect his body only a mortals. Once absorbed in her skin, her muscles will be useless to her. He hands her another parchment piece, instructing once he enters her, she must repeat the phrase. His tongue glides past her bush, not before a deep whiff with his nose, it drops in her navel making her tense slightly with a surprising moan. Kissing her sides, across her stomach, under her breast, around them before taking a nipple in his mouth to suckle, she moans and holds his back. He tugs on her breast with his teeth, she closes her eyes, he moves on to the next one, noting it's a tad more sensitive. He practically sinks his teeth in to her neck, causing her a gentle yelp, her nails dig in his back. As he sucks, her hips slowly hump at him. He makes his way to her lips, slowly their lips brush each other before her tongue slips in his mouth. As they exchange tongues and smack lips, he pulls back some, letting the kisses barely connect.

Taking the oil and slowly rubbing her breast slightly upsetting their stillness as they give in his hands, going to her shoulders, circling back down her stomach, to her sides. Up her arms and neck. Placing the vial back, he takes the ostrich egg, cracking it in the mortar, mixing it with the rest. The candles burn harder. He takes the mixture, draws a large symbol on her stomach with a line down her bush.

"I hope you memorized that spell, you'll be needing to recite it soon."

She nods.

He kisses her labia, slowly pushing his tongue in. She still has some movement, her legs raise. He sucks the lips, letting his tongue trace around inside her, she's ever so wet. He lets her moans guide him, for she can't climax yet. He sticks his tongue as deep as it can go, penetrating her several times with it. He massages her clit with it, she's nothing but "ohs" and agreements. He pushes it, flicks it, rubs it with his tongue. She starts to breathe harder and harder, he stops. Taking the rest of the mix, tracing around her labia, rubbing some on his penis.

"recite the spell," he instructs.

"Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you."

"Good girl," he holds the pouch open. "Sniff this."

She snorts what he had pinched in his fingers, he followed suit, setting it down and placing both second spell parchments in the bowl. He speaks his piece, lights the paper, and sat it in the bowl igniting the rest, sealing the deal.

She's in a daze, it looks as if the candles are as bright as road flares, but the room grew darker. "Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you." She didn't mean to speak, but it just came out.

"It's begun," he spoke as he entered her.

Slowly he drags himself in and out all the way to the tip and back in. Her pupils dilated over as she tries to focus on him, wanting to pull him close, her arms weigh heavy, every sound rings loud, every touch overwhelms her body. Every single nerve ending in her feels every detail of his penis stroking in and out long and slow. Her body trembles by itself and instantly an orgasm builds in intensity and lingers longer than the flash it usually is. She screams and the only thing that comes out is; "Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you!"

"I'm so glad we're doing this, I've been looking for somebody to share my life with. I didn't think I'd find somebody in time. All these eons, I thought surely this life would be my last." He whispered. "Do you love me like I love you?"

"Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you," she nods as his voice nearly screams in her ears.

"You will hafta trust me on this. If your soul is as old as I believe, you will at some point see your soul self, you will share my energy, but not how I explained. I will be a part of you until I am reborn. You will have my powers. If successful you will be my Goddess partner."

Her eyes glaze over as another orgasm builds, her body shakes, he quickened his pace, slamming in her. She takes a deep breath as her body gives her a violent orgasm that seems to never stop, her pussy clenches itself around him.

"Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you. Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you. Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you," her mouth seems to be working on it's own, expressing her orgasm.

The room seems to be pitch black despite the road flare like candles, electricity seems to connect them in arcs. He speaks another spell, her stomach markings glow. Placing her legs on his shoulders, he penetrates her deeper, her womb opens as his head pushes inside it. Pounding her straight in to her womb, her orgasm leaves her gasping for air, seemingly never ending.

"Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you," she shouts."Come in to me, I am the conduit, I welcome you!"

He reaches climax, his penis swells, pumping ounces in to her as his body seems to break down like rain, following his ejaculate in to her womb. The spell is finished as well as her last climax. She sits up in pain watching her stomach swell to the second trimester.