 She woke up seemingly hung over, with decent stomach pain as she tried to bend over to climb out of bed. Stumbling in the bathroom, wincing as she dropped to the toilet, hitting her stomach on the bowl. She dry heaves for twenty minutes before a familiar voice in her head speaks.

"Finally you're awake."

She looks around, getting up to walk out the bathroom.

"Stop. Look," the voice catches her in the mirror.

She looks at her bare body, down to her stomach; the skin pulled enough her veins nearly show, all the red soreness, from the bulge.

"Yeah, the abrupt pregnancy does cause some pain, a human body is better suited for gradual expansion. Sorry." 

When she heard pregnancy, she let out a scream turning the mirror to mere particles. "How the fuck am I pregnant?!"

"That's what the spell was for. I needed to be reborn. I knew you were the one. This is the ultimate show of love."

"Z-zane...?"

"Zanaeris, but yes. It is I... inside of you."

"Are you kidding me, is this a joke?!"

"I assure you this was not done in jest. I really am a God, I really am inside of you. This is the curse I bare for staying on the mortal realm, every few hundred or so years I must be reborn, or I may perish," he explains.

"I gotta get an abortion, quick. Fuck this."

"Won't work. You have all my power, basically. I am just the core you channel it from. You'll realize soon enough that you are a new woman, who thinks different and bare different instincts, some you can't control. You can't, or let anybody else harm me, if you don't believe me; go to the kitchen, grab a knife and stab yourself in the stomach."

She grabs one of his hoodies, throws on a pair of his sweatpants, her shoes and shambles downstairs. Full intent to do as he challenged, finding herself going to the fridge. Stuffing food in her mouth, drinking from the cartons, jugs, and bottles. Managing to pull herself to the drawer of cutlery and other cooking utensils, grabbing a knife, her eyes quickly darted to a cabinet, flinging the door away, the knife pierced a can of spaghetti sauce. She carved it open, drinking the contents. She tried to stab herself again, only repeating the results with a can of pears. She slumps down in tears.

"I told you."

"Now what," she cried.

"Well... your instincts will take over, for the most part. I need- we will need energy, life force. This will take a toll on your mortal body. It'll be like recharging me, which we have till the next new moon to do so, that is when I'll be born."

"What happens if it doesn't work?"

"Either you'll turn in to some hideous monster, like a wyvern, or something. Or explode violently. My memory is hazy on the matter."

"What do I need to do, my love, she sighed.

"Drain the essence of those in power. Metaphorical power."

"How?"

"Fuck them. Coitus. Once their seed is in you, your body will do the rest. That's the goal, though you can do anybody as filler, and pretty much anybody you have sex with, will be drained, but focus on those of power."

"Like the president?"

"Basically. Really anybody who's went through a ritual to get in a position of power."

"My manager wants to fuck me, does that count, he had to go through training and a promotion. That count?"

"Exactly."

"I should be losing my damn mind right now, I can't believe I'm so calm."

"You have a higher purpose, you are adapting. Don't worry about being pregnant as a turn-off, they won't be able to resist your charm."

"He wants to fuck me anyway... and he's an asshole," she grins.

Later on while at work, Lillian was called in the manager's office before her shift was over, something she was looking forward to, for once.

"I understand you're wanting to move up in to a better paid position, I've been, shall we say; noticing you. I'm just not sure if you could handle the stress. I've also heard you were going to complain to upper management about my ways of handling things," Kransley stated.

"Some of those women just aren't suited for the jobs they have. They're afraid to complain about your... mentoring, we'll call it."

She feels this urge come about her, like she could melt him in her hands. "That's it, don't fight it," Zaenaris spoke. Her eyes narrowed as she looked on. "I'm not, my love. This feeling is overwhelming," she thought.

"Team players are what we need here. I'm afraid you might not be a good fit here. You turned down my tutelage several times and now you want to make waves-" 

"Sir. I get it," she steps closer. "Maybe I was wrong, you wouldn't be where you are, if you didn't know what you were doing."

"Oh," he catches her gaze, trapped. "You're absolutely right. I did work hard."

"I am right about one thing. Those other girls don't know what they're doing, they might suit the job, but they don't suit your mentoring. I'm interested, take me under your wing. You'll see- promise you I'm top bitch here."

Her pupils dilated, digging in to his eyes. She sits on his desk, every word spewing pheromones, her hypnotic stare has him in a gitty daze.

"Tell me what you want."

"I want to fuck your brains out," he dryly spoke.

"Do it. Right now," she commands.

He gets up, locks his door, returns to her standing there giving him puppy dog eyes.

"Can you suck my dick, my wife refuses to do it."

"Sure, boss man, let's get those pants down," she cooed.

He drops his pants, she drops to her knees, letting him grow in her mouth. Not as big as Zaenaris, but she will take pleasure from it. Taking it to her throat and back twice, pulling it out, letting her tongue tip trace the shaft, she looks up.

"Promise to give me a promotion after this?"

"Lil, if it's good, you'll be working your way up, faster than my erection."

"Even if your wife did suck your dick, she'd never be this good," she went back down.

Locking her lips around it, going down it really just fits perfect in her mouth, mere centimeter or two from her uvula. She cocks her head back and fourth, pressing with her tongue, him against the roof of her mouth. With a hard suck on the upstroke, relaxing back down, feeling his body shake each time her lips grab the bottom of the helmet. She speeds up and stops.

"We can't have you cumming so soon. What kinda trainee would I be if I didn't take the whole lesson," she grinned.

"Very true, I knew you'd catch on."

"The desk, right?"

He tugged her pants down as she sat on the desk edge, his pants still dropped, looking at her pussy, it appears to drool and breath. He goes right in. Her legs wrap around him, pulling him deeper.

"Fuck, this feels great, it fits perfect, feels like it's sucking it for me," he exclaimed.

"Just don't hurt me too much, Kransley," she whispered. Her and Zaenaris laughed to themselves.

Kransley pulled out some, shoving it in. Pounding her, she tightens up as he muffles his own moans. His hands dig in her hips, she throws her head back in a long gasp, the impacts triggering her clit. His eyes meet hers again, she looks at him, biting her lower lip, she doesn't even feel the stomach pain anymore. He doesn't stop pace, but long strokes her. She lays back on his desk, releasing him, sticking her legs out for him to grab. Her orgasm is building up.

"Yeah, make me cum, sir. I'm so close. The other girls lie, I knew you weren't no minute man," she begged.

He pounds her as hard as he can, the sound echos in the office, he feels his balls swell, his legs get weak. Her legs shake as she climaxes.

"Yes sir! Yes!"

She spreads her legs parallel to the desk, knocking over the phone. His pace slows, his brow is sweaty, he's close. He takes a deep breath, ramming it in, letting it go. His dick throbs and throbs, pumping in her, much like Zaenaris did. His body shakes, his breath shortens, skin grows pale. Her pussy is clenched so tight, it may be the only thing keeping him on his feet. He turns completely blue, seemingly losing all body fat, as his body falls back in his chair, eyes rolled back in his head.

"So much for that promotion," she said faux concerned.

She drives to a gas station to pick up a soda, thinking about the situation.

"Is this all I have to do," she thought.

"Pretty much," Zaenaris replied.

Walking out, two guys pretended to ask her for directions, snatching her up to the alley behind the store.

"Lemme get that money and pussy bitch," tall one ordered.

"I woulda gave you some pussy if you asked nice, but now you get shit."

Broad one backhands her and pins her on a telephone pole, she pushes against him, backhanding him back, knocking him down.

"This ain't no game! You wanna fight like a man, I'll treat you like one," tall one threatens.

She backhands him too, sending him to the ground. Remembering this morning, she lets out that high pitched scream, busting their eardrums. As they cry in pain, struggling to get up, she field goal kicks the tall one down the alley, impacting his chest, the broad one tries to rush her, she slices him up with her fingernails, turning him by his shoulder, bending him backwards until his spine snapped. Watched him crawl back to the parking lot in a wash of blood, ever so proud of herself.

"That actually felt good. I kinda feel bad, but they deserved it more than my boss," she thought.

"They're both criminals in my mind. Your boss a rapist, those guys obviously rapist and thieves. You took it too far, but whatever. I know I said let it happen, but still have some control and discrepancy, baby."

"You're the baby," she giggled. "I feel myself not being who I was, it all feels natural but like, foreign."

She turns around to walk to her car and sees a cop talking to the broad guy, he looks up and spots her, closes in. She notices he looks past her, even with the strobes on.

"What happened here, that guy said you massacred them both?!"

"Um... um..." she looks up with dilated pupils, catching his eyes, starting to cry. "They wanted to rob me! That guy over there in the alley ordered me to gi-give them money and my pus... pussy! I was scared, officer!"

"I understand. But... what did you fight them with," he wondered. "How did such a small lady like you fend off these two bruisers?"

"I used my bare hands," she coughed, showing him her hands with blood and skin still on them.

"Holy shit lady," he exclaims, catching her gaze again. "You must have been really scared. Just come back to my car, I'll take your statement, call in another ambulance and I might have some pamphlets. You need a ride home?"

"No, but think you officer," she hugged him, walking with him to the car.

He sat down and called in a second ambulance and prepared to do some paperwork.

"This is why I love you boys in blue," she sniffled. "Always trying to do justice. What's right."

"We try, it's often a thankless job, it pays like shit, but somebody gotta do it."

"I should thank you with a gift. Something carnal."

"Ma'am?"

"Yeah, like you said. Let me suck you before they get here, you deserve it."

"Yeah... I do. I want my dick sucked," he exclaimed.

"I'll make it quick, don't want the ambulance drivers catching it, you could lose your job. Then who'd protect us," she got on her knees.

He pulled his dick out and she quickly went to work, one hard suck and he was erect in an instant. She bobbed on him as he gripped the steering wheel, pushing her head down, breaching her throat.

She pulled up briefly to say; "I love your nightstick," going back down.

A little faster, tightening her throat around him, keeping it there as he throbs and moans. Pulls up to his tip and back down repeatedly giving him his release. The initial load is thick, all after is smooth like butter. He gasp for air as his body grows weaker, he loses focus as he tries to knock her away, pulling her hair and trying to punch as hard as he can. She just sucks harder, his arms fall, eyes sink in to their sockets, as his skin goes blue. She quickly goes to her old Land Trekker and leaves, passing the ambulance mid block.

"I forgot to tell you, I have you on my books," Zaenaris spoke.

"You're books?"

"You know; my records."

"Come on, what are you getting at?!"

"My bank accounts and things. You are on them, so you can be taken care of."

"Oooh. Why didn't you say that? How much money do you have?"

"Let's just say a millenia ago I could've probably bought a country..."

"And you live in that old ass house?!"

"I designed and built that house in the seventeenth century," he stated matter-of-factly.

She redirects towards his place, "The least I could do is clean up your bedroom."

"Your credit card is on the counter. I guess since you are carrying and will birth me, cleaning my... our bedroom would be the least thing," he laughed.

"Are you actually an infant in there?"

"No, I'm not. You're more like a cacoon. I'm like a viscous... fluid energy, whatever thing."