 "That really ruins what I thought. My stomach is filled with a mucous ball. Gross."

"So it was only my sexy body you loved, I get it," he snarked.

"No I do love- you're a jerk."

Zaenaris just laughs and her stomach moves."

"Aww... you're kicking," she retorted.

Two weeks later, she wakes up not with a motherly glow at all at the end of her seemingly second trimester.

"Aahh. Oooch. My stomach is growing so fast," she whines. "By the time I get used to it, it gets bigger, and heavier."

"It'll be over sooner than you think."

"I hate dealing with this, but you are the love of my life."

"You've done spectacular, a brand new woman, you are."

"Yeah, plus these guys are dying to get this preggo pussy!"

"I've never had a birther collect so much, but these are different times where any pointless position is considered to have some deeper meaning."

"Everybody thinks they're important and entitled."

She decides to take advantage of their fortune and buy a new car, going to a prime dealership and spots the car she wants.

"Can I help you, miss," asked the car salesman.

"Yes. I'd like this car, and I don't even need a test drive," she states.

"The Prancer RX is a brilliant car; synchrodrive all wheel drive system, ground control suspension, six speed manual..."

"And five fifty pounds of downforce with the aerokit," she finished.

"I own one too, the electric purple one outside," he spoke proudly.

"Then you know how great they are. Please, arrange the paperwork."

"This is it! This is the car I want!"

Some high schooler comes running to the car, trailed by his father.

"Please, you must arrange a test drive for my son," demands rich bastard.

"Excuse me sir, I've already begun to purchase this car," Lillian claims.

"My son wants this car, he just got his license, he's a man now. Besides; a woman like you, in your condition, shouldn't be driving a car like this," he snobbed.

"What?!"

"There's a used Altus minivan out there, I suspect it'd take you about twelve years to pay off. This is a car for a man."

"I'm buying this car," she snapped.

"Only a real man can drive that," said bastard child.

"Yeah... and you... boy! Are just going to run it in to a wall and kill yourself."

She pulls out her Black Card from her purse, waves it in their faces. She peers in to the salesman's eyes.

"Prepare my paperwork, please,"

"Right away," he turns on his hills.

"Now see here," rich bastard yells.

She gives him and his son the look.

So, you're both big men, huh?"

They nod sternly. She looks towards the salesman.

"Where's the bathroom, sir?!"

"Over in that hallway, ma'am."

"Thank you, and nevermind these two ever being here," she looks at father and son. "Come show me how big a man you are."

They lead her to the mens bathroom, allowing her to step in first. She see's the son follow.

"Oh no, you, little boy wait outside," she picks him up by his armpit setting him in front of the women's. "This is not father and son bonding time. Go play in the parking lot.

She shuts the door, removing her clothes. He drops his pants, hanging his suit jacket on the hook, unbuttoning his silk shirt. She kicks her maternity flared jeans to the side with her bra and t-shirt.

"Show me what you got. I'm not giving you head, since you were so rude."

"My apologies miss."

He turns her, bending her over the sink, sticking his fairly decent sized dick in her, rocking it in nice and slow.

"Careful my stomach," she cooed.

"Ofcourse," he replied.

She lets out moans nearly as slow as his stroke. He rubs her back some, gliding his hands around her stomach and blocking it from the sink edge as he pushes.

"Thank you for sparing the child," Zaenaris mentioned.

"Duh. I'm a Goddess, not a Gorgon."

She yelps as he picks up pace, pulling her, instead of pushing. He leans on her, grabbing her breast, massaging them, tweaking her nipples before using them as leverage to pull her in to him. She moans and yelps as she's pounded. He grunts hard, she's starting to build her orgasm and he's already going.

"See. Let this be a lesson, baby; money can't buy you everything."

He pumps hard and she takes it from there. Sucking him dry on principal. His skin shrivels, turning blue to gray, drying and cracking. She releases leaving a husk.

With her clothes back on, she signs the paperwork, takes the keys and tells him there's a bonus for him, if they can deliver her Land Trekker to the house. They open the access door and she's off in her new car.

"You like it?"

"I love it. It's the first thing, like real thing, I've ever bought and new."

"Can't wait to drive it. Cars still interest me. It really wasn't that long ago everybody rode horse and carriages."

She dumps the clutch, squealing with happiness.

"Oh god, yes!"

"Don't bring me in this."

"You're a sexy lil slut," the stranger said, fucking her in the back of the club.

"So this is what it's like in the VIP section, I love it," she screams over music.

One of the club owners has her laid out on the couch in one of the VIP rooms, whilst another watches on. 

"C'mon, I know you wanna unwind after that rap concert you did," she waves over the rapper.

The club owner backs off, so he can get his turn. She peeks over her belly at a second large dick, ready to go to work. Dropping his pants, he dives in leaving her in a gasp, long stroking as hard as he can.

"Awe yeah,dis bitch is live right herr!"

He puts her legs on his shoulders, reaching under her ass, lifting her up. The club owner looks on, stroking himself. He strokes away, stopping before he cums.

"Flip over fo' me, so my man can get his dick sucked."

"Sure big daddy," she agrees, getting on all fours.

"Yeah, 'cause I'm bout ready to bust."

Club owner holds her face, guiding his dick in her mouth, rocking the first few inches. The rapper, staring at her ass, spits on her tight hole and shoves it in, working his way deeper and deeper, balls deep. She takes a deep breath after he gets the feel of it and rams it back in, causing her to suck the owners dick down her throat.

"Brah, dis ass is like silk, ah swear!"

She's getting smashed between two guys, one fucking her face, which is a first for her and she's enjoying that. Her ass being pounded hard, his balls slapping her clit over and over, also a new sensation, each impact brought her closer and closer to another orgasm, as she screams through the owners dick going in and out of her throat. She nearly buckles, another first. 

"Yeah, keep it clenched," he growled.

They finally find a good rhythm as she's rocked back and forth, nearly violently. She feels them both start to swell, her eyes roll back as her smacked clit hits it's limit again. She keeps a vacuum on the owner as he starts to grunt hard pushing his dick down her throat with short thrust, spraying his cum and essence. He drools with one long moan, as he shrivels, the rapper seemingly blind to it. She watches him slump to the floor as she hits another climax, triggering the rappers, they both scream and yell as he dumps in her. Her climax reaching its lingering end as she drains him, gurgling as he falls over on her, shriveling her body shaking, she collapses on the couch as he slides to the floor. Quickly she dresses and struts out before the bouncers check in on him. 

"Shit that was great," she yelled jumping in her car. "I think I might be a sex addict."

"It should subside some once this is all over. Imagine the sex we'll have once you're truly a goddess."

"You're going to make me horny all over again."

"Luckily we don't have much longer at all."

"I hope not, looks like there's three of you in there."

She pulls up at their house, walking in and starts eating cold pizza on the coffee table before dozing off.

Week and a half passes, halloween day is here, Lillian is at city hall watching the senator having some kinda press conference. 

"Why are we here," Zaeneris asked.

"I challenged myself. I'm going to make our dickhead senator my last victim."

The press conference winds down. She focuses as he gets off stage, graying everything out, trapping him in her gaze as she meets him at his limo.

"Can I get a personal interview, senator?"

"Sure, step in my limo," he agreed. "Driver, make some rounds and drop her behind the hall."

They get in, off they go, along with their clothes too. He massages her tits, taking each one in his mouth as she quietly moans.

"Don't worry, the back is completely soundproof."

She sits there as he suckles on her tits, he reaches for her clit, fingering her, working her up. She quickly puts her mouth around his dick, sucking gleefully as he lays back moaning and groaning, pushing her head down, humping his hips a little. She pulls up with a smack, causing him to tense up. He turns her around doggystyle on the floor, straddling her, sticking it in with umph as they keep their balance in a turn. Slow hard thrust in to her, his hands locked on her shoulders, his balls smacking her clit over and over, she bites her lower lip as she cums. The limo haults, causing them to fall, not feeling any pain, she goes with it.

"Sorry this has to be so quick."

"No problem."

He humps her hard, setting up, digging his hands in her cheeks pounding away. She's grunting, he's grunting as he pumps and dumps. She drains him, leaving a complete husk. She's dropped off behind the hall, the limo zooms off.

Later on that night, in bed her stomach rumbles hard, contracting and expanding. Her body can barely move. She musters all her strength, reaching, spreading her pussy wide open as fluid gushes out. She screams and shakes, noticing something in it, right before passing out.