 Being late October, the night wind was bitterly cold. The sky was unusually cloudless, meaning the innumerable stars and low hanging full moon were very bright and visible. Sareena stared up at them without really seeing them.

Sareena was beautiful to an unearthly extent. Her face was slightly round, with deep set light green eyes, a small nose and full ruby red lips. Her jet black hair was tied back in a single plait that trailed between her shoulders.

Her skin was flawless and pale, but the pallor wasn't a detriment – in fact it only made her more beautiful. She was tall, with long slender legs and an athletic frame. Her breasts were perfectly round and a 34B, while her rear was just as small but firm and round.

She was stood on the balcony of a penthouse apartment in the Four Seasons hotel in London, staring at the city nightlife with sorrowful eyes. She wasn't paying attention to any of it, but was instead lost in thought.

She was thinking of the only lover she had ever had - an intelligent, funny, compassionate and simply gorgeous woman named Helena. She could see the cobalt blue eyes and heartbreaking smile that had captivated her and made her fall in love.

The last time they had been in this city, Helena had asked her if she would stay with her forever. Sareena had told her yes, tears of happiness in her eyes. A few days later, in Paris, Helena had been taken from her because of terrified and angry humans.

A particularly icy blast of wind blew across the balcony, and Sareena shivered – not surprising since she was only dressed in a robe. As she pulled the robe a little tighter, the sound of idle chatter reached her ears, so she focused on the source and was drawn to a small nightclub down the street.

It appeared to be a gothic nightclub.

She scanned the line of people outside the club and noticed that they were all very young – around their early twenties – and dressed in outfits that involved chains, leather, lace and – in some cases – velvet. As she looked at them, Sareena felt two sensations that she had not felt since Helena's death almost a century and a half ago.

The first thing she felt was a dampness between her legs. It was an arousal brought on due to the numerous handsome boys she could see – and some of the beautiful teenage girls. This surprised Sareena as – since Helena's death – she had lost her sex drive completely, so he level of sheer sexual desire she felt was nearly overwhelming.

The second thing she felt was a desire to leave her suite and find someone to feed from, find a pair of arms to feel loved in, if only for one night. As she gazed at the humans, she suddenly made up her mind.

Turning, she headed into the suite.

Half an hour later, Sareena joined the back of the queue outside the nightclub. She immediately drew looks of lust from everybody else who was stood in it. Every time a male looked in her direction, she could see the erection grow in their trousers, and every time a female looked, she could smell their arousal filling the air.

Her vampire pheromones would have caused that effect anyway, but Sareena wasn't utilising them at that specific moment – her outfit was clearly having the desired effect, making everyone nearby want her or want to be her.

She was dressed in a black dress that stopped just under her firm buttocks, showing off her long legs which were wrapped up in black silk stockings. On her feet were high heeled boots that added at least another inch to her height. The dress also possessed a very low v neckline, showing off the sides of her breasts and the lack of a bra. On her wrists were silver bracelets. Her hair was brushed and curled, while her face was flawless despite the lack of makeup.

She was halfway to the entrance of the club when a man stepped out of the club. He spoke to the man at the door who was denying or allowing entry, then looked down the line, locking eyes with her – Sareena immediately felt her own underwear become damp. He wasn't human, that was for sure – she knew the smell of an Alpha vampire, and his powerful pheromones were evident even from where she stood.

--------------------

Lucien stepped out onto the street, glad to be temporarily free of the crush of humanity inside his club. Truthfully he enjoyed the way humans - who didn't know each other in the least – could come to a place such as this and form links that would last only the night – or less.

He stood beside Casey, the teenage human who had drawn the bouncer duty that security sorted amongst themselves, and took the clipboard from him.

"Another busy night, eh sir?" Casey laughed.

"It would appear so. This Hemsworth on the guest list. Which one is it?"

"The young one sir."

"Ah, okay," he nodded, although truthfully everyone on earth was young to him. "Let ten more in and turn the rest away."

"Will do, sir." Casey answered. Lucien turned his head and cast his gaze down the line that had formed. His eyes were instantly drawn to a raven haired female halfway down – perhaps the single most beautiful woman he had laid his eyes on.

He knew at first glance that she was one of his kind, and a relatively old one at that – he could feel the effect of the innate and powerful sexual charms that all vampires possessed emanating from her and turning on everyone in a ten foot radius.

Truthfully she wasn't actively using them, but her incredibly flawless beauty – which included an absolute mesmerising pair of green eyes – and phenomenal figure were drawing men and women like flies. He had to speak to this woman in private.

Lucien turned back to Casey and tapped him on the shoulder.

"Casey?"

"Sir?"

"See the woman about halfway down, in the little black dress?" he asked. Casey looked down the line and saw several black haired girls in black dresses, then he saw the woman Lucien had to be referring to. He whistled appreciatively.

"Yes sir..." He nodded.

"I wish to talk to her. Give her VIP access, and a private booth to herself."

"Yes sir." Casey noted the instruction on his clipboard. Lucien gave the woman one last look over, this time allowing her to see how he felt, then headed inside.

--------------------

He gazed at her for several moments, then smiled at her. She felt his power hit her like a freight train, and her arousal became even stronger. He leaned towards the security at the door and whispered something – the man looked at her too, smiled in appreciation and nodded to whatever instructions the apparent owner had given him.

The man gave her one last lingering look of clear sexual want, then retreated into the club. The line continued to move forward, until the guard announced that the club was full. There was a chorus of moans and mutters, then people started to disperse. Sareena made to leave, but the security guard suddenly stopped her.

"Ma'am?" he asked.

"Yes?" she answered warily.

"Mr Linden asks for your presence in his club this evening. He extends his hospitality and is offering you VIP access and a private booth."

"I thought the club was full." She frowned.

"That's for the general public, ma'am. There are private booths inside, and Mr Linden has arranged for one to put at your disposal."

"Oh, okay."

"This way please ma'am." The man said politely, turning and making his way into the club. Sareena followed him at a short distance, maintaining a wary caution just in case Mr Linden had any surprises planned. They walked through a small hallway, lined with tasteful gothic drawings, and then out into the club itself. Sareena felt her jaw drop.

The club was a heaving mass of humanity, most of it young teenagers. The bass heavy music reverberated through the floor and through her, having an effective on her most intimate areas. She sensed this was the idea behind the choice of songs that played in the building, as a lot of the crowd were acting in a rather...primal way, and her acute senses registered the heady and aphrodisiac scent of human arousal.

The club itself was tastefully designed, with the majority of the furnishings made of steel, marble and concrete. To her left was a well stocked bar, manned by a very gorgeous blonde who was flirting shamelessly with the patrons. To her right were a series of booths. The walls of the booths appeared to be two way mirrors, allowing the people inside a degree of privacy while seeing into the crowd outside.

Unbeknownst to them, vampires could see through two way mirrors, and what she could see made her hot under the metaphorical collar. In front of her was a metal walkway running around the outside edge of the room, each side having a spiral staircase leading down to a dancefloor.

The young security guard led her to one of the booths, opening the door to allow her to enter. There was a bottle and two crystal glasses on the small table, and two leather sofas at right angles.

"Mr Linden will be joining you shortly. If anything is needed, please press the button on the wall to your left," he indicated a black button on the wall, "and someone will be along as soon as possible. Is there anything you want need before I leave ma'am?"

"These are two ways mirrors aren't they?" she tapped the one beside her.

"Yes ma'am. The booth is also soundproofed to provide a relaxing atmosphere for you. Anything else, ma'am?"

"No, thank you." She shook her head. The young man nodded, then politely closed the door – the sound level immediately died down to a dull roar. Sareena sat down on one of the sofas and crossed her legs demurely.

Reaching forward, she picked up the bottle on the table and studied it. In the dim light – which she could nonetheless see perfectly in – it appeared to be a red wine, but she had an idea it was something else entirely. Uncorking it with a twist of her wrist, she raised it to her nose and inhaled softy, confirming her suspicion.

It was blood, and it was from a virgin if she wasn't mistaken. As she pondered where Linden may have gotten the blood from – if it was volunteered or forcibly taken – the door opened and the man she had seen outside stepped in, closing the door behind him.

He sat on the vacant sofa, placed his arms across the back of it and simply gazed at her. Sareena placed the bottle back on the table, sat back herself and studied him.

He was evidently muscular, as his expensive – and well tailored – black three piece suit clung to him like a second skin. His eyes were a sea blue, while his stylishly short hair was a light shade of brown. He had a strong jaw, and a certain rugged set to his face. She could feel the seductive pull of his Alpha genetics, and he didn't seem to be hiding it.

Sareena suddenly got hit with a very vivid mental image, which left her gasping – her naked body pinned beneath his on the very sofa she was perched on, him fucking her with deep, powerful thrusts, her climax making her scream in pure ecstasy while he buried his fangs in her neck and his own climax filling her completely.

Linden hadn't moved, but she could see the same arousal in his eyes. She wondered if he had just shared the same vision she had experienced.

--------------------

Linden studied the woman before him, struck once again by her flawless beauty and sexual charm. He sensed, however, that the strong, confident appearance she was presenting was a well crafted facade – he could sense a deep well of sorrow within her, and wondered what could have made a woman so beautiful and naturally strong withdraw so deeply.

Their eyes locked, and a thread of sexual pull connected them – a thread that struck him with a very arousing image. Clearly she had seen the same, as she gasped, then blushed as she looked away. Leaning forward, he gave her a chance to regain her composure by filling both glasses with the contents of the bottle and holding one out to her.

She took it, and their fingers brushed together – Lucien saw her eyes dilate. He had felt a shock of energy pass between them, and it had surprised him as much as it had her. He could smell how wet she was and – despite the pallor of vampirism – she was minorly flushed.

Leaning back, he smiled as politely as he could.

"My name is Lucien." He told her.

----------------------

Sareena accepted the glass of blood from Linden, and as she did their fingers momentarily touched – the contact sent a jolt through her system and she felt her face flush. Linden leaned back and smiled, and it was a charming smile.

"My name is Lucien." He said quietly.

"Sareena." She replied.

"Ah. A beautiful name for a very beautiful woman." He chuckled softly, giving her a brief glimpse of lethally sharp looking fangs.

"Thank you. And thank you again for your generous hospitality. It was unnecessary but very kind of you."

"I appreciate your thanks, but in all truthfulness I provided this booth for you as I wished to speak to you in a private setting. It is a long time since I encountered another of my kind."

"Likewise for me. You are an Alpha if I'm not much mistaken."

"I am. I tend not to reveal my nature to people, but your vampiric nature was evident, so I know I am safe. Even in this day and age, most people react to such a statement with fear and revulsion, which I would prefer not to instigate." He stated. Sareena nodded, well aware of humanity and their tendency to kill what they didn't understand.

"May I ask what drew you to my club?" he asked after Sareena didn't speak. "I presume you didn't sense my nature until you arrived, so it wasn't me."

"I would rather not discuss it."

"Sareena, you are safe here. No one is going to harm you, least of all myself. Quite frankly, any individual wishing to lay hands on you will have to confront me first and rest assured – I was destroying people in service to Caesar."

"You knew Caesar?"

"I did. But you are changing the subject." He said sharply.

"Why are you so curious, Lucien? What makes my decisions any business to yourself?" she snapped back, trying to sound angry but acutely aware that the sexual attraction between them made her voice too breathless to be effective.

"I wish to know what makes a woman – a woman who is clearly strong, sexy and intelligent – withdraw so deeply within herself. I can see the despair in your eyes. A woman like you should not have to resort to trolling nightclubs in an effort to find joy. Tell me what happened?"

"I...I can't." Sareena answered quietly, taking a long sip of her drink.

"Is it an ex-lover?" he inquired, and that simple question caused her to burst into tears.

--------------------

Lucien watched the tears slide down her pale cheeks, and felt anger at himself for being so callous and offhand. He shifted over to sit beside her, and gave her the handkerchief from inside his jacket pocket. She accepted it graciously and wiped her tears from her cheeks and eyes.

"Forgive me. What was his name?"

"Her name was Helena." She corrected him quietly.

"My apologies. Was Helena one of us?"

"Yes. She was older than me by a century."

"If you don't mind me asking, what happened to her?" he inquired gently, holding her hand in his with his arm around her. Sareena shakily took a few deep breaths, then began to talk.