 Chapter 5 -- Darkness Approaches

As Dave awoke the next morning, he smiled at remembering that he had no lessons today; Merlin had given him the day off for self-study. Productive as he intended to be, he also planned to spend his every waking moment with the beautiful redhead snoozing next to him. Still, to accomplish both of these things would be difficult, as someone would likely come by to tend to Madeleine and bring them some food, thereby spoiling his plans. Slipping out of bed without a sound, he pulled his Incantus from his backpack and enlarged it with his ring on a nearby table.

Let's see... there's gotta be some way to make sure we aren't disturbed...

Dave perused through the enormous spell book for some time before finally finding a chapter entitled "Traps and Protections." This chapter contained the ring-binding spell he had performed yesterday, as well as a host of other enchantments and protective measures. Many of these were beyond his skill level, but one in particular caught his eye. It didn't appear too hard, and would serve his needs brilliantly. Before he could research further, he heard Madeleine sit up in bed behind him.

"Good morning, my love," she sighed, stretching her arms high.

"Morning," he grinned.

"I suppose you must leave for your lesson soon?"

"Actually, no. Merlin gave me the day off for self-study, and I plan to spend all of it with you," Dave replied.

"Oh, that is wonderful! But... would someone not discover our relationship were I to spend all day in here?"

"I am actually working on a solution to that as we speak. Why don't you go back to your room and get ready for the day while I take care of it? Bring a traveling cloak; I think a trip to that secluded lake nearby would make for a perfect place to practice my sorcery."

"That sounds lovely."

Almost the instant he had levitated Madeleine back over to her balcony, a knock came at Dave's door. Upon answering, he found a castle servant who had come to bring food for the day for him, which Dave accepted happily. After closing the door, he could hear the servant do the same for Madeleine next door. Once he was gone, Dave turned his attention back to the Incantus. The spell he had found was one designed to cause anyone attempting to enter the protected room to forget what they were doing altogether. A note from Merlin indicated that the old sorcerer had affectionately dubbed it the "Forget-Me-Knob" spell.

Focusing on the door to his room, Dave summoned his aura and took a hold of the door handle. He followed the instructions from the Incantus and transferred some of the power of his aura into the door handle while also focusing on the power of memory. A flash of light, and the handle returned to its normal appearance, causing Dave smiled with pride at his new spell. He then changed his clothes into a period-appropriate set of garments, including a long traveling cape for their ride out to the lake. Finally, Dave packed his food and Incantus into a satchel and slipped his bow onto his back before levitating himself over to Madeleine's balcony.

"Madeleine, are you ready?"

"I am. I suppose we should bring the food with us?"

"Sounds good to me," Dave agreed, holding up his satchel of fruit and bread.

"Splendid. But I still do not understand how none will know we are gone?"

"Watch."

Approaching her door, Dave repeated the same spell he had performed on his own door. Once the familiar flash of light had occurred, he turned back to Madeleine with a knowing grin.

"Madeleine, would you take hold of the door handle please?"

"Of course."

As she did so, she immediately stepped back, appearing dazed and confused for several seconds before looking surprised at Dave's presence.

"Oh! David?"

"Relax, it is the security measure I have put into place on our rooms. What is the last thing you remember?" Dave asked.

"That... we are to go to the lake together..."

"But you had forgotten that I had come to collect you for the journey, correct?"

"Y-yes, that is true."

"That is the protection I have put on both of our rooms. Anyone who touches our doors will immediately forget what they were doing and walk off in confusion. None shall know where we have been today," Dave grinned.

Madeleine sighed and shook her head a bit. "You really are the most clever man I have ever known." She took a black cloak and flung it over her shoulders, covering her hunter green dress. "Shall we go?"

On the balcony, Dave took Madeleine tightly in his arms and levitated them down to the ground several stories below. Now in an empty area of the castle's outer courtyard, the pair hid behind the stables to make sure they were alone. Dave peered into the barn and saw that they were almost completely empty, causing him to scratch his head in wonder. Still, one horse remained, an old, grey one with what appeared to be a calm demeanor. Dave slipped inside and quickly befriended the creature with a carrot from his food bag, allowing him to escape with hardly a sound. Outside, he helped Madeleine into the saddle before mounting up himself.

"Put your hood up," he said. "As long as we steer clear of Arthur or his knights, we should be able to ride out the gates without a problem."

The pair rode through the courtyard at a trot, soon approaching the open gate leading to the drawbridge. Before they could exit, a guard held up a hand and brought them to a halt.

"Where ye off to, son?"

"To hunt, my good man," Dave replied, gesturing to his bow.

"Ah. And the girl?" he asked, eyeing a hooded Madeleine.

Dave grinned. "It may well be a long day for me. The woods can become quite lonely at times."

The old gatekeeper chuckled at this. "Methinks you are right. Best be on guard; there are wolves in these woods."

"My thanks."

The gatekeeper opened the gate and watched the two ride off across the drawbridge. As they disappeared down the hill that Camelot was situated on, he caught sight of one of Arthur's Knights of the Round Table making his way towards him.

"Ah, Sir Lancelot. Any news from His Highness?"

"None as of yet, Charles. Sir Ector has just given the order to close the gates at sunset today, rather than after nightfall."

"Aye, though I did just allow a young huntsman and his lady to leave. Will there be a problem if they do not return before then?"

"Perhaps a problem for them," Lancelot replied with indifference.

"I... of course," he replied.

Sunset... not much time, but it will have to do, Charles thought to himself.

*****

Madeleine squealed with delight as they galloped through the woods, her arms tight around Dave's chest. She felt so safe and secure with him, no matter the setting. Not even the potential threat of wolves frightened her; she knew Dave would protect her from anything. Soon, the trees began to thin out, and they arrived at last in a clearing with a lake expanding out before them.

"And here we are," Dave said, hopping to the ground.

"Why thank you," Madeleine replied, accepting his hand to join him.

After hitching their horse to a nearby tree, Dave put his supplies on the ground and began preparing his mind for working on his sorcery.

"I am so excited! I shall finally see all the feats of wonder you are capable of!" Madeleine said, bouncing up and down with giddiness.

"You will like this," Dave smirked, taking off his traveling cape and hanging it on a nearby tree branch with Madeleine's.

Stepping to the middle of the clearing, he began with a basic refresher on each of the elements. Fire was almost perfect, and water was coming along nicely as well, though he still needed more practice with it. A few gusts of wind confirmed his near-mastery of the element once again, though earth still needed a lot of work. He held off on lightning until his next meeting with Merlin, as dangerous as the element was. All the while, Madeleine sat on a nearby rock, her jaw open in amazement.

"Incredible..."

"Oh, we are only getting started," Dave replied.

Shifting his focus to fire, he conjured up a ball of flame in his hand, manipulating it to form it into a snake. The stream of flame danced through the air around him in such a way that made it both dangerous and beautiful at the same time. With great effort, Dave even managed to form this stream of fire into a whip, taking a page from Merlin's playbook. Maintaining its shape was more difficult than when he had created weapons with his aura, but Dave was still able to keep the weapon formed for several minutes. Soon, he allowed the fire to dissipate and turned his attention to the lake.

With great effort, Dave managed to repeat his feat from a moment before, forming a stream of water from the lake and dancing it around in the air. As it encircled him, he contemplated how to get better at conjuring water, since he would not always have a lake nearby to assist him. Glancing around the area, he noticed the blades of grass still glistening with dew, and the solution hit him like a bolt of lightning.

"Water is everywhere!"

"Pardon?" Madeleine asked.

Flinging the stream of water back into the lake, Dave jogged over to sit next to her on a log.

"I was thinking of how to get stronger at conjuring water, as I will not always have a lake nearby to assist me, and I just realized the truth. Water is everywhere, even when it does not appear to be!" Dave explained.

"How do you mean?"

"Watch."

Reaching out his hand, Dave focused on the tiny droplets of water adorning each blade of grass before them. At first, the area only appeared to be becoming misty, but he soon started to combine the droplets to form several spheres of water, each the size of a basketball. A flick of his wrist, and each one froze solid, crashing to the ground with a thud. Seeing a nearby daisy, Dave found that he was able to extract a surprising amount of water from the plant, wilting it in the process. Altogether, this water was about the size of a golf ball when combined.

"David... this is amazing..." Madeleine marveled.

"It all comes down to science. That is the only reason I am able to progress this quickly," he replied.

Dave went on to explain in layman's terms the basic scientific concepts behind the elements he had been using, showing how everything was made up of smaller particles invisible to the naked eye. Madeleine sat in quiet awe for the most part, yet understood most everything he was saying when she did speak. This pleased Dave to no end, further cementing her as more than just a pretty face in his mind.

Skipping the element of wind, Dave stood and turned his focus to earth, the one element that had given him the most difficulty. As he worked to connect with the ground beneath his feet, he began explaining to Madeleine about the relationship between the elements. She was fascinated by the concept of each element being strong against one of the others and weak against yet another. As she continued asking him questions about his sorcery, Dave managed to break a nearby stone up into rubble. As he was about to try using the levitation spell on the pile of rocks, Madeleine had a sudden stroke of brilliance.

"Do you remember what you just told me? About wind scattering earth?" she asked.

"Of course. Wind is strong against earth," Dave replied, not sure where she was going with this.

"It occurs to me, since you are so strong with wind, why not use it to help you more easily manipulate earth?"

Dave stood in stunned silence for a moment. "That... that is genius!" he finally exclaimed, rushing to give Madeleine an enthusiastic hug and kiss.

"Genius?"

"Oh, a term for incredible brilliance from my time."

"Ah, how kind of you," she replied, blushing a bit.

Returning to the pile of rubble, Dave first levitated the stones, then created a small pocket of wind around him. He allowed the wind to draw the rubble in and cause it to circle around him, having a similar appearance to the rings of Saturn. With this combination of two elements, Dave could quickly use either or both of them with ease. This was also far easier than levitating the rubble, as all he had to do in this case was keep the wind around him moving in the same circular pattern. After a few moments, he fired off the pebbles in rapid succession using a high-speed blast of wind, each shot like a blast of shotgun pellets.

"Madeleine, where would I be without you?" Dave marveled.

"With a gorgeous backside such as yours? In the arms of another lucky girl, I would imagine," she replied with a giggle.

"Good thing you seduced me while you could, I suppose."

"Seduced?" she said with mock indignation. "I did no such thing. I certainly did not do anything that you did not desire within your own heart."

"Hah! Tell the truth. I am just one of many time-traveling heroes that you have had your way with, yes?"

The pair erupted in laughter at this point, unable to continue their banter any longer. Seeing it was nearly midday, Dave took his traveling cape and transformed it into a blanket, spreading it on the ground. He then beckoned Madeleine over and began to spread the food from their bags out before them.

"In my time, this is called a picnic," Dave said. "Eating outdoors on a blanket, often in a picturesque location."

"One of your many oddities that I am swiftly becoming accustomed to," she smiled back. As they ate, she wondered, "David, tell me of the future. What manner of things shall I see there? How has the world changed in the course of a millennium?"

Pausing from his apple, he replied, "Probably the biggest changes have been in technology. All the technology of this time is man-powered, wagons, drawbridges and the like. Most of these things were made possible by your ancestors learning to use the elements to their advantage, namely fire. In my time, we have managed to harness another of the elements: lightning."

"You can control lightning?!"

"Not control, no. But lightning is a powerful form of what we call electricity. We have been able to duplicate this power on a much smaller scale. Have you ever walked on a carpet for a few seconds only to shock yourself the next time you touch an object or person?"

Madeleine giggled. "It was one of my favorite ways to play with Father as a child."

"That is the same power as lightning, just far weaker. We have managed to control and prolong that energy, using it to power all manner of machines. I could begin to describe them, but there are simply too many, and it would be quite overwhelming. It will be much easier to show you."

"Oh please, tell me of just one!" she pleaded, putting a pitiful whimper on her face.

"Very well," Dave sighed with a laugh. "We have a device known as a telephone, which allows a person to speak with any other person that has a telephone of their own, no matter how far away they may be. The first telephones were invented almost one hundred and fifty years before my time, using a series of wires and cables to connect the devices. In my time, the technology exists to connect telephones without wires, allowing people to bring these devices with them wherever they go, instead of leaving their telephones at home."

Madeleine sat in stunned silence for a few moments. "You mean to say... you can speak with someone in a different city than your own in an instant?"

"Yes, and even as far away as a different country."

"Incredible," she marveled. "With such technology at its disposal, please tell me that mankind has managed to eradicate the worst parts of life? War, famine, disease... do they still exist?"

"They do," he answered with a frown. "Disease has been kept under control for the most part, though it does still exist. But thanks to modern medicine, only the most rare and aggressive of diseases pose a significant threat to a person's life, and some of these can even be treated if they are detected early. Famine has been significantly reduced, though not eradicated. And war... well, I am convinced that humans will always find reasons to go to war with each other."

"Do you mean to say that the wars of your time are unjust?"

"It depends. Sometimes, war can be necessary, such as one in which my grandfather fought. It was known as the Second World War, and involved many nations across the world taking sides against each other. At the center of it all was a man known as Adolph Hitler, now thought of as the most evil man the world has ever seen. He not only had aspirations of world domination, but also murdered millions of his own people for no other reason than the religion they practiced."

"That is terrible!" Madeleine exclaimed in horror.

"It is, and you can see why war was necessary to stop him. Even so, nations still war with each other for more frivolous reasons, such as land, power, or political motivations. Some even refight battles that are centuries old, always refusing to accept the results of the previous war. It can be quite tiresome to hear of such events. Even with all our advancements and achievements, we humans remain the embodiment of vast imperfection."

"It is our fallen nature, I suppose. Still, with men such as you leading the way, I know that our future shall be a bright one," she said with a smile.

Feeling the warmth of her hand on his, Dave leaned in close and planted a long, sensual kiss on Madeleine's lips. She reciprocated in kind, cupping his face in her other hand and allowing him to slip his tongue into her mouth. Their lips locked for quite some time before Dave rolled onto his back, pulling Madeleine to land on top of him with an excited giggle.

"Should we be worried... that someone will see?" she asked between kisses.

"Doubtful," he replied. "This clearing is rather out of the way."

As she straddled him, she untied the strings on the back of her dress, allowing the green fabric to slip below her shoulders. The more passionately she kissed Dave, the more the dress began to fall, soon exposing her full breasts to him.

"Decided not to wear your dressing gown?" Dave asked with a smirk.

"I had hoped something of this sort might happen," she grinned. "I take it you are pleased?"

"Very."

Madeleine stood for a moment, allowing the last of her dress to fall to her ankles before kicking it aside. Seeing the tented shape of Dave's pants, she playfully untied the strings at his waist and pulled them off, exposing his hard cock. Her pussy was already glistening with moisture, anticipating what was to come. As she kissed him, Dave held his cock up straight, allowing Madeleine to impale herself and slowly sink down onto his length. She moaned at the feeling of her lover filling her up.

As she took him into her, Dave was in blissful agony. Madeleine had never ridden a man like this before, and he was content to let her do as she pleased while he simply enjoyed the ride. Her movements were small yet purposeful, finding the sweet spots within her tunnel that she could use his cock to hit. This resulted in a slow, teasing experience for Dave; he was harder and more aroused than he had ever been in his life, yet could last for quite a while without cumming. As she tormented him, he couldn't resist reaching up to fondle her jiggling breasts, tweaking the nipples a bit as he did so.

Madeleine's eyes bulged at this, and she felt some sort of primal instinct awaken within her. Where she previously had been tentative and unsure of herself in this new position, Dave's ministrations to her breasts were now causing her to hump him with determined purpose. It was as if her body knew what to do well before her mind could conceive of it. She now bounced on his pelvis with reckless abandon, moaning her way through one orgasm without pause.

Dave was in awe of her body, writhing in ecstasy, her porcelain skin glistening with sweat, and her perfect breasts heaving with every move she made. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled Madeleine down to kiss her, muffling her cries of pleasure a bit. Even so, she refused to let up, continuing to ride him with fervor and determination, bringing Dave ever closer to his climax. Now realizing he couldn't hold back much longer, he gave in to his own primal instincts and began to jackhammer his cock into her as fast as he was able. This triggered another gasp from Madeleine; this was so different from their gentle sessions of lovemaking. Despite how barbaric it seemed, the animalistic nature of their actions only served to arouse her further. As he pounded his last into her, the couple unleashed a simultaneous moan of pleasure and climaxed together.
