 Chapter 2: If only all job interviews were conducted like this.

***

"Come in, please!"

It was a woman's voice.

Women have lots of different voices. The reason for this is probably because there are lots of different women. Some of the voices I was used to were the professional voices of my colleagues when working and their relaxed voices during coffee breaks. Some women's voices were bored like a waitress at the tail end of her shift, some imperious like a government employee at the terminus of a long line of humbled citizens about to ask to be allowed to pay to fill out a form they didn't want to fill out, but had to. I liked that last voice since I was such a dirty pervert.

The women in the kind of porn videos I usually watched spoke with very haughty, bitchy voices, while the voices in my most favorite ones were happy, thrilled, laughing.

The petite girl behind the huge desk was of the latter category. Voice so full of life that all other women seemed tired and weary in comparison.

She looked like every chirpy, preppy, silly, yet emotional lead in every romantic comedy. A half Latino, half Chinese mix, or perhaps she just didn't fit any racial stereotype?. She had short, black hair, a bright yellow dress that was flimsy enough to be made of men's dreams, and a pair of eyes so big they could to suck out your soul and chew it until sanity came splattering out.

She was hardly five feet, both of them had been resting on the desk as I came in, but she dominated the big, empty stone chamber where only a few of the magic plants grew to barely toss some light into the dark corners.

I am an ancient temple, the chamber seemed to say. Here forgotten rituals have been held since before your nation was even founded. Here rivers of blood from countless sacrificial victims-

Hi! This is just som crazy place where I like to hang out, the woman seemed to say as she tucked her bare feet under the desk and smoothed down the dress. I've been thinking of renovating it, put up some wood paneling and some fake windows with some bright curtains, some nice flowers along the walls, and some posters of guys eating their lunch on top of skyscrapers, of Audrey Hepburn and Fellini films, plastered all over.

The door closed behind me and the tugging on the collar brought me all the way up to her desk. When I was six feet away, the pulling stopped.

*

*

*

"You're the applicant, right?" she said.

"Huh?" I said in a rare show of eloquence.

"The applicant." She consulted a piece of paper in front of her on an otherwise empty desk. She had a pen stuck behind her ear. "You're the applicant?"

"For what?" I asked. There were a lot of other questions I could have asked, but this was as good a place to start as any. I was also intensely conscious that I was wearing some very cheesy, yet very effective, bondage equipment and was giving her a standing ovation from inside my shorts that just couldn't be explained away.

"No, no," she said, sighing. "Don't. Don't come in here an tell us you didn't read the ad. Just don't. Bad move, take it from me."

"Who are you?"

"Me? Oh, sorry. Politeness is not exactly my middle name. In fact I don't have a middle name. Over in the Valley, that's my home, which will be your home as well, if you get the position, that is, we are called by expressions. I think that's kind of cute. My name is Dream Dancer, but call me Dreamy. What's yours?"

I said "Jack," while trying to take in and prioritize all the new questions that she machine gunned into my head.

Dreamy spoke quickly, with a kind of singsong rhythm that seemed to lay her emotions bare for all listeners. She was the kind of woman who use her entire body to speak, tossing her head and hands around like she had invented her own sign language. I noticed that she had a body inside the dress, noticed that her breasts were worthy of a slap across the face to check out. Not that I was the kind of man who did such things.

My manhood noticed it, too, and nodded in appreciation. The situation had somehow managed to get even more embarrassing.

"So, Jack," she said, took her pen from behind her ear, sucked on it, and wrote something on her piece of paper. "What," she consulted the document, "makes you think you are the right man for the position?"

"I..." I said.

"Do you have the right stuff, Jack? Can you deliver as requested, and on time? Is your work of sufficient quality, and quantity, to satisfy our exalted standards?"

If they required me to be able to identify double entendres in my current state, I had already failed. "I..." I said. During my previous job interview they had asked me lots of questions about something called 'Java' and I had known exactly enough about 'Java' to get the job, only to find out they had decided to stop with the 'Java' thing and move on to another tech buzzword that I didn't know. "What's happening to me!" I yelled, pulling at the leather strap. She had to see it, had to know I needed help!

She raised a hand and smile. "Calm down, now. Nothing to worry about. Let's just try again. You're applying for a position. That's what's going on. Or am I missing something? Sorry, I am not very good at this. Look, I was only messing with you before. I can tell you a little abut it, if you want to know?"

I did want to know.

*

*

*

"All right," she said, dark eyes gleaming as she sat up in the chair. Her breasts began bouncing against the thin, yellow dress as she started off on the least illuminating explanation I had ever been subjected to.

"There are lots and lots, and probably lots, of worlds hanging round in the multiverse, right?"

She didn't wait for my answer, for some reason assuming it was 'yes.'

"And on these worlds there are lots of guys who, you know, are eligible to, well, fill vacancies, add value, produce good results." again I was oblivious to the double meaning, "Simply put, people we want contributing to the team. So we invite them over for some initial, informal interfacing, so that we can get a feel for each other and see if we are a tight fit or not. Find out if our Valley is right for them or not. Sounds reasonable, yes? Yes, of course it does."

"I didn't understand quite what you-"

"What my role is? Oh, I am the one you have to convince in order to get on the inside. I am just a simple servant of the Goddess."

"Goddess?"

"Yes, of course! Our Lady of Devotion. Why, do you think you can cross time and space with just that science thing you've so impressed by in your world? Do you think you can suddenly speak Craggy to me without divine intervention?"

"What's Craggy?"

"See? You're not even aware you're speaking it. Glory and praise and all that stuff be to the Goddess!" She lifted both arms up above her head, her large, warm eyes laughing at me.

"Are you an angel?" I asked. I hadn't meant to, but she was that beautiful.

"Oh, you!" she said and blushed. "Technically, yes. But only in the sense that a mud dragon is also a dragon."

"Dragon? Are there dragons-"

"Never mind," she said, shaking her hands at me to get me to stop talking. "We're sliding. I'm here to conduct an examination. Let's begin, shall we?"

"My questions-" I began.

"No! Come on! No more! I've done nothing but answering you questions since you came in! Now you can answer some of mine." She pouted. She was an expert pouter. This was woman who could make the world revolve around herself just by sticking her lower lip out.

"OK," I said. "Could, eh, you just help me off with these?" I pointed at my manacled hands and collar while wearing the most sheepish grin since sheep were invented.

*

*

*

"Huh?" She didn't seem to comprehend.

"This... The collar and stuff. You know, could you help me to take it off? I can't do it."

"What?" Dreamy said.

"You see this?" I got confused.

"Yes, I see it. Of course I can see it. Do you think I am blind? I would like you to know that I am not."

"Then, could you-"

"I am just surprised. You say you want it off?"

"Yes, I do."

"Huh?" Dreamy wrinkled her brow. She truly didn't understand. "Why?"

"Because... I feel really uncomfortable wearing it right now."

"You do? But you put them on yourself, didn't you?"

"Yes, but-"

"And you've got a massive erection. You should be happy to wear it?"

"No, I... I would feel better not wearing it at the moment." Would I? Really? All of my body responded to this beautiful woman and her energetic movements. And she had noticed my erection without screaming and running away, rolling her eyes, or giving me a sneer.

"Oh," she seemed disappointed as well as confused now. "Yeah, sure. Of course. No problem. I may have been misinformed about the whole thing. Sorry, this is my first time bringing in a new man. I could have made some sort of terrible mistake, sure."

She rose, walked around the desk, and over to me.

Wow, she was almost a head shorter than me, and probably only half my weight, yet she had so much presence she could have been the love child of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis.

As she reached up to my collar, I caught a whiff of her perfume. I shouldn't have. I really shouldn't.

Her perfume smelled like dewy roses just as the warm sun rises and shines on them. The scent went straight for my nose, shot in through both nostrils, and exploded in my brain. I knew I wouldn't be able to smell this woman without wanting her. Wanting her bad, even if it was just a whiff through a hundred thick doors.

She didn't touch me as she set me free. Not once. The yellow dress was just inches from the tent in my shorts, but I couldn't feel it rubbing, caressing, teasing. Her fingers went to the leather strap, pulled at it. It opened just like that, fell off, dangling from the strap that went through the front ring. Finally I could lower my hands. There was no contact between her skin and mine. None. I tried to open the wrist cuffs, but the leather stayed glued on. She giggled, sweet as candy you're not allowed to eat, and did it for me in two quick, fluid motions. The equipment fell to the floor. I was free.

And wished I wasn't. Now it wasn't all up to her anymore. I was free, I could act, choose. Didn't like it.

"All right, Mr I Want To Be Free." She took a step back and jumped onto the table, sat down on it and faced me, feet dangling. "Pull your pants down yourself, then!"

*

*

*

"What?" I said.

"Yes, of course! You don't think we're interested in you because of your brilliant mind or your stimulating conversation, do you? Not that I'm implying anything. I'm sure you're both very smart and witty. Maybe not just now, but perhaps in another setting?" She winked at me.

"You want to see my...?" My jaw dropped like an asteroid striking the earth.

"Look at it?" She giggled again. "No, no. Looking is just where we'll begin. You'll be undergoing a thorough physical, practical, and emotional examination."

"Huh?"

"So, you going to drop those short pants or not?"

A thorough examination. Of my member.

My member.

I couldn't count how many times I had fantasized about being examined by dominant women. Medical examination. Condom prototype testing. One sexy, intelligent-looking lady touching, another commenting, a third taking notes, all three of them laughing at me. Skirts and dresses, scrunchies around wrists, sometimes brushing against me as they worked, long, long hair constantly being put behind ears, constantly slipping down again.

That didn't have to mean anything. Those were only fantasies, this was reality. Well, the craziest reality I had ever experienced, but still. Real.

But my member didn't see it that way. My member screamed at me to get a move on it. Do it, do it, do it, you chicken shit coward!

I pulled the shorts down with trembling hands.

The beast reared its head and waved at her for come and do things, anythings, everythings to it! Come to me, baby! Touch me!

"Oh?" she said. "Would you look at that! I like it already. Come closer, please."

I took a step towards her. She could reach out with her hand and touch me. Touch it.

"Yes, yes. Very good. And another step, please?"

That brought me to a stop with her legs between mine, which I had been forced to spread, and my big lump of meat gesturing at her at the height of her belly button. Two inches from her yellow dress. From heaven.

Touch me! Why did I remove the collar and manacles? I wanted to put them back on. Now.

*

*

*

I didn't, and she didn't touch me, not at first. First, she cocked her head, so cute!, and looked at it from both sides, from the front and the back. Her smile and her wet roses perfume made sure I stayed rock hard. I had never come without stimulating myself, but right now I would have burst if the orgasm-preventing spell had been removed.

"I have to say, Jack," she said and looked at me through her lashes, "that I am impressed by the visual inspection. Large, beautiful. Wonderful arc, massive head."

"Gah," I said. I wanted to say "Thank you," but it didn't come out that way.

"Let's move on." She blew me a kiss.

I gave her another "Gah..." Or was it an "Ungh..."?

She pulled something out of her yellow dress. It was a night black handkerchief made of smooth, shiny satin.

"Don't move now." She let it fall across my tip.

I moved, I jumped. The feeling! The light touch!

"Don't move, I said!" she chided, but laughed as she spoke.

I nodded, added a "Gah!" and clenched my fists to keep from standing up on my toes and press the satin-covered member against her breasts.

She grabbed the edges of the handkerchief, pulled them down, teasing my tip in the process, then made a bow below my balls. Somehow she managed to do it without touching me with her fingertips. Somehow her magic still managed to stop me from having that orgasm. My equipment, why wasn't I wearing my equipment?

"Wonderful!" She clapped her hands. "You, sir, are just perfectly long. You can reach further than almost all other men, yet not so far you're going to hurt us. Now for the other dimension."

She pulled out two more handkerchiefs, similar to the first one. One she tied around my shaft, tied it rather tight, the other went around my head. It made me bite my tongue to stop me from whimpering like a puppy being left alone for the first time.

"That's impressive!" she said. "You're so thick you're going to make some women orgasm at your first thrust. Well, make me do so at least. But that's not going to let you off, though. I would want at least a seven course meal, cigar, brandy, and a mint chocolate if I decided to visit your restaurant."

She cocked her head, fluttered her eye lashes at me. "Would you like that, Jack? For me to choose from your menu?"

"Gah!" I said, but she understood that I meant 'I would amputate a hand or foot of your choice if that would get you to do so.'

"Good! Last physical now. Ehem." She pulled another handkerchief out of her dress. I had no idea where she kept them.

This one she held in both hands, then put it between my body and manhood like she was going to dry it off after a bath. Suddenly she jerked it from side to side and laughed as I jumped and gasped.

"Sorry! Just kidding! Stand still now." She blew me a kiss again.

I tried, but my knees had started to shake with pure desire. Why didn't I throw myself on her? Why wasn't I wearing my equipment?

"Let's see," she said and pulled at the ends. Pulled my manhood closer to her dress, pulled it down, pulled it so that it pointed straight towards her groin like I was dowsing for pleasure.

"Nice resistance, smooth yield," she said.

"I like this," I managed to whisper.

"Of course you like it, silly! You're a man!" 

Then she let go and it flew up and smacked against my belly. Another 'I would have come' moment, and then it stopped swinging inside the handkerchiefs she had tied there.

"See how it doesn't flab around?" she said. "It's flexible, yet probably the most rigid member I ever saw. It won't flag until you pass out from exhaustion. Which is going to be a very real possibility, I must add!" She gave me another sweet smile. 

I could be worried, I wasn't. No chance. "Thank you, Goddess," I said.

"No, no," she laughed. "I am just a poor, working gal, jerking men off for a living. You can call me my Lady, if you want. That would be real sweet of you!"

"I will, my Lady," I said.

"But not all the time. Men are so frustratingly binary. Either off, or so on that you have to tie them up and leave them in a chest for a few hours to cool off."

"Oh, please!" I burst out.

She laughed like she was about to have a fit, but still managed to remove the handkerchiefs from my manhood without touching me even once.

"It's not supposed to be sexy," she said. "You've never been in the chest, have you?"

"No, my Lady."

"It gets boring after a while, I can tell you. You'll most likely find out some day, when you get too clingy. Now, get up on the desk!"

*

*

*

"What?" I said.

"What? Why do you always say 'What'?" She rolled her eyes and stuck her tongue out at me. "You can hear perfectly well, I know! The desk! Get up on it! Pretty, please?"

She fluttered her lashes again. Those were some real long lashes. Why are women equipped with so many ways of making men obey them?

"Uh, yes, of course," I said. "But, eh, why?"

"Why? Because it's time for the practical part of the examination, that's why! Get up, now!" She put the pen she had stuck behind her ear against my chest, between two shirt buttons, and pushed me away.

I realized I had been standing with my hips tilted towards her. It seemed that Mr Happy had been doing his best to give her yellow dress a hug while I wasn't paying attention. Right now my attention was a fickle thing.

"This is perhaps my favorite part of the whole thing, so get a move on!" She slipped away from me, rounded the desk, sat down in her chair, and wrinkled her brow. 

"I forgot to write down the results," she muttered, pursing her lips in a way that made my heart do a shuffle. "Blah, never mind. I'll just put down top marks and leave the rest blank. The girls will find out about all your goodies soon enough. Are you up on the desk, yet?" She looked up, sighed, then covered her eyes with her hand. "Why are you not up on the desk yet?"

I scrambled. Soon I was standing on the broad tabletop, looking out at the eerie stone chamber. We might as well have been in a modern, frosted-glass-and-corporate-logo meeting room. As long as Dream Dancer was here being sexy and utterly at ease, I didn't care.

She was scribbling down a few notes, her tongue sticking out one side, concentrated as if grappling with a tough math question.

"...and done!" she said. "You're up! Finally! Now, lose that shirt!"

That was easy, no need to say 'What?' That shirt didn't have any business being on my body right now, black satin or not.

"Nice!" She added a wolf whistle. "And?"

"What?"

"Oh dear!" Again she covered her eyes with her hand. "Socks, Jack. Naked men do not wear socks. That's the least sexy thing to hit the universe since men started getting intimate tattoos promoting their favorite forms of alcohol."

My socks went off, flying across a stone floor where hooded worshipers once had chanted magic spells, or some such.

I turned to face Dreamy. Now. Now we were going to have sex, right here on the desk. The practical examination. Her favorite. Would she undress, or take me while still wearing the beautiful, yellow dress? And why wasn't I wearing my equipment? I wanted to be used, to be powerless against her.

"Now, take my chair." She got off, lifted it up and handed it to me.

I took it, but had no idea why. I told her so.

"Don't worry! I'll explain. Look at the chair. What do you see?"

She seemed very expectant, but I couldn't help her. I saw something that Charlemagne's court carpenter would have made for his senior, executive officers. "A chair? It's nice. Well made."
