 A big thank you to Onika for editing my story. The story has very little character development - it's all fantasy action. It's explicit and doesn't seek to be anything more than it is - a fantasy without too much explanation. Constructive comments are welcome but disparaging remarks will be deleted.

*****

No-one knew where Ethan originally came from, it was a mystery as to whether he was created by some unknown wizard with powers that had been lost to the modern world, or whether he had been created by aliens when they visited the planet at sometime in the last.

What Ethan was aware of, was that he had all the features of a male human's cock but with many other abilities beyond what might be expected of a simple cock. As a cock, he could grow longer and expand in size if he wanted to, he could vibrate, gyrate, dance, prance, and his silky softness was wonderful to touch. 

Somehow the sexual energy he exuded meant that the person in touch with him felt more invigoratingly horny than was usually possible for them. At times he could also ejaculate a pheromone which enticed someone breathing in the vapour to long for cock inside them and to reinforced the attachment to him as a singular lovely cock.

Ethan had spent many years wandering the world until he had discovered a very lovely and extremely powerful woman in the 13th Century. He had been clever captured by her and used by her for most of her adult life. She had kept him in a specially constructed marble box that she had instructed must be buried with her. So after she had died, Ethan had lain dormant in that box for almost 800 years, until excavations had begun for a shopping centre in a provincial city in Central Europe.

Once Ethan had escaped from his marble box prison he had begun to travel the world. He enjoyed his existence as a phallus who gave many women the knowledge of what was truly possible for them to achieve as sexual beings. Often his natural instinct attracted him to women who needed much more powerful orgasms than they had achieved so far in their lives. 

The following is a tale of one of his adventures about 40 years after escaping from his marble prison.

And it began like this ... 

Ethan was a gentle lovely cock, who enjoyed the mere notion of exploiting all the pretty women of the small village he was visiting. It had taken months to reach this village and his sexual energy was fully charged for satisfying the women who needed his pleasuring.

And now it was very dark and he could feel the yearning need of the woman across the road from him. So Ethan moved across to her house and slipped inside her house through the slightly opened window in her bedroom.

Kitty was tired but very sexually frustrated. She had been out tonight with her new boyfriend. They had been passionately kissing and caressing her each other for hours. Eventually she had begged him to stop, not because she didn't like what they were doing, but simply because the sexual frustration had become too much for her.

Yes, she had masturbated in the shower after returning home but it just wasn't the same as having a lovely cock to pleasure herself with. So there she was, laying down on her bed, in the forlorn hope she might fall asleep without any further ado.

Ethan could feel the frustration and sexual willingness ripple through him and grip hold of him like a vice. It always spurred him to engage in pleasuring his symbiote needs. As he slides quietly across her bed and reached her face he emitted his special pheromone close to her face so she would breathe it in and be totally receptive to him. 

After about five minutes he very carefully slid down her bed towards her pussy. Kitty had been gently masturbating herself to sleep. As Ethan got closer he could see that Kitty was holding her pussy lips open which was a perfect opportunity for him to begin to enter her.

The sight always amazed him, and Ethan enjoyed his view as he gazed up to behold a little white nub behind some glowing flaps of thick, puffy covered skin. Unable to resist, Ethan began to gyrate seductively across the nub of her pleasure, his pressure forceful but as light as he could. 

He extended himself so that he was taut but extremely silk soft, and then caressed the little nub as if he were stroking a delicate flower. Immediately, to his surprise, Kitty's body bucked up to envelope him deeper inside herself and used her hand to press his other end very hard against her nub. 

Her hands roughly grabbed at him to rub herself so hard and Ethan was completely taken by surprise. It was the first time Ethan had encountered a woman who was extremely rough with herself when it came to stimulating herself. While it was certainly a surprise it was not an unwelcomed one.

A low lust filled moan escaped from Kitty's lips. Ethan felt her reaction to this roughly sensuous stimulation and realized that she had done something to herself that she normally liked, and always wanted.

And so Ethan did it again and again. Kitty felt her body glowing with the amazingly wonderful stimulation. Every time the silky soft cock flesh touched the little erect nub of sexual energy, Kitty's whole body jolted up against him as hard as she possibly could. 

Wanting to pleasure her as much as he could, Ethan kept up his efforts to give her everything that Kitty wanted from this fiercely passionately erotic encounter, and he never even flinched as her fingernails gripped him tightly and more forcefully than he had ever been held before. 

As Ethan was expecting, Kitty started to emit whining sounds of guttural passion, as what was obviously her first small orgasm hit her. Knowing that she needed much more than what she had achieved so far, Ethan made himself expand gradually inside her until he was much larger and harder. 

Kitty felt heavenly. It felt to her as though the gorgeous cock inside her was about to explode and fill her with lovely creamy come. To fill her as she wanted, Ethan pushed himself up deeper inside her and felt her body respond, as her short jolting orgasms intensified. 

Without any real warning, Kitty slammed him again and again into her already drenched pussy. In a quest for more pleasure, her thighs came up around her hands and she squeezed him very tightly as she thrust him hard against her clit and pussy.

Ethan found it hard to control the sexual energy he was emitting, as he was pleasuring Kitty, with such rough treatment. His extended flesh was now in total contact with her pussy, surrounded by the musky aroma and delightfully bathed in her juices. 

Accommodating her lustfulness, Ethan stretched himself further than he ever had before, because he wanted to find that other hole. He knew she would be surprised if he was to gently sneak inside it, and to carefully offer her so much more pleasure.

To his gratification it really was a great success immediately. Kitty bucked in absolute joyful bliss and let him know how marvellous it felt.

"Yes, yes, oh, that's so amazing. Yes, mmm, just there, I want it just there," she begged a serenely pleasured scream.

Ethan was so happy that Kitty was emitting such high levels of blissful sexual energy to him. Kitty was absolutely flushed with radiant sexual energy. She was breathing heavy as she sought to draw the pleasure along with the whole of her body, and her mouth hung open as she sought to draw in more air to fill her lungs. 

Ethan knew it was now time to take more control and to give her the rough thrusting she seemed to desire. 

So he began to stroke deeply, with very vigorous and strong thrusts into her pussy; he was giving the sexual energy back to her. On feeling the long hard cock driving all the way inside her, filling her so completely, she moaned again but a slightly different kind of sound. A guttural anguish of total lust, that began in her throat, but arose from her stomach, and finally spurting out through her lips. 

This wonderful cock was pleasuring her with its aggressively hard thrusts, and she couldn't say she didn't want it even harder; for she needed it after such intense sexual stimulation earlier in the evening.

The latest guttural sounds of lust were squashed from her convulsing body as he pressed tight against her cervix. In a long sigh of compressed air her whole lungs were emptied from the tense muscular spasms as he began to fill her with his come. 

"Yes! Fuck me! Ram me. Do it and don't stop, you're so bad, bad, bad, bad, and I love it," she screamed at him with horny unrelenting pleasure. 

"Fill me now. Make me swim in your lovely cream," she demanded.

Kitty had finally relented from holding back on a huge orgasm, and released her pure lust, it engulfed her. It heated her veins until they were almost red hot. 

Delightfully she felt the wonderful silky cock twitching so deep inside her pussy, now spurting his welcome seed deep inside. The thought of it, as her body spasmed in pleasure, warmed her entire body to a state of glowing delightfulness. 

As much as she wanted to, she couldn't move with this huge lovely cock buried so deeply inside her. Somehow he had her completely under his control as she come down from her massively satisfying orgasm, to now enjoy the slow little orgasms that fluttered within her.

Now the unexpected sexual feelings of total fulfilment were upon her, and she appreciated now that he had mastered her orgasmic satisfaction completely. She wanted more pleasure from him, to welcome him, to thank him for finally dissipating the unrequited passionate release she so long had waited for. This was no longer about tonight but about an orgasmic pleasure that was addictive.

Kitty may have wished to rest but instead she was forced by her own body's physical need for more, and so she tried to breath in to ready herself for more. And yes, small and shallow breaths emerged, and went away with little gasps of pleasure almost incoherently uttered. 

"Oh yes! Yes! Fill me up, I'm all yours, fuck me, cream me, make me cum," she begged and whimpered.

Her clenched fists beat against the bed as her arms flew down again and again. Those spasms of an all consuming orgasm that never seemed to end were exhausting her, just as she felt the satisfaction of the release of her sexual energy. Another massively lovely orgasm washed over Kitty.

"So lovely, oh so very, very lovely," sighed Kitty longingly. 

She stretched out and crawled into a foetal position in her bed to sleep. Somehow she felt like the gorgeous cock had now left her, understanding how totally satisfied and tired she was after all that fun. 

Kitty was truly exhausted, and so vey contented, as she lay in her bed she loosely wrapped her arms together around her spare pillow. She dropped off to sleep quickly, as Ethan slid away from his satiated Kitty.

She woke in the night to go to the toilet and then return to her bed, as she lay there trying to sleep again she smiled to herself and thought, 'Wow. I am so well and truly fucked. And I hope it happens again soon."

Once Ethan had recovered sufficiently to relax in her room, he simply waited for Kitty's libido to drive her back to lust for him. When he felt her growing desire to have him in her again, Ethan slid into bed with Kitty again. 

Ethan knew she wanted the hard cock deep inside her again. Even though she remained in a semi-conscious state. Kitty felt him close to her pussy lips. Invitingly she opened her thighs wider to allow the lovely hard cock to penetrate her still soaking wet pussy. Ethan began to slowly grow inside her again and to stroke the walls of her gloriously seductive pussy.

So it was only natural that when she awoke she was moaning, "Ohhhhhhhhhh, Fuck! That is just so fucking lovely." 

Kitty was familiar now with the unbelievably fabulous sensations that Ethan could deliver for her, as she rocked her hips back and forth, up and down, and sideways, trying her utmost to draw the beautiful pleasure that was filling her, even deeper into her pussy. Kitty knew now she just would always want more. 

Surely no one else could know that her body felt like it was on fire as the massive hard rod penetrated her tender pussy deeper than she could have wished for. It was so wonderfully satisfying to feel the sexual energy flowing all around her body as Ethan danced delightfully inside her pussy.

Kitty used her toned body to push herself up and down on the phenomenal cock that was creating such pleasure for her. Carefully she used one hand to steady herself on her bed as she grabbed Ethan and pushed him mercilessly harder into herself. 

Ethan was surprised to hear Kitty say, "I'm a fucking slut for you ... your fucking horny slut, and you're all mine to use... Yes! Yes, all mine, all fucking mine." 

Kitty huffed in carnal desire as she enthusiastically shoved this huge cock deeper into herself.

Fully awake now, and with a mind full of pleasure, she begged herself on, "Do it ... Harder! Fuck. Harder, Yes Harder."

And so Kitty's night of pleasure continued, with Ethan bring her all the blissful orgasms she had ever dreamed of having, and making her one very contented woman.