 Maya's first day on a different world 

Here's something I maybe should have said in before the previous chapter. The first Chapter of Everdale served mostly as a prologue, letting you get to know our *ahum* heroine Maya. This second chapter, and probably all other entries, will be longer, more story- and character driven and also more diverse. So, if you're only looking for a specific category, be it incest, fantasy or anything like that, you're probably in the wrong place. But if you're looking for an actual story that combines incest, fantasy, group sex, lesbian, anal and more categories, this will be perfect for you. Have fun reading! 

~~~ 

Maya 

"Where the fuck am I?!" 

I bitch-slapped the tree, which wasn't the brightest idea I've ever had. All it did was make my hand hurt. On the other hand, it did feel damned good to let off some steam. 

I guess that most bitches that magically appear on another planet are expected to burst out in tears, panic rendering their body unable to move, loud sobs being heard all over the forest clearing. Well, fuck them and their sorry little brains. I don't panic, I just get angry. Very angry. 

I spread my arms and looked at the sky. 

"Where the fuck did you take me? Who the fuck did this to me? Come and face me, I want to punch you in the fucking tits." 

Why the hell did this have to happen to me right now? Things were just going well at home. I got Jake to cheat on my sister with me. Licking and sucking that shaft of his while masturbating had been incredible. I didn't want that to stop. I was just getting closer to fucking Zoë. And, who was going to get me off without my father there 24/7, always eager to eat out my pussy if I just so much as looked at him? 

No answer came. The anger built up in me even more. If whoever brought me here didn't show up, I was going to destroy this stupid world of his, starting with that idiotic looking tree over there. I swear it was grinning at me. With all my years of martial arts training helping me out (yes, I did things other than fucking sometimes, a girl's gotta know how to defend herself), I roundhouse kicked the tree. 

"Fucking hell." 

Immediately upon impact I realized why it isn't a good idea to roundhouse kick trees. They don't feel the pain, so the only one I was hurting was myself. Frustrated I sat down, my throbbing foot in my hand. 

Okay, Maya, calm the fuck down. I took a deep breath, letting the anger flow down a little. It was still there, like an angry shark under the surface of the sea, waiting for the right moment to attack again. If any god had appeared right now, telling me that he had taken me here for some 'grand quest' or any of that bullshit, I'd still have kicked the crap out of him. 

How do I know it's a 'he'? Stupid question. It's always men that do the annoying, dumb things. 

Right. Time to actually start doing things. I stood up again, putting my hands on my round hips as I observed the clearing. It was still just grass and trees, no surprise there. I looked at the sky to estimate the time. Yup, sun was still there, so it was still daytime. Ain't I a talented explorer? 

The three most important things for a human being are food, water and sex. Or maybe it's sleep and not sex. I thought about that for a second. Nah, if you live without sex you're not really living at all. Sleep's way easier to forget about. Food, water and sex, and right now I was scarce on all three. Seemed like a good time to do something about that. I'd just go somewhere and hope I find something. 

I picked a random direction, which didn't seem to matter since the forest looked the same on all four sides and started walking. At least, that's what I was planning, but a single voice made me freeze my motion. 

"Maya?" 

I turned around, my mouth hanging wide open. It seemed like however I got here, I didn't come alone. On the edge of the clearing, just as naked as me, stood Zoë. 

She rushed at me, now sure that it was me standing in front of her. Her arms wrapped around my back as she hugged me tightly, our bodies pressing against each other. For once, I wasn't thinking about sex. Okay, maybe the feeling of her C-cup tits pressing against mine did feel pretty awesome, but it sure as hell wasn't the main feeling I had. That was relief. 

Here we stood, two young girls, stranded on a planet that certainly wasn't Earth, with no idea of how we got here or how to go home. It was pretty crazy to be honest. Zoë had clearly taken it harder than me, her eyes red from crying. I was mostly glad I wasn't alone anymore. 

"Do you know how the fuck we ended up here?" I asked her. I knew it was hardly a conversation starter. I should have asked how she felt and that kind of emotional crap. Well, that just ain't me. 

Zoë shrugged. 

"I fell asleep after sending Jake home. When I woke up I was in the middle of a forest." 

Right. Jake. I remember Jake. I remember sucking his cock last night when my sister was angry at him. Let's not mention that. "Did you guys make up?" I asked. 

Zoë's eyes narrowed, as if she just remembered something. 

"No, we did not." 

Her eyes filling up with tears.. 

"You did something with him, didn't you?" she says. 

The sentence was a question, but the tone told me she already knew the answer. Oh shit, and here I thought my sister was glad to see me. Seems like that didn't last long. 

Normally my sister was a bit timid. Although almost as good as me in martial arts (or maybe better, but I wouldn't admit that), she rarely lashed out. Seemed like that 'rarely' changed into 'certain' when her boyfriend cheated on her. 

She attacked me with a murderous intent, hands stretched out like claws as she jumped towards me. Luckily, I expected this. I rolled to the side, narrowly escaping her, but before I could do anything else, she moved again. That time I couldn't escape that easily. I thought as fast as I could, searching for a solution, and realized there was only one. I'd have to take this fight seriously. 

I rolled onto my back and in doing so kicked my feet at Zoë. One of my feet found impact and Zoë was thrown to the side, a red mark on her shoulder. She rubbed her shoulder as she stood up. 

"So this is how you want to do it," she said, anger seething in her voice. 

I stood up as well. 

"Why the fuck would I want to fight?" I said. "You're the one that started this." 

Zoë didn't answer directly. She jabbed at me, then tried to hook me with a left, which I dodged. Not giving me any time to think, she followed up by spinning around for a kick, then found her balance again and tried to fucking karate-chop me! I barely got the chance to evade, let alone return any of the punches. 

She kicked again, this time going for my shins, but I was ready. I nimbly moved away from her kick, and before she could restore her balance I closed the distance, kneeing her in the stomach. Now that felt good. Then a right hook found contact with my chin, and the victorious feeling got replaced by one of pain. 

Zoë was breathing heavily, and so was I. Last time I was this out of breath, was when daddy took me to his office. He had just gotten a promotion, and I was the first that got to see his new office. Turned out there was a lock on the door and the windows had blinds. Daddy fucked all my holes that day, and when I noticed his secretary tucked away underneath her table, fingering herself while watching me getting fucked from behind, I came harder than I had in a long time. 

But fuck, there's a difference between panting because of sex and doing it because of a fight. Even when sex hurt, it was still in a good way. This was downright annoying. 

I saw tears in Zoë's eyes. 

"Why did you have to do it?" she sobbed, clearly knowing about the blowjob I had given her boyfriend. "Why do you always ruin everything?!" 

Let me see, I was horny, it was exciting and I wanted to get to Zoë. Seemed like a legit reason to me, but I didn't think Zoë would appreciate my answer. Instead, I said the only sensible thing. 

I put on my innocent eyes and say, "Zoë, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about." 

She stared at me dumbfounded. I gave her a blank look, although on the inside I was complimenting myself on how I played this. If there's one thing I'm good at, it's acting. 

"You're kidding." 

Zoë's look shifted from dumbfounded to furious, with a hint of disgust. My smile on the inside disappeared. 

"You think that if my boyfriend comes into my room with a smile that big on his face, I won't notice?" Zoë didn't even give me time to think. She jumped at me. I saw her foot coming at my face and just barely managed to get out of its way. In a blur the leg disappeared, and now it was a fist I had to dodge. I deflected it. Wait, didn't I deflect it a bit too easy? Something made contact with my right calf, sweeping it aside. The world turned around me, the grass came at me much faster than I liked. With a painful blow, my head hit the ground. Fuck, this is not how it was supposed to happen. A heavy weight fell down on my back and I realized Zoë was now sitting on top of me. With all my might I tried to move her off, to no avail. I tried to hit her with my fist, but before I could reach her Zoë grabbed my hair and yanked it. Getting your hair almost pulled out of your head is no fun, I can guarantee that. 

"Do you have anything to say for yourself?" Zoë asked me. 

"I would do it all over again," I said in an impulse. "Only this time, I think I'd have fucked him as well. If I'd known I'd wake up on another fucking planet..." 

"I don't get you," Zoë said, angrily. "It's like you try to undermine everything I do and like. Do you hate me? What have I ever done to you to deserve this?" 

They were angry questions, but the fire in my sister started to burn out. Maybe she just couldn't wrap her head around me. 

I noticed the distraction and immediately took action. I threw my weight to the side, flinging my sister from my back. We rolled around. Now it was me on top. I grabbed my sister's arms and pushed them to the side while putting my full weight on her legs. 

Now this I liked; sitting on top of my sister, her golden hair flowing over the green grass while our naked bodies pressed against each other. I moved down a little, letting my nipples come into contact with hers. 

"It was never about Jake," I told her. "And of course I don't hate you. All I want is that you love me." 

I brought my head closer to hers, meeting her eyes. They were confused, unable to comprehend this situation. I didn't get that. Why does everyone have this stigma on sex like it's an improper thing to do? Everyone knows how amazing it feels, so why not be a little more free with it? 

I smiled at Zoë, "I love you, sis." 

Then I kissed her. My soft lips met hers. At first she didn't react, too overwhelmed by me to do anything. I softened my kiss, letting her ease into it. She smelled like vanilla, a familiar smell that warmed me up from the inside even more. Her breathing calmed down. For only one more moment she stayed still. I could feel her body relax beneath me. Then her lips parted, only a little, and she kissed me back. 

This was it! This was what I've been wishing for ever since I kissed a woman for the first time. I meant what I said; I loved my sister. I loved how shy and girly she was, but strong and independent at the same time. My own heart was now beating in my throat. I finally kissed her. I finally kissed Zoë. 

There wasn't need for force now. I loosened my grip on her hands and took hold of her head. The silky smooth hair flowed through my fingers. I opened my mouth a bit more and when I felt her lips parting as well, I moved my tongue out. Teasing at first, the tips of our tongues touched a few times. Gradually, we entered each other's mouths more. We started rotating around one another, our saliva mixing. She was delicious. I loved how our lips were pressed together, as if this is what they were made for. 

I moved my left hand down her neck. When it met her tit, I took hold of it, the velvety skin with the soft tissue in my hand, and started fondling it. My sis' tits were something to be jealous of. They were big and round, and still managed to keep their form no matter what happened. Holding one in my hand like this made every fiber in my body tingle with pleasure. 

Suddenly, Zoë stopped kissing me back. Her eyes opened wide. She grabbed hold of my shoulders and pushed me up, making it impossible for me to kiss her. She looked at me with a mixture of panic and confusion. 

"Maya, stop! This is wrong," she cried, tears forming in her eyes. 

I shook my head, smiling, "Of course not. I know it felt just as amazing to you as it did to me. Isn't that all that matters?" 

"We're sisters. We can't just do this. It's wrong!" 

Really? Really? Now she was complaining? After I came so close, she decided to stop it. Even though it felt so good for her, too? This is exactly what's wrong with people. All the time they were worrying about what's right and wrong to do, never realizing that what they call right is a made up thing. A lie they all agree upon following, yet never once doubting that it might not be perfect. What use are ethics and morals if they restrict you from doing the things you love, the things that feel good? There is no god, there is no grand plan and there sure as hell is no reason for which we live, so why the fuck should anyone care that much about any made up rule we make? 

Sure, there are some things that might not be a good idea. Killing someone for example, that shit hurts others. But fucking? Fucking never hurt anyone (except for in BDSM, but there it's supposed to). The only thing it can hurt are someone's 'feelings' and 'beliefs', and those are stupid. Why would anyone else care about who I fuck? Rationally thinking it has no impact on them. If everyone was as open to sex as I am, no one would be hurt or restricted by themselves or society because of some lie we tell ourselves. 

But of course, this is not what I said to Zoë. I came close today. I know she enjoyed it and so does she. Now it's just a matter of time and work. At least she's not angry with me anymore. 

I moved off her and sat down in the grass and said, "It wasn't wrong," still smiling lovingly. "Nothing that feels this good could be wrong. You'll see," and I left it at that. 

There's something Zoë never suspected, me giving in as easily as that. She must've thought I was appreciating her feelings. Well, I did, especially since this action of mine gave me a more positive light in her eyes. 

"Thanks." 

She smiled back at me, and that's all the reward I needed for now. I could definitely live with her fine-cut face with the bright blue eyes and some cute freckles smiling at me like that. 

"I... I need some time to think." 

"Sure," I told her. Thinking was fine. "But let's do that while we walk. I'm not looking forward to starving in a forest. It's time to start looking for civilization." 

I looked around the forest and chose the direction opposite from where my sis entered this clearing. 

Pointing at it I said, "That's where we'll be going." 

Zoë nodded at me, fully willing to let me lead this time. I liked that; being in charge. Especially since it was my sister I was in charge of. If we'd just talked it out, she'd probably have tried to lead me since she was two years older than me, but right now her mind was too full to make a plan. As my martial arts teacher, the man I admired the most in the whole world (at least, my former world), once said: 'Never do something for one reason if you can do it for multiple reasons.' Or in this case: 'Don't just calm your sister down if you can ignite a spark of lust and put yourself in charge at the same time.' 

Softly humming the tune from 'Ain't no rest for the wicked', I set out for the forest, Zoë following me closely. 

~~~ 

With my hips swinging, I walked through the forest, a confidence in my step that wouldn't be expected from someone in my situation. It was a trick I learned a long time ago: if you walk like you're confident, you start feeling more confident. Also, it wouldn't hurt if the first thing someone on this planet noticed about me is my ass bouncing up and down, and their first thought is about sex. In fact, I might be able to use that to my advantage. 

That was, if there was anyone on this godforsaken planet. Hours of walking (that's at least what it felt like) delivered no more than trees, a few birds, more trees, some rocks and even more fucking trees. I really don't get why anyone would walk through a place like this of their own volition. 

A few paces behind me walked my sister. Where I walked straight up, proudly nude for all eyes to see, she was huddled over, trying to conceal her tits and pussy with her hands and hair. She might be fiery against me at some times, but inside she was a timid and shy girl. How ironic that she was the elder one and not me. 

I looked at the sky. It started to turn darker, the orange glow of dusk flowing through the leaves. That wasn't good. I was so not going to sleep on the forest ground. The very idea disgusted me to the bone. 

I was just about to say something about walking all night to Zoë, when suddenly the forest disappeared around me. The shift startled me to the point that I stopped walking, causing my sister to bump into me. There were still trees behind me and a few meters in front of me as well, but to my right and my left was nothing but sandy road. 

With a triumphant look on my face, I turned around to Zoë. She'd realized it as well. There was a wide, well maintained road going straight through the forest, which meant that we weren't the only intelligent creatures on this planet! I gave my sister an overjoyed hug, kissing her on the cheek in an impulse. This time she didn't seem to mind, the thought of not being doomed to start our own civilization on this world made all the worries go away. 

When I finally stopped jumping around her, Zoë asked me, "Which way should we go now?" 

The look in her eyes made it very clear that I was the one responsible for whatever choice we made. It was nice to see her this submissive for once. 

The sky above our heads turned dark. There was no moon to be seen yet, but with every passing moment more stars lit up above us. I looked to both sides of the road. Having no clue where to go, I thought about choosing a random direction and hoping for the best. 

That's when I saw something. With the sky now darker every moment, I noticed that to my right, there was an unusually light spot in the sky. Enthusiastically I pointed at it. 

"That's a campfire!" 

Now on Earth, I'd never have been this happy about seeing a campfire, but forgive me, will you? I hadn't eaten or fucked all day, so I might not have been my best right then. 

There was no need to say anything. We walked towards the light, our feet stepping on the sandy road. On the way, I noticed Zoë's hand reaching out to mine. I took hold of it, our fingers intertwining while we walked ever closer to other people. 

A myriad of thoughts ran through my head. Would we be able to speak to them? Would they be friendly? Would they even be human? Would they have food? Maybe I could seduce them into giving us what we needed. I wouldn't mind, that was for sure. 

Ahead, the road had a slight bend, just enough to conceal the campfire, but since we were so close, I could now hear voices. What they were saying was unclear, but I was able to pick up a few words. I let out a sigh of relief; it was English. Now I didn't know how it was possible that we turned up on another planet and those inhabitants spoke English, but frankly I didn't give a fuck, I was just glad they did. Any moment now, we'd be able to see the camp. 
