 Ch. 6 – Camelot in Peril 

In a flash, Morgan had summoned up an enormous amount of power, readying her assault on Merlin. As she fired off a series of energy blasts, Merlin just smirked and defended with ease, conjuring a shield from his aura. He prepared to retaliate, firing a blast of wind at her as she leapt into the air. This blew her back against the wall, disorienting her for a moment, but she was soon back on her feet. 

"You will have to do better than that," Morgan hissed. 

"I plan to." 

Morgan drew upon her aura, which appeared as black smoke around her body, and charged for Merlin at the speed of sound. He replied by turning his body intangible, allowing Morgan's assault to pass right through him. She doubled back for another pass, but Merlin had already teleported to the other side of the room. As she refocused her attention, Merlin took the opportunity to deliver a kick to the stone floor, turning a section of it to rubble. He then magnetized both the stones and his body, forming a set of full body armor with them. 

Merlin now went on the offense, attacking Morgan with great speed and strength at every opportunity. She knew better than to try and face him head-on with his stone armor; she would have no reasonable chance. Slowing him with a blast of wind, Morgan leapt back to give herself a bit of breathing room, concentrating on her favored element of fire. As he moved to charge once more, Morgan launched a stream of flame directly into Merlin's chest, stopping him dead in his tracks. Though his armor protected him, the intense heat was already beginning to melt the stones at a rapid rate. 

"Impressive," Merlin muttered. "You have been practicing." 

"Always the tone of surprise," Morgan sneered. 

Summoning his aura once more, Merlin fired off the stones protecting him in Morgan's direction. The stones peppered the wall around her, but Morgan herself was unharmed from the assault thanks to her own aura shield. Before she could react, Merlin was up in her face, assaulting her with a variety of martial arts strikes from every direction. She defended as best she could, but hand-to-hand combat had never been her strong suit, a fact that Merlin was well aware of. Thinking fast, she teleported to the other side of the room, giving her a moment's respite. 

"What do you want with me?!" Merlin demanded. 

"You shall see soon enough..." 

***** 

"Archers, take your positions!" 

Gawain directed the men as best as he could, given the predicament they found themselves in. How Mordred's men had managed to infiltrate the walls of Camelot was beyond him, but not the most pressing issue at this time. His focus was on containing the damage and lasting until Arthur could arrive with reinforcements. Every so often, he glanced up to the central tower where Sir Ector was headquartered, giving instructions to the men below by waving different flags. 

"Are we to fire at will, sir?" one of the men asked. 

"No, hold our position for now. We cannot risk hitting our own men," Gawain replied. 

As the archers spread out across the ramparts above the courtyard, Gawain could see that they would have an easy time identifying their targets. The courtyard below was well lit with torches, but the ramparts were quite dark and hidden in the shadows. If they could only get their own men out of there in time, Mordred's forces would be easy targets for these men. But alas, the battle continued below, and the soldiers of Camelot were having difficulty just keeping containment, let alone getting out of harm's way. Mordred's men, on the other hand, seemed to have a specific goal in mind, one that remained a mystery to Gawain. 

Soon, a small contingent of Mordred's men broke off from the main fighting and made for the large wooden doors separating the outer and inner courtyards. As the archers were stationed on the walls of the inner courtyard, they immediately took aim at the ten men below. Two went down at once, but the rest managed to raise their shields in time, forming a protective barrier as they ran. After a moment, they began to use a nearby cart to hammer the doors to the inner courtyard, trying to break in. 

"Prepare yourselves! They come!" Gawain shouted at the top of his lungs. 

Now forewarned, the men in the inner courtyard were waiting for Mordred's men when they broke through. Though the numbers of Camelot were smaller in the inner courtyard, they were some of the most skilled warriors in the kingdom, whittling the group of insurgents down to four, and another two being dispatched by the archers up top. Still, the remaining two were ferocious fighters, each taking out three men in rapid succession on their own. By the time the archers had turned their attention to the pair, they had made it almost to the entrance of the central tower. By now, more of Mordred's men had made it through to the inner courtyard, diverting the attention of the ground soldiers below. 

"Sir Ector!! They are breaking in!!" Gawain shouted up to the tower. 

"Understood!" came the distant reply. 

Gawain sprinted along the ramparts and back towards the tower, intending to cut off the men that had just now broken through the door below. A feeling of dread washed over him as he realized what they were doing: they had to be after Queen Guinevere. 

***** 

Ector dashed down the stairs with axe in hand and ready to tangle with any of Mordred's men fool enough to engage him. Though old, he was a seasoned warrior, even as far back as before Arthur was born. He took great pride in his physical condition, and never backed down from a challenge, no matter how young and strong his opponent. Still, he had wisdom enough to avoid a head-on fight if unnecessary, but with Gawain's warning, that seemed a lost cause by this time. Rounding a corner, he saw a familiar face. 

"Sir Lancelot!" 

"Sir Ector! They are coming up this way, we must head them off!" 

"Right behind you!" 

The two men hurried down the remaining flights of stairs as quickly as they could, soon arriving in the foyer on the ground floor of the tower. Five of Mordred's men had broken through and were now battling a trio of Camelot soldiers. Seeing them outnumbered, Lancelot and Ector rushed into the fray to help. But almost the moment they arrived, two of their fellows were struck down, keeping the numbers at five against three. As the remaining three members of Camelot backed up together in a defensive formation, Ector noticed something out of the corner of his eye. 

"Lancelot, two men just ran up the stairs! After them!" 

"Right!" 

Lancelot disengaged his current opponent with a kick to the chest and sprinted after them. Though the remainder of Mordred's men tried to stop him, Ector stopped them dead in their tracks, intercepting them and killing one with a swift strike to the abdomen from his axe. At this point, the only remaining soldier of Camelot in the room attempted to assist, but was struck down by one of Mordred's men. 

"You bastards! Die!!" 

Ector roared in fury at seeing his fellows murdered, taking the head of Mordred's soldier clean off with his axe. At this point, he could hear more of them attempting to enter the tower, so he rushed to the doors and barricaded them shut with a large wooden beam. But as he did so, a searing pain suddenly penetrated him in the stomach. Ector looked down in disbelief; the last soldier he had forgotten about had run him through with a spear. 

"It... cannot... be..." 

The older man gasped his last, falling to the ground in a lifeless heap. 

"ECTOR!!" 

Gawain shouted in grief from the second-floor balcony, having just arrived on the scene. With little regard for his own safety, he slid down the railing of the staircase and engaged Ector's killer with his sword. Though the soldier was good, Ector and Lancelot had worn him out significantly, and all it took was a few angry strikes for Gawain to throw him off balance. At that opportunity, the young knight made a precise slash to the man's throat, spilling his blood and avenging his fallen friend. 

"Ector! Ector, please speak to me!" 

Gawain knelt beside Ector, praying that by some miracle the man survived, but he was gone. A flame of righteous anger began to burn inside Gawain; he longed to see as many of Mordred's men die at his hand as he could. Still, he knew what Ector had given his life for. Collecting himself, Gawain ensured that the door was properly barricaded once more before ascending the stairs back to the ramparts. With Lancelot nowhere to be found, he was now in charge of defending Camelot. 

***** 

Merlin drew on all the power he could, working to maintain his speed and keep the fight with Morgan at close range. That is where he would have the advantage, due to her weakness with hand-to-hand combat. Seeing his strategy, Morgan countered by freezing the floor, slowing them both down considerably and allowing her to maintain her distance. Still, Merlin persisted, continuing to try and close the distance between them. 

He has not weakened in his old age; that much is certain. 

Again drawing on her aptitude with fire as Merlin drew close, Morgan ignited her arms in flames, waving them in every direction to keep her adversary at bay for the moment. This had the unintended effect of melting the floor around them, allowing Merlin to gain better footing and summon up his rock armor once more. The two traded blows for several minutes before Morgan decided to throw him a curveball that she knew he had not seen from her before. Stunning him with a blast of wind, she summoned up her aura and fashioned a staff from it. As she turned to attack Merlin, the staff then ignited, forcing Merlin to take a defensive stance. 

"Combining your favored element with an aura weapon? Most impressive," Merlin admitted. 

"This is only the beginning. My power has grown to heights you could only dream of in the last year." 

"We shall see..." 

Evading another swing of her fiery staff, Merlin summoned up his own aura and produced his favorite weapons: his twin aura whips. He worked to turn the momentum of their battle by spinning them at high speeds to defend against her onslaught. Morgan retreated for a moment at this, but was not deterred. As soon as she saw an opening, she thrust her staff into the path of one of his whips and yanked as hard as she could, flipping Merlin over her head and onto his back. Before she could act to immobilize him, the wily old sorcerer had already leapt to his feet and teleported to the other side of the room. 

Sensing an opportunity approaching, Morgan began to fire off a series of fireballs at him, forcing Merlin to evade with a variety of acrobatic maneuvers. Even as he avoided her attacks, Merlin was beginning to tire, a fact that had not gone unnoticed by Morgan. She maintained her assault, soon backing Merlin into a corner. As he defended against another barrage of fireballs with his whips, Morgan enacted the technique she'd been waiting to use. With a wave of her hand, several thick tree roots burst through the wall and floor around Merlin, wrapping around his limbs and waist. He was trapped. 

"Too slow, old man!" she crowed. 

Merlin attempted to escape by turning intangible, but to no avail. Morgan had managed to enchant the roots so that such a spell would be ineffective against them. 

"So what now? Kill me in cold blood?" Merlin said defiantly. 

"Kill you in cold blood? How barbaric!" Morgan replied with a grin. "No, old friend. I have something far better in mind." 

As Morgan approached, the stone in her choker necklace began to glow a brilliant red. This glow only intensified as she placed a hand on Merlin's pendant. 

"As you can see, I have labored to increase my power and knowledge in the last year," she continued. "I have learned many things that I could only dream of during my time studying under you. Perhaps the most incredible thing of all is a nasty little spell I learned during a journey across the seas: the leech spell. Observe." 

Merlin's eyes went wide with shock as she gripped his pendant tightly, a searing pain entering his mind. It felt as if he was dying. 

"Do you feel it, old man? Do you feel your channel beginning to turn against you? Invading your mind, killing you from the inside out? Such is the nature of our power. The one thing that allows us to achieve our feats of wonder... can be the instrument of our destruction. Through your channel, your life force flows into me, making me stronger and imbuing me with your power. Shhh, it shall only last a minute more. Soon you shall be no more than an empty husk. Goodbye, Merlin." 

"Stop!" 

Morgan spun her head around, startled by the unfamiliar voice. She had only a moment's notice to react to the glowing arrow flying in her direction, back-flipping out of the way at the last instant. As she landed, she now saw that her assailant was a young man. She at first thought him a soldier of Camelot, but the glowing blue ring on his finger told her the truth. 

"Ah, it seems you have taken a new apprentice in your old age," Morgan said. 

"Merlin? Are you hurt?" Dave asked, not taking his eyes or bow off the strange woman for an instant. 

"I... will be fine," he croaked. 

"Let me help with that." 

In a flash, Dave fired off a trio of arrows into the roots that bound Merlin, causing them to tremble and release him at last. Even before Merlin hit the ground, Dave's weapon was aimed at Morgan once more. Merlin stumbled to his knees for a moment, but soon regained enough of his strength to stand with Dave. 

"David, allow me to introduce you to Morgan le Fay, my former pupil. Morgan, this is David of Brighton, by far the most talented student I have ever taught." 

"I would say it is a pleasure, but it would be an outright lie," Morgan sneered. 

"Likewise," Dave replied coolly. 

"Behave yourself, Morgan. You are outnumbered now," Merlin said. 

"Ah yes, how unfair. If only there were some way I could... even things up." 

A sinister smile formed on Morgan's face as she eyed something out of the corner of her eye. With a snap of her fingers, a nearby statue of King Arthur began to shake until it seemed to come to life, stepping off its pedestal and turning to stand beside Morgan. 

"Now... shall we continue?" she asked with a smirk. 

***** 

Guinevere sat alone in her room, the sounds of the battle echoing through her window. She dared not look, for she feared what she might see. Without Arthur here, how long could Camelot hold out? Suddenly, she heard voices coming from the hallway, and there came a banging at her door. Before she could react, the door burst open, revealing two men with golden dragon insignias on their uniforms. 

"Queen Guinevere? You are coming with us," one announced. 

As she stood in petrified fear, the men began to advance upon her, their eyes glazing over with lust. She tried to keep the sofa between herself and them, but the pair split up and each managed to grab her by the arm. 

"Release me!" 

"Come now, make this easy on yourself. It will hurt far less." 

The two men drug her over to her bed, forcing her to lay sideways on her back. One went around to the other side to pin her down by the shoulders while the other began to untie his pants. 

"Just relax. It will be over soon enough." 

At that moment, the door burst open once more, and all in the room were shocked to see who it was. 

"Lancelot!" Guinevere cried. 

"Kill him!" the lead soldier shouted, retying his pants. 

The two men advanced on Lancelot with swords in hand. The knight replied with a flurry of slashes, throwing the invaders off balance as they worked to defend. As they engaged him, they found Lancelot's short stature to be of benefit to him, as he was more easily able to evade the attacks by the taller men. He also kept the fighting quite close, preventing the soldiers from using their longer reach to their advantage. Still, this gave one of them an opening to punch Lancelot in the gut, stunning him and knocking him to the ground. As he fell, his sword clattered across the room. 

Lancelot at first thought to dive after his sword, but one of the soldiers had already moved to block his path in that direction. He stood, his back to the open window, and saw the other soldier charging his position. Waiting until the last instant, Lancelot managed to evade the solder's thrust and pin his arm behind his back. With a swift kick to the ass, the knight sent his adversary falling to his death out the window. 

"Now you are dead!" 

Turning, Lancelot saw the other soldier preparing to attack him once more. This time, there was a bit more distance between them, giving Lancelot time to pull a pair of daggers from his belt. Before the attacking soldier knew what had happened, the knight had closed the distance between them and ducked under his wild sword slash, stabbing him in the stomach with both daggers. 

"No... now you are dead!" Lancelot growled in victory. 

The soldier gasped and struggled as best he could, but the pain was too great. Seeing him still alive, Lancelot twisted and pulled on his daggers, slicing the man across the belly and beginning to spill his innards on the floor. At last, after a final attempt to speak, the soldier passed out and succumbed to death. Lancelot smiled; how he loved achieving such a dominant victory. He then rose to his feet and wiped his daggers on the dead man's uniform before retrieving his sword. 

"Your Highness, are you injured?" he asked, turning his attention to Guinevere. 

"I am not. My thanks to you," she sighed, appearing from behind the bed. 

"I am glad," Lancelot said, approaching her. "I could not have lived with myself had I failed to stop those pigs." 

"Sir Lancelot... you truly are the bravest man in all Camelot." 

Their eyes met, their breathing deepened. Both could feel the electricity in the air as he took her hand in his. This was wrong, and they both knew it, but they did not care in those moments. Lancelot had harbored a secret love for Guinevere for years, and she wanted nothing more than to reward her savior. Inch-by-inch, their faces began to draw closer. 

"Lancelot! Where are you?" came a voice from the hallway. 

"Damn," he muttered to himself. "In here!" 

The pair composed themselves as a soldier of Camelot entered. 

"Sir, I... I must tell you... Sir Ector has been slain," the man stammered. 

"What?!" 

"In the foyer... there were too many of them. I am sorry." 

Lancelot sighed at the loss of a dear friend. "We must ensure these bastards pay for this." 

"I agree. Sir Gawain is now leading our men. He is out on the ramparts attempting to rally the troops, but will need your help as well." 

"Very well, I shall go to him. You must remain here; I just killed two men after Her Highness. Guard the queen with your life, soldier." 

"I understand. Good fortune to you, Sir Lancelot!" 

"And you as well!" 

After a manly head-slap, Lancelot sprinted out the door. 

***** 

"Take this!" 

Dave launched several blasts of fire at the statue that Morgan had brought to life, but the hunk of stone just shrugged them off. As it advanced, Dave attempted to slow it down by levitating a nearby tapestry to wrap itself around the statue's head. This had no effect, though, as the statue was not dependent upon sight to function. Dave barely had time enough to roll out of the way of its sword strike a moment later. 

Shit... there's gotta be some way to beat this thing. Let's see... it's a statue made of stone, stone is an element of earth. Wait... didn't Merlin say that wind scatters earth? 

Meanwhile, Merlin was once again engaged with Morgan at close range, each having summoned up their respective armors of earth and fire. Though Merlin had the advantage in hand-to-hand combat, Morgan's previous attempt to drain his life force had weakened him enough that they were on equal footing. Merlin was able to defend against her with ease, but could not muster the reaction time to counterattack with a finishing blow. Morgan picked up on this and maintained her offensive in an attempt to wear Merlin out. 
