 Snatch's hand tingled and twitched as his mind raced. He hadn't meant to do that.

He hadn't meant to drop the scythe. He hadn't meant to get so ... diverted. He hadn't even meant to watch the mad, deranged, glorious, delectable nymph assault her pussy like that. Her moans of lust, her sensuous touches—they'd hypnotized him just as perfectly as her beautiful green eyes.

The eyes that were now staring right into his own.

His right hand had done it. The hand that she had held and tainted with her juices. Surely. He hadn't done it.

The green-haired and green-eyed beauty smiled. "Jus' keep tellin' yourself that," she slurred, clearly still a bit out-of-sorts from her orgasm. Her eyes came closer. "You don't need to look at my pretty eyes now," she whispered. "Close yours. Close your eyes. See them in your mind; let 'em take hold. It'll feel so goooood."

His eyes fluttered, then closed. He could still see the green glow. It stared at him, and he was naked before it.

He felt a sudden chill, and realized she was pulling his trousers down. "Mm ... Cicuta! Lisura! Put her back in the vines and help me with this one!"

A moment went by, as he desperately swam against the green orbs' power. Then, he felt feathery touches run along his arms and chest. "Ooh, Esca, good work." The voice was silky and smug. "I think you want a reward, though. Oh, yes, you do, don't you? What a good slut."

"Oh!" He heard Esca gasp. "Ooh, um ... ooh ... ooh, thanks, Cicuta." She gave a giggle that turned extremely high-pitched towards the end. He heard sucking sounds as Esca began to moan.

He felt hot breath on his ear. "They'll be busy for a minute or so," whispered a low, sultry voice in his ear. "Why don't we get ... heh ... introduced."

A hand took his and gently tugged him along. He didn't object. The two green eyes were still watching him, and he was so thirsty, so tired ... It felt so nice to obey these enchanting creatures. To sink into the emerald glare. Esca's words rang again in his mind as her real-life moans hit a crescendo. Again and again.

He felt his feet enter something cool and wet and ... tingly. The pool, he vaguely realized. The hand led him onward, and he soon found himself waist-deep in the water.

"Sit," the voice in his ear commanded. He obeyed, feeling soft grass beneath. "Good boy," the voice whispered, sounding incredibly pleased. "Open your eyes."

He opened them. He was on the edge of the pool. His naked legs were hanging free in the clear, shining water. Behind him, he heard giggles and moans that were swiftly turning to one woman giggling and the other whimpering.

Before him was a pair of shining green eyes just like Esca's. These seemed much more entertained by his predicament. Their owner was another gorgeous young woman, of course, with long green hair in ornate braids and absolutely nothing on. The only difference was that her hair was a slightly paler shade of green.

She smirked. "Hello, there." Her slender fingers crawled up his leg. "Comfortable now?"

"I ... ah ..." He stared. Something was very wrong here. These were nymphs. Wicked nymphs. Nymphs who wanted to use him. Endlessly. Without escape. Making him scream. Giving him untold and unending pleasure. All he had to do was sit still and ... wait. He was confused again.

"I'm Lisura," the nymph said. She spoke very slowly, as if to a child. "What's yours?"

"I ... ah ... Snatch."

Lisura smiled at him. "Good boy." He felt an intense wave of pleasure roll over him at the praise. His eyes widened. What was wrong with him? Since when was he this easy to ... "But that's not quite right," she continued. "Try again."

No. Hell no. He swallowed, or tried to, with his dry mouth. "Go f-fuck yourself."

The words sounded weak, but at least they made it out. Even that show of defiance was difficult. It felt so much easier to just surrender, as the rest of his body clearly had. But hell no. Not his real name. Not to anyone. Not again.

Lisura put a finger to her lips, pouting. "Oh, what a naughty toy Esca caught." She leaned closer, her eyes boring into him with merciless intensity. "Try again."

His mouth opened of its own accord. His cock was fully erect in his lap.

He almost gave in this time. Nymphs had powerful magic, but Snatch's will was stronger. If only he were clothed, armed, and without this ... this weakness ... He gritted his teeth. "Go. Fuck. Yourself."

"Oh, I'd love to." Her hand crawled down his chest. "But I think I'm gonna fuck you instead. Tell me your name." The words drilled into his skull with a vicious insistence. Tell me your name. Tell me your name. Tell me your name.

It almost hurt. And he knew it would all stop, if only he gave in. Just a name. Was that so much to ask? But it was. Wasn't it?

Snatch trembled. "I ... no!"

Lisura smiled. "Yes," she breathed, and he smelled her musky perfume as she leaned closer still.

"I ..." Snatch was having trouble focusing. "I don't ..."

"Silly boy." Lisura's other hand crept between her legs and started rubbing. Her eyes half-closed, and he distinctly smelled the scent of her spicy arousal. "This silly boy needs a little reminder of who's in control." He felt Lisura's supple fingers wrap around his cock and give a long, soft stroke.

"I ..." Snatch was trembling with effort. All he knew was that he had to resist. Because ... because ... He barely even remembered what she wanted to ...

"Na-a-ame," she moaned, taking her hand away and rubbing his cock again, this time with one nymph juice-covered finger. His cock tingled strangely at the slick touches.

He was suddenly having a great deal of trouble remembering why he was resisting. She stroked the cock again with the same finger, and something in him cracked.

"Alrek," he whispered, his voice meek.

Lisura beamed. "Good boy," she cooed. He shuddered at the praise. "Such a good boy." She leaned closer, lips parting. "Oh, this good little boy deserves a kiss, I think."

He gradually began to struggle, but too late, too feebly, as her arms wrapped around him and pulled him close. Her mouth encircled his, silencing his groans with her soft, luscious lips. Her tongue stabbed in, and she took him in a kiss of shocking passion.

And just like that, his world vanished. Suddenly, all there was was Lisura, soft, supple Lisura, and the wonderful things she was going to do to him. Everything else suddenly seemed grayer, rougher, dryer.

At last, she pulled back, giving a little chuckle. "That should do it."

Alrek blinked. He felt strange. Lightheaded.

Thirsty. So thirsty. Holy shit. His mouth suddenly felt like it was choked with ash. He started to gasp.

Vaguely, he realized Esca's whimpering (and the other nymph's laughter) had stopped.

At that moment, a new pair of eyes entered his vision. This nymph looked exactly like the others, of course, save for a single streak of red hair. Beside her was Esca, who had a dazed look on her pretty face.

"I'm Cicuta, toy," the new nymph hissed. Without another word, her fingers entwined themselves in his hair, and she took his mouth with hers in another ravishing kiss.

Alrek trembled from her ferocity. He heard Lisura murmuring something like, "Already done, Cicuta," but the other nymph didn't seem interested in interfering. As Cicuta's tongue lashed in his mouth, he realized what she was doing. She was drinking.

She was drinking him.

But even knowing this, he couldn't help but let out a tiny moan of longing as she pulled away. Cicuta grinned as Alrek stared at her with wide eyes. His cock was throbbing with need, but his mouth and throat almost hurt. His lips were chapped. His vision was turning fuzzy, and there, in the center of it all, was the beautiful, cruel Cicuta. "Are we thirsty now, little one?"

"Yes, he is!" Esca let out a weak giggle. It seemed receiving Cicuta's 'reward' had left her voice a bit hoarse.

Cicuta smirked. "I thought so." She rested her hands on Alrek's head, winked—and forced his head under.

Alrek's head lay under the cool, shining water for just a moment as he struggled to clear his mind. The kisses had dazed him, and something about the water wasn't helping. It was quiet down here. Peaceful.

He slowly blinked. Then he inhaled and realized he couldn't breathe water.

Alrek let out a scream, but all that came out was a stream of bubbles, and more water entered his lungs. He started thrashing about, choking on the strange fluid. It tasted like water, but something was definitely off about it. It tingled on his tongue.

He couldn't feel the bottom of the pool. If there was one, it was well outside his reach. He tried to wriggle out of the nymph's grip by swimming further down, but Esca had his legs pinned to the mossy ground. And the more water entered his body, the weaker he felt. His strokes became languid and limp. His kicks became mild squirms. And still he struggled.

Alrek thrashed there for what felt like hours as his strength slowly leaked away. It was probably only a few minutes. When Cicuta at last lifted him back out of the water, he was completely limp. She gently laid him down on his back and set his feet back down in the pool.

The three nymphs sat—Cicuta to his right, Esca and Lisura to his left. They smiled down at him, green eyes glinting with wicked mischief. He gave a weak cough, struggling to choke up the water so he could breathe again.

"Oh, don't do that," Cicuta whispered, leaning over him. Alrek smelled the strange perfume again as she started kissing his neck. "That water won't hurt you," she said in his ear. "All it does is make you weak. Nice and ... pliable. It'll settle in a few seconds."

He groaned. Lisura glanced up at Esca, her smile becoming crafty. "Esca, I think our boy needs help breathing."

"Oh, really?" Esca giggled.

"Oh, yes. Definitely. We'd better find a way to help him." Lisura looked down at him fondly.

"Hm ..." Esca leaned down, out of his field of vision.

"Oh, yes," Cicuta hissed, giving his neck a long lick. "He needs to breathe deeper."

Snatch wasn't sure he liked where this was going.

"He needs to gasp." Cicuta's hand strayed down, and he felt it run over his rigid cock. He tried not to react, but a little whimper escaped him. "Inhale, exhale. Gasp. Scream."

"And he will," Lisura said. She lay down beside Snatch and steered his face toward hers—close enough that her lips touched his when she spoke. "Do you know where Esca is going, little thief? She's going to suck you off."

Alrek trembled. "I ... no, stop ... stop her ..." The kisses on his neck, the proximity to Lisura, the spinning in his mind ... it was all too much. Too much. He couldn't bear anything more.

Lisura chuckled. "Oh, no. You don't want us to." She took him in another kiss—less dehydrating this time, but still filled with a lusty hunger that scattered his senses. When she finally pulled away, Alrek found himself struggling to remember why he was complaining. This felt so good. So easy. Why was he ...?

His mind clicked back into focus. Nymphs. Evil, lusty nymphs. They would enslave his mind, use him endlessly, torment him until his spirit broke. He would be trapped. His mind shattered into a fey plaything.

Not him. He was Snatch, thief, ex-adventurer, and ex-mercenary. He wouldn't go this way. He struggled against Lisura's gentle grasp, but even that was too much for his weakened limbs. His mind raced with scant options. "Y ... I can make it worth your while."

"Oh, you will," Lisura purred.

Alrek tried vainly to move his arms. A short ways past Lisura, he could see his pack. He needed his gear. His heart filled with defiant rage. "I will not—"

He stopped short.

His mind clicked, clacked, and skittered off the tracks, as pleasure started to flood him from below.

"There he goes," Cicuta hissed, placing several wet kisses down his neck. "Esca will make the toy realize how good being ours will make him feel."

Something wonderful, soft, and wet was touching his cock, devouring his sensitive head. He could hear the sounds of Esca's hungry sucking and moaning, and the sounds themselves made him moan in arousal. That seemed to please her, because her efforts on him increased.

SCHLUP -mmm- SCHLUP SCHLURP

He started to let out another moan, but was smothered in another kiss from Lisura. Cicuta laughed cruelly. "He will learn to serve."

"Oh, yes," Lisura sighed huskily. "Nobody gives tongue like Esca." She pulled away from him with a soft moan, as if experiencing a fond memory. Alrek looked up at her. He was utterly helpless. The immense pleasure coming from Esca's attentions below was too much to bear, and she was so beautiful. Her eyes burned into his will like fire through tissue paper.

He was helpless. He couldn't stop the nymphs. They would use him forever, and there was nothing he could do about it.

SCHLUP SCHLUP SCHLURP

The realization filled him with lust.

He managed to look down. Esca was bobbing up and down with an expression of bliss on her face, sucking on his cock like a delectable sweetmeat. She looked up at him, eyes bright with lust.

Then Cicuta was pulling his head away. She looked down at him, her expression filled with malicious amusement. "You will be ours. She will make you understand."

Alrek stared. He couldn't struggle. Why would he? Why would he fight such total bliss?

Wait. No. He had reasons. The nymphs were going to do horrible, delicious things to him. They were ... unending pleasure ... oh ...

SCHLUP SCHLUP SCHLURP

No! He'd fought sex-crazed succubi, lusty ghouls, and worked alongside the horniest and most gorgeous druidess he'd ever met for two years, and never once had he given into their temptations without a fight! Summoning the last of his strength, he rose, pushing the two nymphs away. He started to sit up, reaching down to shove Esca's face off his cock—

Esca looked up at him, and he heard a giggle through her sucking. Her eyes went bright with an idea. He had a moment of pure, utter terror.

SCHLUP-SCHLUP-SCHLURRRRP

With new speed and gusto, he felt her tongue start to lather saliva all over the most sensitized part of his cock. She licked his glans over and over and ...

The strength leeched from him like sand from an egg timer. He fell back down with a feeble cry, as all semblance physical resistance left him once and for all.

The nymphs exchanged grins. "Silly boy." Lisura wrapped her arms around Alrek and kissed him on the lips. "Trying to resist Esca's sweet, sweet tongue. Such a silly little toy we've caught."

Toy? No. I'm not...oh... Esca's efforts were getting very fast, her tongue running over his cock with expertise clearly derived from great experience. Every point she attacked simply melted beneath her merciless attentions. No part of him could fight back. She assaulted every weak point, every sensitive area, utterly without mercy. Ohhh...

Cicuta's expression was full of triumph that looked almost orgasmic. She leaned over him, her perfumed breath filling his gasping lungs. "Why would you ever want to leave unending pleasure?" she hissed. "What a confused little toy. You need only serve."

Yes. He had been confused. What had he been doing outside the clearing?

What was outside the clearing?

He needed only serve.

He only wanted to serve.

Serving felt...so...good...ohhh....

SCHLUP SCHLUP -mmmm!- SCHLURP

He could barely make out the nymph's words over the utter ecstasy that was consuming him. He heard only the amused tones, and they sounded wonderful. It was good to amuse these creatures. He was their toy, and toys were meant to make their owners happy, right? Meant to serve. So simple. Felt so nice. Serving meant so much pleasure.

SCHLUP SCHLUP -oooh- SCHLURP

And he heard Esca's sucking, and her hungry moans, and the noise made him grow more and more desperate. He saw out of the corner of his eye that she was masturbating furiously as she sucked. And that made him happy, too.

He was building. Somehow, he wasn't coming, but surely soon. Soon. Soon.

SCHLUP SCHLUP -mmm- SCHLURP

Soon.

SCHLUP -mm- SCHLUP -ooh, mmm- SCHLURP

Please. Soon.

SCHLUP SCHLUP SCHLURP MMMM

At the last lick, Esca came. She squealed through his cock, and he jerked in pleasure. The pleasure was indescribable. But the climax would not come. He looked up at the two other nymphs, eyes wide with growing horror.

Cicuta giggled at his expression. She leaned over, whispering in his ear. "More pleasure?" she hissed. "Our toy wants more? He no longer wants to leave us?"

He could only moan to signal the affirmative.

Lisura smiled down at him. "Why would our toy want more than this? Isn't this enough?"

He whimpered.

"Hm." Lisura tapped her chin. "We must play with him first, I think." She looked to Cicuta.

The other nymph grinned. "Oh, yes." She looked down at him, chuckling darkly. "You must take your three chances to escape first.

At this, some piece of Snatch's willpower rallied again. Escape? Thank the gods! Perhaps he could—

SCHLUP SCHLUP SCHLURP

And with another lick, his willpower was again gone. Why would he want to escape? He knew it was important, but he just couldn't remember why ... how could he serve them, pleasure them, finally reach orgasm? How could he be their toy if he was gone?

Lisura leaned closer, preparing for a final kiss.

"Three chances," Cicuta whispered. "Three chances to escape, horny little toy. A sweet little game for your Mistresses. If you choose to take even one of them, you can leave. You have our word as nymphs, for we are bound by the Primal Code. If not ..."

Lisura took his mouth in hers and kissed him roughly. He felt her bite his lip, and his brain went numb.

SCHLUP SCHLUP SCHLURRRRRP

He let out another whimper and passed out.