 When Snatch awoke, he was alone in the clearing. His legs dangled in the pool, and he was, of course, still naked.

He lay there a moment. The temptation to stay put was close to overwhelming. His cock throbbed slightly at the mere memory of the pleasures the nymphs had bestowed upon him. They had promised so much more if he failed all three tests. Gods, so much more...

But he also remembered his pride. Snatch's pride had gotten him into a lot of scrapes in the past, but it had also made sure he always got out. He wasn't going to abandon it now to be some sluts' fucktoy.

He sat up and pulled his legs out of the water. Instantly, his mind felt clearer. A few things finally clicked for Snatch.

Poisons. He got to his feet, growling. They put poisons in me.

Snatch's will was rock-hard, but he'd never been good at handling toxins. So this was why he'd been won over so easily. He felt a bit better at this—until he remembered that it had been his own fault they'd been able to poison him.

He'd been careless. It would not happen again.

He looked around. There, at the edge of the clearing, were his clothes, satchel and scythe. He took a step forward.

A long feminine moan sounded from behind him. Snatch froze. He was not alone.

Slowly, he turned.

At the edge of the clearing, behind the pool, there was a great tangle of thick green vines. He hadn't gotten a good look at it before, but now he could see that in their center was a beautiful human woman.

She was human, as far as Snatch could tell. Unlike the nymphs, her hair was golden blond. She let out a louder cry, and Snatch could see why.

The vines had her arms and legs spread wide. She gasped as one thick vine thrust in and out of her wet pussy. A thinner, oddly slimy-looking vine was entwined around her breasts, rubbing them incessantly and covering them with the same slime. This one wound around her body to her rear, where it snaked in and out of her ass with a rhythm to match the thicker vine's attentions.

She let out a desperate moan. Snatch could tell that she, like him, was being held back from climax.

He hesitated. Some part of him did pity her, of course. But the nymphs had given him a challenge, and he had a feeling they were not going to play fair. His cock was getting stiff just from looking at this tortured prisoner.

Besides, he thought, nodding to himself, she seems happy enough here.

He started to turn away.

That was when the woman's bright blue eyes opened.

She noticed Snatch instantly, and looked at him with an expression of pathetic desperation. "Please!" she screamed. "Please, oh please-please-please ohhh..."

Snatch swallowed, taking a step back. Something told him she was not begging to be released.

A smug voice sounded in his head. She wants you. Wants that nice, hard cock of yours.

What did you do to her? Snatch thought. He wasn't sure why he bothered asking—he knew quite well.

Heehee! This voice was higher. Esca, probably. Oh, I think you know that!

Of course the toy knows. I think he wants to hear it from us, though. The Cicuta in his head laughed. We fucked her. Again and again. She's our fucktoy, just like you want to be. A perfect little slutty slave.

Snatch realized he was dawdling. He took another step away from the vines.

Oh, no, Lisura scolded, in a motherly tone. You don't want to leave her like this, do you?

Ooh, we can't have that, Cicuta hissed. A good little toy should be eager to surrender to her. Give her what she so desperately needs.

The vines suddenly gave a long shudder. Those holding the woman's arms fell away..

Snatch's eyes widened. "No."

The vines holding her legs likewise fell off. The woman sat up, looking straight at him with a hungry, almost feral grin.

Oh, yes. You want to be a good toy, don't you?

The phrase 'good toy' ripped through him like a tornado of lust. Suddenly, Snatch's cock stood hard and erect. Snatch had a feeling the poison wasn't quite gone yet, and that made him very, very nervous. Anything could happen here if he wasn't in absolute full control. "No," he gasped.

Heehee! You don't hafta lie—we know how good it makes you feel!

Esca is right, Cicuta's voice hissed. While you slept, we made ... alterations.

Triggers. Not good. Snatch tried to take another step back and found himself instead starting to step forward instead.

Ooh, yesss. Such a desperate little pet we've caught. You love being ours, don't you? What a weak-willed little fool.

Snatch found he was trembling. Again, he tried to step backwards, but his legs continued to betray him. "No. Poisoned me!"

You will make our slut quite happy, toy.

Heehee! He'll be a toy for a toy! Anna's gonna fuck him ... ooh, she's gonna fuck his brains out ... ooh, she's just gonna ... make him ... make him screeeam...

Now, Esca, Cicuta hissed, sounding amused, I'm starting to think you weren't rewarded enough earlier for finding our fun new toy.

Oh! Ooh! Hee-HEEoohh...

I think you want to be my toy for a little while, don't you?

Nuh ... ooh ... ooh ... yesss....

Snatch stood stock-still as the sounds of Esca's ecstasy coursed through his mind. His knees quaked.

He became aware of the woman—"Anna"—approaching. He looked at her, his eyes wide. Her large breasts were slick with the vine's slime. The area between her legs was dripping with both her juices and those of the slippery plants. Her eyes blazed with molten lust.

"Don't—" he managed, before she leaped.

Snatch tried to dodge, but instead fell on his back. She landed atop him, moaning, and took him in a hungry kiss. Her soft lips met his as a long, agile tongue writhed in his mouth, warred with his own. Meanwhile, Esca started whimpering.

Ooh ... oh yes ma'am ... suck th'other one—oh yes yes yes I am...

Snarling, Snatch managed to knock Anna off to the side and scrabble onto his knees. Had to fight. Had to reach the scy—

"Mmm ... where's my ... my good toy going?"

He stiffened as electric lust surged into his body from the sensuously-spoken words. Against his best efforts, his head slowly turned back to look at her.

Anna was getting to her feet. She locked eyes with Snatch and slowly sauntered back over. He started to get up, but she placed a slippery hand on his bare shoulder, holding him down. "No ..." she breathed. "Gonna ... fuck ..."

He found himself sitting still as she moved over. Before he knew it, he was kneeling right in front of her dripping pussy. His eyes locked onto it. Naked. Wet. Her sweet, sensual smell hit his nose.

"Fuck me ..." she rasped.

He rolled his eyes. As if. He wasn't about to become the toy of a toy.

Oh! No, no-no-no, keep—keep—. Esca's next thoughts were a wordless scream.

"You ... wanna fuck me ..." Anna spread her legs wide, putting her pussy on full display.

"No," he muttered.

The smell of her sex was more than a little heady. Unconsciously, he breathed deeper. Breathing it wasn't the same as giving in, after all.

"Of course not," she said. "You can ... breathe as much as you ... like..."

And he did. He took a deep, deep breath. Where was the harm?

Anna gave a small moan. "What ... what do you do when you ... go ... to your owner?"

What did she mean? What was she getting at? Alrek didn't understand.

"Kne-e-el," she said, moaning with lust as she spoke. Her other hand idly rubbed her clit. "Isn't that ... right?"

Yes. Alrek blinked, his brain slowly grinding to the answer. That was right. Anna was right. She was smarter than Alrek had thought.

"Yes ... smarter than you ..."

That didn't sound right. But ... no, it didn't.

"Are you ... kneeling before me?"

Alrek blinked, trying to clear his head. Yes, but—

"I ... must be your owner, then ..." She giggled.

That made sense.

Wait. No, it didn't; it was stupid. Snatch furrowed his brow, trying to lean away. He was in charge here. He wasn't owned by anyone.

Anna held onto his shoulder and pulled him just a bit closer, so he could breathe deeper of her musky, sodden sex. "You ... wanna be ... owned ..."

No, he didn't. Of course not. He wanted to

"... be ... mine ..."

Wait.

How did Anna know what

"I'm ... thinking ..." he whispered.

He realized, to his horror, that he'd been speaking aloud the entire time.

Poor, darling toy, Lisura whispered. Your thoughts are hers to read and write. Your body is hers to take. Your mind is ours to ... modify.

"No ..." he gasped. "I'm ... in control ..."

No, and he never wanted to be. He wanted to submit. He wanted to be a good toy. Good toy. Good t—

"Stop!" he cried, trying and failing to make his legs move. He couldn't think straight. He had to ... had to ...

He needed to serve Anna. He needed to fuck her. He needed to be hers forever. Yes. Yes, that was right. Good ... good boy ...

Oh gods, oh gods, yes, Cicuta, YES, YES!

"Good boy," Anna cooed. "You can't ... mm ... fight me, can you? Don't wanna. You'll do ..." Her fingers stroked just a tad faster between her legs. "Ooh ... whatever I want you do ... think what I want you to think ..."

Her other hand rose from her crotch and grasped his other shoulder, and she slowly pulled him closer, until he could breathe nothing but her sex's thick musk. "Feels ... so good ... to be my toy ... doesn't it?"

"No ..." he moaned.

YES! YES-YES-FUCK ME FUCK ME YESSSSS

Esca's screams of joy fell into his mind and settled there. He couldn't think of anything else, and in that moment, trapped in his own mind, helplessly experiencing the nymph's pleasure, he lost.

Yes. Yes, he wanted to be hers. He was hers. It felt so good to be a good toy.

Anna smiled widely "Then why aren't you ... mm ... licking me ..." she pulled his head closer. "... when I smell ... sooooo ... goooood ..."

He heard her give a triumphant giggle as he started licking at her delicate folds. She moaned, forcing his head to grind against her crotch. "Oh, yes. Lick me! Lick, lick, lick! Oooh, please, yes!"

His thoughts dissolved into screams and moans as her pleasure, like Esca's, sank into his mind and would not leave. He felt her joy keener than he'd ever felt his own. It felt godly. It felt perfect.

You're already hers, he dimly heard Cicuta hiss. Stupid little fucktoy couldn't even fight her, could he? Because he didn't want to.

No ... No, he was doing this of his own free will. Right? He wanted this.

Anna has you totally under her control, toy. Cicuta laughed. You want her so badly.

He fell back on his back, as commanded by Anna. He loved doing what she told him to do. Loved submitting. Loved serving. Loved making her happy. Just obeying her commands aroused him.

That's what she's making you think. She's completely in your brain, toy. And you love it that way.

Heehee! Ooh, this is fun. I caught a really really fun toy, didn't I?

Alrek shook as Anna sank down on his lap, her slick pussy wrapping hungrily around his hard, pulsating cock. She wrapped her arms around his head and guided him to her breast.

Drink! Esca sang. Drink the slut, toy!

The command was from Esca, not Anna, but he was too weak-willed at this point to notice. He took one of Anna's tits in his mouth and started suckling it like an infant. Meanwhile, Anna started bouncing up and down in his lap. He moaned as he sucked. Anna only laughed.

Then she started screaming. Screams of total, pure lust.

The vines played with her, Cicuta hissed, for hours. Nonstop. Unending stimulation. Their slime made her hornier and hornier, but she just. Couldn't. Come.

Something about the slime in Anna's pussy was making his cock even harder. He was becoming more and more desperate.

But now she's out of the plant, toy. She can come. And when she starts, she will never stop. You lose the first test if she comes.

Alrek felt a tinge of alarm as he registered this. He had to stop. Had to fight. Had to—he tasted something sweet and savory on his tongue. Had to ... had to ...

Had to suck. Had to drink. Oh, fuck, yes, he had to drink. It felt so good to drink. Felt so right to drink. He drank the sweet, succulent nectar from the blonde's bounteous breasts, moaning against her soft flesh. He couldn't stop sucking any more than he could make her stop ... oh ...

You're just gulping down her toxin, aren't you? Cicuta laughed. Stupid, gullible toy. She can come. You won't. She enunciated the words with orgasmic slowness. No matter. How. Hard. You. Get.

Hee! She'll keep him like that for hours!

He heard Anna's screams getting louder, higher-pitched. She was approaching orgasm. His eyes widened. "N-no ..."

More than hours, toy. Days. Weeks. Until we decide you've had enough.

"Please no no—mmf! Mm!" He tried to pull away, but Anna only laughed and pressed his face up against her breast, forcing him to taste more of that wonderful ambrosia. She continued to bounce, slickly stroking against his hard, achingly sensitive manhood with her tight pussy walls.

Enjoy yourself, toy.

"Mm! Mm! Mm. Mm ... mmm ..."

Anna let out one last, shrill scream, and then she came. His cock was suddenly bathed in her juices as her whole body began to jerk and thrash in the throws of an unimaginable orgasm. She clutched Alrek tighter, mashing his face into her tits. He could barely breath—not just from smothering, but from sheer, overwhelming pleasure consuming his every thought, drawing his breath into cries and moans and whimpers and whines. All resistance left him. All he had left was need.

She kept screaming.

And kept thrashing.

And kept bouncing, her slick pussy contracting around his cock and sliding up and down and up and down ...

Alrek teetered on the edge of climax. No matter how hard he tried—and all he wanted to do now was try—he couldn't quite come. He just kept drinking, his arousal only growing as Anna's first orgasm gave way to a second, then a third.

He went totally limp, whimpering, still unable to even stop suckling. He was her toy, and he knew she'd be playing with him for a while yet.

We're sure you will.