 Snatch opened his eyes.

Immediately, the thief sprang to his feet. He could hear Anna giggling from behind him, but he didn't make the mistake of looking this time. These nymphs and their slaves seemed to favor hypnosis, and if he'd learned anything from the loss of his druidess friend, it was that the best way to avoid hypnosis was to avoid eye contact. He favored a very sharp knife as the quickest way of accomplishing that, of course.

Knowing exactly what he needed, he locked eyes on his pack and started running. He would—

Just as he took his first step forward, something slick grabbed him by the ankle, causing him to fall flat on his face. He reached down and felt something thin and leafy. A vine.

"Shit!" he muttered. He could feel the oils of the plant sinking in. He could feel the tingling as the toxins started to take effect.

Anna's giggling was getting closer. He lunged, grabbing a nearby bush as the vine sought to pull him back. Luckily, this was the only vine that had grabbed him so far—likely the only one long enough to reach him—and it wasn't especially strong.

Nor was Snatch, of course. But he had a feeling that the slime that served so well for turning helpless maidens into nymphs' playthings would not serve quite as well for holding someone still. The backpack was just beyond. Giving a prayer to the dead god of thieves, he pulled at the bush with all his might.

It came up by the roots. But not before the slippery vine lost its grip, and he tumbled forward. With a triumphant shout, he snatched the pack up. Yes! He was—

Slender fingers wrapped around his ankle as a cruel giggle filled the clearing.

His strength chose that moment to give out. He was yanked back, and in his panic, he dropped the satchel. Another hand grabbed him by the shoulder and flipped him onto his back.

Anna smirked down at him. "I'm not finished with you yet."

He felt his cock instantly harden as he stared up at the nymph's blonde bimbo. For a moment, he wanted badly to give in. But only a moment. He snarled. "Oh, I think you are."

His hand lunged back before she could stop him, grabbing one of the items that had spilled on the ground. He shoved her off and leaped to his feet in a surge of adrenaline.

Anna moaned, reaching up to grab him again. Her fingers were slick with her own juices. She smiled alluringly at him.

He swayed. His cock stood erect, naked in the cold air and desperate to enter her warmth once more. Knowing it was now or never, he threw the vial down to shatter against her cheek.

Little shards of broken glass dug into her soft flesh, and she screamed in surprise and pain. The cuts, he knew, were superficial—they barely even marred her great beauty. The real damage was about to be done.

Shaking, he staggered back and watched as the vial's colorful contents spilled into her mouth. Her eyes widened.

"Careful swallowing," he said, reaching down and gathering up his backpack's contents. "The glass'll make it hurt even more if you ain't."

"Wha—" Anna spit out a bit of blood and glass. "Wha'd y'... do to... m... mm..."

She trailed off. Her eyes started to glaze over.

"Succubus juices." Snatch shrugged as he slung the satchel over his shoulder. "Proper-treated. You'll need a woman's touch, so I'm no use to you now. Damn the luck, right?"

"Oh no. N... oh... no!" Blood trailed out the corner of her mouth as her cry became a scream. She leaped to her feet and grabbed Snatch, shaking him desperately."Please! They'll—they'll take advantage!"

"I figure they will." Snatch nervously pushed her away. Her scent was still a bit overpowering.

"They'll—for hours! Days! Please-please-please!" Her fingers shoved deep into her womanhood as her pleas got higher-pitched.

Snatch turned away as her screams became shriller. Though he heard the sounds of her furiously pleasuring herself, he knew it would do no good. She would need the nymphs—and knowing their playful nature, he had a feeling Anna was going to have a very exciting week. Satisfying, no. Excruciating, yes. But definitely exciting.

Ooh, you can bet on it, he heard Lisura say.

< />So you passed the test, toy. Cicuta didn't sound concerned.

"So I did." Alrek approached the pool, taking out the magic blue stone that served as a purifier.

Heehee! I guess you'll be leaving now!

I guess he will, Esca. He heard Cicuta laugh. I guess our toy's visit here was short-lived indeed. What a shame.

Snatch scowled as he finished filling his waterskin. He stoppered it and turned away.

Behind him, Anna had leaped into the vines. Perhaps she was hoping that the absence of the slime vine would allow her to achieve something close to release, but as he picked up his scythe, he noticed the vine getting up and slowly snaking back. It appeared its incapacitation had been short-lived.

As he began making the long trek back to the path, he heard Anna give a scream. It was a scream that haunted his bruised conscience. A scream filled with nothing but lust... and despair.

~~~~

He was thirsty again.

Snatch sighed, getting out his waterskin and taking another swig. The forest was hotter than it had been earlier—he'd already gone through half his water supply.

At least he now had water, though. And he was pretty sure he was finally drawing near the path. He'd been walking for an hour or so by now. He frowned as he caught himself wiping sweat off his brow. The Evergreen Forest was not supposed to be sweltering. Why was it so hot?

Going somewhere?

He let out a yelp. The voice, within his head, was painfully familiar, and it simultaneously filled him with dread and excitement. "Get out of my head. I passed your little test. Your fucking 'modifications' didn't take."

So you did. And we nymphs are bound by our word.

"Damn right. I know how your kind works."

You do indeed. A worthy... 'adversary'.

"Damn more than worthy!" He rolled his eyes, taking another swig. "I beat you."

Ooh, did you, now?

"Don't play games with me, nymph." He took another swig.

He froze. He hesitated, then gave the waterskin a little shake. The muted sloshing confirmed it.

He was already two-thirds through the water supply.

Whoops! he heard Esca give a gleeful giggle. Guess you'll just have to come back!

"Dragonshit." Forcing himself to stop drinking, Snatch stowed the waterskin back in his pack. "What the fuck?"

Watch your language, fucktoy, Cicuta said. We'll be telling you whether or not to lick out our pussies. Swearing is our right. Toys don't get to swear.

He felt himself starting to get aroused again. "Shut it."

I'm not doing anything, fucktoy. Just using the adjustments. Ooh, you know, the ones that... didn't take.

"Stop!"

You like /i>being our fucktoy, don't you?

He didn't answer and just kept walking.

Don't you? You want to say yes.

He did.

Badly. It's ex-cru-ci-at-ing... Cicuta carefully enunciated each syllable, ...having to hold it in. You know it's true. You love being our little fucktoy.

"Stop saying that word!" He started walking faster.

If you don't, why did you empty the waterskin?

"I didn't—fuck." Snatch looked at the empty waterskin in his hand. Giving a cry of revulsion, he threw it away from him.

Too late! Esca gave an ecstatic giggle. It's alllll in you now. All those yummy-nummy nutrients of ours!

He started walking faster. "The—the stone—"

Aw, tsk, tsk. Lisura sounded sympathetic. Did we not know who made that stone?

Nymphs, Cicuta whispered. Nymphs like the ones who are going to fuck your tiny brains out.

He growled. Where was the path?

Just say it.

"Fuck you!" He clutched his head, trying to ignore his cock straining against his trousers. "Fuck you fuck you fuck you!"

Say you like being our fucktoy and I'll leave your head.

He got faster still, to the point that he was almost running. He screwed his eyes shut, struggling to block the voices out. It didn't work

Just admit it, Alrek! You want us. You need us. Her voice got husky. Oh, do you neeeeed us.

He tripped over something and fell to the ground. He gave a cry of pain as his knee scraped over a jagged stone.

Oh, my. That looks like it hurts. If only you'd admitted, you wouldn't have fallen. You should have been honest. If only you could admit how much you love us. Love Esca's sweet tongue, love my sweet voice...

He trembled—with rage or need, he wasn't sure—and clutched his bleeding knee. The voice was inescapable. It was everywhere. His cock was throbbing. He longed to fall down and masturbate, but to do that in the Evergreen was certain doom.

Say you like us making you scream, gasp, plead. Say you want to be ours again... and I'll leave you alone to your lust.

He whimpered. His mind rang with her words. Her words rang with truth. He couldn't resist it. He needed her voice out. He needed her voice out.

What was that, little fucktoy?

"I do," he whispered. "I like it."

Gooood.

Isn't that better, now? Lisura asked.

He did feel better, actually. His cock tingled pleasantly. "A little," he admitted. He immediately shut his mouth as he got to his feet.

Ooh, but he's out of water! Hee-hee!

He glared. "I'm very close to the—"

He froze.

"... path."

He stood right at the edge of the clearing. At the center, the three nymphs smiled seductively. Cicuta got to her feet, chuckling. "I'm not in your head now, toy. But oh, you so desperately want me to be."

He leaped away, screaming as he whipped out his scythe. "Get back!"

They had poisoned his water. Drugged him so his mind would play tricks. Now he had to make it to the ranger's cabin with no water, and who knew how much time had been wasted going in a circle? Just knowing he was near these green-haired temptresses made his legs tremble, desperate to buckle so he couldn't escape. But he had a better idea.

He turned and ran.

The nymphs laughed and did not try to chase him. Oddly, that was little comfort.

~~~~

There was no water, and Snatch's thirst was starting to consume every facet of his waking mind. The parts that weren't thinking about Esca, Cicuta and Lisura, anyways. The parts that weren't remembering how sweet life had been in Anna's loving arms.

Snatch stumbled through the thick undergrowth, groaning. He had to find the path. He couldn't let the nymphs get the better of him.

It had been two days since his escape. At least, he thought so. Since the first confrontation he'd accidentally wandered close to the clearing three times, though he had yet to actually enter it again. Dehydration was beginning to become a factor.

Cicuta had left his head, but Esca and Lisura hadn't. They kept up a constant stream of sexual thoughts, tempting him, trying to call him back. Fortunately, his will was not so weak. Snatch had made it out of druid ritual sites. He'd outwitted insane lust demons. Once, he'd helped save the whole kingdom from a plague of erotic ghouls. He would not be beaten by three tricky fey with some bad water.

He would find the path soon.

He wiped the sweat off his brow. He had to.

~~~~

It had been three days since his escape. The only water he'd gotten had been from a disturbingly fortunate leaf, filled with just enough fluid to keep him going. It had probably been from the pool, but what choice did he have? His mind had been too addled for him to care.

It was so hot. So warm. And he was so thirsty and tired and desperate. All Snatch wanted to do was lie down and go to sleep, but lowering his mental defenses was the last thing he needed.

Ooh! Please go to sleep!

Yes, do as Esca says, pet. We will fill your dreams with the naughtiest thoughts...

Oh, yes. Esca giggled. We'll make you scream and beg and...

Snatch gave a growl that subsided to a pant. He was too exhausted to waste breath on them now. He just had to keep going.

He realized he was approaching the clearing again and let out a frustrated curse.

~~~~

Three and a half days. Snatch was so hot... so tired...

Why couldn't he leave?

Because you don't want to, Lisura said.

"Dragonshit," he mumbled.

Realizing he'd again circled around, he turned and kept walking. The nymphs called taunts after him, and his cock pulsed with longing.

~~~

Four days. Snatch's mouth was ash. The clearing's tainted water was like a beautiful dream now. He no longer cared about the taint now—he just wanted to drink. His eyes were sore and red-rimmed. His feet felt like slabs of stone.

"Why... can't... leave?" he croaked.

'Cause you don't want to! Esca said happily. You want to come back and fu-u-uck and fuck and...

You would never want to leave us, Lisura cooed. Because you love us too much. Isn't that right?

He stared blankly ahead. Again, there was the clearing. He'd come closer this time—almost close enough to see the nymphs' green eyes glowing in the dark. If he stepped forward, he would be lost. They would make him drink the foul water. They would mount his tormented cock, suck it, fuck his brains away, turn him into a nice, submissive toy.

He hesitated, then turned and stumbled away.

~~~~

You were never going to leave us, were you?

So thirsty.

Hee! Why would you? We're so much fun!

So tired.

Silly boy.

He just wanted to rest, but he had to keep walking.

Licking our pussies forever and ever! Heehee!

He had to resist. The nymphs couldn't keep this up forever.

You're ours. You always were.

He looked ahead. There was something. Was it the path?

You never wanted to leave.

It was the clearing. He had entered the clearing without realizing it. The three nymphs looked at him, grinning. Cicuta's smirk was filled with glee and cruelty.

He opened his dry, crackling mouth.

"I never wanted to leave," he whimpered.

"Good toy." Cicuta walked forward, taking him by the hand and leading him like a child to the pool. "And you want me back in your head, don't you?"

"Yes... oh, please, yes..."

Goood toy. Her voice sank back into him like a hand into a glove. He shivered from the restored connection.

They slowly pushed him down. Lisura poured water from her hand into his mouth, and he lapped up every drop. Cicuta sat down upon him, pinning his cock beneath his trousers. I was never even in your head, stupid toy.

"Never... in my head..."

Nope. You just wanted me to be. Isn't that pathetic?

"Wanted... you..."

She began to rub her crotch back and forth over his, stimulating every nerve in his so-long-denied member. "You lose the second try, toy," she hissed. "One more failure and you're ours to keep."

He lay back on top of Esca, who began kissing his neck hungrily.

"And that makes you soooo happy, doesn't it?"

He whimpered, nodding slightly as her rubbing sped up.

"Do you like this?" The fabric ran roughly over his sensitive shaft.

"Y... yes... but please..."

"Please what?" She kept rubbing, smiling widely.

He tried to speak, but couldn't. Lisura was pouring more water into his mouth, and he couldn't help but drink up.

Yes, you'll keep your trousers, toy. Your punishment for running. Naughty little toys don't get to come.

His eyes widened.

What's wrong? Don't you like being able to keep your... ah.. .dignity?

She started bouncing in his lap.

Snatch started to shake and cry out. He tried to reach down to rip his trousers off, but he was so weak, Esca was able to easily pin them to her sides as she continued to kiss him.. "Please! No! Oh, please! Oh, please! Take 'em off! Take 'em...AUGH!"

Cicuta shoved his head under the pool's surface and kept dry-humping him, laughing manically.

Through the nymphs' wicked laughter, through the blinding lust and pathetic pleasure... Alrek was consumed with a feeling of gratitude. 

He knew that, whatever was planned for him next, none of his 'dignity' would survive.

 Goblin's Note: Sorry about the short chapter—the next one will be longer! And remember, goblins feed on the souls of tiny electronic golden stars, so don't forget to rate! ;D