 Lying in the soft grass of the Evergreen Forest and vomiting his guts out, Snatch cursed the day he'd decided to try and rustle Baron Galroge's prized flying mule herd. Who had he thought he was? He was a burglar. A spelunker. Sometimes even a pickpocket, but never anything like a Western Plains bandit.

He finished throwing up what little he'd infested of late—a disturbing amount of which appeared to be the famously indigestible nymph sex juices—and spat out the last bit of succubi's folly berry. Never again. Never. Again.

"You done, then?"

He got up and grabbed his satchel, scowling. If the speaker was an enemy, perhaps she'd be the vain sort of enemy who only attacked once their target had turned around and given a good startled "wuh-oh" look.

He honestly wasn't sure where his scythe was. Probably tossed into the bushes by one of his tormenters. There wasn't time to retrieve it now, so he grabbed one of the many knives in his bag and turned to face the source of the voice. He was naked, barely-armed, and his cock was still throbbing painfully, but his pride had certainly suffered far worse debacles. He tried to retake stock of his surroundings.

The clearing was, as always, beautiful. It was carpeted by bright green grass and a few pretty blue wildflowers, and a thick forest canopy above rendered the area a perpetual twilight. The pool was the only source of real light—a luminescent pool of mind-numbing water. It was the only aboveground water source for miles, by Snatch's reckoning.

Towards the back of the clearing was the great pile of vines that seemed to delight in denying their victims climax. They were currently torturing the human girl—Anna—and, of course, Lisura and Esca. Despite the slimy plant life thrusting in and out of every orifice it could reach, and despite their tormented, joyous moans, they were clearly unable to orgasm. So they would remain until removed from the toxic mass.

Right in front of Snatch stood a human woman. Well, 'stood' was a loose word there. To his disproportionate relief, she was quite conservatively dressed in gray trousers, a dun shirt, and a long brown cloak. The cloak's mushroom-shaped clasp identified her as a ranger—a Toxin Ranger, to be precise. Her red hair was cut to shoulder-length, and her eyes were steely gray.

The ranger's long cloak was unable to hide the strangest thing about this woman: The fact that she had no legs. Instead, she leaned on a pair of strange crutches. Each crutch had a giant eagle's talon at the base, clutching the ground firmly. It was some sort of magic, though nothing Snatch was familiar with.

The ranger had a blowgun pressed between her lips, though the dart had already been fired—the beautiful green-haired woman at Snatch's feet was proof of that. She leaned against a tree to take the blowgun out, and stuffed it into a cloak pocket. She raised an eyebrow, looking him over. "You're lucky they were so dumb with the succubi's folly, y'know."

"Right." Snatch reached down and picked up his trousers. Esca had practically ripped them in half when she'd torn them off him. "Blessed be."

"Serious." She lifted a crutch, and he watched as the eagle's claw actually shifted and clenched, sinking its talons into the ground before her. Aided by the enchanted crutches, she slowly made her way towards him. "Nymph juice stays in someone's system for years, y'know. Unidentified and untreated by something like druidic magic, it'd turn you into an eager carrier of its own special plague. I don't fancy y'was lookin' to start a, uh, sexidemic wherever it is you're goin'. The berries got you to get the stuff out before it could set in. Be grateful."

"Right." Snatch threw the trousers down in disgust.

"Here." The ranger reached back—with some difficulty—and tossed him a cloth bag. "Put those on an' be quick about it. We've gotta move."

He took out a new set of clothes and quickly put them on. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the ranger making her way towards the vines. "What's your name? I don't go nowhere without—"

"Without knowing my real name. Right. I heard."

Snatch blinked. "Wait, what?"

"Yeah, I been watching you. These nymphs have been a thorn in my side for a while, even by Evergreen's thorny standards. I couldn't take all three, but that nasty girl fingerin' you was thick enough to put her own pals in the vines. Kinda what I was hoping for."

Snatch pulled his new shirt over his head, eyes narrowing. "I was bait."

"An' right good bait, too. The nymphs love a challenge. Makes 'em feel... irresistible, I guess." The ranger stopped just out of reach of the grasping vines, glancing back towards Snatch. "Name's Yilra. Call me Yil, it's faster. Pardon my diction—I get a mite bit canty when I'm rushed."

"Wonderful." Snatch spotted his scythe lying right by the pool's edge and hurried toward it. The notched silver scythe was one of his oldest possessions, and it was one of the few things he was sincerely attached to.

"Careful," Yil called back. "They've got a nasty spell on that water. Make sure the scythe's dry."

Snatch stopped himself, inches from grabbing the weapon. To his embarrassment, he hadn't thought to check. He took out a cloth and confirmed that yes, the scythe's wooden handle had been soaked. He wasn't sure what effect just a few drops of the water would have over time, but he didn't want to risk it. He carefully lifted it with the cloth and strapped it to his back. "I know that, ranger."

"You ask my name and don't use it. Typical." Leaning her shoulder on one of the crutches, Yil drew out a small syringe. She now stood just two yards from the moaning Anna.

Snatch frowned at her. "Not that I much care, but you're gonna get trapped, too, if you go too close."

"Just gotta cure this one."

"Her?" Snatch scowled at Anna.

The blonde sex slave lay jerking in the vines, crying out as they pistoned in and out of both her sensitive orifices with merciless rhythm. She was struggling to reach her sex, no doubt to try to finger herself off, but the plant held her arms and legs spread so wide it looked almost painful. She whimpered loudly, seeing Yil. Snatch knew why. Thanks to the toxin he'd applied, only another woman could bring her the release she now craved.

"No time to argue," Yil snapped. "Wraiths'll be here in minutes. I promised them the nymphs if they let me extract the girl."

"You made a deal with the Wraiths?" Snatch took a step back. "And we're waiting here for a sex addict? We've got to get out of here!"

"Can't leave an innocent to get picked off." Yil finished checking the syringe's dosage. "Ranger's oath."

"I poisoned her earlier. She's incurable."

"I know you poisoned her, and it ain't incurable." Yil calmly hobbled over the vines. To Snatch's surprise, they did nothing to impede her. He realized only now that the vines' means of detecting creatures was probably linked to Cicuta's mental control. Or perhaps it was only able to sense living creatures touching the ground—some root thing or the like.

"Succubus musk—"

"Tears of a eunuch seer cures it. Obscure, but a good ranger's always prepared." Yilra's crutches slowly folded like kneeling chicken legs, allowing her to stoop down and grasp Anna by the wrist. Before the young victim could react—and Snatch noticed an excited look in her eye that indicated she did have some idea what she wanted to do with her would-be savior—Yil plunged the syringe into Anna's arm.

Anna's screams of lusty desire turned to screams of pain, and then horror. Yilra yanked the young girl up and, showing impressive arm muscles, tossed her clear of the plants. "Snatch!" she shouted. "Deal with the vines!"

He noticed that several still clung onto Anna's legs, and they began to pull her back. Growling, Snatch drew his knife. "Pain in the ass!"

He leaped forward, hacking at the tendrils until they withdrew. They seemed subdued, compared to the last time he'd sparred with them. Perhaps Cicuta's unconscious state really did make a difference.

He reached down and yanked the shuddering Anna to her feet by the shoulder. "Right. Everyone's fine. Let's go!" He waited, shifting his weight from side to side as Yilra slowly made her way back.

"Right. We can go now." Yilra eyed Anna skeptically. "You fit to walk?"

The naked young woman hugged her sides and said nothing.

"Great, 'cause we're all dead if we don't get going." Yil turned away. Her crutches bent, then sprang forward. "Let's move!"

~~~~

Cicuta's eyes slowly opened, revealing to her the verdant clearing she and her enslaved cousin and niece called home. The voluptuous green-haired nymph of the Evergreen blinked. "Ah. Shit."

She tried to get to her feet, but the dart in her neck had other ideas. She shuddered, her head pounding with the frenzy of a warrior's drum. Venom of a daddy long-legs: the one way to really take a nymph down. Also, extraordinarily hard to come by. Only Yilra, the local would-be warden of the Central Evergreen, could be to blame for this. "Oh, goddesses..." she muttered. "I hate rangers. Hatehatehatehate—"

The prisoner. As the thought occurred to her, Cicuta looked around—slowly, so as not to upset her head further. Her long green tresses swung right, then left.

Alrek—or "Snatch", as the thief liked to be called—had escaped. No doubt Anna had, too. Cicuta pouted.

The losses struck her hard. Anna had been a very, very special gift, and Cicuta and her nymph toys had really enjoyed playing with her. There would be hell to pay for this loss, no doubt. And it had taken her two weeks to break the boy. More toxins than she knew the names of, too. She giggled. I really better start writing those down. Not safe to use poisons like succubi's folly without knowing the antidote.

The green-haired temptress again tried to stand up, to no avail. That venom had really done a number on her.

"Lisura!" she called. "Esca!" Her nymph relatives may have been brainwashed sluts, but she was the one who'd brainwashed them. Trapped in the fey vines or not, surely an order from their mistress would be impossible to ignore.

She heard Esca giggle. "Cicuta?"

"Esca, darling!" Cicuta smirked. Esca was always easy to control. Great tongue, bouncy breasts, bouncy brain. "Be a dear and get over here, Esca. Quick as a bunny."

"Ooh! Oooh... uh, yeah, Cicky. In a, uh, moment."

Cicuta's eyes narrowed. "Did you just call me—" She stopped, forcing her tone back down. She would punish Esca later, of course, but Cicuta had learned long ago that a delicate touch worked best on her dimwitted niece.

That went double in Esca's current state, too—in hypnotic trance, and being double-penetrated by vines, she needed to be addressed at her own level. Cicuta made her tone bubbly and sweet. "Esca, my love, I need your help real bad. Some nasty spider's settled down and pwicked my poor wittle finger!"

There was a pause. "Wait, really? I thought we had a treaty with Llithy and Writhy."

Cicuta snorted, but kept the tone. "Those cuties know their place—it's not a literal spider, Esca. Look, I'm awfully stuck an' all."

"Uh... really?"

The slight increase in arousal in Esca's tone was not lost on Cicuta. Rolling her eyes, she let her voice turn silky. "Why, yes, dearest. I'm utterly helpless."

"Ooh..." Esca's voice came out as a gasp, as the two vines no doubt surged back inside her. "... really?"

"Oh, yes."

"Hee! Okay, I'll just, uh... I'll, um..." There was a long pause. When Esca started speaking again, her voice had gone quiet—almost too quiet for Cicuta to hear. "Ooh. Oh, Cicky, this is... ama-a-a-azin'. It's... oh, goddess..."

"Esca." Cicuta scowled. "Forget those mean old plants and help your darling Cicky out. My tongue's ten times as good as any vine."

"No... not vines..." Esca's voice was taking on a dreamy quality. "Vines gone, Cicky... vines allll gone..."

"You're not making sense, Esca." Cicuta was losing patience fast. She knew her cousin was a ditz, but that slutty body was hiding a pretty instinctually canny mind. Cicuta was clearly being toyed with. "Pull a vine out before you answer again. Ass or pussy, I don't care. Both at once are clearly too much for you to handle."

"Oh, no, Cicky... Cicky, they all gone now..." Esca's voice turned high-pitched. "It's all gone..."

Cicuta's blood ran cold. Her mind raced with fresh understanding. "Oh. Oh no. Not them. No, no, fuck no..."

"Ooh... so nice."

"Don't!" Cicuta shouted. "Esca, you brainless whore, resist it! We're nymphs, not mortal fucktoys!"

But it was no use. Cicuta had hypnotized her pet again and again, layering trigger upon trigger upon trigger, wearing away Esca's innate immunities, and Esca was no match for what she now faced.

And, Cicuta thought, her heart pounding, neither was Cicuta. The programming had severely taxed her own willpower, and now... She felt her pussy grow moist at just the thought of her helpless state.

"Nah, Cicky, it's so—oh, yes—so nice—oh gods oh yes Cicky I need it CickeeEEEEEE!" Esca's words gave way to wordless squeals. To Cicuta's horror, they seemed to be getting fainter and fainter. They had Esca now. Lisura was no doubt already done for.

Cicuta started to crawl. "No. No, please no. We have a deal." Voice raising, she repeated, "We have a deal, you gray bitches!"

She had to move faster. Faster! "You can't take me," she whispered. "I'm better! I'm better than that!" Hot tears were streaming down her cheeks now. "We had a deal!"

A giggle sounded in her ear. The sound made Cicuta's eyes roll back into her head with pleasure.

"Deal's gone now."

The Gray Wraiths had arrived.

~~~~ ~~~~

This concludes the First Act of Evergreen Forest. While editing, it's become obvious to me that there are basically three-or-so segments to this series. It's too late to split it up properly, but I can at least specify when a given segment is concluded.

This little chapter marks the end of the nymph arc. I hope you enjoyed! The next segment will concern the trio's travels through the Evergreen Forest, which begins to grow more and more hostile to the travelers...