 "You. Stole. My. Rope!" Alrek drew a dagger from his boot, eyes blazing. "Damn catgirls!" 

Anna blinked. She looked at Alrek, then at the strange cat-eared fey girl. 

The fey shrugged. "What? I didn"t know he was with you." She leaned in closer, giving a faint purr. Anna distinctly smelled catnip. "But not with you in that way, I hope. I want to have you allll to myself." She blushed, drawing away. "Um, that"s a joke. Ha-ha. Your hair smells nice. My name"s Nipper." 

Anna blinked. "Um..." 

For the first time in over a year, her mind was unclouded by feelings of lust. All thanks to the strange syringe Yilra had injected her with. Figures that would be the time she would meet a fey that didn"t seem to want to rape her. 

Alrek looked a bit confused, too. Or maybe that was just more anger. The thief seemed to be easily upset at things. "Look, I don"t give a flying pyramid of fossilized dragonshit bricks about what...creepy-ass thing I just walked in on." He shuddered. "This little bitch stole my rope, tossed me in quicksand, and made a joke about the sprites who damn near killed me on the way here!" 

"The lust sprites?" The fey girl giggled. "Oh, please. They wouldn"t harm a fly. And you seemed to be enjoying their—" 

"Shut up!" Alrek snarled. Anna was pretty sure that, on his list, the joke was actually the greatest offense in his mind. "The last time I ran into catgirls, I told Larya, damn it, the next time I run into another catgirl, it will be too fucking soon. Well, guess what? I was gods-damned right!" 

"Um..."Nipper"..." Anna looked at the catgirl in question. "Did you really steal this?" 

"Um, yes." The catgirl blinked innocently. "But for you! I mean, um, as a favor. Because you seemed nice. I"m not in love with you or anythi—am I still talking out loud?" 

"Stop it." Alrek started advancing on the fey with the knife. Startled, the catgirl started backing away. "Every time. Every time, with the same cutesy dragonshit! I hate your entire race! I like the lovecraftsmen better than you, that"s how shitty your race is!" 

"Alrek, would you calm down?" Anna snapped. "We have bigger issues than...what?" Alrek was staring at her, looking surprised. "What is it now?" 

"Uh, nothing." Alrek coughed. "Just that you"re...not as, uh..." 

"What? Not as braindead? I was a fucktoy for fifteen months, Alrek, but I"m free now. And thanks to that syringe Yilra injected me with—" Her eyes widened. "Yilra!" 

"What?" Alrek scowled. "What"s wrong with the ranger? And how did you get out, anyways?" 

"That"s just it!" Anna turned and started running. "She"s still down there!" 

~~~~ 

"Silly child," the spritelion cooed at Yilra. "You"re just a silly child, aren"t you?" 

Yilra lay back against the warm sand, giggling. She felt wonderful. She was wonderful. Everything was wonderful. 

She looked up, beholding the spritelion. Immersed up to her waist in sand, the fey resembled a gorgeous human woman with platinum-blond hair, large, cushion-like breasts, and an impossibly sleek figure. Her eyes shimmered every color of the rainbow, and Yilra found herself again mesmerized. 

The spritelion gave a little smug smile, understanding. ""Tis easy to get lost in my eyes, isn"t it?" 

"So...pretty..." 

"Yes, they are. You can"t stop looking at them, can you, little one?" 

"Mm..." 

"But something is not right. Is it, little one?" 

Yilra shivered. "Um..." 

"Oh, little one, you are still resisting." The voice grew husky, and Yilra felt moisture dribbling down her leg stumps. "Aren"t you?" 

"Y-yes." Yilra bit her lip. "Sorry," she added. 

"My poor pet. My poor, whimpering, crippled beauty." The eyes grew mischievous. "You know you can"t fight it. You can"t fight me." 

"Can"t...can" fight..." 

"No. Obedience alone can bring you pleasure." 

"Obedience...nn...nno." Yilra tried to blink. She needed to get away from the eyes. They...they were... 

"You are so strong." Yilra felt slender fingers crawling up to her waist. "But I see your weakness. Say it. Obedience." 

"Oh...oh..." Yilra whimpered as the fingers danced across her womanhood. "Nnno...not...not gay..." 

The spritelion laughed cruelly. "If you truly were not, I still would not care. Obedience." 

"Oh...oh...bedience." 

One of the spritelion"s little fingers snaked in and rubbed her clit, and Yilra shook like a leaf in the wind. "Good. Obedience brings you such pleasure, you see? But...you say you"re straight." 

Yilra fought to regain control as the fingers left her crotch. "I"m...na" a dyke..." 

Her bigotry was something that had always somewhat ashamed her. Of the ranger sects, the Toxin Rangers were the most...conservative. She"d thought, though, that she had moved on since their training. Apparently not. But now it gave her strength. "Not a fag," she repeated, growling. 

"Oh?" 

Just that one word. Oh. Yilra shivered again, recognizing a threat. The spritelion was about to do something. Something horrible. She braced herself, knowing that whatever it was, it would be near-unbearable. 

The spritelion cupped her own large breasts together and jiggled them, giggling. "Then I guess you don"t like this." 

Yilra"s gaze was instantly drawn from the spritelion"s eyes to her tits. A bit of drool formed at the corner of her mouth. "Nn...nnno..." 

"Oh, really?" The spritelion gave another cruel laugh. "Watch them closely." 

As if Yilra could look anywhere else. The spritelion began openly toying with her breasts, rubbing them against each other. "Watch. This arouses you." 

No, Yilra thought, eyes widening. 

The spritelion began swaying back and forth. Yilra swayed, too, keeping on eye level with the breasts. "You love my breasts. You need them. You worship them." 

No. Yilra started trembling. 

The spritelion moaned softly as she took one of her own nipples and tweaked it gently. "Mm...you shall decide to reach down and start rubbing your warm, sticky cunt with a single finger. Do not enter." 

Still swaying, Yilra found herself doing as instructed. 

"You love this." The spritelion started flicking her nipples, making them hard. "You"ve always loved women"s breasts, haven"t you?" 

Yilra felt her lips move. "Yes," she whispered. She had always given little looks in the changing rooms. She hadn"t ever let anyone catch her. She"d told herself it was just curiosity. But she had always been wet afterwards, hadn"t she? 

"Yes," she whispered again, and she realized her internal monologue had been spoken out loud. She whimpered, as her finger ran agonizingly slowly over her cunt. 

She watched the spritelion"s breasts bounce against each other. "You"re falling under their spell now. You can"t resist. My breasts have entranced you. You just love them so very much." 

"Yes," Yilra whimpered. 

"Would you like to suck them?" 

Yilra fought it now. She did. She was being manipulated. If she sucked, something terrible would happen. She knew it. 

"Would you?" the spritelion repeated, in that tone that brooked no objections. 

"Yes!" Yilra heard herself say. "Oh, yes, please!" 

Laughing, the spritelion wrapped both arms around Yil"s head and pulled her into her chest. Yilra started suckling like an infant. 

"Oh!" the spritelion gasped. "Oh, you"re good at...oh...mm...yes, yes...you"re mine now." 

Yilra kept sucking. She felt a strange liquid spilling into her mouth, and realized the spritelion was lactating. She moaned, sucking and licking all the more eagerly. 

"Mm...yes!" The spritelion"s voice was raising. "Oh, g-gods, you"re—you"re so good at th-th-thaaaaAAAH!" 

She felt the spritelion spasming, and realized her owner was cumming. She felt the fingers shoving into her own pussy, and moaned louder. 

"Yes! Oh, you stupid slut, yes! Don"t fucking ever stop!" 

The fingers increased their tempo, and Yilra sped up to match, hungrily slurping at both breasts, trying to get as much of the rich, creamy milk as possible. It was making her even wetter, and...oh, gods, she was so fucking horny! 

"You"re mine!" the spritelion cried. "Mine-mine-mine! Never selling you! Oh, gods, oh gods, oh gooooods I"ve never felt this—this—oh, fuck." 

The spritelion entered another screaming orgasm, and this time, Yilra joined her. 

Yilra lay against her mistress, suckling diligently at the spritelion"s massive breasts as the half-asleep spritelion stroked her hair fondly. Fingers were lazily sliding in and out of her cunt, but Yilra"s only thought was to keep pleasing her mistress. 

And this was how Alrek, Anna and Nipper found them. 

~~~~ 

"Never again!" Yilra snarled, grabbing her eagleclaw crutches and getting up. The legless ranger put one crutch ahead, the talon digging into the ground to allow for better purchase, and started walking quickly. 

"Hey, at least we got you out," Anna said. 

"She made me—and I—never, you hear me?" Yilra glared at Anna. "I"ve gone fifteen years in the order without a single fey getting the drop on me, and now...now..." 

"She was stroking your hair," Nipper remarked. "You must have been good." The catgirl was walking beside Anna, leaning against the young woman. Anna seemed rather unaffected by this blatant display of affection. 

"Maybe." Snatch (known as Alrek to some) finished wiping the handle of his scythe off and strapped it to his back. "I think I saw a fey girl or two running off when we showed up. I"m betting the sprites decided it was time to take their revenge." 

"How?" Yilra snapped. "By getting me to make her cum four times? Pretty sure she enjoyed—" She fell silent. 

"Hmmm?" Nipper giggled. "Sounds to me like the afterglow"s making our girl awful talkative." 

Yilra gestured at Nipper, eyes narrowed. "Who the fuck is this greenthumb, anyways?" 

"Greenthumb?" Nipper"s eyes blazed. "That"s incredibly racist and—" 

"You shouldn"t laugh at her, Nipper," Anna said. "She has the right to be upset at being raped." 

Nipper immediately switched gears, resting her head on Anna"s. "Of course, buttercup! You"re so right." Anna calmly leaned away, and Nipper blushed. 

"Anyways," Snatch said, glaring at Nipper, "the spritelion"s...exhausted now, thanks to Yilra"s...efforts." 

Yilra stumbled, but one of the crutch talons managed to grab a stone to prevent her falling. 

"I"m guessing the lust sprites will be eager to play after..." He coughed. "Point being, I don"t think we"ll be having any more trouble with her or the sprites for a while." 

~~~~ 

The eyes of Mermeleona the spritelion slowly fluttered open. 

Three beautiful women with pale skin, almond-shaped black eyes and long scarlet hair stared down at her. 

Mermeleona"s eyes widen. She felt very cold, and realized that, for the first time in years, her naked lower body was above-ground and exposed to the elements. Along with her constantly dripping cunt. Only without the sand to calm it down... 

She looked behind her. Three more lust sprites licked their lips. 

They were at the bottom of her pit. Even if she could walk, her own trap would keep her down. She looked around, trembling. The sprites giggled at her predicament. 

One of the sprites leaned in between her legs, breathing heavily upon her pussy. "You want fuck?" she whispered. 

The spritelion bit her lip. "No." 

She turned away, ignoring the incredibly stimulating feeling of the sprite"s breath on her clitoris, and faced another leaning towards her. They were so close that their lips touched slightly when the sprite spoke. "You want suck?" 

The spritelion recoiled. "No!" she cried. 

The sprites looked at her without pity. This wasn"t just a game for them. This was their most deadly predator stuck right where they wanted her. They grinned, leaning closer. 

The spritelion reached out, reflexively trying to push them away—and her hands settled on breasts. She gulped. She looked up at the sprite she was now fondling. 

The sprite giggled, leaning down. Mermeleona leaned back until the sprite was lying down right on her. Mermeleona shivered as the sprite"s hard nipples pressed against her lactating breasts. 

"You want pleasure," the sprite hissed. 

The spritelion looked up at the six impossibly beautiful women, as they crowded around her, just barely not touching her. 

"Yes," she whimpered. "Oh, please, yes." 

The sprites exchanged looks. They giggled. And they settled down for the feast. 

~~~~~~~~ 

Goblin"s Note: I"m betting I"m gonna regret making Yilra a cripple when people start thinking I have some bizarre legless fetish. Ah, well, the price we pay for our art. ;D 

And a new member of the team is introduced: Nipper, as the mortals call her, a hyperactive catgirl. We have catgirls in this world? Looks like! 

Coming Chapter Ten: The group finally reaches the lodge, and Anna"s drug has some surprising side effects. 

...then what? Once again, I need feedback! Any preferences on what the group should encounter next? :)