 Snatch had been having a very, very bad month.

One hour ago, he'd been captured and shamelessly teased by a gang of mischievous lust sprites from the Wild East.

Two weeks ago, he'd been captured, drugged, and relentlessly fucked for half a month by a trio of sex-crazed nymphs with fetishes for humiliation. 

Three weeks ago, he'd tried and failed to steal a baron's herd of prized flying mules. The response had really been a bit melodramatic—it wasn't as if flying mules actually flew. The wings were purely vestigial. Why would an entire barony want to hang him over a bunch of stubby-winged equines?

And four weeks ago...Larya.

Snatch—known as "Alrek" to those wishing to lose a few teeth—gritted his teeth. Of his large list of misfortunes, only the fourth compared to his present predicament.

"Okay, so, I was thinking." The source of his current misery was skipping down the path, smiling like she was in heaven. Of course she was. A catgirl with a new toy was harder to depress than a man in an Aura Bloom. "So, like, that shot Yilra gave you makes you unable to feel any lust at all, right?"

Nipper, a cute girl with dark hair done up in a ponytail, green eyes, and fuzzy black cat ears, leaned against the object of her inquiries as she spoke. Said object, a nubile, barely-clad blonde, leaned away slightly. "That's right. She did it so the spritelion wouldn't be able to hypnotize me."

"Uh-huh. Uh-huh." The catgirl's mind was clearly running over this with all the efficiency of one half of a cuckoo clock. More than almost any other fey, catgirls were renowned for their short attention spans. "So, uh, you're probably not interested in tonguing anyone." Her eyes widend. "I mean, in having a relationship with anyone. A committed, long-term sort of deal based on mutual respect and—" She cut off. "Uh, not that I'm interested! Not that I'm not! You're really pretty and—and—"

Anna raised an eyebrow as Nipper floundered. The young woman—who had just escaped a fifteen-month period of sexual enslavement under the same nymphs that had captured Snatch—was clearly enjoying her newfound self-control.

Snatch edged over to the fourth member of the group. "Yilra," he muttered, "when're you gonna tell Anna what that poison actually does?"

Yilra, a legless, conservatively-dressed Toxin Ranger, gave a feeble shrug as her enchanted crutches kept her moving. "She's got at least an hour or so."

"And after that?"

She rolled her eyes. "After that, we're at the shack, you can resupply—paying a fifty-percent tax on everything you buy in exchange for me saving you from being a nymphs' living dildo for the rest of your days—the two of you leave, and, most importantly, I carefully repress my memories of being forced to recognize my latent homosexuality so I never have to think about any of this ever again."

Snatch blinked. In the background, he heard Nipper saying, "Did I say lick? I meant luck. I'd really like to luck you out sometime. It's a fey saying. It means, um, 'to bestow good forepl—fortune upon'."

After a pause, he cleared his throat. "Well, I s'pose I can respect that. I wish I could forget half the shit I've been through. Especially this shit with a catgirl."

"Seriously?" Yilra looked at him sharply. "Of all the dragonshit you've been through, the thing that pisses you off the most is Nipper? Okay, I get it, you hate fey. I hate fey. But she seems pretty harmless."

"Bad associations."

"Yeah? What did the last catgirl you knew do that was so horrible?"

Snatch thought back to four weeks ago. His jaw clenched at the memory. She broke my friend's heart.

But, of course, he didn't say that. Firstly, because he was far too mistrustful to show weakness before anyone.

Secondly, because they'd arrived at the ranger's lodge. And it wasn't there.

~~~~

The cabin had been leveled to the ground. Yilra looked over the wreckage, pursing her lips. Entire walls lay flat on their sides. Broken glass lay everywhere from shattered windows.

Long coiling vines lay sprawling about the place, covered in massive buds. These were what had destroyed the lodge, Yilra knew.

And lying amid the vines were slender, honey-skinned women. They all had long flowing tresses of electric blue hair, no clothes, and were all fast asleep.

"Glory dryads," she muttered. She lifted a talon crutch to step over one of the nude beauties. "Don't worry, all. They're harmless right now."

"How can you be so sure?" Snatch snapped. The thief was shifting from side to side, his scythe drawn and at the ready.

"Glory dryads are only awake at certain times of the day," Yilra said. She reached down and gathered up a few mostly-full waterskins. "Oh, good. They only drank a little. Yeah, glory dryads are nice as anything most of the time. They were my neighbors for a while. Sometimes even helped out when the more aggressive fey tried to make trouble." She bit her lip. "I guess without me around they couldn't resist the opportunity. Glory dryads love 'exploring'."

Nipper tiptoed among the dryads, looking at the scene with wide-eyed curiosity. "I've never seen a glory dryad before!" The catgirl bent over, poking one of the dryads in the chest. "They're smaller than most dryads."

"Trust me, they get bigger." Yilra looked around. "Where's my...ah!" She saw her spare medicine bag lying a short ways off.

"Uh, Yil..." Yilra glanced back to see Anna looking nervous. "Are you sure that's such a good idea?"

The bag lay in the middle of a circle of six sleeping dryads.

Yilra was already moving. "I told you," she said, leaning over and picking the bag off the ground, "they're only awake for certain times of the day. Laziest sluts in the wood otherwise.

She carefully picked her way back out of the circle. The Toxin Druid glanced back.

One of the dryads was looking up at her, smirking. The 'lazy slut' pouted and blew her a kiss.

"Um." Yilra felt her cheeks heating up. "We should get moving."

~~~~

The group departed. And though they didn't know it, they were being watched.

High up in the treetops, the slave blinked gleaming, glazed eyes. He observed the band's departure, breathing heavily. His constantly fey-addled state made his vision a bit hazy, but there was one thing he couldn't mistake:

New toys for his mistresses.

Careful to avoid the glory dryads' attentions, desirable as they would be at any other time, the slave leaped to another branch, climbed to the ground, and scampered off. He had work to do.

~~~~

"I'm telling you, it doesn't make any fucking sense."

"Who cares?" Anna groaned. "Really, Alrek, who gives a dragonshit about some flowers?"

"Look, I spent a long time wandering in this forsaken forest, alright?" Snatch scowled. "I didn't see any water, any fruit, and definitely no gods-damned flowers."

The path had cut through a massive flower-filled meadow. Lit dimly by sunlight filtering through the canopy, the flowers came in every color—even a few that didn't seem strictly normal. Nipper beamed and plucked a bright pink-and-blue rose from a bush. "Well, I like them."

She tucked it into Anna's hair. Anna didn't seem to notice, but that was alright. Nipper started finding more flowers, tucking them into Anna's hair as she spoke. Surely she'd notice eventually. "A few flowers never did anyone any harm, is what I always say! Like Anna, you'd never hurt anyone, would you!"

Oh, gods, why did I say that? She's gonna realize you're in love with her. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Have to think of a way out. "Um, I mean, because people are kind of like flowers. Yeah. Especially the beautiful ones. Um, beautiful flowers, that is." Okay, now just distract them. "Ooh, another flower!"

Blushing beet red, Nipper turned back to her task. At least she'd been able to cover her small slip-up. She quickly tucked a violet into Anna's hair. Anna now had over a half-dozen flowers in her hair, and she still hadn't noticed. Weird.

Yilra suddenly stopped walking and went stiff. "Hold."

Nipper grabbed Anna's hand, then realized what Yilra had meant and stopped walking. She blinked, looking about with wide eyes. Wait, I hear...

"Hear that?" The ranger looked around, eyes narrowing.

"Yep." Snatch gripped his scythe tightly. "Someone's coming. Everyone get your weapons out."

Yilra drew her dartgun. Anna and Nipper didn't have any weapons, so Nipper just held Anna's hand tighter.

A moment later, a man emerged from the foliage off the path. He was dressed in rags, with short black hair and grim, dark eyes. Nipper supposed he would be considered handsome, if a bit unkempt.

He stopped, seeing the armed band. "Oh, thank goodness. Humans at last."

Neither Yilra nor Snatch lowered their weapons, so Nipper leaned against Anna. Something smelled odd.

"Who are you?" Yilra asked. "What are you doing off the path?"

Nipper frowned. She sniffed Anna's hair—no, that wasn't it. She sniffed it again, just to be sure. It smelled nice.

"My name is Lisso." The man scratched his arm, looking uncomfortable. "I just got away from a bunch of...women."

"Women, huh?"

"Well...they called themselves, um...'hungry hornies'." The man looked very...Nipper tried to remember the word. Ashamed? Yes, that was it! Nipper nuzzled Anna's hair, happy that she'd both been able to expand her vocabulary and that Anna seemed alright with her smelling her hair some more. "And they, um...they did have horns..."

"Uh-huh." Yilra raised an eyebrow. "Let me guess; you're a married man?"

Lisso laughed nervously. "I guess you could say that. Is it so obvious?"

"I don't often meet the man who wants to 'get away' from the lust sprites." Yilra gestured to Snatch. "With a couple exceptions."

Snatch glared.

Nipper frowned, stopping mid-nuzzle. Wait, what was I trying to work out, again?

"Yeah, well..." Lisso laughed again. "Can't let the missuses—uh, missus, down, can I? Anyway, I'm on my way to the ranger's cabin. This is the right way, right? I didn't get turned around?"

"Sort of," Snatch said. "This is the way you'll get to the cabin, but unless you wanna fuck some glorybitches, you're out of luck. Hamadryads overran the place just today."

Nipper couldn't remember for the life of her. She sucked in a deep breath of annoyance—and another, remembering. Right. She just wanted to smell nice hair.

"Really? Damn!" Lisso grimaced. "I just need to get home, then. You lot mind if we stick together? Safety in numbers, and all that?"

Snatch's jaw set. "Well, actually..."

"Not at all," Yilra cut in. "The name's Yilra, Toxin Ranger. Pleased to be of assistance."

Lisso looked over Yilra's legs—or lack thereof—then nodded. "Wonderful. Let's get moving, shall we?"

Anna started walking again, and Nipper found herself without a headrest or hair to sniff. She let out a little mewl of disappointment.

And she still hadn't worked out what the damn smell was!

~~~~

Anna shifted uncomfortably as she walked.

Why do I feel so itchy? she wondered, for the hundredth time that hour.

Of course, she wasn't saying anything about it. Nipper had somehow caught on anyways, and was using her surprisingly sharp nails to help scratch discretely. Anna appreciated that.

Really, she was finding herself much more able to appreciate Nipper in general. The catgirl's dark ears were really kind of cute, accentuating her pretty face perfectly. And thanks to Nipper's frequent 'accidental' collisions, she was getting a pretty good idea of the robed fey's figure, and it did not disappoint. She might not have been as busty as the nymphs, but she certainly had...

Anna shook her head, trying to clear her mind of such thoughts. Thanks to Yil's intervention, she was finally done ceding control of her body to her vagina. She wasn't sure if she'd ever be able to feel anything down there again, but that didn't exactly bother her right now.

She scratched her arm surreptitiously. The area really was pretty nice, though she understood Snatch's concern. Most flowers weren't prone to growing like this in perpetual twilights.

She noticed Nipper had stopped scratching, and shot her a desperate look. Nipper was gazing off into space, sniffing the air. The catgirl looked confused.

Noticing Anna's look, Nipper's eyes widened, and she started scratching Anna's back again. Anna's eyes rolled into the back of her skull. That scratching was heaven. Though she was starting to notice most of the itching was centered a bit...further down.

On her ass. Where Yilra's poison dart had hit.

Hm.

"Sorry," Nipper mumbled, snapping Anna out of her thoughts. "There's just...there's some weird smell around that Lisso guy. At first I thought it was just off the meadow, but it's..." She trailed off.

Anna glanced back. Nipper's ears had gone flat, and her eyes had narrowed to slits.

"What?"

"Those." Nipper raised a finger to point at a bright pink flower growing on what looked like some sort of little palm tree.

Anna looked at it, pausing a moment in her scratching to remember. "Orchids?"

"That smell. It's...kind of like vanilla. It's on those flowers, but it's really on him."

Anna frowned. "What does that mean?"

For once, Nipper didn't respond. Her ears were still flat as she leaned over to Yilra and whispered something. Immediately, the ranger went tense as well.

Anna glanced back. Lisso was hanging back behind the others. He had a big smile on his face, and seemed to be eagerly smelling the same flowers that had put Nipper on edge.

FFFT

A small dart lodged in the man's neck. He blinked. "...whabble?"

The man fell to the ground. Anna spun, seeing Yil lowering her blowgun. "Yil! What?"

Yilra was already hurrying over to Lisso's prone form, reloading the gun with one hand. Nipper followed, looking mildly curious now.

Snatch came to stand behind Anna. They watched bemusedly as Lisso slowly returned to consciousness. The man looked up at Yilra and Nipper. He seemed bewildered. "What...what'd you do?"

"Orchid dryad breath."

"I-is that some sort of ranger curseword, because I don't—"

"You inhaled it. Orchid dryads captured you, and probably filled you with the stuff like a hot air balloon. Damn parasites, the lot of them."

Lisso frowned, sitting up. "I...I remember something." His eyes widened. "Beautiful women...they had the nicest mouths...I-I mean, nicest breath. Like..."

"Vanilla?" Nipper offered helpfully.

He looked up at her. "Yes! Just like vanilla! And...it got harder to resist the more I breathed in..." He blinked. "I was worshiping them. I was...I was going to lead you to them!"

"Yeah, you were a real manwhore," Snatch said, walking over. Anna followed, rolling her eyes.

"So this path isn't safe anymore," Yilra said.

"N-no." Lisso slowly climbed to his feet. "The flower dryads...they're all overrunning it. Even a full Cadre of rangers would have trouble getting through here now."

"Damn."

Lisso's eyes widened. "B-but I remember a way! The lust sprites I mentioned, they were over by a meadow. We could cut around through there. I'm sure they wouldn't go after a group this big, and if it's their territory..."

Yilra and Snatch exchanged a look. "Are you sure you can take us there?" Yilra asked, looking doubtful. "Your mind wasn't exactly intact."

"Trust me," Lisso said, biting his lip, "I could not have imagined those lust sprites."

~~~~

Snatch glared.

He was really starting to hate flowers.

"So, ranger," he said. "You're the best expert we've got on these orchid dryads, right? I mean, aside from their former pet here." He gestured to Lisso, who just avoided eye contact.

"I guess." Yilra shrugged. "I don't know a ton, though. Like all dryads, they have a lot of the properties of their plants. Soporific breath's the main thing—like how fragrant orchids are, except instead of corpse smell it's...vanilla, sounds like.

"They're also not motivated the same way as other fey," Nipper remarked.

"How's that?" Snatch turned to the catgirl, raising an eyebrow. Does the annoying one actually have something useful to offer? He fingered his scythe's blade. He'd strapped it to his back, since this part of the forest didn't have quite the same illogical number of flowers.

"Well, they're still very...sexual. Like Lisso saw. But...it's more of an, uh..."

Yilra frowned. "Nipper, what do you know of them?"

But Nipper wasn't paying attention. She appeared to be preoccupied with Anna. Anna looked oddly...vacant.

Snatch exchanged a look with Yilra. Told you.

"Hmph." Yilra grimaced. "Anyway, doesn't matter. It's like I said. Damn parasites, the lot of 'em."

"Actually," Lisso remarked, looking up, "orchids aren't parasites. Technically speaking. A few of them are parasitic against fungi, but the majority of them are quite harmless to the plants they grow on."

"Really." Yilra raised an eyebrow. "And they told you this before or after making you their doll?"

Snatch frowned. He'd just noticed something strange about the flowers.

"During."

The thief's eyes widened. He whirled to face Yilra. "Yil, there are orchids everywhe—"

The forest went pitch black.

~~~~

Anna whirled around. Everything was a blur—though since 'everything' was darkness, that wasn't saying much.

"Nipper?" she whispered. "Yil? Alrek?"

"I'm here!" she heard Alrek shout. He sounded far off. "Some spell—getting clear—be back for you!"

"Alrek, wait!" she cried. But her voice came out smaller than she meant it, and higher-pitched. "Alrek!" she tried, again, to no more effect than a hoarse murmur.

Suddenly, she felt very dizzy. And the itching was starting to travel down from her posterior to...

"Uh-oh," she whimpered.

She leaned against a tree trunk, quivering. What's happening to me?

Out of nowhere, she felt a finger delicately caress between her legs. She keened softly at the sensation—more intense than ever before. No! she thought, even as she tried to remember why she wasn't asking for more. Gotta resist! Gotta...

She found she was leaning into the touch.

"I hope I get to pay the ranger back for 'curing' me," Lisso hissed in her ear. She moaned as he ran his finger over her moist slit. "I'll miss the high, but it's nothing their reward for capturing such..." The finger ran back up, eliciting another moan. "...fine new pets won't make up for. In time you'll serve alongside me. Or under me, I hope."

His laughter tickled her ear. She felt his tongue run down her neck, but then his hand pulled away from her nether regions.

"P-please..." she whined, unable to stop herself.

He only laughed again. And then he was gone.

For ten seconds, Anna was alone in the darkness, shaking uncontrollably from the burning need growing within her.

Then She came.

~~~~

Yilra looked up blearily.

The darkness was beginning to fade, enough that she could see she'd become entangled in a thistle patch. She groaned, registering the pain.

Something had grabbed her right after the lights went out. She'd lost one of her crutches—and the magic wouldn't work with just one, so it was basically worthless until she found the other.

The forest around was dark, but her keen eyes could make out that she was in a very small clearing. The flowers around were numerous, but mostly random wildflowers—no orchids in sight.

She managed to sit herself up, leaning against the trunk of what appeared to be a redbud. She couldn't see or hear any sign of the others. The only thing she could see, in fact, was a small ring of mushrooms at the center of the small clearing.

I almost fell in a fairy ring, she reflected. Guess it's my lucky day.
