 Snatch was running.

Unfortunately, he could not run very fast.

The entire forest had gone black. Some sort of fey magic was at work here, and Snatch had no intention of staying around to find out what. He had to get out of the darkness. Had to get his bearings.

"...ipper?" he heard Anna call. "Alrek?"

"I'm here!" he shouted back. He felt branches scratching and tearing at his face, and raised his hands to shield his eyes. "There's some spell! I'm just getting clear, but I'll be back for you!"

Despite all his distaste for the three women he'd ended up traveling with (or, more precisely, the fact that he'd been traveling with anyone at all) he knew he couldn't just abandon them. No, he would be back. As soon as he—

WHUMP.

Snatch looked up blearily. It took him a moment to register what had happened—his foot had caught on a plant and he'd tripped and hit his head.

He started getting to his feet, but he realized he'd become entangled in the mass of tendril-like wildflowers. Eyes bulging, he whipped out his dagger and started hacking at the plants.

I. Hate. Flowers.

Snarling, he cut through a long length of a somewhat sticky vine. His legs finally free, the thief got to his feet.

The darkness was starting to fade. He squinted, eyes rapidly adjusting to the gloom. Catacombs and sewers were a bit of a specialty of his, so his vision in the dark was much better than that of most.

He was in a small clearing. The trees all around were small and extremely densely-packed. Indeed, it was a wonder he'd been able to make it this far without hitting anything.

Wait. There's no such thing as luck. Snatch spun, eyes widening.

The way he had come was equally densely-packed.

He was trapped.

He felt the flowers tugging at his feet again. Looking down confirmed his worst fears: All orchids.

Glaring, he started cutting into the innocuous flowers. They had a pleasant smell to them, and if there was anything he mistrusted, it was things that were nice. At least they didn't smell like vanilla. Not only would that be an ominous sign—that was apparently the smell to watch out for around here—it would be annoying. He hated vanilla.

So occupied was the thief with hacking into the plants, he gave a start when he heard a musical laugh from directly behind him.

Just once, he thought idly, be refreshing to meet a fey who laughs like a donkey.

He turned, raising his knife. The fey had chosen nightfall to enact their attack, so even without the magic it was nearly impossible to see. Luckily, Snatch embodied that 'nearly'. He could see his foe clearly, though that was small comfort.

She was beautiful, of course. Vivid red hair down slightly below her shoulders, gleaming green eyes, slightly pointed ears, and a petite, soft-looking frame. Especially notable were her lips, which were ridiculously plump and luscious—almost to the point where she would logically have difficulty speaking. She licked them as she looked him over.

Actually, the strangest thing about her was that she was somewhat clothed. The fey woman wore a tight-fitting green corset that seemed solely designed to prop up her immense breasts for easy examination. An obscenely small skirt—almost as bad as those worn by the women in the Kingdom of the Chosen—decorated her waist, only barely concealing what lay beneath.

"Hi," she breathed. As she spoke, a faint lavender vapor seemed to pour out from her open mouth.

Snatch grimaced, taking a step back. "Get the fuck away from me, tree whore."

"Oh." She winked. "I'm a flower whore, you silly boy." She took a step closer.

"I said," Snatch growled, "get the fuck away!" He threw the knife.

The knife whirled through the air. With lightning speed, the orchid dryad swayed to the side. The knife flew past and sank into a tree behind her with a thunk.

She wagged a finger at him. "Oh, are we naughty? Do we need to have our toys taken away?"

Snatch whipped out his scythe. "What is it with you fey and treating us like children?"

"You're what, in your early twenties?" The orchid dryad smirked. "I'm in my early hundreds. You are children to us."

He raised an eyebrow, starting to circle around the fey woman. "Doesn't that make you wanting to fuck us look a mite bit disturbing?"

She giggled. "Oh, you're a feisty one. Fun!"

She lunged.

Caught off-guard, Snatch leaped to the side. He swung his scythe at her outstretched arms, roaring.

The blade bounced off her flesh with a soft ping! He blinked.

The dryad paused, looking at him with amused contempt. "Metal? On a dryad? Don't you know anyth—ow!"

He had just bashed her in the face with the scythe's wooden shaft. She stumbled back, stunned. "Did you j—"

He rushed her, bringing the scythe down to club her over the back. She fell to the ground.

The dryad moaned in pain, rolling over to face him. He prepared to bring the scythe down again, but a glow in her eyes gave him pause.

He sprang to the side as a gust of lavender air blew out from her mouth. She leaped to her feet, laughing. "You're cute! It's been a long time since someone's had the balls to try that." She turned to face him, fists clenching and unclenching. "All dryads ward themselves against metal—to guard from woodsmen and harvesters, you understand—but I don't think we ever thought to ward ourselves against wood. Nice touch! Ironic, too."

Her hands started to twist and grow, forming long, sharp claws. She shot him a mischievous look. "Be pretty crazy if I just killed you now, wouldn't it?"

She lunged again.

Snatch jumped out of reach, only to find the trees at his back. The dryad turned, eyes gleaming as her mouth began to produce the lavender mist again. "Nowhere to run."

She let loose another blast of the intoxicant.

Fortunately, small spaces were Snatch's element. Chuckling grimly, he dove for the ground, rolling clear of the bad air entirely and—

Oof!

His roll was arrested as a vine wrapped around his neck and outright yanked him back. Eyes widening, the thief was pulled back onto the ground.

Immediately, the flowers began covering him. Snarling, he dropped the scythe, grabbed his knife, and started cutting them away once more.

"Oh, my." Noticing the dryad sauntering over to stand in front of him, he hurried his efforts. As another mass of plants was cut through, he wrested his other arm free.

The dryad started walking towards him. "What has my pet gotten wrapped up in now, I wonder?"

Snatch growled under his breath, cutting even quicker. Freeing his neck and torso, he sat up.

And he saw that the orchid dryad was straddling his flower-covered legs. Her voice lowered to a husky murmur as she examined various plants binding him. "Some cordigera, some orientalis..." Every plant name she spoke was enunciated in the slowest, dirtiest way anyone could possibly say scientific terms. "...some bergonii...mm, neg-lect-a..."

She leaned forward, forcing the thief to the ground beneath her. She lay atop him, plush lips just barely brushing against his. Lavender vapor positively drooled from her mouth as she spoke, settling around his mouth and nostrils. She winked. "And I think you've gotten entangled in Crypta, too, big boy."

He said nothing. He couldn't breathe. If he breathed, he'd inhale the gas. If he inhaled the gas...who knew what would happen? He didn't want to find out.

"Oooooh," she cooed. "Are we reluctant?" She gave his closed mouth a peck.

He didn't react.

"Do we need encouragement?" She smiled, giving his cheek a long lick. He blinked, startled. Her tongue was surprisingly long and rough.

He squirmed, and she rested one hand on the back of his head to hold him still. "Or maybe we wants to know what type of orchid I am." She giggled. "Does we? Is that what we wants, pet?"

He tried to give a growl, but with his mouth shut, it came out as more like a moan.

"I'm a tongue orchid," the dryad whispered, pressing his head against hers and opening her mouth.

Instantly, his cock went rock-hard. This wasn't any ordinary kiss. Her lips felt incredible. They were practically devouring his entire face. He felt her long tongue running up and down along his own lips, coating them in her saliva.

Then, suddenly, it was in his mouth.

Vanilla.

His eyes widened. She was in his mouth. Her tongue felt almost like a tentacle as the dryad seized him in a dazzlingly passionate kiss. If he hadn't already been lying down, he'd have swooned. As-was, he went limp.

He heard her chuckle as she kept kissing him, her tongue wrestling with—no, tackling his own, her lips smacking against his as if she was eating a particularly satisfying meal.

And he felt something. Something new.

He felt...tired.

Slowly, Crypta lay him down against the flowerbed. He smiled vacantly. How had he never noticed how comfortable this could be?

He smiled, too, as Crypta went down and started pulling off his trousers. She looked at him and gave a little giggle for some reason, and he beamed. It was so nice to make Crypta happy. How had he never noticed how beautiful she was?

The knife fell from his open hand. Why had he been trying to fight her? It was a good thing she'd stopped him—he might have hurt her by mistake!

He noticed his eyes slowly closing as she sat down upon him, pulling up her skirt,, long, slender legs wrapping around his ass...as her wet pussy wrapped around his hard cock.

He could only gasp and smile dumbly as she started bouncing in his lap, her vagina making rude schlopping noises as it ran along his shaft. He was starting to feel oddly...

He giggled. Tingly!

"There's a good boy," Crypta cooed. As she bounced and gyrated her hips, she lowered down to take him in another incredible kiss. More of that wonderful purple cloud floated into his nose and mouth, and he eagerly sucked it up just as it felt like Crypta was eagerly sucking him up.

She exited the kiss. He beamed up at her, and she beamed back at him. "So much easier now, isn't it?"

"Uh-huuuuh..."

"Oh, yes. What a good boy you are." She waggled a finger. "You know, some mean fey would want to take advantage of poor, stupid, confused humans like you."

He blinked, eyes widening. Take advantage?

"But I won't!" she sang. Of course not. Crypta was perfect. She would never take advantage of him! She started bouncing faster. "Oh, oh, no, I'm going to make you so happy! So-so-so happy! Oh, yes!" Her pitch was getting shriller. "So happy!"

Snatch, too, was starting to feel the effects. He gave a loud moan as he felt the schlapping get faster and faster. He was so very, very...

"very happy," he whimpered.

"Ooh, oooh, yeah!" She grinned at him, even in the obvious throws of ecstasy. "You stupid mortals need us to—oh, oh, oh, to make you feel like this! And I wanna! I wanna make you feel like this! Make you all feel like this!"

Snatch giggled. Crypa was so nice!

Then his eyes widened. Even though he couldn't muster any energy, he found his hips were bucking all by themselves! And—oh, gods, it felt so—so—he was gonna—

Both of them started screaming as they came to equally catastrophic orgasms. It felt like it went on for hours—wave after wave of mindblowing pleasure coursing through his cock. Moaning desperately, Crypta seized him in another world-shattering kiss, filling him with more and more and more of the wonderful purple vanilla.

Halfway through, Snatch fell asleep. And in his dreams, the pleasure continued. He'd already been so tired, Crypta didn't even notice the difference.

Snatch loved flowers.

~~~~

Nipper was running. She was running as fast as possible, and catgirls could run very fast. Her dark ears were flat against her dark hair in a rare expression of terror. "Anna!" she cried. "Anna, slow down!"

But Anna didn't slow down. And Nipper didn't dare let go of her love's hand, for this was a darkness not even her gleaming olive-green eyes could pierce. All she could do was struggle to keep up.

Amazingly, though, Anna seemed to be running even faster than Nipper. It wasn't long before Anna slipped away, and with her went any semblance of sense in Nipper's oft-disoriented world.

The fey girl went tumbling, her dark robes catching on branches and tearing, ripping, until they got caught on something and were yanked all the way off.

She at last came to a halt. She looked around, frowning. The place she'd landed felt and smelled like a flower bed. The light was starting to return...

Noticing a few little tendrils starting to wrap around her hand, Nipper's ears raised. She gave a shrill hiss, showing her other main nonhuman quality: her sharp fangs. The plants quickly receded. She smirked. Fey and their pets generally tried to leave other fey alone, just on principle.

She slowly got to her feet. She could see now she'd come to a small clearing.

She could also immediately tell she was in a confined space.

Her heart plummeted. "Oh, no. No." She fell back on her rear and hugged her legs. "No, no, no...can't be here, can't be—"

"Nipper?"

Her heart leaped. The naked catgirl leaped back to her feet and turned around. "Anna!"

And indeed, it was Anna. Only...different. First, she smelled strange. There was an odd smell hanging about her—like some sort of chemical.

Second, her clothes were gone, too.

Third, she was masturbating right in front of Nipper.

Nipper swallowed. She knew her cheeks had gone bright red. "Um, Anna..."

"Hi," Anna breathed. She slowly advanced, fingers running in and out of her visibly dripping cunt. "Hi, pussycat."

Nipper swallowed again. "Hi, Anna. Um, are you okay?"

"Oh, yessss." Anna kept advancing, and kept masturbating.

"Um...what's wrong with your voice?"

"Oh, I just...mm, I've just gotta..." Anna pulled one of her hands out of her vagina and raised it up to Nipper's head. Nipper shivered as Anna traced one slick finger over her little nose, leaving a thin trail of strong-smelling...juices. Anna circled around the catgirl, trailing across her cheek and lowering the finger. "Just gotta...mm."

"Um, Anna." Nipper cleared her throat, not daring to turn around. "I think you're...you're, um, confused. Oh!" Nipper jumped. Anna had just given her ass a pinch. "I, um, you really seem different."

"Oh, I just..." Nipper felt Anna's steamy breath on her neck as the young woman rested her chin on Nipper's shoulder—not unlike what Nipper had been doing earlier, but with a decidedly more intimate connotation. Nipper realized her legs were starting to quake. "...I just never realized how goddamn hot you are, Nipper."

Nipper's eyes widened. "I—um—Anna, are you sure you—"

She went stiff. A moment later, a little mewl of pleasure escaped her.

Anna had begin scratching her ear. She seemed to know just the right spot, too. Nipper found herself leaning against Anna's hand, unable to control a slight purr.

No! she told herself. This is the girl of your dreams, and the girl of your dreams does not just suddenly decide she wants you in the sack!

"You..." She couldn't get her voice to go above a weak murmur, and it got quieter and quieter as the scratching continued. "You need to stop, and...think...need to...Anna...mm..."

"Oh, come now, Nipper," Anna rasped in Nipper's ear. "Don't you want me?"

"I..."

"I've seen how you look at me. You do think I'm attractive, don't you?"

"I...yeah." Nipper's voice came out as barely a whimper.

"Mm. My very own little pet pussy." Anna's voice turned husky. "Get on your knees."

Slowly, haltingly, Nipper found her knees bending. The catgirl knelt in the flowerbed. The flowers began wrapping around her legs, binding them there, as Anna strutted around her—as if examining her prize.

Finally, Anna came to a halt before Nipper. Her bare, dripping cunt was inches from Nipper's face, and with one look at Anna's capricious, lust-filled eyes, Nipper knew she had to close the distance.

First, she wrapped both arms around Anna's pert ass. She leaned in, breathing in that strange scent. It smelled a little like Anna, a little like chemicals, and a little like...

She gave the slit a long lick. Then another. The catgirl put her rough tongue to work, rapidly lapping up Anna's juices.

Vanilla.

She blinked.

Eyes widening, she looked back up at 'Anna'.

Anna's eyes were glittering green.

But...she still looked like Anna. Nipper blinked again, and screwed her eyes shut, trying to clear a growing fog from her mind.

She heard a licking sound. When she opened her eyes again, she realized she had begun eagerly lapping once more. And the more she licked, the harder it got to think about why she'd hesitated. The fog got thicker as the taste of vanilla got more and more enticing. More and more impossible to resist.

She shoved her tongue deep into Anna's cunt, licking all around, running her rough tongue over the clit again and again. Distantly, she heard Anna's screams, and they sounded enough like Anna that she didn't care.

She was starting to feel tingly, but she couldn't stop. She kept licking, drawing orgasm after orgasm out of the screaming False Anna. It was only when trembling hands gripped her shoulders and pushed the kneeling catgirl flat on her back that she was forced to relent.

She looked up, squinting. It was so hard to think. Even with her fey resistances, she'd ingested so much...

"You..." The False Anna was gasping for breath. "You're good. I'm...glad you're the one we had to...get out of the way."

Nipper blinked, then started to squirm as she felt tickling flowers approaching her own wet slit.

"You know what we're after," False Anna whispered, lowering down and tracing kisses on Nipper's sensitive nipples. Nipper moaned loudly. The long tongue, the big lips...the sensation was heavenly.

Irresistible.

And when False Anna began kissing her on the mouth, filling her with even more vanilla, she didn't quite look like Anna. But Nipper couldn't even tell the difference anymore.

As the flowers surged into her cunt, she heard Anna's voice cooing in her ear.

"My pussyslut. My own little pet pussy."

And she came at the sound.

~~~~

For ten seconds, Anna had been alone in the darkness, shaking uncontrollably from the burning need growing within her.

Then She came.

At first, she was just a shape in the shadow. Then Anna realized that she was the shadow. Dressed in a very revealing black dress, with long, flowing dark hair and coal-black skin, the only thing of her Anna could easily make out were those bright turquoise eyes.

She shuddered. Those were not friendly eyes.

"Good evening, Anna," the woman said. Her voice was calm, collected. Affable, even. "My name is Nictice. The mortals like to call me Coucang, but I think you and I are just a bit above all that nonsense."

Anna took a step back, trying desperately to control her urge to run up and ravish this beautiful woman. What's happening to me? she thought frantically.

Nictice gave a little smirk, showing off sharp white teeth. "Ah, Anna. I've been watching your progress with great interest. Longer than you know." She paused. "And don't even think about it. Business before pleasure, love." She winked.

Anna gulped.

"I'm an umbra hag." Nictice walked closer, giving a friendly smile. "We're fey's equivalent to temptation fiends, but we're the true seducers of this world."

Anna leaned against a tree and tried in vain to control the miniature orgasm she had at the word "seduce". Nictice didn't seem to notice—though did her smile just widen slightly?
