 Ch. 7 - Aftermath 

"How many wounded?" Bedivere demanded. 

"A few dozen, and several dozen more killed. Most of our casualties were here in the outer courtyard. They breached the inner courtyard, but were driven back out here. Merlin is tending to the survivors as we speak." 

"Sir Bedivere!" 

Turning he saw his friend running up. "Sir Kay, what did you find?" 

"You had best come have a look at this." 

Bedivere followed the knight into the nearby guardhouse, gasping at seeing the remains of his fallen friend. 

"Sir Gawain..." 

"When we arrived, His Highness saw Mordred and his mother running from this building. I can only assume that he is the one who did Sir Gawain in," Kay said. 

"Sir Bedivere! Sir Kay!" 

The men turned to find their fellow knight entering the guardhouse. 

"Sir Lancelot... it seems we have lost one more Knight of the Round Table," Kay said. 

"Sir Gawain, you courageous fool," Lancelot said, kneeling beside his friend's remains. "He... swung down on a rope from the second level, assaulted Mordred and two of his men on his own, all to lower the drawbridge for His Highness. I tried to convince him to allow me to help but..." 

"Your leadership was needed to keep the enemy forces contained," Bedivere nodded. "He was a good man, better than most. He shall be dearly missed." 

"Aye." Lancelot turned to Kay. "Sir Kay, it is my hated duty to inform you that... we have lost another of our members besides Sir Gawain." 

"Wh... what are you saying?" 

***** 

"Easy man, lie still," Merlin coaxed. 

"Aye... it just hurts..." 

Merlin moved his hand over the injured soldier's body, focusing on the wounds he had received. The progress was a bit slow, but soon he had managed to stop the bleeding and help the man's body to heal itself more quickly. So it went in the aftermath of any battle like this one. He always prioritized the most dire cases first, but there was never enough time to save all the wounded. 

"Merlin." 

The old man looked up, seeing the source of the voice. "Arthur, I am glad to see you have returned safely." 

"It pleases me as well to see you unharmed, old friend," Arthur replied. 

Greeting him with a hug, Merlin said, "I have done what I can for our wounded. Many were hurt, more than I care to count, but I am no fool. It could have been far worse." 

"Yes... I saw my bastard son and his mother fleeing the battle. Clearly, Mordred led this attack, but what of Morgan le Fay? What do you know of her involvement in this?" Arthur asked. 

"Hmm... I am unsure of how much I know for certain, but there is a great deal that I suspect. Speak with your men for a while, Arthur. When you are done, find me in David's chambers. Perhaps by then I will have confirmed my suspicion." 

"Very well." 

"Arthur!!" 

"Kay? What is it? What troubles you?" Arthur asked, seeing his brother approach. 

"Sir Lancelot... he has just told me... Father has been slain..." Kay heaved. 

"What?! Where?!" 

"In the entry hall of the tower." 

"With me!" Arthur said, jogging towards the tower. "You mentioned Sir Lancelot informed you of this. What of Sir Gawain?" 

"Dead. He... assailed Mordred in the guardhouse, held him off long enough to lower the drawbridge for us. He gave his life to allow us passage." 

"Christ... when I see Mordred again, may God have mercy on me for what I will do to him." 

"Only if I do not get there first," Kay agreed. 

By this time, the pair had arrived at the entrance to the central tower. On the other side of the doors, both lowered their heads at seeing the fallen body of Sir Ector. Judging by the hole in his torso, it was clear he had been run through with a spear. Choking back a tear, Arthur knelt down next to the man who had taken him in all those many years ago. 

"I know that... I am the son of Uther Pendragon. But you, Sir Ector, are the man who raised me. You brought me into your home, taught me right and wrong, helped me become a man. In this moment, bloodlines mean nothing to me. You will always be... my father." 

With a heavy sigh, Arthur closed Ector's eyelids, at last allowing him to rest peacefully. He stood and turned to his brother. 

"Send out your scouts. I want to know where Mordred is and what he is planning. He must be made to pay for this, Kay." 

"My brother, it shall be my great pleasure." 

***** 

"Madeleine, are you there?" Dave asked from his balcony. 

"David! Thank the Lord you are unharmed!" she replied, rushing to her balcony. 

"Are you safe? Did anyone come for you?" 

"No all was quiet. I do not think Mordred's men ever made it this far into the castle. I am uncertain what they hoped to accomplish in all this." 

"Merlin has a theory. He should be here before long. Here, let me undo the enchantment on your door." 

A quick levitation over to Madeleine's room, and Dave disabled the magical protection on her door. Breathing a sigh of relief, he took Madeleine in his arms, holding her close for several long moments. 

"You should go, lest we are discovered," Madeleine whispered. 

"Of course," Dave sighed. 

After a final kiss, he returned to his balcony. As soon as he entered his room, a knock came at his door. 

"Come in." 

"David," Merlin greeted him. "If you will fetch your Incantus." 

The two men took a seat at a small, circular table in the corner of the room, the large book resting between them. Merlin began to flip through the pages, finally landing somewhere in the latter half of the book. 

"Ah, here we are..." 

"What are we looking for?" Dave asked. 

"The spell Morgan le Fay used on me before your timely arrival." 

"Let me see... the leech spell?" 

"Indeed. She said that she learned of it on a journey across the seas." 

"But if she learned it across the seas, why is it in the Incantus?" 

Merlin grinned. "The Incantus is made of a special sort of sorcery, one that allows it a certain degree of self-awareness. It is able to detect when a new and unknown spell is used on its owner. As this Incantus was once mine, it now knows of the spell Morgan attempted to use against me." 

"Hmm... it says here that the leech spell is one that causes a sorcerer's power and life force to be drained into the caster of the spell. It first requires that the victim be either immobilized or knocked unconscious. Then, the user must focus on the victim's channel, drawing their power out of them through the channel." 

"Indeed," said Merlin. "It was a most dreadful sensation. She was attempting to kill me from the inside out." 

"So her purpose was to increase her own power exponentially while eliminating her strongest rival at the same time," Dave surmised. 

"Precisely. Accomplishing those two goals would have allowed her to be an open combatant in Mordred's war against Camelot." 

"Why? What is preventing her from doing so in any case?" 

"Me," Merlin said simply. "Morgan le Fay knows that if she were to enter the war so openly, I would have no choice but to do the same. While she may have youth, I have experience. When backed by Arthur's forces, she knows that I would be superior to her on the field of battle." 

"Meaning she had to eliminate you in single combat, where she would have a greater chance of success." 

"Indeed, and make no mistake, she quite nearly did." 

"So what changes now that she has failed in this?" Dave wondered. 

"If I know Mordred, he has been using his raider tactics as his mother's request, as this allowed them to remain undetected until they could strike at Camelot and attempt to accomplish her goals. But now, I would not be surprised if he decides to engage Camelot in open warfare." 

"If he does not, I shall," said Arthur as he entered the room. 

"Arthur? What troubles you?" Merlin asked, seeing the twisted look on his friend's face. 

"My father and Sir Gawain have been slain," Arthur sighed. "I now realize that Mordred is a man who will stop at nothing to achieve his goal. He will not rest until he takes Camelot for his own. As soon as Sir Kay's scouts track down his location, I am bringing the battle to him." 

"I understand your sentiments, Arthur, but be wary of your emotions. As close as you were to Sir Ector and Sir Gawain, Mordred may well be expecting some rash action in reply. Be careful you do not fall into a trap," Merlin cautioned. "This entire battle was one great deception in and of itself. David and I have uncovered what we believe to be their true goal in the battle tonight." 

"I am well aware of his devious nature," Arthur huffed. "I am convening the Knights of the Round Table in twenty minutes, and I request the two of you attend as well. You can present your findings there. If you will excuse me, I must make preparations." 

As Arthur slammed the door behind him, Dave asked Merlin, "Has he ever been this upset before? It does not seem in his character." 

"It is a rare sight to behold, this much is certain. Even in retreat, Mordred has managed to strike at the heart of Camelot, attacking those most dear to Arthur. I pray that I shall be able to calm him during our campaign against Mordred." 

"Campaign? You plan to go with him?" Dave asked. 

"I must. Should they encounter Morgan le Fay, I am their only hope of survival." 

"But what of my training? How will I continue to learn sorcery?" 

"I believe you have learned enough to study the Incantus on your own time, learning what you are able to in my absence." Merlin waved a hand over the book, continuing, "I have enchanted your Incantus to aid you. Spells that you should have little difficulty mastering on your own shall appear as green text. Those that may require my assistance, yet pose no danger to you shall appear as blue. Finally, spells that are forbidden for you to attempt without me shall appear as red. Under no circumstances are you to touch those spells; I shall tell you when the time is right for them." 

"I assume traveling through time is a red spell?" Dave asked with a smirk. 

"The reddest of the red!" Merlin fired back with a slight laugh. "I cannot have my best pupil lose his body across space and time by accident!" 

"Ah... so it will be fine if I lose my body across space and time on purpose!" 

Merlin stood, drying the tears from his raucous laughter. "My boy... I have not laughed like that in ages! In any case, I shall return to Camelot with some regularity, as distance is nothing to me with the teleportation spell. In those times, we shall attempt some of the more difficult spells together. Ah, but it is nearly time for us to join Arthur. Shall we?" 

"If you would go on ahead. I just want to change into some clean clothes first," Dave said. 

"Very well." As Merlin opened the door, he added with a grin, "By the way, impressive use of the forget-me-knob spell." 

"Wait... what?" Dave replied, but Merlin was already gone. 

***** 

"May God the Almighty grant us the wisdom to discover the right, the will to choose it over all else, and the power to help it endure. Amen." 

The four men took their seats at the table. 

"My friends, we come together in dark and trying times," Arthur began. "Two of our fellows have been slain tonight, Sir Gawain and Sir Ector. Such an assault cannot go unanswered. Once Sir Kay's scouts return, we shall bring the fight to Mordred and end this war once and for all." 

The room rumbled as the knights pounded their fists on the table in approval. 

"An excellent plan, Your Highness," Lancelot said. "Mordred's forces took significant losses in this battle. I estimate they are at half strength at best, and I doubt they would be able to defend against a direct assault from the full armies of Camelot." 

"I agree. Thus, I have sent word for all troops out in the kingdom attempting to defend our smaller towns to assemble here. Mordred is a man who only understands strength and might. If that is what he wishes, that is what we shall give him." 

"Sir Lancelot, your statement that Mordred has lost half his men does beg an interesting question. What was his purpose in attacking Camelot like this? What could prompt such a decision, given the losses he knew he would most likely receive?" Bedivere asked. 

"I believe we can answer that," said Merlin, entering the room with Dave. 

"Ah, there you are, old friend," Arthur said. "Merlin and David have information that I believe to be vital to our success." 

"What information is that?" Lancelot inquired. 

"This battle was merely a diversion," Merlin began. "Mordred and his men were attempting to distract from their true purpose in attacking Camelot: me." 

"You? Why you?" Arthur asked. 

"While Mordred's forces occupied the attentions of the soldiers outside, Morgan le Fay snuck into the castle and attacked me in my chambers. Her goal was to eliminate me and take my power for herself, thus giving her the ability to become an open combatant against Camelot." 

"Forgive me, but I do not understand," Kay said. "Why would she not already be an open combatant against Camelot?" 

"In all the reports we have received of Mordred's raids on the outlying towns and villages, not once have we been told of an attack using sorcery," Merlin explained. "Such a report would have caused me to investigate personally. This is not something Morgan le Fay would have wanted, as I would have been superior to her when backed by Camelot's armies. She had to bide her time until she could attempt to eliminate me in single combat. She did fail in this goal, thanks to the arrival of my apprentice." 

"Is it safe to assume that she is now an open combatant in any case?" Arthur asked. 

"Most likely. I believe she will still look for an opportunity to get me alone and take me out, but this will be exceedingly difficult with the presence of your armies," Merlin replied. 

"Very well. We ride as soon as Sir Kay's scouts return with Mordred's location. At that time, Sir Bedivere shall remain here in charge of Camelot," said Arthur. 

"Your Highness, there is one more thing," Dave chimed in. 

"What is that, David?" 

"This is something that I have only begun to understand, but according to history and all the texts and legends of Camelot... this battle never happened." 

"Never happened? What does he mean?" Arthur asked Merlin. 

"I am unsure; this is the first I am hearing of this." 

"Allow me to explain," Dave said. "According to everything I know about the war between Mordred and Camelot, Mordred never came close to breaching the walls of Camelot until the very end of the war. With this battle today, that has changed dramatically. In addition, were there ever an epic duel between Merlin and Morgan le Fay, such an event would certainly have been told of in legend. But as the duel in question has not appeared in any of the legends from my time..." 

"It is reasonable to conclude that the duel should not have occurred!" Merlin realized. 

"Exactly. This means, as best as I can surmise, that history is beginning to deviate further from its intended path. More troubling still, this may not be in any way related to my presence." 

"How can all this not be related to your presence?" Lancelot asked warily. 

"Because Merlin and I still have not discovered who has brought me here and for what purpose. Clearly there is a more powerful force at work here than even Merlin himself, and we still do not know if that force is malevolent or benevolent," Dave replied. 

"All the same, we must react with effective measures to these events, even if history is beginning to deviate," Arthur said. 

"I agree, but I do have one request to make that may help in getting history back on the path it needs to be on," Dave said. 

"And that is?" 

"When you are off to war against Mordred, Sir Lancelot must remain here in charge of Camelot." 

Arthur rubbed his chin, pondering this request. "I am not keen on someone else overriding my decisions. Besides, I may well need Sir Lancelot on the field of battle." 

"I understand, Your Highness, but it is imperative that Sir Lancelot remain here." 

"May I ask why?" 

"Apologies, but I cannot reveal the reason, as it would amount to revealing something vital of the future of Camelot," Dave replied. 

"But you already revealed that Mordred would attack Camelot at the end of the war!" Lancelot interrupted. 

"Yes, because it was necessary to illustrate that history is deviating, and even so, that event could eventually happen all the same. Even though certain events have changed, I believe it is still possible to put history back on its intended path. If you will trust what I am telling you, I can help with that." 

"And in order to begin to right the ship, Lancelot must remain here in Camelot?" Arthur asked. 

"Yes. It is absolutely essential." 

"Hmm... what do you think, Merlin?" 

"Everything David has said makes perfect sense to me. As well, I have some powers of premonition, and as David was speaking, I was able to catch a glimpse of the future of which he speaks. He tells the truth. I agree with him in placing Sir Lancelot in charge of Camelot." 

Arthur nodded. "On your word, old friend, I shall trust him. Sir Lancelot shall have command of Camelot once we set out after Mordred. Sir Kay, when are your scouts due back?" 

"They are not to return in full until they have found Mordred, but if no trace is discovered by the end of the week, at least one shall report in to deliver the update to me." 

"Very well," said Arthur. "Sir Kay shall keep me informed of any news. Unless you hear otherwise, we shall ride at the end of the week. Dismissed." 

"Merlin, may we speak in private?" Dave asked. 

"Of course, in my chambers." 

As the group filed out of the room, Lancelot approached Arthur. 

"Sire... I shall truly miss the thrill of battle." 

"I know, my friend. I pray we shall not need your strength." 

"I must wonder how wise it is to put so much faith in David's mysterious assurances. Are we certain he is not attempting to undermine Camelot?" Lancelot asked. 

"I am worried about that myself, but Merlin trusts him implicitly. That speaks volumes in my mind. Besides, David's concern is not as small and petty as Camelot or Mordred. No, his concern is for history itself. History must be set back on its intended path, or he could risk changing something that results in him never being born. We may not know the future outcome of all this, but whatever it may be, David shall endeavor to make it happen. He must, for his own sake." 

"Very well. Be assured that I shall keep Camelot safe in your absence, and most especially Queen Guinevere. I feel you should know that there was an incident in her chambers during the battle." 

"Oh?" 

"A pair of Mordred's soldiers broke off and went after her. I arrived just as they were attempting to ravage her. I managed to stop them, but I do worry that she may be a target again in the future." 

Arthur grinned, "Sir Lancelot, I now have no doubt about my decision. It is good to leave you in charge here. You are strong and relentless; such traits will undoubtedly keep Camelot and my wife safe from all invading forces." 

***** 

"What did you wish to speak of, David?" Merlin asked as they arrived in his chambers. 

"Something you said earlier. How did you know about the forget-me-knob spell I cast?" 

Merlin chuckled. "David, I am a master sorcerer. Every sort of magic leaves behind some form of residue. Detecting this on the doors to yours and Madeleine's chambers was child's play for me." 

"I see. Be assured, it was only a precautionary measure once I learned of the attack on Camelot," Dave said. 

"Really? By my estimations, the magical protections on your doors had been in effect for some time, perhaps since this morning. Surely you did not know at that point that Camelot would come under attack?" Merlin replied with a knowing grin. 
