 It was a tree hollow, probably.

"Aaah! Oh! Nnn!"

Probably.

"Mm—yes—mm-hm..."

Maybe down in the roots.

Anna couldn't stop gasping. She couldn't stop moaning. And she couldn't stop wriggling in the soft spider silk that bound her so completely. The delicious sensation of the smooth, wet bindings, running around her breasts, gliding between her thighs...

It was too sensation, too much temptation. Any will she'd managed to retain after getting injected with that ranger's drug had long since been rubbed away by the wonderful influx of inescapable need, and now all that remained was the wish that this could go on forever. And ever. She wiggled her hips, feeling the silk slide gracefully over her asscheeks. Everything felt intoxicating. There was no way to move or think that did not fill her with more lust.

"S-so," she managed, stretching her shoulders to allow the silk even tighter touches across her breasts, "you, uh . . . y'was talkin' 'bout . . . abraaaaaAAAAH!"

Anna shook all over as another tempest of ecstasy tore through her, ripping the words and worries from her mind like a tornado would rip a weathervane from a rooftop. She'd been coming for what felt like hours now. Her thighs and legs within the webbing were wet and sticky with juices, and it was only a matter of time before it started making noises each time she wiggled. Even knowing that, she couldn't stop herself. She gave a weak and lazy smile. Her mouth abruptly opened into a blissful "Oh" as another orgasm overtook her, mere seconds later.

She shook in her bindings. By now she knew just how helpless she was. The pleasure came hard and fast—too fast to think of any sort of plan of escape. All she could do was let herself be swept away. Again. And again. And again . . .

"Yes." The Arachne Girl looked down at her, six black eyes narrowing to slits. The lavender-colored spider-like creature slowly crawled down a length of webbing next to Anna's face. Its shark-like mouth drew up in a thin smile. "You know . . . I'm starting to wonder just what's taking you so long, human."

Anna tried to wrap her head around this. She knew she was in danger. She also knew the stories it were telling her be what oh oh yes that felt good. She arched her back and let out a loud, lusty moan.

The young fey had agreed to tell her a story while it waited for her to get off—a story rather transparently inspired by its scrying on her friends. She, totally drugged out of her mind, had been coming so rapidly it hadn't even realized she'd hit the first climax ages ago.

Mostly because, she reminded herself as the orgasm struck again, the climax had never really ended. She giggled weakly, the joy wiping away any worries for a few more seconds. That was how it had been. It was so hard to care about anything when the pleasure was so . . . much. She never wanted to think again.

The Arachne Girl sprang, and her slight fear of spiders afforded her a mere moment's respite from arousal as it landed on her bound breast. The arousal returned, along with a worry that she was going to get a fetish for spiders after this.

"See," the little creature said, "it sounds like you're just moaning. But I'm an Arachne Girl. I mean, a young one, I haven't got my more 'pretty' body yet, but you should have finished by now. Right?"

It stared up at her. She squeezed her eyes shut. For a moment, the arousal was definitely lowered. That thing was a spider the size of her fist. A spider with a big toothy mouth.

Anna felt it start to crawl down her lower body. Oh, no. Surely it wasn't about to—

Sure enough, arresting her mid-wriggle, she felt a large strip of silk covering her crotch just . . . melt away. She moaned in sudden frustration, realizing that suddenly, her entire cunt was exposed to open air.

Her entire, dripping cunt.

Her eyes opened. Uh-oh.

"Ha!" The fey looked up at her triumphantly. "Deal's a deal, human." Dark eyes glittered in the light from the shimmering webs. "Now I eat. Nothing personal. You seem nice. But everybody's gotta eat."

Anna stared down at it, swallowing. Like the silk, the lust had just melted away from her mind, even as it continued to consume her body. The Arachne Girl had said this part would hurt. Her mind started to race.

It was about to poison her, then eat her alive.

The creature's mouth opened wide—wider than its head, wide enough to consume its entire abdomen, exposing row upon row of shark-like teeth and a wet, human-like tongue—and leaned forwards her thigh. Anna clenched her jaw, watching it with eyes wide open.

The fey froze.

It stood like that for just a second—mouth wide open, readied to sink its teeth into her soft flesh. Then, its mouth eased shut, like an inside-out purse being pushed back into its proper order. It gave her a warning look. "Stay quiet. I mean it."

Its legs were trembling slightly with excitement. The spider crawled up the sides of what Anna could now see were a small cave. They were definitely underneath the roots of some old hollowed tree.

Already Anna could feel the lust returning. Just relax, her mind told her. Enjoy it while it lasts. You'll be dead soon anyways. The Prostitute's Kindness eased her back into her hunger with tickles of air and images of carnal satisfaction. Her breath started to quicken again.

She couldn't reach her cunt, but her breasts were still covered by the silk. She started to quiver. She started to shake and writhe, letting the smooth webbing run across her pert nipples. Little stray strands tickled her belly.

"Aah!" She shook all over as her cunt began to leak once more. It felt so good. So good to just let it take her, to live in the moment. And the moment was a sort of frustrating pleasure.

Up above, through a thick fog of mostly-denied lust, she heard the Arachne Girl gasp.

"Oh, crud."

~~~~~~~~

Captain Vrolek strolled down the path, filled with confidence—and more than a little afterglow. Kaytei the lust sprite crawled on all fours at his side, scampering over the dusty path with remarkable speed, filled, in every sense of the word, with his seed. He paused and smiled down at her. Her long, wavy golden locks were clear of cum (he had already made her lick it all out earlier), but her position meant she was picking up more than a little path debris. Leaves had gotten tangled in that shining hair. One had managed to get stuck on one of her cute little red horns.

"You filthy animal." He laughed. "Is this all you are? Is it?"

She looked up at him, blinking heavy-lidded eyes. "Like, yes, Master. She beamed up at him obediently. There was not a spark of resistance in the creature's eyes now.

He leaned forward, cupping her chin in his palm. He felt her trembling at his touch. Her lip quivered. "Soon your whole forest will be like you," he whispered. "Perfect. Mindless. Obedient. Won't you like that?"

"Perfect," she husked. "I wanna be perfect. Perfect for the Chosen Commander."

"You begged for the Conversion. Will they?"

"They're, like, total bimbos." She giggled. "You'll master them, Master." She giggled again. "'Master them, Master.' Like, wow, I'm such a ditz. Am I a ditz, Master?"

"Silence." He reached down and took her hand roughly by the wrist. She gasped, her mouth forming an attractive 'O' shape, but didn't object as he slid it down towards her exposed labia. The hand took on a mind of its own as it got close. She began to touch herself, mouth still hanging open.

"You," he said, smirking, "are a slut for the Chosen Commander." She moaned. "A begging little tramp. You rolled in the mud and begged me for the conversion, do you remember?" The lust sprite slipped in a second finger, slowly slipping backwards, but he grabbed her shoulder and forced her to maintain eye contact. Her eyes were dull and misty, and they stared into his with total undisguised adoration. "Do you remember?" he repeated.

She stared at him, shaking as an orgasm rose within her. Little wordless whimpers escaped her. He had already commanded her to keep quiet.

He smiled, straightening up, as the lust sprite fell backwards and began writhing on the ground. "Tell me," he ordered, "what are the greatest dangers we face in this forest? What will stop us from bringing the morality of the Chosen to these fey degenerates?"

"C-Crypta," managed the lust sprite, pinching her nipples with her free hand.

"Hold yourself back from the next orgasm." In truth, he didn't have any reason for this order. He was just getting a major hardon watching this whore violate herself, and her frustration made his manhood swell. He had the power here. He, Captain Vrolek, was her master. "What is Crypta?"

"Orchid dryaaaaAAAAaad," Kaytei sighed. "She's, like, mega hot. Total fox, y'know? And her tongue is . . . oohhh . . ."

"Keep edging yourself," he commanded. Kaytei was stroking herself with three fingers and rubbing her breasts like mad, teetering back and forth like she was on a tripwire. But she would not orgasm. He had ordered her not to. "How many does she have serving her? How are they in a fight?"

"Unnnnh . . . like, super lots. Maybe, uh . . . ten? Two tens?" Kaytei blinked, her sluggish, infinitesimal brain struggling to master the basic addition problem. Vrolek wanted to yank the hot bitch up by the hair and make her suck him off right then and there. "They're, wow, so good in fights? Like, they can mind control, and vine control—" She shook all over as an orgasm nearly hit her, but she did not come. Vrolek had told her not to.

"Very good. When you come, all that you have just told me will be washed out of that nice, empty brain of yours, understand?" He smiled. "Won't it be nice to be a little bit emptier? All the better to be filled, hm?"

He waited until she at last managed a tiny nod. "Come." He watched her let out a series of joyful squeaks as the orgasms so long belayed all seemed to flow through her at once. A wooden raft in a tsunami, the little lust sprite was swept away in an instant, her mind emptying just a little bit more of who she once had been.

"Captain." Vrolek glanced over. Josem, his second-in-command, had watched silently all this time. The warrior was wearing too much armor to tell, but Vrolek had a feeling Josem was dealing with a major erection by the stiffness of his posture. "The slut sprite has told us plenty about the forest. Between this 'Crypta' and those wraiths she spoke of, I think we should withdraw and await backup. A mere hundred men can't win here."

"Really?" Captain Vrolek raised an eyebrow. He knew his right-hand man's game, of course. He would never appoint anyone complicated to such a post. They were too hard to manipulate. "That's what you think?"

"From my years of experience in the field, Captain." Josem crossed his arms. "I've seen fey before. We're better off waiting at the camp."

"Hm." Vrolek nodded slowly. "And this has nothing to do with five mind-wiped blondes awaiting you back in your tent, I suppose?"

Josem flushed bright red. An affirmative, then. "C-Captain, I just—"

"I suppose seeing my slut has put you in the mood for your own. I understand." Vrolesk smirked. He clapped Josem on the shoulder. The warrior flinched. "It is not easy to withstand their temptations, Josem. These are monsters of pure sin—a thousand times more wanton than the False Goddess's legion of wild women—and I had the audacity to demand you and the others leave your harems back outside the forest. Trapped here, frustrated, involuntarily celibate for far too long. Vulnerable, then?"

Josem said nothing.

The captain chuckled. "But don't worry. I have a plan that will resolve both problems quite swiftly."

"Captain?"

Captain Vrolek turned to look at the seized-up lust sprite on the ground. He smiled, feeling his cock give a pulse. Tonight would be a good night. "We're about to get a new collection."

~~~~~~~~

Nictice watched the dryads impatiently. The dark-skinned fey's shadows were especially prominent right now, wreathing her like a great mass of robes. She was in a foul mood.

"I can't believe we lost the kitty," Stylis was whining. The green-eyed redhead openly stroked around her labia as she spoke. "She was such a cute little pussylicker." She grinned. "Licker pussy, y'might say."

"We lost our kitten, we lost the nymphs' toy . . . " Crypta sighed. She reached over and pinched Stylis's nipple, smiling at the whimper this elicited. "But we can get them back."

"Mm . . . It must have been one of the other fey that snatched Cicuta's girl." Stylis leaned back against the mossy tree trunk, fingers slipping inside her moist cunt. The masturbation didn't even seem to be distracting her. "Some upstart who doesn't respect our authority. Some wretched—unh!—little brat. Stupid little . . . "

Nictice watched as Crypta gently pulled out each of Stylis's wet fingers, ignoring the moans of protest, and licked each one in turn clean. "Calm yourself, dearest," she cooed. Her own fingers descended down to her fellow dryad's pussy. "You never can think straight when you're horny."

"Mmm . . ." Stylis eagerly spread her legs to accept the attentions. "We'll . . . hunt 'em down . . . get my lickerpussy back..."

"Ahem."

Both dryads turned to blink at Nictice. Neither one slowed in their erotic efforts.

The umbra hag's eyes narrowed. So far, this had been a tremendously disappointing day. A bump in her head, the loss of a juicy mark who'd been inches from signing away her very soul... "I think we all have bigger problems than an errant human and some little Low Fey whose mind is probably on the verge of breaking for you all regardless."

"Easy for you to say. The nymphs' toy already turned you down." Stylis stuck out a tongue, then bucked her hips as Crypta slipped a little finger somewhere Nictice couldn't see. "Ooh! Crypta, you naughty—"

Nictice gritted her teeth. "She never issued a suitable answer. I worked a bit too slow because I was counting on you idiot bimbos keeping track of your own hostages."

"It was hard." Crypta started pounding her fingers in both directions, grinning wildly as Stylis moaned like a well-paid whore. "There's just so much going down right now." She winked.

"Yes." Nictice arched an eyebrow. "That's what I want to—" She stopped and waited as Stylis hit a shrieking climax, melting into spitting lava under Crypta's expert touch. Nictice had never felt the dryad's fingers personally, but she had a feeling that was for the best. Umbra hags had to stay focused on corruption—mere sex was an indulgent waste. "That's what I want to discuss."

"Uuuugh." The expression was half an annoyed groan and half an overwhelmed sigh as Stylis rolled onto her side. She giggled as Crypta kept up light touches on her thighs and breasts.

Nictice decided to just ignore their reactions for now. "The Chosen are a real problem," she snapped. "I've seen what they do to humans. It's some sort of Proto-Hell Magic. That's a big deal. It works on fey."

"According to who?" Crypta smirked. Her fingers tweaked and tickled Stylis's nipples, causing a near-constant stream of whimpers and gasps from the still-sensitive dryad. "Humans are vulnerable because they're weak; repressed. Fey can handle a bit of libido magic. We practically invented it."

"Both untrue and irrelevant." Nictice scowled. "This forest is nothing but a speedbump for them to get a flank against their enemies. You need to stay away from them."

"Oh, poo." Nictice turned at the new voice, giving a groan. Now what?

It was one of Crypta's pet lust sprites. This one was one of those faux succubi—she'd been seeing a few around lately. Very gauche. The sprite's ebony hair framed a perfect heart-shaped face, and her naked skin was a bright red in color. A sinuous tail wrapped around one leg. Nictice couldn't see any other sprites nearby, but the creatures never traveled alone. There were more.

This sprite sauntered up, her hips swaying to almost ridiculous extremes. "We're going to take these 'Chosen'," she purred, fingers tracing around a nipple, "and teach them a thing or two about real sin, aren't we?"

Nictice had met actual succubi. Succubus demons were insufferably cocky, prone to spouting existential bullshit, very, very hard to resist, and, generally speaking, downright geniuses. This was a downright parody of the succubus. The hot body was there, but those eyes held no real mischief—just a hint of 'dominatrix' that could probably be overwhelmed at a moment's notice. Embarrassing.

"They'll take you," she said firmly, "and rape your brains, and add you to their property. These people know how to handle lust sprites. It's how the Commander got started, you know."

"Mm . . . " The lust sprite gave a sultry giggle. "We'll make them ours. We'll make them come and come and come until they can't think about anything but . . . uh, coming. More." Her eyes shimmered. She was clearly imagining it, because her hand was already creeping below to start fingering her clit.

Nictice shook her head in disgust. Behind her, she could hear the sounds of licking. Doubtless Stylis was now returning Crypta's 'favor' earlier. She was surrounded by sex-crazed fey.

She shrugged and shoved past the sprite. "Fine. Go ahead and go there. In less than an hour, they'll have a whole new harem of sprites to themselves."

"Ummm . . . " The sprite swayed her hips against her finger. "Prob'ly sooner. Most of my sisters's already there."

Nictice froze. She heard the dryads go still, too. The umbra hag whirled on the sprite. "Already?"

"Yes." The sprite gave a sultry giggle. That seemed to be the only way she knew how to laugh. "They are probably already fucking those boys' brains out. Literally!" She beamed, her tail twirling behind her.

"Oh, no." Nictice buried her face in her palm. "You stupid animals."

"Okay." Crypta got to her feet. She was clearly a bit out of breath. "Why are they attacking? I didn't tell them to go out!"

The sprite bit her lip. "Well...They kinda, um..."

"They're luring them." Nictice's eyes narrowed. "Easiest marks in the world. You've probably already lost half your little supply, Crypta."

"No. No way."

"I told you, you flame-headed fool." Nictice rubbed her forehead. "Anyways, you can still salvage this. Just withdraw all your—"

"Hell no." Crypta yanked Stylis up to her feet. Stylis gasped and stumbled, unsteadily falling into Crypta's arms. "We're going to teach these fanatics a thing or two about fey. And if you have any respect for the rightful place of humanity, you'll help us do it. C'mon, sprite. Get your sisters that're still here and get a teleportation ready."

Nictice knew enough about downfall to recognize a consuming conviction. She was not going to get any further here. So she just raised her arms. "Go to them, then. Go to them, nymphs." Her eyes narrowed as they moved past her, taking the lust sprite with them. "But remember that, by these minds of war, the Evergreen will be never green evermore."

"Your meter's terrible!" she heard Crypta yell back at her.

"Fuck you, Crypta."

~~~~~~~~

"F-fuck me!" Yilra cried.

Callosum and Cernuum smiled down at her. "Fuck yourself," the male dryads whispered.

The legless ranger had become utterly entangled in creeping vines. All over the vines grew large, brilliant red blooms, which surrounded her in a halo of scarlet contentment. The blossoms maintained a constant cloud of soporifix pollen around her head, keeping her docile and weak as the vines crawled all over her body below. The constant caresses delighted her, and she couldn't remember why they ever wouldn't have.

But not one vine was touching her dripping cunt, her flushed, swollen labia, her hungry, needy pussy. She cried out as a leaf stroked over a nipple. The dryads' smiles were utterly without pity. This was their game.
