 The thief lay in a pool of a strange viscous fluid. His eyes gazed up into the forest canopy and saw nothing at all.

Nothing real. Visions of nubile lust sprites danced in his head, taunting him, titillating him. Crypta and Hillsii, the temptress and tempter who had seduced him into this state, watched him. Their emerald eyes glinted with mischief and promise.

Cicuta, Lisura, Esca, those accursed nymphs who had started him down this path, laughed at him. Their eyes were dead darkness, their once-green hair now dull and gray. And they laughed. He watched a vision of Esca going down on him, as she had in the clearing, and remembered the feeling of her lips on his cock. He smelled the vanilla of the dryads' essence. Vaguely, he recognized that he was lying in it.

The thick fluid was the color of an aged brandy. Its scent enraptured him, made the visions feel more real, made his flesh tingle all over as the dryads' strange pollen was infused into him. Every breath made the feel of Esca's lips just a little more sensuous, made the taste of the lust sprite's juices just a little more distinct on his tongue.

Every lusty thought seemed to make the process go faster. Soon, Hillsii had told him, he would be theirs utterly. Like the others already were, no doubt.

The thief's name had almost totally left him. Had it started with an 'A'? Or an 'S'? He frowned. But every time he felt like he almost had a grip on it, a phantom finger would graze his cock, a nipple would brush past his mouth, a tongue would lap along his balls, and the thought would evaporate in the spasms of pleasure.

Was this what he was going to become? No name. No identity. He knew he was angry, but he couldn't remember why. Why would he be angry about this?

The thief sighed and moaned as the phantom Esca turned into a phantom lust sprite, a feather twirling between her nimble fingers, giggling as she tickled his cock without mercy. These weren't just memories. They were promises. It would be so wonderful, they promised. So wonderful when he just gave in to what the dryads wanted. Why would he ever fight such beautiful, perfect creatures?

No name. No identity. No emotions, even, save pleasure. Pure pleasure. Pure love and devotion to his owners. Nothing else. He would be a slave. A toy. A pet. An . . . un-person.

The drugs were too strong. The . . . What was he? Had he been a murderer? A monk? A farmer? He blinked drowsily, trying to clear his head. When his eyes reopened, the image of a smirking Cicuta was lowering down on him, touching her lush lips to his, her pert nipples to his naked chest. Again, the rebel thoughts fled, unable to stand before the overwhelming need building in him.

He didn't have long left. What free thoughts he had left rallied together, fleeing to a distant corner of his mind used to house some old, resentful memories more difficult to pry away. And in this corner, he clung to one basic truth. Above all else, there was one thing he knew for sure—one certainty he would take to the sweet, submissive, inevitable end. They wouldn't make him forget it without a fight.

He was a stubborn son of a bitch. A stubborn son of a bitch, by the gods. He would leap off a cliff before admitting to being wrong. He would stab himself in the foot before admitting he'd taken a misstep.

He would fight for this aspect of himself long after he'd forgotten why he needed it. That was all he knew now.

That, and the fact that once, this stubborn, unlikeable, un-person had had a friend. Someone who would have been able to break him out of this mess. Someone who cared enough to give a damn. And right now, though he was too stubborn to admit it . . .

. . . he was sort of missing her.

~~~~~~~~

"Why isn't there a swarm of dryads on top of my house?"

Nipper looked at Yilra out of the corner of her eye. The ranger was frowning at the scenery ahead. Nipper's heart beat a rapid march in her chest. She was trying to care. She really was. But right in front of her, right there for the taking, was Yilra's fiery hair . . . her naked breasts . . .

The catgirl scratched futilely at her feline ears. It was no use. The pollen had entered its final stages within her. Her little stunt with the lust sprite earlier had done nothing to ease the tensions—obviously, it had only made things worse, and she was pretty sure that deep down inside she'd known it would and had not cared. She just wanted to give in. She wanted to take Yilra, to . . . to convince her to let her take her, to let her lick that pussy out, to shove Yilra's pretty face between her thighs—

She shook the image away. As best she could, anyways. The only reason she hadn't totally submitted by now, she knew, was that the dryads' voices in her head had gone strangely silent. They had been taunting her for what felt like hours, tempting her, pushing her into harm's way. She'd almost let that soldier . . . and she wasn't even attracted to men!

She needed relief. She needed an end. She knew she couldn't fight it any longer. She knew she'd lost. And now, when she was all but ready to just give in, to be the slut her mistresses wanted, the dryads weren't around to accept her surrender. It was so cruelly unfair.

"Nipper?" Yilra was eying her with concern. She knows, Nipper thought, panicked. She knows I'm breaking down. Help me, Yilra. Anna's in danger. I need to fight this for her. I have to think about . . . about . . .

Thinking about the beautiful, wonderful Anna right now was probably not the best way to get her mind off this horniness. Especially since it reminded her of the fake Anna who had taken her over and over again mere hours ago. Made her scream. Made her lick, beg, cry, moan . . .

"W-why do we want there to be dryads here?" Nipper squeaked.

They'd made it back over the bridge without any incident. The orchid dryads were distracted. The soldiers were invading. They had arrived at the remains of the ranger's lodge, and sure enough, it was still flattened. Broken glass lay everywhere from shattered windows.

The vines that had destroyed the shack, though, were gone. And so, she realized, were the glory dryads.

When last they'd been there, the whole area had been littered with gorgeous blue-haired women. Dryads associated with the morning glory. Generally a more friendly variety, but Yilra's shack was known to be full of lovely chemicals, and there was nothing an orchid dryad loved more than a good aphrodisiac. Or so Nipper had been told. 'Lazy sluts', Yilra had called them. Sort of rude, but they had destroyed her house today.

"We don't," Yilra said, frowning at Nipper. "But I don't know why they'd leave. Oh, well." She started picking her way around the broken glass and splintered boards.

Lacking legs, Yilra walked using a pair of enchanted, taloned crutches. They were quick enough, if a bit unnerving to look at. One of her crutches' claws latched onto a board and started to awkwardly drag it away. Eager for the distraction, Nipper hurried up to help. "What are we doing?"

"I had a cellar under this place," Yilra muttered. "Now, they'll have seized the majority, but . . . aha!" Nipper saw what she'd uncovered—a dark hole in what had once been a floor. There were some bent brass hinges on the side where once, perhaps, a trapdoor had been. "Nipper, go down there and get the vial marked 'Insta-H-W'. Don't, uh . . ." She sounded sheepish. "Be really careful with it. I'd go, but the ladder's out, and I don't want to chance the fall. When you've found it, I'll drop down some vine to climb up. There should also be backup clothes down there."

Nipper bit her lip. She didn't want to say what had her really worried. Down there, in a dark hole, with nobody watching her . . .

She turned and jumped down.

The cellar was deeper than she'd expected, and Nipper fell for a second or two before hitting the ground with a thud. Her legs trembled for a moment. Catgirls were resilient to falls like that, but she'd already tested her calves in such a way once today. It was risky. She couldn't afford a broken leg.

The dryads wouldn't want her if she had a broken leg. She'd be cast aside, like Yilra, to the scavengers on the sidelines. She shook, suddenly overwhelmed with feelings of fear—not of the loss of her mind, but of rejection once her mind was gone. This wasn't good.

She forced herself to look around. Her catlike green eyes easily picked out the details of a badly wrecked root cellar. Shelves had been smashed and knocked over. A desk had been split in two. But by using her catgirl magic to heighten her eyesight, she quickly spotted a little jar in the back. It was filled with a silvery powder, and marked 'Insta-H.W.', just like Yilra had said.

On her way there, she paused at a wardrobe. She opened it. Sure enough, the dryads had shown no interest in this stuff.

She lingered over outfits, fighting the temptation to pick the sluttiest outfit imaginable for Yilra. It wasn't hard. Yilra apparently had a very conservative fashion sense. Nipper grabbed a shirt, some trousers, and a sweater. As an afterthought, she took a sort of cute woolly hat and a satchel. The process felt so strangely mundane. Was this what humans did every day? It was sort of a fun ritual, she supposed. Matching colors was entertaining, at least. She saw the visual appeal of clothes, even if, for her, a simple set of silky robes was always enough.

There were no robes here. Instead, she found a very long blue coat that went all the way down below her knees. Okay, that would do.

She then walked over and, as carefully as advised, took the jar and tucked it into the satchel. There were already some herbs in here. Hopefully, Yilra would like them. As well as the outfit—Nipper was feeling a curious need to please Yilra right now. Probably because Yilra was the only tether keeping her mind remotely intact. Yilra wouldn't survive on her own. They both knew that.

She breathed in as she walked back below the hole. Dust. Must. The vague sweet smell of morning glories, but mostly faded. It was nicer here than she'd expected. The need for satisfaction was still present, but quieter, almost.

Still, she needed to press on. So she called Yilra for the vine, and, when it was provided, quickly scampered up. The catgirl had to hold on just a little bit longer.

At least long enough for the voices to come back and tell her what she wanted to do.

~~~~~~~

"So," Nipper asked, her legs crossed as she sat on the forest floor, "what are we going to do?"

Yilra was working with the jar Nipper had provided. The Toxin Ranger had already gone and gathered some herbs from the area. It smelled interesting. Not good, but interesting. She sprinkled some seeds into the dusty mixture, frowning at it. "We need Anna and we need Snatch. That's our top priority."

Nipper blinked. "Really? Snatch?" The thief had struck her as a sort of unpleasant character; the sort of person you travel with when there's no one else available. He'd certainly been cranky enough. Risking their lives to save Anna was one thing, but . . .

"Aside from you, he's the only fighter we've got." Yilra blew into the jar. The dust, seeds and crushed leaves swirled within. "And if we run into the Chosen, we can claim to belong to him. He's a man. Those sorts of things matter with this lot."

"Okay. And . . . and Anna?"

"A good person." Yilra shrugged. "She deserves to make it out of this, and I know you won't leave without her. Besides, after what I did . . . "

Nipper's ears perked up. "Hm?"

Yilra's eyes shot up and met the catgirl's. She bit her lip. "I . . . stuck her with Prostitute's Kindness."

"Oh." Nipper swallowed. "What's that?"

"It's a temporary lust inhibitor." Nipper felt a little whispering at the back of her mind at the word lust. "It dispels all erotic feelings for a short time, then causes them to return ten times as strong." Yilra eyed her mixture, then shook her head and sprinkled in some clover petals. "Because of me, she's totally helpless somewhere. Totally . . . ravished."

"Oh." Nipper swallowed again. Images of a 'ravished' Anna entered her mind unbidden. Anna, sweet, golden-haired Anna, undone by lust, tangled in vines and nymphs and Nipper's wonderful dryad mistresses—

Pussyslut.

Nipper gave a start. Had that been one of the voices? Or was it just her own imagination?

"Anyways," Yilra said, her voice unsteady, "we'll get Snatch out first. He can help us find Anna, I hope. I think he's some sort of dungeoneer."

"Uh-huh." Nipper was becoming increasingly distracted from whatever Yilra was saying. She was starting to want something very badly. She wanted to touch herself.

It can't hurt, she told herself. And Yilra's already seen it. You need some relief, Nipper.

A rational part of her mind reminded her that fey didn't get 'relief'—more sex meant more horniness. But just one finger. Just edge yourself. Keep yourself satisfied enough to focus.

She tried to stave off the thoughts with more questions, but found it tremendously difficult to think of any. So she just asked the first one to come into her head. "So, you and that spritelion."

Yilra gave a jerk, almost throwing the jar with the sudden motion. Her face had gone beet red. "What!"

"You, uh . . . " Just a finger. Oh, gods, just let me do one finger. No more. You won't need to cum. Just keep yourself slightly satisfied, enough to resist. You can't just repress all of it. It'll be good for you. Gooooood... "You got caught by her."

Yilra didn't say anything for a moment. Nothing surfaced to distract Nipper from her thoughts. If she kept just denying any arousal, she reasoned, she would break down like an overworked dam. And flood like one. But if she allowed a bit of lust through, if she tapped into that side of herself . . .

I'd never be able to turn it off.

I could. It's not like I'm going to cum right in front of Yilra. She'd stop me, anyways. She ran her hand over her thigh. It felt so nice to feel her skin. She wanted to feel more.

And then, before she knew what she was doing—but the catgirl knew exactly what she was doing—she slipped a finger down to her folds.

"Nn." Her face contorted in relief as she started to gently stroke her wet pussy lips. She slipped the finger inside and touched her clit. Yes. She needed this. It felt so good to just give a tiny bit of relief. Very slowly, carefully, she started to pet her clit with the finger. Little strokes, nothing more. Yilra was focused on the jar and didn't notice.

"Yeah," Yilra said, startling Nipper. She jerked the finger out.

Yilra's voice was quiet. "Yeah, I did." She gave the jar a shake. "I think I'm . . . and I wasn't raised like that. But her . . . her breasts, her eyes. Gods, her eyes. Her breasts. She was so beautiful. And her words were so beautiful. I just . . ."

Nipper remembered watching Yilra going under. That blank, submissive look in her eyes. The cries of joy as she drank of the spritelion's milk.

Nipper slipped the finger back inside. Little strokes. Slow petting. It was exquisite torture. She realized just how badly she wanted more. She reached up, hesitantly, and started to stroke one of her ears. More. More.

She was dimly aware that Yilra could see her, because Yilra had stopped talking and was looking at her strangely. But Nipper wasn't thinking about Yilra. She couldn't think about Yilra. She knew if she thought about Yilra, she'd think about Yilra naked. If she thought about Yilra naked, she'd think about Yilra and the spritelion. If she thought about Yilra and the spritelion, she'd think about grabbing Yilra, pawing those breasts, thrusting her face into Yilra's womanhood and licking until the ranger was screaming.

So she didn't think about Yilra. She thought about her finger.

"Nipper . . ." Yilra's voice sounded distant, faint. Weak, maybe? "You shouldn't do that. Not with the pollen. You've already had too many orgasms. It's progressed too far for that to be safe."

Nipper closed her eyes and let out a high-pitched sigh. Just one finger, just one touch. It was maddening. On impulse, she found herself slipping a second finger in there. Just one wasn't helping. It was driving her insane. She needed two. Yes, that felt perfect. Just enough pleasure. Yessss . . .

"It can cause a reaction. You need to avoid orgasms as much as possible." But Yilra was several feet away, and her hands were full of herbs and jars, and she didn't sound eager to force Nipper to stop.

Nipper smiled. She wants you. You could take her, if you wanted to. Throw those crutches away and make her crawl to you. Make her taste you. Make her make you cum and cum and cum—

She realized, frowning, that she now had three fingers in. When had that happened? But . . . it wasn't as though she was actually going to orgasm. She needed to masturbate. It kept her from doing anything to Yilra. Poor, beautiful, fire-headed Yilra, who had gotten her through so much. Taking care of herself was the least Nipper could do in return. The catgirl started speeding up her thrusts, rubbing her fuzzy ear with the whole ball of her palm. I can stop whenever I want. I'm nowhere near cumming, anyways! I just . . . gotta . . .

"I'm going to help you, Nipper." Yilra's voice was almost too quiet to make out. Nipper wondered why that was, but everything was so nice.

A blissful smile started to spread across her face. Everything was so nice, and blurry, and gooey, and sticky, and she just—she just wanted to come. She screwed her eyes tightly shut. Just come. Just once. Climax and be done with it. That was all she wanted.

She wouldn't break. She loved feeling this way. That was normal! Who wouldn't? It couldn't be control. She giggled feebly. It had to be real. This was what she wanted. She just knew it.

Nipper found herself letting out a happy moan. Everything felt so amazing. Her skin was giving delightful tingles, and her dripping, tight, slippery pussy was receiving her fingers eagerly, hungrily. It almost felt as though it wouldn't let her fingers go, even if she tried to pull out. It almost felt as though she was just moving as it bade, as though all choice had left her. It felt so good to feel as though all choice had left her. So simple. She beamed with relief.

She arched her back as the pleasure buildup started to accelerate. The pleasure was normal. That was her. Any normal person would love this. She wasn't being controlled, she was just being normal. Everything was under her control. She would just come, and come again, and again, and let the pollen finish whatever it was doing, and then she would have sex with Yilra.

She realized now that that was what she wanted. She'd thought that Yilra had been holding her to this world, giving her strength to go on. But now she knew that Yilra had been tempting her all along, pulling her along slowly, surely, right to the brink. She was so beautiful. So vulnerable. Nipper wanted to take Yilra, to cover the human in her musk, her corruption. The dryads would love her if she got them such a prize. Yilra would understand. She would make Yilra understand.

Uh-oh, Nipper thought vaguely. Her mind was scattered like floating dandelion seeds, carried on gusts of pure pleasure. She had totally lost control now. She was totally lost, and the only way to be found that she could see was to let the dryads find her, to let Yilra find her pussy with that hot tongue of hers . . .

"Mmm . . . " she managed. She registered that she was trying to respond to something Yilra had asked her. What had it been? Had it been about the spritelion? Oh, that sexy, wonderful spritelion, with those huge breasts and that sweet milk. If only Nipper had allowed herself to just fall in with Yilra then and there. It would have been so much simpler. But she'd wanted to save Anna.
