 "Aah!"

Anna shook all over as her cunt began to leak once more. It felt so good. So good to just let it take her, to live in the moment. She couldn't come, but this, this frustrating, agonizing pleasure—it felt so good to just give into it.

Up above, through a thick fog of mostly-denied lust, she heard the Arachne Girl gasp.

"Oh, crud."

Then she heard a male voice. A voice she didn't know. "What's that there?"

She blinked. Her eyelids felt like they were covered in the spider's silk that constrained her, and for a moment, she couldn't open them. But despite the pleasure she felt, something here was filtering through to her tired brain.

"Looks like some sorta hollow," someone else said.

"Oh, crud," the wide-mouthed spider repeated. She looked between Anna and the crack of light. "Crud. Not good. Not good!"

"This forest is full of 'em," another voice said. All men, Anna noticed. "We need to keep moving. The Lieutenant wants the whole lot of us in one place."

"Ah, quit your worrying," the first voice said. It was getting closer. "It looks like a . . . Hey, what the—"

The Arachne Girl lunged forward with both forelegs.

"AARRGH!"

"What the hell?"

"My eye! My fucking eye!"

"Get that hollow open!"

The Arachne Girl skittered down the web towards Anna. Her two forelegs were dripping with blood. "Okay, okay. Chosen are here. I can deal with this."

"Ch-Chosen?" Anna felt her lust both rise and fall. The Chosen were an infamous cult of woman-haters. They were murderers, bigots, brainwashed brainwashers who'd sold their souls to pad their senses of hateful superiority. But they would definitely want to take care of her.

"Yes, yes!" the spider snapped. "I can deal with this." She skittered over and grabbed at a couple loose strands of silk binding Anna. The silk binding her left arm slipped away and fell into the darkness, almost like it had never been attached.

Anna blinked again.

Her left arm was different, she knew. She remembered that much. But she wasn't allowed to remember why. She tried to will it to plunge downward, to thrust into her pussy, but it wasn't listening to her right now. Her left arm was different.

Up above, the sounds of hacking—axe against wood—had begun in earnest. The wood of this tree was rotted. Anna wasn't sure why she knew that, or why she recognized the sounds of axes on wood so easily. Had her mother been a lumberjack? It was so difficult to remember these days.

Why was she even thinking about these things?

"Hey!" one of the men above said. "I see something down there! It's a . . . it's a spider!"

"A spider bit my eye?" cried the first man.

"Stabbed it, more like!" the Arachne Girl snapped. She crawled up into view. Anna heard the men moving back hurriedly as the young fey exited the hollow. Anna couldn't see what was happening anymore.

"What the hell is that?"

"That has a name!" shouted the Arachne Girl. "This is my territory, buddies. My hollow, my prey! Get the hell out!"

". . . is it really talking?"

Anna felt her left hand moving. Oh, gods. It's doing it again. She wasn't sure what 'it' was, but was sure she didn't like it.

And suddenly, the webs around her were fading away. Flowers—dandelions, daisies, buttercups—danced around her before falling into the shadows below.

"You listen up!" the Arachne Girl was shouting. "If one of you takes one step nearer—and yes, I know there's fifteen of you and one of me, look how many craps I give, that's right, I'm not holding up any fingers, I don't have any fricking fingers—I will cut you to ribbons! I am an Arachne Girl, and nobody, no catgirl, no pomped-up human soldier with an undersized codpiece and an oversized intracranial space, that means tiny brain, screws with a gosh-damn Arachne Girl on her gosh-damned HOME TUR—"

There was a sound. A sound that made Anna, despite it all, cringe. It was a sound not unlike the squashing of a very large spider against a forest floor of dead pine needles.

The rest of the webs fell away, and Anna realized that there was nothing holding her up anymore. Nothing but flowers.

And flowers were not meant to carry anyone.

So she fell.

~~~~

Morris clutched the place on the right of his face where he'd once been able to see colors other than red, moaning under his breath.

"We've got to keep moving," Tasmel was saying. "We ain't doing anyone any good out here. We're like to get grabbed."

"Oh, come off it. Are we really afraid of a bunch of superpowered bimbos?" Meka snorted. Through the eye that hadn't been gored by a spider, Morris saw the tall, tanned warrior fiddling with his pike. "Everyone's acting like we're up against a real damn threat here. Am I the only one that remembers we're fighting, you know, women?"

"That spider had a girly voice," snickered Aaron. The weaselly little man jabbed Morris in the side. "I keep telling you all, they're vipers. Being surrounded by your harems has made you Kingdomers soft. You gotta be careful."

Morris shoved Aaron away with a whimper. Why did it have to be him? Why had he had to stick his eye into that hole?

"Look, it doesn't matter whether or not the fey are dangerous," Tasmel snapped. "We've gotta get moving. The Lieutenant won't be happy if we delay."

"And I don't know about you," Aaron said, crossing his arms and going to stand next to Tasmel, "but I don't much fancy ending up playing as something's manwhore because you all couldn't take a dryad's magic seriously. Seriously. You're dealing with some crazy, emotional animals here. Don't underestimate 'em just 'cause the Kingdom's been so successful at managing them these last couple generations.

The fifteen men exchanged looks. The Chosen had been founded off of a fairly basic, reasonable premise: Women were taking over the world and steering it towards oblivion. Men were meant to rule—real men, not the softhearted pansies men had become—and they were meant to reinstate the weaker sex to its true purpose. The Chosen were very attached to this ideology. Most of them had been raised with it, and anybody who grew up surrounded by Converted women was bound to start seeing it as fairly self-evident. Nobody was thrilled about the idea of it being flipped on them, or how they would be remembered if they were killed fighting a bunch of greenthumb sluts.

"I vote for whatever gets us moving faster," Morris said, almost snarling at the end of the sentence. He accepted a damp cloth offered by one of the other men and dabbed at the injury. The liquid sizzled as it hit the wound, but it felt a little bit better after. Watered-down healing potions: For the army with a small budget.

The Chosen marched onwards, leaving the hollow where it stood. Morris lagged at the back of the pack, still tenderly dabbing at his eye.

Had he been in better shape, the cultist might have noticed something following them. He might have noticed the shifting leaves, the hungry grins, the green glow in the darkness. But the dryads kept to his right. And two minutes ago, an Arachne Girl had gored his right eye out.

Morris kept walking.

~~~~~~~~

"Mooorris."

Morris swayed. It felt like the whole world was trying to climb up atop his head. He wiped a speck of trickling blood from his good eye and squinted ahead.

The fifteen-man section had united with the full company. Tasmel was explaining the situation to the captain now, though Morris doubted there was much to report. Aside from the spider thing. Their words faded in and out, as though he was miles away.

"Moooorris."

Morris blinked his one good eye. That voice wasn't fading. It was extremely distinct, actually. Like a whisper in his ear. A female voice, light and sensuous.

"Moooorris."

No, not just sensuous. It sounded like the speaker was orgasming with every breath, like his name itself was pleasure to her.

"What?" he mumbled. The other soldiers looked at him, then turned back to their work.

Nobody in the section particularly liked Morris. He was the difficult one, the one who questioned orders. He'd argued against leaving the camp, even though staying would have meant defying orders. They weren't out to kill him, but he could tell they weren't exactly rushing to find him a medic, either.

"Look up, Morris."

Morris looked up, and instantly regretted it as his head pounded from the change in light. He was a little ways away from the main force. Up in the canopy, he could swear he could see two glowing green balls. They were extremely pretty. Morris stared at them.

"Do you see me, Morris?"

Morris squinted. "No." He certainly didn't see the orgasming young lady he'd been hoping to see. Something was very fishy here. He opened his mouth to say so.

"Oh, please don't say anything yet. Look closer."

The eyes danced. Morris obediently stared longer. He was right next to a hundred soldiers, after all. There was no immediate danger.

Behind the two balls of light, a shape began to become visible. She was a nubile creature, lithe and pale, with great locks of crimson hair that seemed to swirl in the air above her. Her breasts danced in midair, exposed, enticing. She gave him a smile that sent his heart spinning. For a moment, he forgot about the pain. "Good boy."

Morris found himself smiling for a moment. He had done it! He had—

He frowned. 'Good boy'? No little slut spoke to him like that and got away with it. Again, he opened his mouth to speak up. It felt like he was moving at a hair's width a minute. Everything seemed to be moving slower. Everything seemed to be spinning. She just kept smiling at him, subtly toying with one of her nipples.

She really was beautiful. Big tits, slender waist, fiery hair . . . Exactly Morris's type. He hadn't even realized she was his type until now—he'd always liked exotic types, Easterners, little yellow whores who even never dared string a complete sentence to him—but now he knew she most definitely was.

I've gotta have her, he realized. She's mine.

She had tactical value, too. This wasn't some high-on-sex lust sprite, more animal than human—this was a dryad, for sure. And she was being dumb enough to try to seduce him? She was about to learn a thing or two about how the Chosen operated.

And he had a feeling he knew how to teach her. His hand slipped down to his belt, where hung a long metal cylinder. He smiled back at the creature. "You're so pretty. Wouldn't you like to come down here and suck my dick?"

She giggled, her cheeks blushing bright green. "Ooh." Her eyes had definitely traveled down to his crotch for a moment. "So . . . forward. I've never met a man so bold."

He smirked. Despite his injury, which had almost entirely left his mind now, he was definitely feeling stirrings. "You've never met a real man before. Means you've never seen a real cock."

"Heehee!"

"Wouldja like to?" Though he was still looking up at the dryad, out of the corner of his eye, Morris saw the other men looking his way, seeming curious.

"Oh, do speak up!" The dryad smiled. Her eyes darted over towards his fellow soldiers. "I would . . . love for the rest of your companions to overhear us." Her fingers danced over her cunt, visibly slick with her juices.

Little slut! I see what she's trying to do. "I bet you would." Morris kept his voice lower, now. "But I think I'd like to have a private . . . conversation with you right now. Just you and me." You're mine, whore. Don't you think I'll be willing to share a treat like you anytime soon.

The dryad looked at him with a look of unconcealed lust. "I think we'll enjoy that very much."

She was taking the bait. It was time to sink in the hook. Morris began lowering his voice further, taking on a sweet, mellow tone, just as they'd been trained. All Chosen soldiers knew a bit of magical hypnosis. Morris was fairly good at it. "That's right. Just relax. Nice and easy."

"Isn't that sweet." She gave him a dazzling grin. Was it just Morris's imagination, or was she looking a little bit tired? She did seem to be swaying slightly. Or was that him?

"Yeah." Morris squinted his good eye.

"Poor dear." She let out a low sigh. One of her arms dangled down from the branches. Her fingers were twirling in random patterns, making Morris's blurred vision further confused on what to focus on. They annoyed him. He needed to maintain eye contact for the hypnosis to work. "Someone's pricked you. That must be just awful."

"It's good to worry about me," he said soothingly. "But I am going to be fine. Nothing can hurt the Chosen."

Her green eyes glimmered in the dusky light. "But it still hurts, doesn't it?"

He faltered as another pang tore through him. Where the hell was that medic? How long had it been?

"Poor dear," she repeated. She gave a salacious wink. "Would the boy like me to kiss it and make it better?"

"I can think of better things for you to kiss," he said, but his voice was rough, uneven. Focus! In a smoother tone, he continued, "And I think you can, too."

"Mm." The finger flicked, drawing his attention from her eyes for a second. Damn it! "Wouldn't that feel nice? My plump lips, my wet mouth, just . . . ba-a-a-athing you in delight."

"And wouldn't it feel nice," he said, regaining eye contact, "to be on your knees and tasting a manhood?"

She giggled. "Oh, it doesn't taste so nice. A woman's juices, on the other hand . . ."

"But the feeling of submission." He reached down and stroked his hard member through his trousers, smiling encouragingly as her gaze followed his hand. If he couldn't hypnotize her with his vision, perhaps something else would do as a substitute. "The sensation of being conquered. Delicious surrender. You can't help but think about it."

The finger gave a lazy twirl. "So big. So hard."

"Yes . . ."

"So desperate . . ."

She's trying to turn this around. "Yes, you are."

"Don't you think I'm beautiful, Morris?" Her use of his name caught him off-guard. He fumbled for a response, and her eyes sparkled with mischief. "Wouldn't it feel so good to see me between your legs?"

Her twirling fingers approached one of her hanging tits. She rubbed the nipple, causing the breast to jiggle and bounce in midair. She smiled knowingly as he watched it, his headache momentarily fading into the back of his mind. She was so hot. So perfect. Morris had only two wives back home, and now he was sure that he would only ever need one. Those cocksucking lips . . . those glimmering, shiny, beautiful eyes . . .

After a moment, Morris realized she was waiting for a response. "Yes, it . . . it does," he managed. What had she even been asking? "But don't you need to see it?" At least he'd remembered to keep stroking his cock. She was still enraptured by that display. He still had her under control.

"Mm . . . in front of everyone?" Her eyes shone with poorly concealed need. He definitely still had her. He just had to be careful. "So . . . naughty."

"I don't think so," he said, his voice as smooth and slippery as oil. He began to edge away from the rest of the group. He wasn't sure if she was just trying to humiliate him or had some darker design, but regardless, he wasn't falling for it. He was too smart for her. Morris moved several meters away, behind a few trees, then undid the string. His trousers fell down around his ankles.

The dryad's mouth opened. She stared at the object of her lust, eyes widening. He smiled smugly. "Beautiful, isn't it?"

"So . . . big . . ." The finger began to trail down to her cunt. She was clearly realizing she'd been outwitted.

He couldn't allow that. "Do you really want to use that finger on your filthy cunt?" he whispered. "This is a sacred, Chosen cock. If you use the finger, I can't let you touch it."

The finger slowed. She looked at him with wide eyes. "But you're so hard," she hissed, her voice almost plaintive. "I need my mouth around you. My juices sinking into you. You're so hot, so desperate."

He kept stroking his engorged cock. God, her eyes were so gorgeous, so full of life and color. And she was taking it all, hook, like and sinker. He couldn't wait to sink her. He had to have her. Had to. "Yes," he growled, "you need it, don't you? Can't fight it, can you? Little slut. Little whore, little . . . little . . . nnnn."

It suddenly registered to Morris just how aroused by this he was getting. He was hard, alright. He was just about ready to shoot his load.

No! Not yet! He struggled to force the orgasm down. This never happened to him. Normally he could hold onto an edge like this for hours, staring into his wives' brainless eyes, watching them slowly break down, watching them get ready to be taken, so hot, so needy, just like this one was about to . . .

She gave a little smile. "Poor dear," she cooed. "We're so hard, aren't we? So needy."

Her tone—suddenly so smug, so mocking—filled him with rage. He felt his arousal die slightly, and, continuing to stroke, fought to regain his advantage. "We are," he said, slowly. "But you need it more, don't you?"

"Mm . . ." She giggled. "But I can hold on . . . longer. Don't you agree?" On cue, he felt his arousal grow again. He frantically struggled to keep it down.

It was a paradox. He needed to stop stroking so he didn't cum and lose control. But he had to keep stroking to keep the hypnotism going. He knew that. He had to keep stroking. "You have to keep stroking," she said aloud, giggling. He hated that it was true. "But you won't let me touch myself. Does that seem fair to you?"

"You . . . need to learn your place," he managed. "You think you're so strong. But you're just a little greenthumb slut, aren't you? Don't you want to see what happened to your sprites?" Now, that got a reaction. He took a step further into the trees, savoring that stunned look on her face. "You can be with them. Feel what they feel. They're so good now. Such good little sluts. They can make you cum for hours."

"But you just need to cum once," she said, her voice lower. "Cum once for me, little one, and feel your brains just . . . ooooozing out, squishy-squishy. Won't that be nice? You're getting so hard . . . and your mind's getting so soft . . ." 

Her fingers twirled.

"Uh . . . " He blinked his one good eye, trying to clear his head. Everything was turning fuzzy. The blood loss was getting to him. And had he just taken a step forward?

"Look at me, boy." She smiled at him, her expression truly loving. It was a beatific smile. He felt his heart melting at the sight of that smile. She loved him so much. Wanted him so much. "Just keep stroking. Look at my eyes. Ooh, look how they sparkle. Every time my finger twirls, your mind starts twirling, too, doesn't it? Doesn't your cock feel nice? Doesn't it feel nice to just listen to my voice?"

"N-no, I—"

"You just can't think." Her finger did a little loop-de-loop. "So hard to think. So tiring to think. Every time you try to think, my finger spins, doesn't it? And you're just . . . so . . . tired."

He swayed. He was still masturbating, he dimly realized, and his arousal was approaching another peak. He was starting to just want to cum. He'd been waiting to cum for what felt like hours now, staring up at her hot body, breaking her down . . . or something . . .

She smiled at him, and this time, it was impossible to mistake her look of triumph. He felt vines running against his legs, coiling around his ankles, climbing up his wrists. He wanted to cry out, to fight, but he was just so tired. His cock felt so good. 
