 Goblin's Note: In the penultimate chapter of Evergreen Forest, the band sets out to save the last member of their group before the battle between the forest's wicked fey and the invading Chosen can begin. But someone else gets to Anna first.

This story contains cunnilingus, lesbian sex, lots of fey, and some reluctance. Mostly, though, it's buildup for the showdown. Not much for controversy tonight!

~~~~ ~~~~

Pep. Pep. Pep. Pep.

Anna's bare feet made a funny sound when they struck the floor. The stone was smooth, but bumpy, in a way that put her oddly on edge. It was like . . . It was like the time when she was seven and she'd picked a fight with a poison oak hamadryad. That was it. It felt like the stone had a rash.

What was this place?

Anna wasn't an adventurer. She couldn't see in the dark, and she had no idea where she was going. She was just walking straight ahead.

It felt like she was in a hallway. It sounded like she was in a hallway; like there were walls on either side of her. But she wasn't running into them, and she hadn't dared turn to check. In this utter blackness, she knew she could easily get turned around. And she had to get away from that spider's horrid nest as possible.

The Chosen. What the hell were the Chosen doing here? A two-bit cult that had somehow become a the spiritual leader of one of the most important kingdoms on the continent. But this was...this was the forest. The Evergreen Forest. Who would even dare come here?

Schlup-schtep-shmak-shmuk.

Anna's slick fingers sliding within her tingling cunt made a . . . different kind of sound. She had given up on trying to will herself to stop. The Prostitute's Kindness that had hijacked her thought processes made pleasure feel too good to stop. Besides, aside from the—"Oh, gods."—occasional swell in sensation, the masturbation mostly just clarified her thoughts now. It allowed her to keep moving.

She had to get away. Away from the Chosen, with their brainwashing, and their tentacles, and their . . . tentacles . . .

. . . thrusting into their victims, fucking their minds away, filling them with a purpose based solely around sex and joy. . .

Anna shook herself. Had she stopped walking? She couldn't tell, not in this darkness. She forced her feet to keep going. She had to get away from the forest, from the nymphs, from their tongues, their moans and eyes and voices telling her to just lie down, give in, it'll all be okay . . .

"No," she whispered, falling to her knees. She pushed herself back up. "No."

She needed to stop fingering herself. She knew it. But every time she thought about doing that, her fingers went in, or came out, and she lost track of everything except that wonderful slipperiness against her throbbing clit.

Maybe I should just stop, she thought to herself. Catch my breath. Cum a few . . . hundred times. Let some Chosen catch up?

Her left hand started to twitch. Anna had the vague sense that she should hold it back, but her right hand was, well, dreadfully occupied. Before she could react, she felt clammy fingers—her own, she realized, but they didn't feel like her own—touching her forehead.

She let out a cry as an old memory ripped through her mind like a hurricane.

~~~~

Anna took a slow step towards the shimmering clearing. Her feet stuttered across the grass. Her left hand twitched and struggled in its clay cage. Her every body part mutinied against this plan. This was a bad plan. An awful plan.

But she took another step. She could see the nymphs now. That was surely Esca, by the clearing's edge, waiting for her. The pretty young nymph was reclining against an old tree, leisurely pleasuring herself as she waited. Waiting for Anna. Waiting for their new pet.

The nymphs would take Anna and strip away everything she had once been. Everything she could have been. They would take her errant body parts from her, tame them, enslave them as they would enslave her mind until not even her accursed hand could fight them.

Anna took another step. This was a terrible plan. It was the last plan she would ever craft.

~~~~

Anna cried out, falling back on her ass. She shook. What was that? That couldn't. . . she wasn't. . .

She couldn't have possibly gone to the nymphs deliberately. She sifted through her scattered memories, searching for the slightest scrap of contradictory knowledge. Surely they had snatched her off the path. Surely she'd been . . . seduced, tricked, hypnotized. Something! But that period of time remained a void. She couldn't remember anything. The fog seemed peaceful at first, but it became a wall the closer she got to it. The nymphs had worked their magics well. "Dragonshit," she whispered.

She hadn't stopped masturbating.

"Anna," said a calm, collected, almost affectionate voice. "Tsk. Anna. What is a lusty little morsel like you doing in a dark place like this?"

Anna sat very still. "Nictice," she whispered.

"Of course! Ah, but you can't see me, can you?" Anna felt a smooth hand gently cup her breast. "But you can feel me, can't you?"

Anna's lower lip quivered.

"You want to know who you are," the umbra hag cooed in her ear, as hot and seductive as molten gold. "What you are. Don't you? Don't you want to know how to get out of here?"

Anna felt fingers creeping down her belly towards her crotch. "No," she murmured. Her voice sounded weak even to her, alone and echoing in the gloom.

"Oh, yes."

She didn't argue again as the fingers slipped inside.

~~~~

"What is this place, anyways?" Yilra asked, willing her enchanted crutches to bend so she could peer inside the little cave entrance. She hoped it got bigger as one went further in. No way could her crutches stoop all the way through.

"Dunno," said one of the glory dryads, leaning against her to look through as well. Yilra grimaced. Glory dryads were always a bit touchy. "These caves have been here for a long time, love."

"I'll bet it's as old as the Evergreen itself," Nipper said, also staring inside. The catgirl's feline green eyes had become almost all pupil to allow her to see deeper in. "But I'm no cave expert."

"Long as it leads to Anna," Yilra said firmly.

"Yeah, speaking of which." Snatch turned to Calystegia, his arms crossed. "How do we find her once we're down there? You swear there ain't any Chosen that would know about this place, but if we get lost down there trying to find that girl..."

"Oh," Calystegia said, smiling, "I think you'll find that the others can explain that to you. We have everything taken care of." Snatch and Yilra looked between the other three glory dryads as Calystegia put a hand on Nipper's shoulder. "As for me, a deal is a deal, sweet thing."

Nipper went bright red. She gave Yilra a funny look, and Yilra felt her own cheeks burning. She hadn't forgotten the deal Nipper had made. Nipper didn't exactly seem to mind, but she did seem to be wondering if Yilra would.

How did Yilra feel about Nipper now? Scared. Annoyed. Aroused. Like she didn't want to be thinking about this while they were trying to survive. Curious. Different. Different since she'd felt the catgirl's skin against her own. Different since Nipper had had her suckle at that pert, round breast.

She felt different about Nipper now. But they had a job to do and an innocent civilian to save. So she tried not to think about feelings of jealousy when Nipper nodded, dropped to her knees, and leaned into the glory dryad's cunt. Yilra heard licking sounds. She tried not to.

"Oh!" Calystegia's hands shot down, grabbing locks of Nipper's dark hair and pushing her face against her crotch. Her eyes went wide. She slowly sank to the ground, knees buckling beneath her. "Oh, your—your tongue! S-s-so . . . rough . . . little catgirl slut . . ."

"Right," Snatch snapped, his face also a fairly pronounced shade of pink. "Anna. Find. How?"

The other dryads were watching the scene intently. One of them looked over, blinking heavy, painted blue eyelids. "Hm? Oh, yes." Yilra noticed the morning glory dryad's breasts were slowly growing.

The glory dryads were beginning to 'bloom'. Was it already morning? It had been early evening when she'd saved Snatch and Anna from the nymphs. It had been a single night. That either felt way too long or not nearly long enough for what had happened since then.

She tried to let this disconcerting fact distract her from the dryad's inflating parts as the dryad continued. "Yes. Well, yes. Here, love." She reached over, her fingers dancing over Calystegia's bare shoulder and dipping behind her neck. Calystegia's eyes were closed, her neck craned upwards as though experiencing rapture. Her lips were moving, but no sound was coming out save the occasional wispy gasp.

The other dryad delicately removed a delicate necklace from her leader's neck. She held it out to Yilra, just barely out of reach. She gave a slow, flirtatious smile. "We'll miss you, dearest ranger."

"What does it do?" Snatch asked. He was eying the dryads around him with evident confusion. Apparently, he was only just realizing what Yilra had meant earlier when she'd said, 'They get bigger.'

The necklace itself was of a very thin, silvery chain. It seemed to possess an odd fluidity to it, even considering the fine links. Was that blessed silver? Cursed silver? Yilra couldn't believe it. That sort of antique was worth a fortune these days. The centerpiece was a dangling pinwheel-looking thing, also made of silver. It looked sort of like a compass left out in the sun too long.

"It detects arousal," the dryad said, smiling. She raised it up and slowly moved it around Calystegia, whose hips were bucking as Nipper ate her out with a moaning, slurping audibility that had Yilra biting her lip.

The centerpiece seemed to spin. Distracted as she was, Yilra easily could have mistaken it for spinning. But it did not spin. The metal actually twisted and warped, like a liquid, reforming so that the longest point was again pointed towards the pair.

"Oh!" Calystegia managed, falling to the ground complete. "Oh! Oh, yes!"

The dryad with the necklace chuckled, again holding it out for Yilra. Again, it was just out of reach. "The nymphs' dear toy will be awfully horny by now, with what you did to her." She winked. "It's a clever little thing. It can lead you through any maze. They say succubi used this to track down worrysome prey after 'kissing' them."

The 'kiss' of a succubus was a bounty hunter's mark. Such a hunter sought a different sort of bounty, but the end result was almost always the same.

"Cursed silver," Yilra breathed. Practically at her feet, Nipper had seized Calystegia around the waist, quelling her joyous squirms to continue the assault. "Cursed damn silver. I'll be damned. That's a . . . a real dumpster, it is."

"'Dumpster'? Sounds like you're getting your old mask back on," the dryad said, giggling. "You've been talking like a normal person for so long, but the cant's gotta come back sometime, hm?"

"How's that?"

"Go on. Talk to me like a dirty peasant thief, then." The dryad pouted her lush, sensuous violet lips. "You know you want to."

"How'd you get this?" Yilra demanded. She wasn't going to let quips about her accent stop her here. She hadn't seen cursed or blessed silver in . . . ever. That sort of thing was from the Good Times, before the . . . She shivered at the thought. Before the gods died. Her confusion at the silver's presence overrode even the sounds of Nipper's and Calystegia's lust.

The dryad gestured to the pair, sniffing. "I hope Caly's getting her money's worth. I can think of plenty of better ways to claim a tongue than giving up this kind of treasure, but I suppose those kinds of ways would be bad. Wrong. Naughty, even." She licked her lips.

One of the other dryads looked up sharply from her ardent masturbation as she witnessed Nipper's efforts. "Arvensis! Mind yourself."

"Oh, filth and wisdom." Arvensis rolled her eyes. "Well, then, Yil. We got it from the cave you're about to go into. That place is from the Good Times, you see." She dangled the necklace enticingly. Both of them knew it was outside Yilra's reach for a reason. It was too far from Yilra and too close to Arvensis for a reason. Yilra knew she was being baited. "So, you want it?"

Yilra glared. "You wish. Snatch?"

Snatch snatched.

"Hey!" Arvensis protested, as the closer thief grabbed the necklace from her fingers. "You were supposed to lean in and—oh, you two are no fun."

"We're just trying—" Yilra paused, as Nipper's and Calystegia's moans and cries reached a screaming crescendo, "—we're just trying to save a friend."

"Hmph." Arvensis rolled her eyes. "You finally realize you're a lezzy and you're 'busy'. We've been waiting for years, you know. Figures." She shrugged, turning to the others. "We done here?"

"Aaah!" Calystegia at last went limp. "Oh, fuck," she breathed, "oh, fuck. One more go? Pleeease?"

Snatch and Yilra watched as Nipper slowly disentangled herself, releasing Calystegia's hips and climbing up. She idly wiped a hand across her check, then, like a cat cleaning itself, started licking the juices from her hand as she made eye contact with Yilra. "We ready?"

Yilra stared back. She swallowed. "We ready."

Nipper swallowed, too. Then she grinned and sprang to her feet. "Great! Let's go!"

Without warning, the catgirl dropped to all fours and sprang through the cave entrance, vanishing from sight.

"Fuck!" Snatch, perhaps more out of startled instinct than anything else, hunched down and ran in after.

Yilra scowled. She started to will the crutches to crouch when she felt a shaky, sweaty hand travel down her neck to her shoulder. She almost whirled and decked the owner of that hand, just on reflex. But one had to understand how fey worked. To them, this was hello.

"The necklace," Calystegia said, her voice hoarse—probably from all the screaming. "The necklace."

"What about it?" Yilra asked. She didn't turn around. She knew if she turned around, she'd find her face mere inches away from Calystegia's own. She knew she could control herself, but fey only got more and more aroused the more they came. She wasn't sure Calystegia would be able to if she saw how aroused Yilra herself was right now. And Calystegia was one of the most honorable High Fey Yilra knew. The others? Less so.

"It's cursed silver," Calystegia said. "We're leaving now, my love. See you again, I hope, but before I do, you should know. That necklace has a 'history'. It corrupts non-fey wearers. Fey, too, but . . . slower. Slower." She coughed. "My mind will doubtless start clearing now that it's gone, frankly. You should be careful. It works faster on humans. Elves. Catgirls. It works faster. Faster. Fuck. Fuck."

Yilra heard a faint squishing sound behind her, accompanied by little giggles, and realized that the other dryads were pleasuring Calystegia right now. She definitely shouldn't turn around.

Instead, she gave a curt nod. "Thank you, Caly."

Yilra allowed herself to fall forward until she was at an almost horizontal angle with the ground. She looked ahead and told her taloncrutches to jump.

~~~~

Crypta stood at the edge of the bridge and stared straight ahead. She swallowed.

" . . . Nope. I can't do it."

"You've gotta!" said Airyel, her eyes widening. The lust sprite's ridiculously plump, pillow-like lips curved downwards in a frown. "You gotta go over there an' stop those awful men!"

Crypta turned to Airyel. Every lust sprite pack had its little 'theme'. Airyel's pack had one of her favorites. Big lips, big eyes, big breasts. Couldn't go wrong there. Her skin was very pale, covered in tattoo-like images of crawling green vines. And while all lust sprites had magic that could get annoying at times, these ones' spells just made you more sensitive to their touches. Like catgirls, but without all the entitled delusions about 'free will'.

"I can't," she said simply. She turned to her little harem—present were three of Airyel's 'tattoo' pack, two of the 'succubus' pack, and five of the 'blonde' pack. The 'succubi' weren't exactly her favorites, but the Wild East pack had apparently finally caught that damn spritelion and would not be joining them on the assault. "I just can't. You'll have to go without me. Good luck!

They squealed their protests, but she wouldn't hear it. She was not crossing running water. She'd thought she could, but she couldn't. So she wouldn't. And that was that.

"Come now, Crypta," said a familiar voice. Stylis emerged, flanked on all sides by blond-haired sprites in little red miniskirts. Despite her nerves, Crypta smirked. Her Stylis had always had a thing for blondes. "We both know we have to get over there."

"I won't!" Crypta snapped. "The deal's off!"

"And your plan?"

"The plan?" Crypta shrugged. "The plan was dumb. Dumb. It's off, too. Those orders are belayed!"

"I know it's gonna be rough once we get to the edge, Crypta," Stylis said, keeping her head bowed deferentially, "but you seemed certain it would work earlier. You even told us to ignore any orders you gave once you saw the river, remember? Maybe we should try it."

"Uh-uh." Crypta could feel her heart pounding in her chest. "Nope. No. Not happening. Dumb plan."

Dryads hated running water. A stream could be endured. A creek was difficult, but with no other choice, a dryad could bear it. But the Wraithstream?

The river below roared like a dragon, crashing against rocks, screaming against the walls of the great chasm that housed it. Just being this close was too much. It felt like it was just precious instants from surging over the edges of the chasm and swallowing her up.

Earlier, she had been so sure this would work. She had been so confident in her plan. But now?

"You try it first," she demanded of Stylis. "If you're so sure."

Stylis gave her a luscious smile, her green eyes dazzling in the dim morning glow. She tossed her crimson hair back and turned to the sprites. "Well, girls? I give you permission."

The lust sprites squealed with glee as they swarmed her. Crypta took advantage of the distraction to edge away from the river, but she watched intently. She loved watching Stylis at work.

Stylis and Crypta both liked to wear flowing pink silk robes. They were comfortable, complimentary, and easy to remove for an orchid dryad in a hurry. That robe was gone in a flash. The sprites bore an unresisting Stylis to the ground, bathing her beautiful breasts in licks and kisses and nibbles, rubbing their bodies against her toned legs. Stylis moaned as two of them took turns lapping at her pussy, giggling to each other. The blondes giggled a lot.

Crypta shrugged off her own robes and began to masturbate.

Stylis's hips pumped up and down as one of the pussylicking sprites, her wavy locks of blond hair already slick with juices, climbed up Stylis's body and straddled Stylis's face. She started to moan and gasp as Stylis started to lick. "Oh! Like—omigosh—ooooh yesssss—"

Crypta beckoned a few of her own sprites over, still watching the show. They pranced over—both members of the 'tattoo' pack—and, at her direction, fastened their wonderful, soft mouths on each of her breasts. They started kissing and suckling, moaning against her. Their moans felt wonderful. Crypta slipped two fingers in, frigging herself off with a skill born of centuries of experience. She watched as Stylis, awash in pleasure, was slowly surrounded by the sprites not engaged in keeping her 'occupied'. Oh, fuck, they have her.
