 Ch. 8 - Unbreakable Bonds and Forbidden Passions 

Robin sat at his desk, reviewing the week's reports from his lieutenants. All seemed to be under control, though there was still a great deal of uncertainty surrounding the unexpected death of his brother and niece last week. As he continued to read, a knock came at his door. 

"Come." 

"Father," said Geoffrey. "I would speak with you." 

"Ah, what is it, my son?" Robin replied, looking up from his work. 

"I shall come straight to the point. There is a man I know who wishes to meet with you." 

"I see. And what business has he with me?" 

"I know not for certain. He only says he has a proposition for you." 

"Proposition?" Robin asked, rubbing his fingers through beard. "Pray tell, who is this man?" 

"I met him in the tavern last evening. We talked for hours on end of our homelands and families. He seems a good, honorable fellow. He said his name is Lord Mordred, and hails from the lands east of here." 

"Hmm... very well, I will meet with him. Is he here now?" 

"Yes, Father." 

"Send him in, alone if you would." 

"Of course." 

A few moments after his son exited, a tall man entered, a tiny smile on his face. His black hair was well groomed and flowed down past his shoulders, and his chin had about two days worth of stubble growing from it. He stood next to the chair in front of Robin's desk and introduced himself. 

"Robin, Duke of Saxon, it is a true pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am Lord Mordred." 

"Well met. Please, take a seat." 

"My thanks." 

"My son tells me you have a proposition of some sort to discuss with me?" 

"Indeed. Let me begin by saying that I am aware of your... disagreements with your neighbor, Camelot. In particular, I know that you and King Arthur have never seen eye-to-eye on many things." 

"Be that as it may, how is this any of your concern?" Robin asked, feigning ignorance for the time being. He stood, strolling about his office. "Oh, pay me no mind. I pace quite often; it aids in my thinking. Please continue." 

"Of course. It is my concern because I too am at odds with Camelot. So much so that I have had no choice but to go to war with King Arthur." 

"Really? First I have heard of it," Robin said, walking behind Mordred's chair. 

"Indeed. Make no mistake; fighting against Arthur's tyranny is a costly endeavor, both in finances and in manpower. A recent battle has cost me dearly, and I need reinforcements. As we are united in our dreams of a world without King Arthur, my hope is that you would agree to aid me." 

"Hmm... but then, what reason would I have to aid the man who ordered my brother's death!?" Robin shouted, pulling a dagger and placing it against Mordred's throat from behind. 

"I assure you, my intentions are pure and noble. I am not your enemy," Mordred replied, not flinching a bit. 

"Admit it! You murdered my brother!" 

"I did. But why is this so upsetting to you?" 

"Are you mad? He was FAMILY!!" 

"Ah, but did his death not make you the sole owner of all the lands of Saxon?" Mordred asked with a grin. "I know everything, Robin. You are the eldest of two sons, yet your father loved you both equally. He gave you both equal ownership of these lands... until I simplified the problem for you." 

"Do not think that the things I gain in Byron's passing are worth his death." 

"But my friend, was your brother not seeking to align his men with Camelot, and marry his daughter off to one of Arthur's men?" 

"My brother and I may have disagreed in regards to Camelot, but I blame him not for wishing to ensure dear Madeleine's future security. God rest their souls..." 

"Perhaps, but I notice that you still have not avenged your brother's death," Mordred chuckled. 

"Oh? Allow me to rectify that!" 

"Release him, or you will die," came an unfamiliar voice. 

Robin turned his head, keeping his dagger on Mordred, and saw a beautiful middle-aged woman with pale skin and long, raven hair. 

"And who might you be?" Robin inquired. 

"She is my mother," Mordred said, "and unless you obey her instructions, you will die before you can even grip the dagger tightly enough to slit my throat. She is, after all, a Fey." 

"A Fey? You... you are a sorceress?" 

"One of the most powerful in existence. Now, release my son." 

Thinking for a moment, Robin eventually stepped back from Mordred's chair. 

"Thank you," Mordred said, standing to face the man. 

"What is it you want?" Robin demanded. 

"Your army. Give me command of your forces, and I will at last be strong enough to end the reign of Arthur," Mordred said. 

"And if I refuse?" 

"Then I shall kill you and level all of Saxon," Morgan replied. "Every last man, woman, and child in your lands will die a slow, agonizing death by fire. When I finish, the lands will be so scorched that they shall never bear crops again!" 

"You will do no such thing! Arthur would send his forces after you! Merlin himself would come to end you!" Robin protested. 

"Circumstances have changed," Morgan replied. "And besides, I have no fear of Merlin. He is old and weak." 

"You evil witch... and just how did you manage to fool my son into thinking you were honorable, Lord Mordred?" Byron asked. 

"Come now, we both know how gullible your son is," Mordred laughed. 

"Yes... I should have raised him better." Robin took a few steps forward, standing in Mordred's face. "You will swear that my people will come to no harm by your hand or orders, regardless of the outcome of your war with Camelot. Agreed?" 

"But of course! I have more important matters to deal with. None of this is personal, Robin; it is simply the price of going to war." 

With a final sigh, Robin stuck out his hand. "We have a deal..." 

"Done!" Mordred replied, shaking Robin's hand with a smile. "I shall be at the Boar's Tail Tavern; find me there when your men are ready. Until next time." 

Robin made no sound or expression as the pair left his office. Once they were alone in the hallway, Mordred turned to his mother. 

"How long have we?" 

"Not long. Your sentries have spied men tracking us; they suspect they are from Camelot." 

"Were they able to catch them?" 

"No," Morgan replied. "They must be the best scouts Camelot has to offer, as they disappeared without a trace." 

"How long ago was this?" 

"Yesterday morning." 

"Damn... assuming they reported straight to Camelot, we have four days to prepare, at the very most. Very well, ready the rest of my men. I shall ensure Robin's men are up to snuff." 

***** 

"David... when I return home with you, will you wish me to meet your family?" 

Dave shook himself more awake, still enjoying the afterglow of his most recent romp around the sheets with Madeleine. 

"Of course I will. My family such a big part of my life, and they will want to meet my first serious girlfriend." 

"Wonderful! But... would they disapprove of me?" Madeleine asked. 

"I doubt it. Of course, we would have to craft a believable background story for you; I have no intention of telling them that my intended hails from tenth century England! But when they see how happy we make each other, you will be welcomed as a member of the family." 

"That sounds delightful. It will be a blessing to have a family once more..." Madeleine said wistfully. 

"My parents are Jonathan and Sara. I know for a fact you will like them. While I have lived in a large city for the last several years, they have lived in a small farming community for the last three decades. Mom is a teacher in the local school and Dad is an agricultural economist, specializing in dairy." 

"I see. I understand 'teacher' of course, but not the rest of it," Madeleine said with a giggle. 

"Basically, Dad works as a financial advisor for many of the local farmers, particularly dairy farmers. Dairy is a modern term for cow milk and everything made from it. I could not explain any further than that, though; agriculture was never my strong suit. Probably why I go to a technology-focused school." 

"You are a man of the future, your father is a man of the present. Both sorts of men are needed to make a strong kingdom," Madeleine surmised. "Are you the only son of Jonathan and Sara Brighton?" 

"I am the only son, but I do have a sister, Cindy. She is a few years younger than me, and just began her studies my school, Georgia Tech." 

"Is she beautiful?" 

"She has never had difficulty capturing the attention of the boys around her," Dave replied with a grin. "Still, she is almost as smart as I am, and quite ambitious, so her outer beauty can often fool people. I imagine she will like you once she gets to know you; Cindy always said she wanted a sister growing up." 

Just then, they were startled by a knock at the door. 

"Shit... Madeleine, hide in the closet. Here, take your dress." 

As she hid herself, Dave quickly materialized his clothes back onto his body and straightened his hair before opening the door. 

"Good evening, David." 

"Merlin, how are you? Please, come in." 

"I am well. I apologize for the lateness of my visit. I do hope I did not... interrupt your time with Madeleine," he said with a grin. 

"Oh! No, nothing like that. She is here, though. Are you alone?" 

"I am. Arthur is quite busy with his preparations, so he will not be joining us." 

"Good." Dave then knocked on the closet door. "Madeleine, you may come out once you are decent. It is only Merlin." 

The two men took a seat at the small table in the corner. They pulled over a third chair for Madeleine, who soon emerged from the closet clad in her hunter green dress. 

"What brings you here so late?" Dave asked. 

"Our scouts have just returned. Mordred's forces are massing in Saxon, about two days away from here. As I will be departing with Arthur's army in the morning, I wanted one last chance to commune with my pupil." 

"Thank you. I feel like I have grown by leaps and bounds over the last three days, thanks in large part to your tutelage," Dave replied. 

"You are too kind, but I merely provided guidance. You are the one who actually accomplished these feats. To think you have already mastered the invisibility and intangibility spells! Simply incredible!" 

"It was easy once you gave your example of how you do it. They are in essence the same spell. In the invisibility spell, I make my body intangible to light only, while in the intangibility spell, I make my body intangible to everything except light. Once you explained that, the rest was easy." 

"It amazes me how similar the two of you are," Madeleine said. "Were Merlin a younger man, it would be difficult for me to prefer one over the other." 

"Ouch, not sure how I feel about that," Dave said, pretending to be hurt. 

"Rest assured, I have no intention of stealing away your love, David," Merlin laughed. "Ah, I shall miss these pleasant moments while I am away. War is an ugly thing, even when necessary. There is no time for such simple pleasures." 

"Why must it come to war?" Madeleine wondered. "Is there no other way? Why can Arthur and Mordred not come to an agreement without bloodshed?" 

"On the surface, it seems simple," Merlin replied. "Mordred is Arthur's son, yet Arthur will not grant him the throne of Camelot, for he knows of Mordred's blackened heart. But the reason that they could not come to an agreement outside of war goes much deeper. Mordred thinks Arthur a hypocrite. Mordred's heart is so blackened, so twisted, that he cannot believe truly decent and honorable men exist. In his mind, every decent man is simply good at hiding his true nature. Mordred would rather embrace what he knows himself to be than become the hypocrite he sees Arthur as." 

"But Arthur actually is as decent and honorable as he portrays himself?" Dave asked. 

"He has his flaws, as do we all, but yes, he is. Even in his mistakes, Arthur works for what is right and just for all Camelot, not merely himself," Merlin replied. "I have known him since his childhood, and he has grown into one of the most splendid men the world shall ever know. As a boy, he thought of nothing but fighting and questing, the things he saw as knightly. But as he grew, he came to understand what would become his core philosophy: right makes right. It is what he lives by, even to this day." 

"Such men shall always win the day," Madeleine said with a smile. 

Dave grimaced in silence at this, knowing the outcome of the war. Merlin caught his eye and nodded a bit, showing the same understanding. 

Seeking to change the subject, Dave asked, "Merlin, is there any way we can continue to communicate while you are away? It would make things much simpler, after all." 

"An excellent thought, David. Alas, the only way to accomplish this is with a bit of rare and powerful sorcery known as the mind merge." 

Mind merge?! What is this, Star Trek? 

"Er, how exactly is this mind merge performed?" Dave asked. 

"In essence, this technique is one that allows a sorcerer to impart the knowledge of some of his past experiences upon another. Normally, it is done with great specificity, imparting only a particular event that the sorcerer wishes to convey to the target of the spell. However, it is possible for a sorcerer to perform a complete merging of minds between himself and another. The end result of this is that the two individuals involved each carry a piece of the other's mind within their own. It requires incredible trust, for an untrustworthy individual would be able to abuse this and do the other harm. Thus, a complete mind merge is rarely performed; I myself have never done it with anyone. In my experience, I can only recommend it when a sorcerer takes a spouse in holy matrimony, and even then, their trust must be absolute." 

"And this technique allows the two individuals to communicate in their minds?" Dave asked. 

"Indeed, no matter the distance. But only in the case of a complete mind merger can this be done. And as I said, it is not a technique to be performed lightly. You must trust the other person implicitly, and they you," Merlin cautioned. 

"I see... what would you think were I to suggest I attempt this technique with Madeleine?" 

Merlin chuckled. "I would not be surprised in the least. Once I learned of your relationship, I knew it would only be a matter of time before you would want to merge with her. Still, proceed with care. There is no true risk in this spell, not in performing it at least. If it fails, it fails with no negative consequences, and you can try again at another time. The risk comes in choosing the right person. One false step in this regard can be disastrous." 

"Are you suggesting I am not the right person for him?" Madeleine asked sharply. 

"Not at all, my dear. I have foreseen your relationship. Though the details elude me, it is clear that you will build a strong marriage and a loving family together, Madeleine. Forgive me, but I simply would be doing my pupil a disservice if I did not fully communicate the inherent risks this technique presents." 

"Of course. I apologize for my accusation. My father always said I was sometimes too strong-willed for my own good." 

"You will fit right in where I come from," Dave chuckled. "What is your recommendation, Merlin? Try the spell with you before you leave?" 

"No, there is no need to rush, David. You and Madeleine should take some time to read your Incantus and find out more about this spell. Discover the effect it will have on you and the requirements to make it work before deciding if you wish to attempt it. Take your time with this." 

"Alright, I will sleep on it at least." 

"Good. Now, if you will excuse me. I have preparations to make before we depart in the morning." 

"Good luck, Merlin. And please, do not get yourself killed out there!" Dave grinned. 

"Believe me, Mordred's forces have no idea what they are in for," Merlin replied as he left. 

Though Dave began to immediately flip through the pages of his Incantus for the spell Merlin had mentioned, Madeleine had other ideas. 

"David, it sounds as though this spell Merlin spoke of requires the two of us to be as close as possible, yes?" 

"Sounds like it," Dave agreed without looking up. 

"I must admit, I feel that I am not as close to you as I should be. I doubt the spell would work in my current state of mind." Leaning down from behind him, Madeleine began to kiss Dave's neck. "Perhaps we should do something... to ensure we are as close as can be," she whispered. 

Madeleine discarded her dress and slipped back under the covers of their bed, beckoning Dave to join her with a smoldering look on her face. He closed his Incantus for the time being and magically threw his clothes off. 

Well, back to work... 

***** 

As the sun rose over the horizon, Arthur stood before his assembled forces. His army, now over one thousand strong, appeared more than capable of handling the task now set before them. Still, he sensed their apprehension. Camelot had enjoyed a period of unprecedented peace before Mordred's betrayal, and many of these men had never known war. There was much work to do, but Arthur had faith that his experienced veterans would come through for him. Clearing his throat, Arthur rode up to the front of the army to address them. 

"Men, we stand today on the precipice of war. Some of you have never known war. There are those of you who may have visions of glorious battle with spoils and rewards awaiting you, but I know the truth to be far different. War is one of the worst things the world has to offer. It is ugly. It is divisive. It is contrary to our purpose, as mankind's purpose is to unite, not divide. Why, then, do we now go to war so willingly? 

"We go to war to do battle with a man with so little regard for human life and so little concern for anything other than himself that war is the only answer. It pains me to say it, but it is the truth. Lord Mordred desires nothing less than the throne of Camelot. I have thus far denied him this, many times at that. A kingdom ruled by Mordred would be wrought with destruction, for its king would recognize only power and might. He would undo all the gains we have made in leading with righteousness in mind, not with power. 

"My friends, we cannot allow this to happen! Were he to gain the throne of Camelot, would his desires be at last satiated? Nay! Mordred will never be satiated so long as there are others who escape his influence of power. We are righteous in this war. Look." Drawing his sword, Arthur held it high above his head. "The great Excalibur shines with a holy light. It knows of our quest, and it knows our cause to be just. By the grace of God Himself, we shall be victorious! WE RIDE!!" 

The men roared their approval, readying their weapons and supplies for departure. Pleased with his rousing speech, Arthur turned to Lancelot. 

"Keep our home safe, my friend." 

"I shall," Lancelot replied. "The gates shall remain closed at all times until your return. We have enough supplies to last months." 

"Excellent. Merlin shall return of his own volition periodically, so let him know of anything you may require in my absence." 

"Of course. And please be careful, Sire. Do not do anything reckless out there." 

"I would never!" Arthur laughed. "Still, as long as I have Excalibur at my side, I fear no enemy, no matter how strong." 

Lancelot watched for a while as the army marched off into the distance, led by Arthur, Kay, Bedivere, and Merlin. How he wished he could be with them, at last ending Mordred's acts of evil in glorious battle. Alas, his place is here in Camelot, it seemed. Why David was so insistent on this point he could not be sure, but there was no changing Arthur's mind after Merlin agreed. Once the army had disappeared over the horizon, Lancelot ordered the drawbridge raised and the gates closed. 
