 [I am grateful for all the comments. Sorry it takes me so long to write at the moment. Please bear with me.]

[The note at the beginning on Chapter 4 says what has happened so far in the story. In Chapter 4 itself, Ezra was persuaded (quite easily) to take all the fertile Woodlanders in monthly turns as his bedmates, with the hope of impregnating them, starting that night with his nurse, Annela.]

*****

It was next morning and Annela was lying on Ezra in her favourite position, her legs astride him, her bottom pushed against his stiff upright cock.

She had been out as soon as she woke and came back feeling cold, so she crept into bed quietly, careful not to wake him. Still feeling cold, she snuggled up close, rousing him from a pleasant dream.

"Good morning," he said. "You're cold. Come here. I'll warm you up."

She climbed onto him and he held her tightly. Soon she was warm again and lifted her head from his chest to smile at him. Though she liked the feel of his stiff cock against her bottom, she didn't think she'd be up to repeating last night's performance.

"Darling," she said. "Do you mind if we don't have sex this morning? I'll make it up to you tonight."

"Of course. You rest for now."

She was pleased he was so considerate.

Annela's first time of sex with a man had been strange, a little painful at first, but amazing over all. At times, it had given her more pleasure than she had ever known from sex. She had been in ecstasy so often she lost count of her climaxes but, even so, some things need time to recover. Was it fair on Ezra, she wondered? Ignorant of the sexual customs of Earth, she would have had sex with him if he had insisted.

"I don't want your balls to start aching again," she said thoughtfully. "I could wank you, if you want."

"I want," was his gruff reply.

Annela took his cock in her hand and began to rub it up and down as she had done last night. She made slow and steady movements, feeling it get even stiffer, watching its head turn a deep red.

She knelt beside him and leaned over to kiss his chest as she made long slow strokes. Ezra groaned happily. He was nicely aroused and loving the feel of her slow but firm treatment.

She swapped hands so she could cup his balls, careful not to squeeze as she had been warned. That was even nicer for him. Her hands were warm and soft.

She was not as strong with her left hand as with her right and she tired after a few minutes, so she swapped her hands over again.

"Go a little faster, darling," he said, lying back and breathing deeply.

Annela wanked him faster, one hand flat on his belly the other pistoning his cock. Now she tired more quickly and swapped her hands over again.

It was an erotic experience for her because Ezra was enjoying it so much. His legs were spread slightly and he bucked his pelvis the way he had done when she rode him last night. His cock was red and large. A small dribble of clear semen appeared at its tip.

"Oh, God! Darling, that's wonderful," he groaned, his hands involuntarily clenching and releasing.

Annela's hand tired once more. She swapped over for the last time and wanked Ezra fast. She felt his orgasm start as a pulse in the base of his cock, swelling the tube that ran its length. Then, as Ezra arched, shut his eyes and groaned "Oh, God!" again, cum erupted from his cock in quick spurts that shot into the air, followed by slower surges that flowed over her hand.

She wanked the last few drops out and then sat back, pleased with herself. She felt his cock soften slowly as Ezra relaxed from his peak.

"Hmm! I enjoyed that," she said. "Did I do it right?"

Ezra was breathing heavily and only nodded with a grateful smile.

"So that's what your cock did in me last night?"

He nodded and smiled again.

The first spurts of semen had fallen on Ezra's chest and belly, the rest was on Annela's hand and dripping into his pubic hair. Intrigued, she lifted her hand to her mouth and licked a small drop from a knuckle with the tip of her tongue. It was slightly salty but not unpleasant.

She looked for something to wipe the semen from her hand but Ezra said.

"Rub it in. It's good for your skin."

She did so, lathering it into her chest. Then she shepherded as much fluid as she could into a little puddle on his belly and lay on him, rubbing the semen into their bare skins. He was delighted.

"You're an amazing woman, Annela."

"I know," she said, rising up off him, rubbing the last of his semen into the cup of her breast. "Come on, it's time to get up for breakfast. I think it's going to be an eventful day!"

They rinsed themselves off from the night bucket and, after separate visits to the crapper, were the last to breakfast.

At breakfast, knowing it must feel strange for them, Mirselene had exercised her authority to prevent Annela and Ezra from being pestered by the inquisitive women. As soon as the breakfast plates were cleared away, however, Mirselene called Wildchild, Carlin, Tamar, Pepi and Ezra together, saying:

"I want you to be our foraging party this morning. We need mushrooms, nuts and berries. You should also check if the figs are ripe and come back via the banana plantation. Carlin, you know the route, so you take the lead."

"Yes, Madam," the girl said and went to collect shoulder baskets for the troop.

Hitching up his basket and preparing to follow Carlin out of the camp, Ezra smiled knowingly at Annela, mouthing "Good luck." She understood and smiled back warily. Ezra knew why he and the girls were being sent away. It was so the Woodlanders could grill Annela about last night's events. They all wanted to know what sex was like with a man.

Annela had never previously hesitated while talking about sex. It was a natural process and not a cause for shame or embarrassment. In fact, openness about sex was one of the things that prevented jealous gossip from rending the small close-knit community into warring factions, threatening the survival of the whole community. It was curious to Annela, therefore, as she sat down on the dais next to Mirselene, ready to be questioned, that she suddenly felt a reluctance to describe in detail everything she and Ezra had done together.

She did not know what it was about sex with a man that was different, that she wanted to keep private, but she had no time for self-examination because Mirselene quickly got matters going when she asked what Ezra looked like naked. Annela could answer this. It was only biology, of course. For obvious reasons, they were all interested in his penis. Annela described its workings in detail and even told them what semen was like - slightly warm, gooey and mostly white - but again found a reluctance to tell them she had tasted it. She also made a mental note to tell Parvinder she must have misremembered the biology book because there was only one tube in the penis that she could feel or see.

Annela was happy to reveal all her own feelings when Ezra kissed and fucked her but she blushed when someone asked whether Ezra had licked her pussy and whether his tongue was rough or smooth. She also skirted over the description of how she masturbated Ezra that morning.

So the morning stretched out with probing questions and demands for more detail. Annela described the difference between sex with a man and sex with a woman but side-stepped the question which kind of sex was better, saying that she couldn't judge on so little experience. Secretly she already knew the answer: she wanted Ezra again but she didn't think she'd want another woman again.

***

Two hours since breakfast and the foragers were idling along their route, having gathered hazelnuts, mushrooms and the first ripe figs. They were in no hurry to return. Tamar chatted happily (to herself or the wide world, it didn't matter), while Carlin was content to listen and Pepi interjected random statements, apropos of nothing. Wildchild scanned the trees for birds to aim at and Ezra was self-absorbed, happily replaying the events of last night and this morning in his head.

What amazed him was that Annela had been so loving and compliant. He had learned last night how easy it was to put her at her ease sexually. It surprised him that there had been only one instance of apprehension, until he remembered that the Samothean women had grown up knowing about men only from history lessons. Their sexual encounters were with other women and there was an openness about sexuality that mixed-sex societies could not maintain.

Even the gentle Woodlanders felt love, heartbreak and jealousy in their friendships, of course, but there seemed to be nothing like the passion-led sexual conflict that, in Ezra's opinion, made so many Earth-women, even in the most liberated societies, impossible to live with.

Thus occupied, the foragers wandered on through the dappled greensward as the temperature rose and the forest floor dried out. Bird-chatter accompanied their meandering, interrupted by the occasional whoosh of an arrow loosed at the canopy by Wildchild, causing excitement among its feathered denizens but no actual harm. They reached the banana plantation after nearly three hours and with little room left in the baskets. Ezra pulled a hand of bananas down for Wildchild to cut with her knife. So, with full baskets, it was time to return to the camp.

At their leisurely pace it took an hour to walk home. En route, a rare event excited the foragers. When there was only a hundred yards to go, Pepi ran ahead so she could be the first to announce it.

Though Annela and Ezra had made love for two hours last night, yet four hours later the tribeswomen were still sitting around the dais, grilling Annela about sex with Ezra while they cut vegetables, wove baskets or performed other chores. Pepi's shrill piping was a welcome interruption to her.

"We saw swans!" Pepi shouted as soon as she cleared the tree-line around the camp. "Mummy, we saw swans!"

"How many?" Mirselene asked, rising from her seat.

"Four," Pepi said, holding up five fingers.

"Good. What direction were they flying?"

Pepi pointed in a direction behind Mirselene. The others had now caught up and Mirselene looked quizzically at Carlin for her to corroborate Pepi's story.

"They flew west, Madam," Carlin answered.

"Hmm. Perhaps they'll settle on Duck Lake. Sharne, how prepared are we for the hunt?"

"We need to check the bows, strings and arrows," Sharne answered. "We can do so this afternoon, though it may take another day if we need to make repairs."

Mirselene thought for a moment.

"If the swans settled on the lake, then they'll probably still be there in two days; but I think we should try to hunt tomorrow if we can. Ladies!" she commanded with a certain relish in her voice: "Go fetch your bows!"

All the women planned to hunt except Lenta, who could not walk that far. Soon the camp was full of women stringing and carefully flexing their bows, bending them a small amount at a time to prevent the bows snapping when fully flexed.

Sharne distributed arrows and then set to checking a pile of spare bows and a basket of bowstrings while the women took their places at the edge of the meadow to practise shooting. Luckily, Bessie the cow was in her enclosure and no chickens had escaped their run into the meadow.

Dagma patrolled behind the line of archers, a critical sergeant lending expert advice to those who needed their stance or technique corrected. Soon she had the satisfaction of seeing most of the women shoot the entire length of the meadow.

One whose arrows were falling short was Carlin. Dagma went over to see what help she could give but the girl was getting the most out of her small bow and was not yet strong enough for a full-size bow. Here Dagma noticed Tamar, who did not have a bow but was passing arrows to Wildchild and Carlin. Dagma fetched the smallest practise bow, flexed it a few times and then offered it to Tamar, who said:

"I've tried with Carlin's bow but I'm not strong enough to pull the string all the way back."

"It's not all strength, Tamar, some of it's technique. Show me what you can do."

Tamar loaded an arrow and pulled the string as hard as she could but it went only halfway back.

"See!" she said.

"You're starting too upright. Hold the bow down in front of you. Lean forward and bend your knees just a little." With a firm hand on the girl's back, she guided Tamar into the position. "Start pulling the string back." Tamar got the string half-way again. "Now straighten up as you pull the rest of the way, so you use your back as well as your arm."

This time Tamar pulled the string three-quarters of the way back. She tried to release the arrow but the string got dislodged and snapped forward leaving the arrow where it was.

Dagma reseated the arrow.

"Try again."

Tamar managed another three-quarter pull and this time loosed the arrow successfully, but it went only ten yards.

"Again," Dagma commanded, loading another arrow.

Tamar shot six arrows but none further than twenty-five yards.

"Don't be discouraged," Dagma reassured her. "All you need is practise. The more you try, the stronger you'll get. Sharne or I will give you proper lessons whenever you want."

Tamar put the bow back and left Wildchild and Carlin practising. She couldn't help being a little disheartened, though she was still excited by the prospect of the duck-hunt tomorrow. She returned to the camp to see what help she could be.

She found Pepi sitting on Ezra's lap, reading. Across the campfire from them, Sharne was sorting bow-strings and collecting arrows into bundles for those who came back from the field for repairs or more ammunition.

Lenta was by the stove, blowing on the embers to light a faggot. She saw Tamar return and called her over.

Though she would rather sit on a bench and mope, Tamar obeyed the ancient black woman, whom she respected.

"Take this kindling to light the campfire," Lenta said.

Tamar put the tapers in a convenient gap and lay down to blow up the flames. Building a fire was a skill she had lately acquired and was showing an aptitude for. Soon fire licked up the sides of the stack of logs and a plume of smoke rose into the air as Tamar built the fire steadily, poking the faggots with a long stick.

Preparation for the feast was Pepi's cue that her reading-lesson was over. She hopped off Ezra's lap and, with exaggerated care, returned her book to its place in Mirselene's hut.

Now Annela returned to the camp. She was the first to declare her bow working properly and left the practise field to go early to the river to bathe. She did this so she could bring a bucket of water back for Ezra, giving him time to clean up before the feast. As she passed Ezra on her way to her hut, he said "I'll come with you."

Annela was pleased and they went together to her hut to undress. She pulled off his bandage and helped him remove his shirt. Because his arm still hurt if he straightened it too much, she tied it up with the bark sling Wildchild had made. The bruise was now a painful-looking purple with yellow edges. He was quite adept at removing his trousers but Annela wanted to help anyway. She was amused when he insisted he keep his shorts on.

As they left her hut for the bathing place, Pepi saw them and called out: "Mummy, are we going to the pool? Can you wash me?"

"No, Sweetie," Sharne replied as she delved into the basket of strings. "I have work to do - and you're old enough to wash yourself."

"But I like when you wash me. Please, Mummy, please?"

"No. Stop being so childish. If you want to wash, go and wash yourself."

Then Pepi had a thought.

"Ezra can wash me. Mummy, ask Ezra to wash me!"

"I will not. He's got better things to do."

"Ezra!" Pepi called out, running to him and grabbing his good arm, "Will you wash me?"

He turned to Sharne for her guidance, who sighed and said:

"Sorry, Ezra. ... Pepi, will you stop bothering him!"

"She's no bother, Sharne. If you don't object, I'm happy to help her wash."

"Oh, I don't object at all but you've only got yourself to blame if she never lets you go afterward. ... Pepi, Ezra's responsible for your noise and mess now. Behave yourself and don't come crying to me if he ends up drowning you. ... And put your clothes away in the hut, don't just drop them on the ground." It was too late. "Pepi!" she cried. "Come back and put your clothes away properly!"

Pepi obeyed, throwing her clothes at the entrance to the hut and running naked to catch up with Ezra. Sharne sighed but she watched Ezra until he reached the river, fascinated by his body. Only then did she pick up her daughter's strewn clothing.

At the meadow, Mirselene noticed the column of smoke and shot a last arrow the full length of the field. With a glow of satisfaction, she declared it was time to prepare for the feast.

Giving Wildchild and Carlin the task of collecting the arrows, Mirselene led the remaining women to the camp-fire and to their tasks.

A whisper spread around the returning women when it was realised Ezra had gone to the river to bathe. Soon a crowd gathered at the bathing place. Too many to enter the water at the same time, the women stood around on the bank, pretending not to stare. Annela smiled knowingly and apologetically at Ezra but he seemed not to mind any more. When Pepi was washed thoroughly and had been playfully dunked a few times, they got out to make room for others.

Drying was fast in the afternoon sun and Ezra and Annela dressed quickly to join the matrons at the camp-fire and help with the feast. Annela was given a task but Ezra was told to relax and let the women work. His injury was the official reason but, because he insisted he ought to do something, Parvinder made him 'official taster'. It was a sop but it was something to do and Ezra performed his role conscientiously.

There was pent-up excitement at the feast, fraught with quiet anticipation of the following day's hunt. Only one thing disturbed the harmony of the tribe. It was Pepi, who protested in shrill tones when her mother told her to sleep that night in Lenta's hut because everyone else was leaving early to go on the duck hunt.

"I want to go on the hunt!" Pepi exclaimed, protesting the unfairness of it all.

"You know you can't come," Sharne explained patiently. "It's a long way and we must all be silent when we reach the lake."

"I can walk as far as anyone and I can be silent."

Neither statement was true: Pepi was tired after walking just four hours today and she couldn't keep silent for five minutes at a time. But she was excited about having seen the swans and thought it very unfair not to let her help hunt them. As Sharne was having trouble quieting her daughter, Mirselene entered the row.

"Pepi, that's enough," she commanded. The girl went quiet. "Tamar," Mirselene continued, "you can't handle a bow, so you can stay here and help Lenta look after Pepi."

It was an order not a request and a devastating one for Tamar, whose face could not hide her disappointment. Ezra saw what Mirselene apparently did not see and he spoke up immediately.

"Madam, Tamar can use her slingshot but I cannot handle a bow. I always expected that I would stay behind, so I will be happy to entertain Pepi."

"Of course, Ezra, that's just as good," Mirselene said, clearly not offended by his intervention. "The matter's settled and Pepi can come on another duck hunt when she is old enough."

The girl could not argue with Mirselene but was only somewhat mollified. As it was her bed-time, she now wanted to sleep with Ezra and Annela in their hut.

"You can't, Pepi," her mother said, "Annela and Ezra want to be alone."

"Why Mummy?"

"Because they do. That's enough, Pepi. Time for bed."

The argument went on in a subdued form as the girl was bundled off to her grand-mother's hut but she was sleepy and soon there was quiet, leaving Tamar grateful to Ezra but also troubled by how easily Mirselene could be thoughtless. There was no malice in the chief's judgment, however, just an imperious lack of consideration for the feelings of others. It was something Wildchild and Ezra also noticed. All three reflected for a few minutes on this feature of life in their newly-adopted tribe.
