 Chapter 6 Ezra's duty

[Thank you for your votes and supportive comments. They are much appreciated.]

[Ezra is doing his sexual duty to the Woodlander women in this order: Annela (aged 24), Sharne (aged 37), Dipti (aged 33), Dagma (aged 28) and Urulla (aged 19). His current bedmate is Sharne.]

[Wildchild, Carlin and Tamar are on a trek to the White Mountains, the home of the lost Miners tribe.]

***

Sharne and Ezra were alone in the forest.

It was a sultry windless afternoon. The sky was cloudless but more yellow than blue. The chattering birds were quieter than normal. There was tension in the air. The hot afternoon had an electric charge that only a storm would relieve.

It was the end of their first week together and Ezra was doing his sexual duty conscientiously and with great pleasure every night and some mornings but they had not yet spent time alone during the day because they always worked with Dagma. Today, however, Dagma had remained in the camp to attend to something her mother wanted.

They finished laying cut logs in a pile. Sharne bent down to collect her tools and when she looked up, Ezra was gazing at her. Their eyes met and she saw something in him she had not seen before but had been hoping to find. It was a look of raw sexual hunger.

She felt a constriction in her throat and her mouth began to water. Her legs - her strong round legs - felt weak. She kept his gaze at first, soft brown eyes inviting the penetration of dark blue ones, then she looked down. She felt rather than saw him approach and dropped her tools the moment he grabbed her by the waist. She curved into his body as he forced his mouth on hers.

His hands roamed over her pliant body as they kissed. He pushed up her shirt and felt a hardened nipple against the palm of his hand.

She lifted her arms to help him pull her shirt off then sighed heavily when he planted his mouth on her tit. She held his head against her chest. He sucked greedily. His exploring hand pushed into her trousers and cupped her pussy, a finger lying along her moist slit. He began to rub a circle on her vulva and her knees went weak again.

She felt a contest in his body between the greedy lust that was pushing him to fuck her right now and a desire to take things as slowly as possible, to savour her body, to make her wait, even to beg for it.

They were lying on the floor now, an impromptu bed made from her cloak and his clothes. She wriggled out of her trousers and spread her thighs. He pulled her legs up and told her to hold them, then he went to work on her with his tongue, starting with pecking kisses and soft strokes with his fingers around her mound and along her thighs.

His licking was light and teasing, taking his time before targeting her clit, then moving to her labia and sucking on one side then the other, stopping when she got too aroused. He licked gently along her slit or kissed the gap between her thighs and pussy, returning to her clit to build her tension again and moving off when she began to squirm.

On the sixth repeat, he pushed a forefinger into her vulva. She was wet and breathing heavily. He pushed further into her vagina and explored its ridges and tendons with a careful finger-tip. That raised the tension for her too much. She was on the edge but he could read her well by now and removed his finger and stopped licking before her climax could begin.

In frustration, she gave a deep-throated needy groan and lost hold of her legs. He waited for her to calm down, pushed her legs up and began again. She crooked her elbows over the backs of her knees and held tightly. She was flexible but it was a strain to keep the position when she wanted so much to be fucked. Beads of sweat grew on her forehead.

He lapped at her slit, spread her labia with two fingers and pushed his tongue in. Her eyes were tight shut and she moaned from the delicious heat in her pussy.

Again he stopped as she approached a peak and left her squirming, wanting more. She held her breath and stopped herself speaking. She didn't want to beg to be finished off before he was ready.

He went down on her again and sucked her clitoris into his mouth, flicking it around with his tongue. It was hard and sensitive so he went carefully. He had one finger in her snatch. He pushed in another finger, spreading her wetness. Her pussy dripped over his fingers and down her smooth buttocks.

He rested his finger-tips on her g-spot, put his mouth over the top of her pussy to make a suction and did his special trick. He gently pressed his fingers onto the rough spongy patch, sucked hard and released, sucked and released, making her coo and moan loudly every time.

Sharne's brain was too fogged with pleasure and frustrated desire to count how many times she had the amazing sensation of having her sweet spot swell and pump with blood. This treatment brought her so close to a climax that she thought he must let her go over the next time but he was on the watch for her spasm and each time pulled quickly away. Sharne let go her legs again and writhed in frustration.

This time he pushed only one of her legs back up and lay on her.

"Oh, God!" she said. "Please, now!"

Ezra remained silent but she saw him smile and she regretted asking. Her left leg was stretched out and trapped under him. He had her right tit in one hand and with his other hand, grabbed the soft curls of her hair and pulled her head back so he could kiss her neck.

He pushed the head of his cock into the entrance of her pussy. She sighed in relief but he withdrew immediately and did it again. And again. And again. More teasing. More tension.

He put his left hand down to guide his cock, moving the tip up and down her slit, coating it with her buttery juices and smearing it onto her clitoris. He again pushed his cock an inch into her vagina and withdrew, repeating over and over. She couldn't move. She needed to do something. She wanted so much to fuck him, to suck his cock into her pussy and orgasm on it.

"Please, Ezra, please. Make me cum!"

"Say you're my sexy beautiful woman."

He spoke gruffly, interspersed with grunts as he pushed in another inch and withdrew then held back in until she spoke.

"Oh! God! Ezra, I'm your sexy beautiful woman."

He thrust all the way in. She moaned loudly. He pulled out again and stayed out.

"I'm going to make you wait," he said.

"Oh, God! It's not fair, please?"

"I'm using what's mine as I like."

He started fucking her again, penetrating an inch at a time and withdrawing. She was on the edge of cumming but he was tantalising her, fucking her too slowly to bring her off.

"Oh, God! Please?" she begged again.

His slow thrusts went in and out all the way now. She struggled to move her pelvis, to increase the rhythm but, despite her strength, his weight was too much for her to get any movement. God! She wanted to be on top so she could bring them both off.

She had been too long in that position. Sharne was flexible but no longer a young women.

"Please, Ezra? My leg."

He understood and raised himself up. She pushed her leg out and spread it wide to relieve the tensed muscles.

Now, she hoped, he would fuck her to the finish and make her cum. She tried to pull him down to kiss her but he resisted. He pulled up her other leg instead and lay on her, like before, rebuilding the tension. He pushed his cock into her, just a little and kept it there. She was about to moan but it came out as a gasp as he sank all the way in.

Still fucking her too slowly to bring her off straight away, he gradually picked up speed, finally allowing her to rise toward her climax. She put her arms around his neck, digging her nails into his shoulders. Now he pumped her hard, the strain in her leg giving her added sensation. He breathed heavily and gripped her tightly.

She felt the orgasm starting a long way off. It grew as if it were happening to someone else. Then she couldn't deny the heat in her pussy was her own. The warmth spread to her back. Her breath caught. Her nipples felt the strain.

As the spasm began, her eyes rolled up in her head and her tongue popped out of the side of her mouth. Her muscles clenched his cock and she cried out. Still he rammed her. She convulsed again, moaning loudly.

Hot joy spread from her pussy along her belly to her throat. Her free leg shook. She slapped her hands onto the ground and tried to arch her back but was still trapped, able to respond to his thrusts only with spasms and moans.

A third climax engulfed her. Now Ezra was close. He closed his eyes and put effort into the last dozen strokes. Sharne had another gasping orgasm and, finally, he felt the joyful moment himself. He rammed hard into her a last time and pulsed his seed out in a long satisfying discharge.

Afterward, he released her leg but still lay on her, his cock soft in her pussy, stroking her, kissing her neck and shoulders, letting her ride the aftershocks of her nerve-shredding orgasms. She arched and her legs shook one more time, then she lay still, satiated and silenced.

He rolled off her and lay on his back. They were both warm and relaxed and happy not to talk. He slipped his hand into hers and they lay together under the sun, the tension relieved - until the next time.

***

The following day, Ezra finished making the parts for the new crapper and dug the hole. Now it needed to be put together.

Sharne was keen to help with the construction. Dagma surprised him by also volunteering to help. He thought she disliked him. She rarely spoke when they worked together but she worked hard and, in a few hours, the three of them had fixed the frame together with pegs, manoeuvred it over the pit and attached the steps.

When it was ready, the whole tribe came to admire, though they weren't entirely clear why they needed a new crapper. They were used to the smell of the old one and going to the toilet had always been a communal activity, however understanding they were of Ezra's peculiar need for privacy.

The new crapper took Woodlander culture into account, however: there were two single-seater cubicles with doors and an open four-seater bench between them, so customers could choose either privacy or company.

Trying out the new crapper in public was a very odd ceremony. The privacy of the closed cubicles was undermined by the presence of the entire tribe calling encouragement to those who first mounted the steps to sit at a hole in a bench. Ezra almost laughed when the women cheered the plops of admirably large contributions to the pit.

Despite its oddity, the new crapper quickly became popular. There was a large pile of earth and ash to throw on the pit after a visit and a rake to smooth the surface. Everyone agreed that the new crapper smelled less than the old, so Ezra was encouraged to work on its roof, so it could be used during the night rain.

The roof was finished a day later, then Sharne, Dagma and Ezra began to mend and improve every wooden structure that needed attention, from hut roofs to the benches around the camp-fire.

Dipti, Ezra's future bedmate, asked to have her bed strengthened. Again, Ezra admired the sexual honesty of the Woodlanders when she said to him, "Will you double up on the supports, please? It will need to be very strong."

Not everyone admired her openness.

"She can't wait to get her hands on him," Sharne whispered to Dagma. "You can almost smell her anticipation."

It was a moment of unusual bitchiness which she regretted immediately. Luckily, no one else heard and Dagma was like a locked safe for not passing on gossip.

The next big event was the monthly trade, in which Mirselene's order for a cow was placed and Cloner Tokens delivered. Casti represented the tribe and was pleased to report only a few minor price rises for the next three months and that no one asked why the Woodlanders were spending tokens on a cow rather than a new child.

When Ezra and Sharne had been bedmates for two weeks, anyone who could count knew it was about this time that Sharne would begin to ovulate. Ezra didn't count but he noticed how warm Sharne felt and that her vaginal fluid was thicker and more sticky than usual. The next few days were critical and they had sex so often that Sharne imagined she squelched when she walked.

Annela had missed her period again and had begun properly to hope but the only sign she might be pregnant was her heightened colour and her sparkling eyes. None the less, Parvinder began to stockpile medicines and bandages. For the last time, she took her concerns to Mirselene, saying it would be safer for a pregnant woman to be at the Cloner City, where they had more medical equipment. Mirselene was not swayed, however, replying that Annela was young and strong and that, as soon as the secret of Ezra was out, they would surely lose him forever.

Parvinder therefore took to whittling what she hoped would be unnecessary (and certainly unsanitary and painful) obstetric tools in case of complications.

Despite Ezra's best efforts, Sharne was not so lucky as Annela this time. In the third week, her period came. She was disappointed yet she knew Ezra had performed manfully. He intended to stay with her until the end of their allotted month and she was happy at first that he stayed. He was unfailingly kind and attentive to her but by the third day, Sharne felt something odd that she couldn't quite communicate to him.

It was not about sex. Though she was just as horny now as before her period, she was also happy that Ezra had not asked her to suck his cock or wank him. She would have complied, of course, but he was too understanding to ask. That was irritating in itself.

His thoughtfulness in pretending he didn't want sex was particularly annoying to her that morning. She knew he was horny because she felt his erection prodding into her back when she woke.

The three woodcutters went to work that day in the orchard, thinning saplings. Dipti, Urulla and Annela were already there, plucking fruit. Sharne called Annela over to talk privately while Dagma and Ezra prepared to begin work and the foragers moved on into the grove.

"Can you do me a favour, Annela?"

"Of course. What is it?"

"Take Ezra away and fuck his brains out."

Annela's eyes boggled.

"What? Why? ... er, What's going on, Sharne?"

"I need you to make Ezra happy while I'm temporarily disabled."

"Of course I will." She licked her lips. "But I don't understand. Please explain."

"It's Ezra. He's too damn kind and understanding. It's infuriating! I think he's even more upset than me about not conceiving this time and he's always asking me how I feel. This morning, when I told him I was fine, he hugged me and said, 'Sharne, I understand, you'll talk about it when you're ready.'"

Annela laughed out loud.

"It's your own fault. When I explained about sexual relationships, all you and Urulla wanted to know was the mechanics of sex. I never got to tell you about the psychological peculiarities of Earthwomen."

"What are they?"

"Well the significant one here is that when an Earthwoman says she's 'fine', she never is and a man risks a serious row if he can't discover what's really wrong; which, of course, she refuses to say."

"That's daft!"

"It gets worse! If the man can't tell what's wrong, he has to guess, but if he shows he's only guessing and not knowing intuitively, then it's worse than not trying to understand at all."

"That's ridiculous! Why are Earthwomen like that?"

"This bit is unclear but I think that Earthwomen fantasise about sexual relationships in which the partners are so finely attuned they can read each other's minds."

"Earthwomen believe in telepathy?"

"Only a kind of sexual communion. An Earthwoman seems to believe that if a man truly loves her, then he'll instinctively know what she feels without having to be told; just as she thinks she instinctively knows what he feels without him saying so. The romantic ideal for Earthwomen is a sort of unspoken psychological unity."

"And what's the romantic ideal for Earthmen?"

"An easy life, I think, and lots of sex - so they try to guess the minds of women as best they can, hoping to be more right than wrong."

"I don't believe a word of it. I think Ezra's pulling your leg. Whenever he talks to me about women, he's never disparaging but shows how much he respects us. At least, he's always generous about our foibles and only critical of men. According to you, he thinks Earthwomen are irrational."

"All women are, sometimes. You know that. The same is apparently true of men."

"So why do men and women bother living together at all: why not meet up just for sex?"

"Because men and women are irrational in different ways. They don't really understand each other, which makes sexual relationships interesting. A little misunderstanding, even a little conflict, can be exciting."

"I think these are your words rather than Ezra's."

Annela laughed again, a guilty look on her face.

"I may have embellished a little on what Ezra told me but I think I have it substantially right. Ezra told me about a girlfriend who expected him to predict the weather whenever they went out and, if he guessed badly, would blame him for making her wear the wrong clothes."

Annela expected Sharne to laugh at this absurdity but the older woman pondered the anecdote seriously.

"Besides," Annela continued, "there is also love, which makes people stay together despite their differences, sometimes even forever, or so Ezra says," she added wistfully.

Sharne absorbed this idea too and then returned to her original query.

"So I just need to tell Ezra that I really am fine and he'll stop worrying about me?"

"If that's what you want, then yes."

"So I don't need you to make him happy for me," she said with a crafty smile.

"Oh, no you don't!" Annela responded, hitching up her dress to run to Ezra. "No backtracking!"

At last, Sharne laughed.

"All right. Off with the both of you."

"Ezra!" Annela called out to him. "The boss says we're to get lost in the forest. Come on."

He looked at Sharne for confirmation as Annela tugged on his arm, leaning back with all her weight, trying to pull him along. Sharne smiled and gaily waved him away, so he stepped toward Annela who yelped as she started to fall.

She laughed when he caught her, then pulled him away into the forest, her arms around his waist.

"I'm not sure what I've done to deserve this," he said, "but I'm not going to risk anything by asking."

Sharne noticed Dagma's disapproving frown as she looked at the retreating couple. As usual, she didn't understand her friend.

"Mirselene doesn't need to know about this," Sharne said.

"I'm not talking," her friend assured her. "I just wonder why ..."

"Why what?"

"Never mind."

Sharne let her friend alone and the two women quietly picked up their axes and began to trim the trees in the orchard.

By an unspoken agreement, Annela and Ezra found their way to their favourite spot, a dense stand of soft ferns by one of the small tributaries of the main stream that coursed past the camp a mile or so away.

There they stood and kissed, gently and lovingly, like old lovers who found each other again. It was passion on a long slow burn.

He undressed her slowly, kissing each part of her body as it was revealed. Her white shoulders with a few freckles, her thin arms, the back of her neck, moving her long light-red hair to one side. The dress fell to her hips and he knelt down as he kissed along her spine. He turned her slowly, kissing around her thin waist to her taut flat stomach, pulling away to admire her belly which - he was sure - had just a hint more of curve than before.

He could see her small round tits and wondered if it was only in his imagination that they seemed a trifle bigger. Her nipples were hard.
