 Thanks for reading, voting and commenting.

Chapter 9 continues straight on from chapter 8, which ended on the morning that Belena, chief of the Mariners, was banished. Calliope, the new leader, sent Kalyndra and Devon to light the smoke-signal to summon the Woodlanders to a special meeting the next day.

*****

1 A new friendship

Kalyndra and Devon walked in silence across the hot plain to the meeting-place by the forest, keeping up a fast pace, raising dust with their sandals, neither wanting to be the first to slow down.

It took an hour and when they got there, they built a fire from the logs the Woodlanders had stored. They threw the grey powder on the flames, sending up clouds of dense white smoke. When the plume was higher than the tree-tops and rising steadily, they sat down on a log to eat their lunches, waiting in case any Woodlanders nearby saw the signal and came to investigate.

There were no Woodlanders nearby but, in the forest-camp ten miles away (from the meadow beside the small vegetable plot), a thin wisp of smoke could be seen on the western horizon, trailing hundreds of feet into the cloudless blue sky. Mirselene received the report with interest and gave her orders for next day's special meeting with the Mariners.

Back at the meeting-place, the girls finished their lunches quietly and, at last, Devon wanted to talk.

"Well, Goliath?" she said.

"Well, Shrimp?"

Neither insult was fair. There was barely three inches in height between the women.

"Well," Devon repeated, "just because the factions have made up, it doesn't mean we have to be friends."

"Of course not. Rivals forever?"

"Forever!" Devon agreed.

"Because you'll always be in awe of my big womanly breasts," Kalyndra said.

"And you'll always envy my strong beautiful legs."

Kalyndra nodded. "Your legs really are your best feature."

Devon stretched them out, pointing her toes and pulling up her short skirt to expose her thighs.

"I do have rather fine pins," she admitted. She stood and put one foot on the log and show off her calf.

"Yours aren't too bad ..." Devon added.

"Thank you."

"... only they're too long. They make you unbalanced. That's why you're so clumsy."

"It's better to be clumsy than a short-arse."

"Is it?"

Devon began to roll the log with her foot, unbalancing Kalyndra, who started to fall backward. She tried to steady herself but Devon pushed again and Kalyndra began to fall. She reached out and grabbed Devon's skirt, pulling the girl with as she toppled over, laughing.

Devon laughed as well, falling forward onto Kalyndra. As the girls lay together, their arms, legs and hair entangled, they could smell the scent of each other's skins, glowing from the heat of the day. Devon acted first. She put her hands on Kalyndra's shoulders as if to push herself up but stopped, sank down and put her mouth on Kalyndra's, sucking on her lower lip. Devon didn't know whether the kiss lasted one minute or five. Eyes shut, heart pounding, she felt only Kalyndra's full soft lips. Then the dream faded and she was aware of a warm body under her. Devon came back to reality and pushed herself up.

"I'm so sorry, Kalyndra, I couldn't help myself."

"Come here," Kalyndra said, grabbing Devon's shoulders. She pulled her back down.

Now Kalyndra kissed Devon, just as passionately, with open mouths, smooth tongues entwined, a suppressed longing finally released. With Kalyndra's hands holding her tightly around her waist, Devon felt her love returned. Her fear vanished.

They lay on the ground, not caring about the leaves in their hair or the mud on their skirts; kissing, cuddling, occasionally stopping to breathe or to laugh.

Eventually Devon wanted to talk again.

"So, how long have you loved me?" she asked.

"How long have we been rivals?"

"About three years."

"Then, about three years."

"Really? Why didn't you say something?"

"You were so bitter, so angry at us all, especially me."

"It must have seemed so, but I was never really angry at you, Kalyndra. ... And now things are different," Devon said with satisfaction. "It'll take me some time to find my balance but I will; and then I don't think I'll be unhappy again. Not now."

Kalyndra stroked the younger girl's shoulder.

"I won't let you be unhappy, if I can help it. ... So, how about you?"

"How long have I loved you? As long as I can remember. You were always a bright presence in my life. You wafted about the camp, beautiful as a goddess. Everyone looked up to you."

"Wafted, did I?" Kalyndra asked, very amused.

"Like a goddess."

"Despite being so big and clumsy?"

"Uh, huh! A big clumsy goddess."

They laughed and Kalyndra rolled them over. Devon lay back and wrapped her rather fine pins around the taller girl's waist.

"So why didn't you ever say anything to me?" Kalyndra asked.

"I couldn't. You were so remote, so far above everyone."

"Well, I'm above you now."

"Yes, and you can stay there as long as you like."

"Oh, I will."

They kissed again and, comfortably relaxed, Devon wanted to know more:

"Can I ask you something?"

"Go on."

"Why do you love him?"

Kalyndra had thought about this but wasn't sure how to frame her answer.

"I can't really say. I suppose, because I do."

"That's no reason."

"Do I need a reason?"

"Everything has a reason, Kalyndra."

"All right. He's easy to love. He's kind and thoughtful. Also, he's the only man there is."

"Is that your whole reason?"

Kalyndra paused. She didn't want to keep anything from her new-old love.

"No. There's more. He makes me feel wanted, desired, adored ... and fulfilled. Especially fulfilled."

"That's a lot of things to feel. But I think I understand. So that's why you're his slave?"

"I'm not his slave!"

"Aren't you?"

"Well, I'm sort of his sex-slave. And I swore to follow him."

"So what will he say about us?"

"He'll say, 'Devon is the luckiest girl on Samothea.'"

"He will?"

"Yes."

"He won't mind if we're bedmates?"

"Why would he? He doesn't mind that Dipti and Urulla are lovers, or that Erin and Annela share a bed. Why would he mind about us?"

"I hope you're right; but you'd best ask him. I don't want you to lose him for my sake."

"It won't happen. Trust me."

"I trust you," Devon said, as she lifted her mouth to Kalyndra's.

Half-an-hour later, it was clear no Woodlanders were coming, and it was past time they were heading back to the settlement. Kalyndra helped Devon up and they walked hand-in-hand across the plain, chatting gaily, sometimes out of sheer happiness stopping to hold each other and kiss; but not for too long.

They were back in the settlement sooner than they wanted. It was mid-afternoon when they reported to Calliope, who had cleared Belena's stuff out of the boat and was moving her own belongings in.

"Well done, girls," she said. "We saw the signal. Did you have enough lunch? Yes? Then Ferne will give you your afternoon chores."

Ezra was helping some of the Mariners sort through a pile of oddments from the boat. They were hoping to find some old Earth technology he might repair but were having no luck. Apparently, the Cloners had ransacked the boat ages ago and taken away anything promising.

He threw another useless item on the storage pile and looked up to greet the girls.

Devon said: "Kalyndra and I have something to tell you. Do you mind if she comes to our hut tonight?"

"I don't mind at all."

"Good."

With that enigma for Ezra to ponder, the girls went off to find Ferne and learn their jobs.

Kalyndra and Devon had spent all afternoon working together, then bathed together in the stream and sat side-by-side at dinner; by which time everyone knew there had been another change in the settlement. Even Ezra had noticed, and he had almost no social antennae at all. It made him curious to know what they had to say.

There was no dancing that night after dinner. It was too early to celebrate the expulsion of Belena and those planning to make an early start to meet the Woodlanders tomorrow went to bed early.

When the girls came into the hut, they carried burning tapers. They sat on the bed while he took the wicker stool. Kalyndra made the announcement:

"Devon and I are in love. We're going to be bedmates."

"That's wonderful!" Ezra exclaimed. "Congratulations!"

"So you don't mind?" Devon asked.

"Why should I mind? I'm really pleased for you and I hope that you'll make each other very happy."

Devon could see he was completely sincere and she warmed to him even more than before. She didn't yet love him, not the way Kalyndra did, but she admired him for his part in ousting Belena. More than this, she enjoyed their week together, which had given her as much sexual pleasure as she'd ever known; and she wanted to love him for her new girlfriend's sake. There was no jealousy (or so she thought), but she and Ezra both noticed Kalyndra fall silent.

"What is it, Kali?" Ezra asked. "Have I said something wrong?"

"No. It's fine."

"Devon, help me out, please?" he asked. "This is female psychology."

Devon looked deeply into her girlfriend's smoky black eyes. Kalyndra met her gaze, smiling, but she couldn't hide her feelings.

"Kalyndra, you're disappointed. Let me guess why. ... You predicted Ezra wouldn't object to our relationship but you didn't want him to approve it so readily. If he'd disapproved, then you could've persuaded him to change his mind, showing me your power over him."

"Is that it, Kali?" Ezra asked. "You know you don't need to show your power over me. No one can doubt it. Everything we do together is down to you. It's my need for you that drives me."

"I know," Kalyndra said. "It's not that. Honestly."

"Well then, what?"

"It's that you're happy for Devon and me because it makes it easier for you to leave me here."

"My God! You're right! I'm sorry Kali. I admit that thought was at the back of my mind. ... I'm not going to leave you permanently, but when I go back to the Woodlanders, I thought you'd be comforted by Devon, until I could come back and claim you - which I will."

"You're not going away with him?" Devon asked her. "But your promise?"

"I have to stay here, in case Belena comes back or the rival factions start up again." She took Devon's hand. "And now I have another reason to stay."

Devon had mixed feelings. Of course she wanted her lover to stay; but she had been resigned to letting her go away with Ezra and she was sincere in not wanting to split Kalyndra away from him.

"I'm glad you're staying," she said, "but I'll understand when you have to go away."

"She - we - won't be away forever," Ezra said. "We're definitely coming back to the Mariners." After this, there was nothing to add. No one knew what would happen in the future and it would be fruitless to speculate.

"I'll go back to my hut now," Kalyndra said.

"You don't have to," Ezra replied. "I'll leave you two alone. Someone will put me up."

"No, Ezra. It's Devon's last night with you. You two stay."

He turned to Devon.

"It should be your choice, Devon. Do you want to spend your first night with Kali here?"

Devon thought a minute and had the best idea.

"I want you both to stay."

Ezra was enchanted. Two women at a time was one of every man's fantasies.

2 Three in a bed

"I need to go to my hut," Kalyndra said. "I'll be back soon." She was swiftly out of the door and returned a few minutes later carrying a small cloth bag. In response to Devon's quizzical look, she said:

"It's been a night of revelations already and they're not over yet."

She tipped the bag out onto the bed. It contained the rope shackles and gag from her time in the Woodlander Camp. When Devon's eyes boggled and a hard look showed on her face, Kalyndra said:

"Don't worry. They're for me. It's so Ezra can keep a promise he made."

Devon didn't say any more but Ezra gathered up the ropes and took them to his stool, saying:

"Why don't you two start and I'll join in when I see an opening."

Kalyndra was pleased by this and pulled Devon to her.

"Come here," she said. "The clumsy goddess wants to get to your opening first."

Devon laughed.

"Crudity from you, Kalyndra? You're ruining my illusions."

"I'll ruin more than your illusions if you don't kiss me right now."

Laughing, the girls kissed, and then kissed some more, holding each other tightly, warming into it, the unfulfilled lust of the afternoon finally unleashed.

They got comfortable on the bed, making love the same way the Woodlanders did, slowly, with gentle touches from sensitively exploring fingers and soft kisses on neck, arms or shoulders as they helped each other take off their jackets.

"Such large, womanly breasts," Devon said, admiringly.

Kalyndra ran her hand along Devon's thigh.

"Such strong beautiful legs," she replied.

Ezra had no idea why the girls laughed so much at this but he was happy they were happy. He was also pleased they were unselfconscious about him being there. They hadn't forgotten him but they weren't putting on a show, delightful though it was for him to watch the erotic dance.

It was joyful love-making, sweet and playful. The girls giggled as they undressed each other, learning each other's bodies. Kalyndra soon found that Devon's nipples were too sensitive to be played with much when she was aroused; but Devon was pleased to learn she could lick and suck Kalyndra's tits as much as she wanted and the older girl would still encourage her.

They sat opposite each other and scissored their legs, slowly rocking their bodies together, rubbing their pussies. Their moaning voices filled the hut, a delicious sound of urgent lust and pleasure.

Gentle and sensitive though their love-play was, two such driven women, who had lately been fierce rivals, couldn't completely suppress their rivalry. Everything between them had been a competition and the same imperative began to govern.

As usual, Devon started it. She pulled Kalyndra onto her and, as they kissed deeply, her fingers explored the bush of Kalyndra's pubic hair, seeking out her clitoris, tending it carefully, then with more purpose, until Kalyndra was strongly aroused and moaning softly. Kalyndra's reply was to diddle Devon's clit, rubbing the sensitive nub between her long elegant fingers.

Now the race was on to see who could make the other girl cum first. Kalyndra had practise in controlling her orgasms. She pushed down her mounting arousal and breathed deeply. It wasn't so easy for Devon, who was making a hoarse humming kind of moan and so getting into it that she began to neglect Kalyndra's pussy and lay back, her eyes shut, her knees spread wide, arching her back, hands gripping the sheet.

Kalyndra pressed her advantage. She knelt over Devon, one hand on her thin flat stomach, the other working wonders on her sweet little pussy. Devon gasped and shook with her first orgasm. She shook and writhed again as Kalyndra toyed with her until, with a final gasp, she twisted her legs aside, stopping Kalyndra's fun.

Devon lay breathing heavily, her arms stretched out, basking in a warm glow, eyes half-closed, a beatific smile on her melancholy face.

"Do I win?" Kalyndra asked, leaning over her.

"You win - for now," Devon replied, pulling her down to repeat the erotic dance once more.

Some time later, when she was kneeling beside Kalyndra, lapping at the long slit of her belly-button, Devon remembered something. She patted Kalyndra on the stomach, saying "Wait there," got up and walked languidly over to Ezra, who was on his stool, enthralled and erect. Devon bent over to put her mouth passionately on his. As they kissed, she pushed her hand down his shorts and slowly stroked his cock. A minute later she pulled away, giving his cock one last squeeze, saying: "I just wanted to keep you interested."

"I'm interested, all right," he said as she sashayed back to her position on top of Kalyndra.

The pretty love-making went on for another half-hour before Ezra got involved. Kalyndra also remembered him. Once, when she had her face planted between Devon's thighs, she stuck her bottom in the air and wiggled it at him, offering him an opening to join in; but he let the invitation pass. Now the girls were in the sixty-nine position, feeling the warm tingling on their skins after cumming. Kalyndra was on top, licking and fingering Devon's pussy and having her own clitoris jangled by Devon's tongue.

Kalyndra hunched and bucked and gently climaxed, letting herself relax down on her lover. When she sat up again she gave Ezra a mischievous smile. It was surely time. She took hold of Devon's ankles and pulled her legs wide. Devon knew what was coming. She wanted it and let Kalyndra know by re-doubling the efforts on her pussy.

Ezra was naked and ready. He knelt on the bed and pushed his cock between Devon's flaring pussy-lips. The girl moaned in her throat and bucked upward. He sank his rod into her soaked pussy and began thrusting.

The three of them made a triangle, with Devon as the base and Ezra and Kalyndra, mouth to mouth, at the apex. Devon loved being at the centre of the fucking. She arched her back, keeping up the rhythm in her tongue and pelvis. Kalyndra let Devon's legs go, leant back and thrust her chest out for Ezra to take a good mouthful.

They fucked nice and slowly, savouring it, making it last, until a long spasm overtook Devon. She cried out, writhing and thrusting, then lay still. Ezra withdrew and stepped away while Kalyndra cuddled Devon's tension away.

He wasn't being boorish but had gone to fetch the ropes and, as Kalyndra knelt astride her girlfriend, he pulled her arms behind her back, crossed them over and began tying them together. She made no protest and Devon looked on with interest and a little disquiet.

"Don't worry, Darling," Kalyndra whispered. "I really love this."

In the light of the last remaining taper, Devon got a good look at Kalyndra's face as Ezra tightened the ropes. Her eyes were clouding over with a smoky lust. Her face became serene and calm, her breathing deep. Ezra pulled her bottom up, pushing her head down beside Devon's. He smacked her firm buttocks a few times, just to warm them up, and began playing with her pussy. She shut her eyes and gave a throaty moan, her mouth wide open. Just the rough ropes and the feeling of being manhandled transported her into her special zone.

Devon hadn't seen anything like it, a girl enjoying such treatment. Despite herself, it turned her on. She watched, fascinated, sharing a smile with Ezra.

"Together?" he said.

Devon nodded. They pushed Kalyndra onto her back, lay either side of her and began to adore the tied girl, stroking her hair and kissing her in turn. When they kissed their way down her neck and shoulders, they synchronised their movements. They reached her tits together, licking and sucking in unison. And they joined their hands together to fondle her pussy.

With one finger each, they probed Kalyndra's snatch, pushing in deeply, stretching the lips aside, making the tall girl buck and moan, bringing her to a sweet and noisy little climax. Dividing their labours, Devon worked Kalyndra's clitoris while Ezra rubbed her g-spot. Here was the big orgasm they wanted to give her. Kalyndra writhed, her thighs shaking, the wrenching spasm stopping her breath, rolling her eyes into the top of her head.

When she recovered, they made a triangle again, with Ezra at the base and Devon slowly riding his cock. Kalyndra squatted over his face, his tongue in her hole. Devon's hands were on her shoulders, his on her arms, helping her balance, until Ezra finished, with a grunt and a cry as joy numbed his senses. Devon came at the same time, a last flash of lightning after a storm of pleasure.
