 It's finally here! Sorry I made you guys wait so long for this chapter to come out, but I hope you enjoy it all the same. I hope to be back to a somewhat regular posting schedule for the final few chapters of this tale. Thanks again for your dedicated readership and support!

Ch. 9 -- A Dark Secret

"This is all there is?!" Mordred demanded.

"Here in town? Yes," Robin replied. "Most of my forces are out in the surrounding areas to keep the peace."

"And how precisely does that help me?"

"I have sent word to those men; they are massing to the east of here. I would estimate they are just over a day's march away. I have also instructed them to begin their march in this direction, allowing you to meet up with them sooner."

"How many are there in addition to these men?"

"I have about seven hundred and fifty men in the field. When combined with your forces and these men here, your army will be over fifteen hundred strong," Robin said. "I trust this meets the requirements for our bargain?"

"I suppose. Very well, you may go."

Mordred then gave instructions for his lieutenants to begin assimilating Robin's men into their army. Though Mordred had kept part of his army hidden away until after his attempted takeover of Camelot, their bolstered numbers were still not where he knew they would need to be. Arthur's forces were powerful and well trained; Mordred would need numbers and position to defeat them.

"Mother, are we ready?"

"All the men are in formation," Morgan replied.

"Good. We march east to join with the rest of Robin's men."

They marched at a brisk pace, forming a long train four men across and two hundred long. For several hours, the only sound aside from the soldiers was the chirping of the birds. But around midday, a pair of scouts came riding up to the front of the train.

"Lord Mordred!"

"What did you find?" he replied.

"An army gains on us from the rear. Arthur is leading them!"

"Damn, they are fast," Mordred muttered.

"Shall I greet them?" Morgan asked.

Mordred thought for a moment before replying, "No. Merlin is assuredly with them, and a direct assault by you would be met with resistance from him as well as the entirety of Arthur's army. It is a losing proposition from the start."

"What are your orders, sir?" one of the lieutenants asked.

Doing a few more mental calculations, Mordred answered, "Tactical retreat. We continue along our intended path, but shift to eight abreast. Every second row shall merge with the row in front of them, pass the word back."

"Aye!"

Turning to another lieutenant, he continued, "Have the spear wielders move to the end of the line. How many have we?"

"Fifty spear wielders, sir."

"Good. Do nothing to engage Arthur's men directly. They shall provide the buffer on our tail and march backwards the rest of the way. That should keep Arthur's forces at bay until we can join up with the rest of Robin's men."

"But what if we are overrun? Will it be enough?"

"Mother shall ensure it," Mordred replied, turning to Morgan. "Focus on our defenses. If you can erect some form of protective barrier to shield us from arrows, that will be best."

"It will be done," Morgan replied. "Nothing shall penetrate our defense. And Merlin would not dare break off to attack me whilst surrounded by your forces."

"Excellent." Finally, Mordred signaled the two scouts. "Ride ahead and find the rest of Robin's men. Tell them to up their pace; we need them as soon as possible."

"Aye!" the men shouted before galloping off.

*****

"There they are..." Arthur muttered.

"What are your orders?" Bedivere asked.

"Hmm... we cannot send in Merlin just yet, not with Morgan le Fay surrounded by Mordred's men. Archers."

"Yes, Sire. Archers! Take your positions!"

The men drew their weapons and took careful aim at the soldiers marching ahead of them. It was a fair distance, but these men were experts; they would not miss.

"FIRE!" Bedivere shouted.

No less than a hundred arrows flew into the air, careening their way towards Mordred's army. But as they approached, a dome of light appeared, melting the arrows away before they could do any damage. Unfazed, Mordred and his men pressed on.

"Merlin?" Arthur asked.

"It seems Morgan le Fay is taking defensive measures. Our archers will not be able to assail them in that fashion."

"It appears they wish to delay our assault. But to what point and purpose?"

"Unclear. All I can say for sure is that she has made it so we cannot attack them with archers or with sorcery," Merlin replied.

"Hmm... Sir Kay?"

"Sire?"

"Send our spearmen down. Let us see if they can soften up their rear defenses. Merlin, if you will join them in a defensive capacity. Do not engage directly, but protect our men from Morgan le Fay's sorcery."

"Understood."

What are you up to, Mordred? Arthur wondered to himself.

*****

"David, are you certain you do not wish me to come with you?"

"Not at first. I need to make sure the spell is mastered before you come. I will not put you in danger, Madeleine."

Dave focused with all his might on the clearing near the lake that he and Madeleine had been to a few days before, attempting to teleport there. While teleportation was present in many stories and science fiction films from his time, the concepts presented there were quite different from sorcery. In those stories, teleportation usually involved deconstructing a person or object into smaller particles for instant transport to another location. But in his Incantus, Dave found teleportation to be more akin to faster-than-light travel. By focusing on a destination and using a quick surge of power from his aura, he would be able to instantly travel anywhere he could imagine. As in time-travel, he needed to have a clear vision of his destination for it to work, which is why the clearing was the natural choice for his first attempt. He took a deep breath, felt a sudden rush of energy, and opened his eyes to the serene lakeside.

"I did it... I did it!!!"

Dave danced around the clearing for a few seconds before returning his focus to his bedchambers. A few moments later, he stood once more in the presence of the gorgeous redhead that had fallen in love with him.

"You managed to do it!" Madeleine squealed.

"Yep! Come on, try it with me!"

"Is it safe?"

"According to the Incantus, it does not matter how many people come with me, just as long as they are all in physical contact with me," Dave replied.

"Physical contact?!" she said in mock disgust. "Well, if I must, I must..."

Before Dave could respond, Madeleine had already flung herself into his arms, giggling as she laid her head on his shoulder.

"Ready?" he asked.

"I am."

After the now-familiar sensations, the pair stood in the clearing, seeing the midday sun reflect off the clear lake's surface. It was a calm, picturesque scene; perfect for training. As Dave began his exercises in combining his newest spells with his previously mastered elemental ones, Madeleine gazed at him wistfully.

"He really is the best of men," she sighed.

As he ramped up the intensity of his training, Dave used his aura to create a protective dome around him extending about fifty feet in diameter. This ensured that he would not harm Madeleine or the woods in the process. Madeleine sat in stunned silence as he tossed off his shirt and began to mix his various elemental powers, switching between them so quickly that it seemed he was using them simultaneously. He then began to incorporate his aura and even his archery skills. Though he trained alone, Madeleine envisioned him assaulting a hoard of opposing soldiers, taking every last one of them down single-handedly. Such thoughts were quickly making her undergarments quite wet and sticky.

"Whew... that's a workout," Dave panted, flopping down next to her. "How did I look out there?"

"Awesome," Madeleine sighed.

"Awesome? Since when did you start talking like that? You sound like a modern woman!" Dave laughed.

"I... I don't know," Madeleine replied. "It's as if something has awakened in my mind. I can hear the way people speak in your time, and it... calls to me."

"Huh. I wonder if this is a side effect of the mind merge?"

"It could be. It's like... my mind is going a thousand miles an hour, yet I can keep up with it all. It feels second nature to me."

"A thousand miles an hour?! That's a modern phrase!" Dave realized.

"Oh my, it is! It just... appeared in my mind."

"Sounds like your transition to the modern world is going to be easier than we thought it would be."

"I hope so. It is frightening, yet also exciting." Laying her head on Dave's shoulder, she asked, "How is it you have become so powerful in such a short amount of time? Merely a few days ago, you were still grasping at the raw power of the elements, yet today you used all five of them as if they were nothing."

"Just hard work, I guess. I feel like I've been growing constantly since I first arrived here, and Merlin's teachings are all starting to make sense. This morning it felt like... I had a guide within my own mind, helping me use my powers more quickly and with greater variety than ever before."

"However you managed to do it, that display was most impressive."

All too soon, Madeleine's baser instincts began to get the best of her, seeing her lover shirtless and sweaty from his training. After planting a long kiss on his lips, she rolled to the ground and yanked him on top of her. She could feel his length hardening against her thigh.

"Make love to me," she breathed.

Though Dave wanted nothing more than to bury himself in her pussy and satiate his desires, he remembered something from a few days ago.

"One moment," he said, summoning his aura.

"Is something wrong?" Madeleine asked.

Without a word, Dave focused his power on Madeleine's abdomen and pelvis, connecting with her body through his aura. After a few seconds, he looked up at Madeleine with a face of disappointment.

"We can't have sex right now, Madeleine. If we do, you're going to get pregnant."

"Whatever do you mean? Don't you wish for me to bear your child?" she asked, close to tears.

"Of course I do! Just... not yet."

"Not yet? What is there to wait for? Mother was my age when she bore me."

Dave began to explain. "There are a couple of reasons. First of all, it would be foolish for us to do anything towards starting a family while we are still trapped here. I know we will find our way back to my time, but I have no idea how soon that will happen. Bringing a child into the world in this time period when both his mother and father shouldn't be here is out of the question.

"But beyond that, there is no hurry to do this, Madeleine. Yes, your mother was your age when she had you, largely because she knew she would not live that much longer. In this time, the average person can expect to live about forty years, if that. The fact that Arthur has lived as long as he has is incredible. But back in my time, people frequently live past seventy, eighty, even ninety.

"My point is that we have our whole lives ahead of us, Madeleine. And in my time, that's a longer proposition than it would be here. There's no rush for us to start a family so young. When we do find our way home, I want to take time for just the two of us. We should enjoy each other for a few years before starting a family. And when the time is right, it will happen."

"I see... is this mindset common amongst young lovers in your time?"

Dave shrugged. "Pretty common. There are still some who want to start families young, and others who become pregnant by accident, but most couples do want a few years for themselves before that."

"Very well. If that is your wish, I shall trust you. But please do not make me wait forever, David. I would love nothing more than to be the mother of your children."

"Don't worry. I definitely want kids someday."

Sitting up, Madeleine said, "I suppose my intentions were all for naught."

"Not so fast, my dear," Dave replied, pinning her back on the ground. "Just because we can't have sex doesn't mean we can't do... other things."

Madeleine shuddered as Dave lowered his face to her pelvis, bracing for the agonizing pleasure that was to come. The next several minutes were a whirlwind of passions as he licked and teased her again and again. Each time she thought he was done, Dave simply redoubled his efforts. Eventually, Madeleine had no choice but to admit defeat.

"David... oh David, no more! Please!" Madeleine cried, pushing his face away from her womanhood.

"What's wrong? Three orgasms enough for you?" Dave chuckled.

"Quite enough," she sighed with a grin. "You... are so amazing."

"I'm glad you think so," he replied.

Dave rolled onto his back, stretching out on the blanket they had brought with them. Madeleine soon joined him, laying her head on his chest and listening contentedly to the chirping birds around them. Soon, she couldn't help but notice the immense bulge in Dave's pants.

"Oh my... did I do that?" she gasped.

"What are you talking about? Why would I ever become aroused by the sound of my lover's voice crying out in orgasm over and over again?" Dave laughed.

"Hmm... may I ask an odd question?"

"Of course."

"I have heard stories of some women who use their mouths on men in the same way that you used your mouth on me. Is this a normal practice in your time?"

Dave grinned at the direction the conversation was taking. "I can't speak from personal experience, but yes, I'm given to understand that many young women do that for their boyfriends."

Tilting her head to look into his eyes, Madeleine asked, "Do you want me to... do that for my boyfriend, as you put it?"

Placing a light kiss on her forehead, Dave replied, "I would love every second of it, but only if you want to do it. I won't ever force you to do something you aren't comfortable with."

"I think I want to," she said with a nervous giggle. "Do you wish me naked?"

"That'd make for a fantastic show," Dave grinned.

After a quick kiss, Madeleine rose to her feet and disrobed, hanging her dress on a nearby tree branch. Her slow walk back over to the blanket only made Dave even harder than he already was; every curve of her form was sublime. He especially enjoyed watching her breasts jiggle as she knelt down before him. As she pulled his pants down, a thought occurred to him.

"Um, before we start, should we go ahead and figure out how you want me to... finish?" Dave asked.

Madeleine cocked her head at this. "What do you mean?"

"Well, if your mouth plays with me for long enough, eventually I'll spurt; it's only a matter of time. I know some girls don't like the taste, so I don't want to finish in your mouth if you don't want me to," Dave explained.

"Ah, I understand. How very considerate of you," she replied with a smile. "Are you able to know when the time is drawing near?"

"Within a few seconds, yes."

"Hmm... and I do not wish any surprises the first time around..."

"Here's an idea: you could suck on me until I give you the warning, then finish me with your hand. How does that sound?"

"That is what I'll do," Madeleine agreed. "Please tell me if I am doing anything wrong; I don't wish to harm you."

"Of course. Just be careful of your teeth." Seeing the uncertainty in her face, Dave realized he'd have to coach her through this. "Um, why don't you start by kissing it?"

"Yes, that seems a good place to start." Lowering her face, she gave a soft kiss to his bulging tip. "Like that?"

"That was very nice," Dave grinned.

This bit of encouragement seemed to spur Madeleine on. Taking a tentative grasp of his length, she began to kiss him from top to bottom, savoring the spongy texture of his cock. Dave focused on his deep breathing; the last thing he wanted was to lose control and explode in the poor girl's face. Once he felt he had enough self-control, he decided to encourage Madeleine a bit more.

"You're doing great. You can use your tongue, if you like," he whispered.

Madeleine said not a word, but grinned at this prospect. She trembled a bit as her tongue moved forward, taking in her first taste of Dave's manhood. He moaned in pleasure as she flicked it up and down his length, which only excited Madeleine further. She had never imagined that she could have such power and control over a man, yet she did, and crazier still, he wanted her to have this power over him. It struck Madeleine at that point just how completely Dave trusted her. In this position, she could do anything she wanted to him, including dismembering him with her teeth; the wife of one of her father's friends had advised her of that possibility in the event Madeleine ever found herself being taken forcibly. With a cheeky grin, she moved to the tip of his erection once more and parted her lips, taking about half his length into her mouth.

"Holy shit," Dave muttered.

Madeleine only giggled in reply. As she sealed her lips around him, she remembered his earlier warning about her teeth and made sure to keep her jaw open wide. She now realized she had three "weapons" at her disposal in regards to pleasuring Dave like this: her lips, her tongue, and the suction of her mouth. In addition, every movement of her head served to enhance each of these actions even further. Catching his wits for a moment, Dave did the gentlemanly thing and pulled Madeleine's hair out of her face.

"Thank you," she said with a smile before returning her attention to his cock. "I am doing this right, yes?"

"Definitely... oh yeah... try swirling your tongue while you suck," he moaned in reply.

Doing as he suggested, Madeleine was pleased by his reaction. Dave was already beginning to babble like a madman, his hips bucking slightly and his hands holding the blanket in a death grip. Playing into this, she adjusted the speed of her motions to match that of Dave's involuntary pelvic thrusts, seeing it almost as a game. Of course, there was only one logical end to that game, and it was almost upon them.

"Warning... warning!" Dave managed.

Madeleine released him from her mouth and began to stroke his saliva-coated length with her delicate hand. She now kept her motions simple and unchanging, knowing how close he had to be to finishing. All it took was a few seconds of this to have Dave spurting his cum onto his stomach. Madeleine couldn't help but become even further aroused at the sight, and especially by the amount of semen he produced. She realized this was the first time she had seen him orgasm outside of penetrative sex; every other time, he had finished inside her. As Dave recovered, curiosity got the better of her. She scooped up a drop of his seed with her finger and licked it off to sample its taste.

Interesting... not what I would call savory, yet not completely unpleasant. Perhaps a bit... salty?

"That was... amazing," Dave panted.

"It was the least I could do, after all the kindness you have shown me today," Madeleine giggled, moving to lay her head back on his chest.

"You've got quite a talent for that, Maddie," Dave replied.

"Maddie?"

"A nickname I just thought of for you, like how my friends call me Dave. What do you think?"

Madeleine repeated the name in her head a few times before answering, "I love it." Kissing him passionately, she continued, "Have I ever told you that you are the best of men?"

"Once or twice."

After several quiet minutes of making out, Madeleine at last withdrew and retrieved her dress from the tree branch. Almost the second she and Dave had finished dressing, they heard voices approaching.

"Someone is coming!" Madeleine whispered, a look of terror on her face.

"No problem. Grab onto me," Dave replied.
