 Author's note:

We are back on Samothea, carrying on the story from the end of chapter 14, when Yumi was successfully revived.

For this chapter, recall that Tamar and Yael are the same person (Yael was Tamar's birth-name: Tamar is her Herder name) and that Wildchild and Samothea are the same person (Wildchild was Ezra's nickname for the girl who kept her name secret).

*****

1

Yumi woke up in the night, disorientated and scared. Memories criss-crossed in her mind: Earth - Capella - the emergency on Ezra's ship - being revived. She clung to Ezra, the only fixed point she knew.

"It's all right, Yumi," he said, shaken awake by her cries. "You're on Samothea. You're safe."

He put his arm around her and held her as she breathed rapidly, shaking from her night-terrors. The crashing rain made the tent-roof dip. Water ran in torrents down its sides. Yumi shivered again.

"You're safe," he repeated.

She rested her head on his chest and began to breathe normally. She was soon asleep again and, finally, Ezra nodded also off.

When Yumi woke again, it was early morning. Her head was clear. She remembered where she was and who Ezra was. She even remembered Dagma, who slept on the other side of Ezra during the surprisingly cold wet night. Weak but not tired, Yumi thought she'd slept enough in the last year. She resolved to spend all day breathing fresh air as deeply as she could and standing upright for as long as she was able.

Dagma also got up. She helped Yumi with a supporting arm at their morning ablutions. When they were back, the camp was astir and Yumi learned the routine of the day. After breakfast, the Mariner women took out the raft and went fishing, while Megan and the three Woodlander girls took the horses onto the plain to find good pasture and to give Carlin a riding lesson.

Ezra stayed in the camp to clear up, moving buckets of night-rain into the shade to keep cool. Yumi and Dagma chatted as they watched him work. He swept sand out of the tents and prepared a cold lunch of fish, cheese and dry beef. Normally Dagma would help but today she thought she'd be more useful helping Yumi come to terms with the strange new world she found herself on.

Yumi was fascinated by the women of Samothea but shocked that they went around undressed in front of Ezra, especially the Mariner women, who worked naked. At least the others put on clothes to go horse-riding.

She was also shocked when Dagma explained that, except for the youngsters, all the women here were Ezra's lovers (though 'bedmates' was the designated term). Yet it also made sense: there were no other men on Samothea, she learned, and Dagma wasn't the only pregnant woman there.

The riders came back to camp a little before the Mariners returned with their catch. The cold lunch was good and the chatter was lively as the women rested in the sun for half-an-hour; then it was time for swimming lessons. Ezra gave a task to the Woodlander girls as they set off: he asked them to collect a load of cooking stones.

Dagma suggested to Yumi that they go and watch the swimmers. Yumi sensibly left off her shoes as impractical for the beach, though it made her one of the shortest people in the camp. She also took off her stockings to keep cool.

Cressi stayed behind to help Ezra clear up and, when they were done, took him by the hand and led him away to the sand-dunes. It was her week with him, of course, and she was determined to make up for the time she'd already missed. She chatted happily, laughing and joking, taking him to a good spot beyond the dunes with thick soft grass.

Already naked from fishing in the morning, Cressi impatiently helped Ezra strip. As usual, she was wild. She jumped on him and, although she weighed almost nothing, he pretended to be knocked over and fell on his back pulling her on top. She straddled him and kissed him hard, her hands in his beard. She could kiss like this forever but she had other needs. She pushed herself up his body and pressed her sweet little tits into his face.

He nibbled and sucked the pretty globes until she wanted something else and pulled herself further up his body, presenting to him first her ribs, then her thin flat stomach. Eventually, she knelt astride his head, pushing her cute pussy, with its frame of yellow hair, onto his mouth. Ezra licked and fondled her pussy, until Cressi enjoyed a sweet clutch of orgasms.

Daintily, she got off him and lay back on the warm grass. She shut her eyes and breathed deeply, enjoying the afterglow of sexual fulfilment. Ezra turned so he lay beside her. He traced a finger-tip gently down her body, from chin to neck to shoulder, around a tit a few times, across her ticklish ribs to her waist and thigh, then down a thin leg to a knee.

"Mmm," she said, "more."

He used his whole hand to caress her.

"More," she said, "much more."

He lay on her and, as they kissed, he pushed his cock into her slit. She sighed and lifted her knees up for a deeper angle. He began to thrust. She popped her tongue into his mouth as she breathed heavily, moaning with pleasure, feeling the delightful rub of his cock in her tight pussy.

As she got more turned on, Cressi writhed underneath him, sticking her claws into his back, scratching him hard. He grabbed her arms and held them out to the side so she couldn't scratch. Instead, she sank her teeth into his upper arm.

"Ow!" he cried, letting go of her arms and pushing himself up. She got in a last scratch across his chest before he pulled fully off her. Cressi was disappointed yet unrepentant. She grinned; but Ezra moved only for self-protection.

He pulled her up, turned her around so she was kneeling away from him and pushed her forward. He grabbed her arms and held them crossed behind her back. Her cute arse was in the air, her legs spread, her hair-lined pussy lips flared and shone with her juices. He pushed his cock into her slit and she moaned deeply, rocking her pelvis.

Ezra fucked her hard, thrusting vigorously into her tight little pussy. Cressi shrieked happily.

******

"Can you swim?" Dagma asked Yumi as they stood on the shore watching the swimmers.

"Yes," Yumi said, "but I'm not sure I want to go naked in front of everyone."

Yumi leant on Dagma's arm, grateful to her pregnant companion. The glare from the bright ocean made Yumi regret not having her sunglasses.

"I was learning to swim but I got sun-burned," Dagma said. "Would you like to go for a paddle?"

They walked into the warm clear water up to their knees, feeling the soft golden sand between their toes.

Talking as they splashed along, Yumi stopped occasionally to rest and once leant on Dagma's arm for steadiness; but she persevered. The hot sun invigorated her. The sea lapped at her calves and the salt wind cooled her face. She was gaining strength all the time. It wasn't long before they were so far along the shore that the gentle whoosh of the ocean drowned out the excited yelps and cries of the girls frolicking on the raft.

Then they heard a new noise above the wind and the waves. High-pitched moans and lower-pitched grunts came from the other side of the sand-dunes.

"Is that Ezra?" asked Yumi.

"Yes. We should turn back. He's doing his duty to Cressi."

"It sounds like she's enjoying it."

"We all enjoy it, though not quite so noisily as Cressi."

Then Dagma remembered.

"Wait until you meet Dipti," she added, confidentially, "she's a real screamer."

******

After Cressi had cum a couple of times on his cock, crying out and shaking as she convulsed, Ezra at last splurged his load into the girl, gripping her waist tightly.

They took a dip in the sea and came back to the soft grass to rest and dry off in the sun. Always cheerful, Cressi was especially happy after sex and wanted to chat. She lay on him and told him what was on her mind. When she'd run out of fascinating things to say, Ezra took his turn:

"Do you know what I love most about you, Cressi?"

"Everything, of course, because I'm almost perfect."

"Only almost?"

"Well, I have a mole on my neck and my hair is all frizzy instead of straight, and it's boringly blonde. I'd love to have Thalassa's hair."

Thalassa had long straight chestnut hair that glinted deep red in the sun. There was an unstated competition among the women at their daily grooming sessions for the pleasure of combing Thalassa's hair. Tamar's golden mane was also a favourite in the camp.

"I like your frizzy hair," Ezra said, "and the colour suits you fine. No, what I love most about you is that you're so uncomplicated."

"Why should I be complicated?"

"No reason. It's just that many women are."

"But I don't understand: what there is to be complicated about?"

She rolled off him and lay on her back. She felt the hot sun on her perky breasts and thin thighs.

"I enjoy my work," Cressi said, arching her back and wiggling her toes as she stretched her arms out over her head.

"I have wonderful friends. I have enough to eat and a good strong hut with a good strong bed to sleep in. I have Salema for woman-sex and you for man-sex. Sometime soon your seed will do its stuff and I'll get a child to love. What else do I need?"

"Nothing. Life is perfect for you, as it should be. You're the happiest person I know ... and you deserve to be happy."

"I do," she agreed.

"So, because you're so happy, you can afford to be generous ..."

"Oh, no you don't," she warned, turning to face him. "I'm not sharing you again. You're mine!"

"Please, Cressi? For the sake of your friends. I feel I'm neglecting them."

"You're not neglecting them. They've had their time. Now it's my turn."

"But Kalyndra and Devon missed out almost their whole week and Thalassa isn't an official bedmate."

"Are they complaining?"

"No. You know they wouldn't complain. Well, Devon would, but she hasn't."

Cressi was silent. For all her protests, she was an invariably generous girl and had never yet refused anything asked of her. He saw this when she volunteered for the salvage party. Moreover, she would never refuse to give up her place for Kalyndra, with whom she had always been good friends.

"I'll make it up to you," he said.

"How?"

"However you like."

Cressi took her time to mull the possibilities.

"All right," she said at last. "I know what I want. I'll release you for one afternoon if you'll do with me what you do with Kalyndra."

"Ask for something else."

"You refuse?"

"Do you know what Kalyndra and I do?"

"Some of it. I saw the marks you left on her last week - but more importantly, I saw how happy she was. All next day, she was floating on air. She was serene, radiant and full of colour. Tell me why: what do you do together?"

"I tie her up, gag her and spank her as punishment. Sometimes I give her impossible orders, just so she'll fail and I can punish her some more."

"I see."

Cressi lay silent and thoughtful. Her lusty inner-devil began to tug at her.

"Do you want that?" he asked.

"I want to know what she gets out of it, to see if I like it," she answered cautiously. "I want to feel her contentment."

She was leaning against him, her hands on his chest.

"I think you'll like it," he said, "and it'll give me a chance to get back at you for all the damage you've done to me."

"Like this?" she asked, laughing as she ran a finger along the scratch she'd made from his shoulder across his chest to his stomach. She also kissed the mouth-shaped bruise on his arm.

"Exactly."

"I thought you were going to refuse," she said.

"Not at all. The opposite, in fact. I don't want you to give up one of your days for something I would do anyway if you ask me."

"But I would have given up one of my days for Kalyndra if she'd asked, so I'm content. They can have tomorrow."

"All right. I'll tie you up and fuck you when we're back in the Beach Settlement."

"Good."

She climbed back on him and lay her head on his chest. The growing grass around them smelled warm and sweet. The hot sun beamed down, roasting her back. Sweat pooled in the contours of her spine between the muscles of her thin waist. He wiped the sweat as he stroked her back.

"You're boiling," he said.

"Hmm, lovely."

To a northerner like Ezra, tropical heat was a stimulus, boosting his sex-drive. Pretty soon, he was ready to go again. She felt the prodding of his hardening cock against her thigh and pushed herself up to sit on him and ride him to another satisfying climax.

******

Dagma and Yumi were first back to the camp, followed by the swimmers, who wrapped themselves in blankets and got out their combs.

Tamar offered to brush Yumi's hair and sat down behind her. Carlin came and sat behind Tamar and began to comb her friend's hair. Then Megan sat behind Carlin. One-by-one, the other women joined in, so that when Ezra and Cressi returned, there was a circle of women, each combing the hair of the woman in front and having her own hair groomed by the woman behind.

It was lovely sight for Ezra: profoundly social and beautifully feminine.

Kalyndra, who was combing Thalassa's hair, moved back and invited Cressi to join the circle in front of her. Now only Wildchild was absent from the group, preferring to shake her thick curls dry. She avoided the chore of grooming by keeping her wild black hair short: the only time Wildchild allowed anyone to touch her hunting knife was when she gave it to Tamar once a month to hack at her curls.

Instead, she was building a small cooking platform from the stones that she and the other girls had brought back for Ezra. Having divined his purpose, Wildchild laid out the stones on a sandy patch by the campfire, their flattest sides upward.

Grooming finished, dinner was easily prepared. Instead of gutting and slicing the fish in two, they were rolled in mud from the watering hole. Hand-shaped flatbreads were ready to be laid on the stones, which now needed only heat. For that, Wildchild had charged her laser penknife in the sun. Smiling to acknowledge her understanding, Ezra fetched his own penknife and the two of them set to frying the stones with bright laser beams until they glowed red.

The clay-wrapped fish spat and crackled when they were laid on the hot stones. The flatbreads sighed and let off steam. At that heat, they cooked quickly, gaining a crunchy skin without the usual ashy tinge from a wood fire. The fish was succulent and sweet, easy to eat because the bones fell out and the scales adhered to the clay casing when it was split open.

There was not much to say at dinner that hadn't already been said at lunch, except for the obvious questions everyone wanted to ask Yumi. They were denied because Ezra commandeered her for a private chat. Thwarted, the salvage party reverted to their usual pattern of conversation, led by the three chattiest girls: Cressi, Thalassa and Tamar. Tamar, especially, could be relied upon to tell a long story that was both inconsequential and of burning importance.

Ezra was pleased to see that Yumi ate well and seemed to be stronger.

"So, what do you think of Samothea?" he asked.

"It's lovely," she replied, adding: "I think you're very lucky. They're all such beautiful women."

"Aren't they?"

"And they have gorgeous hair."

"I know. For a while, I worried that I was becoming a hair fetishist but then I realised that their hair really was amazing. Do you know why?"

"No."

"I think it's because there's no soap on Samothea, so they only ever rinse their hair and never remove its natural oils. That's my theory."

"It's a good theory," Yumi agreed, though it made her think she hadn't washed her own hair in a year, maybe she should find out from Dagma how the woman of Samothea really made their hair shine so healthily.

Yumi realised why Ezra was talking about shampoo, however, and not asking what everyone wanted to know, questions he had a right to ask.

"Ezra, I know you want me to explain why I stowed away on your ship. I'll tell you, I promise, but not in front of everyone. I'm too ashamed. I don't want them to know."

"Believe me, Yumi, you won't keep any secrets here for long. If the salvage party don't make you tell them, then Solange, the chief of the Herder Tribe, will. She can read minds. And Annela, one of the Woodlanders, is a witch. She'll sit by you patiently, waiting for you to speak, and you'll tell her everything just to fill the silence."

"I don't want them to judge me."

"They don't believe in that non-judging crap. It's human to judge. But I promise you, whatever you tell them, they'll understand. We're on Samothea now. None of what went before matters. It's a new world and a new life."

Yumi was silent a few minutes thinking, then she made up her mind. She nodded to Ezra, who waited for a lull in the general conversation.

"Ladies ..." he said.

Those who were preparing to speak swallowed back their voices and there was silence.

"Ladies, Yumi has something to say."

Yumi began. Her high-pitched voice was gentle but clear and immediately everyone was attentive.

"I know you want to hear how I came to be in Ezra's spaceship. It's a long story and a shameful one."

"Don't tell us if you'd rather not," Dagma said: an offer not universally applauded by the women.

"I will tell you, now I've encouraged myself."

"One moment," Kalyndra said. The swimmers were sitting naked under their blankets. She fetched an extra blanket for Yumi and gave Dagma her own, then she snuggled together with Devon and they were all set for the evening.

"I loved a boy on Earth," Yumi said. "His name was Michio. He's the son of the chairman of the company I worked for. We were students together, then we worked together. We had plans for the future ..."

She trailed off but she recovered her power and the order of her narrative. As dusk settled and a cold wind from the sea began to blow across the dunes, Yumi told the story of her love-affair with Michio, the problem of keeping it a secret from his father, the decision to elope to an outworld settlement and her pregnancy.

"I never told Michio I was pregnant. I didn't want to hold it over him, as blackmail. Our plan was to meet in a bar on Capella Spaceport; then we'd go far away. We'd make our fortunes on another planet and I would send for my family. It was a beautiful dream and I spent all my money on a ticket to Capella."

"I waited every evening in the bar, sending Michio messages via my brother, Itsuki, but I never received a reply from him. While I was on Capella, I learned that Michio was engaged. It was a business deal arranged by his father, not a real marriage; but it made me think that Michio encouraged me to go to Capella just to get rid of me."

"I cried all night in my hotel room. I couldn't go back to my parents now that I was pregnant, even if I had the money for a ticket to Earth. I stopped messaging Itsuki. I didn't care what happened to me. I just wanted to go even further away."

"I made a plan. I would wait at the bar for Michio until my money ran out, then I would seduce one of the prospectors or a crew-member of a freighter and stow away on his spaceship."

"My money barely lasted a week. When I was down to my last few pounds, I put on my sexiest clothes and tried to find a lonely man to take me away with him."

"Of course, I was useless at seducing men and had some unpleasant moments, but nothing too serious until I met Ezra. He turned out to be a perfect gentleman. He took me on a tour of the space-station and gave me an excellent dinner."

"I had to insist that he show me his ship and there I seduced him. That evening I gave up on Michio completely. He was married and nothing to me anymore. I looked forward to a new life on another planet because I was now running toward something, not away from something. ... I also liked Ezra. He was sweet."
