 Ch. 10 - The Madness of King Arthur 

"Hold here," Arthur said as his forces reached the edge of the woods. 

"What next, Sire?" Bedivere asked. 

"You and the men will remain here. Merlin and I shall enter Camelot undetected and see if there is any truth to Mordred's words." 

"Yes, Your Highness. I pray he is merely trying to spread a falsehood." 

"As do I," Arthur muttered, walking off with Merlin in tow. "My friend, I had thought it might be prudent to speak with our visitor from the future about this matter. What say ye?" 

"A wise decision, I should think," Merlin replied. "Shall I go on ahead and let him know of our arrival?" 

"No need; we go now." 

***** 

Madeleine paced back and forth across her bedroom, just trying to come to grips with everything she had learned in the last two days. She felt so hurt and betrayed by the secret Dave had kept from her about Camelot's future. For him to knowingly allow so many innocents to die through this was unthinkable! Still, as hard as she tried to remain angry at him, she could not. Though it would be easy to think that his only concern was for himself, she knew that was not the case. He was concerned for her as well, but even more so, his concern had to be for history and its intended path. With their mental connection, Madeleine found that she had access to vast amounts of knowledge and understanding from Dave's mind, helping to bring everything into context for her. As hurt as she had been by his revelation, she had to admit that she likely would have acted in the same way had the roles been reversed. With a heavy sigh, she stepped out onto her balcony, watching the sunrise in the distance. 

"Beautiful sight." 

Seeing Dave on his balcony as well, she replied, "Yes, I suppose it is." 

"The sun's pretty, too," Dave grinned. 

Much as she wanted to brush off his obvious compliment, Madeleine did crack a tiny smile as she stifled her own giggle. 

"There's that smile I fell in love with," Dave remarked. After a moment of silence, he continued, "Madeleine, I really am sorry. Believe me, I hated having to keep so much a secret from you, but you have to know that I wouldn't have done so if there had been another way. All I can do now is to ask your forgiveness." 

Damn you, David. You truly are the best of men. 

"I... I forgive you. Can you forgive my anger?" 

"Of course." 

Turning to face him, Madeleine was once again struck by his kindness. Even after everything she had said to him the previous day, his eyes remained warm and full of love. She could never harbor a grudge against this man. With a running start, she took to the balcony railing and leapt into his arms, kissing him passionately the moment she felt his touch. 

"I love you, David." 

"Love you too, Madeleine." 

Giggling, she replied, "I rather liked it when you called me Maddie. Do you think you could call me as such from now on?" 

"Sure, if you'll call me Dave." 

"I will try, of course, but my heart shall always know you as David, my hero." 

"As long I have you, I couldn't care less," Dave laughed. 

As they embraced, their passions began to take hold, and Madeleine's nightgown soon found itself on the floor. Her nude form was having its usual effect on Dave, accompanied by the anticipation of make-up sex. After a few moments, Madeleine disengaged from him. 

"Pardon me for a moment; I'm certain I must look dreadful. I've not even brushed my hair!" she giggled. 

"You look stunning," Dave assured her. 

"Thank you, but I would like to brush up a moment." 

"I'll be right here." 

As she bounced off to the mirror in the closet, Dave sighed with content, smiling at how things were back on track. He had been worried after their fight yesterday that she would not want to be with him anymore, but it seemed their connection was far stronger than either of them had thought. Even though he had no idea when he would be able to return home, it gave him comfort to know that he had found the woman of his dreams in the midst of this misadventure. Just envisioning their wedding and the family they would build together brought a goofy grin to his face. Only the sound of someone at his door shook him out of his little daydream. 

"David," said Arthur, entering before Dave could reply. 

"Oh! Your... Your Highness? I did not expect you back so soon," Dave answered, his face certainly showing his surprise. A quick glance at Merlin, who stood behind Arthur, confirmed that Arthur had barged in of his own accord. 

"Mitigating circumstances have arisen. I have returned to Camelot in secret, for I fear there may be additional traitors within these walls, and I seek your assistance to flush them out." 

"Dave... I'm ready," came Madeleine's sweet voice as she exited the closet. 

"What is this?" Arthur gasped, seeing the girl as naked as the day she was born. 

Madeleine had been so busy with prettying herself up that the new voices in Dave's room had not registered in her mind. She covered herself as best she could, reaching for her nightgown on the floor and hastily slipping it on. 

"I-I can explain," Dave stammered. 

"Explain what?" Arthur asked, his tone becoming harsh. "That you have done precisely what I warned you NOT to do?! That you have defiled this poor girl, endangering all of Camelot to satiate your lust?! It seems I was right about there being traitors in Camelot, and YOU are among them!" 

"No!" 

Madeleine tried to protest, but it was too late. Arthur had already drawn his sword, and Excalibur was fully cooperative with Arthur's intentions this time. As he raised the sword to strike, Dave was prepared to shield Madeleine from any attack that might come. All the while Merlin stood in stunned silence, pondering the situation at hand. 

How has it come to this? Of course Arthur is unhappy, but to brand David a traitor? It seems Mordred has already accomplished his goal: tainting Arthur's mind. By telling him of Lancelot's betrayal, Arthur now sees treachery everywhere, even where it is not. I suppose it is time. It pains me to do this to my dearest friend, but David does not deserve to meet his end in this manner. 

Just as Dave was about to conjure a shield from his aura, Merlin appeared between him and Arthur, causing his friend to recoil in surprise. 

"Merlin? What are you doing?" Arthur asked. 

"You must cease your actions, Arthur. This is not the way." 

"Stand aside, old friend." 

"I will not. These two souls have fallen in love. When David at last attains the means to return home, Madeleine shall go with him." 

"WHAT?! Have you ANY idea the sort of damage that could do to history?!" Arthur shouted. 

"It is the best solution available," Merlin replied calmly. "She does not belong here any more than David. Thus, removing her from this time period altogether will prevent any deviations in history from now until David's time." 

"All the same, he has still disobeyed my explicit orders! He must face the consequences for his actions! Even Excalibur understands that!" 

"Ah, so because you have the power to strike at him, you now intend to strike at him?" Merlin asked with a grin. 

"I do!" 

"But Arthur, I did not think might made right in your mind? I thought right made right?" Merlin countered with a knowing grin. 

"You would betray me for him, Merlin? After everything we have been through together?" Arthur seethed. 

"I do this not to save his life; I do this to save yours, Arthur." 

"MY life?! You suggest a whelp like him could be a threat to ME?!" 

"Arthur, all of Camelot is in peril because of what Mordred has done to you!" Merlin replied. "He has poisoned your mind with words of treachery, and now you see nothing but betrayal. Even if he speaks true of Sir Lancelot, your actions are not ruled by your sense of justice. You are now being driven by hatred, anger, and fear. This is precisely Mordred's wish." 

"So, you will not stand down?" Arthur asked. 

"I will not." 

"I see... then it seems I am left with no choice." 

In a flash, Arthur raised Excalibur and attempted to strike down his mentor and friend. Merlin was prepared for this, blocking Arthur's attack with his aura shield. As Arthur focused on the wily old sorcerer, he failed to notice Dave preparing his countermeasures. 

"Now!" Dave shouted. 

Merlin leapt out of the way just in time to avoid the blast of wind Dave had fired off. The wind hit Arthur squarely in the chest, sending him flying against the bed and causing his sword to clatter to the ground. 

"Go now!" Merlin said. 

"Will you be able to find us?" Dave asked. 

"Aye, now flee!" 

Just as Arthur recovered and reached for Excalibur, Dave had Madeleine in his arms, teleporting them away from the castle. Arthur screamed in fury, finding it inconceivable that Merlin would aid in their escape. 

"How could you do this to me?!" Arthur wailed, clumsily attempting to attack Merlin. 

"I am sorry, Arthur, but Mordred is the one that has done this to you." 

"SILENCE! I am still King of the Britons, ordained by God Himself! And I shall not be made a fool of by traitors and lechers!" 

Merlin sighed, realizing how far gone Arthur really was. "Very well. I suppose this is goodbye, Arthur. I pray you find peace." 

Before Arthur could reply, Merlin had vanished. Arthur seethed in rage, attacking every piece of furniture he could reach, but none of it abated his anger. For the first time in years, he felt truly alone in the world. At that moment, his thoughts turned to his wife, Guinevere. He had to know if she still loved him, for if so, she might be the only one who could calm the beast now raging about his heart. 

***** 

"Madeleine, are you hurt?" Dave asked. 

"No, I'm fine," she replied. "That was so scary..." 

"I know. I never imagined Arthur would react like that." Seeing that Madeleine and he were still dressed in their sleeping clothes, Dave changed their garments into traveling clothes. "Guess we can't go back to Camelot..." 

"But what of your things?" Madeleine asked. 

"I'm not worried about my bag; that's easily replaced. But my bow and Incantus..." 

"Worry not, David," said Merlin, arriving at their hiding spot in the woods. 

"Merlin! You made it!" Dave said. 

"Indeed. Once Arthur left your quarters, I returned in secret to retrieve your belongings. Here, your bow and satchel, and your Incantus is within." 

"Thank you," Dave sighed. "What exactly happened back there?" 

"What you saw in Arthur is, I believe, the result of Mordred's manipulations. He has somehow learned of Sir Lancelot's secret relationship with Guinevere and informed Arthur as such on the battlefield. Though his immediate goal was to create an opening through which his men could escape, it has also caused His Highness to slowly lose his wits. As a result, he now sees nothing but betrayal all around him, thus his reaction to your plans to bring Madeleine home with you. Once he discovers that Mordred spoke the truth of Sir Lancelot, I fear he will descend into complete madness." 

"So, this is it?" Dave asked. 

"I believe so. Camelot will fall this day," Merlin replied. 

"You told Merlin?" Madeleine asked. 

"No, he figured it out on his own," Dave replied. 

"Indeed. During my conversations with David, a vision came to me that showed what would happen to Lancelot, Arthur, and even Camelot itself. It saddens me, but there is no alternative. History must remain intact above all else." 

"Where do we go from here, regarding my training?" Dave asked. "Am I close to being able to return home?" 

"By my estimations, yes. However, we have far more pressing matters to attend to before that," Merlin replied. "Tell me, what do you know of Morgan le Fay as she relates to the fall of Camelot?" 

"Morgan le Fay? Let me think... she plays a role in Arthur's end, but beyond that does not do very much. Her importance in the Arthurian Legend is early in Arthur's reign, where she deceives him into impregnating her with Mordred. But in the end, I believe she ultimately comes back to Arthur's side." 

"I see... then I shall require your assistance, David." 

"My assistance? With what?" 

Merlin said, "I believe Morgan is in mortal peril from an unseen force. In our battle with Mordred's army, she and I dueled once again, and in the course of that duel, there came about a sudden change in Morgan's demeanor. For a brief moment, her bloodlust was replaced with fear and desperation. She begged for my help and swore that she had no choice in her actions against Camelot." 

"Wait, that seems familiar somehow... yes!" Dave realized. "In our skirmish with her in your workshop, she showed a look of intense fear for a moment before she fled. Could they be related?" 

"I believe so..." 

***** 

Arthur stormed through the hallways, drawing ever closer to Guinevere's bedchambers. As powerful as his rage was, a part of his mind held out hope that it was not true, that his wife had remained faithful to him. After all, Mordred had long proved to be a master of deception. What reason should Arthur have to believe him? Perhaps there was a traitor keeping Mordred informed of the happenings in Camelot, but the story of Guinevere could still be a fabrication in spite of that. Soon, he approached the door to her room. As he was about to knock, his heart sank at hearing a moan coming from the other side. 

"Oh, Lancelot..." 

No... no, it cannot be! Mordred spoke truly?! My wife has betrayed the sanctity of our marital bed... and with my finest knight no less! Treachery... there is treachery everywhere, and I shall snuff it out. And it starts NOW! 

Unlatching the door, Arthur threw it open with a mighty kick. Ahead, the two writhing bodies on the bed froze, the occupants turning to see who had intruded upon their joining. Both Lancelot and Guinevere wore expressions of shock and terror at seeing who had discovered them. 

"Arthur!" Guinevere gasped, her voice barely a whisper. 

"So, it is true," Arthur seethed in reply. 

Exiting the bed and quickly covering himself with a robe, Lancelot said, "Your Highness, I know how this must look, but if I may explain-" 

"Explain what?! That you have defiled my wife in my own bedchambers?! That you have committed an act of betrayal against your King?! NO, YOU MAY NOT EXPLAIN!" Drawing Excalibur, Arthur continued, "Sir Lancelot of Camelot, you have been caught in the act of fornication with Queen Guinevere. Will you submit yourself for judgment of your actions?" 

Hanging his head in resignation, Lancelot replied, "I suppose... I will not!" 

Grabbing a nearby candelabrum and wielding it as if it were a staff, Lancelot turned the fiery end on Arthur, keeping him at bay for a few precious seconds. He saw the look of fury in his eyes, and Lancelot knew he would have only one chance. While continuing to keep Arthur at a distance, Lancelot made his way over to the window. There, he had tied a long rope on the outside of the windowsill just such an occasion. As Arthur lunged, Lancelot tossed the candelabrum to make good his escape. Arthur managed to slice through the metal object with ease, but it was too late. Lancelot had already disappeared out the window and swung down to the ground below. Much as he wanted to follow the traitor, Arthur knew well his aging body would not be able to handle it. Thus, he turned his attention back to Guinevere. 

"Queen Guinevere, you are under arrest for the crimes of adultery, deception, and high treason against the crown." 

Guinevere said nothing at his accusations, merely slipping her dress back on and hanging her head in sorrow. 

"Guard!" Arthur called down the hallway. 

"Ah, Your Highness! I did not realize you had returned!" the man said. 

"Yes, never mind that. Get a crew of men together and build a gallows out in the courtyard right away." 

"Sire?" 

Arthur explained, "Queen Guinevere has been discovered in bed with Sir Lancelot, and an example must be made. She is to be burned at the stake." 

"I... of course. At once, Sire." 

At hearing this, Guinevere fell to the floor and wept without end. 

"I am... so sorry... Arthur," she managed. 

Arthur sighed, turning to leave. "As am I." 

***** 

Lancelot crept between the buildings, hearing a commotion of some sort ahead of him. Almost the entire garrison that had been left behind to defend Camelot was now hard at work in the middle of the courtyard. Soon, it was clear that they were preparing for an execution, which Lancelot could only surmise was meant for Guinevere and himself. Remaining hidden, he saw a familiar face approaching his hiding spot. It was the captain of the garrison, a man who had remained a longtime friend of his. 

"Brandon! Brandon, over here!" Lancelot whispered. 

Seeing him, Brandon rushed to Lancelot's side. "Sir Lancelot! What is happening? We received word that His Highness has returned and ordered the immediate execution of Queen Guinevere! He also instructs us to hunt you down!" 

"King Arthur has gone mad, I fear," Lancelot replied, knowing he had no other choice but to lie if he was to save Guinevere's life. "Something has afflicted his mind, and now he sees treachery in places it is not." 

"I see... His Highness did seem more distressed than I had ever seen him before," Brandon admitted. "Still, he gave explicit orders to arrest you on sight. What reason should I have to disobey him?" 

"He intends to execute his own wife! I ask you, what man in his right mind would do so?" Lancelot pressed. 

"I... I can think of none." 

"Precisely. Listen, I have a plan, but I shall require your aid. It is the only chance of saving Queen Guinevere's life. Will you help me?" 

Brandon studied his face for several moments. "You swear to God that His Highness is not in his right mind?" 

"I swear it. I care not if I am killed in the midst of all this, but Her Highness does not deserve to meet her end like this." 

"Very well, I shall help you," Brandon sighed. 

"Thank you, old friend. Here is what I require..." 

***** 

"Wow... that is definitely not a part of the Arthurian Legend," Dave said. "Let me see if I understand this. About a year ago, Morgan le Fay was comforting her mother, Igraine, on her deathbed. As she was dying, Morgan attempted to merge minds with her, is that correct?" 

"Yes, that is what the vision I experienced showed," Merlin replied. "But as she performed the spell, two things went horribly wrong. First, Igraine was not focused solely on the person she was to merge with. Even as she loved Morgan for this act of kindness, her thoughts still drifted to Uther Pendragon." 

"The man who killed Igraine's husband and took her as his wife, resulting in Arthur being born," Dave realized. 

"Precisely. The second thing that went wrong was that Igraine passed away before the spell could be completed. As there is no record of this happening before, I can only surmise as to what occurred next. By what I witnessed in Morgan's memory, Igraine's soul became separated from her body, yet did not transition into the afterlife. The combination of Morgan's spell and Igraine's desire for revenge tied her soul to Earth. But a soul cannot exist on its own here on Earth; it requires a living body."  

"So Igraine's soul latched onto the only living thing present: Morgan le Fay," David said. 

"Yes!" Merlin exclaimed, pleased at his apprentice's understanding. "From what Morgan showed me in her memory, Igraine's personality immediately exerted itself upon Morgan's mind. In essence, there are two individuals now residing within her. The talented young lady I first trained years ago still lives, yet she has only managed to regain power over her body for brief moments. Beyond that, she has become a slave within her own mind, subverted by Igraine's lust for vengeance." 
