 The Samothea Project's hyperspace shuttlecraft, CSS Petticoat I, landed by the Cloner City on the planet Samothea on a bright sunny morning. Yael was the first one out of the spacecraft. She wore her white airsuit. With her innocent beauty and long golden hair, she would have looked like an angel, except that compressed air tanks on her hips spoiled her sleek lines and a backpack full of physics books took the place of her wings.

Yael charged the air tanks from the ship's compressor and turned on her airsuit. She was soon surrounded by a ghostly purple aura as the squeezed-up air shimmered and whistled around her. She looked longingly at the Council Hall, where her girlfriend, Carlin, was still a Junior. Sighing, Yael put on her helmet and, with a muffled shout of "Thanks" to the Petticoat crew, took a few skips, leaped daintily into the air and released the compressed air jets. She shot straight up and made a graceful backward arc as she flew south-east toward the forest.

In less than an hour, Yael landed at the Woodlanders' Forest Camp. Shouting "Hello" to everyone and "Where's Mum?" she threw her backpack into her mother's hut and stripped off the airsuit. Straightening out a short skirt and tee-shirt as she put them on, Yael ran to the pool where Eloise and Adarna were drying off after a cooling bath.

"Mum! Mum! I'm back!" Yael yelled, pouncing on Eloise and hugging her wildly.

"Yael! I can see you're back. Stop being so silly. Let me breathe!"

"No, I won't! I love you so much, Mum!" Yael cried. "I missed you every minute!"

"Yes, yes, dear. I missed you, too. Now give your aunt Adarna a kiss and let's sit down. Then you can tell us everything you did on Celetaris."

Yael reluctantly released her mother and jumped on Adarna to hug her tightly as well.

"Welcome back, Sweetie!" Adarna said, enthusiastically returning the excited girl's stifling embrace.

Satisfied at last, Yael sat down on the bench by the clothes line, where the women usually dried off after a dip. She picked up Adarna's daughter, Tomi, who was crawling about on the ground, and held her on her lap, making faces to amuse the infant while Eloise and Adarna dressed.

Although Eloise loved her daughter more than anything in the world, she was also the least demonstrative woman in the Woodlander Camp. She kissed Yael on the forehead and sat by her, occasionally stroking her long golden hair, listening patiently while Yael told her everything she had done on Celetaris. The girl jabbered non-stop for a whole hour, by which time Eloise and Adarna were thoroughly exhausted.

They were none the less impressed that Yael had learned so much and happy that she had so thoroughly enjoyed herself. They passed no comment on the story of Ryan, which Yael told with innocent enthusiasm, sparing no details; though they shared a look to indicate that this was something to discuss later between them.

Yael told her story again to the whole tribe at the feast that night, commanding everyone's attention from the moment they sat down to the moment the night rain started and they gratefully retired to their huts. Many things had happened in the forest while Yael was away: many women also had stories to tell; but they were all sidelined by the juggernaut of Yael's breathless romance.

No one really minded that Yael hogged the conversation. Instead, they were pleased that a daughter of the tribe had learned so much and that she was bringing two friends to come and visit them.

Next day, Yael flew in her airsuit to the Herders' midway camp to see Judith, her Herder mother. Now she told the Herder tribe everything she had done on Celetaris, with a special emphasis on the exploits of Wildchild, who had been born a Herder. It was a pity Wildchild's mother, Galatea, was in the Cloner City. She would have rejoiced to hear the news.

Judith was enchanted by Yael's visit, though she wasn't entirely sure about Ryan and wanted to know whether his intentions were honourable, who his family were and what were his prospects. Yael delighted in the contrast between her cool natural mother and her over-protective Herder mother. She slept in Judith's bed that night and next morning flew at last to the Cloner City to see her girlfriend, Carlin.

Carlin was the most senior of the Juniors now. She remained in her role beyond her nineteenth birthday because Jane Bradford, the Petticoats' doctor, was in the Cloner City, revolutionising medicine on Samothea. Most of what Carlin learned from Madam Medic was now redundant; so Carlin and anyone who could be spared, including Madam Medic herself, took daily medical lessons from Doctor Bradford.

The Petticoats brought medical equipment, thickly shielded from the cosmic rays, to rebuild the clinic. Jane Bradford showed her students how the various instruments worked and the modern nursing techniques they made possible. There was a lot to learn and Carlin took her duties seriously, both as a Junior and a medical student.

Two years before, Solange had suggested that Gloria accept Wildchild as a Junior, expanding the intake of girls to the outer tribes. Wildchild had been such an unexpected success that no one afterward questioned Solange's ideas in regard to the Juniors.

Now there were seven Juniors, more than ever before. Besides Carlin, there was Odette, the skilled Mariner sculptress, the second-most senior of the Juniors. She was the first Mariner to become a Junior. The others were a Herder girl, two Farmers and a Cloner girl.

The Cloner girl was Crystal, the serious-minded geek who had been Madam Scientist's assistant since before she was a teenager. Later, she helped as a part-time teacher in the nursery school. Skinny with dirty blonde hair that tended toward the wiry and pale because she spent too much time indoors as a girl, Crystal sported a scar on her temple from when Belena Mariner went nuts and vandalised the Cloning Lab, accidentally striking Crystal who bravely confronted her. Now she was just eighteen, Crystal was the newest Junior.

Still a geek, Crystal had lost her serious manner and, instead, gained an unexpected cheekiness. She also fancied Carlin something rotten and didn't try to hide her infatuation.

Extra Juniors meant more work because Carlin didn't merely give orders but got her hands dirty helping the girls with their duties, showing them how to make unpleasant chores more palatable. This hot afternoon, she sacrificed some of her free time to give the girls a pep-talk and hear their complaints, leaving Odette alone on duty to look after any of the Councillors' needs and to answer the front door.

Yael, a blonde whirlwind, landed at the Cloner City on a sultry day, when almost everyone was having a rest after lunch. She stripped off her airsuit and folded it away. The grey mini-skirt and short yellow slip top she pulled out of her backpack were sadly crumpled. Yael tried shaking them out but decided they would have to do as they were. She put on the clothes, hefted the backpack over her shoulders and ran up to the Council Hall to knock excitedly at the door.

It took a minute of impatient rapping before Odette responded to the summons.

"Hello, Miss Junior," Yael spurted excitedly, without looking at who greeted her. "I'm Yael Eloisesdaughter Woodlander. I'm here to see Carlin Erinsdaughter. Can I see her, please? Where is she?"

"Yael. It's me, Odette."

"Odette!" Yael cried, leaping up to hug the Mariner girl. "I didn't recognise you with your clothes on!"

This odd statement was because the Mariners generally wore short leather skirts and jackets, but they worked naked, so they were often unclothed around the camp. Now Odette was in a very fetching mid-length blue dress with bare arms.

"Here, give me your pack," Odette said. "Carlin's with the Juniors in the dormitory. I'll show you the way."

"Thanks. I know it!"

Leaving her pack with Odette, Yael sprinted up the stairs, three at a time, shouting "Carlin, Carlin!"

The commotion alerted Madam Gloria, Prefect of Samothea, who had been reading in her room. She came to the balcony to see Yael bouncing upstairs.

"Good afternoon, Yael," she called out across the corridor.

"Hi, Gloria," Yael cried happily but she didn't stop to talk.

Odette followed at a more respectable pace. At the top of the stairs, she dropped a deeper curtsey than normal to Gloria, as if to make up for Yael's lack of manners, but Gloria only smiled and waved her on. She knew what drove Yael and would never put her dignity before young love.

Yael crashed into the Junior dormitory, interrupting the meeting, crying: "Carlin: I'm back, I'm back!"

Surprised but happy, her girlfriend raced to the door to greet her.

"Yael! I'm glad you're here!"

They hugged tightly. Carlin let Yael kiss her for a full minute before releasing her excited girlfriend. She knew all the Juniors were staring at them. Carlin began to go pink but she wouldn't let embarrassment deflect her.

"Give me ten minutes to sort these girls out," she said, "then we can have a good chat."

"But I've so much to tell you!" Yael protested, vibrating with excitement. "And I've missed you ever so much! And I'm eighteen now! And, and, and ... everything!"

To the amusement of the Juniors, Yael held Carlin tightly around the waist, kissing her neck and cheeks from the back, as her girlfriend turned to address the Juniors and continue her work. Girls less inquisitive than the Juniors, or people on any planet other than Samothea - where consideration for privacy existed only in theory - might have left the two lovers alone. But everyone wanted to stay and watch, happy for Carlin and keen to see how the girls made love.

"Stop it, Yael!" Carlin said firmly, shrugging a shoulder, trying to shake off her grabby girlfriend. "Behave yourself! I'll attend to you when I'm done with my duties!"

"But I..."

Carlin turned and held Yael's cheeks in her hands. She planted a firm kiss on Yael's lips and then said:

"Now, that's enough. I've got work to do. Why don't you go and annoy someone else?"

"Ooh," Yael protested, smiling at her forthright friend.

This was a new Carlin. Despite her flushed cheeks, which was a reflex she couldn't control, she was no longer a demure silent girl, shy and reserved. This was a young woman with responsibilities and a will.

"Can't I stay here?" Yael pleaded. "I'll be quiet, I promise."

"You can't be quiet for two minutes ..."

"Of course, I can!"

Carlin raised a finger again and Yael went silent.

"... but I'll let you stay."

Yael was delighted at the change in her girlfriend. Carlin showed more assertiveness than she had ever seen before. The delicate forest flower who rarely spoke in public, was bold enough to tell her voluble girlfriend to shut up. Yael made the 'button my lips' gesture and sat happily on a bed, knees modestly together, big brown eyes focussing on her girlfriend, love shining on her face, while Carlin attended to the various problems of the Juniors.

The main thing Yael noticed was that Solange had done more than extend the age-range and increase the numbers of the Juniors. She had also taught her style of leadership. Carlin led the Juniors in exactly the same way that Solange once led the Herders.

Carlin gave no orders and told no one off publicly. She listened and asked questions. She took every problem seriously, however trite or exaggerated (as might be expected from a bunch of teenage girls). She heard each Junior's complaint patiently and offered careful advice.

Her approach taught the Juniors a sense of perspective. What seemed like an overwhelming disaster to a girl only an hour ago now somehow seemed simple or even petty. It was amazing how the Juniors also managed to think up the solutions themselves, so that they should have something constructive to tell Carlin and not just burden her with their gripes.

One change Carlin had to make was when the Herder Junior moaned that she was the only one who tended the horses. This was a fair complaint, now that Solange and Ash were permanently in the Cloner City, and Galatea, Chief of the Herder Tribe, visited so often. It had been a simple solution to get the Herder Junior to care for the horses; but there was no joy for a Junior in working alone. A job took only half the time when it was shared. It felt like it took even less time when there was someone to talk to. 

Carlin quickly reorganised the work-schedules so that another Junior would help tend the horses.

Having checked that the Juniors understood the various rosters for cleaning, making beds, clearing the table, cleaning the bathroom, pumping fresh water, doing the washing, stacking the towels and assisting the cooks, Carlin ended by saying:

"I'm going to prepare a spare bedroom now for Yael and me. We are not to be disturbed by any of you, not for any reason, nor at any time!"

The Juniors passed knowing smiles between themselves. The girls had started learning about sex when they became Juniors, but Carlin never joined in their experiments because she was waiting for her girlfriend to return. Which was right now. They couldn't have been more happy for her.

"You can stop smiling at me like that," Carlin said, trying to sound stern. "What I'd like to see while I'm busy is that, for once in your lazy lives, you wenches clean up the unwholesome mess you've made of this dormitory!"

The Juniors affected to protest the injustice of this accusation, while the guilty evidence was strewn on the floor around their feet, spread over their beds and on every spare surface.

"Go on, off with you," Carlin said, ignoring their protests. "Go and be useful!"

The Juniors loved Carlin and regretted that she didn't want to be bedmates with them. The next best thing was to help her and Yael. They fetched Carlin's belongings, Yael's pack, some bed sheets, a blanket and pillows and took them to the spare bedroom. Within minutes, the bedroom was prepared and the girls waited around the bed for Carlin's inspection.

All the while, Yael remained amazingly quiet, following the action into the corridor and the nearby bedroom, pleased that the Juniors liked Carlin so much.

"Thank you, girls," Carlin said, but still the Juniors stayed.

"What is it?" Carlin asked.

"We want to stay and watch," said Crystal, with her characteristic cheekiness.

Yael laughed but Carlin wasn't having any of it.

"Under no circumstances."

"But we love you, Carlin, and we want to see you happy," Crystal protested.

"I don't care. Now off with you all!"

"Not unless you kiss us first."

"Oh, God!"

"Yes, yes, yes," they all agreed. "Just a kiss."

"Useless wenches!" Carlin complained but they lined up by the door to be kissed.

Odette was first and she hugged Carlin, whispering to her:

"You don't mind?"

"Keep them busy for a couple of hours, will you?" Carlin said.

Carlin kissed Odette on the lips and then the others in turn, ending up with Crystal. Unlike the other Juniors, who took their kisses and skipped off into the corridor, Crystal stayed put and stuck her bottom out, inviting a spank.

Yael was again impressed by the good wallop Carlin gave the girl's perky buttocks, a resounding slap that made the Junior jump and cry out "Ooh!"

Giggling, Crystal winked at Yael and skipped happily away to her chores, leaving Carlin and Yael alone at last.

Carlin shut the door. The two girls stood either side of the bedroom, just looking at each other, gazes fixed, love shining from their faces, desire burning in their eyes.

"I love you, Yael," Carlin said. "I've missed you every day, dreamed about you every day and longed for you to be back."

"I love you, Carlin," Yael said, more relieved than she could imagine that Carlin's feelings hadn't changed during their separation. "I'm sorry I was away so long."

"You're here now. That's all that matters. ... You've grown."

"So have you."

"An inch, barely. You look six inches taller."

"Do you mind?"

"Do I mind that my bedmate is the most beautiful girl on Samothea? Yes, I mind very much."

"'Bedmate,' you said."

"Well, it's true!"

"That's my line!" Yael protested, laughing.

All the while, they had been inching closer to each other. Now they were just a step apart.

"I'm eighteen now ..." Yael said.

"I know ..."

"... and I've got so much to tell you."

"I know that, too. It can wait."

Now they were an inch apart.

"But it's important," Yael said.

"So is this."

"But I need to know that you don't mind ..."

"Yael, the only thing I mind is that we're not making love right now. You can talk later - if I let you."

With that, to Yael's delight, the newly assertive Carlin grabbed her girlfriend and pulled her into a clinch, mouth-to-mouth, arms around Yael's tiny waist, who responded by holding Carlin tightly around the neck. Their tongues pressed together.

They kissed for ages, savouring the first physical declaration of love, getting to know each other in ways they had only dreamed about.

They had kissed before, as friends and as promised bedmates, for joy and for love but not like this, with all their longing and love pressed into a first act of connection that neither girl wanted to end.

Though it was the newly confident Carlin who initiated the lovemaking, it was Yael who was the experienced one and she eventually took charge, bringing Carlin to a level of excitement she had never known before.

As she became more aroused, Carlin dropped back into her submissive mode, where she wanted Yael to lead and she would follow, as Yael, though the younger, had led them in their games and harebrained jinks in the forest.

It was a twist that the girls barely noticed, so intense was the feeling, that Yael the chatterbox, the incessant talker, who was apt to vocalise every event in her life, was almost silent during sex, floating on waves of emotion too intense for her to express in words. But Carlin, the silent girl, the shy elfin beauty, found a release in talking during sex, telling Yael what she felt, how much she loved her, what she wanted, exclaiming: "Do that again," "Touch me here," "Just there, right there! Oh, God! Just like that!"

Even when she couldn't speak, Carlin still vocalised everything she felt, with a moan, a sigh or a plea, as the girls held each other, learning and discovering together with questing fingers and teasing tongues.

As Yael cherished Carlin's curvy body, she was delighted to find sensitive kissing-spots on her ribs, around her belly-button, the underside of her tits, the backs of her knees and, especially, her inner thighs. Yael worked these points with joy.

She had a mixture of styles, going by what, as a woman, she wanted done to herself, slowly and sensuously, but also trying to do to Carlin what Ryan did to her, simulating Ryan's horny eagerness and natural domination; but her strength was a woman's strength and her rhythm was a woman's rhythm.

Yael slowed down to tease and delay, caressing lightly, giving little kisses, licks and nibbles, as Carlin held her tightly, feeling everything that Yael felt, synchronised with her girlfriend in body and soul.

They shifted position often and took turns to tease, kiss or caress, always in contact, breathing in rhythm. The next time Yael was on top, she kissed down Carlin's stomach to play her tongue along the gap between belly and thigh. At the same time, she brushed the outside of a finger nail along Carlin's pussy, the first time she had touched her there.

Carlin sighed happily and Yael did it again. Carlin shut her eyes and leaned back, spreading her thighs. Yael lightly fingered all around her girlfriend's wet pussy as Carlin breathed heavily. She gave out a little whimpering moan when Yael brushed the hood of her clitoris, with a touch as soft as a breath. So Yael did it again. And again.
