 They left a few days later. She did what she could for the village and the household, but they were no longer her primary concern. Her body was undergoing some sort of change. Looking at herself in a mirror, she saw no difference but she felt it inside her. It seemed to blossom from her womb, spreading throughout. The image in the mirror regarded her quizzically, black eyes, no longer filled with despair, but with a new life.

The man had moved into the house with her. The villagers and women of the household gossiped amongst themselves but she didn't care. This new life had awakened her desire and she turned to him again and again, her omeko wet with anticipation. He accepted her with a passion matching her own and the house was filled with the sounds of her orgasms. She experimented with things she had only giggled about with her friends. Lying on the futon, she played with his cock, examining the veins and glans, stroking, licking, nibbling, before taking it into her mouth. She looked into his eyes. He smiled and she began sucking, taking in as much of his cock as she could. The heat, radiating inside her mouth, excited her and she decided she wanted to taste him. She began bobbing her head rapidly, making wet noises with the strength of her suction, cheeks hallowed by the vacuum. She suddenly wanted more than anything in the world for his cum to fill her mouth.

"My prince, I want you now," She managed to mumble, her lips returning to his cock.

He grabbed her head and thrust himself repeatedly into her hungry lips. Throwing his head back, he vented a loud groan and poured fourth a molten cascade into her throat. Again the burning sensation, this time in her mouth. She swallowed and went back for more, her insides burned. She had no conscious control, she only wanted the cum. Her body was on fire. She orgasmed again and again. Finally, every last drop licked up, she came slowly back to awareness and looked around with amazement.

He watched her, full of love and a hint of amusement. He knew full well what she was going through, though it had been centuries before when he went through it himself. Far better, he thought, to have someone with you who cares than to go through the anxiety and exhilaration on your own.

She moved to lie on top of him, craving the warmth of his body, and fell into a deep sleep, cradled in his arms, the fire spreading within her.

She walked behind him down the road. He had told her that was not necessary between them, but she primly ignored him. The sun was out and picked out the wonderful array of colors in her kimono as she walked, taking many small steps to each of his long strides. The world was full of life. She gazed about in wonder at the newness. She heard small birds rustling in the bushes along the road, felt creatures watching them from the trees as they passed. She bumped into him, caught up in the natural pageantry around her. He laughed and pinched her on the ass. She squealed and ran away, restricted by her geta and kimono. Her straw sun hat bounced awry on her head as she came to a stop and turned to face him reproachfully, fluttering her fan in front of her face.

They were now several days walk from her former estate. The time had come when he had said they must go. She had become complacent with her newfound life, making passionate love at all hours of the day or night, making up for her lost youth, but then her lover insisted that they move on.

"There is some place I must show you."

He explained that he was on a pilgrimage. He was bound for the shrine of Tsukiyomi, far away from traveled regions. He must be there on a certain date. He would tell her no more until later. "You will know everything soon enough." He would say soberly, a shadow passing across his face. They passed many people on the road, merchants carrying products, couriers running messages, and the ever present groups of armed men, bristling with spears. They passed through several checkpoints, guarded by armored samurai. His foreign countenance caused a stir, though he had left the huge flamberge behind and carried the daisho of a samurai. He presented his talisman and the guards bowed them through.

The first nights, along the traveled paths, they spent in luxurious ryokan, enjoying dishes prepared by artists, the feel of fresh tatami and lacquered wood, and portions of heated discussions between other guests through the thin shoji walls. Later, in their room, he would massage her aching legs, unused to such long days of travel. Gradually, under his sure touch, the aches would fade away, to be replaced by that now familiar heat. They would soak languorously in the rotemburo until she required him in her mouth or her omeko. Then they would screw beneath the stars in the hot water until she found a more pleasant exhaustion and ran through the Autumn air, their breath and bodies steaming into the night, to their room and the warm futon.

Tonight, away from civilization, they would sleep on bare ground beneath the open sky. She laid out their blankets while he built a fire. The forest closed around them and the air had a chill bite. As the sky darkened, and the three-quarter moon rose above the trees, she was amazed by the myriad sounds of the night. He stood, watching the rising moon, his body tensed with a tinge of restlessness. She felt it too, an air of expectation.

He came and sat beside her on the blankets, and they watched the fire jumping and dancing before them. Breaking his reverie, she opened her kimono and brought his head to her breast. Lying back, she gazed at the moon as he nipped playfully at her stiffened nipples, reaching down to fondle her breasts through the material of her kimono. She arched her back to his touch, the light of the moon picking out the details of her face and shining seductively on her beautiful breasts when he moved away to undo his clothing.

His face blocked out the moon as he returned to kiss her mouth. She felt his length along her thigh and pulled him to her, moving herself against his hardened erection. He moved the kimono aside and teased her cleft with the shaft of his cock, moving it lengthwise along her omeko and spreading her labial lips. She responded by grinding herself into him, raising and lowering her hips. She reached under herself and found his balls, fondling them gently. Rolling over, she got to her knees and turning her head to look at him, wagged her dripping wet omanko in front of his face. The flickering firelight made dancing shadows across her skin. He moved behind her and parted her lips with the head of his cock.

"Now," she groaned and faced out into the night. She felt his cock slowly open her and pressed herself backwards to take more of him inside. She felt her energy building as she spread around him, and he began to slowly move inside her with gradually increasing rhythm. Soon his balls were slapping against her comely buttocks as he thrust repeatedly with a faster pace and harder beat. She began to pant and whimper in time to his thrusts and rising up on her knees, reached back to pull his mouth to hers. His hands found her breasts, and he increased the speed of his thrusting towards a crescendo, causing her to cry out and drop back to her hands and knees in anticipation of her climax . When she did, she was frozen by the two pairs of yellow eyes, regarding her from the undergrowth, mere meters in front of her.

The bushes parted and a large gray wolf padded silently into the clearing. She shrank back against him in fright. He wrapped an arm around her waist and stroked her hair quietly. The male wolf stopped in front of them and stood watching them. His mate remained at the wood line.

He pulled out of her and stepped around her to stand in front of the wolf, making an unusual sight, a nude man, erection sticking out in front of him, and a battle scarred wolf, motionless in the moonlight. She watched this diorama, frozen in time, until the wolf turned, rejoined his mate, and they slipped away about their hunting. She felt there had been some communication between them she could almost overhear.

He turned back to her. "Wolves mate for life you know."

"As I to you." She pulled him back to her. They walked further into the mountains, down barely discernable trails. She wondered that he knew his directions as they went above the snow line. Flakes fell lazily through the air, and their breath came out in puffs. They were far from any sign of habitation.

The wolves they had encountered paced them as they travelled, joined by their offspring, two pups about a year old. She saw them occasionally, inquisitive eyes regarding them from the bushes. Once, he pointed them out to her, far away, frolicking in a snow covered meadow.

At night, with the moon shining down almost full, the air was charged with electricity. Sounds and smells filled her senses like never before, making sleep impossible. Her joints ached and she bristled at small movements around her. She knew something was coming.

The next evening they arrived. They stood on the edge of a small clearing. New snow covered the ground, more falling from the gray sky. The small lodge, with its travellers shrine, stood forlorn in the clearing. Built on stilts, the entry into the tired gray lodge was above the snow.

He stood in the wood line studying the structure and the ground around it, almost testing the air. Her own discomfort had grown throughout the day. The hair on the back of her neck felt as if it were standing straight out, even though it was much too long and tied down under her hat.

He shrugged and they moved into the clearing. They came to the shrine, laid some rice balls as offering and headed for the lodge. The structure was old. The stairs groaned as they climbed to the entryway. He slid the doorway open and looked into the darkened interior. They left their sandals in the entryway and he hurried across the old wood floor to the cooking area to start a fire, dropping their pack along the way. The place smelled of hundreds of years of smoke. The small fire did little to push back the shadows, so he lit the shoji lanterns. The smoke from the small cooking area rose through blackened rafters and the dark space above, to find some escape into the night outside.

With the fire going,, he laid out the futon. Wearily, and aching all over, she went immediately to its warmth. He knelt in seiza to meditate and she watched the light flickering over his back from the warmth of her covers. Time passed. She was used to these periods of silence and practiced them herself. If only she didn't hurt so bad she would join him.

Suddenly, the lodge shook with a huge roar and he leaped straight up into the rafters. A shrill scream followed but she was unaware as she was wracked with extreme pain. A short sword fell from overhead and with a thunk stuck into the floor. A mass of black cloth followed, slamming into the wall of the lodge and falling heavily to the floor. A rush of movement from the blackness was followed by a grunt and a second bundle fell to the floor then all was quiet.

She rose from the futon and went over to sniff the black bundle. It was a man, covered completely in black cloth, face blackened with soot. The weapons he carried had never had time to leave their saya.

She looked up into the blackness above the rafters. A pair of yellow eyes reflected the light of the fire and the lanterns. Leisurely, a large form dropped back to the floor of the lodge and sat on its haunches, the yellow eyes watching her. It seemed to be transforming as she watched, fluidly changing shape. Clawed hands changed into paws. The head, with its huge jaws became streamlined. The spine changed. Soon, a large black wolf sat on the floor, tongue hanging out the side of his mouth, regarding her with the same yellow eyes.

Shyly, she moved over to him. His tailed thumped on the wood of the floor. They touched noses. He rose and, using his nose opened the doorway. They went out into the clearing.

Outside, the night was still. The wolf that had accompanied them on their journey walked out of the wood line, leaving fresh tracks in the new snow. His mate and the cubs worried their catch in the bushes, another black bundle of meat. The three wolfs met in the center of the clearing, soon to be joined by the mate and cubs. They exchanged greetings in their own way and ran off into the night.