 Author's Note: I advise reading Tsunami Pussy, Three's a Crowd, Orgasmic Overload, and Over-Endowed before reading this. You can find them all by searching my name. They're not entirely necessary, but they provide an introduction and backstory for most characters in this story. Plus I like them.

*****

Crowds never interested her. Just loud masses of people without much clue about what they were doing, crammed together without room to move freely. Hands and elbows grazed her breasts and hips. By accident, she was sure, but some were less careful. One girl reached around and groped her in plain view. The feeling of their fingers sinking into her breasts, deeper and deeper until she reached the sensitive bundle in their centre. Sera couldn't take much more.

She pushed her way through the throngs of futanari, panting from both exhaustion and budding arousal. These women might share a form of her... unique affliction, but they were strangers to her. Some worse than that. While Yoko hadn't sent her to find many, she'd read files on several. Not every futa was nice.

Unfettered air graced her lungs as she burst from the perimeter. Late arrivals joined in, introducing themselves above the ambient roar of the others. Sera slunk away to a nearby tree and popped a few more buttons on her shirt, letting her cleavage breathe the way it wanted. Inside, her dicks hardened and strived for escape. She'd spent most of her life that situation, however, and immediately preoccupied her mind with the school.

Or rather, the town. Nobody knew Yoko's exact fortune, even the enigmatic futa herself, but it couldn't be less than billions. Even with contributions from supporters, this entire town had been remodelled, transformed into a haven for people like Sera. She still didn't know what that meant, having only heard the brief details from Yoko.

The town itself was just an accessory to the school. Its campus spread wider than she could see, resembling the most stunning ivy league colleges. Long stretches of grass interwoven with pavement and trees accented the intimidating buildings. Only three that she could see for now. Two were dorms, one for futanari and the other for their friends that came with, and the third was the central school. A bridge connected all three for easy access.

Her dorm was painted a cool blue, trimmed with silver and greys that gave it a modern feel. As its opposite, the women's was a rustic brick colour. The school met somewhere in between, like a melding of the old and new. Perhaps that was Yoko's intention. Sera shrugged and turned her attention to the ongoing stream of arrivals.

She hadn't seen the two she'd personally visited. Piper and Ashley were their names if she recalled. One hadn't been much different in appearance to an average futa, perhaps more endowed, but it was her insides that astounded Sera. According to reports, she'd flooded her bedroom, nearly drowning in the process, and done the same for a police station. Sera had witnessed the latter. But it was the other that grasped her attention. So similar yet different.

"Oh, hey it's you! Sera, right?"

Sera started at her name and saw a familiar face approaching. She was accompanied by a trio of women, all staring around in blatant awe just as Sera had first done, and wore a supposedly loose shirt. Despite such intent, it was pulled taut around three separate phalli. Moisture syphoned any air from the garment, accentuating every ridge in the three.

"Yes! You're Piper."

"Yep, great to see you again. I got worried when you up and vanished after our fun," Piper said, pulling the Hispanic girl into a lax hug. Her cocks rubbed against Sera's naked breasts, drawing a slight moan as her own members begged to be freed.

"Y-yeah, same here," Sera extracted herself and tried looking at the others, but her eyes inevitably drifted to Piper's dicks. While not the largest, she doubted anyone could take such a title from Yoko, each member was thick and throbbing. Didn't she masturbate?

"Helen, you've got some cum on your cheek."

"Oh, right. Thanks," Helen said and swiped it into her mouth, moaning at the taste, "Fuck, now I want more."

Sera gulped. That meant Piper had cum recently, probably multiple times, and she was still hard. She tore her eyes away and looked at the rest, noticing swollen bellies and dishevelled clothes. Some of their makeup was smudged. How was it that Piper knew not one, or even two, but three girls willing to sleep with her? It wasn't fair.

"So, uh, you find everything okay?" Sera asked, wanting to ignore the squeak of jealousy in her head.

"Yeah. Once we got off the bus, there was this driver waiting for us. She was real cute. Oh shit, I forgot to apologise."

"For what?" That was likely Yoko's employee. If they did something to upset Yoko, then that could be disastrous. Sera's mind whirled, certain this paradise would come crashing down because of one mistake that she wasn't even responsible for.

"I might've made a mess in the back of the limo. Really can't blame me. She was hot, and these three are always horny."

"Your friends or..."

"Both," Piper chuckled and pecked a couple of friends on their flushed cheeks, "Plus that pizza they gave us really needed some cum."

Sera mulled it over, certain it was a sexual term of some kind. No way would someone cum on their food. Even if futa semen was delicious, especially her own. So sweet and creamy, it just flows down the throat and warms her all over...

"Hey, I know you," someone said, interrupting her thoughts. Sera looked away from Piper and her perpetually hard cocks, to see another familiar face, "It's Ashley. You kind of saved me after that, uh, incident." Ashley giggled and her ebony cheeks darkened at the memory.

"Yes, I remember," Sera grinned. How couldn't she? That day had stepped well into the realm of absurdity. Even so, Ashley's smile would wrestle her own into the open. Then her attention shifted to Piper.

"Holy sh... um, sorry. I'm Ashley."

"Piper," the tri-cocked futa said, taking the other girl's hand.

"Sorry," Ashley said, having been fixated on the erections.

"It's okay," Piper said, patting and massaging the new arrival's shoulder, "I don't think I'd have made it through school if I cared about people looking."

"Wait, so everyone at your school knows about... you?"

"Can't exactly hide these things," Piper laughed, hugging herself and hunching over. Doing so just let a drop of pre-cum fall to the floor.

"Yeah, I see what you mean."

"You're pretty good at hiding yours," Piper said, studying the crotch of Ashley's dress. Now that Sera looked, a faint bulge disturbed the otherwise elegant garment. It was unavoidable with how her curves flattened the folds, "What's with the dress?"

"I wanted to make a good impression."

"Might be a little overdressed," Piper noted. She had no qualms with showing off her body it seemed, or rather, she couldn't have any. Self-consciousness would just get in the way for her, and her outfit reflected that. Shorts, a tank top, shoes and socks. Not even a bra. The shorts pulled taut around her thighs, stretched by a large bulge.

"I think it looks nice," Sera said.

"Thanks," Ashley's smile returned, dispelling the shadows on her face like a sunrise. Sera turned away, hiding her blush. She clenched her thighs together, stiffening at the moisture she felt. Before she could worry further, a hush swept across the crowd. All attention fell to the main building, where a stunning woman stood. Whispers occupied the vacant clamour, but was silenced just as quickly.

"Thank you all for coming here today," Yoko's heavy accent carried through a microphone. Distorted or not, her voice dripped with sensuality. Piper and Ashley both strained to get a better look, the multi-pronged futa even climbing a nearby tree.

"Holy shit, she's stacked!" Piper said.

"Who is it?" Ashley asked.

"That's Yoko Toriyama, the founder," Sera explained.

"And one hell of a futa. Her cock might be bigger than all mine put together." Ashley just stared at her for a moment, calculating the result, before it dawned on her.

"Fuck me..."

"That's what I was thinking," Piper giggled.

"This establishment is for futanari, in other words, almost everyone gathered here. The birthrates for futanari has been increasing the past decades, and so I wanted to help. Here, you can learn and explore and love without judgement. All we ask is that you're safe and don't make too much mess," Yoko chuckled at the spark of conversation, before commanding attention once more.

"With that said, the teachers will take a small group each and take you around the campus. Classes begin next week, so please get well acquainted with each other. Any questions will be answered by faculty. I look forward to the years to come."

The staff went through a list, calling names to stand in columns. Already, friends and enemies had formed. One futa with short, cobalt hair had a platoon around her, all fussing over her. Another with platinum blonde hair down to her thighs seemed almost solitary, despite having three futanari talking with her, like she was above them. Others bonded over their unique bodies. One even had balls that reached her knees.

Sera fell in line as her name was called. She waved to Ashley and Piper, certain she'd see them soon enough, given their similar ages. As she waited, a set of fingers tapped her shoulder.

"Long time no see," Piper said, then glanced to another column, frowning as her three friends joined it. None of the girls were futanari that Sera could discern.

"They must be the relief volunteers," Sera said.

"Uh, what?" Ashley asked, eyes darting between the line of girls, "Does that mean what I..."

"Yes. It's not that hard to imagine, really," Sera said.

"Yeah, I mean, if the average futa is half as horny as I am, we'll need all the 'relief' we can get," Piper smirked, eyeing her way down the line. Many were looking at the futanari, some shocked, others intrigued, and more aroused. A small group seemed uninterested, however, their eyes locked straight ahead.

Once everyone was accounted for, the groups separated into different directions. For now, they toured the school grounds, leaving the town proper for a later date. A gymnasium stood behind the first three buildings, of a scale to match any sports college. Past it was a series of greenhouses and allotments. A fence separated an outdoor basketball and tennis court from the rest, and lead into a massive, open field.

"What doesn't this place have?" Ashley asked, gawking at the excess surrounding her. Piper nodded in agreement. They hadn't gone inside yet, and already it threatened to overwhelm them. Sera stuck close to the two, worried she might lose her way. The interiors didn't disappoint either.

The outside might give the impression of hollowness. They seemed like too much, a series of mountains too high to surmount. Nothing could fill such a space. Sera wondered if Yoko had gone too far, expecting to find chandeliers or a fountain, paintings or abstract artworks. But one step inside and she felt strangely at home.

Warm oak greeted her eyes and a soft, timber scent invited her to breathe deep. No paintings cramped the halls, only the ornate carvings in corners and posts. It tiptoed the line of extravagance like a dancer. Sera trailed her hand along a wall, needing the tangibility to confirm that this was real. Tall ceilings gave them a wide berth, and the wide halls allowed pairs to form. Sunlight poured through rustic windows and painted the reception hall in its glow.

"This is insane," Ashley said.

"Yeah," Sera nodded. They were led along the classrooms, each equipped with top of the line computers. Some had blackboards and desks, others offered beanbags instead of chairs. How much had Yoko planned for? Eventually, they came to the dorms.

"When I call your names, come forward and collect your room key. Only two people can stay in a room. If you or your roommate desire a threesome or more, please notify Miss Calipher and we will prepare the appropriate room."

"What?" The question passed everyone's lips in some form.

The teacher smiled, "Everyone on the faculty understands what a futa deals with. Some more than others," her eyes somehow tracked down Sera, Piper and Ashley. A hand shot up.

"So, we can just ask and we can have an orgy?"

"Yes, though I advise against it on school nights. I know this seems like a lot to take in, so we'll finish the rest of orientation tomorrow. In the meantime, there will be flyers in your rooms. Now, if there are no more questions, let's move on."

The group dwindled as excited pairs ran off to inspect their lodgings. Sera didn't imagine the rooms would be anything special. Two beds, a closet perhaps, and some basic necessities. After seeing everything the school already possessed, the budget must've worn out somewhere.

"Sera Flores, Ashley Leeds."

"Well," Ashley said, "Guess we're roommates."

"Yeah. Sorry if I'm a bother," Sera said as she took her key, "Um, Miss, is the room, uh... equipped for me?"

"Yoko was very specific about your needs. In fact, that's why you and Miss Leeds are together."

"Oh, good," Sera sighed, a small weight leaving her chest. At least she wouldn't be rushing in and out to milk herself. She caught a questioning look from Ashley, "I'll explain later."

"Piper Fontaine, your roommate is running late. She should be here by the start of term, but for now, you'll be on your own."

"Aww," Piper pouted, "It's no fun just jerking myself off."

"I never said you can't fuck your neighbours or friends while here. They just can't stay the night," the teacher explained, sliding her gaze to Piper's bouquet of cocks, "Faculty are also free to offer their 'company' if desired."

"I might take you up on that," Piper beamed, "Oh, hey! I'm right next door to you guys."

"Really?" Sera reciprocated, exhaling a long breath. Maybe they grew to dislike each other as the year went by, but she appreciated having people she could trust nearby. Even by futanari standards, she was an oddity. So was Ashley and Piper. For the first time in her life, maybe she wasn't alone.

They took the elevator to the second floor. It was an unusual ride. Not because the compartment looked or acted strange, but for the smell. The moment it pinged its arrival, all three understood what that pungent odour was. Piper wasted no time and got in, pointing out a white stain along the wall. Ashley and Sera shared a blush then joined her, trying to ignore the smell, and what it did to their bodies.

Sera tugged on her shirt. Her skin was clammy and pulled the fabric taut against her, which did nothing to hide her bra, nor the increasingly obtuse bumps that synced to her stampeding heart. Two girls, both hot as the other, were so close. She could touch them. Feel them. Ashley groaned softly, yet it rang higher than Sera's heartbeat in her ears. She looked and the dark skinned futa adjusted her dress.

"That room better be air conditioned," Piper said, the only one unaffected it seemed. Of course she wasn't, Sera rationalised, she had enough libido for the three of them and then some. A drop of pre-cum seeped through Piper's shirt and rolled down a vein, before plopping against the metal floor. Sweat tried to do the same on Sera's brow.

Something about repressed lust dragged time to a loathsome halt. Sera bit and sucked on her lip, arms folded under her heavy tits, their weight pushing harder by the second, and her thighs slid together despite the humidity. Pressure built in her breasts. They gurgled and firmed in her embrace. The bumps stretched to protrude over an inch.

"Come on, come on, come on," Sera muttered and looked to Ashley, who quickly looked away. The bulge in her dress was more pronounced, and her nipples were poking through. Sera licked her lips and gulped. They looked ripe to her, perfect to be nursed from. She should know. Every day she had looked at her family's nipples, ingraining them into her memory.

The elevator finally pinged and opened, "Oh thank god!" Sera exclaimed.

"A little hot for you?" Piper teased.

Air circulated through the hallway and cooled Sera's skin. Her nipples pushed against the chill, hardening as if to lead her to the room, "Okay, 213... 213..."

"Here," Ashley said and presented her keycard. A second later, the door beeped and hissed open. Sound-proofed and watertight, Sera noted. After what she'd seen Ashley produce, that was probably for the best. Piper went to 215 and did the same. The rooms seemed strangely far apart, though Sera expected that was for privacy. They exchanged a final grin, then went in.

Stepping inside gave her the same impression a cathedral might. Everything around her was laced with intangible grandeur, overshadowing all that she was, threatening to crush her under it all. Just touching the walls seemed taboo. She still had her shoes on. What if she tracked dirt all over the floor? So she froze into a statue of herself, letting Ashley explore the room.

"Can you guys fucking believe this?!" Piper shouted, knocking Sera from her stillness as she barged into the room, "It's like a five-star hotel or something."

"Yeah, it's... nice." Ashley said, looking as uncomfortable as Sera felt.

"No shit," Piper giggled, "The bed's are great as well. Just the right amount of spring, perfect for late night fun."

Sera stumbled to a bed. They sat flush against the walls on either side, creating a broad chasm filled by a stainless table and drawers for their clothes. Two handles jutted from the walls at the base of their beds. Pulling them open revealed a closet, equipped with hangers and a self-releasing air freshener and pesticide.

"I can't stay here," Sera said.

"It's too much," Ashley agreed.

"Really?" Piper raised her brow at them, "Don't know about you, but they seem really lax about what we do here. I bet you could put up a few posters, move things around, maybe drag the TV into here."

"The what?" Sera noticed another doorway. She expected to find the bathroom inside, but was greeted by a separate room, complete with a couch, love seat, and kitchen. A massive television set completed the arrangement. Ashley joined her in a bottomless silence.

"It's even got Netflix," Piper said and pushed past to flop onto the couch, kicking her feet up. A drop of pre-cum flew free and splashed the leather. Leather! Sera wasn't a stranger to luxury. She'd sat on the fringe of its lap all her life, never quite pampered, but certainly not wanting. Except for something money couldn't buy. But this bolted past the threshold.

"Is every room like this?" Ashley asked, tip-toeing around, as if the immaculate floorboards would crack beneath her.

"Mine is. Can't say the same for anyone else."

"I'm gonna find the teacher," Sera said, "Maybe they've got different rooms."

"Seriously?" Piper groaned, "Come on, girls, this place is awesome. Don't tell me you've never wanted a place like this."

"Well, yeah, but this is... they're just giving this to us. That doesn't feel right," Ashley said, "Although, this kitchen is seriously high tech."

"Wait until you see the toilet," Piper said. They moved to the final door, inside which Sera felt her heart sink. It was immaculate. Every tile, rack, sink and toilet looked dream-like as they shone under a skylight. The bath-shower combo consumed most of the space, large enough for two or three people with room to spare. Nearby, a row of nozzles were hung on a rack. The ends resembled condoms. Sera tested one and found they were incredibly pliant.

"What do you think they're for?" Ashley asked, lifting one for her own inspection.

"Uh, well... I don't know about you, but I have to release every now and then," Sera said, face burning as her shirt constricted her chest.
