 Ch. 11 -- History in the Balance

"What say ye, David?" Merlin asked.

"Mordred's men are heavily fortified within the walls of Camelot; it will not be easy for Arthur's forces to attack them. And from most accounts I have read, the Battle of Camelot takes place in the surrounding fields rather than within the castle itself."

"I see. Then perhaps we ought to give history a nudge in the proper direction, yes?" Merlin grinned.

From their perch atop the highest tower in Camelot, Merlin watched as Mordred's men continued to set fire to everything of no value to them. At that point, the fires were largely self-contained and posed little threat to them, but Merlin had other ideas. With a snap of his fingers, the fires suddenly grew in intensity, beginning to engulf everything around them. Though Mordred's men tried for a few moments to stop them, they soon realized it was futile. On the orders of Mordred himself, they filed out of the burning castle to prepare for Arthur's arrival.

"Impressive," Dave said.

"Aye. And look, as they are distracted, we have our chance to descend upon Morgan le Fay and take her from this place."

"Not yet."

"Not yet? Why?" Merlin asked.

"She has a vital role to play in this final battle," Dave explained. "Morgan le Fay is the one who removes Excalibur's scabbard from Arthur, bringing about the events that end the Arthurian Legend. That has to happen before we intervene."

"You are certain of this?"

"Positive. It must happen in this way for history to remain undamaged."

"Very well. We wait."

*****

"Sire!"

Arthur turned to the scout that had just arrived. "What is it?"

"The fires within Camelot have grown! It appears Mordred's men can no longer manage them, forcing them outside the gates!"

"What good fortune... Sir Bedivere!"

"Sire?" he replied.

"Make ready the archers and have them open fire as soon as possible. I do not wish to give Mordred even a moment of reprieve."

"Understood."

As Arthur gathered his infantry and cavalry, the archers stepped through the trees. Looking at Mordred's army, Bedivere could tell that their numbers were roughly even. Any small advantage one could gain over the other would likely decide the outcome. A moment later, the line of archers raised their weapons.

"FIRE!"

They let fly a volley of arrows, wreaking havoc on Mordred's soldiers since Morgan le Fay was not protecting them this time. Mordred picked up on this and ordered an immediate charge from his men. As they advanced, the archers launched a second volley, though this one was far less effective thanks to the large shields many of Mordred's soldiers carried.

"Sire, they are almost upon us!" Bedivere warned.

"CHARGE! FOR CAMELOT!" came Arthur's reply.

In an instant, the entirety of Camelot's forces burst from the trees, rushing to meet the invaders that had taken their home. The field soon became a warzone, deafened by the sounds of clanging swords and splattered with blood. As the two sides clashed, their champions entered the fray, Arthur beginning to slaughter enemies by the dozen and Mordred laying waste to every man of Camelot he could reach. Both knew it would only be a matter of time before they met face-to-face for a final duel.

Elsewhere, Morgan le Fay observed the battle from the edge of the drawbridge to Camelot. Her son was already knee-deep in enemy soldiers, attacking every last one of them within reach. Rather than leap into the fray herself, she kept her eyes peeled for any sign of her target. At last, she saw Arthur laying waste to Mordred's men on the other side of the battlefield. After making herself invisible, she teleported behind his position to complete her assignment.

At first, she attempted to levitate Arthur's scabbard off his belt, but this proved unsuccessful. It seemed that the object was enchanted in such a way that made it resistant to other forms of magic. As Morgan pondered what to do, she then realized that the belt holding the scabbard was not protected from such powers as the scabbard itself was. With great concentration, she focused on the stretch of fabric holding up the scabbard, soon managing to make it intangible for a few seconds and causing the scabbard to fall to the ground without notice. As Arthur continued his assault without pause, she knew she had succeeded. Before she could claim her prize, Morgan felt a sudden burst of dizziness. She attempted to stave off the sensation for a moment, but it was no use. A few seconds later, she fell to the ground unconscious.

*****

"Impressive! What kind of spell was that?" Dave asked.

"It is one that causes the target to faint," Merlin replied. "In essence, I used my power to restrict the flow of blood to her mind for a moment, bringing her into unconsciousness. It is a difficult feat that can only be performed when the target is unaware of the spell-caster."

Before any on the battlefield could notice, Merlin and Dave had vanished, whisking Morgan away to the secluded clearing by the lake. Upon arrival, Dave erected a magical barrier around the clearing, ensuring they were not disturbed while performing the exorcism. In the meantime, Merlin laid Morgan's body out flat on the ground, beginning to focus on the mind of his former student. In the meantime, Madeleine watched with interest from just outside Dave's barrier.

Merlin said, "Now listen carefully, David. I will attempt to use my power to penetrate Morgan's mind and extract Igraine's influence from her. While I do that, you must endeavor to keep her unconscious, for if she wakes, Igriane will retaliate in force."

"How?" Dave asked.

"Simply use your aura to form a connection with her body. As she is asleep, you should not have a problem with this. Once you have done so, you will be able to monitor every part of her body and keep them in a relaxed state of being. This will ensure she does not awaken before the exorcism is complete." As Merlin began his work, he explained what he was doing. "Exorcism is related in some ways to the mind merge, though it is done through force. As she has not given permission, a full merge is impossible, but with Morgan being unconscious, it is possible for me to penetrate her mind far enough to find the invading entity and force it out. Now, how does everything look from your side of things?"

"Vitals appear normal," Dave replied. "Breathing is steady, heartbeat is relaxed and consistent."

"Good. I am about to dive deeper; prepare yourself, David."

With intense focus, Merlin began to delve further into Morgan's subconscious. At each turn, he could feel the emotions she had experienced over the last year, almost every one of them fear and pain at becoming a prisoner within her own mind. At last, he detected the presence of something foreign. It was almost as if a parasite had latched itself to her soul and was draining her strength for itself.

"Brain activity is increasing, Merlin."

"As I expected. You must keep her calm, David. I am beginning the extraction."

Dave worked to keep Morgan's physical actions calm and relaxed, focusing on her breathing and heart rate. As Merlin's aura began to grow in intensity, Dave noticed that Morgan's eyelids were beginning to shake, almost as if she had entered the REM state of sleep. He worked to project calm, soothing thoughts and emotions into her mind in an attempt to quell this restlessness, but he could tell it was a losing battle. In the midst of his efforts, Dave could now feel a force resisting him, as well as a voice entering his mind.

"Release me... RELEASE ME!!!"

"Merlin, I can't hold it much longer!" Dave said in desperation.

"Only a moment more, David!" Merlin replied, obviously struggling himself.

As Merlin tried to pull the last of Igraine from Morgan's mind, her eyes flew open, burning with rage. Both Dave and Merlin lost their connections to Morgan and were flung back by a surge of immense power. A moment later, she stood, summoning up as much power as she was able to.

"You insolent little pests! HOW DARE YOU!" she screamed, her body now engulfed by Morgan's black aura.

"We know it is you, Igraine," Merlin said, trying to reason with her. "You have suffered injustices, but it is not right what you have done to your daughter!"

"SILENCE! I care for nothing but my vengeance, and none will stand in my way, old man!" Igraine shrieked, her voice becoming more animalistic by the second.

As Igraine's rage grew, the aura surrounding her began to take the form of black, smokeless fire. It was a struggle for Dave and Merlin just to remain on their feet, let alone fight back in any way.

"Good god! Where did she get this power?!" Dave shouted.

"Her anger," Merlin replied. "She is fueled by it, and it looks to have combined with Morgan's sorcery to increase her power far beyond what Morgan could normally attain."

"What do we do now?"

"We fight. Our only chance is to render Igraine unconscious once more and complete the exorcism. History may well depend upon it."

Leaping into the fray, Merlin charged for Igraine, spinning his aura whips around him as a defensive measure the entire time. She retaliated by firing blast after blast of flame at him, but Merlin defended each time with ease. As he drew near, Igraine attempted to drive him back by engulfing herself in a fiery tornado, preventing Merlin from getting close. But as she thought she had the advantage, she was struck by something that had managed to pierce her defenses.

"AAH!" she cried in pain.

"Take that!" Dave cheered, having fired an aura arrow through her tornado.

Seeing Merlin advancing once more and Dave nocking another arrow, Igraine decided to even the odds a bit. With a wave of her hand, Dave suddenly found himself surrounded by at least a dozen soldiers made of Igraine's aura energy. As Dave started to take them on, Merlin paused for a moment to consider if he should assist him.

"I got this! Keep after her!" Dave shouted, understanding his hesitation.

"Aye!"

While Merlin turned his attention once more to Igraine, Dave prepared his bow and unleashed on the dozen soldiers now surrounding him. He dispatched the first with an easy headshot, but the rest were closing fast, and Dave powered up his aura to stronger levels to counter. As the mindless automatons swung clumsily at him with clubs and swords, Dave began to whittle down their numbers. By combining his pinpoint archery skills with the natural mobility of his favored element of wind, he became nigh untouchable, downing another four soldiers in quick succession.

"Dave! Behind you!" Madeleine called from the trees.

Turning at her warning, he saw three soldiers attempting to charge his position at once. After getting an idea, he drew his bow horizontally and focused his aura, managing to nock three arrows in the bow at once. The trio of arrows flew like missiles, each homing in on one of the soldiers and striking them between the eyes, or rather where their eyes would be if they had any. By now, the last four soldiers had surrounded Dave, making sure to stay at such intervals that he would be unable to shoot them all before he was overrun. In addition, one of the soldiers prepared a fiery crossbow, ready to shoot him down should he attempt an aerial escape.

Dave merely smirked at this and began to whip up a whirlwind around him, causing his enemies to lose their footing. Though they tried to fight back, the soldiers soon found themselves swept up in the vortex, their weapons flying away from their hands. As the four became clustered together in the air directly above Dave, he began to manipulate the element of earth, gathering a pile of rubble within a small pocket of compressed air. Once the four soldiers were contained above him, he unleashed his improvised attack.

"SHOTGUN!"

With a mighty blast of air, Dave fired the pile of stones straight up and into the soldiers, causing massive amounts spread damage. His attack was so strong that the soldiers looked like Swiss cheese for a moment before they disappeared in a puff of black smoke. Taking a deep breath, Dave relaxed a moment to recover from the exertion of such an attack, smiling at Madeleine.

"Thanks for the warning," he panted.

"Think nothing of it," she giggled in reply.

Meanwhile, Merlin had his hands full with Igraine. Though his natural talent would normally outweigh Morgan's, the addition of Igraine's rage was increasing the output of her attacks. She bobbed and weaved through the air in erratic and unpredictable ways, launching fireballs at every opportunity. While Merlin was able to defend with ease thanks to his stone armor, this also encumbered his movements enough that he could not easily retaliate. Igraine picked up on this and decided to rid Merlin of his defenses in one swift stroke.

"I summon the fires from the heart of the dragon... I summon the fires from the heart of the dragon..."

Igraine chanted the phrase again and again, the stone on her choker shining more brilliantly with each repetition. Soon, the stone itself appeared to catch fire, and she launched this fire onto the ground before her. The flames grew at an astonishing rate, catching Merlin off-guard and forcing him to back up a few steps. Soon, the fire seemed to work itself into a solid shape of some sort, forming four legs, a tail, a reptilian body, and a pair of wings. At last, the head came into focus, and Merlin now stared down a dragon made entirely of flame.

"Damn you, Igraine," he muttered under his breath.

"What do you say we take this thing down?" Dave asked, arriving to aid his teacher.

With a wry grin, Merlin shouted, "Have at thee, foul beast!"

*****

The soldiers of Camelot fought valiantly, but the tide was turning against them in short order. In spite of their early losses to the archers, Mordred's forces were determined and well armed. As the battle wore on, they had managed to wear Arthur's men down to only about two hundred, maintaining a two-to-one advantage over them. This was in large part due to Mordred's ruthless strategies, such as when he set a cart on fire and ordered two of his mounted troops to charge the enemy with it. Still, there were heavy casualties on both sides, and Mordred's men were committed to a fight to the death, having no escape route of their own.

"Sir Bedivere, what is our status?!" Arthur demanded, slicing through another opponent.

"We are close to being overrun, Sire! Mordred's men are moving to surround us! Should we ask for quarter?"

"No! We shall retake Camelot or die trying!"

"Aye! I suppose it is doubtful Mordred would grant us quarter in any case," Bedivere chuckled.

"Get ready to charge; I have an idea!" Arthur said.

Though Arthur himself possessed no magical ability, he did hold one trump card through Excalibur. He only utilized this power in dire circumstances, but this battle certainly qualified as such in his mind. After focusing for a few moments, he raised his sword above his head for all to see.

"Camelot, Excalibur shines forth!" Arthur screamed at the top of his lungs.

Arthur's soldiers instinctively knew what that phrase meant, and shielded their eyes for a few seconds. It was then that Excalibur unleashed a blinding flash of light, disorienting every one of Mordred's men fool enough to look directly at it. As they tried to shake it off, Bedivere led his men in their offensive, striking back hard against the invaders. Arthur was poised to join them, but stopped short when he at last saw the distinctive black helmet of his son approaching.

"Father," he sneered.

"You are no son of mine," Arthur spat in reply.

"Clearly! You would deny me the throne, even as I am your own flesh and blood!" Mordred said, angrily slashing at Arthur.

"You are not worthy of that sacred crown," Arthur replied, parrying the attack and beginning one of his own.

As the two men dueled, their entire bodies became weapons. They not only attacked with their swords, but also with every limb they had; each knew that the victor would likely lead his side to ultimate victory. Deciding he had been lenient enough on Mordred already, Arthur suddenly launched into a furious assault, driving him back a few paces. Still, Arthur left himself open to a counterattack, and Mordred struck back hard, stunning him with a punch to the face and slashing at his left shoulder.

"Gah!" Arthur seethed in pain.

"Too slow, old man."

"It matters not..."

"Are you quite certain? Look," Mordred replied, pointing at the wound.

Arthur's eyes went wide at seeing that the wound was not healing. "What is this?"

"It seems you have lost your scabbard, and with it your invulnerability in battle!"

Arthur closed to counter Mordred's incoming grapple, barely escaping an arm-lock from his son. He knew not how he had lost his scabbard, but the point was moot; Mordred had to be defeated regardless. Arthur now tried to end the fight as quickly as possible, lest he fall victim to Mordred's youthful energy the longer it wore on. Staring down his opponent, Arthur cursed himself for using Excalibur's blinding capabilities a few minutes ago. That power would not be available again for at least another hour or two. As Arthur continued to counter Mordred's attacks, his son began to grow angry and frustrated.

"Why will you not die, old man?!" he shouted, thrusting at Arthur again.

Arthur gave a sad sigh. "I have failed you, Mordred. I fathered your existence, yet knew not that you were born until you were already a man. I never had the opportunity to raise you properly and teach you what makes a wise king. For that failing, I am very sorry."

"Wise?!" Mordred laughed. "You speak of wisdom, but you know nothing! You see yourself as this strong and noble king, yet you are blind to your greatest weakness of all: love. You see your subjects as your children, seeking to love and protect them, but their only purpose is to serve their king! It was love that blinded you to your wife's betrayal, and your misguided notions of love have brought Camelot into my hands this day!"

"You know not of what you speak."

At that moment, Mordred launched into another offensive, driving Arthur back with a flurry of power strikes.

"Oh? Then I shall share some of my wisdom with you, Father. Love is a trick played on us by the forces of nature. Ultimately, there is only power. There is of course power of the individual mind, your so-called 'wisdom', but the mind's power is not enough. Power of the body decides everything, and in the end only might makes right!" Locking swords with Arthur, Mordred began to drive him closer to his knees, seeking to end the fight then and there. "And I have the power, Father, so I am right!"

Just as Mordred was about to overpower him, the sting of his words ignited a flame within Arthur's soul. He knew Mordred was wrong, not only in his conquest of Camelot, but also in his entire outlook on the world. It all made sense at last; Mordred could never become a wise ruler because he found it impossible to fathom the concept of love. That would be Arthur's strength and Mordred's final downfall.

"No... you are wrong, Mordred," Arthur growled, pushing back with every fiber of his being. "Might does not make right... RIGHT MAKES RIGHT!!!"

Summoning up a strength he had not felt in decades, Arthur lunged forward, throwing Mordred back onto his heels. He tried to recover as best he could, but Arthur was now more determined than ever to end their duel. Gripping Excalibur with both hands, Arthur proceeded to put on a clinic for his bastard son on the finer points of swordplay. His movements were graceful and fluid, yet also deadly and efficient, never once breaking his momentum. Every time Mordred thought he had an opening to strike, Arthur was ready with perfect timing to deflect and counterattack. At last, as Mordred brought his sword in front of him to block, Arthur swung with every muscle in his body, cleaving Mordred's blade in two and rendering it useless. As Mordred's eyes went wide in fear, Arthur executed a pair of precision slashes to his kneecaps, then to his forearms, and at last punching him in the jaw, knocking his helmet off in the process. Mordred coughed and heaved blood, slowly coming up onto his knees.
