 Disclaimer ~ All characters in sexual situations are over 18 years of age. And though this story is in the Sci-Fi & Fantasy section of Lit, there are elements of other categories including incest. If you do not enjoy incestuous erotica, then this story may not be for you. You have been warned, haha.

*****

Prologue

Welcome to Eximius. You once called this place Earth, but all that once was has passed away and has been reborn. The Apocalypse that was written about in one of your Holy books played out two thousand years ago, almost exactly how it was written, as well. Some of the things that prophet wrote were hard for him to describe when he wrote them, so he did the best he could with what he knew compared to the advanced technology you had compared to his more primitive time. The world has gone through many changes since then; mostly for the better, but, just as is human nature, some evil has resurfaced. 

You see, a millennium after that apocalyptic period ended, the world actually lived in peace. There was one great King who ruled fairly, justly and lovingly over all that lived and breathed, but when he neared the end of his thousand year reign, the evil power he had defeated was let loose once again. This time, however, that power was easier to see and know. For a while, all were able to stand against him and his minions, but ultimately, he was able to seduce some to his darker ways. And every generation, his numbers grow. 

When I say generation, you have to know something. We do not age beyond our prime. It's different for everyone, and only our Creator knows when that prime is. For some, it's in their teens, for others in their thirties and even forties. It's rare to see anyone appear any older, but we have a term for those who do; Wise Ones. Their prime is based on their growth of knowledge and wisdom. Don't misunderstand, though; just because they appear older, doesn't make the any weaker or fragile than the rest of us. We were blessed with certain gifts given to us at birth that take many years for us to develop and control. You would call them superpowers. To us, though, they're merely gifts and/or abilities that are only an extension of our bodies like an arm or a leg might be.

There are typical powers like strength, speed and flight. Those are actually the most common, and those who are given those powers tend to join our military to fight the evil that continues to rise in our world. It's the Wise Ones who are able to sense the ability in a newborn so their parents know what to expect while raising that child. When I was born, they sensed the ability to heal within me, but they also told my parents that healers have different ways of healing others. Some simply touch another by holding their hand. Others produce a healing agent within their saliva. I, however, have a healing cock. So, naturally, my ability didn't come to fruition (no pun intended) until I hit puberty.

I discovered it by accident when this girl I'd been friends and I with hooked up one day. We were too young to be fucking at the time, but being teenagers, you do things you're not supposed to. I won't go into any details, as that would not be appropriate, but one thing I can tell you is this; before we did anything, and she never told me, she'd been very sick. It was a disease that could not be contracted naturally. Another thing she hadn't told me was, her home had been invaded by enemy agents and they were all injected with this disease, in hopes of spreading it amongst our community. It was because of this she sought me out, knowing I'd been diagnosed with the ability to heal, though it was unknown of how I could use my ability. She had an idea, though.

So, she seduced me, though it didn't take much to do it. I was a horny teenage guy and she was two years older than me and extremely hot. When we were finished, she said she felt normal again. That was how I discovered I have healing semen. 

She promised to keep it quiet so I could use my ability at my own discretion, but as luck would have it, word spread anyway and anybody who had any kind of sickness was coming to me, begging for me to fuck them to health. And it wasn't limited to females, mind you. The problem with that is, I am in no way, shape or form attracted to men. I don't have a problem with homosexuals, in fact, no one does. But, if you can't get it up for someone and the only way you can heal them is with your magic jizz, it poses a bit of an issue. However, through my encounters, I did learn that my sperm could heal people whether injected into them through their pussy or anus, or if they ingest it orally. So, my work around to heal the male population was to jizz into a cup and let them drink it. Gross as it might be, I wasn't pissing guys off by not being able to heal them. 

When I told my parents about the way I had to perform my ability, they told me they didn't want me sleeping around in the name if healing, so we stored my cum and created a small family business, permitted by the government of course, selling my self-made medicine. Now that I'm a little older, they're not so worried about how it gets administered. I still sell it, and even store it to sell to others who don't necessarily want to sleep with me just to feel better. However, I don't deny anyone who wants it straight from the source. 

Another thing about our abilities; they're directly connected to our metabolism. The more we use our abilities, the more fat cells we burn. So, Eximius is a very healthy planet. Obesity, diabetes and other weight related issues are completely unheard of. Which is what brings me to my sister. The Wise Ones sensed an ability within her but couldn't describe it. The first part of this story is about how we discovered her acquisition of her powers. Yes, I purposely used the plural form because my sister is an anomaly. The Wise Ones were so confused by her ability that they almost wrote her off as not having one, which was unheard of. Because of her being such an anomaly, her body is different than the rest. She isn't obese, per say, but because her ability has yet to manifest itself, her metabolic rate is much lower than the rest. So, sit back and listen to how we discovered Alana's abilities...

Chapter 1

"Keith!" Alana cries as she enters my apartment. 

She sounds upset this morning. Lately she's fallen victim to bullying due to her size. She's almost twenty-one years old and has never had a boyfriend. I blame it on the fact that our entire world is full of beautifully fit people because of the side-effect of having abilities. It's made many of us very shallow and superficial. With that said, my sister isn't ugly at all. She has a little extra in the middle, so, no, she doesn't have a perfect six pack, or eight pack, or insanely muscular abs most of society has. She does have large breasts and a nice round ass that I can't say I haven't stared at from time to time, despite her being my sister. I scold myself every time I have such thoughts, but sometimes I just can't help myself. She's very pretty, though. Her round face and slightly chubby cheeks are a thing of beauty to me.

"In here, sis!" I call from my office. 

Alana bursts through the open doorway, tears streaming down her face. She's been sobbing hard today. I wave her over and she runs around my desk, her heavy breasts bouncing as she does. She extends her arms out and wraps them tightly around me as I stand up. I comfort her, whispering softly to her to calm her down. I turn her and sit her in my leather chair and then kneel in front of her.

"What happened?" I ask, holding her hands in her lap.

"Same old shit, Keith. I'm getting sick of it! I wish my ability would just kick in already and make me beautiful like the rest of the world," she cries.

"Alana, you are beautiful," I tell her, stroking her raven-colored hair behind her ear. I wipe a couple tears from under her sky-blue eyes as I pull my hand back from her face. 

"You're only saying that because you're my brother. I wish someone would just fuck me so I can discover my ability," she says out of the blue.

"What are you talking about?" I ask her.

"Well, you discovered your ability by having sex, why can't it work for me?" she reasons.

I can't argue with her point, it makes perfect sense. "Alana, if you weren't my sister, I'd help you out in a heartbeat."

She can't help but giggle a little at what I said. "You're sweet, but, yeah, that'd be weird," she says. "Do you mind if I clean up a bit? I don't want to go home to Mom and Dad looking like I've been crying all day again."

"Sure, go ahead, take your time," I say and help her up. She hugs me tightly again, pressing her large breasts against me. I fight back thoughts of rubbing my face with them as I let her go. She retreats to my master bedroom with attached bathroom down the hall. I hear the shower turn on, which I hadn't been expecting. I didn't think cleaning up meant a full on shower. 

Shrugging it off, I turn back to my desk to my video-phone alert.

"Mr. Medicus," she says. It's not my real last name, but one I use for work that states my profession of a healer. 

"Hello, Miss Tate," I say as the gorgeous red-head's face fills my screen. "You're right on time, I'll buzz you in," I tell her and hit the option on the touch screen that unlocks the building's front door. She turns and opens the door before my screen goes blank and completely see-through again. A minute later, a soft chime announces her presence at my door. Due to Alana being family, her thumbprint allows her instant access to my apartment/clinic.

I open the door to find that the rest of her is as breathtaking as the face that filled my screen a minute ago. Her slender shoulders are adorned by a simple white button-up blouse; the top two buttons are open allowing me to see the tops of her ample breasts. Her narrow waist widens perfectly at her hips that are covered by a tight, black mini-skirt that hugs her shapely and bare thighs. Black high heels force her sexy calves to flex with each step she takes into the entry of my spacious apartment. 

"Thank you for seeing me at such short notice," she says with a sniffle. 

"It's my pleasure," I say and escort her into the living room and to one of the couches there. 

"What seems to be ailing you?" I ask her.

"Mostly it's a stomach thing, but I've been having headaches and can't keep any food down," she explains. 

I reach for her belly but hesitate. "May I?" I ask, trying to keep things professional.

She nods and pulls her arms away from her stomach, placing them behind her, which pushes her breasts out further. I take a deep breath to keep myself focused, and force my eyes down to her stomach, where I place my left hand. I can usually sense what's ailing someone by touching the problem area; it doesn't always work, but when it does, I'm able to heal them quicker. You see, it's just not magic cum that heals them. In the act of sex, I can feel what they're feeling for a moment, and then my immune system kicks in to fight off what seems to be ailing me. It builds up the anti-bodies, or whatever is needed to heal the person, and from there, the immunization enters my DNA just before ejaculation. When I orgasm into them, it's like an instant vaccine. 

I discovered this about myself when simply cumming into a cup wasn't enough. I tested it by touching the problem area for whoever was sick until it registered with my body, and then I would go into another room, jerk off and then bring them their medication. Now, as far as the sperm I have stored up, it's either treated as a general antibiotic or for me to adjust once I learn what the illness is. The way I do that is through my saliva. All it needs is the minor altercation of my DNA to be ready for consumption. 

After holding her belly for a moment I realize she's not sick.

"You're actually perfectly healthy," I tell her.

"What do you mean? I've been throwing up and can't get rid of this headache," she complains, on the verge of raging on me and tearing up all at once. 

"You're pregnant," I tell her.

Her chin drops into her lap. "You're joking," she says after a couple minutes of shocked silence.

I shake my head and smile at her. "I wouldn't joke about that."

"But, I," she starts to protest and then she glares angrily. "That son of a bitch," she says. 

"He told me he was sterile and could never impregnate someone. I'll kill that motherfucker," she swears again. "I'm sorry, doctor," she apologizes. "This isn't your fault, I'm not mad at you."

I shake my head. "I understand. Don't call me, doctor, though. I don't have a degree in anything; I'm just a healer."

"I apologize, Mr. Medicus," she says.

"Call me Keith."

"Keith," she says but with a flirty smile this time. "What does this consultation cost?" she asks, digging through her black purse for a payment note.

I shake my head. "The consultation is free. You have bigger things to worry about with a baby on the way."

She beams at me thankfully. "There must be some way to repay you," she says, hinting at me.

I feel my cock twitch, but then remember my sister is in my bathroom right now and cannot take this woman to bed with her here. It would kill what little bit of self-esteem she had that 

I'd helped her regain. 

"Rain check?" I suggest. 

She looks at me confused.

"I'm not saying no," I assure her. "My sister is here, using my shower. I don't want to set up an awkward situation."

Miss Tate smiles at me relieved. "You're a good brother, and a great healer. Here's my card," she says, pulling out a clear piece of plastic with blue digits pressed into it. "Call me sometime."

"What about your boyfriend?" I ask.

"He's not my boyfriend. Well, not anymore anyway," she says and then stands up. "Thanks again, Keith. Are you sure there's nothing you can do for the nausea or my headaches?"

I shake my head. "I suggest you visit your doctor; he can prescribe something for you."

She nods and then I walk her out, pocketing her card. "Have a nice day, Miss Tate."

"Amber," she corrects.

"Amber," I repeat and she leaves with a smile on her face. I'll definitely be calling her later.

"Did you really turn her down because of me?" 

Alana asks from the doorway to my bedroom as soon as I shut the front door. All she's wearing is one of my oversized bath towels. 

I turn around speechless, my mouth open but no words will come out. I can't decide if it's because my sister is standing there in nothing but a light blue towel, or because of her overhearing the conversation with the gorgeous redhead who just left.

"She was really pretty, too!" she says sounding guilty. "You should have kicked me out, not her!"

"I'm not going to kick my little sister out just to bang some chick, no matter how hot she is," I tell her and then head towards my office.

Alana runs and blocks my path. "Please tell me you're going to call her later," she makes me promise.

I laugh. "I'm not an idiot; of course I'll call her later."

She grins and then hugs me. I wrap my arms around her; she's still warm from her shower, her hair still wet as well. My shoulder is now soaked from her pressing her head against me. She looks up and sees the wet mark on my shirt and blushes. I don't know what's come over me, but the combination of being hit on by Amber and the fact that my sister is only a towel drop away from being naked in my arms has my cock stirring in my pants. I mentally scold myself for having such thoughts about my sister, but with everything she's shared with me this afternoon and the fact she was so close to nude, makes it difficult not to think of her that way. 

"Oops, sorry," she giggles. 

"It's okay, sis," I say and squeeze her one more time before walking to my room to change. She follows so she can get dressed and head back home. After I change my shirt I turn to head back to my office and see my sister still standing near the open door, the towel now pooled around her feet on the floor. "Alana, what are you doing?"

She walks towards me slowly, her massive breasts jiggling deliciously with each step. I don't know why she thinks she's fat or why people tell her that. She's thick, but her curves are in all the right places. Honestly, if she would just work out a little, she'd lose the unwanted weight and be dangerously sexy. My cock twitches, not caring that this is my sister and not just some buxom beauty walking towards me.

"I felt the reaction you had in your pants there," she answers in a soft, seductive voice. 

"Maybe it's partly because of that hot ginger who just left, but I know part of it was caused by me as well," she says, still drawing near with slow, deliberate steps.

"Alana, we can't. You're my sister."

"I won't tell anyone," she promises smoothly; she's only two feet away from me now and I can't take my eyes off her twin peaks. Her skin is smooth and a perfect olive tone. Her areolas are large and dark brown with dime sized nipples popping out at least a half an inch. They look so delectable; I wish I could put my mouth on them and suck them dry. 

She smiles coyly, noticing my eyes on her huge tits. "You like them?" she teases and I nod dumbly, completely entranced by her curvy sexiness. "You want to suck on them?" she asks and I nod again. "I'll let you," she says closing the distance between us.  

"Alana," I whisper. "We can't."

"Yes, we can. We're adults now, Keith," she whispers back, looking right up into my eyes.

"You're my sister," I say, more to remind myself than anything. I have no idea how things turned around so quickly.

"So? Your tool has never gotten anybody pregnant, right?" she asks, and she's right. I haven't gotten anyone pregnant. Once my semen becomes a healing agent, that's all it's good for. 

That's when I stop her. "You're doing this because you think I can heal whatever you think is wrong with you?"

"No!" she lies. "Well, not only," she says trying to slip back into her seductive tone again, but it doesn't work. If she hadn't brought up my ability, she might have won me over. But her little slip up snapped me back to reality. I can't fuck my sister!

"I think you should go, Alana," I say as gently as possible but it doesn't matter, she's upset. 

She storms into the bathroom, pulls on her clothes and then runs out of the apartment. 

I sigh heavily as I sit behind my desk, thinking over what had just happened. I feel like shit for upsetting Alana, but fucking her just to get her ability to trigger just felt wrong.

"But why?" My mind asks me.

"Because she's my sister for starters!" I argue in response.

"It's not like you didn't want it. You would have gone through with it if not for her slip up."

"That's true," I admit to myself.

I argue with myself for hours until my video screen alerts me to a caller. My 3 o'clock appointment is here. I answer to see a cute, pixie of a girl with short hair looking back at me.

"You must be Jackie," I say.

She coughs violently and then wheezes her hello. "Sorry, Mr. Medicus."

"It's quite alright, Jackie, come on up and we'll fix you up in no time."

"Thank you," she says in a squeaky voice. From what I can tell, she has some kind of case of bronchitis; this should be an easy fix that shouldn't take too much out of me. I hope she wants a direct injection rather than to take it orally from one of the storage cups. After what happened with Alana, I'm still a little worked up.

I open the door just as Jackie walks up and welcome her inside. I point to the large, soft couches to my left and shut and lock the door behind us. I don't want any family walking in on me while I'm working. Sitting down next to her on the couch, we turn and face each other. 

"So, how does this work?" she asks before succumbing to another fit of coughing.
