 There is blatant incest in this chapter this time, so, just a fair warning to those who want to follow this story.

Also, please feel free to comment and let me know what you think so far. I listen to CONSTRUCTIVE criticism and suggestions.

*****

I cancel my 4 o'clock appointment and reschedule for first thing tomorrow morning on my way to my parents' place. I can't believe Alana would do this. I know I upset her, but to buy a disease from a dealer; what the fuck was she thinking? She must have had this as a backup plan in case seducing her brother failed; now I don't have a choice but to fuck her to health. 

As stupid as the idea was, I couldn't deny her genius as well. She's wanted to discover her ability for years and nothing has happened to allow her to, so she's making it happen herself. She's just lucky my ability doesn't take on the disease to be healed within me. That alone could wipe me out. As it is, creating a vaccine and "injecting" it into someone is no more tiring than the act of sex. 

I pay the cab driver by pressing my thumb to the glass plate in the back of his seat, add a tip and then hurry into my parents' house in a quiet neighborhood in the suburbs of the city. A quick pressing of my thumb to the key plate outside allows me entrance, just like Alana did to get into my apartment in town. The robotic voice announces my arrival and my father's head pops out from his office to the left of the entry. 

"I think it's one of the ancient diseases. Ebola, I believe," he says, handing me the syringe he'd discovered. I know who she got it from; there was only one dealer in the city who would sell that to civilians. Typically the concoction was used in assassinations, but this guy sold it as a revenge tool for the common people. 

"I'll deal with that later," I promise my father and he nods; he looks uncomfortable about what he knows I'm about to go do. "I'm sorry," I apologize and he shakes his head.

"As wrong as it seems, it's better that it's you rather than some stranger," he reasons. "At least I know you'll be doing it to save her life, not so much for pleasure."

I nod. "I agree," I say, it's partially a lie since I would have slept with her if she hadn't slipped up and admitted she was seducing me to discover her ability. 

I walk down the hall and turn left towards my sister's room. Mom is in there, stroking her hair with a breathing mask on to protect herself from contracting the deadly virus. 

"Mom," I say and she whips her head around.

"Keith," she cries through the white mask and then gets up to hug me. 

I stare at Alana in her bed, torn between anger and fear.

"Why would she do this?" she demands from me.

"Mom, don't be too upset with her. Let me do my job and I'll explain everything, okay?" I say after hugging her. 

She nods and leaves me to tend to my sister. I shut the door for privacy since I know this is going to get a little graphic for my parents. They still don't like the method of my ability, but they don't hold it against me either. I kneel at my sister's side and stroke her hair. Her eyes open a little and it slowly registers that I'm there. 

"Keith," she groans.

"Shh," I say. "Don't talk, Alana. I'm going to heal you, and you know in which way I have to do it. You're too weak to be able to do anything, so, unfortunately you're going to have to just lie there," I say, explaining to her another flaw in her plan. "This may not bring your ability to fruition, but I guess we'll just have to see what happens, won't we?"

"I'm sorry," she croaks.

"Shh," I stroke her hair. "Don't talk, Alana. I forgive you, okay? Let's just get you healthy again," I say and then stand up and remove my clothing. I pull back her bed sheet to find her already naked, but there are cool pads surrounding her torso and legs. Mom must have done it to help bring down the fever caused by the plague in her system. I stand over her and place one hand on her head and the other between her chest and stomach. My ability seeks out the virus coursing through her veins and begins to create a cure within me. My temperature rises as my body goes to work, all the while, my cock is growing harder and harder due to the process of creating the cure. Two minutes later, my temperature peaks and holds; my cock is fully erect and ready to inject into Alana's pussy. All that's left is the actual act of fucking her.

I toss the cool packs to the floor and spread her legs apart enough to enter her. I lift her lower body up with one arm while aiming my cock with my free hand. I press the tip against her entrance and she gasps slightly. I slowly press into her and meet the resistance of her hymen. She takes a few deep breaths and then nods, telling me I can press farther. When I feel it release, she winces in pain a little and then calms her breathing down. She's incredibly tight since I'm now taking her virginity. But, since I'd just fucked that beautiful little pixie earlier, I'm not sure I can do this as quickly as our parents hope. 

With her legs now wrapped around me, I lie down on top of her and kiss her; it's an automatic reaction for me from being inside a woman, I just always kiss them. At first I freeze up because I realize I'm kissing my sister, but as soon as she kisses back (already starting to feel better), all thoughts and fears leave my mind and we become two consenting adults. I slide out of her slowly, but only about halfway, before I push back into her again. She gasps into my mouth, but not in pain this time. She's enjoying my cock penetrating her. I can't deny that I'm enjoying it as well. 

Her soft belly is comforting as I plunge in and out of her pussy. I begin to lose myself in the moment more and more as I kiss down her smooth neck to her collarbone. Her arms wrap around my shoulders and then she digs her nails into my back. The small amount of pain from her long fingernails triggers a new level of horniness deep inside me I've never felt before. I begin to pick up the pace and Alana gasps with each powerful thrust into her. She doesn't say a word the whole time, but only gasps and moans as I drill her pussy. The closer I grow to my orgasm, the hotter my cock gets. 

"Oh god," she says. "Why is it so hot?" she asks.

"That's what happens before I heal you," I tell her.

"No, not your cock," she says and I understand her implication, but it's too late to pretend I don't want this. I agree with her; we're both enjoying this more than either of us expected. It's unfortunate Alana doesn't have enough energy to help due the virus still coursing through her body, but I make up for it with my own vigor. She beings to scream, so I plant my mouth on hers to keep her quiet; we don't need our parents thinking we enjoyed this too much. They have to believe I'm only doing this to save her life. That's how it started, but it quickly changed to become just as pleasurable as any other time I've fucked a girl to health.

I grunt my last few thrusts and coat her insides with my healing spunk. She cries into my shoulder, gently bucking her hips into me as I fill her up. We gasp for air for a couple minutes before I finally pull out of her and lie down on her left. 

I sit up against her headboard and allow her to cuddle up with me. "Why did you do this, sis? Please tell me it wasn't just to gain powers," I say quietly.

"It started off that way," she admits. "But, when I tried to seduce you this afternoon and we got so close, I realized it was something I've wanted for a long time."

I let her words sink in but I kiss the top of her head as I do. What is it I want? Do I want my sister now or was this a one-time thing to heal her? I look down at her and drink her in with my eyes. I love the way she's put together; I don't even care if she's a little thicker and softer than the rest of the world. Sometimes I feel like our world is just a little too perfect. Not that I'm not attracted to the women in our society; they're fucking unbelievable. But, my sister is different, special. Beautiful.

"I was upset earlier when you let it slip that you wanted to discover your ability and were going to use me to do it," I confess.

"I'm sorry. I wasn't mad at you when I left; I was just embarrassed."

"That's good to know," I say.

"I'm sorry if I made you think I was mad at you," she apologizes.

"It's okay, sis. It's all forgiven and behind us now. In fact, I'm glad this happened," I tell her and kiss her head again, holding her tighter. "We should probably get dressed, though," I say. "Mom and Dad will be expecting us to walk out of here any minute."

She sighs. "I wish I could just stay here for a little while," she complains quietly.

"Me too, but they can't know we enjoyed this, remember?"

"I know," she says and then sits up; she looks so much better than when I walked in earlier.

"How do you feel?" I ask her as she goes to her closet to pick out an outfit.

"I feel so much better. A little weak, but I can't tell if that's from the healing or you pounding into me," she says with a wink over her shoulder.

I grin and get up out of the bed to pull my clothes on. I admire her curvy body from the edge of her bed for a moment before grabbing my boxers and tan pants. I pull them on, buckle the belt and then pull on the white button up shirt I'd tossed to the floor a few minutes ago. 

Alana puts on a light, flowery dress that hugs her chest beautifully. The dress flows over her body fluidly, cutting off at her knees. She goes to her dresser and pulls out a simple pair of cotton panties to wear under the dress. I hug and kiss her one last time before we leave the room.

"Alana!" Mom cries as we walk out of the room and she smothers her with hugs and kisses immediately. "Why would you do that to us?" she scolds through her tears.

Alana looks at me and then at her fidgety hands. "I was getting desperate to trigger my ability. I'm almost twenty-one and nothing has happened to trigger it, so, I figured since Keith discovered how his healing works through sex, I needed to have sex to trigger my ability too."

Mom studies her daughter's face for a minute, putting the pieces together. "Is that why you made yourself sick? So Keith would have to...do that to you to heal you?" she looks appalled. "Why would you do that to your brother?"

Alana shrugs. "I was desperate, Mom, and no boys I know would ever sleep with me even though I've tried."

"Alana!" she scolds again.

"Mom, stop," I say gently. "Our world has become very superficial. These abilities we all have keep our bodies in perfect shape. Obviously Alana doesn't have that and anything less than perfection gets persecuted in our society," I explain to her. "You probably don't see it because Alana has been keeping it from you for as long as she can, and I'm sorry, Sis, but I have to say something," I say, seeing the scared look on Alana's face. "She gets bullied by assholes out there," I say, trying to hold back my protective anger. 

Alana hugs my arm and puts her head on my shoulder.

"Alana? Is this true?" Dad finally speaks up.

She nods at him. "I'm sorry I never said anything. I didn't want to worry you," she says.

Alana has always been selfless with the exception of discovering her powers. 

"I'm sorry we weren't more approachable about this, honey," Dad says, walking up with his arms extended. Alana leaves my side and lets our father hold her tight.

"I'm sorry I didn't just say something regardless," she cries into his chest. Mom even joins in, stroking her hair.

"I'm sorry for getting upset, Alana," she says softly. 

I smile at the scene of my family loving each other. I feel like I've not only healed my sister, who intentionally infected herself, but also my family in their struggle to understand my sister who had been so different than us for so long. All of that was about to change, though.

The next morning Alana wakes me up with a kiss on my forehead. I recognize her touch, but when I open my eyes, I barely recognize her. She doesn't quite have the perfect body most of our society has, but she's definitely a little thinner. She still has her killer curves at her hips and her breasts are still rather big, but he stomach just looks a little tighter.

"Good morning," she says quietly. 

"Good morning," I reply and sit up.

"I guess you're not the only one awake," she says and pats my crotch. 

I look down and notice my morning wood pitching a tent in my sheets. 

"Want me to 'heal' that?" she teases. I can't help but notice the new found confidence she has. 

"Are you feeling alright?" I ask.

"I feel amazing, Keith, and for the first time in my life. On my way here, I got looks from complete strangers," she says excitedly. I have to admit, her excitement and confidence is alluring. I let my eyes wander over her slightly improved body. Part of me wishes she hadn't changed; I loved her just the way she was. "I feel healthier, too," she says finally, and that's what seals it for me. If she's happy with her body, then I'm happy with the change as well.

"I'm glad you're so happy, Sis," I say and then take her hand.

"I had to borrow clothes from Mom because mine are a little loose now. She's taking me shopping later for new clothes, but I think we should wait a couple more days to see if my body changes any more than it has," she rattles off. Her eyes drift back to my still hard cock. "So, what do you say, Brother, want me to take care of that for you?"

I think about it for a moment. Yesterday was one thing, saving her from a deadly virus, but she's perfectly healthy now, it would be completely different.

"I don't know, Sis," I say apprehensively.

"I know it's not like yesterday, but wasn't there a time during it that you let go of thoughts of it being for my health and just enjoyed it?" she asks.

If I say no, I'll be lying, so I nod. She does look really good, too. Plus, I always found that my ability works best after I jerk off in the morning. The myths in the past about semen build up being toxic for your body were actually pretty true about me. I remember one time healing someone early in the morning and I actually made her sicker. We had to fuck again to heal both problems. Not that we were complaining about having to fuck twice, but I'd rather not deal with making someone sick with my cock; I'd rather just heal them.

"You did enjoy it, didn't you?" she whispers, leaning in closer. She drags her fingertips along my thigh as she leans across me, placing her hand on mine as I push myself up against my headboard a little higher.

"Of course I did," I admit guiltily.

"Why do you sound so guilt-ridden?" she asks.

"Because you're my sister and it isn't right for us to be acting like this."

She looks down at my ever-hardening cock and grins. "Your magic wand doesn't seem to agree," she teases and then brushes the back of her hand against it. I'm shocked I don't erupt right then.

"That's because he has a mind of his own and knows no relational boundaries."

"Well, I like the way he thinks," she says leaning in closer, her face only inches away. All I have to do is lean forward slightly and our faces would lock together at the lips.

I let out a deep breath I don't realize I've been holding in. "Alana, we-" I don't finish my protest before her lips softly press against mine. She lingers for a few, long seconds before slowly backing away. My eyes open to see hers burning into mine. 

"Fuck it," I say and then plant my mouth on hers. She kisses back with vigor, her tongue pushes its way into my mouth and I accept it greedily, sliding my own against hers. She tastes sweet, like berries. We breathe heavily through our noses as we make out. She straddles her legs over my lap. I pull her red, short sleeved top up over her head. She isn't wearing a bra, so her magnificent breasts jiggle as the light fabric releases them. I pull one into my mouth and suck on her long nipple. Her breasts are a little smaller, but they aren't any less beautiful. They've shrunk down to a nicer, rounder shape and sag a little less than before. 

Her salty skin is smooth on my tongue as I lick around her nipple. I hear her gasp and giggle and moan as I suck on her. I lightly scratch her back as she slowly grinds her hips into my throbbing cock still covered by my boxers and the bed sheet. As I switch to her other breast I slide my hands down to her luscious ass that feels a little tighter now. I take hold of the stretchy black pants that are so tight they look painted on. I'm almost amazed that my mother has clothes like this, but then again, she doesn't look any older than I do, so it's not a total surprise.

I peal the tight pants over her round ass and down her thighs. She rolls off of me and pulls them off the rest of the way while I shove the sheet off of my legs. By fully erect cock pops out the opening in the front of my boxers, all seven and a half inches of it, fully exposed. Alana stares in amazement at the secret to my abilities. 

"All of that was in me yesterday?" she asks in awe.

I nod. "Ever last inch," I say and she grins hungrily.

Alana then bends in her sitting position and sucks the tip into her mouth. My head falls back for a moment at the sensation of her mouth on my cock. Her tongue swirls around the hooded monster in her mouth, teasing the tiny hole that dispenses my healing spunk. I put my hands on the back of her head and stroke her soft, black hair. She slides her mouth further down my rigid cock, taking it one excruciating inch at a time until I bump the back of her throat. She releases my cock with a cough and then sucks in air as she jerks me now that I'm a little more slick with her saliva.

"Are you okay?" I ask.

"I'm fine," she says and then dives back in, taking more of my length this time. She quickly pulls off to change position. She gets off of the bed and I sit on the edge. From there she's able to take more of me into her throat. I can't believe my own sister is deep throating my cock like a pro. I have no idea where these skills are coming from since she's never been with anyone before, but I'm not complaining either. Her head bobs up and down my rod, her tongue sliding along the bottom. She stops at the top to tease the tip with her tongue every few seconds until finally I can't take anymore; I need to be inside her. 

"Stop," I gasp. "Come up here," I command and she obeys. 

Alana stands up and I scoot back a little on the bed so she can straddle my lap. She grabs my cock and aims it for her dripping pussy and then slowly sinks down on top of it, impaling her slit inch by loving inch. Once I'm fully engulfed by her sex, I hold her in place, reveling in the feeling of being buried deep inside her. Her bright blue eyes lock on my hazel ones and we just stare for a minute before she slowly begins to grind her hips into my lap, circling my throbbing meat in her cunt. She wraps her arms around my head and nearly smothers me with her gorgeous tits. I kiss and lick what I can reach with my mouth and tongue, which isn't much until I change things up. 

I stand up and bounce her once on my cock. Her eyes widen in shock and then she smiles lustfully, squeezing her legs together to lift herself up my cock before allowing gravity to pull her back down it again. I hold her up by her thighs and let her control the pace as I stand there, holding her off the floor with mostly my cock. I feel the muscles in her pussy contract and expand as she slides up and down my pole, milking me for my cum that hasn't been released yet. The suction in her pussy feels almost like another mouth rather than her vagina. 

My legs begin to burn a little so I decide to return back to the bed, but this time I'm taking the top position. 

"Hold on," I instruct and then move us to the center of the bed without removing myself from the clutches of her pussy.
