 After my client leaves at noon, Alana calls me into my office. She's been searching the database for apartments while I attended to my client. I study her to see if there's a hint of jealousy; I know I would be if she'd taken a client this morning. Whether we like it or not, things have changed between us now. I'm not complaining, but it's just the reality of the situation. 

"There's one in the upper division that looks nice," she points out and she's right, it looks really nice. However, the landlords in that area have turned me away due to my profession. They consider it prostitution. In a way, they're right, I guess, but I'm not doing it for pleasure, though I do enjoy it; I do it to heal people from their illnesses. 

"As nice as it is, sis, we can't be in too nice of an area. They're a little strict about things up there. I tried getting a few apartments and they weren't too keen on my line of work," I explain to her.

She furrows her eyebrows at me and then looks me over as I stand there in my bathrobe. "I guess that makes sense. So, what if we looked for a house instead of an apartment? You make good money and if I start taking in clients, too, we can afford a house easily. There'll be more privacy since all houses are pretty much soundproof."

"Let's see if you're able to heal first, though, okay? I don't want to move somewhere on the assumption you can help expand the business and then find out we were wrong about your ability."

She sighs with a nod. "Okay, we'll stick to the downtown apartments," she relents. 

I hook my finger around her chin and tip her head back and then kiss her. "We'll find something, okay? Maybe even in this same building," I suggest. "I'll go talk to the landlord this afternoon."

She nods with a dreamy smile. I grin knowing I put that smile on her face. My videophone begins to ring so Alana swipes her hand over the transparent screen and the face of a man appears.

"Mr. Medicus," he says, his eyes looking from Alana to me. "Did I call the wrong number?"

"No, no, this is he. This is my sister and, uh, secretary, Alana. Sorry for the confusion. How can I help you?"

He looks a little uncomfortable about what he wants to ask and I assume it's because he's a man and knows how I heal people. "Do you take male clients?" he asks.

"I do, but not in the sense I would take female clients," I explain and relief washes over his face. 

"How do you heal men, then?" he asks.

"It's hard to explain, but if you come in, we can talk about it. I won't force a healing on you if you're uncomfortable. I would just prefer to speak in person than over a videophone."

He nods his agreement. "I can be there within the hour, if you have an opening."

"Let me check, one second," I say and look at my calendar. My next appointment isn't until two o'clock. "I am free until two. Feel free to come in before then."

"Thank you," he says and the screen goes blank.

"I have an idea!" Alana chirps. 

"What's that?" I ask.

"Let's see if I really can heal people," she offers. "Since you can't take men traditionally the fun way-"

"Only because of lack of attraction for them," I explain.

She shrugs her shoulders and shakes her head quickly. "I don't care why," she giggles. "The point is, you only sleep with women to heal them. With men it's a little more complicated. What if we experimented with him? If I can't heal him, then you can heal him the way you heal other men. How do you do that anyway?" she asks.

"Well, I do have to touch the area that's most affected until it registers with my immune system; then I ejaculate into a cup for them to take orally."

She grimaces at the explanation. "That sounds disgusting for a straight man who would never taste cum on his own volition. I think I'm the solution to that problem, Keith; I think I can let them fuck me and heal them. And, like I said, if it doesn't work, we go back to your other way."

"Why don't you let me think about it? I'm going to take a shower before this guy gets here, okay?"

"Okay," she says without another word and then returns to her apartment search. 

While in the shower I consider all the possibilities. The only fear I have is the extreme chance that her sleeping with another guy kills him. What if she's able to take my first load of semen in the day because she has a poison that counters mine? What if what she produces isn't a healing agent at all and kills the other person instantly? I can't resurrect a person; that's a rare ability only The King has. Is it worth the risk? Am I freaking out about nothing? Am I only thinking this way because she's my baby sister that I have fucked twice now and may be jealous if she fucks anyone else? Guilt plagues my stomach and I realize that that's all my fears are; jealousy. She hasn't shown any jealousy from when I had my client here a few minutes ago; it'd be hypocritical of me if I get jealous.

I step out of the shower, dry off and put on comfortable clothes. As soon as I'm dressed, the alert for the front door chimes from my office. I hear Alana let the guy in and I join her in the living room as she makes her way out.

"So?" she gently presses me for an answer.

"We'll try it this once. If anything goes wrong, I can heal him fairly quickly. I have a store of semen in the small refrigerator in my office; all I have to do is register all that's wrong with him and then spit into the semen to alter it."

"That's awesome," she beams at me.

The possible client knocks on the front door and I let him in. He looks nervous, but not as nervous as when he first called. I'll admit, he's a good-looking guy; dark-skinned, very fit, hazel eyes, which is rare for someone of his dark complexion. If I'd been attracted to men, I'd "heal" him in a heartbeat.

"Hi, I'm Keith," I introduce myself.

"Ray," he replies, shaking my hand.

"Have a seat, Ray," I offer, gesturing towards the couch. 

Alana sits next to me on the adjacent couch that forms a 90 degree angle with the one Ray is sitting on.

"This is my sister, Alana. She's actually just recently developed her healing ability, so we wanted to offer the option of her healing you rather than the way I would be able to help you."

"What is your way of healing men? I know it's usually through sex with women," he lets his statement fall off, prompting me to explain.

"For the men, what I do is touch the problem area. Then, depending on how severe the ailment is, I go and ejaculate into a cup for you to drink from. If it's more severe, I have a sample already warming up from more stores and I spit into it to alter it for your consumption."

He looks uncomfortable with this but doesn't say anything about it. This is usually where the guys will agree to drink my semen or see their doctor.

"Your sister has the ability to heal as well?" he asks.

I look at her and nod. "I believe so. You see, with my ability, my first ejaculation of the day is full of poison; likely from all of the diseases I heal throughout the previous day. We, uh, discovered that she was able to take my semen without it ailing her."

He looks taken aback at the fact I fucked my sister this morning. "You banged your sister?"

My face flushes and I look at the floor for a moment. "I guess I should explain. You see, yesterday she was deathly ill. My parents begged me to heal her, so I did and, immediately she was better."

"That doesn't explain this morning."

He has a point, so I lie. "This morning, I wasn't feeling well, which happens from time to time, so she did me the favor of healing me like I healed her. I warned her about my poisonous morning ejaculate, but she insisted she would be fine."

I hope he accepts the lie; I hate to lie to a client, but I've never had to answer for incest before.

He looks at the two of us and his expression softens. "Honestly," he says. "If I had a sister as tasty as yours, I'd probably bang her too. You didn't have to lie," he chuckles.

Heat drains from my face as he catches me in my lie. But he's laughing about it. 

"Mr. Medicus, things are different than they were before the Rule of the King. Before, it wasn't safe for siblings to sleep with each other because of the possible birth defects that came from incest. When he took the throne and the first generation was given glorified bodies, those possibilities went away. Now it's more of a stigma that has stuck around from the old way of thinking," he explains.

"So, we don't have to hide anything, Keith," Alana says happily, hugging my arm.

I shake my head in bewilderment. "As great of news as that is," I chuckle. "That's not why you're here, Ray. We're supposed to be healing you. First, before we get into your illness, I have to ask; are you a mind reader or are you a human lie detector?"

Ray laughs. "I'm more like a lie detector. I sense what's going on inside of you from your bodily functions to emotions. I don't hear thoughts, but I can draw some conclusions based on whatever emotion you're feeling at the time."

I nod. "Interesting," I say, impressed at his ability. "So, let's get down to business, shall we? What have you decided?"

"I think I'll let your sister heal me. I don't mind being her guinea pig," he says looking her over. 

I look at her and she blushes shyly, but she definitely looks interested in healing him; or maybe she just wants to get laid by this caramel-skinned man.

"Very well, I'll just be in my office. If anything goes wrong, just call for me and I'll do whatever I can," I say, standing up. I shake his hand and retreat to my office to give them some privacy. 

I close the door behind me and sit behind the screen of my videophone, which also acts as a monitor. When I moved into this apartment to expand my business, I'd installed cameras in the various rooms in my house for security reasons and to keep records of my appointments. I, at times, go back and review different cases to see if there's anything I can improve on; that and to remember some of my more favorite clients. So I'm not a saint; sue me.

I watch as Alana and Ray begin making out on the couch. They slowly begin to grope each other. Alana reaches into his pants as he reclines on the couch. I can see her eyes widen and a smile spread across her face as she examines his meat "first hand." 

"So, what's ailing you?" she asks softly and then kisses his neck.

"Abdominal pain," he says and tugs at her white t-shirt. She sits back and allows him to remove the top. "Damn girl," he says as he admires her gorgeous tits. Her stomach looks even tighter than it had when we fucked earlier; it's nearly flat now.

"Remember, we're supposed to be professional about this," she teases and I laugh quietly.

"Are you sure your brother doesn't mind?" he asks looking around the room. His eyes lock on the camera that happens to be focused on them at the moment. "He has cameras everywhere."

"I know; he keeps track of his appointments so no one can come after him later," she says.

"Has it happened before?" he asks, stroking her hair as she lowers herself between his legs.

"Not that I know of. Now, let's not talk about my brother and take care of you," she says smoothly taking his mind off of the cameras. She opens up his black jeans and pulls them off of his legs; he raises his hips off of the couch to help her out. My chin drops at the size of his cock. It's almost as long as her forearm from her elbow to wrist and almost as thick around. I estimate it to be 7 inches or longer and he's not even hard yet. I shake my head; Alana won't want me after that monster's in her.

"Oh my," she says in admiration.

Ray grins sheepishly. "Thanks," he says and then sighs as she wraps her dainty hands around his half-hard rod; they barely wrap all the way around his girth. 

"I wonder how it tastes," she says and then lifts it up to lick him from balls to tip. "Mmm," she moans in satisfaction. "Yummy."

She repeats the action until he's hard and then moves on to sink her mouth down his shaft. She can't take him all the way, and he doesn't force it. She lubes him up with her saliva and then directs him to lie back on the couch. She's smart to do it this way so she can control how deep and how intense their fucking goes. She strips off her pants and then straddles him; she grips his cock in her right hand while supporting herself with her other hand with the back of the couch. She aims his dark meat for her pussy and rubs the thick tip along her folds for more lubrication. Once she's satisfied he's slick enough with her saliva and her juices, she begins to accepts his cock into her pussy, slowly; inch by inch. 

"Fuck, it feels like you're still sucking my cock," he says and I know what he means; her pussy is like a second mouth without the teeth and tongue.

"Holy shit you're huge," she says when she's about halfway down his cock. I can't believe she's still taking more of him into her folds. It takes a couple minutes, but she finally takes his entire nine and a half inches into her womb, stretched farther than she's ever been stretched before. 

"Better than your brother?" he asks stupidly.

She snaps her head down at him. "Do you want to be healed or not?" she threatens.

"Sorry," he says quickly. 

"No more talking the rest of the session," she commands and he nods.

Finally having his cooperation, she slowly begins to rise up and down his cock. Her porcelain skin stands out in stark contrast to his darker skin. I change to a different camera for another angle. The one I choose looks down at her so I can see the front of her body rather than the back. She leans back as she picks up her pace; she looks up at the camera and smiles as if she knows that's the one I'm watching her through. She squeezes her tits and pinches her nipples as she impales herself over and over with his spear. I can't help but be a little jealous of the guy, but at the same time I'm proud of my sister for taking such a large hunk of meat into her pussy so easily. 

I notice his face is screwed up in a painful way, but he's also beginning to drive into my sister so I know it's just his climax already approaching. So much for bigger cocks being better, I think to myself. As I watch, I see the areas of their bodies where they're connected begin to glow slightly, as if a light has been turned on inside of Alana's abdomen. She rides him harder and faster as he own orgasm builds.

"You have to hold off as long as possible, Ray," she gasps. "Make sure I cum first or else this won't work."

How she knows that, I have no idea. But from my experiences with the women I've healed, they seem to have amazing intuition when it comes to their bodies and the ones they're connected to in the moment. 

Alana whimpers and gasps as her orgasm approaches. When it finally hits, she lets out a long cry. Ray jerks and convulses as his cock shoots cum into her womb. When he finishes, he looks completely spent, as if he'd just gone and sprinted a 10k. Alana pulls off of him and pulls her clothes back on quickly.

"How do you feel?" she asks.

"Amazing," he grins at her.

She laughs. "I meant your pain," she says.

"The pain is gone!" he says happily. "It's like your pussy just sucked it out of me."

"That's what it felt like to me, too. It felt like it zeroed in on your illness, sent an orgasm through my body and then sucked out whatever was causing the problem," she explains her experience.

"Thank you so much, how much do I owe you?" he asks, rummaging through his pants.

"You can settle the bill with my brother," she says smartly.

I fill out the paperwork for the transaction and then bring it out to the living room just as they finish getting dressed. 

"It was nice to meet you, Ray," Alana says and then retreats to my bathroom to get cleaned up.

Ray signs the bill, presses his thumb into the small print reader I have and the money automatically transfers from his account to mine. I thank him and then send him on his way. I set the paperwork and print reader on the kitchen counter and then join Alana in the bathroom.

"How are you feeling?" I ask her as she showers.

"A little sore," she says and giggles. "He was really big, too big, actually."

"Are you okay?"

"I'll be fine," she assures me. 

"So, did you heal him?" I ask.

"Yep, same way I took your poisonous cum, I took his sick cum. I think the way it works is, just like your immune system alters your sperm to become medication for whomever you're fucking, my body gathers their illness to their cock and then they deposit it into my pussy and then my body dissolves the disease or whatever."

"Huh, interesting," I say. 

She pokes her head out of the shower door and eyes me up and down. "Join me?"

How can I deny her request? I strip down quickly and hop into the shower. The hot water cascades over us as we come together in a passionate kiss. Our tongues dance, wrestle and massage each other. If this is what it will be like after either of us sees a client, I think we'll enjoy our living arrangement. My mind wanders back to watching Alana with Ray and some of the jealousy I'd held back while watching their session. She immediately recoils from my kiss and studies my face inquisitively.

"What?" I ask.

"You're jealous," she states.

"Huh?" I ask; how can she know what I was feeling?

"It's like I feel it too, but not first hand. It's almost like relating to what someone else is feeling, but you were hiding it, weren't you?" she questions me.

"You took on his ability," I say and we separate slightly.

"I guess I'm not a healer," she ponders. "I am, but only because you fucked me, and now that Ray's fucked me too, I have his emotion-reading ability."

I shake my head; this is crazy! What would you even call this ability? Nobody's ever heard of someone who can absorb others' abilities. She doesn't steal the powers, though, she just takes them on because...and that's when it hits me. She absorbs their cum which obviously carries their DNA, and it's within our DNA our abilities can be found. My bewilderment turns to admiration in a flash; my sister is a powerful being. My mouth spreads into a wide grin and she returns it.

"I just sensed every emotion that just went through your head," she confesses in a soft voice as if someone might overhear. 

"You're incredible," I tell her and pull her in to kiss her again.

We begin to ravage each other, groping and mauling every inch of the other's body we can reach. I grab her ass and lift her up and onto my cock. She slides down and winces from her tenderness but then looks at me with a hungry desire. I bounce her on my cock and she goes from silence to screaming in my ear in seconds. I guess I'm still able to please her more than the black monster of a cock she'd just been fucked with. 

Alana's pussy clenches my cock, thirsty for my seed. I pin her to the slick, tiled wall and drive into her wildly. She whimpers and screams ecstatically, her legs are wrapped tightly around my waist as I plow into her pussy mercilessly and she seems to revel in it. Does my sister like it rough? It seems so. 

"Take me from behind?" she requests sweetly when I take a short break to ease the burning in my thighs from the rapid fire fucking I'd been doing. 

"Whatever you want," I say, setting her down and pulling out of her.

She spins around, whipping her wet hair in my face. I spank her beautifully round ass as a playful punishment. She looks at me devilishly over her shoulder and the look drives me wild. I grab her hips and pull her back into me; my shaft rubs the outside of her hot, slick pussy. I slowly pull back a little more and the tip finds its way into her folds. Her vagina sucks me into her again; it must be a part of her ability to have a greedy pussy. I don't give it a second thought and slam into her, slapping my pelvis against her perfect ass. 
