 Note - though this is in the Sci-Fi genre, this chapter contains lesbian sex. I am keeping it in the Sci-Fi category due to the supernatural content that is always involved. Just a small disclaimer for those of you who may say this belongs in a different category. Enjoy!

*****

About a month later we move into a nice, comfortable house just outside the city. It's a simple place with three bedrooms. Mom and Dad know about Alana's ability to heal and, even though they don't like it, support us in growing the business and living together. They don't know about just how close we really are, though, and buying a three bedroom house only helps keep it more of a secret. They assume the third bedroom is where we take clients so we don't have to use our own beds to perform our healings. To keep up appearances, we put a twin-sized bed in the third bedroom, which is actually our office. Sometimes we'll use it, but typically, we sleep and fuck each other in my bed and use her bed for clients. 

After a week of living in the house, we've met most of the neighbors. We explained we work from home and tend to see multiple clients a day. We upgraded the windows to help sound-proof the house and keep the curtains closed while performing our healings. Most of the neighbors are pretty private and don't ask what kind of business we run, the ones who do ask, we explain we heal them; they don't ask how. That is, until one day our next-door neighbor pounds on our door because his daughter is sick. 

"What seems to be her ailment?" Alana asks as we sit him down on the couch.

"We don't know. She just won't get out of bed, she's crying from constant headaches which are causing vomiting. Can you help her?" he asks desperately. "Payment isn't a problem."

"How old is she?" I ask, since there are still laws about age of consent, plus my own moral obligations.

"Nineteen, why?" he asks, looking offended at my question.

I glance at Alana and she takes over. "Well, sir, the way we heal is a little...unheard of," she starts. "You see, we heal people in an...intimate way," she says, hoping he'll pick up on her meaning.

"What do you mean, intimate?" As soon as he asks, it dawns on him. "Are you fucking kidding me? You've been fucking clients here like a fucking whorehouse?" he shouts.

"Sir, please calm down," Alana says soothingly but he doesn't calm down. I stand up as he does to keep him from having the upper hand if he decides to get physical. Alana grabs his hand and he immediately calms down and takes a seat on the couch again. His eyes are slightly glazed over as he stares at Alana. "Sir, it's the way our ability works. There is a way Keith here can heal her without sex, but she would have to drink his semen," she explains. He recoils slightly, though he's still dazed from Alana's touch; it's one of the new abilities she picked up recently. We'd had a client who can counter people's emotions if they got out of hand; they had to be extreme, though. 

"So, you have magic sperm?" he asks me, still in his daze.

I nod. "I didn't ask for the ability or the method, it's just how it works," I clarify calmly. 

"Since your daughter is of consenting age," Alana chimes back in. "The decision will have to be hers."

He nods slowly. Even though Alana is keeping him calm, I can see the torment in his eyes about allowing his girl to have sex with a stranger just to heal her headaches, while at the same time wanting her to feel better. 

"I'll bring her over and let her decide," he says calmly and gets up to leave.

"Can I ask your name?" Alana asks sweetly.

"Alan," he says and then walks out the door.

"That was interesting," I chuckle.

Alana grins. "Yeah, but imagine finding out the healers next door fuck their clients to health," she says and can't help laughing. "How would you feel if you were in his position?"

"Oh! I totally understand his predicament. I have no idea what I'd do if I were in his shoes," I confess.

A few minutes later, Alan is escorting his daughter up our walkway. Alana gets up and opens the door to let them in. His daughter is a knockout; like most of the women in the world anymore. Alana is no longer the exception now, either. After a month of taking clients and using her ability; she's absorbed numerous abilities and is the fittest she's ever been. She has so much energy and sexual drive; I'm amazed I can keep her satisfied. Though I'm sure taking so many partners, though it's all for their health, helps a bit. 

But, back to Alan's daughter: she has platinum blonde hair, light brown eye brows (which I only notice due to how fair her hair and skin is), gray eyes, a button nose, pouty lips that are a light shade of pink and smooth porcelain skin. As my eyes travel down her young body, I can't help but notice that below her narrow shoulders is a wonderful set of medium-sized breasts, covered by a simple, tight, pale pink tank-top that almost matches the color her lips. Her waist narrows to form a slender but beautiful hourglass figure as her hips widen beneath blue denim shorts that hug her curvy ass. I wish I could see it from where I stand, but I can tell that it's as round as Alana's. Her perfect legs are long and slender; her feet dainty and adorable. She'd walked over barefoot. 

"This is my daughter, Sophie," Alan introduces his daughter. 

"I'm Alana and this is my partner, Keith," she introduces the both of us. We'd learn to keep our sibling relation a secret and since we were business partners, and lovers, the word "partner" seems to just suit us.

"Has your father explained to you what it is we do?" I ask her.

She nods and then looks at Alana bashfully. "Does it have to be with him?" she asks my sister and I'm taken aback by her question.

"What do you mean?" Alana asks. 

"I mean, does he have to do it, or could you?" Sophie asks curiously.

Alana's mouth opens to speak but she freezes for a moment before responding. "You know, I'm not sure. I've never taken a female client before. If that's what you prefer, we can certainly try and see, as long as you're okay with him performing the task if it fails," Alana suggests.

Sophie looks at me with a little fear in her eyes but then she smiles at me. "I'm okay with that," she says. 

"How will that work?" Alan asks. 

"Well, the way our ability works is, as Keith has sex with a client, his immune system senses what is ailing a client, as his orgasm builds, the DNA in his sperm mutates into a serum that heals the client. For me, it's almost the opposite. What happens is, as we have sex, my orgasm draws their illness into their sperm and when they ejaculate, it's deposited inside of me and is then absorbed into my system and cleansed immediately."

"Have you gotten anyone pregnant from this?" Alan asks concerned.

I shake my head. "When I heal someone, my sperm is changed completely to only be a healing agent; I ultimately become sterile," I explain. "A client would have to be lying about being sick to get pregnant from me."

Alan is put at ease a little more; I had a feeling he was mostly concerned with his daughter getting pregnant from this ordeal.

"So, how would it work if you do this?" he asks Alana.

She shrugs innocently. "I honestly do not know which is why Keith will be the backup in case it doesn't work."

Alan takes a deep breath and then looks at his daughter. "Are you sure about this?" he asks her. He's still not keen on the idea of his daughter sleeping with someone just to feel better. Sophie looks Alana up and down and then nods. 

He sighs again. "Okay then," he consents and then Alana stands up and escorts her to the second bedroom where her bed is.

When they're gone Alan stands up to leave. "I don't think I can stay here for this, though. She'll be perfectly healthy again, though, once this is over?" he asks uncomfortably.

I nod my head a few times. "She'll be as if she never got sick," I promise. 

"Good," he says and then walks out of the house.

I secure the front door so no one can get in, including my parents, and then retreat to the office to watch Alana and Sophie. I tap the videophone screen and the cameras in what is believed to be Alana's room turn on to see them talking on the bed. I haven't missed anything yet. 

"So, how will this work?" Sophie asks even though her father asked a few minutes ago. 

"I'm not entirely sure, but like I was saying before, I absorb whatever is wrong inside of you during our climax. What I've heard so far from guys is that my vagina feels like another mouth with the way it seems to suck their penis into me," she describes to her and I can see that Sophie's breathing has begun to accelerate; mine has as well. "So, what I'm thinking might happen with us is, once we've gotten our juices really flowing, my pussy will pull your illness into yours and as you orgasm onto me, mine will suck everything in and absorb it."

Sophie lets out a deep breath as if she'd been holding it. "Even though you're just describing how you think you'll heal me, that sounds really hot," she says.

Alana smiles sweetly. "So, why did you pick me, anyway?" she asks, reaching up and smoothing Sophie's hair behind her ear and then dragging her nails lightly over her cheek.

Sophie shivers from her touch, her eyes locked on Alana's hand that's still caressing her face gently. My stiff cock is already out of my pants and in my hand. I slowly jerk myself as I watch my sister with another girl. 

"I have never been with a guy before," she says simply, in a soft, tender voice. "I haven't really been with a girl before, either, but girls are just so much..." she looks into Alana's eyes, "softer," she finishes.

Alana's eyes lock onto Sophie's. "You know," she starts. "Guys aren't as scary as you might think. Keith is a very gentle lover, well, when I want him to be."

"Aren't you two siblings?" she asks Alana.

I don't remember saying anything along those lines, but my mind is so jumbled right now I can barely think clearly.

"What makes you think we're siblings?" Alana asks.

"I hope I didn't offend you!" Sophie says apologetically. "I didn't mean it to sound that way."

Alana cradles the back of Sophie's head in her hand and gently pulls her forward to kiss her. Slowly their faces grow closer together until finally their eyes close and their lips meet in a soft, sensual kiss. It lasts a few seconds before Alana pulls back to talk to her again.

"You didn't offend me, Sophie. I just know we never said whether we were siblings or not; I'm just curious to know why you think we might be," she says kindly.

"You two look similar and you seem closer than just business partners," she says.

"I only said we were partners, not business partners," Alana counters in a playful sort of voice. 

Sophie grins. "Good point," she says. "But, are you?"

Alana searches Sophie's eyes for a moment and then nods. "We are."

"Wow," Sophie says in a half whisper and then leans in to kiss Alana again. 

Alana welcomes her kiss gently but hungrily at the same time. The two beautiful women, almost complete opposites aside from both having sexy bodies, begin to deepen their kisses, slowly adding tongue and then petting. Sophie runs her hands along Alana's thighs, stopping at the hem of her black skirt before daring to move her hand further up under the thin fabric. Alana has Sophie's head cupped in her right hand while slowly reaching for one of her round breasts. When she finally touched one, Sophie jumped back startled for a moment, her eyes wide. 

"I'm sorry," Alana says. "Moving too fast?"

Sophie shakes her head and then leans back in to kiss Alana again. They resume their kissing and then Alana begins to kiss down her neck, stopping to lick her collarbone. Sophie's eyes close and her mouth opens as she lets out a satisfied sigh. As she tickles Sophie's neck, Alana gently hooks her fingers in the hem of Sophie's white top and then slowly begins to lift it up. Sophie raises her arms when Alana reaches her breasts with the shirt. With the tiny T-shirt removed, I am able to see a bare set of ample breasts just a little smaller than Alana's. They are gravity defying, though; perfectly round and standing straight out from her chest. I'm jealous that Alana gets to taste them rather than myself. 

I remember the redhead and her amazing body I never got to experience. Taking a quick break from the monitor I rummage through my drawers for the card she'd given me with her number. I find it in a small drawer that is empty except for the card; I stare blankly at it, wondering if it'd been placed their intentionally. I know I didn't do it, Alana must have. 

Forcing myself to swipe my hand over the screen, I push away Alana's session with Sophie and pull up my videophone screen. I hold the card in front of the clear screen and it immediately calls the beautiful ginger. 

Her face floods my screen and it's not a happy one. "Mr. Medicus," she says sharply.

"...hi," I say terrified.

"A month!" she barks at me.

My head drops. "I am so sorry," I apologize.

"That's it? You're sorry?" she says angrily.

"I'm really sorry?" I say, hoping it sounds more cute than pathetic. 

She bites back a smile and stifles a giggle.

"Can I explain?" I ask.

"This better be good, Keith," she says. 

I'm amazed she remembers my name. I explain the drama with my sister and tell her the whole story of healing her and how we're now in business together and have a new place just outside the city.

"So, you're with your sister now?" she asks, but doesn't sound disgusted or offended at the idea.

"Kinda," I say uncertainly. "I mean, we've been close our whole lives; I'm not sure what we have now," I tell her. "She does help me out with my morning condition."

"You don't have to call morning wood a condition," she jokes.

I laugh and then explain the poison that comes with my morning "stiffness" and how Alana is able to absorb it so I can take clients earlier in the day now.

"And she takes clients too?" she asks.

"She's with one now. We still don't know what her condition is, or if Alana will be able to heal her, yet, but they really seem to be enjoying themselves," I tell her.

"She's with another girl?" Amber asks and her face flushes.

I nod. "I'm a bit jealous, actually," I laugh.

"Of which one?" she teases.

"Both, actually," I say and we both laugh. "Look, I'm sorry I took so long to get back to you. Life just kinda got away from me. I'd like to see you again, though, if that's okay with you?"

Amber smiles and then stares back at me, thinking, for a minute. "I think I'd like that, too. As long as you don't mind going out with a pregnant lady," she says.

"How is the baby doing?"

She backs away from the camera but she's only at two months, so she isn't really showing yet. "Not much to show, but I feel like I've put on a ton of weight," she says.

"I think you look amazing," I compliment her.

Her freckled skin turns a shade of pink at her cheeks. "You're sweet. How about tonight? Dinner?"

"I'd like that," I say and we make plans to meet at restaurant near her place in the city.

"See you then!" she says and we say our goodbyes. I immediately swipe my hang back over the screen to resume watching Alana and Sophie.

They're both completely naked now, I can go back another time to watch what I missed if I want. But for now I'll just enjoy watching Alana eating Sophie's bald pussy. Alana stops for a moment and looks up at Sophie.

"We should both be doing this to get our juices flowing," Alana suggests and Sophie agrees with an excited nod. 

They move into a 69 position with Alana on top and dive into each other's pussy, their moans and groans driving the other closer to a climax. It isn't long before Alana is ready for the position she decides will be necessary for the healing part. She climbs off of Sophie and pulls her into a sitting position and then bends and spreads the young girl's legs. Alana then slides in and wraps her right leg over Sophie's and then around her waist. She then pulls Sophie's right leg up and over her left and then presses her pussy against Sophie's. Sophie's eyes widen in shock at the sensation of their tight pussies pressed together. Alana then grinds into Sophie and Sophie matches her, movement for movement. 

"Holy shit, it's like your mouth is on me, sucking on my pussy. All that's missing is a tongue," Sophie says ecstatically. "This feels amazing. I'm already starting to feel better."

Alana doesn't say anything, she's whimpering too much, but I know those whimpers. She's beyond turned on. She only gets like that when she's so horny all words leave her mind. Sophie picks up on this and increases her gyrations as Alana does. Soon they're both screaming as they grind their pussies together, occasionally stopping to slap them together roughly. Then, knowing they're both about to climax, they squeeze their hips together and I see Alana's glow again; Sophie's follows shortly after as I know their fluids are mixing and Alana is pulling the sickness our of Sophie. When their climaxes finally subside, they collapse together on the bed and cuddle up together, kissing softly as they recover. I hadn't noticed when, but I made a mess on the floor below the desk, so I retreat to the bathroom connected to the office to get something to clean it up with.

When I return to the monitor, the girls are falling asleep. Normally Alana would be pulling her clothes back on to search for me to send the client home so we can fuck again. This time, however, she seems more satisfied than I've even made her. I wonder what this could do to our relationship. Then again, I'm about to meet up with Amber for dinner in a couple hours. Maybe what Alana and I have had the past month is coming to an end, or just changing. Maybe we'll always have something special that our significant others will just have to appreciate or deal with. 

The screen changes to announce a local news report. Normally I ignore these, but when I see the burning building in the background, I turn up the volume.

"...extremist group, Canaan, has bombed the home of Levi Stratham, first judge of The King's court. No bodies have been recovered as of late, but his colleagues have told us that they were together, celebrating their youngest daughter's birthday. This is the fifth attack this month on officials of The King's Counsel. One must wonder what The King is waiting for in retaliating against this terrorist group. Is there no fear that citizens will begin to take matters into their own hands and fight the Canaan's? Is there not a fear of World War four breaking out?"

I tune out the rest, completely awestruck at the blatant attack from the rebel group that has been after The King for centuries. Like the reporter, I wonder what the response will look like and when it will happen.