 I knock on the spare room door softly before entering. Sophie is spooning behind Alana, her arms draped over Alana's naked body. When I kneel next to the bed, I run my fingers through Alana's hair to gently wake her. Her eyes flutter open and she smiles at me once she's able to focus.

"Hey," she whispers sleepily.

"Hey, beautiful. I'm going out," I tell her.

"Where are you going?"

"I called Amber, that cute redhead," I remind her.

"Oh, did you finally get the balls to do that?" she teases.

I chuckle. "Funny. Anyway, yeah, I'm taking her out tonight. I just wanted to let you know, okay?"

"Okay, have fun," she says and cuddles in closer to Sophie before falling back asleep.

I leave the house, having gotten ready before letting Alana know what I was doing for the evening. I take a cab into the city and check in at the restaurant Amber picked out to find that she arrived a minute before me. On the way to the table I notice the clock on the wall and the time tells me we're both early; that's a new one. 

"Thank you," I tell the hostess and Amber greets me with a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"We're both early," Amber cheerily points out what I'd already been thinking. "How often does that happen?" she laughs.

"I have a feeling it's going to be a normal thing for us because you just voiced exactly what I was thinking as I walked up," I tell her and we both laugh.

"How's the business going?" she asks as we sit down.

"Good! Alana is taking clients now," I tell her.

"Oh, she's a healer too?" 

"She is now," I say before realizing that Amber never knew that Alana didn't have an ability before.

"What was she before?" she asks suspiciously.

"I, uh," I stammer; what am I supposed to tell her? 

"You're hiding something," she prods with a big grin on her face.

"I think she absorbs abilities, actually," I say.

"What do you mean?"

"Well..." I hesitate, unsure of how much to tell her.

"Look, I've heard some crazy things the past few years; I doubt you can tell me anything I haven't heard before."

"Let me start from the beginning," I say. "You see, the way I discovered my ability was by having sex. I was way too young at the time, but the girl that seduced me woke my ability to heal and was cured of her mild illness. Alana knew this and tried to seduce me, thinking the same thing would happen for her."

"She succeeded didn't she?" Amber asks curiously.

"In a way. She almost did that afternoon we met, but when she let it slip that it was to waken her ability, I put a stop to it. Then a few hours later, after she'd left embarrassed, my mother calls saying that Alana was really sick and didn't know what from. So, I did the only thing a loving brother would do... I cured her," I explain.

"So, you fucked you sister," she says in a lower tone so no one around us could hear.

I nod. "It turns out whoever she sleeps with, she gains their ability. She came by the next morning to 'thank' me and absorbed my poisonous morning sperm. After that, she took on a client that day and was able to read people's emotions and basically became a human lie detector like the client we accepted. We ended up being pretty busy looking for a place together and she mostly just would take my morning load so I could take clients earlier in the day. But, she just took a female client this afternoon, so I'm curious to see what happens now."

"She does girl-on-girl, huh?" Amber asks impressed.

I nod. "It was kinda hot to see, I'll admit," I chuckle.

"I bet it was," our laughter continues. 

"So, how's the baby?" I ask, changing the subject.

"So far so good. When I came to you, I was already about four weeks along, so I'm right around eight weeks now," she says.

"That's great! I'm glad he or she is doing well still," I praise happily. "Have you thought of names yet, or am I asking a little early?" I chuckle.

She shakes her head. "No, names rattle off in my head on a daily basis. But, what I decide on today will change tomorrow. I don't think I'll know until they're in my arms," she says.

I nod with a big grin on my face. It was nice to be out with a friend, or possible girlfriend, and not stuck at home with a client. Not that I don't enjoy those nights, but it does tend to wear you down when the extent of the "relationship" ends that night with a thank you and a payment. Though they're grateful I did something good for them, it's all about them. Some do go the extra mile and make sure all my needs are taken care of, but they still leave to go back to their lives. I have a feeling about Amber that this will last more than just tonight. I'm not even sure we'll fuck tonight and I realize I'm totally okay with that. All this goes through my head as she tells me about what happened with her ex-boyfriend who her older brother thoroughly beat to a pulp. However, the guy is a self-healer and actually in our military, so his "punishment" didn't last too long. 

"Not even a reprimand from his superiors in the military?" I ask.

She shakes her head, sipping on her glass of water. "I don't care, though. He got the message to stay away and I haven't heard from him since. In fact, that happened a day or two after we met, so I haven't heard from another guy aside from my brother until you called me today. What prompted you to do that, anyway? Not that I'm complaining," she winks.

"Well, like I said, I've been pretty busy figuring things out with my sister and the business and relocating to the suburbs, but I think seeing her with that girl today and how loving and tender their session was made me long for something more. I love my sister to death, but I don't think we have a lasting relationship there," I explain. "But, that said, I still have my doubts that I can really have a lasting relationship when I have an ability that's performed in such an intimate way."

Amber nods her understanding. "I'll admit, that'd be a struggle to deal with if we become something more."

"So, you've considered that?" I ask almost dumbfounded.

She grins bashfully. "Ever since I saw you walk into the restaurant," she admits.

I reach across the table for her hand and she slides it into mine. "I'm sorry I didn't call sooner," I sincerely apologize to her. 

She shakes her head. "No, you had a lot on your plate, and, honestly, it seems like there was a possibility of you and your sister having something real," she says quietly. 

I'm amazed at how comfortable with the idea of my incestuous relationship she is, but after seeing her again tonight, I'm not sure I want to continue things with Alana. But when I think about that, I'm still torn. I love my sister dearly and don't want to hurt her, but she did encourage me to go out with Amber tonight. Maybe we're both on the same page about our brief "extracurricular" relationship coming to an end. 

"You alright, Keith?" Amber asks, squeezing my hand that's still holding hers.

"Yeah, sorry. Just had a lot on my mind from what you just said."

"There's still something there with her, I know," she says, starting to pull her hand away but I hold it tight and she stops pulling away and squeezes again. "Look, we don't have to talk about this right now. In fact, we really shouldn't be talking about this anyway, this is only our second time seeing each other, right?" she laughs lightly.

"Yeah, you're right," I say, grateful for her gracious attitude towards me.

A server finally arrives and takes our order. Soon, another glass of water is brought out for Amber and a beer for me. We talk casually about things until our food comes, then suddenly the news report from this afternoon pops in my head.

"Did you see that report about the bombing?" I ask her.

Her eyes grow wide. "Yes! Isn't that insane? We haven't had true terrorist attacks like this in centuries, and then suddenly this happens? What's going on?"

I shake my head, cutting into my bacon-wrapped chicken breast. "People think The King is growing weak, but I'm not so sure. You've heard the prophecies about the final days," I say as they are a regular teaching. 

She nods. "Do you believe them, though?"

I chew on the salty meat and nod. "Of course. The face of the evil one is known to all of us, and he's definitely leading this Canaan group. If not, he's the object of their passion. It was said that after a thousand years of The King's reign, he would be released again into the world and allowed to deceive again. It's been harder for him this time around since everyone knows what he looks like and what his mission is, but there is still free will in the world and with that comes selfishness. He's making promises of power and wealth to people and they're falling for it."

"I never took you as the religious type," she says, taking a bite of her shrimp salad.

I shrug. "I'm not so much religious as observant. A lot of the old prophecies of The King and The End are coming true. We've had peace for over a thousand years now; the evil one was released from his sea-bound prison; he's seducing followers to his side; now they're beginning to attack with scare tactics like the old days before The Seven Years."

"So, whose side are you on?" she asks.

I ponder the question for a moment. "It should be an easy answer, right? The King. He's taken care of us for over a thousand years now, and Lucifer was just released when I was born. It's taken him some twenty-something years to grow a group large enough to begin his attacks on the kingdom. Do you know how long it took The King to gain followers when he first visited earth?" I ask her.

"Three years," she says with a taunting grin.

"Roughly. He finished his schooling with the church and then began choosing his first twelve disciples around the age of thirty, then within three years he had thousands listening to his words. If that's not a true and powerful God, I don't know what is. Lucifer has been around for thousands of years, trying to bring people to his side. He's been successful, but not as successful as The King. He'll win battles, he'll kill some of our leaders, but he won't win the war," I say and then dig into my dinner some more.

Amber laughs quietly. "I knew it, you're a religious nut!" 

My face burns hot but when I look up at her, she's smiling at me; she's teasing me. 

"You're kind of a brat, you know that?" I say.

"You like me, though," she says, leaning across the table towards me.

I lean as well and say, "Maybe," I tease and then sit back against my chair.

She gasps, offended at me blowing her off as she was about to kiss me. I wink at her as I chew on another piece of chicken and bacon.

"Who's the brat now?" 

I laugh. "You started it; I just rose to the challenge."

"As long as something rises to the challenge later, I'll forgive this," she says, dropping a bomb on me. Would it be safe to fuck her? What would happen if I do? The only person I've had sex with without healing them is Alana, and at those times, she was taking my poisonous cum. I start to panic inside, fearing the worst. What if I hurt the baby? What if I hurt Amber? I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I caused any kind of lasting damage.

"Keith, what's wrong?" she asks concerned.

"Um, I think I should probably go," I say suddenly and wave over our server.

"Why? Did I say something wrong?" she asks.

"No, you're fine. I, I just, I just have to go, I'm sorry," I say and when the server comes over, I place my thumb on her payment device and apologize to Amber again. I don't get fifty feet from the restaurant before she's standing right in front of me. "How-?" I stammer, looking behind me.

"You're not the only one with a special ability, Keith," she reminds me. 

"I know that, but, you were just... Your ability is speed," I say as it finally dawns on me.

"Yes, it is, but what the fuck was that about back there?" she demands angrily.

I look at my feet ashamed. "I'm sorry," I start. How do I explain to her all I fear?

"Look," she says, "let's just go back to my place or your place, I don't care where. We can just talk. I thought things were going one way, but maybe I was wrong. There's no pressure here. I like you and you obviously like me, you said so. Please, just let's talk and figure this out, okay?" she pleads, her emotions beginning to rise.

I nod. "That's fair," I say and then wave for a cab to take us to her place since she lives in the city. 

We don't say much on the cab ride to her apartment, but half way there she takes my hand in hers and squeezes lovingly.

"Sorry for chasing you down like that," she says and I chuckle. "I probably shouldn't have done that, it made me look desperate."

I shake my head. "I'm glad you did. I'll explain all that was going through my head once we're somewhere private," I promise and a few minutes later we're walking up to her apartment. 

"So, what's going on in that head of yours?" she asks.

I take a minute to gather my thoughts before responding. "You know how I heal people, right?" I ask her.

"Sexually, obviously," she says as she unlocks her door.

We walk inside and her lights turn on automatically. I shut her door behind us and we take a seat on her rich, black leather couch. 

"Yes. My sperm can heal people. Also, my first cum of the day is full of poison," I explain.

"Right," she says. "How'd you find that out?"

"I took a client one morning and made her sick with my cum. I was able to get hard again and heal her pretty quickly, but it was scary as hell," I say. "We enjoyed the second time, but I'd rather not have to do that. Hurting someone with my morning jizz isn't a fun thought," I say.

"And you're worried about hurting me?" she asks.

I nod again. "Or the baby."

"And that's why you and your sister live together? She takes your morning load and then you're free to heal the rest of the day?"

"Essentially, yes. Today was a bit of a twist when the client requested Alana instead of me. But, like I said earlier, it was pretty hot to watch as well."

"So, did you sit in the room and observe, or are you a creeper with cameras everywhere?" she asks.

I laugh. "I'm not a creeper, but I do have cameras. I don't hide them and the clients typically see them. I explain it's for my records, which it is, but I can't help that my records are pretty sexy to watch again," I say, revealing my perverted side to her.

"I don't blame you," she says. "If we'd fucked that first day, I'd want to watch it again," she admits and my jaw about drops. "So, did you and your sister fuck this morning?" she asks.

I nod. "Every morning," I tell her.

"Then you have nothing to worry about tonight," she says scooting closer to me. 

"What if I'm here in the morning?" I ask.

"What did you do before your sister was around?" she asks in response.

"Masturbate in the shower or into the toilet," I reply as she grows closer and closer.

"Problem solved," she says and then her lips press against mine. 

Her mouth separates and mine moves with hers. Her tongue licks my lips and I meet it with my own. She stumbles into my lap, straddling my thighs in her little blue dress. I grab her perfectly round ass and pull her tight into me; her skirt rises up her thighs and I pull it up over her bubble butt and feel her warm skin under my fingers. She's not wearing any underwear; she'd planned on this happening tonight. 

"Which way to your bedroom?" I ask, breaking our kiss. She points to the opposite corner of the room. I stand up, her legs wrap tightly around my waist, my stiffening cock presses against her bare ass, holding her in place as she kisses my neck and face all over. I find my way to her room and then drop her onto the bed. Her fiery red hair spreads out behind her like a still-frame of a firework display, her D-cup breasts bounce beautifully beneath her tight dress. Her stomach is still flat, though not as tight as when I first met her, but I don't care about that. Alana was bigger than this when I first fucked her and I was very much attracted to her then. Her hips curve out to the sides creating the most voluptuous hourglass figure I've ever seen. Her curves are beyond dangerous, they're murderous. I'm convinced that her figure is so mesmerizing, even a gay man would be entranced by her figure. 

"Are you going to just stare at me or make love to me?" she teases.

I grin. "I'm just admiring perfection," I tell her and she melts at my words. 

I sink to my knees and pull her body closer to the edge of her soft bed. She spreads her legs and I lower my mouth to her pink pussy lips. She has a patch of red hair just above, shaped into a triangle pointing downward, as if to say, "insert tongue/cock here". I couldn't wait to taste this beautiful display of sex before me, so I don't and lightly lick her slit. She shivers at my first touch and lets out a sigh. Her sensitivity tells me it's been a while since she's seen any action, which is unfortunate because she's the epitome of female perfection. She must be honest about her pregnancy and most guys freak out about that. Me, I know it's safe for her to have sex; pregnant women have sex all the time. Hell, back in the days of porn there was a whole category dedicated to guys and/or girls fucking pregnant women.

I hold her by the thighs, keeping her legs separated as I minister to her sweet pussy. I've eaten out my fair share of women and I have to say that this is the sweetest pussy I've ever tasted. Alana's is sweet, like candy, but Amber's sweetness is intoxicating. I get lost in the soft scent of vanilla as I probe deeper into her vagina. She begins to slowly grind her pussy into my face as I explore her depths with my tongue. My nose presses against her clit, rubbing around it as she gyrates and I swivel my head in countering circles. I can hear her breathing becoming more and more ragged as I swirl my tongue around inside her fuck hole. She whimpers a few times as I hit certain spots. I discover her more sensitive areas and focus on them for a few seconds at a time before moving somewhere else to tease a little. When I pull my tongue out and suck on her clit, her hands clamp down on my head, pressing her tighter into her sex.

Her whimpers turn to sexy little barks of ecstasy as I minister to her clit and then she lets out a cry of surprise as I press a finger against her pussy lips, lubing it up to push it further inside. I remember where my tongue explored her sensitive areas and I search those spots out again with my finger. Her fingernails dig into the back of my skull as I finger and tongue-fuck her sensitive pussy. I try to keep her legs apart as I minister to her, bringing her closer and closer to her first orgasm of the night. She doesn't know it, but she's in for one hell of a night of passion.

"Oh, shit," she cries and jerks her hips into my face, bumping my nose a little and causing my eyes to tear up from the unexpectedly rough contact. I don't complain, though, because I'm giving her a great oral treatment. I try to keep her thrusts under better control after that, though, and keep my free hand on one of her thighs to hold her in place better. 

I moan into her pussy to send some vibrations into her and she loses control. She sits up and fucks my face rapidly as her juices gush all over my face. Her body then releases and collapses back onto the bed. She breathes heavily as I crawl up and then lay down next to her, my raging cock pressing against my pants. 

"Let me catch my breath," she requests. "Then I'll return the favor."

"Take your time, beautiful," I tell her and caress her right arm. Her left arm is folded over her eyes as she tries to calm herself back down. Her stomach rises and falls with each heavy breath; she looks like she's just run a 10k. I kiss her shoulder tenderly as I wait patiently for her to regain her composure.

