 Author's Note: This story contains a lot of gross material, including bathroom stuff (poop) and giving birth. If that makes you uncomfortable, then this story isn't for you. 

* * * 

My name's Emily. 

Two weeks ago, my best friend Roweena stole an experimental dick-plant. Along with our college classmate Lily, we spent a few days playing with it. 

Long story short: the situation got weird. 

Lily and I ended up fucking the plant and getting pregnant together. The next day, we birthed a bunch of green slugs in Roweena's bathtub. We even nursed them, although they never seemed to move. 

Roweena kept the slugs in a fish tank now. "Not sure if these things are still alive," she texted me.

Personally, I was trying to focus on my classwork again. I was a Biology major, constantly anxious about my grades. I didn't have time for craziness anymore.

Although... sometimes my curiosity got the better of me.

* * * 

"They turned into butterflies?" I asked in amazement.

Roweena nodded. "Crazy, right? Like some kind of metamorphosis."

It was a frigid winter evening. After driving me back from campus, Roweena had brought me down to her wood-paneled basement. Our two dick-plants, one large and one small, had been pushed into a corner. I sat on her couch, leaning over the fish tank on the coffee table. 

Roweena stood watching me. "What do you think?"

I pressed my face against the fish tank. Bundles of thick, green skin - like banana peels - lay scattered at the bottom. The slugs had molted, apparently, and a small group of butterflies now clung to the glass. 

The butterflies were bizarre-looking. First of all, they were huge: their dark-green wings could cover my entire face. Second, they had long tails that dangled downwards - very smooth and thick. 

Actually, I thought, the tails look exactly like...

"They're penises," I said aloud.

Roweena laughed. "Glad you finally noticed!"

Fascinated, I squinted at the butterflies. They were basically dicks with wings, I realized. Their green bodies were nearly two feet long. Most of the length was in the tail, a smooth shaft that ended in a bulbous, swollen-looking tip. 

"This is creepy," I said.

"A little," Roweena agreed. "And they keep escaping the tank, even when it's closed."

The penis-butterflies were perfectly still, not even moving their wings. I tapped the glass.

"They're not moving, though."

"Not when you watch them." Roweena shrugged. "But they escape whenever you leave the room. Or when you're sleeping..." 

Just then, I noticed that one was missing: there had been five slugs, but I only saw four butterflies. 

"Roweena, where's the last one?"

She looked down, smiling. "Well... that's the weird part."

"What do you mean?"

Roweena began unzipping her jeans. "I'll just show you."

"Show me what?" My voice went higher. "Roweena? Show me what?"

She dropped her jeans to the floor, and my eyes widened. 

Roweena had a dick. A green one. 

A penis-butterfly had attached itself to her body. Its tail curled from beneath her, extending six or seven inches from her black pubic hair. You wouldn't mistake it for a real penis - there were no testicles, for one thing - but it looked unsettlingly close.

"How...?" I stammered. "Where...?"

"I fell asleep on the couch yesterday," she explained. "When I woke up, I had this!"

"But where are the wings?" I asked, blinking. "They're not... inside you, are they?"

"Yep!" Roweena grinned, looking proud. "Emily, it's hooked up to me! I FEEL it! I can even pee with this thing!"

I wanted to ask more questions, but suddenly my mouth went dry.

For years, Roweena had been my best friend. We were always an unlikely pair: she was an athletic, dark-skinned woman with immigrant parents, and I was a pale nerd with glasses.

Now, for the first time - as Roweena stood bottomless, hands on her hips, and displayed her cock - I felt sexually attracted to her. Perhaps it was a change in her body chemistry, or just the way she carried herself. Either way, I felt like a horny teenager staring at a muscular man.

"Is that... permanent?" I managed to ask.

Roweena shook her head. "When I cum, it gets loose for a while. I could pull it out." 

My heart skipped a beat. "Cum?"

"Yeah." Roweena grinned again. "Jerking it off is really easy. It works the same as the dick-plant." Her smiled widened. "You want to see, Emily?"

I blushed. "You want me to watch you masturbate?"

"It's not masturbating." Roweena rolled her eyes. "It's just jerking off this butterfly-penis." 

"Oh. Good point." 

I leaned back on Roweena's couch. She stood across from me, jeans around her ankles. "This'll only take a minute," she said. 

She gripped her green cock and, casually, began to stroke it. The butterfly-penis quickly stiffened, growing slightly larger in her hand.

"You actually feel that?" I asked.

She nodded. "Yeah. It's pretty cool having a dick." Her hand slid up and down the shaft. "Peeing is much easier. And I feel stronger, too. I was a total monster at kickboxing today."

I licked my lips, eyes glued to Roweena's green penis. 

She sighed, closing her eyes. "I started looking at girls, though," she said. "That was pretty weird at first."

"It turned you into a lesbian?"

"More like a straight dude." She grunted. "Hold on, Emily - I'm cumming."

I watched Roweena stroke harder, pushing her hips forward. Her body tensed up. 

Suddenly, a thick cumshot flew from the tip of her butterfly-penis. The semen arced through the air, narrowly missing my head. After a moment, she released a second blast of cum.

"Wow!" I exclaimed.

Roweena laughed, breathless, as she came down from her brief orgasm. A sweet smell, identical to the dick-plant's cum, began to fill the room. 

"I think it shoots the same stuff as the plant," she said, breathing hard, "but there's more of it. It comes back faster, too."

She sighed, wiping a dribble of cum from the tip. 

"Anyway, it's loose now," she said. "I could yank it out if I wanted to."

I was still staring at her, open-mouthed, as she hitched her jeans back up.

Catching my eye, she smirked at me. "I think I'll keep it in a little longer, though."

* * *

We took our notebooks out and tried to study. Dick or no dick, we were approaching the end of the fall semester, and we had plenty of work for Biology class. 

But I had trouble concentrating. My brain buzzed with thoughts of Roweena's butterfly-penis, and my heart wouldn't stop racing.

After ten minutes, I noticed Roweena glancing up from the armchair. Swallowing, I asked, "Is it ready for another round?"

She nodded silently.

I cleared my throat. "Maybe I could... see it again?"

Without a word, she stood up and approached me. She seemed to glow with masculine power, taller and more muscular than I remembered. 

"Roweena?" I asked. 

She reached down and pulled me roughly to my feet. Before I could speak, she kissed me on the mouth.

"Mmph!" My eyes widened in surprise. 

I almost pushed her away... but then Roweena wrapped her arms around me. The embrace was firm and warm, the same way my ex-boyfriend used to hold me. It felt safe.

Relaxing, I kissed her back.

Roweena's tongue entered my mouth. Her body pressed hard against mine, and I could feel the stiff bulge in her pants.

Eyes closed, we sat on the couch together. Her hands groped at me. I raised my chin, lips parted, as Roweena began to suck my neck. 

"Mmm, Roweena..." I murmured.

My body blazed with heat. Already, I was slipping my hand through the waistband of her jeans. My fingers touched her curly pubic hair, and then the smooth flesh of her cock.

The butterfly-penis felt rock-hard. I wrapped my hand around it...

Roweena pulled back with a jolt. "Shit!" she grunted. "I'm cumming already!"

She started unbuttoning her pants - and then a jet of cum shot upwards into her t-shirt. She gasped, covering her cock tip with one hand, and more semen splattered against her palm.

"There's so much!" I marveled.

Roweena laughed, embarrassed. "I guess I don't have much stamina." 

As her orgasm ended, her arousal seemed to disappear. She shook her head, wiping her hands on her jeans.

"Sorry about kissing you," she said. "This thing really makes me act like a straight dude."

"Oh, I didn't mind..." 

I bit my lip, still blushing with desire. Roweena ignored me.

"Guess I should take this out," she said. Turning away from me, she leaned back and pulled her pants to her knees. She reached between her legs and slowly withdrew the penis-butterfly. 

"Ooh," she mumbled to herself, "that's a weird feeling..."

I looked away, embarrassed again, as her odd sense of masculinity faded away. In a heartbeat, my attraction to her vanished.

Wait a second, I thought. Did we really just...?

When Roweena sat up, she was dangling a wet, shriveled butterfly from her fingers. It smelled faintly of unwashed crotch - a distinctly feminine odor.

"That was too weird," I said.

"Yeah - I felt like a different person." She blinked, as if waking from a dream. "Want to try it next, Emily?"

I shook my head, disgusted. "Not in a million years!"

* * * 

"These things are crazy!" Lily cried excitedly. She bent over the fish tank, staring at the five penis-butterflies. "They really turn into girl-cocks?"

"Sort of," Roweena said, smiling.

It was two days later, and Lily had come home with us after class. Roweena had apparently told her everything, including the details of our kiss. I still felt awkward about it.

"I'm their mom," Lily explained, "so I deserve to see what they can do!" She looked back and forth between us. "Can't you pop one in?"

Roweena shook her head. "It's more than just being inside you. They need to, like, hook themselves up. I was asleep when it happened." 

"Oh." Lily bit her lip, disappointed. 

As always, she wore a heavy lumberjack shirt and khaki pants. With her short blond hair and skinny figure, Lily looked a little boyish already. Imagining her with a penis wasn't exactly a stretch.

"How about sucking off a plant?" She pointed to the dick-plants in the corner. "That'll knock us out for an hour. Maybe we'll wake up with penises!"

If you gave the dick-plants a blowjob, you'd pass out and have vivid sex dreams. "Not a bad idea," Roweena said.

"I don't know about this," I said nervously. "When Roweena had a penis, we started acting weird..." 

"If we get crazy," Lily said, giggling, "just rip our cocks out!" 

I frowned. "Roweena, are you sure about this?"

"Why not?" She shrugged. "It was fun being a boy."

They picked up a potted dick-plant and moved it to the coffee table. I watched them anxiously.

"I'm not doing this," I announced, "but I can keep a lookout in case something goes wrong."

"Actually..." Roweena glanced at me. "The butterflies won't move if somebody's watching, remember?"

My body stiffened. "You want me to leave?"

"How about hanging out in the bathroom?" Lily suggested. "The door's pretty thin, so you'll hear if we need help."

I tried to argue, but I wasn't very persuasive. Minutes later, sighing, I settled onto the toilet seat. 

The bathroom was tiny, and it smelled faintly like mildew. Through the door, I could hear Lily and Roweena talking. "Want me to go first?" Lily asked.

"Sure," Roweena said. Then, after a pause: "You know, I really did act like a different person..."

"If you try to kiss me, I'll slap you." Lily laughed. "Should we take our pants off?"

"Nah, I was still dressed the other day. No idea how it got through my clothes."

They talked a little longer. Eventually, I heard a soft sucking noise - the sound of a plant blowjob. After a minute, Lily coughed. 

"Ugh," she gasped, "that went right down my windpipe."

"Sorry." Roweena waited a moment. "See you on the other side, Lily."

Soon, I heard more sucking. Roweena was blowing the plant, too.

The basement grew silent afterwards. Lily and Roweena had both passed out, I guessed. I knew they'd be dreaming about sex for the next hour... and I'd be stuck listening from the bathroom.

Minutes went by. I passed the time as best I could, doing Biology homework on the toilet. I lowered my skirt and took a small poop - why not? - and wiped myself clean. 

But nothing was happening outside. Soon, I started yawning.

I had hardly slept for the past few nights; I kept thinking about Roweena's butterfly-penis. I masturbated for long stretches of time, but lately I'd had trouble reaching orgasm - even more trouble than usual - and I got frustrated with myself.

Sighing, I let my thoughts wander. I started thinking about my Biology professor, Dr. Vilsark. She was the kind of woman I aspired to be someday: still attractive in her forties, successful, with cute kids and a sexy husband. There was another dick-plant in her office... Had she tried sucking it off? I wondered. Fucking it?

My thoughts drifted further. Once or twice, I caught my head nodding sleepily. Stop it, I told myself. You can't fall asleep on a toilet...

I imagined Dr. Vilsark in her office, sucking on her dick-plant. She probably gave great blowjobs to her husband, too. I thought about the two of them conceiving their kids. Unprotected sex while she ovulated... 

A funny feeling ran up my spine. 

I could give her one more baby, I thought. On her office floor, I eased her knees apart and slipped my green dick inside her. After just a few thrusts, I began to throb almost painfully. I was cumming, flooding her body with my potent semen...

"Move!" Lily shouted.

I jumped to my feet, blinking awake, as she pushed me off the toilet. "Sorry," I mumbled.

Hurriedly, Lily tugged her slacks down and sat. "I'm about to shit, Emily, so..."

"Hold on - I'm leaving."

I waddled towards the door, but my underwear and skirt were around my ankles. As I bent to pick them up, I froze.

"Oh no," I said.

Lily looked up at my green butterfly-dick, and her eyes widened. "Holy crap!" she cried.

* * * 

Later, once Roweena and Lily had pooped their seeds out, the three of us sat around the coffee table together. They both stared openly at the tent in my skirt. Neither had gotten a dick of their own, though they seemed more curious than jealous.

Apparently, I'd slept for almost an hour on the toilet. We had no idea how the penis-butterfly had gotten inside me, since the bathroom door had been closed. 

With my fingers, I touched the new flesh through my skirt. 

Lily giggled. "Don't be modest!" she said. "Whip it out!" 

I pulled my skirt off, feeling my bare butt against the armchair. Lily leaned across the coffee table and inspected my exposed crotch. I spread my legs apart, less modest than usual.

The green butterfly-dick curved outwards from my vaginal opening. It ran forwards along my vulva, half-enclosed by my pussy lips, before pointing upwards like a normal erection. It was big - almost seven inches long - and thicker than a normal penis.

"How does it feel?" Roweena asked.

"It feels... normal," I said. "Like it's a regular part of my body. I don't feel the wings inside me or anything." 

Touching the tip again, I shivered at its sensitivity. The butterfly-penis felt like a giant, exposed clitoris. I got the strong sensation that I shouldn't bend it, or even point it downwards. 

Remembering my Biology classes, I started thinking out loud. "I guess it's connected to my nervous system," I said, "but I can't imagine how that works. Not to mention that it's hooked up to my urinary tract, which doesn't make sense at all..."

"Forget that," Lily said, distracted. "How about jerking it off?"

Lily and Roweena were both staring at my green cock. A rush of confidence filled me. 

"Well," I said, grinning, "since you're asking so nicely..."

Still seated, I wrapped my fingers around the butterfly-penis. Then, slowly, I began to stroke. The motion came naturally to me, and I felt the green flesh stiffening in my hand.

Lily licked her lips, watching. "I bet that feels good..."

I nodded, breathing harder. The cock was growing fuller, warmer, as the sensations grew more intense. My hand moved steadily faster. I closed my eyes, letting my head fall backwards.

I was getting sexually aroused, but all the details felt different now. I could feel the friction of my hand against the shaft, and the pleasurable heat growing inside me. The rest of my body seemed unimportant - the penis became my only focus. I felt a strange pressure inside it, which became stronger with every stroke.

Suddenly, a powerful force swelled inside me. I grunted - "Hmmph!" - and pushed my hips upwards. A jolt of intense pleasure seized my body - and then another, and another. My muscles tensed up with each pulse.

Finally, the rush faded. Gasping, I opened my eyes to see Roweena and Lily staring at me from the couch. Between them, my gooey cum had splattered the cushions. 

"Wow," Roweena breathed. She looked smaller than usual. Softer. 

"That felt good," I sighed. Ignoring the mess I'd made, I stood up and stretched. I'd just had the fastest, easiest orgasm of my life. 

My butterfly-penis began to shrivel. I could feel it shifting inside me, like a leaky tampon. If I wanted to, I could remove it easily. 

"How long before it comes back?" I asked.

"Not long," Roweena said. "Drinking water helps."

I downed multiple glasses of water. Then, a few minutes later, I stood in front of the toilet and pissed like a man for the first time. My stream was powerful, and I could point it wherever I wanted. 

I waggled my cock back and forth as I peed, spraying some on the floor. I'll work on my aim later, I thought.

* * * 

Still naked from the waist down, I walked back to the living room. Roweena and Lily were bent over the couch, cleaning my cum with paper towels. 

I eyed them both - especially Lily. She was an attractive woman, I realized, with soft eyes and full lips. She wasn't very curvy, but I remembered how she'd looked a few weeks ago while pregnant, with those big, milky breasts...

I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts. "I feel really different with this thing," I said.

Roweena laughed, standing. "You feel like a straight guy, right?" 

"Yeah, I guess." I looked down at myself. "Do I look any different?"

"Very different," Lily chimed in. Tossing her paper towel aside, she snuck another peek at my butterfly-penis. "It's pretty sexy, actually."

Roweena glanced at her, and I raised an eyebrow. Already, I felt a flutter of arousal. "Sexy, huh?"

"I'm just being honest." Lily's eyes were glued to my dick. Briefly, she licked her lips.

I laughed. "You're thinking about sucking it, aren't you?"

"Don't be gross," Roweena said, frowning.

"I mean..." Lily shrugged. Her cheeks were reddening. "Emily just feels like a hot guy, doesn't she?"

"I know," Roweena replied, "but still, Lily -"

Confidence flooded my body. Assertively, I pointed to the ground at my feet. 

"Lily," I said, "get over here and suck my cock."

Roweena gasped. "Emily!"

To my surprise, Lily took a step towards me. Roweena gasped again. "Lily!" she cried.

"I just wanna try it," Lily said, breathing harder. "This is really hot..."

I smirked and jabbed my finger towards the ground again. Lily sank to her knees in front of me, my green penis almost brushing her face.

Roweena was shaking her head furiously. "You guys can't be serious!" she protested. "Lily, first of all, that stuff will probably knock you out again. You're -"

"I don't care." Brushing her hair back, Lily bent forward and wrapped her lips around my cock. 

I gasped with immediate pleasure, breath shuddering in my throat. Lily's mouth - warm and moist - engulfed my sensitive butterfly-penis. 

Roweena turned away in a huff, but I was too overwhelmed to think about it. "Oh, god," I groaned, "this is unbelievable..."
