 Experiments Ch. 01: Prep the Patient


She lay awake in bed. Clad only in a silken pair of panties and covered by a thin sheet. The drumming of the rain on the window providing a calming yet eerie melody. Staring at the ceiling Stacey contemplated her life, the boyfriends, the girlfriends to, and wondered what had gone wrong, what has caused her to end up in this home. At 19 she was a little old but she had nowhere else to go, and the staff didn’t have the heart to kick her out. As she lay her eyelids grew heavy and she drifted into sleep.

A few moments later the end of the sheet began to move, the ripples on the fabric suggested that an object was moving towards Stacey’s face, crawling between her legs and up her stomach. A questing tentacle emerged from the crest of the sheet, level with her navel. As it drifted upwards it pressed down on her slit, causing her to writhe slowly in her sleep. Moving between the chasm of her cleavage, the tentacle left a glistening trail of mucus, causing her skin to shine and release potent aromas, the scent of pheromones secretly filling her with desire. Reaching her mouth it began to press against her lips, seeming to want to enter her mouth, but in her unconscious state they were sealed shut. To combat this it began to jerk up and down spasmodically, increasing the pressure on her cunt. The juices began to flow and the panties surface became clear, her cunt writhing under it. With the pleasure, Stacey’s mouth opened and a moan escaped her lips. With a strange grace the tube entered her mouth and began crawling down her throat. As her mouth closed her lips shut around the shaft, the tube still moving down, leaving a thin film of mucus on her lips, creating a soft sucking sound as it moved down. When it reached a certain point in her throat it began to pulse and expand, it grew in diameter with every pulse. With a final pulse it grew by about 3 inches and completely filled her throat, jerking her from her dream world.

Stacey dreamed. She was lying half asleep in a luxurious four-poster bed. The wind from an open window filling the room with the smell of… well she couldn’t make it out but it filled her pussy with a hot sensation. On the edge of her peripheral vision she noticed a smooth mahogany door swing open with a barely audible creak, and a tall man enter. As he stalked towards her Stacey noticed her nudity and instinctively tried to cover herself, racing forward the man and his hand past her pussy quickly and pressed his lips against hers in a smothering embrace. To try and escape sh slid off the end of the bed. Reaching down the man rubbed his palm up and down her slit causing her to fall to her knees as the orgasm form his vicious rubbing hit her. The man quickly shoved his dick into her mouth and roughly face fucked her. his hands gripped her chin and ponytail and held her mouth open. With each thrust his dick grew, going even further down her throat, accompanied by a wet squelching noise. Stacey was desperately trying to fight him off but as his constantly growing cock cut off her air supply her efforts became weak and feeble. The mans thrusts quickened and his face contorted as he was close to coming. Stacey could feel his balls contract as they slapped against her chin. With each stroke she could feel herself suffocating, it wouldn’t be soon before she passed out. His thrusts continued to quicken. His dick continued to grow. She continued to run out of air. With a loud scream the man came, flooding her throat with cum, his dick so far down it felt like it would fill her stomach, as his cum evacuated his balls he continued to thrust his now softening dick down her throat. Suddenly he stopped, and began to take his dick out of her mouth. As it came she could feel its every movement as it left her throat. The edge of her vision darkened as unconsciousness raced towards her. The man started to walk backwards as he removed his dick but Stacey was unable to do anything. It finally left her mouth with a spray of cum. The man stood back and looked as his bitch fell onto the floor. As she fell Stacey realised she was unable to take a breath and was soon going to pass out. Her head bounced off the floor and cum oozed out of her mouth and covered the floor until there was a huge puddle and still more came out, the flavour filling her mouth. She blacked out.

As she rose form sleep Stacey could feel the invading force of the tentacle but was unaware of what it was. Thinking she was still dreaming she relaxed and waited for the dick to leave her mouth. However as the tentacle delved further realization dawned and instinctively began to gag to free her throat. Amidst her terrorized throes, welts began to form on the side of the tentacle and new tentacles emerged fro the mother. These new tubes shot sideways around her torso and buried themselves in the mattress, knotting themselves together, so Stacey was now completely immobile. Two more tentacles unwound from the mother stem, these with suction cups on the ends, which fastened themselves onto her nipples and began to exert a steady suction on them. As Stacey was now gasping from panic and pleasure she failed to realise that another limb had manifested between her legs, a tube with a large mouth like opening. The lumen completely covered her slit and another tube exited the middle and proceeded into her cunt. She only realised what was invading her when another cup pressed onto her clit and the entire tentacle began to suck and vibrate, stimulating her in a completely alien way. All the while the interior member continued to probe deeper and deeper until it was pressing against her cervix, where it began to slowly pull in and out of her. She tried to call out, half in pleasure, half in terror but the tube in her throat absorbed the sound. The tentacle insider her continued to jerk, causing her cunt muscles to contract and relax around it. It began to move quicker as her juices lubricated her hole. She came quickly, the suction on the tentacle covering her pussy increased dramatically, draining her of her juices, and all the while the stimulation of her body continued with a restless abandon. 

After another orgasm the mother tentacle began to stiffen, lifting Stacey off the mattress, the hooked tubes coiling around her back until she was in a standing position a foot of the bed. Another tube morphed out of the original and travelled around her back towards her anus. Stacey’s eyes grew wide as in between the waves of ecstasy she could feel its voyage. It stabbed at her cheeks for a while until it found her hole, and with no hesitation it drove into her arse. Pain swept through her as the sphincter muscles in her anus closed tightly around the invader to halt its progress. This tentacle released a different mucus, which caused the muscles holding it to relax and release its hold. Once it was free the tentacle continued its progress, raised areas on its surface increasing the friction as it moved. With both tubes thrusting together she came again. Seeming to sense this the organism increased the force of the thrusts, causing Stacey to jerk in the air as the two dicks met. She was now only semi-conscious, her brain concentrating on processing the pleasure, it seemed to be smothering her, all other senses fell away leaving only a small ball of intense bliss. She came time after time, each orgasm causing the tubes to move faster, harder. With one last waterfall of juices, Stacey was overwhelmed, she passed out.