 Bright light flared outside of her eyelids and a painful drumming was going on inside her head. She slowly opened her eyes, squinting against the pain. Low lights were overhead and her eyes closed against even that brightness. The pain subsided slowly, but it did subside.

Opening her eyes again, she looked around. She noticed that she had no clothing on, and then remembered what had happened to her. But how did she get here, and where in the hell was here? Slowly, she checked her surroundings.

The bunk she was laying in was firm and covered in dark red sheets. The room was a soft red color, easy on the eyes. Against the far bulkhead was a door. A control panel, blinking a blue light, was mounted on the wall beside it. As she watched, the light changed to green and the door irised open.

A large figure stood in the doorway, backlit by the hall's lights. She squinted at the outline, her hand raised in front of her face. The sheet had fallen from her as she slid up and backwards into a sitting position. The sheet slid down off her body, pooling around her lower thighs. She didn't even notice how exposed she had become.

The figure walked in and the door irised closed behind him. Her eyes blinked rapidly with the change of lighting. As he got closer, she could finally make him out.

He was over six foot, broad in the shoulders and wearing body armor over what looked like a skinsuit. His armor was a deep crimson color with splashes of gold on the shoulders and arms. What appeared to be a snarling lion was emblazoned on his left chest. She wasn't able to tell, what with the armor, but he appeared to be fairly well built. 

As he stopped at the edge of her bed, she realized how exposed she was. She lowered her hands down to raise the sheet. When she saw his half-smile, she stopped. "I'll be damned, if I'm going to let some grunt make me ashamed of myself!" she thought.

Looking up into his face, she realized that it was a nice smile and it was reflected in his sparkling hazel eyes. A small beard framed his weathered face. Weathered face? If they were dirt side, she could understand that, but since they were in space, what the hell? It seemed liked the questions were just piling up!

Her eyes locked on his and she felt an electric chill run down her spine. Her nipples rose with the jolt. His smile grew even wider. She felt herself growing wet just from his smile. Her pussy fluttered, letting her know how long she had been without a man, and here was a Man!

"What the hell are you smiling about?" she barked as he moved right up to the bed. This close, she could see that it was a lion on his armor. She couldn't recognize the other designs, but she had an idea of where he might have come from.

After spending eight years on deep space recons, she had plenty of time to study up on different worlds and their cultures. The info came flooding back to her now. Gryphon. A type-3 system. Only one inhabited world. It was a nice world, but its gravity was about twice as heavy as Earths. Its colonists had finally evolved to the gravity and the world had flourished. She remembered how two other star systems had joined together to try to pluck this jewel from its people. After five years, they finally gave up. Their losses had been atrocious. Their star fleet was decimated and they would never pose a threat to anyone else again.

Out of this war, the people of Gryphon had realized that they were extremely good at something. War. So they changed their whole culture around to fit this new philosophy. They produced the best weapons, starships and mercenaries that money could buy. Their services were highly sought after and they didn't come cheap.

The red armor with the lion was what had brought it together for her. She had read that all Gryphonites, when out on contract, used the red armor with gold piping. But even if she was right, what was he doing here, and why was she here too?

He leaned down, placing his arms on either side of her. A soft spice scent filled her nostrils as he leaned down close, and place his mouth next to her ear. His scent was intoxicating and she could feel herself growing wetter.

"Listen closely and don't speak," his voice was soft and deep. "I only have a moment. Just do what ever I tell you to. Don't question it, don't hesitate. Some truly nasty people have picked you up. I've only recently found out how bad they are. They'll be here in a minute. When they get here, they will order me to find out who you are and to make you pay for intruding into their star system. I will try to get you out of here, but I have to find a way. So please, trust me. What's your name?"

After saying this, he straightened up and stepped back. She had a look of puzzlement on her face and she felt dread at his words, but she answered him.

"Maria St. Dominique, Scout for Her Majesty's Survey Service."

She pulled the sheet up to cover her nudity. Her hard nipples made dents through the sheet. He saw this and smiled again. Her temper flared at his smile. She was about to snap at him, but held her tongue.

He had barely stood back when the door irised open. A man and a woman entered. Their uniforms were black with gold striping. Both wore side arms with the flaps of the holsters open. The man was of medium height and his gray hair was cropped close to his head. A hard look was on his face. The woman was a little taller than he was. Her blonde hair was clipped short and her blue eyes were like chips of ice set in a frozen grimace.

The man spoke first. 

"Has the bitch said anything yet?" His voice was hard like gravel and made her feel like nails had just been run down a chalkboard.

"Just her name, Commander." The merc said while still looking in her eyes. She noticed that his hazel eyes had gone hard and menacing.

She bristled and snapped at the older man. "What the fuck should I say? Who the hell are you?"

The Commander bristled and stepped back. Like a flash, the woman with him stepped in, backhanding Dominique. Dominique's head flew back and she could taste blood on her tongue. The sheet flew off of her, revealing everything.

"Speak when you are spoken to bitch!" she snarled. Her voice was as cold as her eyes. As she snapped at Dominique, her gaze traveled up and down the scout's frame. Dominique did not like the look in her eyes. The woman's tongue licked across her lips. She reached out and grabbed Dominique’s nipples, pulling hard and twisting them. 

Dominique grabbed the woman's wrists and screamed. Her back arched and she felt pain shoot through her breasts as her nipples stretched them out. The woman laughed cruelly.

While this was going on, the merc had dropped back into a crouch. His eyes flared and death looked out. 

"Stop!" he shouted. His voice was hard. "What are you hoping to find out? What kind of interrogation is this?"

Pulling out his pistol, the Commander pointed it at him. "Whatever I want it to be! We paid for your services. I thought that included your loyalty!" Sarcasm dripped from his voice. "Get up against the wall. If I see you even twitch, I will shoot you."

A look of disdain crossed the merc's face. "I always knew you were a little prick. God ruined a perfectly good dick when he gave you ears!" he snarled.

The Commander's face went white, then crimson. "She'll pay for your bravado! Lt. Ivanova! Do whatever you want to her!"

Dominique did not like the sound of that. She fought against Ivanova, pushing her hands off of her nipples. The Lt. stepped back and jerked her wrists loose from Dominique's grasp. Dominique fell off balance, part way out of the bunk. Before she could regain her balance, Ivanova grabbed her hair and jerked her head back against the wall. Stars flashed before Dominique's eyes. Her body went limp, as she was effectively stunned. 

Ivanova grabbed Dominique's limp form and spun her sideways on the bunk. Her feet and half off her ass were now off of the bunk. The feel of leather being strapped tight on her wrists started to bring Dominique around. She felt her legs being pulled roughly apart and more leather being tied tight to her ankles. She felt her face flush as she realized her wet pussy was wide open to everyone’s view. Knowing this caused a fresh wave of her love juice to gush onto her outer labia. She heard the Lt. laugh.

"Look at this," the Lt. said, reaching down and spreading Dominique's pussy lips apart. "She's fucking wet! I always heard these Imperials were decadent whores, now I know it's true!"

The merc looked at Dominique. He shook his head slightly at her and mouthed the words, "Relax. Trust me."

Dominique closed her eyes and willed herself to relax. Hell, she thought. How bad could it be? I was just wishing for a little action, and here it is! Who am I to look a gift fuck in the mouth? Dominique opened her eyes and saw the female Lt. stripping off her own clothes. Soon, she was standing nude. Her eyes were glazed with lust and she was panting. Her breasts were small and capped with large pink aureoles. Her nipples were at least an inch long and standing straight out. Her body was smooth and hairless. Love juice glistened on the inside of her thighs as she ran a hand down to her crotch.

Dominique could only watch as Ivanova played with herself. Ivanova leaned back slightly and pulled her labia apart. Dominique's eyes grew wide as she saw Ivanova erect clitoris it was huge! It could have almost been a small penis. It was easily three inches long and almost as wide! Ivanova saw her reaction. Smiling widely, she stroked her clit and moaned loudly. Dominique felt her pussy gush in response to her moans.

Like a flash of lightning, Ivanova leaped up onto the bunk. Her small tits jiggled as she leaned over Dominique. Ivanova's eyes flashed as she leaned down to Dominique’s face. Leaning close to Dominique’s ear, she placed one hand on her soaked pussy. She started stroking Dominique's cunt as she whispered in her ear.

"Just go along with me." her voice was no longer cold, but husky with desire. "We have a plan to get you out of here, but we have to get the Commander to let his guard down. So just enjoy yourself. I know I will!"

Ivanova stuck her tongue out and traced Dominique’s ear and down her neck. Her fingers were stroking Dominique's clit as she did this. Jolts of pleasure shot through Dominique's body each time Ivanova's fingers hit her button. As Ivanova's mouth found one of her nipples and bit down lightly, she felt an orgasm crash through her. Dominique let out a scream and arched her body, thrashing against her bonds. Ivanova thrust two fingers up inside of Dominique, heightening the pleasure. She thrust and thrust, twisting her fingers inside of her. Juice coated her hand as Dominique’s pussy gushed. 

Before Dominique could come down from her orgasm, Ivanova threw her hips across her body, her thighs straddling Dominique's head. 

"Eat me bitch!" she ordered as she gently lowered her dripping snatch to Dominique's mouth. 

Dominique hesitatingly put her tongue out. She could smell the warm fragrant musk coming from the Lt.'s juices. She closed her eyes and buried her tongue deep into Ivanova's pussy. Her hot juices flowed into her mouth. Cinnamon, Dominique thought. She tastes like fucking cinnamon and honey! Dominique's tongue drilled deeper. Her nose flicked across Ivanova's huge clit. 

Ivanova thrust her pussy harder onto Dominique's face, grinding it onto her tongue and lips. Dominique sucked at her pussy and brought her mouth up and around Ivanova's love button. She sucked deeply, her tongue swirling around the sensitive bud, biting gently. Ivanova's hips gyrated around on top of her as an orgasm slammed into the Lt.. Dominique felt love juice gush across her face as Ivanova came hard.

Moans filled the air as Dominique sucked and licked at Ivanova's sodden cunt. When Ivanova placed her own mouth on Dominique's pussy, biting down on her clit, Dominique's scream was buried in Ivanova's cunt. Dominique started to thrash under the Lt.'s body as another orgasm started to break over her. Just as she was cresting, Ivanova plunged a finger up Dominique's asshole. Dominique threw her head back and moaned, cumming hard around Ivanova's mouth and finger. Her body spasmed over and over under Ivanova’s expert touches. Finally, she started to ease down and Ivanova got up off of her.

The merc was backed up against the wall sweat covering his face. His breath was coming hard and fast. The Commander was in worse shape. His gun hand was shaking and he had a very visible erection in his pants. 

His voice was horse and shaky when he spoke out. "Lt.! Come here!"

Ivanova went to him, "Yes sir?"

"Drop my trousers!" he ordered.

"Yes sir!" she replied smartly, hiding from him her expression of distaste.

She undid his belt and snaps, pulling the trousers down. The Commanders gigantic cock sprang out and slapped against her face. It was huge! The monster was easily fifteen inches long and as big as Ivanova's wrist around.

"Get up and bend over!" he ordered again. "Time for my reward!"

Tears filled her eyes as she did what she was told. She bent over and grabbed her calves. Her beautiful ass cheeks were spread open before that monster cock. She closed her eyes as she felt it's head press up against her asshole.

"Take it!" the Commander screamed as he forced the bulbous head past her sphincter ring. There was a loud pop and she screamed horribly as the fist-sized head violated her.

Her scream snapped the merc out of his stupor. He looked at the Commander and saw that the gun was no longer pointed at him, while he tried to force-fuck his Lt.. 

Dominique watched the scene unfolding before her. She saw her new lover being violated in front of her and she saw the merc go into action. He moved like quicksilver. With two strides he was beside the Commander. Reaching out, he snatched the pistol from him and grabbed the Commander's neck.

The officer froze, his dick starting to shrink. Ivanova pulled quickly away from him, his dick popping out from her asshole with a loud sound. Her tears flowed down her cheeks and her body was shaking. She moved over to Dominique and undid her straps. Dominique quickly got up and wrapped her arms around her.

The Commanders breath was wheezing from the force of the merc's grip. His face was starting to turn blotchy and purple.

"Should I finish him?" the merc asked softly.

Ivanova shook her head viciously. "No! He's mine. He's been ass-raping me with that fucking monster for the past three months. Goddam it!" She rose out of Dominique's embrace. 

Ivanova reached down to the floor and pulled up her own gun. "Let him go," she ordered.

The merc let the officer go and stepped back out of the line of fire. The Commander fell to his knees and started retching, his breath coming in sobs.

Ivanova kicked him. "Get up you bastard!"

Rising slowly to his feet, the Commander tried to cover himself. Ivanova kicked him again. 

"You were so fucking proud of it when you were raping me," she snarled savagely. "Don't hide it now! Walk out the door, and I swear if you make one wrong move, I'll blow your fucking brains all over the bulkhead."

The small party moved out of the cabin. Ivanova right behind the Commander, ready to gun him down if he even flinched. The corridor was short and ended at the airlock. The Commander whirled around, almost getting himself killed.

"Sweet God!" he whimpered. "You can't do this. You can't put me out the lock!"

Ivanova smiled evilly. "No sir," her sarcasm as she said 'sir' was thick. “You have one chance. See that spanner on the wall?"

He looked and his eyes went wide. It was as wide around as his dick and covered with little metal nubs. "Ye..yess.." he hissed, the fear evident in his voice.

"If you can shove that up your ass in the next thirty seconds, you can go free." She smiled wickedly. "Go!"

The Commander scrambled into the airlock, the door closing behind him. He grabbed the spanner from the wall and spit on it. He was gibbered loudly as he placed it between his cheeks. His scream was shrill as he tried to ram it up himself.

Outside the airlock, the three looked at the madman. "Fuck this!" Dominique reached out to push the red button on the hatch. "I've seen some weird things in my time, but I sure don't want to see some sick fuck ass-bang himself!" Saying that, she pushed the button.

The outer door opened and sucked the Commander, the spanner still stuck in his ass, out of the lock. The door then cycled closed. Ivanova was sobbing against the merc's shoulder. After a few minutes, she stood up and the merc moved down the hall and disappeared around the corner.

"Well," Dominique said. "I guess that's that. What comes next?"

Her sobs almost stopped, Ivanova sniffed and mumbled, "Let's... let's get out of here. We'll fill you in after... after we clear the system."

They both felt the engines fire off. Together they moved back down the hall. Ivanova rid of her devil and Dominique wondering what the hell was going on.