 In the beaten-down tavern known as the Holy Word, a long struggle of wills at last began to come to a close.

Belkir stood over the kneeling woman. Once, she'd had a name, not that he'd ever bothered to learn it. Now, to him and all, she was just another whore: property of the Chosen Commander. And his entire army, of course.

As she strained to reach his throbbing cock with her plush lips, he gave a wide smirk. Her long golden hair was slick with sweat as, below, the tentacles raged in her pussy. Those were what had reduced her to this mindlessly horny state.

Every woman was just a slut in denial, Belkir knew. He'd always known this, ever since his father's murder fifteen years ago, and the Chosen Commander had only reaffirmed his belief. This particular woman, for instance, had just fifteen minutes ago been a devout spy for the so-called Living Goddess. Just a few minutes with the Chosen Commander had...cured her of that delusion. The Commander had left Belkir to finish the job.

This whore needed to be owned. Taught her place.

He dangled his cock inches from her mouth. "You want this?"

She let out a hoarse moan, but the two soldiers behind her had her arms held fast. Try as she might, she couldn't quite reach. He let out a gleeful giggle. Once he let her wrap her lips around his dick—once he unleashed his seed into her hot body—she would be theirs. The Conversion would be complete. And then he'd really get to work on her. "You want this, you horny little slut?"

From behind him came a feminine voice. "Lust."

Belkir blinked. "Hey, that the pet...suckabus thing?" He started to crane his head to look, but he couldn't resist keeping his eyes on the whore before him. Just seeing how desperate she was...

She looked up at him, lips puckered, as if those few extra millimeters would allow her to reach her prize. No. No, he wouldn't turn around.

The two men holding the woman in place were staring straight ahead, eyes wide. They didn't say a word in answer.

One of the men suddenly collapsed with a moan, clutching at his crotch. Belkir noticed the man's pants were already drenched, and he laughed. "Can't take the show, eh? Well—"

"Lust."

The other guard collapsed with an equally horny cry, and the slut's arms were free. Before Belkir could react, the woman lunged forward. She grabbed his cock and opened her mouth wide—

"Stop!" he cried reflexively. The woman froze in place, lips mere inches away.

Belkir stared at her. What the hell is going on? She stared back up, big brown eyes full of innocence.

Shuddering, he started to turn around.

And stopped.

After a moment, he let out a tortured moan. His head swung back around.

The slut hadn't taken him into her mouth. Instead, she'd started licking him, covering his cock in her slick saliva.

He trembled, struggling to remain upright. He wanted to tell her to stop. He needed to turn and see what was going on. But it just...didn't seem as important. Even when he heard a few men come in and give shouts of alarm...didn't seem...

He let out a sigh, falling to his knees. The slut took the opportunity to double her efforts, pushing him to the ground.

Around him, his men were collapsing as the voice kept speaking. He felt a bit of liquid—was that blood?—spatter onto his shoulder, and still he couldn't do anything. A mid-Conversion was too powerful. This slut was too powerful.

She'd overpowered him, he realized dimly. A dumb slut. A bimbo. Overpowered a man.

"No..." he whimpered. But she just kept licking. He hadn't ordered her to stop, had he?

Yes, said a voice in his head. His eyes widened. The voice was warm and smooth, like hot honey. He felt it pouring into his head. Making him...slow.

He heard a hissing sound from behind, but couldn't get up to look. So he raised his head to look straight 'down'. The slut looked back up at him and waggled her eyebrows. Her tongue lapped up some precum, like a cat lapping up water. He shuddered and looked back up at the ceiling.

She didn't even know she was breaking him. The stupid whore didn't even know what she'd done. He heard her giggling between licks. She probably thought she was doing his bidding—that her man was still in control.

Oh, at least put up a fight, the voice teased. Belkir felt a warm presence coming up from behind, but he still couldn't rise. He shivered as the slut's tongue flitted delicately over his sensitive glans.

"M-m-my...men..."

I was in a hurry. Though if this is all the resistance I can expect... Sharp-nailed fingers danced across Belkir's chest, undoing his shirt buttons. I know I shouldn't, but I just gotta try you. Still so damn horny.

He stared up at the ceiling. The honey voice was laced with lust, and desire, and it was so tempting to just lie there and listen...

The words of the Chosen Commander suddenly rang in his head. Put them in their place.

"No!" he cried. He reached down to grab the slut's head, to force her all the way down—to end this game—

"Stop." The voice was calm, now. Firm. Still a little lusty. And out loud. It could not be disobeyed.

Belkir went still. He felt the fingers gently push him back onto the hardwood floor, and he did not try to rise again.

"Smart boy." The fingers tickled his bare chest as they gracefully peeled off his shirt—just as sticky with sweat as the slut's hair had been, he dimly realized. "You don't exactly want to fight this, do you?"

The slut's tongue ran up, all the way up along his shaft. He couldn't hold in his moan. Amid the squelchings of the tentacles still in her cunt, he heard her moan back. Just the fact that she was giving him pleasure was enough to nearly send her into orgasm.

"It turns you on, doesn't it?" the voice whispered. Two fingers pinched his nipple. "Giving her so much pleasure."

"Uh...what?"

"Oh, yes. Oh, yes." And the voice was so silky, so smooth and full of eroticism, that Belkir found he couldn't argue with it. "You could make her come right now, you know. She'd be absolutely helpless to resist your pleasure."

"Unh..." Belkir shook as the slut below began planting kisses on his shaft head. He could tell from her growing moans that she was approaching orgasm, that she desperately wanted to take him in her mouth, or her cunt, or anywhere. "No...I mean, yeah..."

"Mmm." The voice took on a patronizing tone. "It's so hard to decide, isn't it? You're so horny, and...mm...so desperate..."

Was it Belkir's imagination, or was the voice starting to sound a bit...bothered?

His eyes rolled up into his skull as he felt his whore's supple lips just barely settle on his cock head, her tongue darting out and coating it in a fresh coat of saliva before she pulled off again. All the while, she was gasping, panting. She gripped his legs, hands warm and sticky.

"She wants it so...so, so bad. And you want so bad to give it to her. You want..." The voice got quiet for a moment. When she spoke again, it was almost a whimper. "oh..."

Belkir was shaking. He couldn't hold still. He could tell there was some weakness, some...some chance of escape...

"but so hard..." the voice said hoarsely, "...so hard to think about escape when this feels so—so so sooo good...oh, goddess..."

He began to hear sounds above his head. Sounds he knew well. The sounds of a woman pleasuring herself. His rational mind struggled to interpret this, but it felt like that part of his brain was drowning in pleasure, completely surrendered to the delicious, achingly-sensual voice.

"you've gotta give in," the voice gasped. "you gotta...gotta fill her up, gotta fill her with pleasure...oh, please...please...you wanna serve her, wanna make her scream...her pleasure is your pleasure...her pleasure is your pleasure...his pleasure is your...oh, fuck, I c-can't..."

He felt his mind cracking. Felt the honey pouring in, felt it flooding him, filling him—

Then he heard a familiar voice. The voice of the first soldier who'd collapsed.

"Wha'...what's goin' on?" Emmett. It sounded like the man was just coming out of some sort of stupor.

Another Chosen spoke. Jasper. "That slut...oh, gods, look! She's killed them!"

But Belkir could already feel his will melting—actually feel it bending over like a cheap whore beneath the succubus's overpowering voice. This even though the voice itself was little more than gasps and moans at this point. Serve her. Fuck her. Worship her.

Down below, Belkir's slut parted his legs wide and started licking his balls. She was almost whining at this point. Begging.

"begging for your cock," the succubus above moaned. "beggin for...oh, goddess...beggin for her man..." Her long-nailed fingers wrapped around his left wrist and pulled it up. "finish her...mm!"

And as the succubus's lips wrapped around two of his fingers and began sucking hungrily like they were the best cock in the world, she stopped speaking. The voice went silent. The honey stopped flowing.

Belkir blinked, trying to clear the haze. Something was sucking his balls. Something else was sucking his fingers. He smiled vaguely. It felt nice.

The mouth was yanked abruptly away from his fingers, and his arm fell limply to his side. Belkir stared up at the ceiling, his smile slowly fading. Shoddy woodwork. Rotting badly.

"Sir! Sir Belkir!"

"Get that whore off him!"

Suddenly, the sucking on his balls stopped as well. Belkir frowned. His head was...emptying. The honey was draining.

With a rush, his mind jerked back to wakefulness. He sat upright.

"That slut..." he gasped. "She...she bewitched me." He turned to Jasper, glaring. "I thought that bitch was fucking Converted!"

Jasper and Emmett were 'holding' the succubus.

To be more precise, they were standing next to her and watching her thrust her tail in and out of her vagina like a sped-up battering ram. The bitch had hypnotized herself back into submission. Emmett looked over at Belkir, exasperated. "She...was. She is!" He gestured to the creature, giving a wry grin. "Just look at 'er!"

Belkir did, and despite his anger, he liked what he saw. He raised an eyebrow. "Guess the demon whores need some extra taming."

He swayed slightly. He was still a bit...shaken. But he was also still extremely horny.

He walked over to the succubus and wrenched her tail out of her dripping cunt. She gave a whimper, reaching for it plaintively like a child deprived of its favorite toy.

"You dirty little bitch."

She just moaned, reaching again for the tail. But she didn't try to contest his grip on it.

He gave a cruel smile.

Just then, he heard the other slut whining behind him. A hand feebly touched his ankle.

Belkir looked between his two surviving men. "Jasper. Emmett. We'd best not keep our new whore waiting."

Jasper and Emmett laughed, walking around Belkir. He heard them grab the girl and start dragging her to another room. She didn't resist, of course—just kept moaning. And kept squelching.

He reached over and locked eyes with the succubus. Her feeble attempts for the tail instantly ceased as she looked at his eyes, then at his cock.

"You want this?"

"Ooh." Her head tilted. "Ooh."

He grabbed her by the hair and yanked her back, forcing her on her back. He slowly descended down, looking over his prize hungrily.

Then he plunged in.

~~~~

Anne—or Annui...something?—let out a scream as she was penetrated. Yes. Yes. This was what she'd forgotten.

She smiled vapidly as she heard her master screaming as well. Her...naughty self had ripened him well for her.

"Dirty whore!" she heard Belkir cry. She nodded eagerly as she bucked up against him, easily lifting his entire body with her hips.

He pounded back down on her with his big, wonderful cock, forcing her ass to the cold wooden floor. It didn't hurt, of course, but she gave a little cry anyways to please her master. He leered at her, and she beamed back. She was so lucky to have such a wonderful master.

Even in trying to resist, her naughty self had made her master happy. She would always make her master happy.

She felt her mind drifting back into the soft, moist place, and she eagerly let it all go.

~~~~

Ri watched through the window, her eyes wide.

"Oh, no," she whispered. "And they were so close."

But even succubi could not resist the Conversion.

The albino girl hesitated, adjusting her messy dark hair. She had to help them. She had to do something. Claire was the last friend—well, non-evil acquaintance—Ri had. And Anne...not even something like Anne deserved this. Soon the Chosen Commander would return from the scouting mission with the rest of the troop, and when he did...

She swallowed. Besides, she knew quite well she wouldn't last long in this inn without others to look out for her. Her bones were weaker thanks to her condition, and every time some men had their way with her...

Her jaw set. No. No more.

The albino reached into her pocket, stooping to pick up several stones from the ground. She loaded one into the sling she'd drawn. "No more."

"Oh, I've heard that before."

Ri spun to see four of the village youths. The youngest of them looked barely over eighteen. They all looked a mix of excited and unsure.

The speaker was a scrawny young man with bright red curly hair. He alone looked confident, with a big smirk on his handsome face and a big erection tenting his breeches."Looks like we've found a non-Converted, boys."

Ri took a step back. "N-no." She flashed a smile, trying to look flirtatious. "I'm just a dumb bimbo that just wanna serve! I—I just..."

"Oh, don't worry. You will." The red-haired man stepped forward, quickly closing the distance. Ri felt her back press up against the very window she'd been peering through moments before. "Because as honorable citizens of the Kingdom of the Chosen, it's our solemn duty to...hold you until a Chosen officer is available to have you...taken care of."

He put his hand on her shoulder, squeezing hard, and she cried out from the pain. His smirk widened. He was about to say something else when—

"Hey! What's that here?"

Ri's heart soared with relief as she saw the obese bartender Otyu approaching. The man looked like he'd just gotten back from grocery shopping, as a wooden cart rested behind him. He frowned.

"Back off, fat man," the red-haired man said. "She's un-Converted."

Otyu's eyebrows raised. "The fuck you talkin' about, son?"

In that moment, Ri could tell he'd known.

She could also tell the red-haired man could tell.

"Aah, you're full of it," Otyu snapped. "And there's no touchin' my girls unless you mean to buy somethin'. 'Sides, she's down with a sickness. Whore's dirtier than usual, eh?"

Otyu had always had a soft spot for her, Ri knew. He hadn't ever beat her, which was more than she could say for most of her previous employers. Even before the Chosen had officially taken over, many had not gone easy on cripples and freaks like her.

But the red-haired man just smiled. "I think you'd better back off, fat man."

Otyu looked at him a moment.

The obese innkeeper hit his fists together, snarling, and they exploded into flames. "I think you'd better get the fuck away from my inn."

~~~~

Goblin's Note: And the catchup continuations...er, continue! Thanks for your patience!

Next Up: The fourth and final chapter of Exposed, as Claire's struggles at last come to an end! Demonic wills versus mystical enchantments! Elemental mystics versus random yokels! Ri finally doing something (possibly)!