 Rachel closed and locked the library door, and turned towards the street. Brian was using the car again, though why, she didn't know. He didn't really have any friends to hang with. Her brother, who had aspergers and was finishing his second year of college, didn't know how to make friends. 

She felt really bad, considering that he was such a nice boy and tried so hard, but right now she just felt angry that he took the car again. She was going to have to walk the five miles to the hospital so she could get a ride home with her dad, who was still working.

Sighing, she swung her bag higher on her shoulder and began the walk. The sun was just setting, and the sky was a dark blue already in the east. To the west, orange light shone through the trees of the park near the library. 

Rachel loved living in Minnesota; the trees, the animals, the summer weather, the lakes... "If only there were no mosquitoes.", she thought to herself as she swatted a few away. "Pesky little blood-suckers..."

She walked down the sidewalk. The street was busy during the day, but that was because it was downtown and near the highschool. 

There weren't actually that many buildings around, and there were large, dark alleys between the buildings. If Rachel had been a more cautious, shy girl, she might have been afraid of the alleys, just a little bit. But no, Rachel was a flamboyant, adventure-seeking type of girl. 

It was very important for her to be so. She had to draw attention away from her socially awkward brother... and the fact that she was at least 45 pounds overweight. No one cool in highschool had seemed to care that she was "fat", (especially after she had turned 18; other people seemed to feel that she was equal to them only as an adult) if she acted like she thought she wasn't.

Rachel was thinking about the newest shipment of books the library had just gotten (she was volunteering there over the summer until she finally went off to college) when she heard a movement from the alley-way to her left. Her head turned quickly in that direction. 

She had read enough books and seen enough movies to know that the heroin always got snatched walking alone at night. In fact, she and her best friend Lizzy had just been talking about how they should walk outside at night more often, since that would be the most likely time they would be spirited away by some handsome, fantastical creature. 

Lizzy wanted a sexy werewolf man, but Rachel said she'd take anything, vampire or fairy, male or female, as long as they weren't human (Rachel was bisexual anyway- she wasn't too picky, though she thought sex might be more fun with a guy, due to the difference in genitalia.

In the alley, however, Rachel did not see a fantastical beast- all she saw was a few garbage cans and a rusty fire escape, hidden in shadow. She watched the garbage bags stir in the slight breeze for a few seconds, then shivered with a sudden chill and continued on. 

When she got to the next alley, she heard the noise again. This time, when she looked over, there, at the front of the alley-way, was a tall figure. 

All she saw was a flash of white hair, and strong shoulders before the person closed in on her, raised his fingertips to to eyelids, and said in a deep, smooth voice, "Go to sleep." Her eyelids drooped, suddenly heavy, and everything turned black.

Rachel woke up to a light whisper of "Awaken." Her eyelids fluttered open, but her thick, wavy-curly mixture of dirty blonde hair blocked her sight. 

She tried to raise a hand to move it. but found her both her wrists bound in silk that was wrapped several times around each wrist, securing her arms in an outspread position. She tried moving her feet, but they, too, were bound. In the end, filled with fear, she turned her head to the side and shook it a few times, letting it all fall to the side.

When she could finally see again, she was looking up at dark red cloth, the top of one of those old fashioned beds with the curtains. There were dark red blankets covering her up to her stomach, made of perhaps light cotton. Her clothes, she thought thankfully, were on.

She tiled her head upward and forward as much as she could, and saw a youngish-looking man sitting in a plush golden chair in the corner of the small room that contained the bed. The only other furniture was a bed-stand to her right, a large boudoir on the wall to her left, and two doors out of the room. Only one had a handle.

"This is going to be fun." said the young man. Rachel turned her attention to him again. He had a long, lean body, with toned muscles under a tight black shirt. He wore dark jeans, but Rachel couldn't see his shoes. His face was cold, arrogant, and lustful. His mouth was open in a beautiful, deadly smile, and Rachel didn't know if it was just her imagination, but his canines looked a bit longer and pointier that most. 

His nose was thin but defined, a regal-looking combination, and his eyes- well, those were special. They were a dark crimson, almost glowing in the soft, seductive light of the room that came from a hushed light in the ceiling. His hair was a shock of white, and his eyebrows the same, which complemented his eyes in an eerie yet almost shamefully grand way. 

This man was like something out of a fairytale, and while Rachel was still scared, she also felt... aroused. And exited.

The man stood up and walked to Rachel. He looked at her with his arrogant, lustful eyes and stroked her cheek once, then started playing with her hair.

"What's your name, girl?" he asked forcefully, stopping his hand for a second and looking her straight in the eye. "Rachel" she responded quickly and suddenly, shocking herself. If she had been in this situation at any other time, she would have given a false name, or at least thought about it for a second, but this man's words seemed to pull the answer from her before she could find it herself.

"Rachel..." the man trailed off thoughtfully, playing with her hair again. "Well, the others were certainly right. You do smell exquisite." the man said, almost as if discussing a well-prepared meal, or a fine bottle of wine. "I'm glad I got to you first." he told her, looking back at her face once more."Hold still." he said.

Rachel didn't move as he lowered his face towards hers. I little voice in the back of her head was screaming at her to move, at least a little, but the rest of her was content to stay where she was. There was a slight smile on her face. She didn't know why, but she knew she would be happy, as long as she stayed still.

The young man looked at her face for a few moments. "Not pretty, exactly. If I was being generous, I would say beautiful, being that pretty and beautiful are two different types of attractiveness, but pretty wins pageants... as does a slimmer body."

He tilted her head to one side, exposing her neck to him. He sniffed her neck, breathing in deeply. "Ahhhh..." he said. "Yes, beautiful it is."

Taking a breath like he was about to take a big gulp of water, the man bent further downward and bit Rachel's neck, sucking the blood that welled up immediately.

"Aaah!" Rachel cried out, her body involuntarily convulsing in pain for a moment, before a feeling unlike she had ever known before washed over her. It was pure bliss.

The man drank for a few moments longer and then surfaced for air, gulping in oxygen with a huge smile on his face. "I knew this was going to be good." he said.

The blissful feeling was slowly fading away. "No, no!" Rachel cried, still wanting the feeling, not thinking of anything else. "Don't stop!"

The man looked at her in surprise at first, then with an almost sadistic smile. Rachel partially registered this, but she didn't care what he thought, or what he wanted. She needed the feeling back.

"You want more?" he asked her like a dog owner asks his pet when it begs for treats. Her eyes were wide with wanting, needing, craving, and she nodded desperately. "This is certainly interesting." he said.

"My saliva creates a reaction about 1/3 the strength of an orgasm in humans, but none have ever reacted so wantingly as to ask for more..." Rachel just watched him, silently pleading for more, please, more.

"Well, if you want more..." he said again in the master voice "you're going to have to do more." Rachel nodded quickly, the look on her face saying thank you for this chance, I will do anything.

The man ripped Rachel's shirt open, pulling it off her and exposing her push up bra and stomach. He reached under her and unhooked the clasp of her bra, pulling the ends out from underneath her and lifting it straight off of her, admiring the fleshy, squishy, large mounds beneath.

Throwing the bra to the side, he moved his cold hands to her body while lowering himself on top of her. Rachel shivered in anticipation, her nipples growing hard at the cold feeling of his strong yet smooth hands caressing her, kneading her. She had never felt this before. 

She had been waiting for this for so long- she had always enjoyed sneaking over to the adult section of the public library in highschool, reading what happened on the pages. She never had a boyfriend, and never an opportunity to explore her sexuality more than a few books here and there. This was divine.

After a few minutes of kneading and pinching, the man lowered his head and began running circles around her hardened nipples with his tongue, then suckling at her tits. Rachel's clit began to throb hard, and she could feel herself getting moist.

Her breathing got a bit deeper, and his hands rubbed up and down her smooth, squishy stomach and her surprisingly muscled arms (she had gotten stronger up top from hauling big stacks of books around the library, putting things away after they were checked in).

Finally, after giving each of her tits loving attention, her turned to her flushed and wide-eyed face. He took his shirt off in one swift move and then asked, "Do want it again?"

"Yes!" Rachel gasped out, loosing all control of herself once more, just wanting that thrill again.

The man nodded approvingly, his face softening a bit in an almost sorrowful manner, but there was still lust and desire in his eyes. 

He took a breath and went for her neck again, re-piercing the holes he had already made, which had miraculously begun to heal. Rachel cried and arched her back, her tits wiggling in their freedom as her body contracted in pain, and then she sunk to the bed as the wave of bliss came again, this time a bit more powerful than the last.

Her clit was throbbing out of control, and she was more moist than she had ever been before. She had never masturbated, not really knowing how, and she had never had sex, so even though this wasn't really an orgasm, she felt like this must be what it feels like.

As the wave rolled out, Rachel began squirming, her tits jiggling and her clit out of control. "More!" she yelled, trying to sit up and bring her neck to his fangs, which had become apparent. 

Her brain had half-recognized the man as a vampire when he first bit her, an while she nay have celebrated finally meeting one in some other situation, she was too filling with desire to care at the moment.

The man backed up, for a second, letting her thrash in the constraints while he wiped the blood from his lips with the back of his hand. He waited until she had stopped to say in that derisive, cloying voice "If you want more, you have to do more."

"Anything!" she said quickly. "I'll do anything!" He looked at her with his evil grin and didn't say anything. He simply lowered his hand to her waistline, and undid her belt, and then her jeans. 

He looked her in the eyes, and in his commanding voice said, "Be still." Rachel didn't even think of moving. The man undid the bonds on her ankles and wrists quickly. Then, he slid down her pants, right off her legs, and looked at her panties for a few seconds before ripping those off with a hand.

Her bared pussy made him smile with a sick pleasure. He rose the panties to his nose and took a quick whiff, and then tossed them aside. Starting with one hand up at her clavicle, he trailed it down over her tits, across her body, and down into the curly hair of her pussy awaiting him. 

His cold hand slid easily through her moist lower lips to her clit, and he pinched quick and hard. Rachel jolted, and then attempted to keep still as he flicked, pulled, and circled at her clit, giving her a strange, wonderful sensation that was almost close to the feeling of his bite. 

He looked at her stuggling to lie still, and said, amused, "You can move now." She gratefully let out a sigh and began squirming a bit under his attention.

With his free hand, the man re-tied the binds on her wrists and ankles so that she could squirm without disrupting his rubbing. After rubbing her clit for a while, he slowly brought his mouth down to her pussy and licked her clit with his tongue, causing an even more powerful reaction than before. He began alternating swirling around her clit and nibbling on her folds, making her shiver and jolt.

Just when she thought she couldn't feel anymore moist and aroused, he jammed his tongue inside her hard. She gasped. He did it again and again, pleasuring her with his mouth, making her juices flow quickly. 

Eventually he slowed down, returning to nibbling and licking her clit, this time suckling as well. She was incensed. His hands reached up and began playing with her tits again, making her nipples as hard as diamonds, and her clit was thobbing to burst. 

Finally, she felt a wave like that of his bite coming once more, but she was shaking violently, and she knew this was much more. He seemed to realize she was on the cusp, and without asking, he left her pussy and bit the soft inside of her leg. 

"Ah!" She screamed as the pain rushed her, and then it sent her over the edge. The pleasure of the bite mixed with the pure ecstasy of the orgasm flowed through her, and her body convulsed and throbbed, and she breathed hard as if she were running a marathon. She laughed almost hysterically.This, she thought, THIS, is paradise.

As she drifted back down, she found the vampire looking at her with a mixture of disbelief, intrigue, and lust. Her breathing slowed down enough for her to say, before he even asked, "More, please..." He looked at her with a crooked, mischievous smile. 

"And what will you do for me if I oblige?" he asked her, like a demon bartering for her soul. She supposed that was exactly what he was.

"I offer my life, my blood, my soul, in return for your continued attention." Rachel said unhesitatingly. She was throwing away everything she had ever wanted in the spur of one moment; but it didn't matter. All she wanted now was him.

The man looked unsurprised this time. Rather, he looked delighted. "Then I, William Tulley, accept your offer. Your life is forfeit to me, your blood, your soul, you life is mine to command. From this point forth I shall be known to you as Master, and you will be my eternal slave, kept immortal by my feeding. Do we have an accord?"

Rachel hesitated only a moment before saying "Yes" With that, Master stood up on the bed over her and undid the waistband of his jeans. He pulled them off, and then pulled of his trousers. 

Rachel marveled at his large cock. She knew what a dick looked like, and how big the average penis was- she had gotten curious and looked it up. This, however, was a big cock. 

Already, slightly hard, he lowered himself back on to her torso, and untied her wrist restraints. Knowing what he wanted her to do, she rubbed his cock, gently as first, then harder, making it swell and grow larger and larger. His smile got wider and wider as he watched her work. 

After a time, he put a hand on her wrist and looked at her, signaling with his eyes what he expected her to do next. She had always thought that when the time came to do this, she was get grossed out and refuse. Now, however, she gladly, almost gleefully, kneeled in front of her Master while he stood again, and took his dick in her hands once more. 

Looking at it excitedly, she swirled her tongue around the tip, exiting a little groan from her Master. She smiled at that. At least reading those books had taught her something useful. After teasing him a bit, she put his dick in her mouth and began to suck, teasing it with her teeth as she did so. 

She sucked so hard her cheeks hollowed out, and she played with his balls and stroked them while he moaned in pleasure. His eyes looked down at her naked body lustfully, and he began to move his pelvis forward, pushing his dick further into her mouth. She conceded, and he grabbed her hair as the lust began to posses him fully, ramming his dick down into her, throat fucking her. 

Her teeth hurt in a painfully good way as he claimed her throat as his, and the moistness of her pussy began to seep onto the bedsheets. Her clit throbbed painfully, and she could see in his eyes that he was going to cum soon. 

She wanted it. She wanted him to cum. She didn't know if it was the loss of blood, his saliva, or just her own lust and desire, but she wanted him to cum so badly it almost hurt. He sped up the pelvis, and her throat could almost take no more. 

Finally, he stopped suddenly and tried to pull out of her mouth, but she held him there as he came, his seed flowing through her mouth is the taste of salty desire. He steadied himself on her shoulders his cock becoming limper, his breath heavy.

The hair on his balls was slick and wet with her saliva as she let his manhood out of his mouth, allowing her to swallow his semen. As he recovered, he looked at her wonderingly, with both surprise and ecstasy. 

"I'm glad I got to you first." he said as Rachel began rubbing his cock again. While she had not climaxed in this last round, now that her soul was his, she felt that her own happiness was not as important. While the agreement was that he would continue to give her his attentions, he was her Master, and if she could please him somehow, she would.

"I think it's time we fully consummate our agreement." the Master stated. His dick was becoming hard again, and she was so moist that the bed beneath her was becoming almost slippery. She nodded gratefully, humbly, and lay down upon the bed, face up, spreading her legs apart. "No." he said, "let's start with something a bit more interesting."

He stepped off the bed and pulled her hand, making her stand up next to him. He turned her around to face the bed and bent her over. She knew what would come next. His hard cock came between her legs, and she shivered in delight. 

His cold hands came to her pussy, and, felling around in her moist folds, brought her juiced around toward her asshole. Swirling it around, and then covering his dick with her moistness, he stuck his head into her asshole, and then began thrusting. It hurt her, and she cried out, but he was her Master. 

As the haze of the agreement's magic continued to descend onto her, she began to relish in her pain the fact that he was hurting her, and that she was his and his alone to hurt and torment, to pleasure and punish. As long as he paid her attention, whether it be torture, sex, or his bite, she would be happy.

He rammed his stiff cock into her ass, and she enjoyed the sting, the hurt, and gasps of pain that led to pleasure. After a while of this constant thrusting, he withdrew from her, turned her around, and, lifting her fleshy body with the ease of only the greatest strength, mounted her on his dick in a hard, fast motion. 

Her hymen broke, and she cried soft tears of torment. He shushed her, wiping the tears from her face with a soft hand and smiling lovingly at her, telling her that she was okay, and the pain would pass. 

She stayed mounted as the hurt ebbed away, and she began to feel free again. She jumped off his cock. Lay down on the bed with her legs spread for his pleasure, and let him thrust hard and deep into her, feeling the shock and power of his hips with every movement. 
