 "Remember class, keep this professional!" Silvia chanted to her students in the van. "This is an obscure collection belonging to an old fellow who really belongs to a different time and culture so be respectful! I have never formally met this person only contacting through mail. These works are more *ahem* explicit and exotic. Keep this professional!" 

Gretchen rolled her eyes and looked out the window of the van as they departed for whatever dumb museum she would have to endure. Calvin sat next to her, stinking of pot smoke and scribbling in a little journal that could fit in his pocket. Jennie sat in front of them wearing her short shorts and sneakers as always, no matter the temperature. Beatrice sat right behind her teacher, Silvia, who drove the van. 

As they pulled out of the parking lot on campus, Silvia's thoughts wandered.

I hope the person who runs this museum is there. They told me that they would be present months ago, but never talking by phone and speaking only mail... Anyways, after the extra credit field trip we should return by five this afternoon, that is enough time for me to still have a night out... I wonder if that guy, uh, Tom? will message me back on the dating site. I feel like every guy sees my age and walks away. I worry that my time has passed. Maybe I am meant to be alone. Maybe I am supposed to lead these young people! Silvia thought to herself as she drove, and looking in the mirror, smiled at Beatrice. Her smile wilted as her eyes wandered to Calvin and Gretchen. Those two flunkies always seemed to just scrape by on the minimum.

____

As they drove through the hills in the country, an hour and a half at least from campus.

Professor Silvia Lapin tried to focus on the road, but the heavy winds and rains combined with the lack of light proved too much, and the van collided with a large downed tree branch, sending the van careening into a soft ditch and smashing against another tree.

I hope everyone is uninjured and safe! Silvia thought to herself before impact. Stay professional, Silvia, these are your students.

Calvin rubbed his bruised elbow and looked around at his classmates, Jennie, Beatrice and Gretchen as they all shifted slowly after the rather serious collision. The rain beat on the roof of the van, and random flashes of lightning lit everything they could see. A deep thick forest surrounded them it seemed. They had driven as a class to visit Professor Lapin's colleague in the country. They had a collection of exotic art objects that the professor wished to show to her small class. This field trip was meant to be for extra credit after their exams, so naturally Calvin and Gretchen knew they had to attend the extra credit field trip. Jennie needed the extra credit to help keep her scholarship, and Beatrice always attended anything school related even though she could afford to skip this trip.

Silvia adjusted her horn rimmed glasses and looked out the window at the storm. Today she wore her favorite suit jacket with blouse and pencil skirt. She had worn her dark grey pumps and put her hair in a tight bun. A thin, long necktie capped her outfit. She wanted to look as professional as possible.

"I think we can assume we will arrive late..." Silvia Lapin looked at her cell phone and saw she had no service at all.

The four students all had no service either.

"What are we going to do?" Beatrice asked as she nervously played with her long brown ponytail. She looked for her book at her feet but could not find it.

"Wait for the storm to blow over," Jennie said with a yawn.

"It is getting worse!" Gretchen said from the backseat. 

Calvin opened the sliding door to examine the situation, finding the wheels of the van deep in mud. He shut the door and turned to face his professor and classmates. Out the front window beyond the tree the van had collided with sat a stone wall covered in ivy. They saw it briefly in a flash of lightning before it disappeared in the dark.

"I think that I am going to make a move for that wall and hope a house sits beyond it. Anyone care to join me?" Silvia said as she checked the pins in her bun in anticipation. Her long auburn hair she kept in a bun on her head every day. Silvia liked her long hair but hated having it in her face or over her shoulders.

Calvin checked his pockets and put his cigarettes and lighter inside the plastic bag that also carried his weed in his jacket pocket. He looked at his slip on shoes and wished he had chosen more substantial footwear but looked at Beatrice who wore little high heel sandals. 

"Hey, Teach, will this affect our extra credit?" Gretchen asked. Everyone froze waiting for Silvia to answer.

"The day is not over yet! We will talk about it later if we never get to the museum," Silvia stated, and she could almost hear the groveling.

"Come on everybody... We should find a way to get to safety and shelter!" Beatrice said with a rather shrill tone.

Calvin sighed and prepared himself mentally for he did not know what. He hoped he could smoke a joint wherever he ended his journey. As much as he liked his classmates, he always felt he had to pretend to not care about anything and act like a dumb stoner. He wanted deep down, a girl that he could love and hang out with, who could enjoy his silly poetry and the furniture he made with his uncle. 

Beatrice also wore a dress that left her legs exposed. Beatrice had her dark brown hair pulled in a loose ponytail. Beatrice wished she had worn something thicker than her thin dress. Hunching forward and peering between her legs, Beatrice found her book and sat up, turned in her seat, and she reached over the back of her seat down under the one behind her. This put her ass almost to the roof of the van, and Gretchen laughed as she and Calvin both could see straight up Beatrice's dress to her rather mundane and sort of unsexy white cotton. Beatrice reached the book, grabbed it and held it above as she returned to her seat. She felt at least a small victory, happy in the face of all her anxiety, but the shock of the collision started to wash away and leave only her panic with having to either stay in a van in violent storm or run through the storm. Beatrice felt dread and disappointment with the notion she might not get to where the field trip had planned. She liked her class and liked her professor for her calm, removed attitude about the subject of sex in art. She had worried that the class would be too lewd but she found it rather tasteful.

Jennie, a sandy blond with short wavy hair, wore just a tank top and jean shorts. She liked wearing scant clothing that showed off her thick round butt and perky c-cup breasts. She had chosen not to wear a bra or panties this day and now regretted her fashion sense. She at least had worn her comfortable sneakers that she called her lucky sneakers after she outran a mugger in them on two occasions. She shrugged and knew it could be worse. She started to jitter with anticipation. Jennie felt a little regret with choosing this class, Art and Sex. She found her professor rather boring and hilariously ironic to Jennie, who expected a wild lustful man or woman teaching the class, not a straight laced, librarian looking, prudish bookworm of a woman. Jennie thought it was so funny that every class her teacher would show a rather lewd image then demand everyone "Remain professional!"

Gretchen had worn just her favorite little baby t-shirt and black pleated miniskirt. The sides of her head were shaved and she kept a lick of her light blond hair combed back from the top of head. She had a little ring in her nose and another in her navel. Her pierced nipples pressed prominently at the fabric of her skimpy t-shirt, a shirt she had washed a hundred times too many at this point. It left most of her midriff exposed, and the fabric looked stretched to bursting over her large perky tits. The only thing substantial she did wear were her long stockings and lace up high heel boots. She had piercings and near mohawk hair with pink touches, because as much as she would never admit it, she wanted people to like her and find her hot without just wanting to hurt her. She had a few really bad boyfriends who practically abused her, but now she wore it like armor. The piercings meant to look spiky and sharp, hoping to keep others at bay while she secretly wished someone would shove themselves into her life and love her.

"Ready girls?" Professor Silvia Lapin said, as she loosened her necktie and unlocked the doors one last time.

___________2

The rain felt unseasonably cold, and the wind whipped violently about them as they ran towards the wall. Their shoes sank in the mud, and Calvin lost both his shoes and his socks within four paces off the road.

The girls scrambled behind Silvia Lapin as she trudged along in her high heel pumps. She had worn her pencil skirt and cream blouse with grey jacket. As soon as her heels sank in the mud she knew her outfit would not make it through the day with out getting dirty. The wall suddenly felt like it stood much further away than previously noticed.

Placing a hand against the cold stone, Silvia looked left then right but saw no gate or much of anything in the darkness. She grabbed Calvin and put his hands together to form a step for her climb over him to the top of the wall.

Silvia placed one muddy high heel in Calvin's hands, and he hoisted her above his head until she could see over the wall.

"Over the wall!" Silvia yelled back and tried to swing her leg over the wall, but her skirt interfered. Her hair felt completely soaked and cold to the bone. The rain seemed to pick up and worsen. Silvia cursed to herself and reached down to her skirt with both hands, ripped it up to her hip so she could swing her leg over the wall.

Jennie climbed over Calvin, followed by Beatrice, then Gretchen, and Calvin had to grab hold of Jennie and Silvia to hoist himself to the top of the stone wall. The ivy and clawed at his jeans and jacket. It snagged at Silvia's skirt and Gretchen's as well. Bushes and hedges lay between the wall and the house they saw lingering in the dark. The rain made the short distance seem formidable.

The stones of the wall chilled their exposed skin.

Calvin jumped down from the wall first, landing in mud, slipping and landing on his butt while getting tangled in a thorny bush. Silvia jumped for the bush hoping it would cushion her fall. Jennie jumped down into the mud next to Calvin, splashing it all over him. Beatrice leapt for a hedge and ended upside down, her face in the mud and her legs in hanging out the top of the hedge. Gretchen tried to jump but the vines caught at her skirt and shirt, ripping as she left the wall and causing her to tumble down onto Calvin below her.

Gretchen landed on Calvin's chest with her legs on either side of his shoulders, his face between her legs. In a brief streak of lightning, he could see her skimpy black g-string a few inches from his face. Her skirt had ripped along the side, and her shirt had ripped more of the midriff.

Gretchen tried to climb to her feet but kept slipping in the mud until she did a backwards summersault off Calvin's body. He stood and wiped the mud from his face with his shirt. Jennie stood with them, and they looked around trying to find Beatrice and Silvia. 

Silvia clamored in the hedge, suspended above the ground with her legs over her head while the branches of the bush snagged every bit of her outfit. Jennie reached out for Silvia to help her, and Silvia tried to free herself from the bush. In doing so, the bush ripped the lapel of her jacket, tore completely away her already ripped skirt, leaving professor Silvia Lapin in her jacket, lace bra and panties, her soaked and torn blouse clinging to her body and showing her dark bra under the wet fabric. She felt for her necktie and looked down, and she shrieked when she felt her body and noticed her missing skirt. The rain had soaked her bun to the point that Silvia had to keep flipping her wet hair out of her face and hold her glasses to her face to keep them from flying away in the wind.

Gretchen and Calvin guided Beatrice's legs down to the ground, which tore a huge hole along the side of her dress, then helped pull her from the hedge, but she was similarly entangled. Calvin pulled at her long legs, dragging her feet first from the bush. The bush pulled her dress in the opposite direction as Gretchen and Calvin pulled her until she emerged from the bush with her scant bra and white panties exposed under a very ripped dress. Calvin had never noticed Beatrice's buxom figure until that moment. The wind whipped and pulled at Beatrice's hair and dress, causing her to fumble with both. Her ponytail whipped apart and her hair began to fly wildly around her head. Beatrice tried to pull her hair together with both hands.

Everyone regrouped and joined hands as they trudged through thick foliage and thicker mud. The bushes and hedges made the path forward too difficult. Silvia could see the house some few hundred paces away. It looked like it lay just beyond this massive thorny bush.

Silvia squatted and looked under the hedge and saw that she could crawl under it. Silvia led the way on her hands and knees. The girls and Calvin followed. Beatrice was scared out of her mind while Jennie seemed bored and upset.

Silvia tried to shove herself between a tight passage, and thorns snagged her jacket, tearing away her sleeves. The same thorns ripped at Jennie's tank top and shorts, and ripped at Beatrice's hair. Calvin used the flashlight on his cellphone to dimly light his way, but mostly it gave him a lovely view of Gretchen's ass in her g-string. As he crawled behind her, he saw the string catch on a thorn which threatened to rip her little panties from her body as she moved, but with one finger, he freed her g-string from the thorns. It snapped back against her flesh, and Gretchen muttered a curt 'Thanks' to Calvin.

As Silvia made her way through the stalks and branches and thorns, she could see the end of the hedges when the lightning flashed and illuminated the way. 

"I can see the way. Follow me!" Silvia yelled back, and she continued crawling until she suddenly tumbled forward and down a small muddy slope face first. Silvia slid quickly down the muddy slide, which quickly ripped off her flimsy panties and dumped her face first into a foot of mud.

Jennie crawled through until she fell into the sloping mud slide, and down she tumbled, the mud and branches tearing at her clothes, and she landed on top of Silvia, her tank top torn apart, her shorts reduced to a sorry state.

Beatrice and Gretchen then fell into the slide, followed by Calvin. Beatrice felt the cold mud over her whole body as she slid down the long flat incline to the bottom. As she slid on her butt the mud pulled her underwear wedging it deep in her ass. In the light of a bolt cutting across the sky, she saw Jennie on top of Silvia squirming at the bottom of the incline in a huge puddle of mud.

Gretchen tried to steady herself as she spun in circles down the incline. Calvin shrugged and pushed himself down the incline, sliding through the mud to the bottom. With a splash he stopped and feeling for his mobile, he found his pockets empty, sparing his cigarettes still in his breast pocket. He wiped his face and looked around at the girls as they collected themselves. Most of their clothes were lost somewhere in the bushes or the mudslide. 

Silvia stood with her hands covering her crotch, with her blouse reduced to sleeves and collar, her flimsy lace bra exposed and only half covering her massive breasts. She still somehow still had her high heel pumps.

Jennie had some of her tank top left over her shoulders and chest but not much. She had lost most of her shorts, now only wearing the belt through the belt loops and the pockets of her jean shorts. To Jennie's delight, she still felt her shoes on her feet though covered in mud.

Beatrice still had her bra, at least just the straps but the cups looked mostly ripped away. Her panties consisted of a few pieces of ripped cotton held by the elastic band around her waist. Her pieces of a dress hung from the thin straps on her shoulders. When she tried to wipe her face and peel her hair from her eyes, the wind ripped the last remnants of her dress. Beatrice cowered, shivering and nearly naked.

Gretchen now wore only her tiny g-string, her boots and stockings as well as her various piercings in her ears, nose, tongue, nipples, navel and clit.

__________________________3

They all shivered in the cold rain and wind, and they still had not reached the house.

Silvia could not see much with all mud on her glasses. She turned to Jennie and held her around the waist.

"Jen! My glasses are covered in mud. I cannot see. Find a window or door!" Silvia Lapin yelled to Jennie. 

Silvia grabbed Jennie by the hand, and they all formed a chain holding hands as they moved through the rain to the house.

They trudged along the length of the house. Calvin looked up at the building trying to find a light or an opening.

"This place is pitch black! No one lives here! Let's just break in a window or something!" Gretchen yelled.

Calvin's toes felt numb in the cold mud on his bare feet. He followed Gretchen as she followed Beatrice. They passed a window, and Gretchen found a large rock to smash the window but stopped when Jennie yelled back at her.

"I see a door, follow me!"

Jennie tried the door and turned to face the group with a frown. The door was locked, but a small window lay next to the door. Gretchen smashed the window and unlocked the door.

"No sense waiting out here if no one is inside," Gretchen said, her teeth chattering. Jennie shoved open the door, and they all stumbled inside the large gloomy dark house.

___________________4

Inside they found a rather odd and elaborate house full of objects and framed pictures, wilted dead plants and large pots and vases. 

Calvin slowly reached his plastic bag with his lighter, cigarettes and a few joints still dry. He chuckled and flicked the lighter until he got a small flame. With enough light to barely see, the girls stared at him as he grabbed a candelabra that held three dusty candles. He lit the candles and bathed the room in a dim red orange light. Beatrice felt her gripping anxiety evaporate.

Their eyes adjusted as they quietly shivered and trembled, still cold. Silvia's and Gretchen's makeup ran down her cheeks and face. Calvin and Silvia looked around the room and both caught sight of a fireplace across the room. They descended on it to build a fire.

Beatrice wrung water from her long brown hair. Her bra had ripped away until it only held up her large e-cup breasts in a wonderful display that left her nipples mostly naked. She tried to use her thin arms and tiny hands to cover her nipples, but it only served to offer more to ogle. Jennie watched Beatrice struggle to cover her voluptuous body. Jennie looked at Beatrice's tattered panties that did not cover much. She could see Beatrice's thick patch of pubic hair.

"I like your little bush. It is cute," Jennie said to Beatrice as she pointed to her snatch, trying to lighten the mood.

"My panties! Oh no!" Beatrice cried as she felt the elastic with little bits of her underwear still attached around her waist.

"At least you have any panties at all," Jennie said as she inspected the scant remains of her outfit.

"Here, take mine then," Gretchen said flatly, removing her little g-string and handing it to Jennie. Gretchen now stood completely naked with only her pierced bits and boots. Silvia watched Gretchen slowly remove her tiny underwear, and she felt a slight surge of arousal that she tried to wipe from her mind.

Calvin pulled a few old logs from a dusty, web covered stack in the fireplace and piled them in the fireplace. He made some kindling from a tattered book, ripped the pages out and started the fire in under two minutes.
