 As the countdown began, I knew that I was in for the biggest adventure of my life. The gantries fell off, the rockets fired up, and before I knew it, I was in space, looking down on the world and where I had lived thirty six years of my life. 

The neutrino drive kicked in only then, creating a wormhole envelope by expelling a dense stream of neutrons at either end... a little more than that and the space ship would be lost into oblivion in a proper black hole. The space ship created a space-time warp around itself, and traversed space without actually traveling through it. We were decelerating before I could regain consciousness... and saw the planet that was to be my home for the next three years, all I could see was a clear blue. Exactly like the pictures we had received. 

After a hundred and fifty years of sparse funding, fake alarms, and massive relocations, the SETI project had finally paid off, when it received a seven hundred year old invitation from a technologically and culturally advanced species. Space ships had rushed to their planet, the later ones reaching there earlier than the first few that set out because of the improved technology. The astronauts on the Moby Dick were the eighteenth crew to visit the planet, and contained six individuals from different cultural backgrounds for another in-depth interaction between two species. 

I was one of those astronauts. The water parted as we approached the co-ordinates that we were supposed to land at, and a platform rose to the surface. Base Ellapanadam they called it. As soon as we landed, a bubble formed around us, and we were taken to the magical place of the labqis. 

The creatures that populated this planet were called the labqis... they were a pretty weird species. They were more or less like the mermaids of our myth in form – with the exception of six soft spongy tentacles instead of the tailfin. The first time I saw the labqis, I was stunned... they all were stark naked and all seemed to be of the same gender. Their faces were bright and glowing – each in a different pale color. Their faces were full of sharp features, they had the most inviting smiles on their soft lips, small, delicate pointed ears, and sharp noses. They had small, clever eyes on highly set cheekbones, that smiled more mysteriously and enticingly than their lips. They all had long flowing hair – shimmering in either white or gold, or sometimes both. Small delicate wing-like fins protruded from their shoulder blades. Their fish like lower bodies were soft and velvety instead of being scaly, and they delicately hovered on their tentacles – like the most articulate ballerinas. And their breasts – so human, with small, black nipples. And did I mention – all of them were thoroughly wet?

In the light of what happened later, I have forgotten everything that happened over the next few days – there were meetings of some sort I suppose, where we talked and intermingled and exchanged ideas and philosophies. We learnt a lot from each other I suppose, and there was a grand party after the first month – we introduced them to the idea. The sweetest drinks were served at the party, the hosts apparently had analyzed our taste buds and neural pathways to custom-create the most intoxicating and pleasurable drink for each of us. I remember Aes, a tall, well formed, white haired Labqis always being by my side. I suppose I blacked out for a while. 

I woke up to a soft, wet feeling in my loins. I look down, and I see Aes slowly suckling my dick. I have got a hard on as I have never had before, and her (I prefer to refer to it as a her) hair was falling all over my thighs, moving with a life of their own, gently caressing every point they touched. Her lips were sealed around the base of my penis, and I don't know what she was doing with her tongue, but my member was shuddering in ecstasy as if little jolts of electricity were being passed through it. She suddenly noticed that I was awake, and brought her hand up to my face and silenced me. I stayed silent. 

She opened her mouth wide, managed to take my member along with the balls entirely in her mouth. She nibbled on my balls softly, and let her hair wrap around my dick tightly, constricting the blood flow to it. Then she suddenly let it go, and the hot blood rushed into my penis so hard that I knew I was on the verge of ejaculation. She used both her hands to jerk my member while using the tip of her tongue to pleasure the tip of my penis. I could just imagine cumming all over her beautiful face, and the semen in my body were encouraged. Just when I was about to ejaculate, she withdrew completely.

She just stood there, rubbing her breasts, teasing her nipples, and looking at me right in the eye like shoe owned me. Right then, I felt like she did, I wanted nothing more than for her to continue. But she seemed to be restraining herself, waiting... I don't now for what. Just when I was about to speak, she pounced back on me. She did not want me to ejaculate... not then at least. I understood. I tried my best to hold it in, but it was already bursting to come out. 

Our lips connected... what followed would be the longest deepest kiss I have ever kissed. I kissed like my life depended on it, and it did. The room that we were in, empty except for a few lights and the spongy bed we were on filled with water. I realized that I could breathe through her, and I was concentrating on my breathing, taking short gasping breaths, when I entered her. It was a slit somewhere in her belly, I couldn't notice, was was holding her so tightly, and her hair was falling down my back, caressing my ass, and some had even entered the asshole, roaming about in an anal exploration of their own. Meanwhile, she trashed like a fish caught in a line, with me inside her. My member had never before been subjected to such a thrashing motion, and she showed no sign of stopping. I had this weird feeling of being smothered, so I kissed her even harder, my whole body shuddering in the combined effort. 

Then she showed me something I never thought possible in a Labqi –her fluorescent body lit up in different bands of bright, white light. It took a while for me to feel it, but the light was actually generating heat. My body was alternatively feeling hot and cold at different areas. I was assaulted with feelings... the effort to breathe, with which I was now getting comfortable with, the stimulation my member was receiving, her tentacles and hair groping my entire body, and now the bands of heat, tingling everywhere. 

I concentrated my energies on one thing – I thrust as hard as I could into her, more than anything I would have dared with an earth female. She not only took it, but became even more energized and started alternatively constricting and relaxing her slit.  

Right then, I cummed, and I cummed hard. I cummed right into her, not knowing what would happen because of it. It was red and hot, and I could feel it. She collapsed in an explosion of light all over her body. Both of us were exhausted I suppose, and we just lay there, as the water receded around us, and I started taking short, gasping, normal breaths. 

We did not stop there, I was still within her, and she was still twitching occasionally. She kissed me softly at first, and then more deeply, but slowly. Our lovemaking was now as slow as it was energetic the first time around. I thrust delicately and carefully... she thrusted herself onto me with an equal force. Her tentacles cocooned me tightly, and then the most amazing thing happened. Remember how you squeeze the remaining toothpaste out of the tube? Well her body-cocoon, did the same with me, squeezing me softly from head to toe first, and then back again. The squeezing got increasingly vigorous, and all the time, I was in her. 

I was in heaven, right then. It was all over in one mighty squeeze, I felt my tired penis lose all the energy it had left in another ejaculation. Then I passed out. 

I woke up alone, in a daze, and a very sore penis. The first inter-terrestrial relationship is not a story to be kept to myself.