 by BrettJ © 2013



Katherine Reynolds wandered around her new / old home. She was so in love with the property and now that she had finished every piece of work, even more so. There had been a lot of work to do, Kathy had done most of that herself, with the aid of a few friends and "motivated" professionals, who had either enjoyed "the barter system" or given her generous discounts. Katherine couldn't understand why her new home brought out such sexual appetites in her until the reasons were revealed to her. 

"You had no idea your home used to be rather infamous in this community?" Her friend Maria had laughed. "The couple that lived here were known to be very wild for their time – hell, even for our time!" Maria was a psychic and Katherine had invited her to her home to see if she might sense the energies that came from the late Robert Eames and his lovely wife, Teanna. Katherine shook her head; the property owner had never disclosed that to her. With some, it might have worked against the sale of the property. For Katherine, it would have added even more to the charm of the old mansion. Katherine loved places with a back story and now hers had a great one which she was a part of. She wondered if perhaps she should tell Maria that she was the lover of not one, but two, sensual and desirable spirits? Maria had already told her that there was likely still a vibe in the home, a lingering aura of sexual appetites. Kathy knew that all too well, although she had always been a sexual person in the first place. Still, with the aura projected by Robert and his wife and that lingered in the home, she was a lot more "in the mood" these days, despite being shy one husband.

She was thinking of her husband less and less these days. When Brant inherited all of his money, he became willful, spoiled and selfish. Despite their now having the money to do anything and to go anywhere, he hoarded his money like a miser. Katherine wanted to see the world, while Brant wanted to watch his bank account grow. Finally, after enough time had passed, Katherine decided he could watch it by himself. She filed for divorce and got a terrific young attorney recommended by her friend, Karrie. She found out later that Karrie was sleeping with the much-younger lawyer, but it wouldn't have mattered. He got enough money out of Brant's precious bank account so that she would be able to buy her house outright.

She had taken a semi-leave of absence from the job she loved to work on her new acquisition. She went in Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and a half-day on Saturday. Tuesdays and Thursdays, she did whatever was needed. "Whatever" included moving things about or painting or sanding away old paint so the rich oak banisters could be fully restored. Sensibly, Kathy usually took Saturdays and Sundays off to relax with her friends. She and Karrie had discussed the importance of maintaining a balance. "I know you, babe" Karrie looked at the attractive, redheaded divorcee. "When you get deep into a project, that's all you see. Not this time kiddo, this time you keep one eye on the prize and the other focuses on work and social life." Karrie spoke from experience, she was now in the midst of her own divorce. Luckily, her little fling with the younger Andrew had grown into something real. She now worked for him and was living in his extra apartment. The two of them had instrumental in getting a lot of the grunt work done around the house.

Kathy was so horny, she now had all the time in the world to indulge her carnality and no one was around that she could fuck. Robert had not appeared for a few weeks, nor had Teanna. She still had a month left in her leave and she thought about taking a little jaunt. Somewhere she could have a discreet fling now that her divorce had been finalized. Find some young buck or some little filly – or, why not both? – she could screw blind!

She checked her bank account. Unless she wanted to travel no further than 100 miles, a trip was out until next year. She had poured all of her money into this ostentatious house that was too big for her, as beautiful as it was. She knew she'd make it work in time, for she adored its spaciousness. Perhaps take in a few college kids or open a bed and breakfast. Perhaps she could have friends come over for an adult sleepover, like when she was a kid and ...

The idea rushed into Katherine's head with the force and speed of a freight train. Why not have an adult sleepover, with sexy clothes and guests? There were several of her friends she had not seen for a while she could invite. She knew they would love to participate in something wild and crazy. She also had some work colleagues that she hadn't spent time with in months, so she would invite them. Katherine had lots of room, she could invite anywhere from a dozen to twenty people and she didn't need to spend a lot of money. She could make it a potluck or keep it casual. The house had an amazing wine cellar, so drink wouldn't be a problem. Being a popular woman, the 5'10" beauty had only one problem, who to invite?

Karrie and Andrew, for sure, would be there. If they were going to keep up their little fling, why not give them a naughty weekend. Her boss, Arthur and his secretary, T'Kea had to be invited. Their affair was no longer a secret, even Arthur's wife knew about it. She didn't mind, because the young black woman had an allure that appealed to men and women alike. Kathy knew that the "lunches" Arthur's sensual debutante wife shared with T'Kea were not usually concerned with food. Not too many people spent 3 hours just eating lunch.

Kathy understood that completely. T'Kea had been her first little jump into the pool of woman loving. After that, she wanted to go diving in the deep end. The young black woman was an insatiable partner capable of introducing tremendous orgasms. She was also a wonderful teacher, Kathy still got together with her for "refresher courses".

Her friend MacKenzie needed to be there because MacKenzie wasn't getting along too well with her latest boyfriend. That didn't surprise Kathy in the least, she had never liked Gordon. She found him to be demanding and controlling and wondered why Mack put up with him. Perhaps she could play matchmaker? There were a few in her group she thought McKenzie would get along with and they didn't all happen to be men. Kathy and Mack had swung together on a number of occasions. The busty blonde Mack and naughty Kathy clicked on several levels, a few of those happened to be sexual. Mack had been terrified of Katherine's lesbian advances at first. It didn't take long for her to succumb. The wonderful home gave off that vibe again. Kathy truly was beginning to believe that there was something about her place that allowed people to succumb to their innermost desires. Mack had been suppressing her urge to make love to Kathy for several years. Kathy was also able to convince Mack how beautiful she was and to bring out hidden allure. Now all she had to do was find someone for Mack that would fuck her into the bedsprings.

When she and MacKenzie made love, it was soft and gentle. Mack needed that in her life because people had not always treated her well. Kathy also sensed that Mack needed a bit of wild and crazy and then she knew who could provide it. Certainly not idiot Gordon. There was a young fellow at work, a new guy and he had something about him she thought Mack would like. Kathy herself had considered fucking him herself. It no longer mattered that he was ten years her junior. Terry was a good looking, sandy haired stud who she was sure possessed a nice cock. That was all the horny redhead required. She was more than willing to let Mack have him first. She knew eventually, her lover would be willing to share.

Kathy got on the phone and started making arrangements. One of the friends she invited was a caterer. Deborah insisted on providing all of the food. "If I know you, and I do, I'll probably meet some gorgeous guy or girl and end up having a wild old time," the lanky brunette purred. "This will be my way of saying thanks!" Katherine checked the wine cellar and there was more than enough there for everyone to get well lubricated. She went upstairs and decided some new lingerie was needed. She had enough in her bank account for that and if she needed to, she could put some on her credit card. This was to be a special occasion.

By the end of her excursion, there was another party guest. The beautiful young clerk at the lingerie boutique had turned Kathy on from the minute that she walked in the door. She couldn't have been nicer or more gracious and Kathy felt it. Her inner naughty girl wanted to play. She flirted with the girl. The girl, whose name was Stephanie, flirted right back. She is a bold little twat, Kathy giggled to herself. Fresh out of high school, the eighteen year old was taking a year off to earn money for university. Before she left the store, she had pressed her lips to Stephanie's and hand-written an invitation to the party. Stephanie's dark brown eyes went wide and she nodded before she kissed Kathy back and promised to be there.

The night of her soiree, the girls outnumbered the boys, but that was fine with Katherine. Stephanie didn't leave her side and Katherine thrilled at the prospect of having sex with someone this young and adorable. MacKenzie hadn't even asked about inviting her boyfriend, which Kathy took as a good sign. Arthur and T'Kea were engaged in an animated conversation with Karrie and Andrew, while a few of Katherine's other guests were drinking and laughing. If she had been inclined to do so, Katherine could have organized an orgy right there and then. She wasn't quite ready for that. She didn't know her friends well enough yet to know all of them would be on the same page. Perhaps this naughty weekend could serve as a dry run for future decadence?

"Boy, those two really don't like each other," adorable little Stephanie giggled as she watched Terry and MacKenzie engaged in a heated argument. Kathy held the tiny girl close, thrilling at the prospect of seeing her naked. She had been the boldest of the group, arriving at the gathering in a long coat under which she wore nothing but a teddy and high, black stilettos. Kathy had let the girl have alcohol, even though she legally wasn't allowed. More than a few rules would be broken tonight.

"Isn't that funny, that's not how I see it at all," Kathy smiled and kissed Stephanie's cute, little pug nose. She watched the two volley back and forth and knew that you didn't argue that passionately with someone you weren't interested in. There were real sparks flying between the incredible blonde and the younger man. For the first time in years, Mack had met her match. Terry was a strong-willed man who was not going to back down, yet he was listening to Mack and not belittling her opinions as Gordon always did.

It was a bit after midnight when everyone hustled off to bed. Arthur and T'Kea were the first to leave the grouping, followed quickly by Karrie and Andrew. Katherine wondered just what might be going on there. Everyone went upstairs a while later and Stephanie was almost on Kathy's tail, she was so close.

Stephanie proved to be a lot more experienced than her youth would indicate. In the months that her sexuality had emerged, Katherine had loved her experiences with women. All had been noteworthy and brought her desires to the forefront. Yet the adorable little cupcake that was youthful Stephie seemed to be in a class all by herself.

"I almost dragged you into the storeroom at the shop," Stephanie sighed as she got on Kathy's large, four poster bed. "You're so incredibly sexy, you're even sexier here. I don't know why. I love this house and this room. I can't wait to have sex with you, honestly Kathy, I just can't! I love everything, so don't be afraid to get naughty!"

The Kathy of her former life might have been intimidated by someone so young and so obviously perverted, but that Kathy no longer existed. The Katherine / Kathy of the here and now was the kind of woman who could appreciate someone with such vivacity and such a spirit of adventure. She let her slinky gown drop to the floor and enjoyed the dreamy expression on Stephanie's face when she saw her naked for the first time.

"Oh wow," the girl gasped. "You're even hotter with nothing on." It was true. Kathy had wanted to be ready for any action that might have happened, so she had gone sans underwear for the party. Only her glorious, naked body was under the gown and Stephanie was seeing it on full display.

"Oh fuck, get over here and let me eat your pussy," the teen girl cried out. Katherine was only too happy to oblige her. Straddling the girl's eager face, she let out a cry as Stephanie's tongue parted the walls of her cunt. There was no way in hell this was the young woman's first time loving a girl because every actions showed Katherine how much skill she had. Kathy was almost having a seizure, her body was shaking that much as the pretty youngster loved her up. Her sexual energies high, she could feel the presence of her otherworldly lovers. Was she really imagining it or were they watching her from somewhere afar? Knowing those two, she believed the latter.

Katherine listened for other sounds in the night and she was sure that she could hear activity in the other rooms. The walls in her old house were thicker, they built them right in those days. She would worry about that later. She dropped her body over and now she and her little playmate were in a sixty-nine. Every time she made it with a girl, the sexy redhead wondered how she could have gone so long without bedding women. She thrilled to their touch each and every time, a woman knew just how to make you cum and were most often tireless in their efforts. Stephie sure as hell was! What a fucking wonderful little teen bitch she was!

Katherine had heard Stephanie's earlier words and wondered just how daring she might be. She had been out just the previous week and bought her first sex toys! She now owned a strap-on that she had been thinking about using on one of her girlfriends, like T'Kea or Mack. Now she thought it might be thrilling to watch the pretty teen riding the fake rubber cock. The lurid cock spurred Kathy into further action and she licked the girl's trimmed snatch until she brought the girl to orgasm. Her own climax came mere seconds later.

"Do you want to keep playing?" She asked Stephanie, knowing what the answer would be before the girl even gave it.

"Uh-HUH!" The petite beauty enthused. "I'm so glad you invited me, your friends are all so sexy!"

"They'll be your friends too, sweetheart," Kathy said as she cuddled little Stephanie close. That she knew to be true, there wasn't one of them who wouldn't fuck the young girl if given half the chance. Over time, Katherine intended to see they all got the chance.

"Have you ever been fucked with a strap-on?" Kathy asked as she removed it from her bureau drawer. Stephie's brown eyes went wide when she saw the black, thick, large rubber cock but her face was smiling.

"No, but I wanna be!" She grinned. "Fuck, he's bigger than my last boyfriend was! Do it Kathy, fuck me with that gorgeous fake black cock!"

Kathy desperately wanted to. The energies present in her room were making her more sexually charged. Robert and Teanna were with them, she could sense it. Knowing that, she strapped the cock on. Her little charge got on all fours and Kathy vigorously fucked her with the toy. She had never used one before and wondered how she had gotten this much skill. Stephanie was groaning and whimpering, but she was taking it all like the good little fuckslut she was. Kathy decided that she had to keep this girl around. Perhaps as a kind-of personal sex toy. It seemed to be something that Stephie would be up for. She was eager for everything!

"God, so fucking dirty and nasty, I love it, fuck my pussy, fuck the pussy, fuck my CUNT!" Stephanie screamed out as she fucked back against the toy. Oh yes, Katherine knew that keeping this girl around would be a truly wonderful idea. She would keep Katherine well supplied with sexual heat.

She made the little girl cum and then Stephanie rode the cock to yet another orgasm while Kathy lay on her back. She loved playing with Stephie's perfect tits and fondling them, cupping them, feeling their weight in her hands. Stephie cooed and moaned and it didn't seem to Kathy as if she ever stopped cumming. When she finally did, she barely caught her breath before she was on Katherine another time to bring her to climax.

It took her a while, but Katherine was able to exhaust the younger girl and she snuggled in for sleep. Katherine herself wasn't tired, not anymore. She was fully charged and wondered if someone else might be up for a fuck. She could still hear moans and whispers and the squeaking of bedsprings. If no one wanted to fuck, and she doubted that would be the case, she could always go downstairs and have some cake and a cup of coffee to recharge her batteries. The food Deborah had prepared was some of the best Kathy had ever eaten. Had she given in to her inner foodie and eaten all she liked, she might well have burst out of her sexy dress.

As she walked down the hall, Kathy heard the unmistakable sounds of two people really going at it. She felt an inner glow and hoped it was who she thought it was. It sure sounded right to her ears. She made her way down the hall to where she knew the noises were coming from. Kathy opened the door just enough so that she could peek in, hoping the door wouldn't creak and give her away. That night, it was on her side and remained silent.

She watched as handsome young Terry fucked MacKenzie from behind. He was pulling her long, blonde hair and spanking her ass. Far from the gentle loving she experienced with Kathy, but Mack sure as hell didn't seem to be objecting. "Fuck me, fuck me like a slut, you hard-dicked fucker," Mack cried out. Kathy was already horny again from watching them.

"I am, I'm fucking the shit out of you, you blonde-haired whore!" Terry snarled back. He sure seemed to know what he was doing for such a young man. Kathy promised herself that she would sample those wares as soon as she could. The new Katherine was a total slut, but she loved it!

"Harder, you fucker, fuck my cunt harder!" Mack groaned as she thrust herself back against Terry's incredible cock. Kathy was able to get a nice view of it as the moonlight streamed in the room and illuminated it. Young Terry was hung rather nicely and had the kind of cock a slut liked, thick and long. Oh yes, Kathy was going to have that inside of her as soon as possible!

MacKenzie was really making the young stud work for it, which made Katherine happy for her friend. Mack had been needing some relief for quite some time and Gordon certainly hadn't been cutting it in that department. Now Katherine was pretty sure that Gordon would be consigned to the junk heap. From the frenetic fucking that Kathy saw going on in front of her, there was no way Mack would let this young stud get away, although Kathy was going to take him as a loaner.

She watched the couple rutting like animals and her fingers flew in and out of her own cunt. Kathy loved watching people have sex, it was now a part of her life. All matters sexual turned Kathy on now, perhaps Maria had been right. Maybe something was still lingering within the walls of the old manse or perhaps, it was just Kathy herself, wanting and needing to be a more sexualized person. Whatever the answer, when she saw MacKenzie swallow Terry's load, she wished that she could be in there with them. The next time, she promised herself that she would be.

Perhaps she would bring yummy young Stephie along with her and make it a foursome? MacKenzie had only been with her so far, she bet her older friend and the little blonde would look so hot together. It sure would turn Kathy on and she would have someone to watch while she banged the shit out of Terry.
