 Frank had no idea what he was doing as he headed to the building. He had signed up for an experiment on the effects of environmental stress on the human body. He had heard strange things about what went on and as a lonely detective he had decided to check it out for himself. He was directed to an empty room and was told that the computer would guide him. He walked over to the screen and touched it. It lit up and after asking for his personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description that he was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on his body. He was skeptical as he clicked the understand button and it went on to inform him that she would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes he would have to be unclothed. 

Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' He grew more suspicious and curious as he removed his clothes and clicked agree. The screen told him that the exit door would lead him to the options room and from there he would choose the environment he wanted to experience. It also informed him that his clothing would be on other side and then he would be required to fill out a short survey about his experience. There were also safeguards and he would never be in any danger. 

Frank walked over and went through the exit and saw a wide range of doors before him. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. He mentally counted the doors, 26, which made sense as he began reading the doors. There were in alphabetically order with one option for each letter of the alphabet. When he reached F: Futuristic he was intrigued and touched the door. The neutral computer generated voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

He stepped into the room watching the door slide closed behind him, blending into a sterile wall. The whole room seemed sterile, empty except for machinery. The air was refreshing and the temperature was ideal. He couldn't see the other door and he slowly made his way through what seemed to be a futuristic house. The kitchen was state of the art, the bathroom a masterpiece of technology and artistry. He found a set of stairs and has he had found no other way out he ventured upstairs. So far it had been comfortable but silent. 

Frank had wondered if the house was voice activated as he walked into what was a bedroom. He laid down on the bed, testing out the firmness of the mattress. It was ideal, just like everything else. Something was missing, but he was unable to decide what. He got up and noticed the closet. He thought it might be the way out as he opened the doors. 

Frank blinked, the only thing in the closet was a pale almost porcelain skinned woman. She didn't appear to be breathing and he wondered what she was. His hand ran along her torso, her flesh seemed a little cool to his touch as he cupped her firm breasts. He was surprised when he heard a feminine voice, "Do you wish to play?" 

He looked around and then realized it was the thing in front of him. She seemed like a woman but there was something slightly unreal about her. "Tell me about this place," he asked.

"Of course, this is a futuristic cybernetically enhanced living unit."

"And you are?" he asked.

"FRAN," she said it as if it was an acronym.

"Does that stand for something?" he asked, wondering once again what he had gotten into.

"Of course, Fully Real Android Nymph."

An android nymph? he thought, the next thing she would tell him is that she wanted to have sex. "What does that mean?" he asked feeling as if this place only got weirder.

"It means I have additional programming beyond that of an RA, and I have a more realistic body and response commands."

It was still jargon to him and he wanted to get to the bottom of this. "What kind of programming?"

She smiled, "I have been programmed to be able to fulfill your physical needs."

He realized he was still playing with her breasts and noticed her skin seemed warmer and the pink nipples had formed into hard buds. "Do you have any physical needs?" He asked wondering how something like this existed and hadn't been all over the news.

"I can be set to run on any fluid," Fran nearly lost her composure as he played with her nipples.

"Do you feel pain?"

"My interpretation of sensations is built on my programming, if you wish I can alter it so that certain sensations are painful."

"No," he quickly said. She was in many ways perfectly suited to him, honest, beautiful, and more interesting than any real woman he had met.

"Do you wish to copulate?" Fran had read the script carefully and had made sure to incorporate formal words when possible. She had always been told she had a computer like voice but when this opportunity came up she felt she had to take it. They had even provided an acronym for her name that made sense. It had helped her settle in her role as she had waited to see if he would find her.

"Do you know the way out of here?" he avoided her question as he pulled his hands back. 

"Yes," she felt rejected at the question and tried to answer it calmly.

She had answered his question but she sounded as if she didn't want to tell him the way out. He took a deep breath and then realized that he could smell her, just like a real person and when he looked down he noticed his cock had responded even if his brain hadn't.

Fran saw how he looked down at his body and she let her gaze drift. She was stunned, it wasn't even completely hard yet and already it was that big? "You shouldn't leave looking like that," her voice shook a little as she spoke.

He thought he detected a tremor in his voice but decided he was imagining the reaction. She did seem real, he gave her creator that much, with bright blue eyes and glossy golden hair. "I don't suppose you have any thoughts?" that was assuming machines thought.

"Fellatio would be the fastest way," Fran recalled thinking how Italian the word sounded when she read it, but it certainly rolled off the tongue. She inwardly laughed at the thought.

"I suppose you are programmed for that?" he asked feeling stupid for asking as if she were a real person and not just a machine.

"Of course," Fran slowly knelt in front of him. 

She was licking the tip of his cock before he could object and he closed his eyes, imagining she were a real woman. She was certainly good, almost too good as he felt himself cum, with little actual relief. It had felt unnaturally good and he found himself thanking her as he asked her where the exit was.

"It is behind me," she softly stated licking her lips, trying to look seductive. She was hopeless, even as a sex machine she couldn't seduce a man.

"Thanks," he murmured as he brushed by her feeling her body as the door opened.

The door slide shut behind him before he could ask if she had really been a robot and he listened as the neutral voice announced, "Thank you for your participation. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

He slowly put his clothing on, recalling how real her mouth had felt. She had certainly been a special machine and he wondered if she were being tested as he had been. Frank walked over to the screen and tapped the next button. 

'Did you enjoy the experience?' scrolled onto the screen. There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' He selected, 'Unsure.'

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. He looked at question for a while and finally tapped maybe.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for him to type his response. Frank thought about it and decided the best thing had been FRAN, and he typed FRAN in.

"I see that you are unsure about your experience, and that you encountered the environmental inhabitant. If you would like to talk with her, she can be brought in. She was also ambivalent about the experience."

Frank was confused, the computer spoke as if FRAN were a real woman. "Sure," he said out loud even as he was very unsure of what was going on.

He watched at the door slide open and FRAN entered, wearing clothing, and he realized she was breathing. He had figured it was part of her programming earlier and was confused as she shyly approached him.

"My name is actually Fran, but I'm not an Android Nymph." She allowed a flush to creep into her face as she looked at him.

He took her hand and said in an incredulous tone, "Frank, Frank Felding." He was startled as he fumbled with his name and he raised her hand and kissed it. He noticed her shy response and was very aware of her body. "I'm sorry about what happened in there," he finally stammered. He felt like a complete idiot as he let go of her hand.

"Don't be, after all I was the one to suggest," she blushed unable to complete her sentence.

"True, but I started it by touching you." The words seemed more formal now, and he wondered what she was thinking. After all she had seen all of him and not been frightened, in fact she had done an admirable job sucking. He felt as if he had demeaned her.

"It was my fantasy," she whispered feeling more uncomfortable by the minute, now that the austere appearance of being an android was peeled away.

"Fantasy?" somehow they were only a few inches apart as he breathed the word.

"I have a very robotic voice, and I thought if I could just be a robot then I could enjoy sex." The last word was barely uttered.

His head was threatening to explode from the explanation and he gently lifted her chin. "Real men don't want a robot in bed." After murmuring the words his lips descended to kiss her.

She saw it coming and she welcomed it, as their lips met. She conformed to his body as his tongue caressed her lips. She opened her mouth to his searching tongue, feeling his large hand pull her to him. 

He finally pulled away, his body tingling, he had never felt this way before. His stomach growled and they both laughed. "How about we start with dinner and maybe some dancing?" He watched her nod and he was glad he had decided to click agree as they walked out, holding hands, and softly talking to each other.