 Generally, it was just before a session that Fadia wished she'd never taken this work. It sounded good on paper, but the reality sometimes left her dissipated and forlorn.

For several years, she was the initiator on Tristo Island. That wasn't it's real name, of course; originally, it was called something in Spanish much more beautiful in that language when spoken aloud. It became Tristo when it was established as an independent republic and banking center in the Caribbean. Then came the broadcasts.

Every week, for several days, international television coverage from Tristo Island featured live gladitorial contests. Men, and sometimes women, fought to the death it what had become the most-watched program in the world. Advertising revenue during the games was astronomical. Even still, the figurehead Governor-General of the island was paid chickenfeed compared to what Fadia earned, such was the importance of her work.

Fadia readied girls as sexual prizes for winning gladiators, those competitors who'd killed their opponents by gun, blade, whip. Any weapon would do. Once, a contest even featured men with one hand tied behind their backs battling to the death with kitchen brooms. 

But by far the most popular match was bare-hand combat. And in that, Duro was the best. He was famed - 12 fights already - for pinning his opponent in a wrestling hold, then slowly pushing an arm down the unfortunate competitor's throat, strangling him from the inside.

Live crowds at ringside became hysterical with delight at that.

Duro got the best women to enjoy as his prize. This, too, was televised, and hungrily watched during the dinner-hour. These bloodsports were illegal everywhere but Tristo, although the United Nations had long allowed global broadcasts of the gory thrillers. Weekly, each day of the games would become more blood-drenched, the sex more perverse, until finally, Sunday night in primetime, the main match would take place in a fever-pitch of excitement.

It was packaged and sold as family entertainment; in these dire financial times, anything to keep hearth and home together was welcome.

Fadia checked her watch. Time was at hand. She worried about the poor girl fed to Duro; she wondered if he would tear something loose this time, such was the enormity of his dick.

She pushed back her hair and tried to shake off her doldrums. Then her two attendants brought in the girl. She was willowy, a fragile beauty just at the cusp of adolescence into adulthood. Fadia could see she tried to look brave as the two women gently guided her to Fadia's too-ornate chair.

Fadia rose and took the girl's chin in her hands. The girl looked at her with eyes like pools of still water. With fingers just under her jawbone, Fadia could feel her slight tremble.

"What is your name, child."

"Can't we just do this?"

One of the attendants loudly shushed her and gripped her bare arm more tightly. The girl gave a little start and pulled away. Fadia waited a moment; this was routine. She reached out to the girl's shoulders and pulled her close.

"This will be a lot easier if you trust us. We'll get you ready. It's not like you're going to die." She smiled gently, peering into the girl's eyes. "No one will ever see this part."

That last part was a lie. The executive banking council had exclusive viewer's rights to the initiations. From what Fadia heard, it was the only time during session when all members were present.

Fadia ran her eyes up and down the girl. She was dressed in the simple white skirt, blouse and cap of the Women's Naval Duty Service, one of the ad hoc "defense" forces for the island. Each prize had to join this organization, and her service was written off in the line of duty. Always well-compensated, some stayed on to become initiators themselves, as Fadia had done.

The girl looked at Fadia. "Sue. For... Susan"

Fadia nodded. "And you're from Michigan..."

"Kansas," Sue corrected her.

"Heartland," Fadia said simply. The girl smiled a little, her lips only slightly pink from blush applied hours ago. Gently rubbing Sue's neck just under her jawline, at her ears, Fadia leaned forward very slowly and planted a kiss on the girl's forehead. The attendants began running their hands up and down Sue's tawny arms, left bare by the short sleeves of the uniform blouse. Occasionally, a fingertip lolled to circle in the hollow of an elbow, and the girl started in nervous arousal.

Fadia reached back to the small table beside her gauche chair and retrieved the glass of absynthe. One of the attendants placed a hash pipe in the girl's mouth and the other woman put a lighter to the bowl. The girl tried to inhale with worldly aplomb, but choked on the strong tar of the smoke. Quickly, Fadia put the glass to her lips, and, holding the back of Sue's head, paused to allow the coughing to stop before pouring some of the liquid down her throat.

The girl gasped and twisted away her head as she involuntarily swallowed with more strangling. Fadia stepped back. The girl's eyes flashed a moment in anger and the attendants moved closer to hold her in viselock. Sue's body bowed out and she strained to break free, then her body slowly went rigid and she looked at Fadia in desperate fear. Fadia moved closer.

"What are you doing here, Sue?"

The girl's eyes welled with tears. Her taut body shook, and then gave way. She seemed to sink within.

"My family lost everything in the last crash. Their pensions were wiped out in the federal fraud. I... I..."

Again cupping her chin gently, Fadia said, "You're here because you have to be."

The girl nodded. 

"You can still back out. Once we begin, we finish. But right now, you can stop."

"And leave with nothing..." Sue said simply, then shook her head. The older woman felt a tinge of maternal affection as she noted the girl's jaw set, almost imperceptably, in decision.

Fadia leaned forward and kissed her, very tenderly, on the lips. The girl was vibrating in fear. Fadia kept her lips on Sue's, letting the warmth of her skin pass to the girl. Gradually, all the tension ran out of the girl's flesh and her mouth became soft and warmer. She sighed a little through her nose, and her body shook in relief as scared rigidity bled from her.

Moving closer, Fadia pushed her body against the girl, continuing the warm kiss. She felt the girl's trembling nervousness begin to slow in oscillation, the vibration becoming occasional spasms. As they closed, Fadia allowed her nipples to rake across Sue's, and even through fabric of their clothes separated them, each felt a bolt of excitement shoot through their bodies.

Fadia was surprised at how aroused this fragile fawn was making her.

The attendants raised the girl's arms and began kissing the length of them, gradually becoming heated themselves at the flavor of Sue's smooth skin. They would allow their tongues to lick deeply behind her elbows, where they'd earlier found tender spots, and Sue quivered again.

Fadia moved very slowly; she didn't want to alarm Sue by moving too quickly to an obvious erogenous zone. She put her hand on the girl's hip, slowly moved to the edge of a buttock, then up to her waist. The drug was having its effect on the girl, and she began to move her body in sinc with Fadia's touch. The older woman ran her fingers along the top of the girl's skirt to the front, and let her thumb find an opening between the blouse's buttons. The girl gasped and jerked softly as the tip of Fadia's thumb circled a few times on bare skin in the small of her stomach.

Taking the girl's reaction as invitation, Fadia popped open a button on the blouse and widened the circle. She pulled away from the kiss, and, holding the girl's blouse open, planted her lips on the girl's flesh, just below the breast bone. Gradually, as the attendants began increasing suction in the crooks of Sue's arms, Fadia began sucking her stomach flesh deep into her mouth. Sue moaned as the hungry mouths clamped on her.

Finally, Fadia released her lips and began covering the area with warm, fat licks. Her attendants began kissing and licking up the meat of the girl's upper arms. Fadia again kissed the girl deeply on the mouth, her fingers releasing the rest of the blouse buttons. She stood back and looked at the girl; a moment of panic passed through Sue's eyes as she realized she was now being stripped of her clothes. Fadia reached forward and popped the fastening on Sue's bra and its elastic snapped it out of sight. The girl had just begun to gasp in alarm when Fadia then undid the buttons at the sides of her skirt and slid it down low on her hips as the girl writhed in more excitement than panic. When half Sue's pubic patch was showing, the older woman ran her fingertip along the girl's lower belly, emphasizing the degree of her exposure, to which the girl let out a small squeal of surprise.

The attendants pulled Sue back a few feet to a menacing elephant's tusk mounted upright in the floor. They pushed the girl onto it until she lay the length of the ivory, her body arched in surrender. A naked strip of the girl ran from her throat to her vagina. Her excited breathing pulsated her body, measured by uncontrollable pitching, up and down, of the vulnerable bowl of her navel, narrowing to close-up.

Fadia looked up at the camera, occluded in the ceiling, drinking in everything.

---

The studio technicians had this part down to a science. A slow fade out, then opening on something nondescript, a ceiling fan. A chair leg. Then electronic music in slashes, almost static. The camera would open on the pit of an apple stem, its recess in darkness. Then fade to a button punched into the leather of stuffed furniture. It would be here that gasps and low moans could be heard, softy breaking in. Enticing hollow of the navel returned, still pitching.

An attendant's tongue still circled on a bare arm, slowly running up the succulent limb to a bare armpit; lips would close there and nastily suck. Sue's mouth in closeup, pink skin and white teeth. ...Gasps getting louder now.

Finally, Sue's face, horizontal, wincing and moaning in alternating current. Her uniform cap was somehow still on her head, pushed cockeye'd by a pillow. It was hard to say at this point: Perhaps the girl wasn't stripped naked. Perhaps her shyness, her innocence were preserved.

Slowly, perspective moved down her arm to her fingers clutching... satin. Blood purple. Sheets. Then continuing leftward, down the profile of the girls body. A perfect, naked breast, topped like a sundae with a pink nipple. Then lower to her waist, then hips. The girl was naked. Medium shot confirmed it. Her body, still in profile, writhed in slow serpentine response to some unseen stimulation. Her abdomen juts out slightly, trembling with each sighing breath; it seems unnaturally soft, and the bowl of her hip contains it. A microscopic tan line across her upper thigh betrays her tendency to the tiniest swimsuits. Perhaps she's not as innocent as she seems. 

The shot from above now. The girl's full body was laid out frontally, unforgiveably. One of the attendants, in a scarlet robe, lay beside Sue, her face buried in the girl's armpit. Sue's body rippled; the midline of her torso undulated at each movement, each lip smack of the feeding woman under her arm. Her breasts quivered, as did the gentle mound of belly. She was irresistably presented, splayed out in soulless license, a sacrifice.

The men watching the screen gasped themselves; some moaned in yearning. ...In course, shameless desire.

Sue had never felt this way before; she'd never felt a woman this way before. It was different. She always expected a woman to be gentler than men. In some ways, it was softer approach; but in others, in was more insistent, more... deep. Other women knew how far to push sensation; they weren't treating her like a breakable toy. They wanted something for themselves, as well.

From the corner of her eye, Sue saw Fadia crawl across the bed to her, naked, her breasts swinging below her. Almost a wilderness cat, Sue thought as Fadia's face levelled with her own, and she kissed her again. Sue almost whimpered as the now-familiar lips closed on her own, Fadia tongue forcing open her mouth and slowly pushing inside.

Fadia lay across Sue now, the length of their naked bodies pressed together. The older woman made sure the tips of their nipples were connected in sensuous circuit, and each woman could feel the tips burning in contact with each other. Sue arched her body into Fadia and muffled moans escaped her covered mouth.

Her mouth left the girl's and traveled to her neck. The girl gasped in startled agony at the ferociousness of Fadia's sucking mouth, but she lifted her chin to afford access to the soft skin of her throat. Fadia licked down it to her chest, then to her breast; she circled the tit with her tongue. On its fleshy underside, she began chewing and sucking; soon the soft skin, shielded white from the sun, glimmered moistly.

Fadia began licking Sue's nipple. Now the girl was moaning openly, and her head rocked back and forth. The other attendant crawled up from the other side and covered her mouth with a kiss. The attendant at her armpit moved on to Sue's neck.

Fadia was strongly, deliberately sucking the nipple now, rotating her head and pulling at it. The other attendant began licking and sucking Sue's other nipple, and the girl arched her back from the bed in a loud groan. 

Sue always had wondered how a woman could nurse a child; her own nipples were tender, almost painful to touch. Now they were on fire, and she wanted the women nursing at her to suck even harder. Her torso was afire, and an inverted triangle of rash, flush in furious red, spread across her upper chest.

Fadia left the nipple, replaced quickly by the attendant above her, who slid her tongue lasciviously to it from Sue's neck. She licked it a moment before gulping it suddenly.

Moving down the girl's stomach to soft belly, Fadia planted wet kisses and bites over Sue's lower abdomen. The girl felt each as if the older woman was sucking up her skin from tender muscle. Finally, she felt the wet tongue play over the hollow of her navel and jerked involuntarily. Fadia took this as invitation and licked deep inside, warmly scouring the sensitive socket as Sue writhed and whimpered.

As the attendants ran their hands over Sue's helpless torso, Fadia licked down to her pubic hair. She felt the girl go rigid in fear, so she took her time, slowly licking over the top of her vagina, under warmth of the tongue radiated in. 

Sue felt Fadia's tongue cover the length of her vagina and gradually opened her legs to her. Fadia pushed her tongue in the cleft and ran it up and down, finally settling on the hood of Sue's clitoris. She let it rest there, as the girl trembled. Then, methodically, she began spreading the flesh apart until her tongue rested on the button. Sue shuddered.

As the attendants continued sucking at her nipples, Fadia ran the length of her tongue across the spot. She worked her head back and forth faster and faster, until Sue was shaking in pleasure. Fadia's lips closed on the button and sucked. 

Sue felt an inferno run up and down her body, jolting her torso from the bed. Something broke inside her and her belly seemed to melt. She felt she'd gone to pure molten liquid.

Sue's orgasm almost shook the other women off her.

After several moments of shuddering release, Sue opened her eyes. She was staring into the dead gaze of Duro the killer. He eased his penis into her, and her eyes widened in alarm. Slowly, he spindled her with his enormous length, until it bobbed at the root of her womb. He moved slightly, and she gasped. He kissed her, deeply. She looked up at him, almost pleading. His eyes softened, and he ran his fingers through her hair. Slowly, he began fucking her. She began of lift her hips from the bed, to work him deeper. She coo'd at him, snarled in challenge, and he stroked deeper until she moaned again from deep in her belly. Duro fucked her with the length of his shaft, plunging it in and out. Her flesh quivered around the massive penis, driving him to hotter arousal, to true passion.

Fadia left the room as the two of them exploded in the first of many orgasms they would have that night.

The ratings would be incredible...