 "Was that a knock at the door?" Aaron asked Nicole from the kitchen.

"I'll get it," she replied, the pen in her mouth partly mumbling her words. "You tend to the pizza, make sure it isn't burned." She neatly placed her notebook and textbook aside on the sofa before snatching the pen from her mouth. Assured it would not roll off, she scampered over to the front door.

"Ooh Nepe!" she cried when she opened the door. She outstretched her arms for a hug to the person at the door. It returned in kind as the visitor entered the house. 

Aaron placed the slightly singed pizza on the pizza pan and placed it on the countertop. Walking to the drawer where the pizza cutter was, he peered his head out of the kitchen doorway. Indeed, it was their friend Nepethathia. The most peculiar Fae he has ever had the pleasure of meeting

"Hi Nicole! How's the biology going?"

"Screw biology. I don't care how I do on the mid-term. How was your date?" Nicole asked with giddiness in her voice.

Grabbing the utensil, Aaron silently chuckled to himself. It wasn't that he found Nepethathia, or Nepe as Nicole was allowed to call her, a weird or funny faerie. In fact, he rather liked her. She had come to both Nicole and his assistance when they needed it, and had proven a true friend. What struck him as odd was that, unlike most sylphs that had entered the world since the celestial conjunction, she didn't spend every spare minute of her time fucking or reveling in the essence of nature around them. Instead, she found the humans around her intriguing. So much so, that she preferred to act more like them than her true nature. 

He couldn't understand why. Like all other faeries he had encountered during his studies at Madison University, she possessed a knockout body with the perkiest, generously proportioned tits a red-blooded male could hope for. From his conversations with his girlfriend, Aaron came to learn Nepe has the appetite for sex and procreation like all other faeries. She could lactate and become incredibly moist at the sight or sounds of fornication. 

Yet she had to be the least sexually promiscuous female faerie on campus. Apparently it had been over a year since she last fucked some random guy, all the while learning about and acting all the more human. It didn't hit him until Nicole and Nepethathia returned from clothes shopping at a mall. Faeries rarely wear much clothing! They only do so to adhere to the social norms of the human world. That Nepethathia often wore a bra as well having a full wardrobe for any situation, drove-home to Aaron that she was an unusual Fae.

The pizza sliced up, he washed the cutter in the sink and brought out the warm pizza to the living room. "Hi Nepethathia. How has your evening been?"

"Hi Aaron," she waved, her bright eyes greeting his. "Like I was telling Nicole, it was pretty disappointing."

"Sorry to hear. Care for some comfort food in the form of pizza?" 

"Thanks, but I already full. I just wanted to say hi to Nicole on the way home."

"I can't believe he tried to cast spells at you," Nicole chimed in. "You'd think he'd have a little courtesy to treat you like a lady before trying to get you in the sack. Do you know what spells they were?"

"I thought I heard him mumbling a sex-craving spell towards the end of out date. But I know he tried a lactation-inducing spell of some sort during our dinner, because a lady the table over had to excuse herself because of her, well, 'problem'. Of course, I didn't work, but still," Nepe's voice trailed off, her hand slightly extended towards Nicole, showing off her ring. 

"The gall of that guy."

"Men," Nepe sighed, getting up from her chair. "I'm sorry Aaron. I don't mean present company, of course."

"Don't worry. But it's true. Guys like women. Some of us are just more perverse than others." His comment drew a wry smile from Nicole, which she cocked her head in trying to hide. 

"Well, tomorrow's another day. And I got a thesis calling my name. But thanks for letting me blow off some steam girlfriend!" 

"Anytime Nepe," Nicole sang as she got up to hug her friend. Picking up her purse, Nepe excused herself from the house with a final twinkle of the hand goodbye. Aaron walked up and closed the door behind her after she left. A pause of silence hung in the room as Nicole and Aaron gazed at each other. 

"Okay," Nicole playfully said after a moment passed.

"What? I didn't do anything."

"Yeah right, I know what's going through your head. I can read you like a book."

"Oh really?" he countered. "You could've fooled me."

"I've told her, you know," she said, getting up and heading to his room. "She doesn't mind because she likes you and trusts you. But it's not like she doesn't know."

"She's comfortable with it?"

Nicole fully turned towards him, a quizzically playful look overcoming her. "I don't know that she's comfortable with it, but she's not about to get her panties in a bundle over your Faerie fetish. I imagine she has respect in you for not acting on you perversion."

"It doesn't make me a pervert. It just means I like chicks is all."

"Oh sure!" Nicole laughed. "You like chicks with antennae and wings and big, fuckable tits. Tight and tall with big eyes and an insatiable thirst for sex, right?"

Holding back chuckles of his own, Aaron replied. "Yeah, pretty much."

After nodding in laughter, Nicole's smile morphed into a sly grin. "You like how they strut about, tall and in command of their powers, showing it off with their bodies," she said, her voice turning raspy, her arms pressing in together to pronounce her breasts.

"Among other things," Aaron said, trying to play is cards right. "They have a number of other qualities too. Their incredibly exotic creatures."

"With their wings and their antennae? You like how they compliment them?" She stood up as spoke, shaking her body as if she had a pair of wings and antennae on her.

"Yeah, it's something I'd like to try once in my life."

Nicole giggled in response, still playfully dancing around the room as she imagined faeries did, humming a tune. "No you don't," she finally said, holding Aaron's full attention as she danced towards him. "You like how their tits are always ready to milk. You love their high-pitched voices and you want to hear them moan. Isn't that it?" she asked, placing her chest an inch from of his face. "You want your own personal Fuck-Fae?"

At a loss of words, Aaron finally squeaked out, "Yeah, that'd be fun too."

Nicole took a step back. "Then what ever would you want with a girl like me?"

Springing up, Aaron took Nicole in his arms. "It's just a fancy of mine. It's not what I need."

* * * * *

Nicole rested on her boyfriend's bed as she waited for him to finish up in the bathroom. In a way, she regretted that they could only truly be intimate at his house. It was not that they couldn't get it on elsewhere - just last week she took him in the parking structure of the biotech building as he walked her home from the library. She simply wanted to have him in her dorm room. Just as she was free to be herself in his apartment, so too did she want him to be free where she lived.

Such was the state at Madison University, though. Ever since the celestial alignment, merging the human realm back with the Fae and bringing about the return of magic, it became difficult just to live one's own life. Surrounded by a massive group of immature students, it was commonplace to find yourself inexplicably subject to some perverted spell gone awry. One occasionally became subject to a poorly-cast spell's effects in a lecture hall or at the library, but the majority occurred at nights in the dorms. The compact living quarters often left students exposed to a myriad of spells. Since the majority of the spells were intent on elevating one's sexual urges, it did not take long before an entire floor found themselves blinded by their primal needs.

That is why Aaron and Nicole both agreed on spending more time at his house. His housemates were sensible people. Although they dabbled a bit in magic, as everyone did, they went about it carefully so others need not be affected. They did not have to worry about her breasts exploding in size, lactating away the sudden abundance in milk. Aaron's dick would not abruptly stiffen, bursting out of his jeans with a mad need to fuck. There were no surprises, just each other, and she was grateful for him.

Still, as fantastic as the sex was that night, Nicole remained perturbed by his passing fancies of being charmed by a Fae. She did not have any problem with the mystical creatures. Some of her good friends were Fae. Most women resented their presence, as they often proved to be an insurmountable challenge in their beauty and alluring nature. Having a steady and committed boyfriend her two years in college, however, she never felt the pressures of competition that some of her less-secure friends confessed.

As Aaron finished up in the bathroom, she thought about what made the female Fae so alluring. Their statuesque bodies, for instance. Always owning a perfect ratio of muscle and body fat. They could adjust and adapt almost any part of their body at will, it seemed. It is no surprise that they take on the form of tall and well-toned femininity that will drive any man wild. Their breasts were supple and inviting, always prominent and perky in their display. If it was not for inter-special agreement to cover their privates, it's likely that all Fae would be strutting around naked. They had no shame when it came to their bodies. Why should they? 

Underneath the warm blanket, Nicole cupped her arm around her modest breasts. She was not flat by any means, but recently she became curious as to what an increase in breast size would do for her. It was easy for her Fae friends to pick up any number of men by merely thrusting their goods in the direction of the men they wanted. Her pair had always seemed the perfect size for Aaron. They had always seemed to hold his interest. Yet his fetish left a nagging doubt in her mind.

Her nagging doubts flittered away as Aaron emerged from the bathroom. She smiled lovingly at him as she relinquished her hold on the blankets. He climbed in beside her, offering a kiss as they snuggled up against each other. She felt no fear with him, and it was perfect.

* * * * *

"I think I understand what you're saying," Nepethathia said, pushing her papers aside. "I know how much Aaron means to you though. I don't think I could spend an evening with him."

"No, no!" Nicole hysterically said. Panic shifted to embarrassment as she placed her hand over her mouth. Her study time with Nepe was two-fold, and neither motive meant to create a scene in the library.

"I was just wondering," she continued, "if you know or have heard of any spells that can make a human more, well, Fae-like."

Nepe's purple eyes darted around aimlessly, as if looking for some answer in her mind. She raised her hand to her chin, their friendship ring adorning her index finger. The ring was a gift Nicole gave to Nepethathia when they became good friends, fused with an enchantment that effectively warded off any spells cast on the bearer. It was because of the ring Nepethathia went on to complete her studies and enter graduate studies at Madison University's sociology department. 

"Well, you know about the induced lactation and body augmentation spells," the Fae replied after a moment of thought.

"Everybody does. They're so cheap though - I don't want something that's so easily augmented by other spells. Something that would show Aaron how committed I am to him."

"Do you just want to be better at magic or casting?"

"No, no. Neither really. I just, I was just hoping that maybe there was a way for me to change myself and become everything that Aaron could ever dream of."

Nepethathia's face abruptly went from serious to dumbfounded confusion. "Did he bring this up? He's such a nice guy, I can't imagine he'd actually want you to change."

"No, he hasn't asked me to change. It's me. I want to be his everything."

Nepethathia sighed, leaning back in her chair. "Well, there are a few incantations you can do, to sprout fairy wings and antennae, and of course enhance your features. It might seem superficial though. Just because you have wings and all doesn't mean they'll work, regardless of whether you knew how to use wings or not. Besides, it'll be pretty foul when the spell dissipates and the appendages rot and fall off."

"I know. It's silly. I probably should just forget about it, huh?"

"Not necessarily," Nepe said, still holding her train of thought. She then abruptly paused as a flurry of thoughts ran through her mind. Her eyes lit up as she realized the possibilities. "Yeah, yeah, that would be great."

Feeling herself becoming lost in the creative spark, she returned her attention back to Nicole. "There may not be a whole lot that you can do, but I have some friends in a fraternity. Let's just say I helped convince their fellow brothers that they'd be a welcome addition. They still owe me a few favors. They might be able to help you out."

"Oh my God, are you serious? Thank you Nepe!"

Nepe brightly smiled back at Nicole. "Don't mention it. After all, what are friends for?"

* * * * *

It was around eleven at night when Nicole showed up to the frat door. She felt a little nervous. A friend of Nepethathia was a friend of hers, but being alone with three male Fae of a notorious fraternity left her feeling a little uneasy. What more, whatever it was they were going to do, they needed the entire afternoon to prepare for. The way Nepe described her solution made it sound like an elaborate ritual. Nicole's heart beat with a nervous excitement.

The door opened, and Nicole was greeted by a shit-faced frat-boy. 

"Hi," she nervously said. "Is Temoluock here?"

"Are you Nicole?" he said with an inebriated drawl. "Yeah, they should be ready for you upstairs. Just go up to the third floor, last room on the left."

She made her way up the stairs, not knowing what to expect. As she walked down the narrow hallway of the third floor, a foreboding sense washed over her. She trusted Nepethathia and her instructions, but being with three Green Men? Being a forest sylph, Nepe would be on good terms with them. Still, rumors floated about campus of the Green Men's dominating control over their sexual prey. Their lustful appetites owned a reputation of exhausting even the most libidinous girls on campus. Human girls, at least. 

Taking a deep breath to clear her senses, Nicole knocked on the door.

A tall, slender-face greeted her upon opening the door. "You are Nicole?"

"Yes," Nicole answered. She wanted to explain herself, beginning by offering an apology for taking time out of their evening. The man abruptly cut her off.

"We have little time to waste. I am Temoluock. Nepethathia explained to us your situation. The enchantment we have prepared this evening is an ancient Fae purification ritual. It is only intended for Fae, but," he paused. He turned to look behind him, where Nicole made out the shapes of two others in the shadows. Temoluock turned back to her, continuing, "We have reason to believe it will have a desirable effect on you. Come with me."

Nicole found herself whisked into the room. The door slammed behind her as she was guided to the center of the unusually dark room. It was clear to her that the air was thick with enchantments. Candles burning of various colors lined the exterior of the room. Their flickering light revealed Temoluock's bestial frame, wearing only a loin-cloth to hide his shame.

A faint marking had been painted on the ground. Temoluock left her standing over it as he walked to the other two. They each extended their hands over three prepared goblets. Closing their eyes, they began chanting a few incantations in a deep, foreign tongue. They then lifted the glasses, recanting a different chant, much louder than before. Finally, they drank from their goblets, downing the contents quickly.

Her mind raced, trying to comprehend what she just got herself into.

"What exactly is..."

"It would be best not to speak," Temoluock said, opening his eyes at her. "We have begun. Unnecessary chatter will only erode the ritual's potency. Now remove your clothes."

She felt her eyes widen at his request, but staring back into his enlarged, black pupils told her the seriousness of his words. Her mind still in a flurry, Nicole began to disrobe. Stripping down before three strangers was frightening enough for her, but Nicole's eyes had adjusted to the lack of light, and she now saw the Fae along side her. They were practically beasts! It was well known that Fae often used image-enhancing spells to better integrate with the humans, but she never really knew how animal-like the male Fae really were.

Tossing her panties aside, Nicole quickly covered her crotch and breasts with her arms. Temoluock took note her body language as he approached. "You need not be afraid. We will not harm you. You will soon find that everything will come naturally to you."

He placed his hand on her forehead. She felt a strength run through his arm to the palm pressed against her skull. He grunted out a few syllables before removing his hand. The only immediate effect was leaving Nicole feeling dumbfounded.

Temoluock stepped back, keeping his eyes with hers. With a tug to the side of his hips, he quickly undid and discarded the cloth hiding his shame. Almost instinctively, Nicole's eyes snuck a peek. His cock was fully erect! Looking back into his eyes, an instinctive understanding washed over her. She knew how this was going to be.

"Kneel."

Nicole knelt before Temoluock, her eyes focused on the prominence of his limp flesh. She scuffled her knees to move in closer. Lifting her right hand, she delicately grasped his meat. The foreign texture of the skin, although similar to her boyfriend's, somehow managed to intimidate her. Nicole was never timid in gripping Aaron's cock, but in holding the enchanted Fae's member in her hand, a sense of grandeur washed over her.

Still convincing herself that she was not cheating, Nicole's heart leapt as she moved her face closer to the prize in her hand. Her bottom lip grazed the underside of Temoluock's prick as she slid her head closer to his body. The once-strange Fae seemed normal, even familiar to her now. Her eyes closed as she inhaled near the base of his member. Becoming intoxicated in the moment, Nicole moved her head back, opening her eyes to the bulbous head of his cock.

Her lips parted to take his member in. With the head of his prick inside her, she sealed her lips around the girth of his cock. Controlling her breathing while holding her fears at bay, Nicole moved her head along the length of his shaft. It seemed like the thing to do, although thoughts about her gag reflex acting up forced her to proceed with caution. It was too surreal for her to rationalize. Not five minutes ago she was walking towards campus to spice up her love life, and now her lips was around a Fae's meat. 

Nicole tried to ignore the pulsing of Temoluock's cock. She thought to herself that perhaps all male Fae's cocks throb intensely. From the stories her friends had heard, such a detail would be reduced to a side-note of a laundry list of intense action. She took the moment in stride, trusting Temoluock's words that everything would come naturally to her.

It was then she felt the hot spray of cum hit the back of her mouth. There was no pre-cum, no leap, no warning for her to act on. Gob after gob of his juice spurted free in her mouth. Acting on instinct, Nicole swallowed his load. She inhaled deeply, her lips still snug around his shaft. His cream coated her throat, triggering a slight burning sensation with everything it touched. Her body could feel its radiating energy as it trickled its way down her esophagus and into her body. 
