 He was naked, and her graceful hands slid suggestively down this slim, firm figure. Down...down to his cock. Depressingly limp. He moaned contentedly, but could do nothing more. She held his limp member, merely 5 inches now, and squeezed gently; sensing for an aura, an essence that no mere human could detect. No...no, he was completely exhausted; there would be no more sex....no more erections....his body rejected her magic, perhaps four or five times last night she had enchanted him with subtle stamina spells. Even without them, Carter had pounded her like a machine; the Sophomore had thrust his manmeat into her womanly slit from 7pm last evening...oh my...all through midnight...past....past....hours had passed in darkness; the two of them had drifted into sleep at brief intervals, until she felt his manly hands grabbing her boobs, his agile frame pressed against her soft flesh, wiry muscles throbbing with virile heat against her bronzed skin in the dim moonlight. Those hands.....fondling her ass, signaling to her that the penetration would begun again, and continue, and that wasn't counting the reaming he'd given her pussy while still in her office! 

But no longer. Lily shrugged; it would take him perhaps most of the day to recover, but Carter had given her what she wanted; what she needed. She smoothed his sandy blond hair affectionately, as her naked pussy quivered a bit in memory of the previous evening's delight. She sighed sadly, her mood somewhat deflated at the unfair strictures of this human world. Last week, she had attended a compulsory faculty ethics seminar; where they had drilled into her again and again the importance of professionalism; in a campus full of Fae, it was even more important for professors to guard themselves against temptation, that their judgment would not be compromised. The humans could not, perhaps would never understand. Ever since the Celestial Conjunction, when magic returned to the Earth, and the legendary creatures of Faerie with it, humans had complained bitterly about the wanton sexuality of the Fae, at least in public they complained.

They couldn't know, the feeling of seeing your people fading away, for the Fae bloodlines were too thin; they needed humanity to strengthen their gene pool. Now, on Earth, there were men everywhere: Of course she was screwing her students! It was a dire need, as well as her nature. But they would scoff, react angrily, try to keep her from getting tenure, if the faculty Senate knew she'd been using her male students as breeding stock. Well, no need to think about them now; Carter had seeded her womb with many, many loads of rich sperm: and she allowed a proud grin to cross her full, ripe lips, as she sensed the faint, but promising aura of the twin sons that her young lover had planted inside her. After centuries of inbreeding, and declining magic, Fae males, (rare that they were) could rarely impregnate Fae females, and when they did, almost every time the young were female. And so their situation on Faerie had become even more dire. But not now, no longer. Human sperm was the spark to her kindling, the high-octane fuel of Fae survival; when a human male emptied his seed into her, it sparked a biological chain-reaction the likes of which no one could have predicted. Her race, the forest nymphs, and all fae would most certainly survive! Of course, she'd sensed that he'd impregnated her minutes after their first coupling in her office, but she'd taken the boy home with her anyway; why waste good cock? 

Her supernaturally fertile body had time to nurture the offspring, and they were growing, maturing at an impossible, magical rate. As a forest nymph, she was the living embodiment of fertility, and no silly notions of 'ethical conduct' could disuade her biological imperative. She was about to.... no...she'd *have* to put on something. That was an annoying barb concerning life on Earth; she would be forced to wear clothing almost constantly! Stupid human laws. At least she could get by without one of those...damn what were they...weird lacy cups....human women did something with them...oh well. She shrugged, slipping on her green bathrobe, she mixed up some coffee and checked out her living room window. Yup, there they were.

Three cars were parked, (almost surreptitiously) on the street in front of her house. They were older, nondesript vehicles, but Lily knew who it was; part of her entourage. While many human males scorned her, there were far more that she had spoiled; and she felt a bit guilty; a few nights with her, and these men (one a former student) had lost almost all interest in human women. Or at least, their former girlfriends. She chuckled, a human woman would be shocked and alarmed with former lovers parked outside her house trying to spy on her; but she loved so many men.

That was something else she resented; the claim by human women that she didn't care about her men, or herself because she was so promiscuous. They didn't get it! She loved many men! She wasn't some embittered whore! it was love; lots of love. She loved a great many men, over and over, and over again. And again. She felt far more love than a human woman would! So what to do with them? Each of the men parked out front had begged her to marry them; but how could she choose only one? Many fae had similar dilemmas. 

So now, they spent their free time learning about her, watching her, trying to discover some way...some secret that would enable them to win her heart. Silly humans! Most of them had already won her heart! And her boobs! And her pussy! And more. There were too many men to choose just one. But she wasn't rude to any of them; a Fae never knew when she might wake up one night in a cold sweat, her cunt burning for the cum of some lover from years back. And so it was; she would most likely be filled with an urge to mate with each of these men again. As she was...oh...ooooh...

There...yes..a hand flew to her belly beneath the robe; her latest batch of young was growing rapidly! She felt the briefest swell below her navel. It would be time soon. But first...what to do with these lovestruck men? She padded on bare feet through the grass casually, on her way to the cars across the street. The dawn sunlight glistened with spectacular radiance upon her lustrous mane of leaf-green hair. The tiny pink flower, that grew naturally from her scalp, poked through her hair above her ear, opened wide and tilted to receive the sunlight. The men's eyes widened as she approached, and they pretended to be reading books, but she knew better. She approached the first car, sipping her morning coffee.

James Fynimore could no longer drive the big rig; few things in life had meant much after he'd met Lily, after he'd first stared into her luminous eyes, greener than a Sargasso sea; and after she'd sucked his cock that night...and the next....he *HAD* to marry her! There had to be...*KNOCK KNOCK* She was knocking on the window! Was she angry? Ready to issue a restraining order? He heard the bursty forest nymph set her cup of coffee on top of his car. *KNOCK KNOCK* she rapped on his side window yet again. Gingerly, he rolled it down.

"I...I just-" but the moment the glass partition was removed, Lily threw open the cottony bathrobe, revealing the jutting beauty of naked boobs hanging off her voluptuous frame like rose-capped coconuts of enchanted grandeur. "G-uh...I...." A female hand went to squeeze each teat, the skin softer than polished silk, yet engorged with the ripe promise of fertile renewal.

It was good her men had come along; with her latest pregnancy, Lily's tits....well, honestly she felt them producing even more milk than was usual. Naturally, her boobs gorged with her creamy elixir to feed her young, but she felt noticeably tighter than usual; thus the streams of ivory white lactation that jetted from her rosy nipples fired with a force and accuracy to rival the water-pistols of the neighborhood children. 

"Y-HAAAH!" wailed James in gleeful shock, as the supernatural milk spattered into his bright-red beard. He quivered; stunned in blissful, hesitant delight. Lily opened the car door, grasped his pants, and with a deft yank, exposed the thrusting might of a 6-inch cock, reddened with blood flow and veins. Just as quickly, her plump lips were around the shaft, slurping and sucking until...yes...she got a good sense of his aura...how aroused he was.

Gurgling with delight, his coarse hands gently stroked her leaf-green burst of verdant hair. Oooh! Too quick...he was almost there....

"I'm...I'm..." he murmured...

"Not yet, love.." said Lily, disengaging and reaching outside the car....there... with her right hand, she firmly gripped James Fynimore's hard member, stroking gently, with her right, she brought in her coffee, and released.

To Lily, the semen of a human male had a delightful, creamy taste with multiple levels of flavorful richness, what better additive to put in her coffee? With moans of relief, James ejaculated into the ceramic mug, Lily swirled it to stir around his spurting treat. Ooooh...yes....several ounces...as she suspected, an encounter with her often left men more fertile, more potent after they had fully recovered from her demanding lusts. He spurted 3 times the cum of a normal human his age....mmm....tasty...

Drinking down the delightful beverage, she looked past the seats to the car behind her, and waved to Marcus, the rather surprised boyfriend in the next car on her list, as James collapsed into sleepy relief.

He was ready for her; perhaps too ready. Lily was prepared to repeat the process, ripping open her robe to reveal tits that if anything, seemed even more likely to explode with creamy nourishment than before. Her mammaries shook, and Lily felt that throbbing pulse from within, telling her that her body was making yet more womanly nectar. Bronzed breasts equal in size with coconuts parted the robe on their own strength as they grew yet more; tightening, rising with buoyant firmness as they expanded lengthwise, jutting forward to encompass the length of a foot-long ruler.

With a throaty gurgle, Marcus spasmed; he had cum too soon, when the first jet of milk had sprayed upon his tongue, that alone sent him over the edge. No time to lose! Marcus Jared was a successful black businessman who was an Alumni of Madison University; He was shaven bald, and had a beefy build that made Lily's cunt wet: but then, so many men made her wet. He'd stopped by a few months ago to visit, and promised to make a generous donation to his old Alma Mater, Professer Lily had been so grateful that...well, that she showed him. She'd dragged him off to the Men's room within a hour of meeting him, to show him her deep, deep gratitude. The check he wrote out to the college was even larger than he'd originally promised; so Lily had to find him, and bring him home, to properly express her genuine gratitude...all night...and through much of the morning. 

His prematurely-spurting cock was a little more than 8-inches fully erect, and within moments the twim hemispheres of fae tit where positioned on either side, to lavish her flesh in as much of his sperm as she could still have. She kneeled on the ground, in the street as she pleasured him, his legs reaching out of the car. He deserved it; she had enjoyed him in the past; the children he'd impregnated her with were exceptionally healthy.

"I should have known better, eh Mark? You always were a Tit man." she reminded herself. as a syrupy curtain of white jizz spread luxuriously across the firm slopes of tan-colored, bulging boobs to put a stripper to shame. She kneaded her titflesh, squeezing Marcus' member between valleys of lactating teat. At the height of each squeeze, the tops of each boob were high enough to thoroughly, completely engulf the raging black cock, spattering the intermittent fountains of sperm that rushed up from his gushing manhood. His moans of pleasure were piteous as each push brought on a new dribble of faerie breastmilk. Good thing the seats in this car were leather.

It took a few moments to suck and lick the copious sperm of the black man off of her perky boobs. As she sucked each finger for every last drop of tasty semen, she smiled at Francis, in the last car in line. He was probably the man that loved her the most. She had done real work with him; real research on isolating transcription factors in eukaryotic polymerases. All the while, the young man had burned with frightening lust for her, suppressing his libidinous urges for his Fae professor; not realizing what a slut she was. It had been amusing; watching him struggle to hide the yearnings that burned in his blood, and the cock that raged inside his pants. He'd gotten to really know her too; as much as any of her fae friends. He had graduated some years back; vowing to someday earn enough, prove himself man enough to claim the fertile forest nymph as his own. Silly boy; he'd already won. But then, so many other men had won too.

Marcus slumbering peacefully, she cleaned up, but rather than repeat her first performance, she let her ripe mammaries swing loose, (hoping the neighbours were still asleep) pinching her own nipples, which elicited sprays of breastmilk on the windshield strong enough to be worthy of windshield wipers had Francis been driving. Francis met her, grasped her with a tortured wail, and dragged her into his car. Hmm....full circle; that was how it had been when Lily had gotten tired of tormenting the poor boy. She had called and insisted he come straight to her house one day, where she tackled him with spurting, naked boobflesh. She was afraid she'd have to put a sock in his mouth to quiet his screams of ecstasy as she impaled herself upon his impressive rod.

Who knew that the otherwise frail boy would have had an 8-incher, only a little smaller than Marcus'. He was thin, and looked down upon by his peers, but he chased his dreams with a dogmatic intensity that Lily felt compelled to reward, again..and again...and again. Now it was Francis that had tackled her and...and...

He couldn't resist; whatever plans he'd had for her were disrupted when her robe fluttered aside, revealing the pink lips of her sopping, faerie pussy. A scent reminescent of wildflowers and spring rain washed over him, the forest nymph's natural mating musk still detectable in traces from last night. and with a sigh of gratitude, he buried his face into her cunt. It made sense, reflected Lily as he ate her out. The sexual fluids of fae were just as enticing to humans as human semen was to her. The slippery moisture that lubricated her pussy would taste like tangy, flowery nectar to a human. And all the world was forgotten as Francis' agile tongue slipped in and...and...oh...ooooohhh...he...Lily didn't know he was *that* good!

With a spasm, she lost control of herself, as her previous lovers had done, a high-pitched squeal torn from her ripe lips, her nipples spurted their bounty as Francis performed as especially deep thrust with his expert tongue. He was lost to himself now; she could see the look in his hungry eyes; the taste of Nymph cum was an aphrodisiac like no other; there would be no stopping him until he had blown his own load.

Ooooh...paradise...nothing could dampen this moment of pleasure as Lily felt...felt...oh no...not again. Her rapture was momentarily spoiled by a glance towards her reflection in the rear-view mirror of the human's car. Many years ago, when Lily had first arrived on Earth, the subtle lines on her face, and the hardness of her cheekbones gave her an appearance the same as a human woman in her early 30's; (If you didn't count her green hair with flowers growing in it) But since arriving, having sex...so much sex, and becoming impregnated, her mystical connection to the timeless magic of life and fertility increased. And gradually she saw herself becoming younger in appearance.

Now, her skin was more supple than ever, and her cheeks had a youthful fullness suitable for a much younger woman. Why...she looked about the same age as some of the female students at Madison University! Barely older than perhaps 20! Being a faerie slut made it nearly impossible for her to gain any respect from her faculty colleagues, but with her increasingly youthful appearance it became even less likely that strangers would take her seriously! Human women grew weaker and decrepit with age, but Lily was feeding off the life-energy of the Earth itself, and continued becoming ever more the hyper-fertile sex-pot. She grunted in agitation, the joy of cunnilingus momentarily supressed. At this rate, they'd start carding her when she wanted to pick up her men in bars. But on the bright side, soon she'd be able to slip into High-school proms, savoring the flowers of manhood at their freshest. (but certainly not until they were 18!) 

Screaming into the wet folds of her pussy; Francis came in his pants with a monumental orgasm that shook the older-model Camry, having reached his peak from the perfume of Lily's womanhood alone, without once toucing himself. Lily had been ready to take her time with his slumbering body, licking the cum from around his fabulous cock at her leisure, when the fluttering came.

Quicker than she expected! Her young were strong enough to kick from within their mother's rapidly swelling body. Not surprising, this latest pregnancy had youthened her noticeably, explaining her vast milk production, and the great speed of her latest gestation. But she would never, could never stop. Madison University was jam-packed with potent young men aflame with the virile hormones of late adolescence; their sexual drives were at a fever pitch, the potency of their seed as mighty as ever, her nature commanded her to spread her legs before such potential.

Her belly had bulged, poking through the fabric of her robe, she was...a big as a throw-pillow down there...growing fast! There was no more time; she *had* to reach her secret spot, her birthing grotto. It was why she had bought a house so close to the woods. Spasms of exhiliaration coursed through her belly, as her body inflated with the raw magic of pure fertility; children growing at an impossible rate. Soon, she was at the edge of the woods, and she discarded her bathrobe as she glided gracefully into the trees; the leaves and shrubbery seeming to part for her.

**********

Her bond with nature was as strong as ever, and the pink flower growing from her scalp rose a bit higher in the air. It was good that her men were asleep; she didn't want them to see her like this; tits dripping, belly growing from pillow, to a size not unlike the backpacks her students used, as her naked body shifted its gait to a waddle. Yet another kick; Carter's twins were anxious! They probably had their father's ambition. Gliding deeper into the woods, rippling spasms of fecundity pushing her ripe womb towards the end of pregnancy, she reached at last a concealed, leafy grotto. Her dreamy drifting through the woods was hurried a bit; she could tell her young were impatient with gestation, and were eager to be born; she decided not to disappoint them.


Not for some time had the process been painful, but rather the birthing pangs had given way to an eroticized electricity, each contraction only fueled her natural, Fae lust. bare feet digging into the leafy earth, she squated and grunted while her breasts reddened, seeming to grow just a bit more. There was much the humans did not know; the truth she would not tell them, she affirmed her decision to keep her births secret as the water broke.

To the men parked on the street, she seemed to be a highly successful, young female professor. But she was so much more; Lily was as a queen among her kind, back on Faerie. As the humans held her in their arms, as they ejaculated into her wet depths, they never guessed that the creature with whom they mated was an ancient being, not really a woman in the way they thought. She was old and powerful, a primal entity of magic. Would these men be so intent to marry her if they knew how alien she truly was? She now had the face and body of an impossibly curvy and voluptuous 20-year old; what would her many suitors say if she told them of the many centuries she had lived, as the magic faded from faerie, and of her joy that she would live longer still here on Earth?
