 "Haven't seen tits this big all week," grumbled the janitor to himself. And that was saying alot, considering the heavy workload that Jacob Renquist was putting in lately. Back when the 50-something bluecolloar wage-slave had just started this gig, the worst he had to clean up was graffitti, and dried-up wads of gum. But those day were gone forever.

The dorm room Jake was cleaning was in fact a surprisingly accurate portrayal of the way the world was these days; disheveled, sloppy, and dripping with sex. The place was water-logged, but not with water. All the furniture, all the walls, and the carpeting beneath was saturated with sexual fluids. The bed sheets were soggy from spewing gouts of breastmilk, cum oozed off the walls languidly, deposited there by ejaculations so volcanic as to inflict mild comas upon the two unconscious boys that had experienced them.

There seemed to be seven of them in all; completely naked college students passed out in the aftermath of an orgy too intense for the human mind to process. There was no doubt that all five of the women were pregnant, and not just from the rivulets of male juices escaping from the yawning pussies luridly displayed before the aging janitor: He had seen this type of thing too many times before. A quick scan of the room revealed the source of this disaster.

There she was; half-sprawled on the bed, her bouncy tits pointing to the ceiling, while her legs dangled off the bed's edge. This girl had a virtually perfect body. Smooth, velvety skin, not a hint of a blemish anywhere, her figure had the perfect balance of toned fitness and voluptuous curves. Yes, her wobbly boobs were the size of watermelons, but that wasn't too unusual these days. But no one could have such a perfect, sculpted physique. Jake knew she was one of them, even before he saw the wings. Just like last time, the little bitch was one of the Fae. 

"Damned Stars....Why'd they have ta line up in my lifetime...didn't need any of this...." grumbled Jake. Ever since the Celestial Conjunction earlier in the 21st century, nothing had been right. Mankind found out that magic had returned to the Earth because of it; and all those ancient legends that we thought we'd put behind us turned out to be all too true. And when magic returned, the races from the Land of Fairy returned with it.

"Buncha sluts," complained Jake as he got out his mop and bucket. Whenever asked why they returned to the Earth, the Fae always said that the magic was fading, that they needed human contact, that they would die out otherwise. All Jake knew was that these Fae were all a bunch of unruly nymphomaniacs. Like this one, She was some kind of Pixie, her pink hair, and little wispy antennae on her forehead were natural, as well as the diaphanous, crystalline wings sprouting from the girl's back.

Jake knew the story already; this pixie slut and her roommate probably lured some horny freshmen boys back to their room, intending to cast some kind of lust spell for a night of fun. But the boys had the same idea, and they probably brought along one of those breast-growth potions, or an Amulet of Lactation, or somesuch. The magic got out of hand, other girls got hit with raging libidos, and soon the situation disintegrated into a free-for-all of uncontrollable sexual urges.

Jake had begun the agonizing process of moping up this mess while surveying the humans that had been trapped in this web of seduction. The other four girls were definitely human, or at least, they used to be, if any woman with breasts the size of basketballs and hips nearly as wide as a bed pillow could still be considered human. Good thing he already called the infirmary, they'd be ready soon enough to take these poor wretches off his hands. With them here, the clean-up would be impossible; even now Jake saw small streams of rich breastmilk flowing from the engorged nipples of the co-eds sprawling like rag-dolls on the floor.

The slightest touch of those breasts and little rivers of mi-..what...hold on.... The balding janitor studied one of the girls. Sure enough, with a slow and steady creep, like bread-dough rising in the oven, her breasts were still growing. It was fairly slow, he didn't notice at first, but the nurse better hurry while this girl would still fit through the door. Aureoles, nipples and all continued to inflate with magical fertility as he began to mop up the puddles of milk. Whatever sicko breast-growth spell or whatever had happened was still in effect! The girl moaned softly, millions of miles away, as she relived the supernatural orgy in her dreams.

Jake went to the hallway for a second to get the extra blankets. He draped these over the prone bodies of the moist lovers, as though they were corpses, to prevent the lurid scene from fascinating passersby any more than was unavoidable. He never forgot the extra blankets. But wait a second....one of them...wait...that girl...the brown hair was the same style....the torn remains of the clothes beneath her....they were familiar....Jake studied this girl, collapsed near the sink of the room. Yeah, the face was female...(the body sure was) but the clothes were the same...and that hair-cut...he recognized her, sort of. If he hadn't seen this before, he never would have noticed, but this was almost certainly Bob Gerrard, from the thrid floor. A good kid, running for student council. A guy who always stopped to say hi to the janitors. Now, 'Bob' was a giant-assed naked slut of a girl with breasts that could suffocate a horse. 'She' moaned and twitched with memories of unspeakable pleasures. Jake had seen it all before.

What he didn't see was the massive glob of semen that dripped from the ceiling to spatter onto his nearly-bald head. Luckily, he remembered to wrap a cloth around his face to block the heady smell, he'd have to remember to bring a hat next time. It should be okay, though. The students would be carried off, given sexual-suppresant drugs, and allowed to sleep for the rest of the day, most of the magic could probably be reversed. Maybe. If you were lucky, and could afford a good doctor. 

"Better off before this magic nonsense started, those were the good ole' days..." reflected Jake wistfully. He knew it was time to take a break soon, he was having one of his dizzy spells again. He'd been working way too hard these days.

**********

It was kinda amazing how fast you can get used to this sort of garbage. Or so Jake thought. Another day, another dirty floor, more sex-soaked dorm rooms to clean up. Years ago, when he started this job, he would have gaped open-mouthed at the sight before him, off to his left. 

Jake was sweeping up in the 2nd floor hallway of the Madison University Rec center, but on the left side were windows affording a view into the olympic-sized swimming pool below. And what Jake beheld there only served to heighten his longing for the old days.

"Blasted buncha fairy sluts, tryin' ta show up humans...." Jake grumbled as he swept. Extra-curricular activities at Madison University were becoming increasingly controversial whenever the Fae got involved. And now, female athletics were really beginning to suffer, at least it seemed that way if you were human. Cheerleading, gymnastics, and now the girl's swimteam had been taken over by the Fae. Of course, the coaches and administrators didn't see it that way; Madison university was proud of the way it attracted so many students from the Fairy races, so it made sense to use them.

Jake was still amazed that almost no one put up a fuss over the fact that the Girl's swimteam was almost entirely made up of mermaids now. Yes, it was practical; the graceful bodies and glistening tails of the mermaids slipped through the water like greased lightning, but Jake still thought the school should emphasis human-only athletic teams!

Inspite of his bluster, he couldn't help but be distracted from his onerous chores by the splendid beauty of the fairy creatures. Their tails gleamed with an irridescent, radiant shimmer, no two tails with quite the same color. Jake was also a little distracted by the suppleness of their human torsos; below the rubber-caps used to contain their hair, the mermaids wore only bikini-tops. Since they didn't use normal legs to swim, it was rather pointless trying to wear a human bathing suit.

The disgruntled sanitation worker also couldn't help but take notice of what was in those bikini tops. He figured that swimmers would need to be sleek and slender, but not one of the mermaid girls was less than a D-cup. Amazingly, their ample bosoms were no bother at all as they effortlessly undulated through the water, completing lap-after-lap at a speed that could have earned any of them an Olympic Gold medal back in the good ole' days, of human-only sporting events!

the balding man gulped audibly, adjusted himself to conceal his raging hardon, (he may have been old, but he was still a red-blooded man.) and tried to push away the images of the buxom fairy creatures. They were the Enemy! Something needed to be done! He couldn't think about how much he wanted to suck upon those moist nipples, what it would feel like to grasp and fondle the ample bosoms in the pool below, to caress the colorful tails, easily as radiant as mother-of-pearl...

"Dang it Jake, you're a grown-up! Not one of these hormone-charged freshman fools that go off chasing Fae tail!" He tried not to stare when one of them, with an emerald-green tail, hopped out for a moment, sitting on the side. He tried to continue sweeping as she shook out the lustrous mane of sea-green hair from under her swimming-cap. Jake glanced in reluctant fascination as the girl wiggled her tail and began chanting...chanting the magical incantation that would allow her to walk on land. Jake tried not to let his cock tent his pants too much, as her lower body shimmered and blurred, fish-tail melting and morphing, soon becoming a pair of sleek, naked legs. Very naked legs! The fairy creature still wore nothing but the bikini top as she stoop up upon her transformed limbs.

Inspite of himself, the janitor's heart skipped a beat as she turned around and revealed her nude, shaven womanhood. She began to remove her bikini top when a purple mermaid stopped by the pool's edge and said something...probably a half-hearted entreaty to the concerns of human modesty. The green mermaid merely shrugged and released her bounteous bosom from its confines, jiggling majesty dancing luridly in the humid air, water dripping from rosy nipples, and said something back. Probably an indifferent dismissal of the uptight demands of sexually-repressed humanity. She stalked about the pool, stretching her human legs and arching her back, displaying plainly the reason why Indecent Exposure was the most common criminal offense amongst the Fae. Luckily, no one else was in the pool area that day, though if the Mermaids had seen the janitor from the window, Jake knew it wouldn't have bothered them.

"Buncha sluts..." but both his pounding cock and his sudden spell of dizziness made it somewhat difficult to return to his duties.

The mermaids practiced for about an hour, before they all found themselves standing up on human legs on the tile floor of the pool area, chatting amicably, discussing which human boys that they knew had cocks of what size. After a few rounds of girlish giggling, the seven fairy creatures rumaged through their gym bags, and returned to form a circle for the inevitable dildo-trading. 

Marina's only regret was that the whole team couldn't be there. Still, it was fun, and she got to try out a ridged length of latex that should easily stretch her womanly depths beyond capacity. She brushed a strand of silvery hair from her deep-blue eyes as the gang sauntered nude towards the showers. 

To be honest, the fact that the humans had passed stupid laws long ago to stop women from flashing their bodies in public only made her want to do so more often; the thrill of getting caught and all that. But there was another reason too, thought Marina as she entered the ladies shower.

Most of the girls admitted, in late-night truth-or-dare sessions, of their yearning to be taken. Marina knew that if she strutted around in the buff, her ample hips, slender legs, and trembling mountains of surprisinly firm titflesh could easily drive a man into a frenzy. To be honest, she got a little bored sometimes with the babbling, awkward freshman boys as they bombarded her with roses and candy-boxes. Yes, yes, very nice. But the silvery mermaid yearned to be ravished.

She wanted the sight of her nude figure to so enflame a human male with lust, that the needs of gentlemanly manners and polite ettiquette would be forgotten before the tide of savage yearning. It was a popular myth that male Fae, particularly Satyrs were hornier and more lust-driven than humans, but Marina knew that was not entirely true. Human lusts, if properly nurtured, could grow to become just as intense; Marina knew that every one of her male classmates had a beast inside him, and it thrilled her to entice the beasts with the sight of her supple, naked flesh, hoping that the sight would cause the monster to break free from its civilized shakles, throw her to the ground, and bury her beneath the heaving fury of its savage body as it blasted its way into the treasure of her womanhood. 

That was when she heard the screaming...well, maybe 'scream' wasn't the right word, this was more of a triumphant roar. Animalistic in its ferocity, but with the intonations that a human might make. Marina furrowed her brow and continued lathering up her buoyant boobs when the roar returned, followed by...footsteps.

"Hey, turn off the showers for a second," she commanded in surprise. The other mermaids followed suit, equally disturbed, and for several nail-biting moments, the seven fae stood naked in the shower, nubile bodies moistened with a sheen of soapy lather. And the door shattered. From around the corner, Marina could see the fist that had punched through- the fist that punched through the door!? Indeed.

To call him a man would be like referring to Hurricane Hugo as an atmospheric disturbance. 'No,' thought Marina, This creature that had stormed into the Girl's shower was as much a beast as a lion, or grizzly bear, it certainly seemed strong as one! But it was not the rippling muscles that riveted the girls' attention. Nor was it his awesome stature, over 7 feet tall, with shoulders were like muscled tree-trunks, snarling with raging savagery.

But ultimately, it was his cock, nearly the size of an olive-loaf sausage that made the mermaids weak in their magically-created knees. The throbbing member was the diameter of a beercan, but its length....was rapidly increasing! Marina put a hand to her slippery bosom, and her pounding heart heralded the undeniable reality that her fantasy stood before her, waiting to claim her cunt.

"WANT....BOOBS...!" snarled the beast man. The naked mermaids could only hope he meant their boobs, not a pair of his own, whilst the bosoms in question seemed to perk up in unison; nipples hardening in rapt anticipation of the inevitable.

'WANT CUNT!!" came the throaty cry, as the beast grabbed his cock, rapidly approaching the length of a baseball bat, while it spasmed, and throbbed. And then the torrent came.

As Marina fell to her knees, overcome with a tingling wave of blood-boiling lust, she couldn't help but wonder why the cock-monster that had grasped her in one its muscled arms and bothered to spray them all with a torrent of precum that rocketed forth from that Herculean manhood. She felt it then, the jerking, the tingling in her pelvis...her pussy...the pulsing feeling from within her, as the buxon fairy felt her hips widening. With a jerking quiver, her ass began to fill out, (like it needed it!) into a vast pair of fleshy hemispheres more expansive than any rapper could hope for on his girlfriend. And her tits! As the lust scent from the beast's precum electrified her libido, a jolt of power seemed to gather in her boobs, searing her with pleasure as the fertile domes of her feminity blossomed from mere bowling ball size, ballooning and burgeoning inch by bosomy inch as the wobbling mounds grew to further dominate her chest. The bulging bosoms spread forth, colliding into each other in the valley of her cleavage, while nipples surged upwards, hardening and throbbing, sprouting dynamically to reach the size of lipstick cases. Her rosy aureoles widened like a spreading stain of erotic potential, and even with the massive arm of her savage paramour supporting her, Marina was awed by the fleshy inertia of her inflating mammaries.

"WANT BOOBS!" The Beast-man declared.

A quick glance told her she was not alone; the other girls, also hit by a potent arc of spraying precum from the monster cock were blossoming as well, and as the beasts' tongue caressed the firm globes, she understood at last.

Even a fae, at her horniest, could not hope to take such a supreme cock inside herself, Marina certainly couldn't. The creature's magical cock first needed to enhance them, cause the lusty mermaids to ripen for breeding. Their hips would expand, and she felt even now the twitching inside her moist folds, and she knew she would soon be able to envelope nearly the entire length of the monstrous rod before her! Her boobs would continue to bulge, to a size more fitting the beasts' desires. She only wished that her flesh would ripen faster, that she might sooner become a suitable match for the monster's inhuman sexual instinct.

"WANT BOOBS!" Reminded the monster, as though she could forget.

Amidst her groans of lust, Marina tried to study the monster; he seemed....old. He was balding on top, with a ring of silvery hair around his head, and a thick, graying moustache. But there was nothing feeble about him; he was more burly than the beefiest football player, and the fire in his eyes was born of a lust so powerful, so non-negotiable, that any attempt by Marina to restrain his mating instinct would be like restraining an elephant with a piece of sewing string.

The Fairy creature flailed her magically-generated legs as she spasmed with pleasure; upon feeling that impossible cock penetrating her depths. A lurid slurp would have been easily audible, if not for the combined screams of the silver mermaid, and the victorious grunt of her beast-lover. She...she took it! The collossal member had to be well over a foot long, almost twice that, but Marina took it inside the slippery folds of her dripping sex!

Beefy hands hoisted her effortlessly upon his member, while the gurgling fae wrapped her legs around that steely pelvis through animal instinct, signifying her yearning to be impregnated. Could the Beast be enjoying this rut nearly as much as her? Fireworks of bliss exploded into her brain amidst the delirious ecstasy. She could see it in those dark, seethining eyes; the Beast was awed not only by the wet heat of her churning cunt, but also by the graceful beauty of her magical visage. The faces of all the mermaids were elegantly upswept, like those of elves, and anyone nuzzling and groping her pliant flesh could behold speckled highlights of shimmering radiance upon her skin, gleaming like barely-visible mother-of-pearl scales, heightening the exotic appeal of the fairy creature.

But Marina couldn't hold on for long; she collapsed in the arms of the Beast, waves of lust scrambling her nervous system, deluging her mind in a sweaty sea of erotic delirium; until she could no longer even grip him with her legs, but became limp amidst the grasp of the orgasms. At this point, the Beast positioned her upon her knees, and took her from behind like a bitch, a bitch at the height of her rut. He could see the other mermaids, overcome with lust from the potent elixir he had sprayed from his cock, crawling towards him. Breasts bloated and jiggling as they swelled ever larger, a dynamo of grumbling lust burned in their eyes; as they felt their bodies ripening to contain that cock! Some of them furrowed their brows; Marina knew that they wondered whether the cock-monster was potent enough to pleasure them all: Their were six of them after Marina, could he still remain erect? They needn't have worried.
