 Vincent felt more than a little guilty. "I..I dunno guys, I probably...no, I shouldn't do this." 

"What are you talking about man," said Derek, a quintessential computer-science nerd, and close friend. "These are Fae girls! They don't mind us watching!" He leered with tangible excitement into the crystal ball, on sale at Walmart, as the magics within in revealed an image to make any red-blooded man sweat. "C'mon Vince, it's just a matter of time before some no-nothing politician pushes some law through congress outlawing crystal balls and all other unregistered scrying devices; we've gotta get our money's worth out of this thing!" Derek and the rest of the nerd-squad tittered with glee, for the retail-purchased crystal ball revealed the coveted images of the interior of the girl's shower; specifically the cheer-leader's shower.

"Yes! The image is getting clearer!" howled Jason, the scrawny mathematics major, as he hastily scraped the price-tag off of the shimmering, magical orb. Really though, Vincent couldn't look down on these guys; they may be the nerd squad, but he was certainly a card-carrying member himself. Inspite of himself, he saw clearly the images revealed within the glistening surface. Despite the mist, their slender, svelte frames stood out clearly amidst the soapy lather. They were tall, exceedingly so; the shortest was perhaps only an inch below 6 feet. But that was to be expected. And they were blond; their radiant tresses shimmered with an almost preternatural golden gleam. Well, except for a few with more silvery-platinum hair. Also common. 

"Look at those boobs!" howled Derek, "No wonder they never wear bras!" It was true; fleshy globes of jiggling tit danced buoyantly amidst the watery spray, mounds of femininity bouncing naked in pneumatic defiance of gravity. The smallest pair only a little less in size than bowling balls. Their skin was deeply tanned, yet with strong sprinklings of what seemed to be sparkling glitter, as they should be. And then, one of the beauties turned her back to the pespective of the crystal ball, and her fluffy, feathery white wings ruffled, about the same wingspan as an albatross, seemingly much too small to carry the weight of a humanoid. And like most wings, they were unaffected by the water.

Ever since the Celestial Conjunction, some years ago, the face of female athletics had changed dramatically. With magic possible again, the races from the mystical Land of Fairy had returned to the Earth after a 500-year absence. And on Cheerleading squads across the country, the Valkyries were making their move, strutting their stuff. It seemed natural; the Golden Maidens of Legendary Valhalla proved to be even more enthusiastic cheerleaders than the elf girls that were common elsewhere. Valkyries were among the rarer fae creatures, but highly sought after; many had been awarded scholarships here at Madison University for this very purpose. After the stellar performance of the golden-haired, golden-bodied, sleekly muscled Valkyries, fluttering about with their heavenly wings, with bulging breasts straining the fabric of their skimpy uniforms, even the opposing team wanted Madison University to win. They had almost taken over the entire team; with only two humans and one elf girl besides them, perhaps as charity cases, some suspected.

They seemed to have an almost pathological hunger for male human athletes; not just because male Fae were so incredibly rare, the Valkyries seemed to have a primal need to seek out and mate with human warriors, whatever the century or circumstances. Despite their remarkable performances on the field, turnover rate for these girls was high; no matter what efforts were made by coaches, the golden fae creatures simply could not resist getting impregnated by the football team, or the basketball team. And the baseball team, and the track team, not to mention the golf team. Sometimes several at once; that was a sight!

But this, of course, was as close as these boys would get. These nerds were so extremely, well....nerdy, that even the normally libidinous fae would almost certainly pass them up in favor of more sanguine men. Valkyries scarcely acknowledged the existence of boys like them. Perhaps spying on them like this was a subtle form of revenge; Vincent however, decided against it. The others hardly noticed as he slipped out of the room, on his way up a few floors back to his own room.

He sighed as he passed the lounge on his floor, there was Brock Jefferson, jock-extraordinare, lip-locking with his girlfriend, a red-headed, human beauty, and a graduate student for the Thaumaturgy department, she had to be at least 2 years older, probably 3. But who could resist Brock? He knew someone who might be able to. Perhaps.

**********

"Indeed Vincent, I shall be pleased to assist you in your research of the mythologies of Northern Europe." proclaimed the golden creature sitting on the bunk next to him.

"Please, call me Vince, and I do appreciate it. Mythology has become a lot more complicated recently; with magic and magical races returning to the Earth, it's hard to determine what stories are fable and which are history." It was true; after the Celestial Conjunction, Vince had immediately reread 'A Midsummer Night's Dream', wondering how much Shakespeare really knew.

The tall Valkyrie sitting next to him smiled sheepishly, and dragged her sandal-clad foot on the floor. "Well, many of the legends about Valhalla, are....perhaps...a bit embellished. You see Vincent, my ancient cousins, they did indeed spirit away warriors off of the battlefield, and....well...we used our healing magics to make them whole again, so that we might bear them off to the Land of Fairy, not so much because we appreciated their valor, but rather because we were just so very, very horny." That made sense, Vince thought.

"It was a perfect opportunity; after the carnage of battle, we were able to abduct the men we craved without anyone being alarmed, instead those that saw us thought we represented some heavenly reward."

"Hah! Sounds like a heavenly reward to me! This helps a lot, Valerie. My term paper should be much more persuasive now." For her part, Valerie batted her golden eyelashes; eyes blue as a frozen gem gazed mischeviously at him. Sitting this close to her really got his juices flowing; the Valkyries combined the best traits of California beach-bunnies with female fitness models, and the fact that he was about eye-level with boobs the size of honeydew melons didn't escape his notice either. It was surely his imagination, but through the fabric of her white tank-top, he thought he could see the indentations of erect nipples gradually poking through. He gulped audibly, while his heart raced.

"S-so, your squad will be performing at the half-time show during the Championship game tonight?" Vince asked, changing the subject.

"Indeed! We shall inspire the warriors of Madison University against the opposing force of Hillsborough college, it promises to be an epic battle!" She squeezed her hands together in girlish glee.

"Alright I'll....I'll try to make it. And....I guess I'll let you uh....get back to your football player boyfriend, or whoever he is." Vince mumbled.

"Oh no Vincent, I am not like most of my sisters. Truthfully, brutish and brainless thugs do not appeal to me. I prefer.....warriors of the mind, you might say. Someone to engage my intellect, as well as my loins." Surely she would notice the deep blush engulfing his face. He stood, looking sheepish and uncertain. Yikes she was hot! Well over 6 feet tall, and like many of her race, Valerie had a firm physique of toned musculature which did nothing to detract from the ripe femininity embodied in her jiggling tits, and her wide, womanly hips; which were enhanced more than concealed by her denim cut-offs. Did she like him as more than a friend? Why didn't she make a move?

"Well then, until later Vincent."

"Y-yeah, later."

And Valerie was gone, back to her floor.

Vince still was uncertain. The Fae were supposed to be unrepentent, irrepressible sluts. Their lewd behavior was an affront to human decency, and the wet dream of repressed, teenage boys. Why would Valerie talk to him so often unless she had some interest? He hadn't mentioned her yet to the rest of his nerd-squad, knowing the jealous reaction he would get. Did she mean what she said about not liking jocks? Why then, did she not make a move? Everyone he knew that had encounters with the Races of Fairy confirmed that they all seemed driven by a maniacal sexual instinct, they didn't even need to know the name of a man they found attractive. Any time a guy could get a Fae alone in his room, it was a guaranteed score. Of course, you didn't even need to get them alone, sometimes. Naturally, no bachelor party was complete without one.

"What's wrong with me? I must be the only guy on campus that got a Fae alone in my room without sex." Was this some sort of female mind game? Maybe, but nonetheless, Vince knew he should focus on his term paper.

**********

Life on Earth was more complicated than Valerie suspected. She walked slowly down the hallway, by the lounge on the way to her own room. The buxom Valkyrie had learned the hard way that human emotions were confusing, often treacherous. She knew that she had to be careful when trying to attract a man.

She really was bored with slack-jawed jocks, and had been for many years. How then to pursue the men that truly piqued her interest? Ask any Fae, whether she's an elf, pixie, mermaid, or whatever how to attract a man, and the answer will be simple; all a Fae has to do is rip open her blouse, baring her breasts for the man she fancies. Then hurl yourself at him, pinning him against the wall, and so there is no room for doubt, thrust your hand down the front of his pants and find something to caress. The more thoughtful ones will remind you to kiss him deeply, and thrust your tongue into his mouth. Often times, this was enough. But this Valkyrie had been burned before.

It was her senior year of High school, and Valerie had her eye on the local Chess-team captain. He was dazzlingly brilliant, the thoughtfulness of his ideas and the depths of his passions caused Valerie to melt with lust. He was a skinny one, but few men were as tall and fit as the Maidens of Valhalla, and she didn't think it would be a problem.

After winning the county championship, She decided to reward him. His parents were away, so she hauled him into their bedroom, ripping off his pants as she went, amidst his shocked protests. She cast him upon the bed, tearing open her own shirt to thrust her ample bosoms into the warm light. He looked like a deer in headlights as she tackled him like a lioness in heat. Lost in her own lust, she scarcely noticed his protests at all, and he couldn't have stopped her anyway. Pinned beneath the tender gold of her pumping hips, he lasted longer than she expected, but still blew his load inside her quicker than she might have liked. Still, she enjoyed herself and was ready for another bout, until he shrank away from her.

Apparently, not all men liked to be ravished through brute force. Her lover felt diminished, less a man from the way she forced herself upon him. He wanted to be seduced, not dominated. Perhaps not all men felt this way, but Valerie would have to be more careful. Back with Vincent, her fairy nature told her to rip off her top, thrust boobs into his face, and pin him to his bed, that she might have her way with him. How she yearned to feel his long-repressed cock surging mightily inside her womanly folds! How sh- no. She wouldn't risk it. There was much she did not yet understand about human emotions. Until she gained a clearer knowledge, she shouldn't be so bold with her lusts. Besides, Vincent was a man; did not his loins burn each day with lust? Why has he never so much as caressed her sleek legs? If he craved her, why did he not try to accidentally grasp her breasts? He must be intimidated. 

Almost reflexively, Valerie put a hand to her crotch, groaning with desire as she felt her folds moisten with her arousal. How long before she would feel Vincent's cock invading her inner sanctum? Her other hand rubbed an erect nipple. How long must she wait before his lips would tease her womanly globes? Panting, she grit her teeth, and turned around. And for a moment, she was a hair's-breadth away from storming back into his room, taking hold of him, and forcing Vincent to assuage her fairy lusts whether he wished it or not. But no; if there was one thing she had learned while on Earth, it was to delay gratification. She needed a plan, yes. She was smart enough; and she would use all her abilities to ensure that by the end of the week, she would feel sweet Vincent inside her womanhood, shooting hot gouts of his seed deep into her cunt.

She passed by the lounge on her way to the stairs and saw a red-headed human woman, sitting at a chair in the lounge, apparently asleep. Must have been pulling an all-nighter in preparation for some exam. A gust of wind from the air-conditioner propelled one of her papers in front of Valerie, and as she swiped it away...

"Hold! This....These are notes for a Minor Wish spell!" Her clear blue eyes lit up. The Valkyries could cast spells as easily as any elf, but generally her race focused on martial pursuits, rather than the finer points of magical theory. Few of her kind had access to magic of this power, and among the humans, by law only graduate students in Thaumaturgy were permitted to experiment with potent Wish magic. She could use this! There was a Xerox machine downstairs! She'd copy the page, replace it, and the slumbering human would never know! Giggling softly she scampered away, she could almost feel Vincent's cock even now!

**********

She seemed so content; Valerie's roommate, an exceptionally busty forest nymph sprawled naked upon her bed, body entwined with that of her latest lover, some nameless human she met at a night-club. Even as the pair slumbered, it was clear that the boy's cock was still embedded in the nymph's ass, and a pair of pink panties hung from the lazily spinning ceiling fan. A box of condoms lay on the floor, but none of the units had been unwrapped, Fae hated birth-control.

The Maiden of Valhalla grumbled as she beheld the lurid scene, frustrated that so many men were intimidated by her mighty stature. Well, that's the way it had always been, but no more! Now she...well....was she sure she knew what she was doing? Wishes often backfired, and her original plan, to wish that Vincent became consumed with lust for her could lead to serious consequences. By altering his mind, he might no longer be the man she craved, defeating the whole purpose of wishing. Maybe...maybe she shouldn't tamper with him this way. Instead, she performed the incantation, and wished merely that Vincent should find the sort of woman he'd always wanted. If he truly had no interest in her, maybe this was best. After the sparkling motes of light faded away from the spell, Valerie produced her favorite dildo, burying it to the hilt inside her pussy as she fell asleep, whispering Vincent's name.

**********

What was he going to do? Maybe he should just talk to Valerie, hmm....no that could be embarrasing; she probably was playing some kind of weird, jealousy-inducing game with him, if she was interested at all. Vince took a walk to clear his head and...hey....wait a sec....there she is, that grad student....passed out on the lounge table...and is that what I think it is? It is!! It's a Minor Wish spell! Just laying out here! He'd have to get a degree in Thaumaturgy before anyone would let him get his hands on something like this! It was only a minor wish; it wouldn't bring about World Peace or make him immortal, but it would be enough to have some fun with. Grinning at his good fortune, he ran downstairs to the Xerox machine before the grad student could wake up.

Minutes later, Vince was having second thoughts. Was it fair to turn someone into a sex-slave for your own pleasure? No, no, no....he was as red-blooded as the next guy, but he wouldn't be able to live with himself if he did that to her. No, this whole thing was a bad idea. He sat on his bunk bed as he finished the incantation, and he decided.....well.

"I wish to become whatever would make Valerie happy." A few sparkling motes of light appeared in the air, a sure sign of a successful casting, but Vince didn't feel any different. Which worried and confused him. Maybe the spell's a dud. It's just a bunch of hastily scribbled notes. Probably nothing special. 

**********

He was done with his paper, so Vincent decided to spend a bit of time browsing in the University Bookstore. Shirts, mugs, backpacks, all with the Madison U. logo caught his eye, but he had enough of those. Hmm....what's on the magazine rack....the usual Cosmo, Maxim, and....hold on...up there on the top shelf, yeah! There were the 'adult' magazines. 

Hah! here we go again; once again Playboy was having a 'Human's only' issue, it was as if the new editorial staff felt the need to remind the public that human women were still glamorous and attractive. But as Vince glanced at the cover, he saw that the auburn-haired beauty preening and strutting had a faint, radiant sheen in her hair. Vince was sure that she was magically-augmented herself. Probably a magical perm, and while her breasts were within the range of normal human anatomy, what model didn't get herself magically firmed these days? The woman was human, but Vince was sure that she'd found a spell to boost herself a cupsize or two. The temptation to augment oneself was irresistable to a growing majority of women. It was so much easier than the messy, agonizing, surgical boob-jobs of the old porn stars.

Oh look...someone left open a Penthouse. Their staff had no such illusions; the public craved the glossy, perfected bodies of the fae, and most skin mags delivered. A few new ones had sprung up over the years featuring nothing but the exaggerated anatomy of the fairy creatures that had joined American civilization. On more than one occassion, Vince had surreptitiously purchased a few issues of Spryte, featuring only pixie porn stars.

Hoping no one would notice, he couldn't help but take a glimpse inside at....ahh....there she was. A silver-haired elf baring all on page 20. She was known as Tatianna Tits, of the 4th Phane of the Leanan-Sidhe, and one of many fae that had plunged gleefully into the sordid world of adult entertainment. Though Tatianna was among the most famous. She seemed born for porn, and all accounts indicated that she planned on flaunting her impossible breasts for centuries to come. She was also one of the few porn-queens that regularly dated her fans. 

Like all elves, she had pointed, upswept ears, and her delicate facial features looked as though they had been painted on with a calligraphy brush. Her gargantuan globes were only a little smaller than full-size Halloween pumpkins, with glossy skin the color of liquid alabaster, and Vince couldn't help but gulp. He felt blood rushing behind his ears, and to other places as well. 

As if to complete her mystique of audacious sexuality, Tatianna had a large tattoo on her back, depicting a human woman ripping open her shirt as though to entice some man. That was when the tingling began.

Vince's vision blurred for a moment and he began to feel woozy.....disconnected....It felt like....well, the same as when your leg falls asleep from lack of blood, but all over his body. And then, as quickly as it had begun, the sensation was over, heralded by a throaty moan. And a new sensation.

Vince was cold, strangely cold...as if...his jaw dropped. No wonder he was so cold, he wasn't wearing his clothes! All he saw was a pink string bikini covering massive, buoyant boobs, sleek legs with the lithesome perfection of a Greek statue, and delicate hands with painted nails. He....He felt a thick mane of lustrous hair falling across his back. Silvery hair. Vince was a woman! What the....how in... Other people had begun to stare in slack-jawed amazement; he wasn't sure if anyone saw his....his....transformation, or if they assumed that this gorgeous babe materialized out of thin air.
