 The screams of almost any woman would have drawn Jack; he always wanted to be the gallant type. Though with his pale, scrawny, computer-nerd frame he was often more victim than victor. The fact that the girl had a figure to make the copper statue at Madison University sweat didn’t factor into his decision. And the fact that she was one of the Fae races would have only spurred him on. Too many people mistreated them anyway.

Ever since the Celestial Conjunction that made magic possible again, people have been finding excuses to bully around the Elves, Nymphs, Satyrs, and other faerie creatures that sought refuge on Earth again after all these centuries. Most of them became naturalized citizens, so abusing them was extremely unjust.

They were the Dykes; a radical gang of feminist extremists that violently resented the beautiful, magical fae and their ‘disruptive influences’. The truth was that the Dykes, these two being no exception; were small-breasted, vitriolic shrews that embraced lesbianism as a substitute for the men their bland bodies could never hope to attract. Again, these two were no exception.

Jack had almost forgotten about the Pixies. They were usually so small that they escaped notice. But this one had magicked herself to around 6 feet in height. But despite her human stature, the diaphanous, crystalline wings sprouting from her back through the white tank-top she wore marked her as a magical creature. But that alone was not enough to provoke an attack in broad daylight; even in a back-alley like this.

The Dykes probably didn’t care about her wings, or her exotic, purple hair, or the wispy antennae on her head. It was her wide, birthing hips, toned legs, and porn-star bosom that kindled the rage of the flat-chested lesbians. Her denim short-shorts were scuffed and dirty from falling down in the back-alley. An iron chain was wrapped around her waist, as the chain wielded by the other dyke was about to strike her ample bottom yet again.

“LEAVE HER ALONE!!” Thundered Jack. Mustering all the courage he could find in his 130-pound body. Really, the Dykes were about the same size as he was, plus they were armed!

The first Dyke, a butch-haired brunette with a nose-ring glared at him nervously. Dyke number 2 tensed and awaited a decision.

“Nah, don’t wanna attract a crowd, let’s split sister!” The wiry lesbos took off in the other direction.

Jack helped to gather the pixies’ books. She was a student, like him. He thought he might have seen her on campus once. That was why she was human-sized; it wouldn’t be easy to haul around 40-pounds worth of textbooks at 6-inches in height!

“Th-thank you! That was very brave!” her voice was like a velvet flute. She stood to her full height, a few inches taller than Jack. “They wrapped iron around me, my magic was useless; otherwise I would have shrunk and escaped.” It was common knowledge that the Fae were all very vulnerable to iron; it cancelled their magic, and acted like poison in their bodies.

“No problem, really. It was the least I could do.” Jack puffed out his chest as best he could.

“The bosom-less ones could have mortally wounded me, killed me even had you not stopped by! That was truly heroic of you! I cannot stay, but I musn’t leave without rewarding you.” She sauntered closer to him, and Jack became painfully aware of another rationale for the Pixies’ appearance. The fairy races were in decline, dying out before they reached Earth. Their only hope was to mate with mortal men, bearing children that would have the magical heritage of the Fae, added to the vitality and ambition of mankind.

Her wide hips stretched the confines of the tiny, denim shorts, sculpted legs and cantaloupe-sized tits barely encased in her tank-top created a package that screamed with lusty fertility. He hoped she couldn’t hear his gulp. Despite his attempt at gallantry, he barely noticed her face, eyes shifting between thrusting mammaries, jutting hips, and the slender slope of her legs down to the delicate sandals that cradled her perfect feet. But whatever her face looked like, Jack was sure it was beautiful.

“Hold still, you must allow me to reward you…” she knelt down, reaching for his zipper, and tugging.

“Whoa, wait…I don’t want, well yes, but you don’t have to…I mean I don’t expect…”

“Hush, heroic mortal. It is not what you are thinking. I assure you this will be pleasing.” Soon, his fly was undone, and her silky-soft, fairy fingers were reaching into his underwear. Jack seriously wondered if it was truly impossible for others to hear his thundering heartbeat.

No, it wasn’t what he thinking; if it was he might have been worried that she would be dismayed by the modest size of his male member. She seemed unconcerned, merely cradling his balls in her hand as she freed his entire apparatus, cock and all, from his increasingly confining pants. She studied his manhood with a determined gaze before starting.

She chanted something in a lilting tongue that sounded like a river singing opera. She held balls and cock in her left hand, while waving and gesturing with her right. Curiosity almost overcame the pounding lust within him. Almost. Tiny motes of light appeared around his pants as the chanting continued.

Finally, her pert lips kissed the tip of his member, and then redeposited his erect length back into his pants.

“It is a sort of Summoning spell, rather unique as you’ll discover.” Ms. Pixie grabbed her pack, fluttered her frilly wings, and levitated a few feet above the ground as she flitted away to her 1.p.m. class. Hmm….It was impossible for those tiny wings to support her human stature in flight, it must be more magic.

What did she mean, Summoning spell? She cast some spell upon him? That had him worried. But since he’d just saved her life, it was unthinkable that she would try to hurt him. Would this spell be more fun than a blow-job would have been?

He was just getting to his 1:30 class before it started. Jack shifted uncomfortably as he walked. Yikes! His cock was practically on fire! He felt an almost irresistible urge to ‘jack’ off. There was an incredible weight near his bladder. It was unlike anything he’d ever felt…it was distinctly unnatural, and absolutely unnerving. The strange weight from inside his groin and the burning urge in his cock seemed to grow stronger with every passing moment! He ignored friends that waves to him, gritting his teeth against the thunderous lust that was boiling within him! 

No, no Jack, you are not an animal. You can control yourself. You will go to class and learn something. And that’s that. His mind was in agreement, but his cock was not. The need to jack-off was overwhelming! But no, he couldn’t afford to miss class.

As it turned out, even though he was in the auditorium, even though he could hear the professor speaking, he did miss the lecture. There was no way he could concentrate on Computer science, (As much as he enjoyed it) the way his dick was seething with desire! He could not contain himself, he ran out to make it to the first bathroom in the building. There was no choice any longer, he felt as though his kidneys were trying to pass a bowling ball! And he knew his cock was the only way he could extricate this load! Mercifully, it was unoccupied. Even more mercifully, it was a small room with a single stall and a lock on the door. Perfect. He rubbed his cock like an addict getting a fix of cocaine. Ohh…blessed relief.

It was quicker than other orgasms; unnatural in both speed and intensity. Within 10 seconds, his tortured cock exploded forth! He knew then what the incredible weight bearing down upon his insides was: it was cum. A mountainous deluge of male semen! More jism than a dozen stallions! Gushing torrents of sperm spattered upon the back wall of the small bathroom. It was impossible! There was no way he could have had so much inside him! No way!

He collapsed on the ground, body electrified with sensation as his member blasted like a fire-hose. Within his orgasmic haze, Jack noticed something even more astonishing; his cum was moving, writhing as though alive! In seconds, the oozing mass was large enough to completely engulf the toilet!. The semen swirled and flowed of its own accord, while still more jizz spurted violently from his over-taxed manhood.

Yup. He was crazy. He must be dreaming. If he wasn’t dreaming then that meant that something was moving inside the sloshing blob of semen that had engulfed the far wall. Yes…something…was moving…thrashing…trying to escape? A hand emerged, a torso began to rise…another hand…the being rose from the wriggling glob, and the semen fell away.

But Jack had a fairly swift, intuitive mind. In a flash, he realized what had occurred, what sort of magic had been placed upon him. And he knew who and what this being was that stood before him.

Her skin was a glistening, milky color. Her hair was a glistening mat of blond silk saturated with equal parts sweat and cum. Her face had the elegant sweep of the youthful Fae, delicate features of sublime grace. This elegance was in sharp contrast to the rest of her body. Her belly was what truly captivated him; It was useless to try and determine how far along she was in her pregnancy using human women as a guide; no woman could have ever carried such a vast crop of infants to such a great size, unless some fertility doctor could make a woman 10-months pregnant with sextuplets.

She thrust her ample womb towards him, hands on her hips. As big as she was, there could have been a bean-bag chair inside her and still leave a little room for some human children. Every inch of her bulbous frame was exploding with life. While her navel had popped out, apparently it had been so long ago that the nub seemed in danger of disappearing within the stretched bulge of flesh. Jack could see the ripples in her taut skin as innumerable children kicked violently. It was as though this goddess was so fertile, that she could not give birth fast enough to accommodate her healthy brood.

Her tits added to the image of outrageous fertility, Jack had seen smaller watermelons, as well as thimbles smaller than her golden nipples. These overflowing mammaries constantly oozed a rich mixture of some creamy fluid, it was almost syrupy, like the sort of milk a pregnant whale might have. 

Her hips might have been quite large, but they were partially obscured by her inhuman dome of awesome gravidity. But Jack could see that her legs seemed to dissolve into the swirling mound of writhing semen that had exploded from him. It appeared as though that same semen also oozed in a constant stream from the slippery folds of her wide cunt. Her eyes boiled with an inscrutable mixture of arrogance and lust. But Jack was smart and cunning, and he had already guessed what had happened.

“Uh…um..Are you a genie?”

“Very good, mortal. I am the Genie of the Cock, and you are my Master.” Purred the overpregnant apparition.

“Great! I’ve given a lot of thought about what would happen if I had three wishe-“

“SILENCE!” her belly rippled slightly as she yelled. “It does not work that way; not anymore. Humans often speak before they think. I have had a great deal of experience with your kind, and you often do not understand yourselves well enough to make appropriate wishes.” She was not at all what Jack had expected when he considered the idea of the Genie. She seemed more like an angry Librarian, or Principal.

“Human wishes often backfire against them, they do not phrase their desires properly, and then they blame me when the magic does not act as they expected.”

“B-but I’ve given it a lot of thought…”

“NO! I will not respond to verbal wishes. I have a better method.” The swirling mass of cum oozed closer towards Jack, and the genie with it. “I shall instead read your most subconscious urges; your deepest, most profound desires that your mind may not even be aware of. This way, you will gain your desire, and have no cause for complaint, because what I give you will be what you truly wanted in the first place.”

“Wow, I-I guess that could worrrrURRK!” In a flash, the Genie reached down, and her delicate hand grasped his cock and balls firmly, as though testing them. She nodded, as though something had been communicated between her and his dick. “I guess men really do think with their little heads.” Jack mused.

And then, in a flash, The Genie dissolved. Disappearing into the pile of semen from which she came. The viscous mound writhed and surged, and lunged towards Jack’s dick! In a few shocking seconds of painful pleasure, the entire load of sperm had somehow reinserted itself back inside the glands within Jack’s crotch.

Jack panted heavily. “S-so…what happens next?”

His cock felt incredibly full, but the burning was somewhat less. He resisted the urge to jack-off again, and decided to get some lunch. The cafeteria was fairly sparse, so he sat next to the T.V. while nibbling his veal cutlets and watched the news.

Hmm…it was that new anchorwoman for CNN, that elven babe. Illustriannah, from the 1st Phane of the Leanan-Sidhe. There were rumors that her noble lineage gave her an advantage in applying for the position. CNN denied the rumors, and insisted that the golden-haired, lovely elf was an imminently qualified journalist. She was covering some U.N. summit. Boring stuff. No one seemed to care, so he switched the channel.

Ooh look, Connie Chung was conducting an exclusive interview with WillowSward, the Forest Nymph that was running for the Senate for the Green-Party. She was ahead in the polls. The Fae races, or Para-humans as they were called by scientific types were few in number, but they were a highly successful minority group. Jack couldn’t help but feel a bit of trepidation; was it the fate of America to be someday dominated by eternally-youthful, fairy creatures that sought to breed with mankind? If so, should he be frightened, or delighted? 

For now perhaps, he should be frightened. Without warning, his still-anxious cock jerked violently in his pants! It was leaping with a life of its own, pulsating and surging violently! But why? What madness was he mixed up in? It was like…like….a signal…or a warning? He hoped he could run in to that pixie that enchanted him soon, he wanted to have the option of reversing the spell she put on his cock if things got out of hand. What exactly was the extent of these changes? Would this happen every time he got off? If so, it might be impossible to find sexual relief, if mountains of cum flowed back into him afterwards! Well, for now he would trust the genie; he had a feeling that she would be able to relieve his lust.

As Jack left for his dorm room, he mused that he himself, like America, had a destiny inextricably bound by magic.

He was trying to study when it happened again. His cock, leaped up flaring with life and lust as though warning him. It was difficult enough to concentrate with this new burden of supernatural lust that burned within him, but this was simply intolerable! And that was when he heard the pounding on his door.

“H-Hello?” Jack hoped it was the Pixie girl. He could not have been more disappointed.

“NO!” howled that lesbo dyke from the alley earlier. Both of them were here! They were clutching their flat bodies in agony, as though they had to relieve some horrible, physical need.

“Wh-huh?”

“I WILL NOT GIVE YOU A BLOW-JOB!!” Thundered the brunette. She dashed into his room, gritting her teeth in anguish. Her body, with all the curves of a 12 year-old boy, was tensed with need.

Jack did indeed have a quick mind, but this time all words failed him. The blond dyke, with that same butch haircut almost tackled him.

“Please…please don’t fight me…”she wailed, as she kneeled and began to unzip his fly. “I must…I must….please don’t push me away…” She quivered with delight as she brandished Jack’s engorged cock.

“NOOOOO! WE ARE NOT SLUTS!!” but the brunette dyke also fell to her knees. Driven here by a lust beyond all reason, beyond all logic. Jack could almost see her willpower snap as the magic continued compelling her.

Jack’s mind was trying to make a comeback: Somehow, these wretched bitches had been magically compelled to suck him off. Was this the Genie’s way of granting his subconscious desires? Impossible; he knew he had absolutely no desire for these jealous bullies! It made no sense. Still, her plea was so passionate. Perhaps it was alright. He wondered how he would be able to explain this to his roommate if he were to walk in.

It was not a matter of stimulating him, his cock responded to her mouth like a lock-and-key. In seconds, the flood of semen blasted forth, as though it was meant especially for this not-quite-lesbian with her mouth so greedily enveloping his enlarged manmeat. She yelped with delight. Her body quivered and her eyes narrowed as her body spasmed with pleasure. Apparently, Jack’s cum was the nectar of the gods; so delicious that it became a narcotic experience. She must have swallowed a gallon. Jack couldn’t help but be baffled that he could ever contain so much! Soon, the blond collapsed, her body so consumed with pleasure that she lost all motor control.

Weeping with a mixture of despair and relief, the leader dyke grasped Jack’s ass to provide additional leverage as she buried her face in his crotch, the better to deep-throat him. His jism had never stopped flowing. As her cheeks filled with his juice, the blond next to her summoned up enough presence of mind to lap up a few errant drops of sperm that had spilled upon the carpeted floor.

In seconds, she too was overwhelmed. The taste of his cum overloaded her mind, as she collapsed next to her comrade, but in spite of it all, Jack STILL had that fiery urge for further relief.

It was the tearing that diverted his attention. The blond…she was…growing? Sure enough, her puny legs and thighs seemed to be pulsing, surging with new mass! The stitches on her jeans soon gave way to a fleshy wall of expanded hips. Her pelvis widened in leaps and jumps, popping stitches all the way. Her ass joined in this gross violation of the laws of conservation of matter. Jack knew that science and logic were irrelevant once Fae magic became involved.

Both lesbos filled out impossibly with warm, tender flesh that they were never graced with during adolescence. And Jack was not surprised when they tore off their T-shirts, exposing expanding mounds that exploded with jiggling vitality. As their shirts were destroyed, there was a sense that all vestiges of their past life was torn asunder with them. Titflesh expanded and ballooned on both their chests, there was no bra to rupture, not for these two.

Throaty moans filled the air as the searing tide of orgasmic fury assaulted them from within. Soon, the new mass of their grandiose bosoms had become so large, that they jiggled from their own fleshy weight! They clutched their mountainous tits as the flesh reddened. Gurgles of delight filled the air as the first droplets of milk became evident.

But wait! Their…their bellies! That tiny swell right below the navel had begun, and the rest of their abdomens followed suit. They spread their legs wide as burgeoning bellies swelled with a magical explosion of new life! In a few skin-stretching moments of inflation, the pair became as gravid as women ready to deliver their 9-month payload.

Was it pain, pleasure, fear, or joy that they weeped with? Perhaps all those at once. Jack touched the taut wombs gingerly. Yes…yes…he could sense it instinctively: The children growing within them were magical: They would be Fae. And it struck him then, why this had happened. He had a deep, instinctive urge to right wrongs, and seek justice. What better justice than this? Both of the formerly bitter dykes had been granted the voluptuous figures that they never dared hope for during their adolescence. They were more busty and curvy than any human had a right to be. And now, they were pregnant with fairy children: What better way to atone for the crimes they committed?
