 The following story is fiction. Every character is 18 or over. It has incest and alien encounter of sorts. This is the first part of a multi-part story. Hope you enjoy and can always use feedback to improve my skills and make it more enjoyable for you the reader.

*****

Josh was a small framed boy and never had a good rapport with girls he was to shy as a boy and not much better as a teen he weighed 135 lbs. 6'2" dirty blond hair blue eyes.

Josh had a best friend Bill lived two miles away on a country road actually was his closet next door neighbor. Bill looked similar to Josh 6'3" 145 lbs. blond hair blue eyes.

Josh and Bill have been friends since grade school they shared everything including the thoughts and desires. They had both just turned 18 so girls were foremost on both their minds. Both of them had sisters a year older and of course to them each other sister was the apple of their eyes.

Josh couldn't believe how beautiful Bill's sister Brenda was with her long red hair down to the crack of her ass her tits looked to be 36 b and her legs just didn't quit she had long legs and a short torso and flat stomach. Her eyes were green she looked like maybe 100 lbs 5'9.

Josh sister Julie Had Bills eye she was 5'11" bleached blond blue eyes round Arian face her breast were a good 36 c cup nice flat stomach with shorter legs but well toned.

Josh and Bill used to go swimming back in Josh's farm a swimming hole that was in the wood lot about a mile from the house or a road. Growing up they always swam nude they both liked the feel of the water flowing over their cocks. Sometimes they would get erections and of course each one would see the other they both were about six inches long which they thought was good. 

On some days the sisters would go swimming on the other side of the pound about five hundred feet away and they also swam nude but we couldn't see much because of distance. For us it was enough for us to jerk off too and dream.

The boys Bill and Josh were just entering grade ten and the girls grade eleven. The boys were a year late entering school as their birthdays were in October so they were almost six years old when they started school. Then due to a fever that was going around, when Bill and Josh were in grade five the school was shut down for four months so we all missed another grade. Josh and Bill would be twenty years old graduating high school. Everybody else was at least a year behind, so we weren't too uncomfortable with our age and grade.

Our two sisters were naturally the most popular in school and we were the twerp brothers. That being said we were picked on by the guys and girls trying to win favor with our sisters.

Our sisters at home had our parents wrapped around their fingers which meant us guys ended up doing all the chores. 

CHAPTER 2

This was a typical day in August could here thunder in the back ground then it clouded over from blue sky to dark thunder clouds. I saw a flash of light. I woke up in the ditch moments later. "Christ I could have been killed," Josh thought to himself. He went to stand up and his pants were tight and fell on his face. "What the fuck," Josh said. He looked down and his pants were on backwards zipped up the back his shirt on backwards to. Looking at his crotch he saw a wet spot. Thinking to himself "Oh great I pissed myself to." Reaching down it was sticky. "Fuck I cum," Josh said. Right there on the road he stripped and was putting his pants on when Bill rode by on his bike. 

"Hey what's up bud you playing striptease on the road," seeing his erection. 

"Bill I just left your place. How did you get here so fast?"

"Josh you left my pace three hours ago. It is now four pm. You left my place at noon."

"No way" and Josh showed Bill his watch showing 12:25 pm.

Bill said, "well looks like you had fun looking at the cum on his legs and the erection he still had. Hey man even your cock looks bigger."

Josh said, "great Bill just what I need a jokester. Man I can't go home like this." Josh said, "all this cum was on me and when I woke up with my pants and shirt were on backwards. Plus there is a cum spot where my ass should be." 

Bill Looked and laughed saying, "he was sorry just this whole episode looks crazy. Imagine you riding down the road seeing your best friend with a boner and nude with cum all over him." 

Josh said," Fuck off it ain't funny," but laughed with Bill. 

Bill said, "Let's go to the pond you can wash there and let your pants dry and let that weapon settle down."

CHAPTER 3

Josh got dressed in his cum filled pants. Josh and Bill got on their bikes rode to the pond. Josh jumped in the water clothes and all then stripped in the water washed out his pants and threw them at Bill who hung them over the branch. Josh did the same with his shirt and threw that to Bill also.

Josh walked out of the water and Bill was no longer laughing looking at Josh's cock it was a good eight inches and still hard as a rock.

Bill said, "Josh your cock it has grown and it's still hard." Bill said joking, "You know I am not that way, you can stop thinking of me and let it go soft. Maybe you need to jerk off or something to get that monster to lie down."

Josh looks down, very impressed with the size but scared to. What was happening to him? He now felt weird standing in front of his friend naked while Bill is fully clothed.

Josh says in jest, "Oh yea you're fully clothed and now you want to watch me jerk off eh." With a smile Josh said, "Bill, how about you coming over here and jerk me off."

Without a word Bill walks over and starts jerking Josh off. Josh just let him go figuring it was a joke. Bill doesn't say a word so Josh let him go it felt good not having his hands do it. It was a whole new experience. Josh was really enjoying this, each stoke Bill took on Josh's hard cock, was driving Josh closer to orgasim. After a bit Bill was making Josh orgasim. Josh thought to himself, "that was the best orgasim he ever had is his life and from his best friend to boot."

"I couldn't believe it," Josh thought to himself, "My best friend jerked me off." He shot first rope about six feet and five more ropes after that even the shortest was two feet. Bill stepped back and had a weird look on his face. "What's wrong Bill."

Bill said, "I just jerked you off."

Josh said, "Yea and it felt great."

Bill said, "But I didn't want to, I mean I did want to but it was like I had to. But look it didn't do any good. You are still as hard as a rock."

Josh looked down and said, "Holy shit this is unbelievable. I always get soft after I cum."

Bill said, "Don't look at me I can't be doing it to you unless you're a fag now."

Josh said smiling, "Who's the fag? You just jerked me off. Next Bill you will be down here giving me a real blow job and swallowing my jizz." 

With that Bill came over dropped to his knees and started to suck Josh off. Josh thought to himself, "How could this be, his best friend a fag for him? He would have known after all this time." 

Even though Josh had just cum he was going to cum again. "Fuck," Josh said," this feels great." Oh god Josh thought, "Bill jerking him was something but this was beyond it felt so good." 

Josh tried to hold off from cumming it felt so good he wanted the feeling to last but Bill was driving him to another orgasim with Bills tongue and his sucking.

"Surely Bill would pull off when he started to cum." Josh thought.

Bill let Josh cum in his mouth, rope after rope Josh came. Bill swallowed it all then sucked it for a few more minutes more then he got up and backed off. 

Josh's cock went soft and it was a good six inches soft. Bill meanwhile was licking his lips.

Josh spoke first, "Bill that was fantastic but I had no idea you were like that."

Bill said, "I am not I had to then I wanted to."

Josh said, "Bill your making no sense and you just give me the most wonderful first blow job."

Bill said, "your clothes are dry and your soft big but soft."

Josh went to speak and Bill said, "don't open your mouth let's get dressed and leave please." 

Josh just nodded and figured Bill was embarrassed so he said nothing .We reached the road and Bill stopped as he lived one way Josh lived the opposite way.

Bill said, "Look Josh what happened back there."

Josh interrupted Bill and said, "What was done is done, don't worry Bill." Bill smiled and took off toward his house. 

Josh started riding toward his and he looked at his watch it still only read 12:25pm.

CHAPTER 4

It had to be after six. My sister would have had supper done an hour ago. I was going to have to listen to Julie bitch and belittle me again. 

Mom and dad left yesterday. Our Aunt Millie was dying. They would be gone at least a week maybe more being Moms rich sister and all and Dad working for her as well. 

Oh well at least I didn't have to watch my language Julie my sister was the bitch from hell and her mouth was founded in the sewer.

Josh arrived home and as soon as he walked in the door he apologized saying, "I had an accident with my bike." 

Julie started on Josh saying, "Supper was at five pm not half past six pm. and that if I couldn't drive my bike I should put training wheels on it till I learn how."

Josh walked over to the stove no pot on the stove nothing in the oven. Josh said, "So where is supper?"

Julie laughed "I fed yours to the pigs at least they were here. Maybe you will be on time for breakfast."

Josh said, "bite me Julie" and slapped his ass. Julie got up walked over got on her knees and bit Josh's ass. Josh jumped, "what the fuck." 

Julie backed off and said, "I had to."

Josh thought back to the afternoon and how weird that was and now this. Josh then said, "Make me some supper."

Julie laughed, "Fuck you slime ball."

"Julie," Josh said, "I want you to make me supper." She just sat there in the overstuffed chair and went back to reading her magazine. 

"You can have breakfast if you can get up in time and not jerk yourself off so long you miss that to," said Julie. 

Josh realized that this afternoon was some sort of fluke but he wasn't going to let that bitch get last word in.

Josh was pissed and said, "Julie it is you that will be jerking me off now" and he reached and cupped his balls and shook them at her.

Julie was off her chair and crawled over to Josh and pulled his pants down before Josh had time to react. Julie started jerking him and he got hard Julie was mesmerized by the size of his cock. Josh thought to himself; "Fuck it felt good when Bill did this but Julie a girl doing this each stoke was heaven even if it was his sister."

Josh was amazed and he was starting to put things together and was not going to let this opportunity go to waste. 

"Julie," Josh said, "when I cum you take it all in your mouth and swallow understand?"She nods her head and takes all Josh's cum and swallows it.

Julie then crawls back to her chair. She just looks at me stunned.

Josh said, "Did you enjoy that bitch?" Julie red faced, "you forced me I had to then I wanted to."

Josh said, "I never touched you. Julie you just liked the size and must of wanted it."

"Fuck you no way," Julie said.

Chapter 5

Josh is still standing in the kitchen with his pants down and flaccid cock of six inches hanging. Josh says, "Julie, make me some supper."

"Fuck you" Julie says, again still red faced and embarrassed of what she had just done. This was the first time ever she jerked a guy's cock or tasted cum.

"Julie come over here and kiss my cock and lick my balls," Josh said.

Julie crawls over and starts kissing Josh's cock and licking his balls as it rises to its full nine inches.

Josh said, "Julie take off your top and bra" which she does while licking his balls. Her breasts are beautiful, nice big aerials and her nipples standing at attention. Josh feels down squeezes her breast and twists her nipples she moans but stays at her task.

Josh said, "You can crawl back to your chair." Julie doesn't move just keeps kissing and licking Josh's balls. "Enough bitch" and still she keeps to her task. 

"Julie enough" and she stops and crawls back to her chair. Julie tries to cover her breast and is red face. "How did you make me I had to, and then wanted to and that huge cock but you're my brother?" 

Josh looks at Julie and smiles, "Your mine you bitch." 

"Fuck you" Julie said. 

Josh said, "oh so you want to be fucked eh. 

"Noooo," she pleads. 

Josh said," Julie strip those clothes off now and show me your cunt and tits bitch."

Julie stands and strips spreading her legs as she puts her arms on her the sides of her legs exposing full view of her tits and cunt. 

"Very nice pussy," said Josh. "Now Julie I am hungry and want supper bitch."

"Fuck you I am not your slave," said says Julie. 

"Julie that is exactly what you are." Josh said, "I am your master, you are my slave and shall address me as such when we are alone."

Julie says "I will beat your ass red and castrate you. You are no more than a pervert, I don't know how you did it but no more." and she lunges for me. 

Josh quickly said, "Julie suck my cock!" 

Julie drops to her knees and starts sucking Josh's cock. 

Josh said, "from now on you can never hurt me or try to every time you think you want to hurt me you must beg to suck master's cock.

"From now on whenever possible you will refer to me as master. Julie no matter where Josh is you will treat him with respect." 

Josh said, "You will make no more decisions without first clearing it through your master. The only time you can speak your mind is if I give you permission and then only for 1 minute." Josh said, "from now on when we are in this house alone you shall wear no clothes." Julie is still sucking josh's cock and I say to her, "do you understand slave?" Julie nods her head yes.

About that time Josh was feeling the fantastic tongue of Julie and so far this was the best he ever had. Bill was good but not like Julie. Josh can't hold back and for about the fourth time today he cums and fills her mouth. Josh lets his cum remain in her mouth for a minute then says, "You may swallow slave and Julie drinks it all."

Josh said, "go make supper slave."

Chapter 6

Julie is now moving around the kitchen with her tits bouncing opening the fridge bending over showing her pussy with the light from the fridge highlighting it. 

At least a dozen times while Julie is making supper she said, "master may I suck your cock please I beg you let me suck your cock."

Josh smiled knowing his older sister would like to kill him about now. Josh thinks to himself, "that he has all bases covered." Julie put the food on the table then comes over to the overstuffed chair that Josh was sitting in and said, "Master supper is ready sir." 

Josh got up and went to the table and sat down. "Slave you can now suck me off while I enjoy the food you prepared."

CHAPTER 6 B

Julie went under the table and as per ordered sucked Josh off. Just as Josh cum his fork fell to the floor. Julie had the bastard she drugged Josh's food. Julie come out from under the table and found Josh out cold. She gets on the phone and calls her best friend Brenda to come over alone right away. It took Brenda about thirty minutes when she arrived at Julie's house to walk in and find Julie naked and her brother with his pants down and a huge cock passed out at the table.

Julie explained, "That her dear brother has made her treat him with respect and she could not touch him or hurt him."

Brenda caught on and tied him up and gagged him before Josh could cum around. She took pictures of his cock figuring to blackmail him at least. Brenda had Julie help lift him from the chair to the floor. Julie was able to help because that was not hurting him or disrespecting him. 

Brenda said, "what a prick he is doing this to you."

"No he's not," Julie said, and then said, "master may I suck your cock." 

Brenda said "what is that all about."

Julie said, "He told me anytime I want to hurt him I must beg to suck his cock. I can't though without his permission."

Brenda said, "Where he has got you under his control I am going to tie you to the chair." 

"Yes Brenda please master let me suck your cock," Julie said. Once Brenda had Julie tied she went back to Josh who was still out and touched his huge cock and played with it making it stand proud. Just as Josh was coming around Brenda backhanded his hard cock and he moaned in pain. "Listen you twerp you're going to undo what you did to Julie" whack on his cock again.

Josh moaned in pain. Brenda took her phone and took pictures of Josh's cock with his face in it. Then she took a piece of rope fastened it around his feet and around his neck and told Josh "raise your legs" we he didn't. Brenda squeezed his balls and said, "Do it or lose them." 

Julie said, "Please master may I suck you cock."

Josh quickly raised his legs as Brenda tightened the rope keeping his legs up by his face and this huge cock almost touches his lips. 

"Lick your own cock Josh." Josh couldn't whack went Brenda across his ass.

Julie said, "May I suck your cock master" and every time Julie said this Brenda whacked his ass again. 

Josh couldn't stick out his tongue because he was gagged. Tears were rolling down Josh's eyes from being ass whipped.

Brenda grabbed Josh's cock to see if she could touch Josh's face she tightened the rope around Josh's neck pulling his legs a bit higher bending Josh in two more. Now his cock could touch high up on his nose."Good" Brenda said, and jerked Josh off and his cum went all over his face as she shot video with the camera. She put it to her I cloud account and password protected it. "See that twerp you sick bastard, you're going to release Julie." Whack Whack as Brenda was now welting Josh's ass with a belt. 

Julie said "don't hurt my master, then said please master let me suck your cock," and received another whack from Brenda. "Now you're going to suck your own cock prick." Brenda squeezing his balls he nodded yes.

"Open your mouth as wide as you can," and Josh did. Brenda took Josh's cock shoved it by his mouth then pulled down the gag and shoved his cock in his mouth.

Brenda held it in and said, "suck it and lick it" as she turned the video on."This will make you popular with all the guys especially my football friends. Mymmpp mympp" Josh said.

"Don't hurt my master," Julie said, "Please master may I suck your cock." Whack on Josh's ass and every time Julie said it

Josh got another whack. His ass was numb now and the whacks he no longer felt. Brenda kept his cock in his mouth and if Josh let up sucking or licking for a moment Brenda would squeeze Josh's balls.

Within an hour Brenda said, "You are going to undo what you did to Julie," Josh nodded yes. Then Josh cum as much as he didn't want to he started choking as the position he was in and the amount of cock that was in his mouth. Brenda saw Josh turning blue so took his cock out of Josh's mouth. 

Julie said with panic, "please master let me suck your cock," over and over but Brenda never caught on.

Josh spit his spunk in Brenda's face and said, "Brenda suck my cock."

Julie said, "oh no."

Josh said, "oh yes you bitch."

"Brenda you can never hurt Josh again in any way you may never allow anyone else to hurt me you cannot drug me or allow me to be drugged. Do you understand Brenda?" 

She nodded. "yes."

"Brenda from now on I own you. You are my slave do you understand?" She nodded "yes" as she got my first load of cum I told her to, "just swallow sum keep the rest in your mouth so she can enjoy the flavor of the best cum you will ever taste no other cum will taste as good as mine do you understand?" She nodded "yes."

"Julie you can never drug me again or allow me to be drugged you must protect me with your life do you understand."
