 She should be more mature; There had to be other ways of dealing with people besides sex. Or so Cori suspected. She trilled with delight as the shower spray caressed her ample breasts. It's just that it came so naturally to most Fae. Ever since the Celestial Conjunction that brought magic back to the Earth, the races from the Land of Fairy had returned after centuries of absence, trying to fit in; trying to figure out their place in modern human society.

The cascading water trickled past her golden nipples to the sleek contours of her taut abdomen. Hot droplets splashed across the toned corridors of her flanks and womanly thighs; gathering in drops within the platinum curls guarding the gates of her womanhood. The firm musculature of graceful legs was enveloped in the water that flowed down towards her golden hooves before...Hooves?

Life on Earth was a little confusing for most Unicorns, but Corona of the Elysian fields embraced modern life wholeheartedly. It had been...yeah, almost two years since she had used her natural shape-shifting magic to assume her equine form. She much preferred her current body, that of a ripely voluptuous platinum blond girl, perhaps around the age of 19. Only the mysterious starburst birthmark on her forehead, her cloven hooves shaped like feet clad in slippers, and the luxurious, blond, horse-like tail above the swell of her perky ass revealed her unique heritage.

Yeah, yeah, most unicorns that made the trip back to Earth were supposed to be mystical defenders of nature, and all that. Most of her family had gotten jobs as park rangers, or else had joined GreenPeace, but not Corona. She was pleased with her choices, as her delicate fingers invaded her own slit, tickling the nub atop while grazing her tender folds, in her never-ending quest for orgasm. Why should Cori spend her time galloping through the trackless wilderness when she could stay in the cities, enroll in Madison University? In this place, she could be rode by human stallions. 

What a complex, wondrous country she lived in! It overwhelmed her often; whenever the bosomy unicorn-girl became frightened, or frustrated, whenever she was criticized or confronted, she immediately relied on sex to save her. If her teachers were displeased with her, the bounty of her boobs would be revealed immediately, and her fingers would be down the pants of her accuser, instinctively reaching for genitalia. The fact that she had so much success revealed just how much most humans yearned for sex with the Fae. One time, with her glamour magic, she had managed to start an orgy in the DMV. Feeling those state troopers invading her womanly holes with their turgid rods of manhood had been a much more enjoyable way to earn her Driver's license than passing that dumb test. Was there a better way to deal with the humans?

Maybe not, as she noticed the pair of eyes peering at her from the curtain that separated cubicles in the dormitory girl's shower. It was that new freshman girl, apparently intrested in her. Cori had long ago learned to expect the hatred and jealousy of the average human female, but since she couldn't avoid women, or oppose them, her only real option was to seduce them. It wasn't always easy, but if the Unicorn-girl could only get her tongue on a woman's breasts, she could melt away hostility. And if she could get to her pussy...Heh! Many humans were mistrustful and frightened of the Fae and their magic, until you gave them enough orgasms.

Perhaps Cori could make a new friend. From behind the curtain, she saw a pair of green eyes riveting themselves on her breasts; swaying upon her slender frame like pneumatic bowling balls. So she liked boobs eh? Maybe she was jealous? Let's see what she thinks of these... Cori began chanting a brief spell she'd been working on for several months, the roar of the shower drowned out her words to the other girl.

**********

Lisa felt the stirrings again, she shouldn't have done this, shouldn't have come here! The urges! They were becoming intolerable! Perhaps, that fae girl in the other stall could... Wait a minute...her...her tits! Was it her imagination, or....No, that weird, blond, fae girl with the cute little hooves, her...she...her boobs seemed to be growing before her eyes! They seemed at first to be only a little larger than healthy coconuts, then with a slight bounce and jiggle, they seemed to fill out. Swelling, burgeoning with gravity-defiant ripeness, each mammary expanded with a blossoming creep to a size something like that of a volleyball. Erect nipples swelled to thimble-size, as Lisa gasped in astonishment.

From behind the curtain, the naked freshman beheld breasts enlarging in all directions, until the drapes of annoying vinyl obscured the true grandeur of the fleshy torpedoes that beckoned her. She could not help but part the curtain a bit, to watch enraptured as the valley of creamy cleavage deepened with the inflation of pure titflesh.

"You like?" the fae asked simply. In response, Lisa's tongue darted out and flicked a jutting nipple, crowning breasts that were soon a little past the diameter of dinner-plates, all the while challenging gravity, just as surely as she challenged every rule of decency. The Fairy snarled with lusty delight, hands lashing out as she pinched Lisa's own nipples with a twist! She gasped in shock, jiggling her own lathered boobs, only the size of lettuce-heads.

But the blond....whatever the hell she was bent down, licking Lisa's wet slit, as she grasped her hips and...and...what is this crazed, magical slut up to?

**********

It was Cori's favorite trick, true she never changed into her equine body anymore, but her unicorn powers were still quite useful, as she knelt before an exposed pussy. In seconds, the golden sunburst birthmark upon her forehead began to enlarge, stretch out, becoming a bump, a shaft and...it was a horn! A spiraling horn grew from Cori's forehead, 10 inches long, ready to please. So many women she had driven to ecstasy this way! Her own roommate was especially appreciative. Ignoring the inevitable protests from her lover about the sharp horn, the Unicorn thrust deep. As every other time she had done this, her Unicorn healing magic activated, repairing the damage inflicted by the piercing. Tearing, healing, each wound regenerated magically as soon as it was formed, the feeling was indescribable! 

**********

Lisa's blood boiled with passion like never before, with a savage grunt, she felt the familiar forces building within her, she felt the fires in her cunt, wouldn't be long now! With a howl, she grasped Cori, pulling her free and slamming the fairy against the wall, the fires of her own lust stoked to an impossible degree! Lisa had to have release! This girl, this...this...Unicorn? she would feel the magic that Lisa felt building within her netherlips. Her honey-blonde hair plastered against her scalp from the water, green eyes burned with passionate fury, her trim body quivered violently as the changes began.

"Wh-What the....Wh-huh?" This time, Cori was truly amazed. The freshman girl took a hand off Cori's shoulder, and placed it over her crotch as...as...She screamed savagely as something pushed through her slit, between her fingers. A slick, hardened cock had emerged from the girls' cunt! It was potent, powerful, rigid with lust and as long as Cori's best hung boyfriends!

"I...I don't understand..." the Fae stammered.

"Surpriiiiise! Fae don't have a monopoly on magic these days, honey. My gift and curse." replied the freshman girl, sporting a mighty cock sprouting from the top of her womanly sanctum.

"H-how!??"

"Oh, you know the story, innocent freshmen comes to Madison University, meets a charming satyr. He gives her an enchanted dildo, and a few magical mishaps later, I'm stuck like this for the forseeable future." The tip of her very real dick began to thrust insolently against Cori's naked navel. Gliding downward...down towards the defenseless opening to the Unicorn-girl's sex.

*SCLUCK*!

"RAAAUUNNGH!" roared the human, whose otherwise completely womanly body pressed Cori's against the tiled wall at the side end of the shower.

"I know...I know why guys are such pigs, now!" she began, as Cori spasmed with delight upon being impaled by the excellent cock. *SCLUCK*!"Y-you'd be one too, if you had this thing between your legs! *SCLUCK*! I....I don't normally have a thing for girls...but *SCLUCK*! when I see other girls now, I feel like an stallion in heat! I want to be inside them! All of them! *SCLUCK*! Cori flailed wildly, caressing the tender skin of her lover's back, squeezing her ample ass as the girls' jutting boobs pressed into each other like rams locking horns.*SCLUCK*!

"Cum...cum..." breathed Lisa.

"Cum...in me!" shouted Cori.

"Cumming! NOW!" And she did, The fae's cunt was bathed in a sticky tide of thick sperm, as the bull-cock within her spewed forth its load like a slippery machine gun. Cori's own climax approached, amidst her throaty moans.

"I think...I think my magical curse has made me...*SCLUCK*! hornier than a guy. I...sometimes...I can control this cock, sometimes.*SCLUCK*! It burns inside my cunt most of the time,...*SCLUCK*! It's all I can do to keep it reigned in when I see other women! Like a tiger! A tiger in my pussy! *SCLUCK*!" Her snarls of lust grew more frenzied, as Cori's orgiastic moans grew more primal, while her hooved feet twined around Lisa's ass.

"I want you pregnant! I....I want to knock-up every girl I see! All of them!" It was too much, Corona slipped away, to the floor, her lover's rigid rod bobbing up and down, still hard. Still horny. Lisa grasped her cock, as thick ropes of sperm blasted forth, sprinkling the fae with pools of potent semen, gathering on enormous breasts before the wetness of the shower could wash them away.

"And it never ends! My cock never runs out of sperm! Always more! You don't know...don't know how hard it is...how hard I am!" She fingered her nipples, with one hand on her schlong, as the white spunk continued spewing onto Cori's nubile body.

"Feel it, the Quickening!" It happened to many Fae that conceived under magical conditions. Cori's taut belly bulged out. Soon, it seemed as though she has swallowed too many apples. Then, she grew in seconds a gravid dome of pregnancy topped by a popped-out navel, as unnatural offspring matured rapidly in her fertile, enchanted womb. She clutched her swollen belly, warming with a motherly glow, while her breasts prepared themselves with yet another growth spurt, growing tight with nourishing milk.

"I love it," moaned Lisa. "Love it when another girl bears my young! I want to feel my cock inside every woman on campus! I see your wide hips, and my blood burns because I know you'd make a fine vessel for my seed! And I love pregnant girls!" Lisa was mad, crazed with lust. And Cori loved it too.

Turning over the pregnant fae, Lisa began to enter her doggy-style, thrusting within her still-slick sex with bestial fury. Sweat, cum, and unicorn breast milk from pumpkin-sized boobs dripped down the shower drain. "Feel my spunk! Feel it shoot inside your womb! You horny, fairy bitch! You're my bitch now! Mine!" As part of Lisa's never-ending climax, her rosy nipples also began to dribble thick, pudding-like sperm spattering onto Cori's back. There was truly no end to her lust, no end to her breeding instinct, as baby-making jism spewed from every sexual outlet.

For Cori, there was nothing quite like a belly full of ripening young, and a cunt dripping with semen. There might be a better way than this, but Cori doubted she'd ever find it.

Who else wants a quickie? Any who choose may write their own!