 Thanks of course to xxxecil for the invention of this brilliant world and for providing the opportunity for others to help it grow.

It was with reluctance that Gabby's parents finally agreed to dispatch her off to university. Ever since the Conjunction which brought the Fae races back to Earth, appearing from thin air naked and desperately begging for asylum and a chance to repopulate their dying species, higher education had become a different experience.

The government had swiftly rounded up these magical, lusty, hyper-feminine beings even as they began to pounce on the nearest disbelieving human male. They were all shipped to internment camps for an indefinite period of containment until, not long after, they were released. The nature of the negotiations performed was not made public, but the President claimed that the Fae had been assessed as non-threatening and had been permitted to join human society in exchange for education in how to live among normal people. 

Magic had returned to Earth, but its inherent instability and unpredictability prevented widespread human use. The Fae, in-keeping with the government directive, congregated at university towns and enrolled in degree programs. This was the only place to put them: the ageless Fae largely took on the appearance of girls in their late-teens/early twenties, and no-one thought it a good idea to let them loose on high-schools. 

University life had subsequently become a gauntlet of giggling, jiggling Fae bounty and spells and potions of libido, fertility, lactation and orgasm. Not every girl could get through to their graduation without being transformed into a pathologically horny hyper-slut with a figure to match. The girls worst affected had bodies so suffused with sex magic that they could not resist becoming perpetual breeding-mares, ever-pregnant cum-dumps with appetites to rival the Fae themselves. The majority of career prospects for such willing victims ceased to be reasonable options.

Gabby's home town had had little exposure to the Fae but she was not ignorant of the challenge. As she prepared to leave home she had long since resigned herself to the fact that it was near-impossible for a girl like her to go without a single mass-orgy or (hopefully temporary) breast-enlargement incident during her tenure. She might even have to bear a couple of children, if enchantment precluded abortion. She could cope with that. 

The problem was that she was pretty. She had had her share of attention from boys in high-school but at college, where the delicious and endlessly willing Fae were everywhere, there was a shift in male disposition towards human girls. Still, with her wavy blonde hair and big green eyes she ran the risk of attracting some guy enough to motivate him to "make up the difference" as it were, with potentially disastrous consequences. Humans were not equipped to handle the comedic voluptuousness and flood of sex-hormones a Fae-like body brought with it, and most boys were incompetent with magic! Had she been ugly, the most she would have to worry about would be some particularly zealous forest-nymph deciding that conversion into a statuesque goddess with an irrepressible desire to be mounted like a bitch in heat would be doing her a favour (a good deal less likely than the former scenario). 

If only, she thought to herself, I had been a boy. Boys had it easy. Though by far the most frequent targets of Fae spells, the most a boy had to deal with was waking up ripped like Adonis, sporting a 10-inch hard-on that wouldn't quit all weekend and facing some Fae slut with girlcum trickling down her legs looking at him like he was the last fount of jizz in the universe. He wasn't complaining. As for the supersaturation of his brain with pheromones, well, who could tell the difference? No-one questioned the idea that a ceaselessly horny man could function in adult society. They had learned restraint that the girls, not used to the feeling, couldn't summon. 

Gabby had experienced the perils of coming of age in the new world first-hand. Her elder sister Eliza had come home for Christmas earlier in the year. She was in her third year at Madison, and it was pretty clear from the outset that she'd come down with a case of the sluts. Eliza had winced at her parent's horrified faces as she approached the house, her clothes having some trouble containing her ripened figure, and vastly pregnant belly. Still, she assured them, it could have been worse. No, her mind had not been swamped by obscene pleasure. Yes, she was still the same old Eliza. No, she didn't know who the father was. No, the pregnancy was not magically quickened (much) – she had carried the baby for six months now. Yes, she was keeping it. Yes, it was the only one. 

Gabby's horror had turned to amazement and curiosity as she observed the effects of this, relatively mild, transformation in her sister. Despite her largely successful effort to conceal herself from their parents, Gabby still saw what difficulty Eliza was having keeping her sex in check at home. Her suitcase contained an assortment of vibrators, dildos and plugs, some proclaiming magical enhancement to increase satiation and loss of sexual tension after orgasm. Gabby stayed away from those, she didn't want to lose her appetite completely. She couldn't resist trying out some of the plain-plastic ones, however. 

As she pistoned the buzzing toy in and out of her moistened twat, her free hand clasping her left breast (a modest B-cup in an age of preposterous, gravity defying mega-mams), she considered her own reaction to her sister's condition. Gabby knew she liked both boys and girls but had wondered if this were some confused extension of vanity. She had first considered bisexuality at sixteen, when she realised the sight of her own nude form excited her. She wanted herself, how narcissistic! She should cultivate a little modesty. But still... those curves, those globes, those lips. The sentiment transferred easily onto the stars of her cousin's Fae porn and later, girls at school. Still, it could have been just vanity, right? She licked her tangy essence off the toy and returned to the sitting room.

Now though, she was having to come to terms with an attraction to her magically augmented sister. Eliza was normal around the house and during outings with the family. She displayed no indication of a desire to posture her swollen form before strange men that they might bang her stupid right there in the street. Their mother and father were endlessly relieved. That said, Gabby took to staying up late in her room to listen to Eliza's muffled moans as she desperately sated her raging libido. Worried a missing toy might be noticed, Gabby had to rely on her fingers. Between the sounds of her sister's pleasure and the hot squelching of her own she could usually manage to bring herself off. After a few such nights, however, Gabby found that it wasn't enough. 

She stealthily crept across the hall to her sister's room. One hand was held out for balance in the dark, the other remained busy between her thighs. Eliza's room was softly illuminated by a single bedside lamp, bright enough to make plain the amazing scene. Eliza squatted on all fours, her huge belly brushing the bed sheets as her back arched sensuously, brazenly presenting her fantastic, perfectly rounded and unblemished ass to the world. Her right hand forced the largest vibrator Gabby had ever seen into her sopping cunt, which clenched and blurred as the toy hummed and strained against it. Gabby saw that this was an enchanted model, actively trying to siphon the sex from her sister's pussy that she might remain in control the next day. 

Eliza's rosebud was penetrated by a narrower plug, coated with lubricant that she had spread across her globes and which mingled with her sweat to give her skin an incredible glowing sheen as she writhed. Her moans might have penetrated the entire house were she not busy making love to the third dildo in her mouth, alternately sucking with mastery upon the head and jamming almost the entire length down her throat. 

Gabby had to force much of her fist into her mouth to keep from squealing as the sight gave her the most powerful orgasm of her life. Her pyjama trousers were adhering to her hips with her discharge, and as her legs gave out beneath her in grateful spasm she flopped straight into her sister's bedroom. 

At the sound, Eliza rolled herself onto her back, grunting as her weight forced the butt-plug a final half inch into her backside. Mortified, Gabby slowly raised her head from the carpet to look upon her sister. Eliza was a magnificent sight, still working her holes in this simulated gangbang, though she had removed the dildo from her mouth. Her enhanced swells of smooth titflesh hung above her pregnant belly in defiance of gravity. As Gabby could now see, their lower slopes were streaked with rivulets of fertile milk. Her face was contorted with animal lust. She beckoned. 

Gabby rose as if in a trance, crawled onto the bed which was damp with diverse sexual fluids, to arrive at her sister's panting form. Her gaze was fixed on those twin spheres of unabashed womanhood as she moved her head inwards to suckle. Fastening her soft, plump lips on the teat, and her small hands around the magical udder, she was rewarded with a stream of deliciously fertile milk. Eliza lay one hand gently on the back of her little sister's head, the other across the mound of her belly. "There you go, baby" she cooed softly. With every swallow, Gabby made a small sound of absolute contentment. The pair slowly drifted off to sleep.

*  *  *

Thank God, thought Gabby later, that Eliza wasn't any further gone in her transformation, else that milk would have contained enough endorphins and aphrodisiacal potions to make me at least as sexed-up as her! Fortunately, Eliza's condition stabilised at that level and she was able to live normally, so long as she stayed away from the Fae. Waking in that state the following morning, both sisters thought it best never to mention the incident again. It was an accident, a product of Eliza's extreme, magically induced sexiness. No-one could be expected to resist her in that state, especially bi-curious little sisters. At least they hadn't actually fucked. 

Nightmarish scenarios of Fae-induced incest had swirled around Gabby's mind. Imagine if Eliza's milk had been more potent. What of the child? If she suckled it, it would be as if she had given birth to a Fae: accelerated growth to a state of sexual maturity followed by libido so great it would be outside anyone's control. Gabby doubted that the Fae, if they had parents, would hesitate to fuck them silly. Fertility of that magnitude would easily overcome any in-breeding related defects. They could propagate with themselves like that for generations. Indeed, wasn't that essentially what had happened in Faerie? They had remained healthy for thousands of years!

Gabby shuddered at the thought. Imagine considering your own father a potential sex partner! Ugh!

In the meantime, Eliza had returned to Madison University to finish her history degree (a faculty mercifully free of Fae) and to enrol on sexual suppressant medical trials. She hoped to be relatively back to normal by her due-date. 

Gabby graduated high school and started preparing for her own flight from the nest. She was reading thaumaturgy and phlogistics: the application of magic in industry. This had benefits as an area of study for girls. Few Fae attended: their natural grasp of magic made it unnecessary. It would also be a valuable route towards protecting herself from incidents like the ones that happened to her sister. Gabby knew the value of an open mind when it came to interaction with magic and the Fae. Shun them and they might take offence, but embrace them and, so long as you were careful, you could get away with a sex life that was only a little more outrageous than that of the most hedonistic of pre-Conjunction co-eds. Eliza had been a good example to her in living with the unavoidable risk of super-sexualisation without embarrassing yourself in public or making it impossible for anyone to take you seriously again. 

"Hi, I'm Sammy, I guess we're rooming this year!" said the absurdly beautiful pixie girl on the other bed. Damn, they put me with a Fae, thought Gabby, that makes things trickier. Still, it's not the end of the world, I know what to do. The girl, Sammy, was a vision of cute and curvy loveliness, her blouse buttoned only twice across her tits, leaving her bounteous cleavage and toned belly exposed. She evidently wore no bra. Her jean-skirt was so short the crotch of her bright violet panties was plainly visible; Gabby doubted it would cover her ass fully. Though her wings were concealed, two curling antennae unravelled from her light pink-tinted hairline in friendly expectation. Still, for all this flaunting, Sammy hadn't bothered stating her full Fae name and title, which suggested she was more interested in integration than some. 

"I'm Gabby", she said as brightly as possible and, with a smile, walked over to Sammy and gently grasped her right tit, which yielded so softly it made her nether lips twitch. It was a Fae greeting, with no explicit sexual connotations, but Gabby doubted she would ever be used to such a forward action. Sammy, however, was delighted by this display of both knowledge and open affection and returned the gesture with an even bigger smile. Few indeed were human girls so willing to be friendly to the Fae, who stole all their so-called boyfriends and turned them into irrepressible hypersluts on a whim. Perhaps this Gabby was already liberated without magical assistance...

Gabby began to plan her life in this dorm with this pixie. It wouldn't do for either of them to bring back boys to this room, else she'd be having threesomes every other night and never get any work done. It paid to be nice to Fae – they weren't bad people after all – but actually fucking them was a risk. They tended to get carried away. 

Sammy didn't like this rule but she considered herself an enlightened pixie. She could appreciate a human's desire to be organised and restrained even if she couldn't share it, and Gabby had been very nice to her as they were introduced and made small-talk so she decided to give her the benefit of the doubt. It made no odds to her where she got her cock, if she was staying in boy's rooms all the time so much the better – there were two of them in each room too! 

*  *  *

The first week passed uneventfully enough for Gabby. Sammy was out getting fucked most afternoons, nights and free periods so she generally had the room to herself. She kept up in class easily and made sure to be friendly with Fae, civil with human girls and receptive to boys. Turning boys down was a no-no, who knew what they'd do? Well, they might just go off and find a Fae but Gabby didn't want to avoid sex completely. Where was the fun in that? Besides, the ambient magic flowing about the place kept everyone a little horny at all times, so propositioning was a major part of socialisation from the off. 

She took one boy by the name of Alex out behind the biology building and took his mildly enhanced 7-incher in her wet mouth. He'd gone for width rather than length and Gabby could feel her drool running around his girth and down her neck so she quickly and deftly unbuttoned her blouse to keep it dry. Saliva and precum ran down the valley between her breasts in a thick river. Happily she tongued his tangerine-sized balls and the sensitive skin behind them as she jerked his rod to his happy grunts. She was enjoying herself a little too much, she accosted herself – no-one had even put a spell on her! Alex moaned and came with little warning just as she was repositioning her mouth to take the head inside again. Thick jizz shot from his slit all over her face and upper chest to run down onto her exposed breasts. To her surprise, Gabby had a little mini-orgasm as she felt herself be coated with seed. It felt so good to be so wanton, to be covered in come like a slut that was born to it! She moaned at his taste as she scooped the mixture from her boobs into her white-painted mouth. "Thanks! You're a real babe, you know that?" said Alex, buttoning himself up. He left her to it. 

Gabby got enough of the cum off her face to see where she was going but there was just too much for her to eat. She was damned if she was going to waste it though, it was the tastiest thing she'd ever had in her mouth. She'd made sure his seed wasn't enchanted with aphrodisiacal properties but hadn't checked for a taste enhancement. Clever of him. It left her in a dilemma. No-one could see her here but the couple a few metres away. Some elf girl was wailing as a boy she'd doubtless entranced pounded her from behind. Her massive jiggling swells of tit were true monuments to femininity, it was hardly surprising she had released them. She wasn't wearing much at all, in fact, particularly shameless for a public fuck. 

To get back to her room, Gabby would have to cross a much busier quad, but there was nothing for it but to brazenly stride forward, ignoring the stares of people looking at the cute blonde human girl with her face plastered in cum, tongue occasionally flicking out to catch a drop, bold as could be. No-one could blame her, Gabby thought. She was relieved to see she wasn't the only one, either. 

With proper precautions, Gabby could suck and fuck as often as she wanted, and she wanted often. It was impossible not to with all the stimulation. Any location off the beaten track was full of couples, usually Fae, fucking on the grass. At night, the dorm building resonated with lusty moans and screams. Still, it wouldn't keep her from her studies, and she was in control, that was what was important. University life made these things permissible, but the outside world did not allow such behaviour. She was here only temporarily.

The first truly worrying incident occurred almost halfway through the term, when Gabby was drawn from the safety of her room by an unusual combination of female pleasure-squeals and unearthly moans. Sammy was, for once, uninterested as she had just that minute returned from a marathon fuckfest that had lasted all of Saturday and was content to sit and gestate the brood that doubtless grew within her impossibly gorgeous body. It fell on Gabby to investigate. 

She was met by a quite astonishing sight. The common room had been invaded by a boy under what had to be multiple powerful magical influences. He was naked, and his body grew more muscled and masculine by the minute. His cock was far too large to fit in any hole on any woman, the colossus had to be over two feet long and as wide around as the circumference of a DVD. His enormous testes reached almost to the ground. It was this cock-god who issued the moans that had sounded so. Deep, sonorous bass notes that reverberated off the walls as his monstrous tool flooded cum about the room like a fire hose. Any men in the vicinity had long since vacated in terror to summon the magical containment agency, leaving the room to the Fae. Gabby watched in awe as the rapidly stripping girls were soaked in goo from head to toe, an experience that was obviously intensely pleasurable to them. Their legs gave out from under them and they writhed on the ground pawing at their rapidly enlarging assets. Impossible spheres of pure and turgid tit ruptured blouses and tank tops and jiggled in the air, releasing spurts of Fae sex-milk. Asses swelled from beneath skirts until they looked like enormous water-balloons attached to the girls rear, demanding to be pinched, spanked, bitten, and fucked. The girls appeared to have lost the power of speech, they simply wailed at this deity to fertilise them, spreading their cunt-lips for him to aim his jet at their super-fecund wombs. Many a belly swelled with magically quickened pregnancy.
