 A quick recap of part 1 teen of 18 in high school during summer storm was hit by what looked like lightning. His best friend found him 3 hours later just getting up from a ditch and half-dressed apparently all his clothes were on backwards and he was full of his own sticky cum he thought. They went to the pond to clean up and found that he had powers to command people in sexual acts he made his friend Bill jerk him off and then suck him off. The difference being is they do this but it's like they want to. To the people that were involved they all enjoyed it even though they normally wouldn't. And Josh could give them orders like post hypnotic suggestions only stronger they had to follow these instructions as long as it started under a sex act.

Chapter 12

Julie and Josh's parents were away tending to Mom's sister Aunt Millie. They call every couple days to see how we were getting along and to see if the house was still standing. Mom knew the animosity between us and couldn't believe the attitude change from both of us when she called we were both actually laughing and joking with each other when she called.

Mom was in her early 40's she could pass for Julies older sister say about 23 years old. Aunt Millie was Moms identical twin Last time we seen her she looked like mom if they dressed the same you could not tell them apart. 

She married a rancher in Manitoba who struck oil is what we were told and was killed when a rig exploded from a natural gas explosion Leaving Aunt Millie very well off. In fact Dad worked for her corporation. Aunt Millie was seriously ill looked like death was not far off. 

Mom set up a joint account at TD bank so we had access to groceries pizzas and stuff. Josh, Julie, Bill and Brenda spent most of their time naked and fucking like rabbits. They had the house to themselves and really enjoyed each other company the four of them were inseparable. Josh had another improvement his cock grew another two inches he was now 11 inches hard and 8 inches soft. 

It was Saturday and they all rode their bikes to town about 4 miles to get their hair done and do a bit off shopping for school. We all got to the hair stylist and the girls took over they told the stylist how are hair was to be done Julie even had the stylist add a few more blond streaks to my hair. After we were done the girls took the chair and said, "They would be an hour so we should look at clothes but don't buy just look." 

"Women" I said to Bill "They rule us even now" and we laughed and smiled. Josh told Bill "Let's go to the tailor shop I want a suit." 

Bill looked like I had two heads. "Man what's got into you a suit you planning on dying or something?" 

"Or something" Josh said "looks like there might be a funeral coming up. I might need it for a dance to who knows. Yea right a dance going to a polka somewhere Josh," Bill said. 

"You must like sucking cock," Josh said. 

"Nooo please" said Bill, "Josh I was only joking." 

"So was I Josh said".

Chapter 13

Bill and Josh walked into Tip Top Taylor and were looking at some of the suits when I heard a female voice.

"May I help You Josh and Bill?" We turned there was the beautiful Tanya from school. Tanya was good friends with Julie and Brenda. She was definitely a looker 5'8" b tits toned body jet black hair shoulder length. Nice neck with a pendant hanging from it looked very nice and she was wearing blue blouse and a modest mini shirt tan in color.

Bill tongue was hanging out which got a distained look from her. 

Josh said "I need a suit." 

"Tanya said we have plenty of suits on the rack over there. What size are you Josh." 

Bill Laughed and again getting a sneer from Tanya. 

"I am sorry Tanya but I don't know and I don't think an off the rack suit will fit." 

"Nonsense she said, we have plenty of suits that will fit you. Let me get some quick measurements." She pulled on her pendant which was actually a tape measurement. Tanya measured Josh's shoulders and chest and waist pretty standard she said. Tanya then measured down josh's leg and when she went to measure Josh's in seem she felt his flaccid cock hanging down his leg. She Blushed and said" she needed to measure the other leg" and felt Josh's cock more and now it was starting to rise which see seen the bulge starting. 

Tanya trying to act professional said "any one of these sport coats or suit tops will fit you Josh." 

"Tanya," Josh said, "I need a suit, there is a good chance of a funeral in the near future." 

"Oh Tanya said her face coming back to normal. Look Josh I see you need a Taylor made suit now. Can you come to the dressing room I need some exact measurements." 

"Bill I will be back" and Josh smiled. 

In the dressing room Tanya says "from outside take off your clothes down to your underwear let me know when you're ready."

"Ok" Josh says "ready for you, Tanya."

Tanya comes in and turns beat red Josh is in his shorts but his cock is hanging out his right leg. "My god she says it's huge" Tanya said. 

Josh says "Tanya take it out and play with it and suck me off." 

In no time Tanya is playing with the cock and sucking Josh off. While she is doing this Josh says "you will tell no one about this you may say what a wonderful guy I am and such a huge package but you can't do anything to hurt me or have me hurt you love sucking my cock and crave it. You need it at least once a week and dream of it nightly having this cock fuck you." 

Soon I came in Tanya mouth she swallowed and looked up with puppy dog eyes and smiled.

"You are fantastic," says Tanya, "where have you been hiding all through school?"

Josh says, "You got all my measurements I need this suit by next week."

"Oh yes, and Josh do you have this cock lay on your right side when not in use said Tanya?" Josh thought for a second and then said "Yes I guess I do. I have not really never paid attention to it."

With that Tanya dressed Josh and they both come out of the dressing room. 

Chapter 14

Bill was watching with a smile on his face. Bill said "looks like she is satisfied."

Josh said, "I think so Tanya arm wrapped around Josh's."

Tanya said "I got everything I needed for now except the color for your suit." 

Josh said, "You pick it for a funeral but also for dances girls might want me to go to."

Tanya beamed with joy saying "Yes I am sure girls well want you at the dances."

Josh said, "Thanks Bill for waiting, let's go see our girls" and as they stepped out of the store the two beauties were walking toward them they all hugged. Josh and Bill both commented on their hair how gorgeous they looked.

Julie said, "what you been up to?"

Bill couldn't wait to say "Josh got fitted for a suit by Tanya." Bothe girls looked at Josh with jealousy in their eyes. 

They said together "Tanya eh?"

Josh smiled and said yea it was fun. "She had to get all my measurements so I let her."

Bill broke out laughing the girls looked at him and started laughing to. Julie said "Well let's go back in get you some school clothes."

Brenda said "Here you're kidding?"

"Nope" said Julie "Besides we need to see how she enjoyed our master."

Brenda says our master? I don't think so I am no one's slave. 

Oh you can go without his cock" Julie says? 

Brenda says "Well I suppose not. Ok master lets go" and both girls grab an arm and lead Josh back into the store.

Tanya just stuttered and said, "Hi Julie, Brenda, Bill and Josh you back again." 

Julie said "Need to get these two some school clothes and seeing as how you got my brothers measurements maybe we can get them suitable clothes unless you need to get more leg measurements I am sure you could convince Josh to oblige."

Brenda Julie and Bill laughed. 

Tanya said, "Good friend you are! Why didn't you tell me or you guys keeping him for yourself" as she smiled. 

Brenda said "Would you tell if you had something like master to pleasure you."

Tanya said "Master?"

"Sure" Julie said "What would you call it or maybe you don't want more of him."

"He might be good even fantastic but no not my master," Tanya said. 

"Ok" they said and laughed. Brenda said "We need some sharp outfits these guys are no longer out cast but in crowd with us." Tanya went over to Bill and took his measurements and done his inseam and felt his normal 6 inch cock."

"Mm" Bill said "Feels nice Tanya." 

Tanya just looked up and smiled "Perks of the job."

"Girls' normal size for Bill anything on those two racks will fit him but all Josh's pants got to be tailored" Tanya said, "Unless we want him displaying that magnificent package."

Josh says, "Great, so now I go from Geek to Freak".

"Oh my poor master you're not a freak, you're the best no one not even a porn star can match what you do to us" and Brenda kisses him passionately. 

Tanya seeing this said, Brenda "I am sorry, I didn't know he was yours. I wouldn't tramp on my best friend's man." 

Julie then grabs Josh and passionately kisses him and turns to Tanya "We don't have exclusive rights to Josh. He is our master he chooses who he wants to have fun with and we must except that."

Tanya said "Oh I see, I think she, says puzzled but lets it go."

After a while they had Bill outfitted and also a bunch of tops for Josh Tanya said "I will make his pants myself and hope he will have to come by so I can fit him." 

Josh quickly said "You will have to come to our house no one but us live there for the next few weeks." 

Tanya said "if it's ok with Julie and Brenda." 

Brenda and Julie went and hugged Tanya "Welcome to the family. We will see you tonight then. Fuck that" she said and makes a call. Her boss comes back from brake and said "She was hired to do a personnel job and just made the biggest store sale of the week and was taking time off."

We left the store; the girls said "You guys need new sneakers and shoes. God how did you ever get by without us" Julie said. 

Bill said, "Don't you remember we were the outcast." 

Arm in arm they walked down the street Bill decked out in his new clothes looked sharp and Josh had some cool top on but couldn't do much with his jeans.

Chapter 15

After we got our shoes we were getting hungry so we stopped at the local diner for something to eat. 

Josh said, "I got to go to the computer store for some parts it clear the other side of town I will be back by the time you finish lunch Just get me a sandwich I will eat on the way home."

Josh arrived at the computer shop picked up his web cam and some portable drives. Josh was heading back when it got dark lightning all around him. "Oh no he said" and then woke up in the ditch with Bill standing over him. Bill Said "Look at you again."

"What" Josh said and when he went to stand he fell, his pants on backwards cum stains all over his pants chest new shirt that also was on backwards.

"All three girls are looking for you including Brad and Jim. What are you talking about it's only been a few minutes" Josh said. "Think again old buddy this is Thursday morning. We left you Wednesday afternoon you are back where I fund you the first time." 

Bill took out his cell and called Julie, Brad, Brenda and Jim saying "You were found." Tanya was with Brad looking. "We were going to call the police but figured we would wait they wouldn't believe us anyway" Bill said. 

Josh just had his hands in his face and was bawling crying like a child. 

"Come on buddy let me help you get out of these clothes" said Bill. "See buddy back a few minutes and I am already trying to get into your pants."

Josh was coming round and wrapped his arm around Bill "I love you Man."

Bill Said "I am not that way" and holds his hand out like a fag "oh Mr. Josh I am not gay" in a girlish voice. That brought a smile to Josh's face. Josh was drenched in cum his or someone else's who knows. 

Bill got his pants turned around didn't mention Josh's cock size figured he had enough to deal with. Bill gives him his shirt and tied his around his waist. 

Josh said "Bill what's that for?" 

Bill said, "So it will dry on the way home. You don't think I was going to tie it around mine did you" smiling? Bill and Josh got home Julie was there.

Chapter 16

Bill told her "Run a bubble bath now." Julie ran to the tub was filling it when Bill was helping Josh to the tub. Julie looked with shock. Bill gave her the, be quiet look.

Julie went to get Josh some gator aid while Bill washed Josh's back and then started massaging Josh's shoulders.

Josh said, "mm nice having a male slave Bill." 

"Yes Master" Bill said. Bill thought, where did that come from. "Master," Bill said "Do you remember anything? No Bill not a thing nothing just a blank like I was not even gone." 

"Master, that is strange," Bill said.

Josh said, "What's with the master bit Bill?" 

"Master I don't know I can't call you anything else." 

Josh said "You were ok when we got home. So what happened after that you put me in tub washed my back and massaged my shoulders." Then I said "it was nice to have a male slave. Dam it" Josh said. "Bill you are no longer a male slave. Ok say something." 

Bill said, "I guess you need to watch what you say Josh." 

Guess so, Josh looked in the mirror while drying off. "Holy shit, look at this its huge fuck fuck fuck I am becoming a freak hell I am a freak." 

Julie rushes over to me "Josh it's alright just a bigger pole to ride." Julie drops to her knees and starts sucking Josh's cock to a full 12 inches. She rides his pole from the standing position soon has Josh cumming so much cum it runs down her leg 

Bill drops to his knees the smell is sweat and addictive. Bill reaches out and licks the cum from Julies leg, "God that's good" he said and when Julie comes off Josh's cock Bill eats Julie out. 

Bill then turns and starts to suck Joshes cock. Bill cleans Josh's cock and even licks he pee hole for more. 

"What you doing Bill," says Josh, choosing his words carefully.

Bill says "Josh this cum is delicious the smell is an enchanting and an aphrodisiac." 

"Oh great so now I have my best male friend wanting my cum" Josh thought.

About this time the rest of the gang showed up Brenda and Tanya took one look and were on their knees

"Hey am I the only one nude here" Josh said.

Within a minute everyone was nude and Tanya was on my cock while Brad licked my balls I cum inside of Tanya and Jim was eating her out while Brenda rode Josh and soon he cum again.

Brad was eating Brenda out. Julie wasted no time and was sucking Josh's pole and Bill joined her and they both shared his cum Brad seen Bill and was next in line to suck Josh off then Jim sucked Josh off. Josh got up and opened the door to let the smell of sex clear the house. 

CHAPTER 17

Julie and Brenda came out on the porch arms around me "We love you master." Soon we were all nude on the front porch. Tanya said "What are those two doing here," looking at Brad and Jim. 

Brenda said "They are here for our entertainment. Sure master show her." 

Josh says "Jim, fuck Brad until you both cum and Jim fucks him missionary style."

Tanya says "Eww he's fucking him up the ass, gross." 

"Tanya," Josh says;"Go ride Bill up your ass till you cum twice." Tanya goes over and rides Bill with his cock up her ass. 

Julie looks at Josh saying "that's my boyfriend master. Yes Julie" Josh said "now sit back and enjoy the view."

"Brenda come over here and pleasure Julie while you both watch Bill and make Julie cum at the same time."

"Yes master," as Brenda sinks her fingers into her friend's pussy for the first time. They all cum at the same time and Brenda really getting off making her friend Julie cum. Julie couldn't believe how good it felt having her friend's finger up her pussy tantalizing her G spot. 

After that episode, Brad and Jim left. Tanya went to work on Josh's pants with the new measurements of course she sucked him off so she could get soft and hard to make the correct pants.

That night Josh slept and kept waking up. Brenda was exhausted from me fucking her, and as she fell fast asleep Julie and Bill were sucking me off. Josh cum but they kept sucking wanting more. 

Josh got up it was early in the morning about 5 am he went to the porch and his cock kept slapping his legs as he walked. "Going have to get used to that," Josh thought. 

While sitting on the porch a car went by and he heard a yelp on the road. Josh still naked ran across the yard with his cock swinging hitting his leg reached the road and found a small dog lying on the road. He was alive but looked like his leg was broken. The dog had no collar or tag. Josh brought him back to the deck pulled a cushion off a chair and laid him on the porch. 

Josh figured in the morning he would take the dog to the vet. He sat on the porch with the dog his head on Josh's lap. Josh fell asleep being used most of the night and whatever ordeal he was through from the Alien. Next he felt he was going to cum again someone was sucking him off. Just as Josh was cumming he opened his eyes and it was Bill sucking him off. Josh pushed him off and Josh cum went to the deck and pillow the dog was lying on the dog that licked his cum off the pillow. 

Bill was only half awake Josh woke him and he was embarrassed. "Bill straight talk what is going on? You never been gay but it seems' like you enjoy sucking my cock. Are you gay?"

"No Josh I don't know I really enjoy your cum" Bill said. "It is not that I want to suck your cock but I need your cum." 

"Need Josh says'?"

Bill said "It is different I don't know why but it is the best thing I have ever tasted if that makes me your fag then so be it I am your personnel fag."

"Bill is there anything I can do," said Josh. 

Bill said "look my friend I have been diagnosed with kidney disease they say I will need a new one by Christmas so my life expediency is short due to the my rare blood type."

Josh said "It can't be, we share everything you never said a word."

Bill said, "I am sorry but I didn't want your sympathy I wanted your friendship."

Josh grabbed Bill hugged him said, "you can have all my cum and my kidney if it will work." 

Bill said "Thanks bud but I would rather have that big cock of yours to feed the girls and then being that long I could suck myself off." Bill reached for Josh's cock and brought it up to Josh's lips "see how easy that is friend." 

"You're incorrigible Bill," Josh said. Josh held Bill in his arms and fell asleep. In the morning Josh woke up to a dog licking his face. Josh looked at the dog he was on all four paws. The dog had a bit of a limp but was walking putting weight on his leg. 

No way Josh thought his leg was broke he was sure of it.

Chapter 18

Bill and Josh got up and just before going inside Bill said Josh "this stays between us." I grabbed his hand and squeezed our old time way of communicating giving our word. Bill smiled and went to Julie and French kissed her squeezing her ass cheeks. 

Julie says "someone is horny this morning" smiling at Bill.

Bill said, "always for you my beautiful blond angel" and they passionately kissed and were fucking each other right in the kitchen.

Brenda came out looked at them said to Josh, "looks like they are horny. With a body like yours" Josh said "It's not hard to be horny." 

Brenda jumped on Josh and they were screwing in less than a minute Josh came in Brenda so hard the cum run down her legs and on the floor Brenda rolled on top of me and rode me through 3 orgasms I cum in her each time exhausted she fell to the floor as the cum flowed out onto the floor.

Josh looked over and Bills eyes were like it was pure cocaine on the floor so while he was fucking my sister Josh walked over to him and said "fuck my sister and blow me slut". Bill took my cock into his mouth.
