 "The biggest tits on Campus; I guarantee!" sneered the filthy-looking Satyr as he handed over the small, glass bottle. Catalina gingerly dropped the 100$ bill into his calloused hand. She wasn't surprised as he skittered out of sight down the gloomy alley, clutching his prize and snickering to himself.

And he probably should snicker; what the desperate sophomore was doing was nothing if not foolhardy. She'd been warned; they'd all been warned about the dangers of cosmetic magic. But Catalina had given the matter considerable thought, and she was determined; there was no backing out now. The streetlights cast pale haloes upon the tops of her olive-tan breasts as they jutted upwards above her black tank-top. And these bulging globes were the reason she was even here.

Years ago, it wouldn't have mattered, and Catalina would have been content; she wasn't at all bad-looking. Good, curvy figure, slick, raven-black hair, and healthy tits bordering on a D-cup. But today, even that wasn't enough. She wasn't one of those flat-as-aboard stick-figure girls that routinely sold their souls for more womanly curves, but Catalina was no longer unique, no longer exceptional. Not since the coming of the Fae.

Though the sultry latina didn't realize it at the time, the Celestial Conjunction had doomed her sex-life from the start. But like everyone else, she had been amazed at the new magic that became possible; the result of a unique, arcane alignment of heavenly bodies earlier in the 21st century. And of course, with magic returning to the Earth, the legendary Fairy races, known collectively as the Fae returned with it.

Yes, yes, they all said that the magic in the Kingdom of Fairy was failing, that they were losing their powers and dying out, and their only hope was to replenish their bloodlines. Translation: A bunch of magical sluts arrived to steal all the good men! And curvy though she was, Catalina was definitely, absolutely human. But just being human didn't seem like enough anymore, as she had learned during her high-school years; after that gang of forest nymphs moved into her town, as well as every red-blooded boy in the Tri-state area. She knew that her complaint was a common one; nothing at all unique or unusual about her sitution. It seemed like half the human girls at Madison University had the exact same story she did, you know the one:

You find your boyfriend on the hill, at the make-out spot that was supposed to belong to the both of you; but instead he's got his lips lathering up the gigantic boobs of that pixie transfer-student that arrived last week. Yes, yes, he's supposed to chase after you claiming that it's not what it looks like, when it obviously is. But he didn't even do that; there was denying the obvious; the Fae girl had her pretty little hand around his erect cock, and so they just stared. They couldn't claim it wasn't what it looked like, and he didn't chase after Catalina. That of course, was because she didn't have a magically voluptuous body that looked like it should belong to a comic-book heroine. They both found what they wanted; there was nothing more to be said.

The obvious solution of course, was to get one. As far too many women did. There were spells, amulets, and incantations floating around that could do what Mother Nature could never, ever be coaxed into doing. Network newscasts routinely featured magically-enhanced anchor-babes with perfect, glossy skin, radiant, silky hair that never needed trimming or styling, and it was rare indeed to see a movie-starlet that didn't have breasts bigger than her own head. Yes, the clinical magicians could accomplish great things, but naturally there was a downside. The potions didn't always work, sometimes spells backfired. The best, most expensive magicians were trustworthy, but there were many, many places to get the 'Glammed-up' figure that so many women craved.

Aside from fancy boutiques, there would always be back-alley wizards, dubious spell-formulae passed around over the Internet, and obviously, skid-row Satyrs peddling mysterious potions. For those not able to afford the pricey professionals, the risks were....abundant, to say the least.

Catalina would never forget that poor girl in her Constitutional Law class, her name was Violet or something. The poor girl had obviously suffered from a spell that did not meet FDA approval. She had the most ridiculously gigantic boobs she'd ever seen in public. The wobbly globes hung off her chest like Standard Beachballs! Well, no...actually maybe a few inches bigger than that, come to think of it. Violet was athletic, and she had to be just to walk with those whoppers on her chest. It looked like the poor girl might still be growing! As it was she had to wear a super-industrial strength seat-belt-strap bra, just to reign in the jiggling mass of her monstrous mammaries.

Not that this was unheard of, Violet wasn't the first woman to get a runaway boob spell, and she certainly wouldn't be the last. Most of the time, these girls were too ashamed to ever show themselves in public. They would find some sympathetic husband, and find jobs that never required them to leave the house. At least Violet had clearly decided not to let anything hold her down; not even 40lbs breasts. Catalina had a lot of respect for her courage, but was she willing to suffer the same fate? All too common these days.

Of course, magical body changes couldn't be altered through surgery; the body would instantly regenerate. Magic could only be cured by more magic, but this often caused the spell to backfire further, and well....only a clinical magician had any hope of reversing these disasters. But often, the process was painful and risky; and most professionals wouldn't attempt it on conditions that weren't life-threatening. So Violet was stuck that way for now. Would Catalina soon be in her shoes? (or bra?)

It was stupid to try out breast potions from some back-alley Satyr, but she needed an edge! She needed to be unique! The troubled girl remembered with some bemusement those days in her early high-school years, when the boys used to treat her as some sort of delicate, exotic flower, since there were very few hispanics from her hometown, and how annoyed she used to be. Until the nymphs, elves, and pixies should up. The fact that the overwhelming majority of all Fae were female tipped the balance against her, and all the sudden, Catalina was not unique or interesting at all. She was simply human. Almost all human girls had similar complaints. Quite common. But Catalina didn't want to be common. She wanted...needed to be unique again! The potion she'd bought came in a dark-blue, unmarked, glass bottle, and was a little dirty. Probably made with ambiguous spell-parameters, and likely cobbled together with half-baked, untested components. She'd have to be crazy to risk it! But Catalina needed to be special; she needed an edge! An edge over that dripping slut of a roommate!

*********

"So uhhm...don't take this the wrong way but, uh...what species are you?" said Jim, the guy from the fraternity while reclining in the cafeteria upon finishing dinner.

"I am a Water Nymph, we call ourselves Naiads. Not many remember my race, but in ancient times we were known as Sirens." replied the cheerful, bright-eyed, and blue-haired Fae girl sitting across from Jim.

"Ooh...I remember you girls from my mythology class!" Jim exclaimed, looking upwards in recollection. "Yeah, aren't you the ones that sang songs and lured sailors to their deaths at sea?" The fairy's expression darkened visibly.

"Only some of us!" she yelped in anger. "Some of my cousins spent too much time in the deep ocean, and they just...they became so horny that they just got carried away! I....We never meant to hurt anyone!" pouted the lithesome nymph.   

"Heh, alright no offense. It was a long time ago; I forgive you Shelly." Jim placed his firm, dark-skinned hand over her delicate fingers. 

"You humans will never let us forget that will you? Well I...I hope you're not angry..?" Her wide eyes were so intensely blue that they seemed almost irridescent, her wide and pouty lips parted slightly, at the feel of the human's powerful hand over her own. He was one of the black humans, nothing like him in the land of Fairy, and Shelly was enamoured. She felt her pussy begin to throb already.

Jim for his part was always a little shy around the Fae. He'd gone to a big-city high school, and had been around them for years, but their magical abilities and strange behaviours were still a little bizarre to him. Shelly for instance; the first time he saw her from afar, he thought that she must have just gotten out of a pool. Maybe someone splashed her as part of some fraternity prank. But no; for some reason, the girl always seemed to be hot and sweaty. 

Glistening moisture dribbled down her statuesque, nearly 6-foot frame constantly. It didn't seem to matter what the weather was; today it was no more than 60 degrees outside, almost autumn. Yet Shelly always looked flush and moist as though she had just run a marathon. Every day, all the time, her trim body had a sheen of sultry wetness. 

And all throughout their talk, she seemed to be complaining of the heat. Of course, she wore the flimsiest, thinnest white clothes she could find. The enormous press of her wet whoppers distended her bathrobe, exposing a dangerous amount of glistening cleavage. Yes, they were in public, but Shelly seemed to have great difficulty grasping the laws concerning indecent exposure; many Fae did.

Hmm....but she was a Water Nymph eh? Well, it seemed more logical in that case. And Jim couldn't help but think of her when the time came for the Tau-Iota-Tau Summer-Farewell Wet-T-shirt contest. For the blushing siren, it seemed like almost all clothing was an unfortunate burden. During their discussion, Jim's resilient cock had refused to deflate. It didn't help how Shelly kept insisting how hot it was in here, (About 60 degrees Fahrenheit) and pining away about how much she would love to cast off her clothes to 'free-up' her breasts.

Jim's eyes couldn't help but trace the winding journey of a watery droplet as it traveled in a tiny rivulet down the center of her chest, creeping in the moist valley between the EE+cup, mountainous globes on either side. Downward...level with her jutting nipples... past the deep shadow beneath...

"Jim? I was just saying that I'd love to go to your wet T-shirt contest!" She smiled wryly as she noticed where his eyes were.

"G-huh? Y-yeah, great! But uhm...in the meantime...um..can I ask you something?" Jim had always wondered about this.

"Anything!" she purred.

"In the meantime, uuhm...why don't you ever wear a bra?" Her moist, pouty lips frowned in confusion.

"Bra? Is that some new cultural fashion trend? I'm afraid I don't often keep up with fads." Her deep, deep blue eyes were genuinely puzzled.

"Nevermind. Um....I guess..." Jim noticed that smell again! For some reason....wait...it must be her. Strangely enough, Shelly smelled impossibly of.... some sweet, sugary scent, like vanilla wildflowers if there was such a thing. How odd. 

"Hmm....You're probably noticing my scent; that's natural. I think....the scientific name is phermones, or some such. I know how hard your cock is now, it's alright; that's supposed to happen." She replied, as though reading his mind. She thrust her jiggly bounty further towards his face. "Do you not desire to taste me?" Her heart beat frantically with anticipation!

"Gu-uh-uh N-n, I-I think I'd better work on my Chemistry now, uhm...I-I'll call you." Jim hastily left the table, trying to conceal the conspicuous bulge in his pants. He aready had a girlfriend! And he couldn't....well he might cheat but....well....not easily and....well maybe but not....Jim was certainly a red-blooded male, but he tried to be a decent guy. Wet T-shirt contests notwithstanding. He didn't want to be a sleazy guy that cheated on his girl at every opportunity. The whole Wet T-shirt thing was only for his frat buddies. Yes, that was it. Just for his buddies. Yes. He kept telling himself that, as he headed for the nearest bathroom to frantically gratify himself.

"By Neptune! There is still so much I do not understand about Earth!" whined Shelly, Putting her hands in her slicked hair. "I-I simply do not understand their notions of sexual restraint! But I came closer that time!"

**********

"He was a cute one," Opined Shelly as she fanned herself with her left hand while reclining on a dorm-room bunk bed. Jim made her sweat even more than usual, and the thought of him, well....him and the rest of his frat brothers, all of them staring, yearning after her voluminous boobs...made her already moist pussy wetter still with libidinous hunger. "But I...I think I messed up. I was too forward, there is still much about human emotions that I fear I do not grasp." moaned the busty naiad, as she allowed her robe to fall open, tantalizingly exposing the ocean of pleasure between her toned thighs. 

"You'll get him soon enough," said the elf sitting next to her on the bunk bed. Morganna wasn't her roommate, but she was still a very good friend. As usual, she seemed incensed and flustered, but that was to be expected. As a dark elf, Morganna's people were outcasts amongst many Fae, but since coming to America, they had all learned new ideas of racial tolerance, still new to them, but it prevented the other elves from overtly expressing their disdain for Morganna and her dark kin. "One thing we both understand is lust! It won't save you in the end, though." declared the elf, her shining eyes like starlight amidst the backdrop of her ink-black face; elegant as a porcelein statue. 

Shelly wasn't surprised by the elf's skepticism, that's just how she was. But Sirens were also a bit suspect amongst many Fae, and so Morganna was one of the few fairy fairy creatures that would ever befriend the sweaty water-nymph. The dark elf wore her ennui well however, gravitating immediately to a more nihilistic human subculture. Canteloupe-sized breasts threatened to burst free from the tattered remnants of a Marilyn Manson shirt converted to a tank-top, exposing the gold navel ring embedded in supple skin as black as a starless night. 

Sighing, Shelly turned her attention to the T.V. screen in Morganna's room. The elf had made a run to Blockbuster and rented 'X-men' on DVD. Magneto was saying something about humans never treating mutants as equals, or somesuch. 

"He's right you know," declared Morganna, whipping her head around to fix her silvery gaze upon her naiad friend. Her snow-white hair drifted like a cascade of defeated dreams slumping luridly upon the shadowy canvass of failed hopes. "The humans will never accept us, never completely. We are not human, and we will always be the Outsiders, the Others," The florescent dorm room lights sparkled upon the many earings festooning her sharply pointed, upswept ears, thrusting like twin spires of gothic gloom in defiance against the souless backdrop of callous modernity. "What some of us deny, I embrace! You and I, Shelly, and all Fae are irrepressible sluts! We will never be able to restrain the fairy lust the boils in our blood. It is our nature."

"I...I don't think-"

"HAH! You're as bad as Professor Xavier!" She stood up off the bed, gesturing theatrically at the moist, nublie nymph. "Human women hate us too much! They will always loathe us, because we cannot help but steal their men! Tell me, do you have a real boyfriend?" She asked. Her sleek legs glinted like sculptured ebony in the light, ripped denim short-shorts flirted dangerously with the foolish human laws against indecent exposure.

"Oh yes; I have many, many boyfriends! All you need do to find acceptance is to accept a man's cock inside you! It's just....there are so many men here...with such hard cocks....that I...I've never been able to choose just one! It-It's not that I don't love them, I love them all! Often!" twittered the sweaty siren amidst a mischievious smile. 

"I'm sure you do, and that is why we are doomed. There are far more of them than us, and someday, human women will succeed in their attempts to destroy us!" As Morganna continued, she shoved the DVD remote into the bulging depths of her dark cleavage, where it stayed in place, held by ample globes of feminine fertility. Her hands free, she could continue with her grandiose gestures. The remote held firmly between night-black breasts that defied gravity as surely as her weeping soul defied the uncaring society ensnaring them all, hopelessly resisting the machine of civilization with the futile determination of the Shakespearian tragic hero.

"You stole your roommate's boyfriend, did you not?" Arms akimbo, she confronted Shelly.

"Oh no! I-I never meant to steal anyone!" protested Shelly, eyes widening like cerulean pools of liquid passion. "It's just that...when he looked at me like that, my nipples became so hard, so firmly erect." The dripping nymph began to breathe huskily. "Just the brush of his hands sent jolts of pleasure through me! The more we chatted, the greater became the anguish between my thighs! The fires built deep in my womanhood, unquenchable by anything but his turgid manmeat! When I felt him enter me, I....I..." Words failed her then, as she panted furiously, a hand within her robe grazing over the glistening folds of her sex as she relived her latest encounter.

"No words are needed sister, I understand your joy all too well."

"I don't even remember really how it started, or what was said; it just happened! I was never trying to steal anything, or anyone." confessed Shelly. As Morganna responded, she had the air of an attorney raking a witness over the coals.

"You don't understand the jealousy of the human female, no Fae can truly appreciate it. There is so much about humanity that we will never understand; even I am still puzzled." stated the pacing dark elf.

"Puzzled how?" asked Shelly, allowing more of her robe to fall open, revealing the barest glimpse of her golden aureoles.

"For some reason, everywhere I go, there are always boys who ask me if I worship spiders! What's that about?" The dark elf furrowed her brow. Shelly merely shrugged in mutual confusion.

"The point is that we can never belong here, and yet Earth is the only place where we can survive! Even now Shelly, your human roommate is surely plotting revenge! Mark my words! She will make you sorry for your fairy nature!" A sable-black finger leveled at the nymph. Well, Morganna was a theatre major, her outbursts were not surprising, and many dark elves tended to be overly cynical. But Shelly could not deny the anger she'd seen from human women, and all she'd done was follow her natural instincts. But the naiad wasn't worried; it was clear what path to take.

"Is there a man out there? A man that can save me; Morganna of the Unseelie, Dark elf of Niffleheim, from the fury of Woman Scorned?" She gazed out the dorm room window in tragic longing. Her ivory-white hair flowing behind her. "I shall go forth and find the nearest hard cock, allowing a lover to drown my sorrows in an ocean of his cum." What a ham! Shelly knew there were problems, but it was nowhere near that bad!

All the nymph had to do was....well, a favor for her roommate. She would give Catalina a gift, to show her goodwill! She would answer the human girl's rage with pure kindness. But what? Hmmm....so many human women hated Shelly for the size and shape of her breasts; so what if Catalina could have the same breasts? Shelly had the power to give her roommate a dose of Fae magic that would give her tits like never before! It would be perfect; and it would come from her. What a wonderful idea! What could possibly go wrong?

**********

Catalina understood. She had that vile water nymph figured out! They'd been roommates for just a few days, and she tried to be accepting, but that slippery slut had gone too far! Shelly was generally uncomfortable out of water, so rather than a normal bunk-bed, she had lugged into their adjoining bathroom a portable bathtub she had acquired, her favorite place to sleep. Catalina also knew how to manipulate the guillible, trusting nymph to fall for the trap she had prepared.
