 The problem with beanstalk travel was that you were never totally sure which area you were going to land. 

Of course, the advantage was that it got you everywhere faster. The majority of the magical world's portals were in Faerie, and the one way for a mortal to break in was via beanstalk. 

She'd always considered safety over-rated anyway.

Ren paused for a second, triple-checking the map. If she didn't time this just right, she was going to end up in the Swampland of Faerie. And more importantly, she'd be forced to traverse that stupid ridge since it was the only safe passage through.

The ridge where she'd stolen a certain elf's clothes. A smile escaped her control. That had taught him to point an arrow at her. 

She may not be a wolf, but she was a predator shifter damn it. Foxes just tended to be sneakier in their dominance games.

And her mate's, at the time courting partner, response had been particularly gratifying. 

Still, her hand crept up across her neck rubbing at the tension. The same elf had recently expanded his fiefdom, and it was becoming near impossible to use beanstalk transportation and avoid him. 

Something rustled, and she crouched for a second getting ready to battle- only to be confronted by a squirrel. 

It glanced at her and then resumed its nut gathering. 

Oh yeah, she sure was the ultimate predator.

Ren thrust the map back into her pocket before making her decision. She needed to get out of here before an Academy agent found her. And getting out of here meant using beanstalks. 

Absentmindedly, Ren dipped her hand into her pant pocket to let the deck's magic slide over her fingers. 

The charge produced a small sigh of pleasure from the woman before she yanked her fingers away. Alice would deal with the card's price for its power not Ren. 

After all, Alice was Fae. Ren, at only 27 years of age may have looked older, but Alice outstripped her by at least 200 years of age. Despite the fact that the woman looked 20 years old. 

Ren shivered. Alice, in some ways, was just as scary as Snow. No matter how fragile looking that woman's, frankly both women's, packaging was. 

Nope, Ren was just here to help to retrieve the artifact. After all, the Academy wasn't using the cards. It, or maybe she should say Snow, just had control issues about a non-agents owning any relic of power. 

Within some reason, of course. 

Sometimes, objects of power ended up controlling their wielders instead of the reverse being true. Ren had seen the aftermath during the Notre Dame Fiasco. It had been a real drag to clean up. 

You know, when Ren had still worked for the Academy. 

Reaching into her pocket, Ren pulled out a smooth bean. A breed made by Jack the Giant Slayer himself. Dude was totally insane traveling the stalks without a shield. But he'd been a genius botanist. 

Gently, she manipulated the dirt, so it was now covering the seed. And she spat on it. The saliva causing the brown mixture to become muddy. Activating her shield charm, she stepped onto the bean just as it started to spring upwards.

She couldn't help but laugh. God, the rush, the wind, the magic. She flung her hands out wide letting the wind whip her hair and magic thrum against her skin. As she landed, a languid smile spread across her face. 

It was almost as good as sex. 

Of course, the thought since she was such a pervert, seemed to conjure her next obstacle. She felt a ghost hand brush against her vagina, and Ren lost focus. 

Shit. He was close. 

And if he was close, that meant he was in Faerie. Double shit. 

Her mating bond pulsed to life. She'd forgotten the null charms, the thing preventing him from tracking her, didn't work here. Triple shit. 

And while he'd be able to transform, she needed her human form to carry the cards. Carrying them in her mouth wasn't an option, the likelihood her fox teeth would tear through the magic dampening case was too high. 

She scowled at the thought- this form's limits sucked sometimes. 

Turning her senses outward, she tried to ignore the throbbing between her legs. Bloody hell, 

but it was distracting. 

Her vagina was beating like a speaker at a night club in Cabo, and her mate was still several miles off. Why had she gone so long without him?

As if in answer, phantom hands began to trace her sides. Ren groaned at the caress as her legs began to wobble. 

Sometimes, her mate's mental abilities were terrifying. 

Without conscious thought, one of her hands dipped between her legs. And she flicked a fingernail across her clit and whimpered before snatching it out from under her clothing.

She really wished she could afford to stop and play with him. 

The sensation vanished from her sides and manifested in her foot. She felt the phantom hands cup the sides and begin to rub and squeeze the foot in a seemingly random pattern. 

Everything happening was only in her mind, but that was the problem with mental abilities. The effect was never just one's mind. 

As if on cue, her nipples hardened and rubbed against her bra at the stimulation.

The tingle in her vagina was also becoming more pronounced particularly since the tightness of her pants was causing her underwear to lightly grind against her clit. 

Ren scowled at that. Her own clothes were against her. 

A mouth nibbled at her ankle pressing messy, wet kisses to the tanned flesh. And for a second, Ren wanted to fall to her knees and lay there until her mate arrived.

Damn, her promise to Alice. Ren needed this. 

She needed to get fucked. 

Her arms balled into fists at her sides as kisses changed to the tiny nips her mate favored. Her will to struggle was slowly dissipating. 

After all, Rena wasn't exactly opposed to his touches. If she had been, the mating bond would have protected her. She'd seen it happen before in really rare cases.

Mating bonds could only be created through consensual emotions and desires. If one party began to have ill-intentions, the magic would turn on the offender. A Fae sea princess, the one that was some 800 years old and had decided to become human, had lost her mate that way. 

Ren grimaced. The thought was awful enough to stifle for a second the onslaught of mental touches. 

You know, until she felt a phantom tongue lick under her knee cap and then trail up to the back of her mid-thigh. 

Oh yeah.

Shivers raced down her spine, and the leather seemed to chafe even more against her vagina. 

Fingers began to trace circles on the inside of her thighs while something warm and wet dipped into her bellybutton. Her hip bucked again. And she shuddered. 

Stupid cards!

But Ren knew she couldn't allow her mate to confiscate the cards. He'd return the deck to that maddening Snow White. And not only did she hate failing assignments, she also hated Snow White.

The most odious woman in all of the magical world. 

Still, a brief memory of her last failure flew through her mind, and a smile stole across her face. The results were just so pleasant when he did find her. It was almost worth turning over the cards. 

Too bad, Ren owed Alice an enormous favor. Man, she'd just have to trudge on.

An action made more difficult by the barrage of memories, her mate was now sending her. 

Ooh, it was cliché. But Ren did love a good doggy style fucking session. Her shifter nature playing no small part in her sex drive and preferences. 

The nearest portal was about 400 meters up ahead. It would dump her farther from her destination; but at least, the cloaking spell would snap back into place- stopping the phantom touches. 

Absentmindedly, she rubbed her thighs together. And another groan escaped her mouth. 

Yeah, this portal would have to do.

With regret, she moved towards the portal. She'd have time to play with him later; but right now, Alice needed her help. 

Unfortunately, the mating urge having not been fed in a while was stronger than she'd expected. She hated when that happened. 

His approach was increasing the heat between her legs, and her inner shifter was all but demanding to take control.

She felt the fox scraping at the conscious part of her mind. And for a second, black film obstructed her vision. Shit, her shifter was pissed about being denied release. 

She pushed it down. Animalistic instincts made for great sex, but she couldn't afford the indulgence of time or power loss on her current mission. He'd understand.

Or maybe, he wouldn't.

Cheered at the thought, she dove through the Fae portal. Maybe for "punishment", he would even do that thing with his tongue.

XoXoXoXoXo

Four miles; a drop-off of one super magical, ultra-powerful, fortune-telling Tarot deck at the Cheshire Cat, and no less than 14 sandwiches later. Ren was laying on her bed sprawled in a mild food coma. 

Mmm, Blaine, her mate, was always all about roast beef, but Ren, herself, had always been partial to chicken subs. The bedroom had the wrappers from said subs to prove it. 

Grimacing, she closed her eyes for a moment. She'd used a fair amount of her magical reserves breaking through the protections on the Tarot Deck. Ren might not like Snow, but that woman had great wizards and witches at her disposal. 

Of course, she was the Red Riding Hood. The one that had been successfully made an emergency battalion squad head at the age of 21. More impressively, at least in her opinion- she'd even taken down one of the famed Giants from the Gate Wars. 

Yeah, humility was something Ren rarely flirted with. 

But there had been a couple of bad moments during this job- particularly with the stupid pixies. The lightning bolt had grazed her leaving behind a burn that actually kind of hurt. And Ren had used up nearly all her magic during the initial operation, so she hadn't been able to spare any energy to heal the burns.

She grimaced eyes still closed. Hell, she didn't even have the power to heal aforementioned burns now. 

The bed dipped, and she felt a big hand cup her face. She sighed nuzzling at it basking in its warmth. She'd removed the nulling charm, so her mate could easily find her. 

The hand traced along the edge of her mouth causing such a flurry of sensation that her lips parted. "Blaine," she sighed leaning her nose into the hollow of his collarbone. 

She took a deep breath savoring the scent of trees that seemed to always emit from him. But still, her eyes remained shut. 

"That was some trick you pulled earlier," she heard Blaine growl above her. 

And while she kept her eyes closed, Ren reached her hands up touching his, upon completion of her very thorough, tactile examination- bare chest. 

Warmth suffused her, and Ren's eyes flew open as she shot straight up. Her eyes meeting his.

One of Blaine's hands, surprisingly soft for being a shifter's hands, was back and smoothing black hair away from her forehead. His eyes not red with arousal but blue with worry. 

"Too cold," he murmured. "Just how much magic did you expend retrieving those Tarot Cards?" 

Ren pursed her lips together before nipping at his chest. At the contact, his chest vibrated for a brief moment, and she found herself entranced with the way it shook. 

"Oh love, I'm mad about the cards," he said ignoring her attempts at distraction and continuing to trace circles through her clothing. "But, it's your body temperature that's scary," he murmured.

His left hand began to trace down her right side while his eyes studied her face. "You know, just as well as I do, that you must have reached into your life force for such an extreme body temperature reduction." 

For a minute, he allowed his thumb to dig into her right hip growling, "Was it really worth it?"

Ren huffed shoving at him. And he sat back on his haunches as she crossed her arms and struggled to a sitting position rustling the silk sheets. 

"If I were human, this temperature would be fine," she paused for a second uncrossing her arms. She noticed Blaine raise an eyebrow in response and Ren flushed. 

Her voice had sounded petulant even to her. Pushing away the embarrassment, she leaned forward and skimmed his upper thighs with her small fingers. 

She relished the way he threw his head back emitting a harsh, guttural sound. 

"Come on," she demanded, "I haven't even seen you in a week. You can't just blow me off, like this." 

She let her hands drop away from his body looking away and balling hands in the smooth sheets wrinkling the slippery fabric. Blaine made a noise in the back of his throat; and when his eyes bled red, Ren's hips gyrated in response. 

Laughing, Blaine guided her onto her stomach; but when she tried to shift to her knees, he pressed his hand into the dip of her back. 

"Stay," he commanded his thumbs digging into the arch of her back. "I'll punish you tomorrow when you've recuperated; but for now, you rest and recover. We can't play rough while you're in such a weakened state."

When she whimpered, he shifted. His legs now splayed on either side of her, and he began to massage her upper back and shoulders. 

Ren groaned at the sensation, toes curling as her muscles unclenched. 

He placed a light kiss on her cheek before dragging a tongue along her neck which prompted a yelp. She felt him smirk against her skin before he did it again.

She humped the sheets in response. 

"I promise," Blaine said after a minute of tormenting her. "We'll play rough together tomorrow." He pushed a slightly more forceful kiss into the side of her left temple before shifting lower. 

"But right now, let's release some built up tension." His hands moved to her ass, and he began kneading circles into her butt checks. 

She tried to arch up into the movement, but he held her down. And for a second, they stayed still, so she could revel in just how much stronger he was than her. 

How he could physically dominate her if need be. Fuck. 

In order to suppress the gasp from her mate's resumed massage, she clawed at the sheets on either side of them bunching the fabric. And then drove her head into the pillow in front of her. 

The pillow kind of managed to muffle her whimpers. 

Ah. This wasn't fair. She wanted to play, too.

. 

Gathering herself, Ren lifted her face from the pillow to say something when Blaine's hands suddenly disappeared from Ren's ass and returned to her shoulders digging into some pressure points located there. 

She yelped thrusting her clit against the bedding while her nails scratched at the bed sheets. "Shit, Blaine, the hell. Please," she panted- her body writhing. 

He only laughed moving to sit squarely on her ass, and then the fucker pressed his fingers back into a somehow more sensitive set of grooves along her shoulders.

Arching her back, she pushed back into his crotch, and Ren was rewarded with an answering groan as he pressed more firmly against her ass in response. 

Blaine's fingers changed positions one more time digging into another unknown nerve receptor along Ren's shoulders and she shrieked climaxing.

For a moment, they both lay there for recovering. His chest rose and fell against her back, and she felt him through their bond straining not to break down and hump her like Ren was sure his wolf was demanding he do.

Then, she hooked a leg around his and flipped him over.

Sitting astride, she roughly ground against his cock and relished in the way he bucked against her arching her own back in exultation at the sensation. 

Then, slowly, ever so slowly, she slid down his body making sure to drag her clothed figure against his half-clothed one. He propped himself up his forearms during the movement and just looked at her. 

She stopped once she was settled between his legs and looked at him. He nodded in acquiescence, and she freed his cock. Pre-cum glistened in the light. 

Locking her eyes with his, she leaned over and swallowed his cock whole. She felt him vibrate in her mouth, but continued to swallow pushing against her gag reflex.

His cock was about six inches- the perfect size. And little thicker than average. She ran a tongue along the underside and smirked as her mate bucked his hips. 

Her mate's eyes narrowed into slits. And Ren felt a thrill at the way he regarded her. His predatory nature was beginning to slip through. But the man was still in control.

Maybe, if she just pushed a little harder?

Never breaking eye contact, she slowly pulled off his cock letting her mouth linger in various places until just the tip was in her mouth. Then with a deliberate motion, Ren ran a fingernail lightly across his balls. 

Hands tangled in her hair as Blaine forced himself all the way back into her mouth. Ren laughed in pleasure at his loss of control. 

Blaine groaned at the vibrations caused by her laughter but ultimately ignored her insolence. Instead, he chose to push out and then thrust back in even harder, skull-fucking her. 

She gasped at the rough motion. And closed her eyes against the pleasure. 

A sharp tug on her hair and a sudden stillness of motion caused Ren to open said eyes again. As she looked up, she noted her mate's eyes were full dilated and red.

"Keep them open," Blaine ordered before pulling out and thrusting back into Ren's wet orifice. 

She purred and enjoyed the hiss of breath above her from Blaine at the extra vibrations. He scowled before resuming skull-fucking her. 

As he approached climax he began talking again, "You have no idea how badly I want to fuck you. How badly, I want to see that ass bounce in the air as I pound into you." 

Ren's vagina practically watered at the thought. 

"And of course, you'll scream for me. Begging me to fuck you harder as you scream my name," his breath was now coming in quick puffs. 

Ren felt him begin to twitch in her mouth. So, she reached two hands up to the side of his hips and dug her small fingers into his ass.

"Master," she groaned. 

"Fuck," Ren heard Blaine curse before he threw his head back while ejaculating. The cum pooled in her mouth which was still locked on his cock.

She swirled the slightly salty liquid in her mouth for a second before swallowing with a little regret. Perhaps, he'd ejaculate on her tomorrow. 

Blaine then pulled her off his cock and while still holding onto her hair drew her up into a possessive kiss- slamming his mouth against hers. 

"Tomorrow," he said finally breaking the kiss, "tomorrow, I'll punish you. And then, we have the annual Academy Winter Formal."

He smirked as the smile form the former statement changed to a frown due to the latter one. 

"You promised, you'd go," he murmured pressing another kiss against her cheek as he drew them both back down onto the bed and under the sheets.

"Besides, you wouldn't want Snow to get me all by myself would you?" 

Her body tensed at the thought. So, she nipped him in irritation. 

"Mine," she murmured settling into the little spoon. "You're mine. I'm yours. That how this works." 

She felt Blaine chuckle against her. 

Then, he kissed her ear before whispering, "For a submissive, you sure are demanding." 

She growled a warning, and he ceased talking pressing his nose against her neck. But Ren still felt his smirk.

Cocky Bastard. 

Her Cocky Bastard.