 As the fire crackled and popped, Callista looked up and saw the beauty of the full moon. It was a few minutes after midnight, Samhain had begun and the Goddess had blessed her with a beautiful evening for it.

Although she was skyclad, Callista wasn't in the slightest bit cold. The fire warmed her and in a few minutes, she knew she would be getting even warmer.

Her heart beat faster as she awaited what she knew was about to come. As it had for the past ten years at this time. As it always would, she knew in her heart. Blessed Be, her soul almost leapt with joy.

She heard the crack as a foot stepped on a twig, yet she did not have to turn her head to know Maeve was there. Her Maeve, whom she loved more than life itself. Her Maeve, who owned a piece of her soul.

Callista turned to see Maeve standing in the clearing, the irradescent glow of yellow falling from her. Beautiful, she would be so eternally, Callista knew. The twinkling around her illuminating her sweet, soft face. Her long blonde hair, like spun silk, trailing nearly to her waist. Many was the time Callista had gazed into Maeve's violet eyes. Many was the time she had kissed those soft, bee-stung lips that were as sweet as honey, pliant and yielding. She saw Maeve's wings fold back, in a few scant seconds, Callista knew they would disappear for the night and the glow would fade, leaving only her Maeve, her lover.

Callista walked slowly and Maeve's arms enfolded her, holding the slightly-smaller woman to her bosom. Their kiss was tender and loving, yet hinted of passions yet-to-come.

Maeve ran her fingers through Callista's chestnut hair, which now hung down to her buttocks. She smiled at her stunning lover. 

"Truly, 'tis good to see thy beloved visage once again, most beloved!"

Callista swatted her on the ass and said, with a giggle, "Stop talking like that!"

Maeve's peals of laughter joined with Callista's. "Okay, but as you recall, when we first met, that was the way I spoke."

Callista remembered every second of their meeting. Callista had practiced her arts for many years, helping friends wherever she could, preparing love potions, saying prayers for those needing love, trying to enrich the lives of those she touched. She worked at an animal shelter 3 days a week and wrote in her spare time. The children of her town loved her, even if some of the adults thought it strange that an admitted "witch" lived among them.

Callista never forced her beliefs on anyone, that is likely why she was easily liked by all. Her striking appearance didn't hurt. She was nearly 6 feet tall, with curves and ample bosom, her mother used to say. Her hair was thick and full, her teeth straight and white. It was her emerald eyes that got her the most attention, every lover she had ever been with had told her that.

Callista had her share of dalliances, with both men and women alike. She didn't hide her sexuality, she enjoyed sex fully, sex magic was empowering. Nor was she a tramp, but there was no one with whom she felt a kindred spirit. Alone sometimes in her small frame house, shared only with Boo, her cat, she ached for the love so many others knew.

One night, her thoughts strayed to those of sexual pleasures. She was skyclad, of course, and was about to finger herself to orgasm, when she thought she heard a voice. She listened for it again.

"Callista."

"Callista."

"Callista." The voice seemed far away, yet it was clear. Someone was calling to her. She answered slowly as she realized who it was. Blessed Be, it was her Goddess. "Yes, bright one?"

Again, the voice spoke. "Many a time have I heard you cry out and many a time have I thought of answering your call. What is it you desire most, my dearest Callista?"

Callista's answer came without a moment's hesitation. "Oh Goddess, I yearn for what many others have been granted. I yearn for a love, a passion, that is mine and mine alone. I yearn for a kindred soul, a soft, gentle lover." Unbidden, the tears trickled down her cheeks.

The voice said to her "It is in my power to grant this to you, oh most faithful of servants. On the eve of Samhain, go to the woods near your home. Your kindness, your devotion to myself and others will not go unheeded. Blessed Be, oh sweetest of my servants."

Some might have questioned their very sanity, Callista did not, not even for the briefest of seconds. A few weeks later, on the 30th of October, she did as she was told and went to the woods behind her home. She brought provisions and a tent to sleep in, not knowing what was in store, yet her heart was filled with joyous anticipation.

There was a chill in the air, but she chose to be skyclad, it was otherwise a beautiful evening. The sky was clear and the stars were clearly visible, she felt very at peace with her surroundings.

Once again, Callista could sense the presence of her Goddess. The voice was once again soft in her mind and soul.

"Callista, turn and receive the blessing you so richly deserve."

Callista did as she was instructed. There, in the clearing, stood the most beautiful sight she had ever seen. For all of her life, Callista would recall the first moment she laid eyes on her beloved Maeve.

"The blessings of the Goddess and my Queen Titania are upon thee, fair Callista. I am thine, to have and to hold, I shall be thy friend, thy lover, if thou wilt have me."

Callista smiled and saw her smile returned. Even though she was devout in her beliefs, she had never thought she'd ever behold one of the Faerie realm. She had assumed they may be legend, or lost to this world forever.

As if sensing her thoughts, the vision before her spoke, the tone as melodious as any song she'd ever heard. "Nay, there are fewer of us, to be sure, but as long as some still believe, our race endures."

"So why hasn't anyone ever seen you?"

"We of the Faerie are only visible at certain times of year and only by those pure of spirit."

The beautiful creature walked towards Callista and took her into her embrace, a soft kiss caressed her lips. "I am called Maeve, if I may, I will call thee my beloved."

Callista couldn't help but giggle slightly. "Do they still talk like that where you come from?"

A puzzled look came over the young Faerie's face. Young, Callista thought – for all she knew, this thing of beauty could be years, perhaps even centuries, older than herself. "We don't speak in that manner any more Maeve, but no matter. We have time, all the time in the world, to know each other."

That was the truth. The beautiful Faerie and Callista sat on the blanket and talked, at times Callista could not wrap her head around the fact she was having a conversation with something – someone – she would have considered a myth scant hours before.

Maeve told her that the Goddess had requested someone special to be the companion of her dear Callista. Queen Titania – the one from Shakespeare's plays, no less – had hand-picked Maeve to serve the wishes of the Goddess.

"I am thine, for now and evermore, beautiful Callista. When the moon is full, I will be able to come to thee, to love thee, to be loved by thee. In those times, you shall not age, no time will pass. Until the break of day, I will be thy lover."

Maeve was true to her word. She made love to Callista that night and it was indescribable. It was like being caressed by the wings of a butterfly, it was like being stroked with stardust. Callista's body was alive and her heart was filled with a joy she had never known before.

Maeve was true to her word. She came on the next full moon and they made love again. Callista wanted to bring her lover to her home, to share her bed, but Maeve was afraid. Callista soothed her fears away with gentle kisses and caresses.

The two lovers padded through the forest, naked, until they reached Callista's home. She lit candles and made love to Maeve on top of her down comforter, the sweet faerie girl orgasmed and squealed and delighted in the first experience on a bed. Callista was astonished to find out her lover was still a virgin.

"You've never had sex – with a male of your species?"

Maeve shook her head and her eyes looked downward. "It is not permitted in the court of Queen Titania, my beloved. Our bodies are for her pleasure alone, but yours were the first hands to touch me in desire." She leaned in and kissed Callista on the lips, thrilling both of them.

Over the next number of years and months, Maeve learned about the world she visited and she taught Callista many things as well. 

Maeve seemed to delight in television, even if she couldn't understand the concepts behind it. Maeve found Game Shows hysterical, so Callista taped them for her and she delighted in the peals of laughter her lover made as she watched them. Callista also noticed that Maeve's speech patterns were adapting more, although her voice still had that lyrical tinge to it that had attracted Callista from the beginning.

There were many small delights to which Callista could introduce to Maeve. The simplest things, like the taste of a Heath chocolate bar. Ice Cream. Pepsi Cola [ "The bubbles tickle, beloved" Maeve told her ]. Maeve brought new joy to Callista's world, it was as if she was seeing the world through fresh eyes.

Maeve would come every full moon and spend evenings in the fervent embrace of her witch-lover. They ventured outside in the evenings, making wild love wherever they could, once daring enough to have sex in a neighbor's pool while they were on vacation. At daylight, Maeve would sleep, looking so innocent and beautiful it was hard to believe what a sexual little wildcat she could turn into.

When the full moon passed, Maeve had to return to her own world, but Callista no longer felt the pangs of loneliness. She knew Maeve was thinking of her and it gave her time to think of new ways to surprise her Faerie playmate upon her return.

Recently, Maeve had shown a predilection for wilder, kinkier, nastier sex. She still liked being caressed, licked and massaged, loved the strokings of Callista's soft fingers on her labia, but she wanted to feel a hard dildo penetrate the lips of her cunt. She'd become more vocal, more daring in the last number of years.

"Oh darling, fuck me, fuck your Maeve, I'm your servant, oh my darling, beautiful lover, fuck me, fuck the hell out of me!" Maeve would yell as Callista's probing fingers stroked in and out of Maeve's horny pussy. Maeve came every time and her juices were sweeter than anything Callista had ever tasted.

Maeve was also one of the most giving lovers Callista had ever known. Far from being jealous of Callista's dalliances when she was away, Maeve seemed to thrive on hearing about them. She loved hearing Callista's adventures with men, she loved the thought of Callista being fucked by big, hard cocks, up her tight pussy and sweet, rounded ass. Callista would masturbate in front of her sweet lover, remembering every moment of the latest male conquest fucking deep inside her wet, heated cunt.

In the early days of their budding relationship, Callista had taken great pains to be gentle with Maeve. Despite the fact this beautiful creature was much older than she, Callista knew she was an innocent, a pure thing, in many ways.

Nowadays, she'd learned that her sweet Maeve was thriving on their joint sexual escapades. She loved seeing Maeve try on new, sexy clothes. The pretty Faerie loved sexy shoes, she thought them fun and "kicky". She loved being attired in teddies and negligees, sheer, sexy fabrics made her very randy. She loved trying on the cute little panties that Callista would buy for her and delighted in teasing Callista, urging her beloved to "take them off baby – with your teeth!"

Callista delighted in Maeve's continuous evolution. She adored the fact that on her last visit, Maeve had cut her long, thick blonde hair and was wearing it short. She was giggling hysterically as Maeve showed it to her.

"What's so funny?" Maeve wanted to know.

"Here honey, we call that a `Pixie Cut'". Maeve stuck out her tongue at Callista, who giggled even more hysterically. Next time, Maeve's hair was longer again.

Maeve's attentions were having a positive effect on Callista as well. With Maeve's adept tongue licking at her pussy, her soft lips nudging the clitoral bud into erect firmness, Callista was becoming more vocal in her needs. She'd yell out "Eat me, suck that pussy, you magical bitch!" and reward her playmate with gushes of her sweet juices when Maeve complied.

Maeve would become more aggressive at that. She seemed to have the key to Callista's body, she knew what buttons to push. Her sharp little teeth would clamp down on Callista's nipple, Callista would scream from the exquisite pain. Her body would arch upwards as spasms of pleasure jolted her body. Maeve's fingers would trace the countours of Callista's frame, she'd nip gently at Callista's clit and Callista would reward Maeve with another scream of joy.

The last time, Maeve had wanted to fingerfuck Callista's asshole. She'd never done that, she was slightly averse to the idea at first, but once Maeve did it, it was like an electric shot traversing her body. Callista came as she never had done before.

Callista was re-invigorated by her lover's talents. She was horny all the time, the lovers she chose walked away exhausted, but happy. Callista's magics were never stronger, she felt healthy, rejuventated. She rarely felt sick now, she couldn't recall the last time she'd had a cold, or the flu.

As her thoughts slowly drifted back to the present, Callista was feeling Maeve's tender hands massaging her flesh. She lay on her back and let her lover caress her cares away. With every stroke of Maeve's knowing fingers Callista's body tingled, she awakened, she mewled with pleasure and her desire increased.

"You're so responsive, you're the hottest lover I've ever had!" Maeve said to Callista with a knowing smile.

"I'm the ONLY lover you've ever had, unless you're keeping secrets!" Callista said to Maeve, who grinned mischievously.

Callista rolled over and Maeve lay on top of her. She was so delicate, her weight was negligible. Their nipples pressed together, their soft lips met, touched, tongues wriggled against tongues. The heat in the room was palpable, Maeve wanted to ask, it was time.

"Dearest?"

"Hmm?"

"It's time. I know you've been afraid of hurting me, I know that, we've talked about it. But I want to know you in EVERY way, beloved Callista, and so ... "

Callista's heart was racing, she was fearful. She didn't want to hurt Maeve, who she loved more than anything in this world or the next. But it was time, Maeve was right. There was only one sexual barrier the two had not yet broken.

Callista sighed and walked to her bedroom closet. She reached into her favorite box of toys and pulled out a large, flesh-colored dildo. "Are you sure darling?" she said, looking over at Maeve. The beautiful Faerie nodded and for the briefest of seconds, her glow seemed to return.

"There is nothing I would not give you, my Callista, and yet, you have seemed to reluctant to take my virginity. I offer it to you, I want you to fuck me, to make every part of me yours. I want to feel your body thrusting against mine, I want to be your sweetheart and – your slut!"

Every moment that Callista spent with Maeve, she fell more in love with her. It had been a number of years, yet Maeve was as stunning, as loving, as fresh as the day they had met. She could deny Maeve nothing, not even this.

The sexy smile that came over Maeve as she moved towards her lover filled Callista's heart with confidence. She would be taking her virginity, a precious gift, but every moment with her darling Maeve had been a precious gift for which she was eternally grateful.

She applied a brief coating of lubricant on the dildo and kissed Maeve's lips hungrily, smiling with joy as she slid the dildo into Maeve's tight, unfucked cunt. Maeve grunted, ever so slightly and Callista picked up the tempo, fucking her lover a little quicker now. 

"Fuck, oh lover, fuck me deeper darling!" Maeve squealed as the dildo moved in and out of her delicate, tiny frame. She had her legs locked around Callista's back, drawing the rubber cock and her lover closer, loving the feeling of something hard filling her at last. This was worth the wait, Maeve felt, to feel the hardness of the dildo and the sweet, soft woman she loved in tandem, ravaging her body – nothing had ever felt this good.

The look of bliss on Maeve's face as she was taking the dildo in deeper was almost an aphrodisiac to Callista. She concentrated all her efforts on pleasing her loving, devoted Maeve. Her hands roamed all over the lovely Faerie's body as she fucked her, tenderly at first, but as she heard Maeve's screams, Callista began to fuck her in earnest.

Maeve's nails, so delectably and sharp, were digging into Callista's back, furthering her ardor. "Like the cock, my little Faerie slut?" she grimaced as she drove the toy deeper and deeper into the girl. Little whimpers escaped Maeve's lips, letting Callista know just how much she did indeed enjoy this, her first fuck.

Her body quivered in response to the fucking toy, Maeve's senses were spinning at the wanton act her Callista was performing on her. She could see the fire in her lover's eyes, fucking Maeve would only heighten that fire, which Maeve knew full well. She began to move, almost instinctively, in rhythmic passion to her lover's thrusts. All her hot little cunt could take, Maeve would accept. She lived to please Callista, even her beloved Callista did not know to which extents the lovely Faerie would go to ensure her happiness.

"Fuckfuckfuckfuck" Maeve sing-songed as the humungous shaft moved in and out of her. She was glowing naturally, Callista from the fine sheen of perspiration that covered her body. Together, the two playmates could romp for hours, never tiring.

"Ohhhhh FUCK!!" Maeve said, finally reaching her first fuck-induced orgasm. Her body shook in delight, the tears streamed unbidden down her face.

Callista kissed her sweetheart and moved away, intending to get a washcloth to help clean up the mess. There was no trace of blood to be found, no evidence at the taking of Maeve's virginity. She turned to Callista and asked her "Is something amiss, my love?"

Callista shook her head. "There's no blood."

Maeve looked at her again. "Blood? Why would there be?"

Callista told her "When women lose their virginity, their hymen is broken and it bleeds."

Maeve smiled. "Women of your race beloved, not mine. We are creatures of passion, of magic. Nothing we do sexually is painful or distressing."

Callista cuddled her closer. "It must be wonderful."

Maeve smiled at her and said "You'll know that feeling someday Callista, I promise you."

Her cryptic comment puzzled Callista, so she asked her what she'd meant by it.

Maeve explained "There is magic in our relationship, my love. One can not lie with one of my race and not be affected by it. Have you not noticed you are barely aging, you look nearly as youthful as you did all those years agone, when first we met?"

Callista had assumed that it has been her Pagan lifestyle and healthy lifestyle habits that had kept her youthful, but Maeve explained further.

"We of the Faerie love eternally. Those of us who dally with mortal men – or women .. " Maeve said, pinching Callista's nipple " ... share some of our immortality with them. You will live a long, happy, sexual existence, my darling."

"But I will die someday?"

"In a sense, yes."

Callista's curiosity was piqued. "What do you mean?"

"I have petitioned the Bright Lady and Queen Titania on your behalf. When someday, your mortal shell does pass from this earth, you will be born again as one of us, a Faerie. Your beautiful soul shall be with mine forever, beloved."
