 Chapter 24

The corporate jet landed Back in Nova Scotia a stretch limo was waiting. The trip took us a little over an hour drive through the countryside and we turned down our back road to the farm. 

The closer we got to our home the more stairs we got from people. Of course how often does a stretch limo come through our small communities? 

We pulled into the Yard and when Josh got out the dog went to barking and came running across the yard avoided everybody and jumped into Josh's arms licking his face. 

Tanya is not far behind wearing just an apron and sandals. Tears flowing down her cheeks smile across her face. "Oh master, oh Master your back, I missed you so much," and wrapped her arms around him saying, "down Lucky" to the dog and taking the dogs place wrapping her legs around his waist kissing and crying at the same time. 

"I missed you to," exclaimed Josh returning her kisses. 

The boys were unloading the limo and the driver said, "Nice girl you got there." 

"Thanks," Josh said and left it at that and we got the luggage to the porch. Frank signed the voucher and gives the driver a hundred dollar tip. The guys picked up a piece of luggage and walked into the kitchen door. 

There were five girls naked on their knees saying, "Welcome home master." Josh put down the luggage and walked over and the girls stripped him all taking licks at his cock bringing it to attention. 

Bill wasn't long getting naked while Frank just sat at the table dumbfounded at all this. 

Frank asked, "Josh did you stage this?" 

Josh said, "I was with you for the last twenty hours and I don't have mental telepathy abilities yet." 

Frank said, "but this?" 

Josh said, "I told you there was more Frank." 

Frank said, "What happen to Mom and Dad?"

Josh said, "If your father was giving you blow jobs could you really call him dad anymore and I have fucked Barb in every hole you think I can call her mom? That would be weird." 

Even as Josh spoke, Barb and Millie were licking his shaft while Tanya was sucking him off. 

Brenda started talking saying, "Josh's cock is needed by all of us, except maybe Barb, that we don't know but all of us feel better with his cum, more energized and better health. So yes we need his cum that need makes him our Master."

"He is my boyfriend but we will never have a monogamous relationship and I am fine with that. I care for him so much it hurts," said Brenda.

Frank just scratched his head. About that time Josh started cumming everybody was taking turns sucking a rope of cum from Josh's cock even Bill got a rope and any that went to the floor the dog was lapping up.

Frank sat at the table and he had a yearning for some to but couldn't bring himself to be a cocksucker in his own home. 

Barb looked over and said, "Why are you still in clothes watching all us young fillies but were not privileged to see you?" 

"Okay, you win" and Frank stripped and come over and sucked Josh's cock for his ropes of cum. Brenda, Julie and Barb put supper on while Mille sat on the floor between Josh's legs patting and kissing ,basically worshiping Josh's cock as he sat in the overstuffed chair. Millie said to Josh, "To think a week ago I was at deaths door and now I am blessed with this most fantastic cock and a master to go with it."

Josh sent Tanya over to get acquainted with Frank and she was sitting on his pole riding him on the kitchen chair. 

Was not quite what Josh had in mind but it would work bringing down the old traditional barriers.

Chapter 25

During supper Josh said, "That the rooms were a bit small now." Dad was saying, "In a few years we kids would be gone and it would just be the two of us."

Millie looked at Frank and said, "You think so eh."

Barb laughed and then so did the rest. 

Josh said, "I need A king size bed and the girls have done shopping for me. Tanya has graciously made special pants to cover my assets." {Everybody smiles} "This means I need more closet space and they bought me shoes and sneakers."

Josh said, "I can't believe I am saying this but I need room for my footwear. Dam I feel like a girl all I need now is multiple purses." The room breaks into all out laughter.

Julie spoke up and said, "He couldn't go to school looking like a geek anymore."

Millie spoke up said, "Why don't we buy another place that will accommodate this extended family."

Brenda spoke up, "I don't want to lose Josh, but I am not ready to break with my family just yet either."

Bill nodded to that but said, "If the family moved he would have to."

"What about University? You kids will be gone and only here for visits," said Frank

"Frank I don't have all the answers but watch this," Josh said, "who wants to sleep with me tonight?" all the girls including Barb raised their hands.

Frank was a bit put out by barbs hand being up but he wanted more of Josh's cum to. Millie said, "Frank we can put an addition on how about an atrium with a few large bedrooms a waterfall and a pool."

"Millie let's not go overboard we always lived a modest lifestyle here," Frank said.

Millie said," Frank I am not going far from Josh I will build whatever he wants wherever he wants we can move to the South Seas. I don't care and most of us including you don't want to be away from him and what he can give us."

"Basically Frank he is the master we are his slaves he is the head of this household I will do whatever he wants." exclaimed Millie.

Josh said, "Frank I didn't ask for any of this and I have no idea where things will be a year from now I have already enlarged this family by four maybe even six if you add Brad and Jim."

Josh said, "This is a great location here rural we can sit naked out front and no one cares and at eighteen I am in with looking at naked bodies." 

Josh also said, "My body is taking on tone my muscles are finally building. I do enjoy swimming and we have been swimming nude for years."

Barbs eye brow went up looking at Julie and Brenda. 

Chapter 26

"As for university," Josh said, "I feel the need to learn chemistry I thought I wanted computer science but since all this I know I needed chemistry now. The local university has both programs so we will see."

Josh said, "I have got to think of Julie, Bill, Tanya, Brenda too. We are in this together and also Millie, Barb, and you Frank fit into this equation. 

"God you guys got fucking years on me this is too much for me," Josh said. "If it were me I want Disney land palace but let's be realistic I have no idea of our finances or what we should or shouldn't do I need more room to service you all. That's all I was asking, and am sorry that servicing is not quite the word I wanted to use." 

Josh put his head in his hands and started sobbing saying, "it's too fucking much please help me." 

Brenda jumped up and yelled at Josh, "come" and pulled Josh as he followed her to the porch where they sat on the big rocking swing. She forced his head on her lap and patted his head while rocking them stating, "Don't worry, we will work it out, I love you Josh. It will be okay."

Barb started for the door but Bill stopped her and said, "Let them be please." 

Barb said, "I am his mother."

Bill said, "Brenda can do more for him than any of us, let them be." 

Frank spoke up," How did you kids get so grown up so quick?"

"Barb, Bill is right we knew the day would come we had to let them go," Frank said. 

Barb turned and cried in Franks shoulder, "but so soon it's way too soon." 

Millie said, "that young man saved my life and yours Frank. As far as I am concerned every cent I own is his now. I know he is too young to handle it so we will do it for him."

Millie said, "Josh is right, he got too much on his plate with these powers he posses lets us stop arguing and just work together."

Millie said, "We owe him our lives and I am not joking everything including the corporation is now his. This makes him your boss Frank." 

Frank agreed and said, "Millie you and Barb think alike."

Barb says, "But Frank you anchor us." 

Millie said, "This place is too small for his needs the kitchen is fine as it is the largest room in this house and the living room" 

Barb cuts Millie off and speaks up," Millie you're a genius." 

Frank and Millie look at Barb with that question look on their face. Barb said, "We can turn the living room into Master Josh's master bedroom. We can put three king size beds in there for now."

Millie laughs and says, "That will keep master busy." They all laugh but agree that is the best short term solution.

Barb said, "I would never of dreamed I would be taking an active part in setting up a place for my son and daughter to get their brains fucked out." 

Millie said, "that a short term solution now what about a more substantial arrangement." 

Frank said "the pool again?" 

"Why not Frank he can afford it" Millie said. "So he drop a million or so is it going to hurt him? Christ I would be here if it weren't for your son."

"Alright I give up good idea," said Frank. 

"Okay Millie lets go out back and we will see what we're looking at."Frank said. They all filled out the front door past Brenda and Josh on the swing and walked naked to the back of the house.

Millie said to Barb, "Franks got a nice package to, like the way it swings in the breeze."

Barb said, "Millie you are encourage able," smiling.

Frank to change the subject said, "We will have to move the septic tank and field to the side of the house where the garden is now." Millie said, "That will give you a rich garden."

"Gross," Julie said. They all laughed.

Millie said, "What is the water table here?"

"About forty feet above the New Minus Basin at high tide," said Frank. 

Millie said, "Frank If we went down thirty feet then out one hundred sixty feet we could run the pool half in half exposed under glass using solar to heat it plus drill and put in a half dozen heat pumps. How good is your well?" 

"Great water where we're at but only at a gallon a minute," Frank said.

Barb says, "I don't want to lose our well it is the best around."

Frank said, "No we will stay clear of that well drill one on the side of house. Okay let's talk to the Master and tell him the plans," said Barb.

We all walked back to the porch and the girls were all looking at Frank's cock swinging in the breeze. They reached the porch and told Josh the plan. 

He said, "That was great he would love a pool and the living room would be great for now."

That night Josh slept in Julie's room. Julie slept with Frank and Millie. Josh slept with Barb Brenda and Tanya. That night Josh made passionate love to Tanya for being away so long and making him all those special clothes.

Tanya was in seventh heaven she did this new thing to Josh. She found this on the internet and hoped Josh liked it. She was sitting on Joshes pole not moving and squeezing her muscles around his cock. And releasing and doing this over and over till Josh cum. Tanya whispered to Josh as he was cumming, "they call this muscle fucking my love my master."

Josh said, "You will have to teach the others this, my love."

Beaming Tanya said, "I would prefer this be our secret my master but will do as you command if that is your wish." 

Josh kissed her passionately and said, "My love you are right we will keep this as your special thing for now." Tanya still sitting on Josh's pole squeezes for all she's worth and bounces up and down.

Josh said "You feel like a virgin again you're so tight." 

Tanya said, "Just another forum of muscle fucking, my dear master." Josh came again and fell asleep. 

The next day I woke up with Barb and Brenda sucking me off leaving enough left for Frank and Bill. 

Josh let Frank take a while sucking his cock, before Josh gave him a couple a ropes and during this same time as Frank was sucking Josh told Bill, "Jerk him off." Josh made sure that as Frank cum from being jerked Josh came in his mouth the same time. Frank was moaning on Josh's cock as he cum. Josh said, "Bill I think my fag is coming along well."

Frank with a red face said, "I am no fag."

"Well you called my best friend Bill a fag."

"That's different," Frank said. 

Yep Bill said, "Real different," looking at Frank's cum on his hand from Franks cock. 

Frank walks away as Bill and Josh laugh. We got up headed for the shower Julie and Brenda were there to handle our needs. We were heading to take a piss they took hold of our cocks took us to the shower and said piss. We started and the girls aimed the cocks crossing streams then at each other's cock hitting each other's cock and balls with our streams of piss. The girls were having a blast using our cocks against each other. When our piss ran out both girls shook our cocks and then licked and sucked our knobs to make sure we were done then put us both in the shower stall and they reached in and showered us. We got out and the patted us dry with the towel then brushed our teeth combed our hair trimmed our nails. They grabbed our cocks and led us back to Josh's bedroom. There they dressed us and sent us downstairs to breakfast while they took their shower as they were kind of splashed with piss from the earlier fun they had. When the girls came down they looked like nude models, absolutely gorgeous. 

Julie asked, "When they make the new addition can they have a shower to fit at least six people with two shower heads on each wall." Julie then shows a picture from a magazine as to what she meant.

Frank said, "He would see what he could do." He ripped the picture from the book. Any other suggestions before the plans are set. 

Tanya speaks timidly well yes the closet should be walk in with pants on hanger clipped not folded so creases don't get in material and suits have the wide hangers on a pole that turns and are on a motorize track so they are stored in dark and are brought out in light for viewing and choosing." She went on internet and printed what she was talking about. 

Frank said, "Josh give me a call when you pick out the three mattresses as I am renting a truck to storage the existing living room" 

Josh and Brenda took their bikes and rode to town they went in to the store found the mattress and the salesman said they would deliver by noon and set them up including any protectors and bed sets purchased there. Josh called Frank and Frank said, "Let them deliver it under the circumstances and I will have the girls dress or go to their rooms." Brenda also picked out some bed in a basket sets for the beds and mattress protectors. 

CHAPTER 26

On the ride home the clouds rolled in it was getting dark at ten am Brenda stopped and seen Josh disappears ahead of her and the clouds dissipated.

She rode back to the house crying and screaming, "he's gone they took him."After Frank gave her a shot of brandy she calmed down enough to explain what had happened.

Frank was going to call the police.

Bill stopped him saying, "don't we can't let anybody know what is going on out to the world." Millie and Barb agreed with Bill.

Bill said. "Give me a set of clothes and a couple gallons of water and some towels also some sandwiches I will be back when they bring him back don't look for us till sometime tomorrow." 

Brenda said "I want to go so did everyone else." 

Bill said, "That wasn't a good idea He was dropped off for me to find it may be different if it is more than just me there. I know this is probably the hardest thing for all of you to sit and do nothing while our Master is God knows where." 

Bill left and headed to where he was dropped off the first two times. Sure enough later that night Bill awoke to the cloud and Josh in the ditch loaded with cum or icky stuff and his pants and shirt on backwards.

Josh said, "You don't have to yell I can here you." 

Bill said, "I didn't say a word."

Josh said, "Yes you did you said I was full of cum or that icky stuff." Bill said, "I said that in his mind. I am thinking this not speaking."

Josh looked and said, "Christ what now why are they doing this."

Bill thinking, "Strip buddy I got clean clothes and some water to wash you off plus I want to see if your cock grew."

"Fuck off Bill, if my cock grew that all you can think off,"

Bill said, "Those were my private thoughts bud."

Josh stripped and Bill splashed the two gallons of water over him then helped towel him off. 

"Bill you can suck me anytime you want" Josh said.

Bill spoke, "I didn't say that, it was my thought."

Josh said "go ahead enjoy then let's get dressed they must be worried." 

Bill thought, "To say the least."

Josh said, "I heard that." 

Bill sucked Josh and couldn't believe what a fag he had become for his master's cum, it was more than that He worshiped the cock and how it felt in his mouth and how filled he felt. It was like being energized with an unbelievable force. Josh could hear all Bills thoughts and as he cum he could feel the energy Bill was receiving. 

This time there was so much cum Bill choked and what Bill couldn't take ended up all over his face. Josh said, "You look like a real porn victim my friend," then Josh couldn't resist slapping Bills face with his cock. Just like in the porn videos he used to watch. Josh got some cum on his cock from slapping Bill but Bill was more than content to lick Josh clean again.

Bill thought, "He didn't care that he had his master's cum on his face it was a badge of honor."

Josh said, "I heard that," and laughed at what his friend was thinking.

Bill thought, "You best learn how to turn that off when we get home they will all be thinking." 

Josh put on a new pair of pants Tanya made him so it even had a sleeve, made of silk, to hold his cock. 

"Very sheik," Bill thought.

"It sure is," said Josh. 

Bill said, "Man this is freaky."

Chapter 27

Bill called said, "they were in route and not to crowd Josh," and hung up. Ten minutes later they were on the porch. Josh fell off his bike holding his head and said, "shut the fuck up all of you."

Bill ran to the porch "everybody inside."

Brenda ran to Josh. Josh could see her love but she was babbling in her thoughts.

Bill got everybody inside and pulled Brenda back to the porch from the porch.

Bill said, "Can you hear me?" in his thought.

Josh said, "yes" he went inside and said the same thing, "Can you hear me?" 

Bill came out Josh said "he couldn't hear him." 

Bill helped Josh to the shed and from inside the shed to outside with the door shut Josh couldn't hear Bill. Bill went back to the house and told everybody to go into a bedroom and close their door that he was bringing Josh in to his old room. Bill said again with command to his voice, "Don't come out till I say." 

There were all kinds of questions Bill yelled, "Do as I say and I will explain it all, once I get Josh lying down unless you want him in the shed all night." 

Bill brought him in laid him in bed got a clean cloth wiped him down as he was sweating from all the exertion. Soon Josh was asleep and Bill told the family about his mind reading thoughts and that with the door open its like everybody yelling at once Josh needs time to control it. 

"Please let me be the only one, he got used to me and apparently I am not yelling in my thoughts," Bill said. It took 3 days before Josh was able to put like a mental door up on everybody then learn how to open individual doors a crack to here there thoughts. By weeks' end he had full control again and was servicing his family and reading all their thoughts and actually having fun with it all embarrassing most of them at one point or another and he had a lot of one sided conversations answering different peoples thoughts no one could understand the conversation was like listening to a telephone conversation only getting one side. 
