 Divorce me, untie, or break that knot again; Take me to you, imprison me, for I Except you enthrall me, never shall be free,  Nor ever chaste, except you ravish me.  --John Donne

Wizard's Quest

"That is all I can do for you barbarian. The venom from the wyvern bite will slowly bring your death unless you do as I have told. You only have a few sunrises left. Seek the standing stone I spoke of to the West. Though the path you seek into the forest is now avoided by all; it is still well worn from ages past. A hunter such as you will find it."

In the small smoke filled hut, the lanky old wizard was dwarfed next to the huge barbarian, by comparison, a mountain of muscle almost 6 feet tall. The blue tattoos on the wizard's bald head, face and chest showed beads of perspiration from his exertions with the black arts.

"Your arm will heal slowly and cause great pain--even for one such as you. The talons of the wyvern taint the flesh causing a painful wound that does not heal, but does not kill."

Fafnir tested the wizard's patchwork, rotating his left arm, gauging the pain. He was grateful it was not his sword arm. As he stood, his muscular frame snapped taut and ready for action like a sinewy predator preparing to leap at its prey. The wildness in his penetrating blue eyes an indication that he was already preparing to leave and escape the confines of the village. 

"If you have deceived me wizard, the last strike of my sword will be to split your lying skull."

"Only a fool would lie to a slayer such as you. You need not fear treachery barbarian."

The wizard peered through the smoky haze to make the sacred man-to-man, eye-to-eye, contact which he knew meant more than any words to the barbarian. The wizard understood the unspoken blue-eyed response. Few men ever looked a wizard in the eyes without fear as this barbarian did.

"The villagers are grateful beyond words that you have slain the beast. Now their children and livestock are safe. It is for their thanks and our arrangement that I have helped you, not for your threats. Few men have seen such a creature and lived to tell, let alone slain one as you have. You are favored by the gods. To ignore those favored in such a way is to invite misfortune, it is as simple as that." 

Fafnir still saw the concern in the eyes of the wizard--real or feigned he was not sure--and knew that his threat had served its purpose. He did not think the wizard was lying, but he had been deceived before by the servants of magic so trust would need to be earned. 

"Remember my words barbarian. You will know the moment."

Standing Stone

Another night under the stars and another morning alive! The poison would not claim its price today. The morning air was brisk with the remnants of a chill fog--nothing compared to Fafnir's homeland in the frosted North. 

The envenomed bite in his side ached incessantly as he moved. The pain only fueled him onward. All battles had their price and their scars; he had already borne more than his fair share even for a warrior. The bandages on his right side were crusted in his dried blood, but holding. The bite was manageable for now, his wounded arm likewise. Despite a slight lightness of head, he felt vigorous and alert. The poison in his blood was unmistakable and as euphoric as Stygian lotus.

The standing stone was within sight. Arriving during the moonless night, he had slept almost on top of it unnoticed. He could not read the ancient runes etched into the smooth granite (they were Elven script) but he knew their meaning: a warning to travelers of the dangers of the forest. More importantly, it bore the glyphs which warned of enchantment and the presence of evil. Evil he could handle, but magic was a bigger problem.

Fafnir stood for a long while at the entrance to the wood. He felt danger prickling up his spine; the same feeling he got before a battle...or an ambush. The surrounding undergrowth was thick. The opening in the wood was like a tunnel into another land. Occasional sun beams penetrating the leaves mixed with the dark gloom of the heavy forest canopy. His barbarian instincts were analyzing: every branch, every drop of dew, every tree, every stirring leaf. His hungry blade was already out, unconsciously, ready to taste flesh, hide or fur. Power runes along the sharp heavy blade shimmered in the morning light.

Fafnir entered the sun-spotted gloom, all of his hunting instincts called to bear. He proceeded cautiously along the trail, quieter than most forest animals. He would look for the slightest sign, the slightest out of place leaf. The skills of one who hunts to survive guided him.

