 Synopsis: A mysterious man changes Madame Olga fortunes at the county fair.

Fair-ly Fortunate

*

The county fair was everything he remembered from childhood. Bright colors, loud noises, aggressive smells, every sense bombarded with the best and worst of stimuli. The whole thing had an undertone of age and ugliness, like the overdone makeup on a vain old starlet. He nibbled on whatever in the hell it was on the stick and drank overly sweet lemonade as he strolled, taking in the full experience. 

He mostly watched the people having what appeared to him to be desperate fun- trying to milk the last nice days of summer and pretending hard that the run-down fair was a major attraction. 

Fascinating to watch, really.

The rides gave way to the midway games and he watched the weight guesser ply his trade for a while. He enjoyed the subtle scam the older guy ran, enticing people to his scales, faking them out with flattery, and rarely giving away any prizes. He was tempted to play along when he noticed the gaudily painted canvas advertising the fortune teller. "Madame Olga knows all, sees all, tells all!" According to the lurid prose, this aged gypsy knew the secrets of the universe and your heart and would share it with you for a paltry sum.

He brushed aside the heavy canvas of the tent's front flap, jingling a small bell, and entered a small room crowded with artifacts and fragrances. He chuckled at the items gathered around- a crystal ball sat on a table with a thick deep red table cloth. He didn't have to work hard to see that it was a plastic shell with an LED at the bottom. The thick table cloth covered a cheap stool with a plywood circle on top. The room was as fake as the ball was- a stuffed raven in one corner, tricked out with dim red LEDs in the eyes, a couple of Glade air fresheners in the corner to add the desired heavy scents, a shelf of fake books, lots of hanging 'tapestries' that looked more like garden flags. He was almost laughing in joy at the tackiness of it all. Even the small CD player in the corner playing some Gypsy-sounding music softly. It was all nicely done... if you didn't look hard... or if you did not have near god-like senses.

Madame Olga swept through another flap majestically. He could not help but notice that the back room was much more plain, and she seemed to have been playing on a laptop computer. "You vish to speak to Madame Olga, yes?" Her accent was hilariously fake and sounded more Russian than anything else. His appraisal of her was that she was 53, over-weight, in not-so-great health. She was rather short, but the flamboyant robes, turban, and jewelry she wore made more of a physical assessment difficult.

He peeked into her mind and was unsurprised that she was unexceptional in her intelligence or morality. She knew she was doing a scam, but figured that her customers were paying for the show and to be a part of the game. She felt that she offered a good value for the money, but she missed her youth when she was billed as an exotic dancer and made more in tips than she did for this gig. Even then, he noticed, she did not think she was anything special, but she was good at hiding it with padding, make-up, and other fakery.

"For five dollar, I ken read palm, yes, or cast runes, no? For ten dollar. I ken zee future in ze crystal ball, yes, or do Tarot reading, no? For tventy-five dollar Madame Olga vill do a full psychic reading unt tell everyzing." Oh, this was going to be such fun. First, that annoying fake accent had to go. He asked her to repeat herself. "Like I said, for five dollars, I will read your palm or cast runes for you. For ten, I will either read the crystal ball or do your Tarot. For twenty-five, I will do a complete psychic reading for you, hon." Ah, so much better on his ears.

He asked for the crystal ball reading and paid her the money. He saw her flick the lights on in the ball and almost snickered at how little she bothered to hide the movement any more. He was mildly impressed at the lighting effects- subtle flickers and bursts. He looked into her to see where it had come from and was somewhat surprised that she rigged it herself by breaking into a kid's toy. She may not be smart, but she was clever and creative, which is probably why she was also showing a thick streak of boredom as she gazed into the glowing globe.

She started to spout off a memorized line of the purest BS, tweaked with some intelligent guesses based on his apparent age and appearance. She guessed he was not married (no ring, by himself, etc.), concerned about his job and health, maybe the knees (as most men of about 40 would be... if he was like 'mortal' men, or even anywhere near 40.) He let her ramble on, and in fact, tweaked her a bit so she would go on without noticing that he was not really paying much attention to her words.

How to best play with this toy, he pondered. While he thought, he took care of a few incidentals. He cleared up some developing health issues; removed the bunions, warts, age spots, and so on that pestered her so much; and took care of that arthritis. She felt pleasantly warm, and was pleased that the damn meds she took were actually working for once. She wriggled a little to get comfortable and continued feeding the rube line after line of the stuff people expect- meeting new people, travelling, etc. He chuckled at how right she was without her even knowing it, and made a decision.

Madame Olga felt oh, so pleasant- like a warm ray of sun after a damp day. She did not notice her wrinkles fading, or her skin clearing up. She thought nothing of the fact that her fingers were smoother, almost blemish free. She was feeling a little like a scroll was unrolling in her mind. It was the oddest sensation she had felt in her 53 years, er, in her 48, no, 44, uh, 39 years. She shook her head briefly and shrugged her shoulders. She should not be having such confusion at 39, that was for older people. One part of her mind followed a thread of thought involving how much she did not want to be doing this forever, and wondering if maybe she could get on with the ticket takers or something. This damned tent was so stuffy, it felt like she had been in here for years.

He let her rest for a bit.. De-aging a person was stressful on the body. She had to quickly excuse herself, sweeping out in a flurry of robes. She returned a bit later more regally and much relieved, having gotten rid of a rather large load of accumulated toxins, fats, and so forth. He re-evaluated her as she settled back on her chair much more lightly. She was now 39, only a bit heavy for her height, and purged of most illnesses. Her bones were still changing, which was only normal- the bones and hair took the longest to respond to his powers. 

As the bones reknit, she was getting taller and straighter. He gave a small thought and she absently removed the heavy turban and fluffed her hair. It was visibly darkening and lengthening, gaining curls, waves, and body. Her voice was younger, stronger, and had a slightly musical trill to it. On a whim, he touched her mind again and her voice picked up a hint of an exotic accent, a hint of French and a slight but sexy breathiness. So far, so good, he thought, letting her system rest for bit before getting ready for the next phase. In the meantime, he rewove her heavily-worn clothes to fit her better. Bodies and minds were easy, you set the parameters and let them run themselves. Things like fabric were tougher, and he had little power over the cold metal and jewels, even the fake glass ones she wore.

Susan was a bit confused. Her Madame Olga character was slipping. She noticed that she was not using the accent her mentor taught her, and she was wondering why she was spending so much time on the crystal ball. She should have turned this rube by now and been on to a new customer. And just what was going on with her bra? He noticed the tick in her thinking and quickly responded. He asked her for a full psychic reading and noted the small burst of happiness in her mind- she was getting a nice income from this and got to spend a little more time with the good looking man in her tent. 

He almost blushed- he felt he was passable certainly, but appreciated her evaluation. In fact... she suddenly felt herself slightly embarrassed that she was getting a little aroused, but as handsome as he was, it was certainly nothing unexpected. As Madame Olga prepared the cards for the Tarot reading, he delved into her mind some more.

Susan Passelton was not much of a story. She hated her name and body. She deeply regretted most of her life choices. She left school because it was boring (and seeing it through her eyes, it was more the results of some bad teachers than anything else). She was a waitress, sales clerk, and almost a young wife before she literally ran off with the circus and the lion tamer. That did not go well predictably. Soon she was taking odd jobs in the small traveling carnival, and finding that she rather enjoyed the unusual freedom it offered. Odd jobs gave way to exotic dancing (when the town permitted it), and that gave way a few years ago to fortune telling under the tutelage of the show's old fortune teller.

A wave rippled through her mind.

Suzette Pasquale was sort of an interesting story. She hated her name and body when she was a young ugly duckling, but she had blossomed in school and became one of the more popular girls in her small town in southern France. Her family's poverty limited her choices, but her looks offered her other options as well as gifts and companionship. When some of the attention went too far, her family hustled her off to America where some relatives could take care of her. The beautiful young girl had so much fun in the new surroundings where her name, looks, and voice were considered exotic and opened every door. She found herself in Las Vegas as a waitress, sales clerk, and almost a young wife before she was swept into the world of exotic dance, drugs and sex, eventually finding herself hiding in a small traveling show doing exotic dancing (when the town permitted it), and that gave way a couple years ago to fortune telling under the tutelage of the show's old fortune teller.

Suzette often regretted the choices she had made, but at least she has been off the drugs for a few years now and had a few dollars saved up. She planned on quitting soon and moving back home to France. She mentally sighed as she recounted her dreams once again. She dealt the first Tarot pattern for her handsome customer, licking her mental lips. If she were younger, she would certainly show him a thing or two. He smiled at the images in her mind and decided to go for it. This was becoming so much fun!

Suzette was still laying the cards out when she stopped and looked at her hand in wonder. It was long and slender, the hand of a much younger woman. It looked like her hand when she was in her mid-twenties and still gorgeous. Her nails were long and well-shaped, perfectly coated with a deep red gloss. She turned her hand over and gasped at the long love line, and the oddity of what appeared to be a life line that was partially erased. Suzette did not believe in any of the things she did in her depressing little tent, but she knew what it was all supposed to me, and she had read her own palm often enough to know that these lines were new.

She quickly looked at her other hand and it was as young and supple as the first. She jumped back a bit as a shot of fear ran down her back. She brushed a robe aside and saw a long, shapely leg with cute little feet- also with perfectly painted nails. Suzette leapt to her feet and started to scream in shock at what happened to her body... at the mouse that ran across the tent. As her heartbeat settled down, she again arranged her dancer's legs around the stool and settled back down.

"Please forgive me" she asked with a delightful French accent in her honeyed voice. "Now, where were we again?" She batted her long lashes at the sexy man before her. Her little pussy was so juicy, and her nipples were tight on her large but pert breasts. She felt her heart flutter a bit at the mental images she had of the powerfully attractive man sweeping her into his arms. 

She glanced at the mirror mounted behind him to make sure her makeup was perfect. She saw that her thick black hair was shining nicely in the faux candlelight as it tumbled down to brush her large, creamy bosom. She appreciated the way the hair brought one's eyes to her deep cleavage. Her flawless skin shone gently, highlighting her high cheekbones and small, perfect nose. Her eyes looked good- big and sparkling green, with thick lashes and well-trimmed thin brows. Her red lipstick was properly wet-looking and her lips held in a perfect moue- half-way between a kiss and a smile.

Suzette (Suzi) Pasquale was an interesting story. She hated her name and body when she was young. Her early-developing curves and easy beauty made her a target for jealousy and rumors at an early age. It did not help that whenever she was touched, it aroused her intensely. She quickly became one of the more popular girls in her small town in southern France. She carefully protected her virtue, but she was fun and sexy, and by the time she was in middle school, she loved her life. Suzi did well enough in school, but her heart was not in it. She took several small jobs where her looks helped her and she got to meet people, things like being a waitress, sales clerk, and a young wife when she connected with a sexy locally famous magician. They swept across Europe and America before a series of unfortunate events left her with no money, no husband, no visa, no ideas... literally nothing but the clothes on her back. She eventually found herself hiding in a small traveling show doing exotic dancing (when the town permitted it), and telling fortunes when it did not (like today.)

At a mere 24 years old, Suzi occasionally felt old, like she had been doing this for decades. She was perched on a tawdry stool reading an artificially aged deck of Tarot cards for the sexiest man she had seen since... well, to be honest, he was even hotter than her magician husband- whom he so closely resembled. She shifted gears smoothly. "Let me read your palm now, if you please. The left one to start with." 

His hand felt so warm in hers. She lifted it to her face and breathed his masculine scent in deeply under the guise of examining the details. She stroked it with a long nail in ways she knew would excite him as she rattled off a reading of how long his love line was, how he would meet a beautiful exotic woman (her warm little pussy clenched as she said this) and they would experience something wonderful together. She subtly rested his hand on the top of her heaving chest as she went on about how he was going to find fortune and joy in the near future before reluctantly leaving this hand to take his other hand.

As she looked for his right hand she saw a thick tent in the middle of his pants. She looked up at his face to see him smiling at her. He offered to read her fortune for her instead. Her heart fluttered and her breathing caught as he took her small hand and kissed her palm. He told her he saw a long life for her, filled with adventures and happiness. 

As he read her one hand, he was moving her other to his groin, where it quickly took on a life of its own, rubbing and stroking his length. Her breathing was coming in cute little gasps by now and he lifted her hand again to his face. he kissed it lightly, then her wrist, then up her arm- like in her favorite romantic movies.

He kissed her bared shoulders as her robe slid off, then her long neck and shell-like ear, tangling one hand in her thick curls. She was panting by the time he kissed her moist lips. She felt her cushioned lips pressing against his as his tongue slipped past and she shivered all over.

He slid the rest of her robe off, then began to undo her peasant blouse, and the under wire bra she wore to present her 'girls' to their full potential for the male clientèle. His hands and mouth began to rotate between her aroused nipples, soft breasts, shoulders, ears, mouth, and even her eyes so that she barely noticed that one of his hands was slipping towards her navel, making her tummy twitch in anticipation.She stood to press herself against him fully as he swept off her long slit skirt to reveal her entire body- wide shoulders, broad hips, glorious ass, and strong muscles all over. He smiled at the wonderful work he did on her.

Still clad in long stockings and high heels, she took his hand and led him to the back room where there was a wide cot and several cushions. She sat and undressed him quickly, revealing his large and well-shaped cock. After memorizing every line of it, she quickly took it in her warm mouth and suckled it for a few minutes as he moaned over her. 

Just when his hips were starting to twitch, he slid it out of her mouth and laid her down. Her eyes were wide and focused on him as she settled back on her elbows and spread her legs as far as her dancer's training would allow. He moved his strong torso over hers and slid his thick cock deeply inside her. She trembled again as they settled into a rhythm, wordlessly, moving as one. 

Fluids flowed freely over their bodies as he plowed steadily into her, getting faster and faster with each stroke. He easily grabbed a leg and rotated her so she was face down and he was fucking her doggie-style, which let her slide and pound more effectively. She was groaning as she ground her way through several small orgasms, but she kept slapping herself loudly against him. He grasped her and stood her up, twisted, and laid in the bed himself so she could ride him to a violent orgasm. She slipped off him and lay beside him, spooning and cuddling on the rumpled bed.

He had done it again. Sometimes his control slipped a little when he was lost in sex. Suzi was now maybe nineteen, sleek and slender with perfect skin that almost glowed in post-coital repose, sweat and all. Her waist was trim and her hips slender but flared. Her buttocks were perfectly shaped pears and her generous breasts looked so perfect laying there. Her face was beautifully heart-shaped with model's cheekbones and luscious lips stretched in a quiet smile.. Her black hair was stringy, but long and youthful.

As she lay there, almost asleep, Suzi (Suzette) Pasquale reflected on her wonderful life. She loved her name and body from an early age, even when her playmates complained about theirs. Her early-developing curves and easy beauty helped her make friends among boys and adults, and her sparkling personality helped her have many female friends. She did well in school and just seemed to live a charmed life. When she graduated, she visited America and was visiting a local county fair when she entered the humorously kitschy fortune teller's tent. It was love at first sight when she saw the sexy magician that ran the attraction when he was not on the road with his own up and coming show (like today.)

He had promised her a long life, full of adventures and happiness. As she lay there with her heartbeat finally settling down, she felt certain that he was right.