 Hiding from the sun's light, a young man slept in the shadow of an old oak tree, his hands behind his head, cradling the golden locks that hung so loosely about, framing his youth-full face, he wore just light trousers and a loose shirt, accented with a belt and small pouch that sat at his side. He was enjoying his mid-afternoon nap till it was broken by the small pressure of tiny feet upon his chest, he slowly opened his eyes and looked down at the small fairy that stood on his chest, no more then about 3 inches tall and completely naked, but she had long flowing blue hair that hung around her body and down to touch his chest, she smiled warmly.

"It's about time you woke up Eryk, planning on sleeping all afternoon are we?" She put all her weight on her hip as she crossed her arms and looked to him.

"Well that was the plan till you came along and had to wake me up," he yawned and stretched before looking back at her. "So what is it that you want Rhina?" 

She put on a cute face and walked up to his face and leaned over his mouth, tapping his nose. "Follow me and you'll see" With that she fluttered her gossamer wings and rose off him, then darted off into some trees surrounded in a blue light. Eryk shrugged and decided to follow, getting up off the soft soil and making his way barefoot into the forests of Avalon, his eyes looked around as he searched for her, ever so often he would see a blur of blue, that was her, not knowing what she had planned, he simply followed.

The two had known each other for a long time, Eryk had grown up here abandoned by his parents in a small skift, he ended up on the shores of Avalon, the Fae took him in and raised him as best they could, he studied hard to become a magus of the old ways, learning the magic of Elves and Fairies. Rhina had been born about the same time Eryk arrived and the two grew up together, always the best of friends, now the two where teenagers, of about seventeen or so. The two where always perfect for each other, the only thing that had ever kept them from being more then friends where the definite size difference.

Eryk finally made his way into a small glen, that he had previously not known of, it was very secluded but beautiful still, two springs bubbled up near each other and flowed into a central pool, one spring was hot, the other cold, making the pool a very comfortable and pleasant experience. He looked around and couldn't find Rhina anywhere, so he made his way over to the pool and sat down, what he wasn't aware of was Rhina's eyes upon him, watching from a tree above, she caste a simple suggestion spell upon him, to make him want to take a swim in the water. Eryk after waiting awhile decided it would be nice to take a dip, and stripped down to nothing, and slipped into the water, sinking down to his neck, he relaxed in the warm waters. What he saw next was a very appealing surprise as he saw Rhina walk out of the trees standing about 5'6", she grinned and walked over teasingly, her hips swaying back and forth, her hair covering most of her body, her wings weren't present as she had made them disappear for the time being. She slipping into the waters across from him and slowly swam over to where he was relaxing, she had a very seductive look about her, so much that he couldn't take his eyes off her.

She finally came up next to him and wrapped her luscious legs around his waist and in-circled his neck with her arms, looking deep into his eyes she lightly kissed him, and whispered softly, "I've waited for this day for a long time now Eryk." After a few more light kisses, his arms wrapped around her back and he kissed her softly.

"As have I Rhina, I've wished for this for a long time." He kissed her deeply, his lips interlocking with hers, his tongue slowly seeking hers out, as he rubbed her back sensually. Rhina's hair flowed back through the water as she pressed tightly against his body, holding him close to her, she moaned lightly as he rubbed her back and broke the kiss slowly, before brushing her cheek against his and nibbling upon his earlobe. Eryk's hands slide down and over her hips and thighs, rubbing them softly making her purr in delight. She looked deep into his eyes as if staring into his soul before whispering, "Make love to me Eryk, and make me yours now and forever." 

With her words he slowly lifted her up a bit and repositioned her upon his lap so his cock slowly slide into her cunt, he stopped at coming to her hymen, and looked back to her eyes, as she moved down on him, breaking her hymen, she clutched against him, fighting back tears of pain. Eryk held her close, and kissed her neck softly, he held her like that for some time before the two began to move again slowly at first, getting use to being together for the first time. He began to suck upon her neck as the two moved back and forth, their two bodies becoming in tune with each other, She moaned deeply and loudly, grunting and purring, between breaths, her broken moans deep with pleasure. Eryk's breath was heavy and he grunted lightly with each thrust into her cunt, feeling the incredible pleasure of her wet walls gripping his cock so perfectly and holding tight to him. 

His lips finally left her neck after leaving a red mark from his sucking; one of his hands came up and began to gently massage one of her breasts. She pushed down on him and held tight as her entire body tightened, as she came deeply, her breath broken by a pleasure filled yell of release. He looked to her as she had a very content look upon her face, as she began to speed up. "Not done yet," her voice was sultry and filled with a lustful desire to feel him fill her with his seed, to bring him to the height of his pleasure. She rocked back and forth on his long cock, quicker then before, trying to bring him to climax, but it was hard as her body was completely focused on the cock that moved between her lips and inside of her extremely wet body, she never knew she could be in such bliss as she was in now. 

Eryk's hands both came down to her waist and began to help her along, speeding up their movements making them more quick and deep. She bit her lip trying to hold back another oncoming orgasm, as the water splashed around them, as he fucked her hard, as he felt himself building quickly to climax. She wanted him to cum first and held back the wave of release; she could feel her stomach swelling, as cum filled her womb. He held back to trying to draw things out, the two fucked hard for another two to three minutes at the edge of climax. Eryk finally gave out in a loud howl of pleasure as he shot his cum into her inner body, this sent her over the edge as she held him as close as possible, she came hard and orgasmed multiple times, her juices flowing greatly, the pleasure lasted so long, she thought it would never die down, and when it finally did she opened her eyes to look into his, and kissed him lovingly and passionately.

He held her in a lovers embrace. Cradling her body next to his, the two spent another two hours in the spring in each other's arms, gently kissing and whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears.