 A full moon was the only light given to the open glade within the dense thickness of the trees. Below a high ridge off to one side a clear pool lay, at the base of a soft waterfall. Strangely enchanted the pool was warm instantly to the touch and the sound of the falls made no more noise than a soft whisper of water trickling down a wall. The bed of the glade was laden with thick heavy moss, as gentle as a pillow to lay on. The surrounding woods showed an eternity of trees between it and whatever darkness laid beyond, though it was a sight that comforted those who sought privacy rather than strike fear in them.

It is within this glade that the Fairy Mistress dwelt, it was her private domain, not for the likes of any other being. It was her private realm, a place for her to escape the harshness of the duties her role as Fairy Mistress endured. She often sought solace there, returning whenever she could escape. Alone she dreamed and hoped for better things, yet love, love she hadn't known in so long. Hurt by so many and betrayed by so much deceit, her heart turned icy, and she forgot it, thinking it would never thaw again. As testament to her unkind past, she swore unto herself nobody would ever know of her realm, it would be her escape, for nobody could ever come here, no-one would ever bother her here.

As fate would intervene and spoil all promises destined to be shattered, it did. Walking amidst the courtyard of the ShadowKeep from which she ruled, she noticed upon the grounds a stranger. The stranger was an enigma, a forgotten entity, a long-since gone race. The Fairy Mistress could not identify him as any of a slew of races she had known to exist. His features were unlike any she was familiar with, but they were soft, and had the look of youth upon them, yet the eyes, deep pools of knowledge from which she could tell contained no lack of ingenuity.

Though she may have noticed him, and studied him, he took no notice of her. Going about his buisness, of what seemed to be nothing more than aimless wandering, he took little notice of anything around him. Full of curiousity the Fairy Mistress approached and whispered in his ear a greeting. He turned quickly, though whether he was surprised or not, she didn't have enough time to study his expression. He smiled joyfully at her, a great deal of curiousity swelling in his eyes. Almost captivated by his gaze, she managed to escape long enough to ask his name. He lacked no sincerity in his answer, telling her he was a shadow chaser. He was captured light of the stars, a testament of night's infinity, he told her that he was sent forth to monitor the shadows.

Whether at first she didn't understand or not, the Shadow Chaser soon made it clear. He was made to keep the shadows away. As is their nature, the dark silhouttes plotted infinitely to drive forth the emptiness, to create shells of their owners so they could occupy them. The role of the Shadow Chaser was to drive back the shadows, to prevent the emptiness from consuming and driving away all spirit.

As she listened to the Shadow Chaser tell his story she felt very comfortable yet also marvelled at his tale. He was a beacon of light, Kaivu, she thought, and to her surprise thought it aloud. The Shadow Chaser stopped and stared, politely, but then nodded and told her that his name was Kaivu, and his Duty was love. Whether she realized it at that moment or not, the Fairy Mistress' Heart did melt, and began to beat once more.

"I am Clairva, as my powers call me, and I control the shadows here." Replied the Fairy Mistress. Kaivu just smiled, obviously he knew her far better than she expected. He told her that he had dreamt of her, and many nights his dreams would form in his mind that of a woman, of surpassing beauty, which to his eyes the Fairy Mistress held, who sought escape far off from the world around. Her eyes opened in wonder. he knew what she needed, what she wanted. Almost as if admitting a great secret reluctantly, she told in return that all she had dreamt about was the need to be wanted. Obviously to her surprise, yet not entirely to his, he told her that was why he had come, to keep the shadows from overwhelming her.

Many more nights after that they spoke, and grew closer and spent every moment they could together. He often spoke to her of how he understood the feelings she had, and that he could console her. After such a time, she asked him how he thought he could help her, part from immense skepticism, and part from a deep hopefulness. He smiled politely, and then quite seductively at her and almost to her surprise, yet also to her immense joy he leaned forth and kissed her full upon the lips. The feeling was like a shock of lightning, a powerful surge drew her to him, and her kiss deepened as her body plunged itself into his arms. She was hungry, oh so very hungry for the taste his lips gave, and at that moment the sound of his voice was no more heavenly than a choir of angels would have been. By filling the emptiness with love, the shadows cannot succeed. Kaivu had told her exactly how, though without so much as a word.

After that kiss the truth came to her with a sudden shock of revelation. She felt love again, she felt her heart, the part of her she long thought dead and never to revive again was beating, if not fluttering. Her spirit felt invigorated, and it swelled her entirely. Lust and Desire consumed her, and she knew that she was no longer empty. Drawn from deep within her, she gave a smile, not forced, but a smile of happiness and excitement. Knowing that she had found something she had so long sought for, fulfillment.

To her astonishment when she realized her surroundings she found that she and Kaivu were within her private realm, within the glade. She looked at him in puzzlement and asked how he had come to be here. He smiled as kindly as ever and replied that he was familiar with this, he had often come here in his dreams, and always with her. Then she realized what had happened. She swore to always keep this realm to herself, to escape from the outside world. She knew now that she did not want to escape him, and did not forsee ever wanting to, only to be closer.

"I have given much of myself to you, you are as much of me as you are of yourself." Kaivu told her. She smiled coyly and said "If you think you can fulfill me, you'll have to prove you can." She bit her bottom lip and slowly began undressing before him. He may have been an entity born of the infinitely powerful stars, but he no doubt greatly enjoyed watching as she slowly revealed parts of her bare flesh, inch by inch.

Taking her tunic down to the ground, she procceeded to waste a little magic in undoing her corset. Letting it slip as far as it possibly could without revealing the focal point of her shapely breasts. Turning her back to Kaivu, she allowed the corset to drop to the soft ground, revealing her back, with the symbol of her birthright upon her flesh. She slowly slid into the pool, just by the edge, then turned and laughed teasingly as her nipples lie just beneath the water's surface. Although the water was not cold, she found them to be far from soft, though she knew temperature had nothing to do with it.

Kaivu grinned almost foolishly at her provocative tease. She motioned him with her finger, grinning back, as she slowly lifted her soaked trousers from the pool and laid them upon the bank. Needing no further incentive, Kaivu removed his tunic, slowly, button by button, showing a great deal of self-control at being able to keep from ripping it off. He revealed his skin, soft with very thin blonde hair scattered evenly but sparsely across his chest.

After letting his tunic drop and join her's, Kaivu began to unfasten the toggle holding his own trousers on, then, he gently slid them down, not letting them fall to his feet. Clairva's eyes opened wide with wonder at his nudity. Whether or not it was anything special to behold, she felt a strong lust, an instinctual desire to have him, right then, at that moment.

Her mind won out, for the moment, and gave him a lustful gaze as he slowly approached the pool and slid in with her. Exhaling a deep breath she'd held, Clairva felt her body emcompassed by his arms, taking her into his embrace. Letting her own hands feel him, soft, but also strong, as her hands explored every inch they could from behind him. She felt her lips suddenly pressed again against his, welcoming the loving taste back again, she drew in his hot breath, and felt his desires as well as hers burning so hot within her.

The kiss may have lasted a good hour or so, but even so, when she finally broke it, she wanted nothing more than to return her lips to his. She slowly slid her hands over his chest, and began to kiss her way down his neck slowly. Hearing Kaivu's soft moans as her tongue found his nipple only set her more afire. As she swirled her tongue around the flesh of her lover she felt him harden in her mouth, which aroused her to find out what else may have hardened. Showing surprise by his gasp, but certainly not disapproval, Kaivu moaned as Clairva's hand grasped his manhood. Clearly surprised herself, she broke her lips away from his skin to view what she had felt. Astonished that her eyes beheld the same truth her touch told her, his manhood stood fully erect, and to her eyes, a perfect size.

Unwilling to break her gaze, she kneeled down before him, staring wide-eyed in surprise. Her chin touching the surface of the water, as she slowly wrapped her hand around his thick member, and began to stroke it. To her surprise, she moaned in an exhiliration of lust as she heard his voice accompany the sight of her hand upon him. Almost as if at second nature, she reached down with her free hand, and squeezed her left breast firmly. Arousing her nipples which were already bursting with sensations seemed impossible to her, again she was happily mistaken. Her mouth watered longingly as she stroked his hard shaft in her hand, licking her lips in desire. Her ears burned of pleasure as much as any other part of her hearing her lover's voice sent a chilling warmth through her. 

She took his member and pointed it upwards and slowly ran her tongue from the base of his hard shaft, all the way to the tip. As she did she fixed her eyes onto Kaivu's, watching as the Shadow Chaser was enjoying every moment of it. He had given himself entirely to her, and she knew she wouldn't disappoint him for it. Wrapping her lips around the head of his manhood made her eyes close as she suddenly allowed the sweet taste of his forbidden flesh to arouse her. Wrapping her tongue as much around it as she could, desperately wishing she could taste it all at once, her tongue danced with a fiery passion on him. 

Her knees began to wobble slightly, she felt herself pinching her nipples as she moaned uncontrollably with her mouth around his hard shaft. To her extreme surprise and delight she felt her muscles tighten up, and then let forth a torrent rush of pleasure. Her first release in so long, and she knew it was unlike any she'd felt before. Her legs crossed over as she shuddered, moaning so vigorously she almost let her lover's member slide out of her mouth. The fact that she didn't, she noticed, only increased Kaivu's arousal, feeling her moaining uncontrollably from orgasm as she took him deep in her mouth. Again to her surprise, she found herself taking more and more of him into her, feeling his hard flesh pass between her soft lips made her orgasm all the more intense. After some time, it eventually receded, though she was unable to stop trembling, her heart raced and she had trouble from falling over even on her knees. He had given her the most intense orgasm of her life, without even touching her, or without her touching herself in the right places, or at least, not so physically.

To keep herself upright, she clasped both her hands around and grasped hold of Kaivu's rear. In his surprise, he jumped forward causing his immense hardness to slide completely into her mouth. Clairva did not gag though, instead she found it all the more arousing as she squeezed his soft cheeks while she deeply swallowed his hard thick love tool. Slowly she began to rock his hips by pushing against him, causing him to slowly withdraw and push forward again into her wet succulent mouth. He very quickly learned and without her guidance, continued to push in and out between her lips tightly wrapped around his stiff member. Clairva was determined she'd repay her lover in kind for her shockingly intense orgasm. Moaning loudly he exclaimed "That feels so good", music to her ears, and she already felt herself wanting more pleasure.

Kaivu drew in a deep sharp breath, an indication that he wasn't about to endure Clairva's pleasureful oral sensation much longer. That suited her just fine, she pulled hard at him, encouraging him to go as deep as he could. Surprised that she wasn't gagging, and that her lust was afire made her want as much of him as she could take. Her tongue wrapped around his hard shaft everytime as it slid in and out of her wet mouth. She then felt it start to tingle, and begin to tremble, and she threw her eyes open in surprise, knowing she couldn't have fortold the exact moment. She relaxed them again, and closed them as she enjoyed it more. Her body as completely afire with passion and deliciously rapturous pleasure as she felt her lover's member begin to shake violently within her mouth. The throbbing was only a moment later followed by an intense spray of his seed. Taking him deep into her mouth, she didn't wish to let one bit of it go to waste. She found she loved the sensation as her partner's warm liquid lust flooded her mouth, and the taste of it, a bit salty, was so arousing to her she almost felt she'd burst as well. The intensity of Kaivu's moans accompanied with the intense flood of passion he unleashed lovingly into her mouth made her love every single moment of it. After his throbbing member had slowed, letting out the last few spurts inside her hungry mouth, she still kept his warm seed in her mouth. She rolled it playfully over her tongue, enjoying the taste, and then greedily she swallowed every bit of it. Pulling her mouth back until her lips only encompassed his head, still hard, she squeezed from the base of his hard shaft all the way up, working out the last few drops from within. After swallowing them she reluctantly pulled her mouth off of him, still she looked up at him and smiled wickedly. A smile he too returned, they both knew the night was young, and the fun was far from over.

Clairva's eyes flared over her lover's body, lighting up every inch of him with her piercing gaze. His features so very different from any she'd been familiar with before, yet she felt a warmth of comfort with him. His body while alien and new to her, she found exciting her more and more. Rising up into his arms she pressed her lips to his once more feeling the strong allure of his mouth calling to her. Enraptured as her tongue danced against his lip, she felt totally at peace, and comfortable with him, although her body trembled and tried desperately to control the powerful sensations she felt. Her self-control slipped, and she felt herself weaken, collapsing into his arms in a flurry of passion. Kaivu was engulfed by her ravenous appetite, as she explored his entire body with her mouth slowly.

Bringing herself back to conscience wasn't easy, but she awoke from her lustful transformation long enough to allow Kaivu to guide her out of the pool and lay her down upon the soft warm bed of moss. His hand moved between her legs and she quivered as he brushed over her clit. Her legs parted wide, and she saw up in Kaivu's eyes the look of a man whom succesfully accomplished what he wanted. The disappointment she felt when he removed his hand from her sweet spot was only fleeting as a new excitement arose as she saw her lover mounting himself over her. Clairva soon felt warm lips brushing her own as she lay in eager anticipation beneath Kaivu. He held himself up by his hands, and managed to put no weight upon her, though she felt the warm skin of his chest against her own. She moaned softly as she felt the head of his hardened manhood brushing slowly against her clit. He was teasing her, and she found that she enjoyed it yet at the same time wished that she could fore-go it and lose herself in the pleasure her lover now offered. Almost as if sensing her thoughts, He placed the thick head of his stiff shaft against her warm slit, and slowly penetrated into her.

A shocked gasp, a pleasureful moan, and a squeal of satisfaction flooded from her mouth all at once, to her lover's ears there was no finer music. He too showed the signs of his enjoyment, and moaned softly at first, a light purr, which soon turned into a loud roar of ferocity and excitement. The feeling of his body joined with hers was everything but subtle, she felt an almost instantaneous desire to release again. Finding a way of keeping her control was difficult, yet she endured. The Intensity of the friction caused by his hips rocking forth and filling her wetness with his thick member was of no less force than that of a small earthquake. She felt her hips quaking beneath her, enjoying each individual thrust as if it were the first and last, loving every moment of it. Clairva soon allowed herself to change once more back to her ravenous hungry form, and she squealed mercilessly in delight as her lover pounded her soft channel into ecstacy. The heat of her body felt like a volcano, and she felt the hot sweat off her lover against her, it only turned her on more. She viciously returned her lover's thrusts with her own, feeling his body against hers, made her even more ravenous than she ever thought possible.

Kaivu leaned down and kissed Clairva's soft lips, yet nothing about the kiss suggested it to be soft. Their tongues intertwined and passionately brought them both another level of intensity. Breaking away from her lover's mouth for a moment, Clairva stared bewildered at the ferocity Kaivu showed her, having no doubts of her own, she was surprised by his carnal desires taking hold. Losing herself to his flesh, she continued to buck against him, though thrashing would have been a better term to use. She felt her nipples, as hard as could be, being gently tugged upon, then rapturously engulfed within her heated lover's mouth. Sparks flew then and in some miraculous stunt Clairva managed to maneuver Kaivu onto his back without sliding out of her. Smiling impishly she then began to ride him, knowing full well she enjoyed having control again.

Kaivu's voiced approval was of a more passionate and intense nature than the one she gave when he first thrust into her. He had made her lose total control, and go nearly over the edge of passion, she'd be sure to make him pay for it now. As she raised herself up, she enjoyed the anxious look upon her lover's face turn sharply into that of intense pleasure as she threw herself down, impaling her wet slit upon his fully grown erect member. Although she now had control over the lustful actions, she slowed her own noisy approvals in the way of moans and squeals of delight, which only grew louder. She closed her eyes and furiously pumped her lover's tool deep in and out of her, as she rode him hard. Kaivu's hands took a quick course towards cupping her breasts, and squeezing them softly, at first, then more fiercely when her pace quickened. The feeling of his hands upon her nipples heightened her body's pleasure, but Kaivu's next action pushed her over the edge.

Reaching around behind her, Kaivu had taken a handful of her soft flesh from her bottom in his hand and began kneading it like he would have done dough. Then with a sharp smacking sound, a slap hit her rear, making Clairva squeal all the more loudly. Though his hand didn't stop giving her a sharp smack, his other one casually snaked it's way to the soft crevice between her buns. Her eyes lit up in wonder, and in deliciously naughty satisfaction as she felt his finger probe her from the rear. She moaned loudly and showed her appreciation more by the force she delivered upon sinking down on her lover's stiff manhood. When she gathered down to give Kaivu a deep kiss of gratitude at his bold exploration, she found his face was flushed, his features were slightly pinched. Then she felt a definate twinge within her, she knew he was on his way to climax. She also knew that she was going to give him one intense ride through it.
