 He was lost. There was no mistaking, or thinking he could find his way. The sun was almost lost and he found the mark he'd placed on the tree for the fourth time. Something wasn't right though. He knew he had not turned. He had moved, walking his horse, in a straight line, even brushing some of the tree to ensure he did not turn. But when he reached the tree, at which he'd aimed, there was his mark. Something was influencing the result. 

He loosened his sword and kept a hand on the pommel. He pulled some jerked meat from his saddlebag, feeling the weight of the treasure he carried, booty after he killed the man bear in its hole. He recalled the dead bodies as he drank just a few swallows of his vinegary wine. Most of them only half eaten, dried vomit nearby like the creature regretted the kills and vomited up the parts he'd eaten. One had the chain shirt he wore now, beneath his old pauldrons, greaves and vambraces. Another had the jeweled dagger at his belt, while a third had a ring on each hand that attracted him. 

He put the feedbag on his horse Jewel. The mare was tired, he hadn't rested like he should pushing on for almost two hours after his normal rest time. He hobbled her and removed her saddle, then rubbed her down and used the brush to smooth her hair. Jewel was his prize, war trained, and a real beauty. She was a mare without compare, carrying him for a year now as he moved through the villages, finding their monsters and taking them out. He would receive no pay for this one. When the bear died, he became a man, dirty, caked with blood and hairy, but a man nonetheless. He would tell the villagers the creature was dead, but he would not bring a trophy and they would not pay. It mattered not. There had been silver and gems enough, even a bit of gold, in the creature's lair. 

The immediate problem was his predicament. He pulled forth the magical eyepiece he'd paid a pretty amount for and looked around, activating the magic. Each of the trees glowed with a green glow, a low intensity feeling of magic. There, in the distance, a white spot appeared near a golden circle. He saddled Jewel and took her reins, pulling her behind as he moved toward the white light. His steps became more difficult as he moved forward, and he found the path bending to the side. He pushed himself into the straight line and felt a pop as he and Jewel stepped into the clearing. The white light popped and disappeared as he stumbled into the circle, Jewel right behind and feeling a bit scared. He deactivated the eyepiece and found himself in the middle of a clearing, surrounded by a ring of mushrooms. There was a flash and he covered his eyes. 

When the light diminished, he looked around at a different world. In the distance, perhaps a hundred yards away was a small shack, well kept with a sod roof and a well. Beyond the shack was a cliff wall rising to the heights beyond sight in the dim dusky light. Half way to the shack was a white light, bobbing toward it. He swung astride Jewel and gave chase. But the light was faster and streaked into the window of the house. He tied Jewel to the post and pulled open the door, entering the house. 

Inside was a more or less standard pleasant living space. A bed stood in the corner, not far from the fireplace. Between was a rough wrought chair on which sat a person, turned away, tending the fire and the pot that simmered there. "Slowly, sir, you have frightened her." came a strange, deep, rough voice from the figure. "In this place, we do not offer force to one another. Do I have your warrant, sir?" 

"You do," said the man, "I, Brad of Fe'el do give my warrant that I will not offer harm should none be offered me." 

The figure turned and proved to look as strange as he sounded. He was a cyclops, though of the size of a man. His chin was covered with a black goatee, and he had similar curly hair on his chest where it peaked out of the robe he wore. Aside from his brow, the rest of his head was devoid of hair, his ears, only slightly pointed. "I am Gron and yes, I am a real Cyclops." 

"But, a Cyclops, they are giants," replied Brad. 

"Indeed," he said, "It appears this is a house of accommodation. Sit, have a bite to eat. And you may want to stable your steed. She is weary." 

"I shall tend Jewel first," said Brad. 

"Be cautious outside this place," said Gron, "There are many creatures in the area. They do not normally enter the clearing. But then, neither do men." 

Brad went outside and untied his horse. He heard a call to the right, "This way, sir Brad." He followed the sound and saw the white light fly to the small stable. It was empty, though there were some oats in the bin and a pair of small apples on the post. 

"Where have you flittered off to?" said Brad of the light. "I will offer you no harm, as none have you offered me." 

The light descended from above to a nearby post. He could see now the tiny female, a fairy most like, as she stood upon the post. Her wings folded back and the light became less intense. "Hello, sir Brad. I am Trixie. I was disassembling my trap for the Were when a badger told me you had dispatched the poor beast. I am sorry that you were ensorcelled by my spell." 

"And where are we now Trixie?" he asked. 

"This is the land of the fey, an in between place," she said, "on the one side is the world you know, and the other, the land of the Sidhe. This is the place where neither holds mastery, where the fair folk that do not submit to the Sidhe live."

And she was fair, Brad thought. For such a tiny thing, she was quite alluring. Her clothes, on a human girl, would be considered quite revealing. He finished tending to Jewel and turned her into the stall. All the while, he stole looks at her. It had been some time since he'd lain with a woman. She had long shapely legs and adequate breasts and hips with a narrow waist. Her hair was tied back, but was white and her ears were pointed, her lips, full and very sensual... he shook himself suddenly, throwing off the allure of the tiny girl. As he looked back at her, he could see she was kneeling now, her chest heaving, knees slightly spread. 

"Are you in distress, little one?" he asked and she nodded. 

"It is dangerous, in this place, to consider certain things," she said, "I felt your consideration." She hopped into the air and floated toward him. His hand opened and she landed upon his palm, folding her wings. "I felt it deeply," then she knelt on his palm and let her knees spread wide. 

He raised his other hand and ran his finger over her chest, the cloth there falling open and revealing her. She pulled it 'off' and it disappeared, leaving her naked on his palm as his finger excited her. She leaned back and arched her groin up to the finger then rubbed across it. She moaned in her little voice and shuddered. 

"Yes, do not stop, sir Brad," she said, "I have never felt a human before and this is exciting." 

He stroked her little body for several minutes until she wrapped her legs around his finger and jerked and twitched as her orgasm took her. Now she lay upon his palm. "That is interesting," he said and she flew up, slightly wobbly, but dropped to his groin and waived her hands. His codpiece opened and his erect member slipped out. She wrapped herself again and began to lick and rub. At first the feeling was small, but then it began to grow. He grew close to release and she redoubled her efforts until he suddenly exploded. She flew backward and he managed to catch her gently in his hand as it filled with his seed, covering her nearly completely. 

"Tis a sorry thing that we are not of a size," he said, "I would do this again, but hold you firm against me." 

She was moving his seed to her mouth and swallowing it down, and she looked up at him, "There is the house. Gron was there to help me with the Were when I trapped him, though truthfully, the were-bane I gathered would have been adequate. but in our line of work, we must be prepared." She smiled and flew up, suddenly clean of his seed as was his hand. She was dressed again. "I will see you in the house, the back room Brad," she said and flitted out the door. 

He grabbed his kit and moved into the house. The cyclops was preparing to leave. It had removed the cloak and was now in more traditional gear, fur on wrists and feet, while girded with the same. "Twas good to meet you, sir Brad," he said and handed Brad a small bone whistle. "I made that your size, it will alert me. Should you need help while in the fey. She is my friend, sir. Do not trifle with her." 

Brad grasped forearms with Gron, "It is good to meet you as well. I shall need to adjust my thinking anon. Seems that some thoughts may not be accurate. Fare well, Gron." 

Gron walked to the wall beyond the bed and placed his hand upon a knob of wood in the middle of the wall. The wall itself opened completely and Gron stepped outside, growing to full height. He turned and looked back into the shack with his great eye, his head bigger than the shack completely, then pushed the wall back into place. Brad removed his armor and put it on the rack near the fire, then his sword, taking only his belt pouch, and mystical gear, though he put the rings in the pouch. 

He went to the back room and it was similar to the outer, though it had only a small door in the window frame. It was also not designed for cooking, instead having the necessaries for a sleeping area, including a large bed. Trixie was facing the door when he entered and she smiled. "Hello, sir Brad. What do you think of your pixie?" she asked and modeled for him. Her wings were non-existent in this form, though the rest was very much the same. He stepped forward, only a half foot from her and looked slightly down into her eyes. Her reached forward and opened the small robe-like outfit she was wearing and pushed it off her shoulders. She reached forward and touched his clothes and they disappeared. She pointed and they appeared folded on a dressing table. 

His hands began to touch and feel wandering over her body, while hers did the same. He leaned in and kissed her as he squeezed her tits and she moaned and pinched his nipples. He moved her to the bed and she spun him then climbed atop him as he lay upon his back. She knelt carefully and presented her sex to him and he took it with his mouth. His tongue probing and finding the things that she liked. He was surprised to find she liked all the things that a human girl wants. He sat up, holding her pussy to his mouth as he licked and she moaned as he assaulted her senses. She pushed his head back then turned over and took his cock in her mouth, again, much like a human girl, she pulled it in then out and repeated until the entirety of his cock was in her. They continued to bring one another pleasure until she began to twitch and his balls rose up. Then they exploded in a cacophony of pleasure, covering each other with their juices. He lifted her and lay her on the bed, then lay atop her and pushed into her, his readiness unmodified by anything so pesky as a release of fluids. They kissed as he took her and she ground against him. They didn't maintain the position though. She rolled him and straddled for a time, riding and flexing as he pulled her nipples and played with her body, then he rolled her over and took her from behind. It was there that he found the small nodules on her back, her wing connectors in small form. He touched them and caressed them and she went wild, suddenly expelling her fluids and drenching him. He flipped her back and grabbed her shoulders then kissed her thoroughly as he pounded into her and dumped his seed. 

She rolled him over again, stronger than she looked, sexy and wild, he knew he wanted this again and again. "So, where do we go from here, m'lady?" he asked and she grinned. 

"From here, why, we hunt monsters. This cabin will fit in your belt pouch. We will travel together, fey, mortal and sidhe worlds and take the monsters that slip the boundaries. And each night, we will do this again, and again. If you grow to love me, a child will be born. He or she will be trained by the fey and will join us in adulthood. If we are truly lucky, we will have another. Then in a hundred years or so, we will settle down and live unto our old age." 

"That, sounds like a fitting story, m'lady," he said. "But I was thinking about something to eat." 

They laughed and moved to the front room ate and made their life according to her vision. They are still seen from time to time. A handsome man on a horse, with a white light upon his shoulder. If you look close, you may even see that she is heavy with child... THE END.