 All characters in this story, even those merely mentioned, are over 18

Chapter 1. 

#####

Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, waiting for a big cock to stuff it . . . as the most notorious slut in Tuffetville did every day. It was a warm, sunny day, with a cool breeze sweeping through the grassy hills and woodlands of Tuffetville, so there was little need for Muffet to wear much clothing, not that she ever did. The tight little sundress she wore barely contained her large, cushiony breasts, and the dress was so short that most of her smooth, big ass was left on perfect display. When she bothered to wear panties they were the tinniest little thongs imaginable, with barely enough material to cover the puffy lips of her almost perpetually wet pussy. Her brown curly hair fell in thick ringlets around her bare shoulders, although she tried to keep it under control with a puffy white hat. Despite her 23 year old lewd, womanly body, she had the freckled face of a young curious girl, equipped with big brown eyes and the most perfect pair of fat cock-sucking lips ever slapped on the face of any slut ever born in Tuffetville, which was a small hamlet well known for its slutty girls.

But of all the sluttiest sluts in the slutty sluts-town of Tuffetville, Little Miss Muffet was by far the sluttiest. The moment she turned eighteen she had three big cocks stuffed inside her. The handsome mayor in her mouth, the hunky blacksmith popping her tight little cherry, and the cute shepherd's son up her puckered ass. She loved it, and there wasn't a bed, cot, or pile of hay in all of Tuffetville that she hadn't rolled around in, playing wicked games with all the boys and girls her age, and sometimes their parents as well.

But the problem with being the most desired, most talented, and most experienced little slut in town meant that she was getting bored. There was no one left to fuck her for the first time, and even the hulking blacksmith with his giant cock was no match for her. She could have him wrapped around her little finger in seconds, cumming like a bitch at her feet, just like every other cock and pussy around. She was becoming so bored that she considered moving on, going to one of the larger cities in the west, or maybe the busy ports of the south. Somewhere, anywhere she could find some action. 

But action came to her.

One day a strange man came to Tuffetville, a black man. His skin was like polished ebony, and his muscles were as hard as iron. His clothing was exotic and foreign, and through his tight pantaloons was outlined the biggest, thickest cock Little Miss Muffet had ever seen on anything that wasn't a farm animal.

His name was Spider.

Now Little Miss Muffet waited under a tree up on a hill outside of town, eagerly awaiting her tryst with the black wanderer. He was late. He usually was. That was fine with Muffet though. She understood her man came when he wanted to, and she was just happy that he did. Spider had a lot of other bitches on the side, both in Tuffetville and in the surrounding villages, so Muffet had to do her best to fuck him better than any other girl. None of the men liked Spider, since he easily seduced any daughter or wife away from their father or husband, so he developed a habit of moving from town to town quickly, fucking as much white pussy as he wanted, leaving only broken marriages and mocha-skinned children behind.

As Little Miss Muffet thought about his big, black cock and his hard chocolate muscles she grew hysterically aroused. She spread her legs open and began to pet her angry pussy, trying desperately to calm it down, but it only become further enraged by the unforgivable absence of cock. Pretty soon she was slapping it angrily, hurting herself, trying to cum, but no orgasm was possible on her own. Only Spider could fuck her properly anymore, as she told all the disappointed boys in town. 

"Ha! You become more impatient every day, you fat slut," a sexy, deep voice greeted her. Spider stepped out of the shadows, already removing the silk clothes he wore, unleashing his powerful body.

Little Miss Muffet gasped in fright, almost passing out from a sudden rush of emotion.

"What's wrong, my little slave, do I scare you?"

"Yes," Muffet whimpered. Her lips were quivering, but she spread her legs for him none the less, offering up her hot cunt as if by instinct rather than choice. "But that excites me. I never know if you're going to kiss me or slap me. I can't tell if you're going to be gentle and loving, or fuck me like a cheap whore. You scare the shit out of me, and that makes me so wet."

She clumsily pulled her soaked thong out of the way, moaning pathetically as she rubbed her aching cunt, physically begging him to stop waiting and just fuck her.

"Fuck me," she almost cried. "Please . . . fuck me before I go crazy."

Spider laughed. Muffet was one of his very favorite sluts. Not THE favorite, but one of them. If it wasn't for her hot, slippery throat, and cunt that was as soft as butter, he would have left Tuffetville weeks ago. He was pretty sure he had impregnated both the mayor's wife and his young daughter, and he didn't want to be around when two new black babies popped out. 

"What? No foreplay. Greedy bitch!" His strong hand grabbed her by her brown curls and pulled her up. She squeaked in pain right before ten inches of thick, pussy-splitting meat rammed past her fat lips and down her accommodating esophagus. Muffet was a prize winning cock-sucker (literally, Tuffetville had an annual contest) but even she had a little trouble taking down Spider's womb-buster without gagging a little. Her mascara ran dark rivers down her cheeks as her eyes watered, and long strands of spit dripped from her chin as she struggled to breath. Spider face-fucked her like this until the very last second before she would pass out, and then he let go of her hair and she popped off. 

She fell on her back gasping for air, bubbles of spit and pre-cum popped out of her nose. Her head swam with the thick smell of Spider's intoxicating pheromones, and her body chemistry responded by making her cunt start to moisten up like a watermelon on a hot day. Spider was already on top of her, his dark hands digging into the soft flesh of her pale tits, squeezing them as if they would pop. She whimpered, and then she felt the iron-hard ram's-head of his cock pressing against her pink gate. He held it there for a moment, just to emphasize how much she was going to feel it when he penetrated her, and then he did it.

"FUCK!" Muffet screamed so loud that every bird nearby flew off. "Holy mother-fucking god! Fuck me!"

Spider laughed as he pounded her with the full force of a battering ram, hard enough to break most little white sluts in half, but he knew that Muffet's fat cunt could take it, so he gave it to her. She was screaming her head off so he reached back and delivered a brutal bitch-slap across her drooling face, sending wads of spit flying from her mouth. He leaned down and kissed her then, raping her mouth with his tongue as he raped her pussy with his dick. He was a very good kisser. It was said with one kiss he could make a gentle virgin experience an orgasm, which might have been an exaggeration, but at that moment Muffet began to spasm uncontrollably. She was cumming her brains out, so he decided to let loose, and his cock exploded deep into her willing, open body.

He spurted in her three times, ejaculating five-times the amount of cum most men were capable for producing, and even then he wasn't done. He pulled out, stood up, spurting thick strands of cum across her stomach and breasts, and then he grabbed her by her curly hair and wrenched her to her knees. He put is cock right in front of her slobbering face she was ready for it, long tongue dangling to catch as much of her conqueror's white chocolate as she could. Copious amounts of cum filled her hungry mouth, but even more shot across her eyes, chin, nose, and coated her entire face.

As his orgasm subsided Spider gasped in the afterglow of what an amazing facial he had just given this cheap slut. He really was an artist. Weakly, Muffet began to scoop up cum with her fingers, shoveling it into her veracious mouth. Dripping with his spunk, she smiled up at him with a big bright smile and her two girlish brown eyes, looking very ridiculous covered in as much semen as she was.

"Enjoying your curds and whey, slut?" he asked.

She nodded.

He smiled back, before bitch-slapping her so hard that she was knocked out.  

Chapter 2. #####

Little Miss Muffet staggered awake about an hour later, lying half naked under the same tree, still covered in her master's cum, but he was nowhere to be seen. Muffet whimpered sadly as she stroked the side of her face Spider had so roughly slapped he that it was still a little sore, but nowhere near as sore as her battered cunt was. She poked at it curiously to find that her larger-than-average clit was still erect and she was still horny for another round of rough sex. And she should have gotten one. Spider never came just once with her. Sometimes he'd bust three nuts in a row, one for each of her holes, but this had been their shortest sex-session ever. Normally they fucked for hours, or at least until Muffet passed out from the stress of her multiple orgasms. He had even slapped her out just so he could leave.

"Jerk! That big, sexy jerk!"

She knew what was going on, and it terrified her. Spider was getting bored with her, but that could only mean that he found some new bitch to beat up with his cock. It couldn't have been any slut in Tuffetville, none of them were as dirty or wet as Muffet was. It had to be someone who lived nearby though, and chances were that Spider was heading there now. She struggled to her feet, tucked her big tits back into her tight dress, and pulled up her panties. She was going to find this slut and make the little bitch pay for stealing her man.

Chapter 3. ####

"Hey Muffet," the cute shepherd's son greeted the beautiful girl who had taken his virginity. Everyone knew he was in love with her. "Watcha' up to?"

"Looking for Spider. Seen him?"

"Oh . . . yeah," he moped. "He went past the blacksmith's house. But, you know, if you want, you could come up to my room and I could-"

THUD!!!

Muffet's knee came up into the shy boy's balls like a sledgehammer, mashing them into his hipbone. He fell to the ground crying in pain, clutching his unimpressively ordinary sized penis.

"Thanks, but I'm not interested in your little penis. Maybe you should go fuck a sheep or something. Bye." 

So Muffet strutted into the Blacksmith's shop, swaggering like the sexual bombshell she knew she was. The big, ruggedly handsome blacksmith smiled when he saw her curvaceous young body, so much better than his skinny little wife. He had loved Muffet from the moment he took her virginity, and for a time he had been her favorite cock. 

"My sweet child, to what do I owe the pleasure?" He hugged her, cupping her big ass in his strong, giant hands and pushed her soft body into his, her large tits squishing into his iron-hard chest. He kissed her, but she didn't kiss back. 

"Just looking for Spider. Seen him?"

His disappointment was plain to see. "Yes . . . well . . . he was headed over to the well to gather water."

"Thanks. Bye,"

"Wait!" He grabbed her wrist before she could leave. Little Miss Muffet did not like that one bit. She picked up a heavy looking hammer and swung it up into his crotch, delivering a blow to his testicles that could have easily popped one. The big, strong man fell to his knees, crying from both the metaphorical pain of betrayal and the literal pain in his balls.

"Why . . . (gasp) . . . is Spider so special."

Muffet giggled evilly. "Go ask your wife, or your daughter, or your sister, or any other fucking woman you know. They'll tell you."

Next Muffet came to the well at the center of town, where most of the folk gathered in the beautifully rustic square for dances and festivals. A tall blonde girl was sitting by the well, wearing an expensive dress that was cut low to reveal her firm, milky white breasts. It was Giselle, the Mayor's daughter, the one Spider had knocked up.

"Hello Muffet," Giselle sneered. "You're looking particularly whorish today. Is that dried semen on your chin?"

"S'up bitch." Muffet replied, licking her chin to get the last of Spider's spunk. 

Muffet and Giselle hated each other, but that had never stopped them from experimenting with lesbian love. Why shouldn't they? They were both hot, young and horny. But other than seeing Giselle naked, in bed, with her legs spread wide open, Muffet did not like seeing this ho around town. "Seen Spider?"

Giselle laughed haughtily, rubbing her still flat stomach. She wasn't showing yet. "Daddy went to the east bridge out of town. Says he has something important to---HEY!" Giselle screamed as Muffet callously pushed her into the well. She toppled backwards and disappeared down the dark hole, landing with a splash. Luckily the well was mostly full, so they could fish her out easily enough, not that Muffet would have minded it that much if the rich bitch had drowned. 

Muffet came to the east bridge, a small little thing made of stone that went over a small, shallow stream. It was rarely used because it lead to the eastern woods, which were mostly uninhabited and used only for hunting. Two 19 year old girls were sitting on the bridge kissing. Their blouses were undone, revealing their flat, nubile chests, and their skirts were hiked up to show their skinny legs. The girls were twin sisters, Linda and Lindsey, both redheaded and freckled.

"Hey Muffet!" the girls greeted in unison. Their hands were in the either twin's lap, mildly stroking the other's pussy. "Wanna go for a swim?"

"No thanks girls. I'm looking for someone. Spider. Seen him?"

The twins giggled. "Oh, we saw him." Linda said

"And felt him." Lindsey said.

"He's such a stud. He came right up to us and started kissing us. Most boys are such pussies that they actually ask first."

"And he felt up out tits too, with those big strong hands of his."

"He said we're too small for him still, even though we're almost 20."

"But maybe in a year when we're bigger he'll fuck us like he does to our mom."

"Yeah. Mom can't even walk the mornings after he splits her open with that giant cock."

"He let us play with his big cock for a little bit, though."

"But he took it away when we started to get him too horny." 

Muffet clenched her fists in jealous anger. "So . . . where . . . is . . . he?"

The stupid twins pointed to the woods, obliviously unaware of Muffet's anger. "He went that way. He had some stuff with him. Said he was only going about a day's walk to the east."

"Thanks," Muffet said. She grabbed either twin but their short red-hair and then violently cracked their heads together, knocking them both senseless. She pushed and they both tumbled off the bridge and fell into the shallow stream below. "Fucking retards."

And with that, Muffet entered the dark woods.

Chapter 4. ##### 

Muffet walked all day and all night through the dark woods, and as the air grew cold and the sky grew dark she began to regret coming so unprepared. She had been lead by her burning jealousy to this, being such an emotional person as she was, but her recklessness had never gotten her into this much trouble before. She was cold, hungry, and more than a little scared. The woods were filled with all kinds of trolls and werewolves, just the kinds of monsters who loved to brutally rape stupid bimbos who went wandering in the woods alone. Although, the idea of being gang-banged by werewolves didn't seem all that bad. For one thing, they had fur, so she'd at least be warm.

Carelessly, she walked into a sharp tree branch, and it tore the tight dress off of her body like a candy wrapper, leaving her naked other than her thong-panties and stockings. The cold air kissed her nipples and made them stiffen up, each poking out a full inch. Begrudgingly, she marched on after the cock she needed so badly. 

Finally, something lit up the darkness. There was a light in the distance through all the twisted evil trees. Muffet scampered over, dodging from tree to tree so she wouldn't be seen, although it would have been hard to not notice the curvy naked white woman prancing through the middle of the woods all by herself.

In a clearing in the woods, beside a lake and a waterfall that came from a small cliff, rose a tiny little tower, capped by a small cabin at the very top. Even in the moonlight it was colorful and totally gay looking. Muffet wondered if some sort of witch lived her, but it looked a little too cute to belong to a witch. As Muffet crept closer she could hear the unmistakably sound of hard, rough, bed-breaking sex going on at the top of the tower. From the sounds of it there was a young woman up there getting the daylights fucked out of her, and she was loving every second of it. There was only one man Muffet knew of who could fuck a woman like that: Spider. 

Muffet crept around the tower looking for a door, a ladder, a stair, anything, but here was nothing. There was no way to get up there. Miserable, she cried as she listened to the glorious sounds of epic sex occurring right above her head, so close but so far, and her body responded to the stimulus as it always did. She started to get horny. She found some soft looking bushes to lie down in, trying to keep warm as she started finger-fucking herself to the sounds of Spider's cock-thrusts echoing in her otherwise vacant mind. She just sat there, cried, and masturbated as the fucking went on for hours and hours, before finally it reached its peak. The woman began to scream in orgasmic joy so powerfully that it the tower shook, and Muffet could not resist how absolutely sexy it sounded. She started to spurt as well, and so together the strangers climaxed, and Muffet promptly fell asleep.

Chapter 5 #####.

Muffet woke up the next morning to find the sun shining down on her naked, dew covered body. Luckily it had been summer so she hadn't gotten too cold that night, and the soft grass she was laying on was as comfortable as any mattress. 

When she looked up at the tower something was different about it. A couple of big doors were open to a small balcony, and spilling from the balcony was what looked like yards worth of golden hair. Human hair! And hanging from the very bottom of it was none other than Muffet's black Adonis himself, Spider. He was clothed, but only in a pair of tight silk pants which strained to contain his semi-erect cock, and his muscles were glistening with a sheen of sexual energy. It was obvious just from looking at him that he had been fucking all night. Muffet had never seen him that tired looking before, even after the orgy on her birthday when he fucked her and eight of her friends. 

"When will I see you again?" a female voice called down from the balcony. "I . . . I think I'm addicted to you."

"And I to you, my dirty little girl," Spider called back in his sexy accent. "But I have other gardens that need tending."

"You mean other bitches who need fucking," the woman laughed back. She didn't even sound jealous.

"Aye. There's one fat cock-sucker in a hamlet nearby. I liked her more than most, but I think I've fucked her as many times as I need to. I'm going to visit Tuffetville one last time, just to say goodbye to her and to make it clear to some other bitches I've knocked up that they're on their own. There are also these two petite twins I want to pop, even though they might not be big enough to handle my cock without injury."

The woman laughed. "Well hurry back, stud. There aren't exactly a lot of other cocks around here."

Spider laughed one last time and ran off in the direction that Muffet had just come from. He didn't see her hiding in the bushes, or hear her sobs of misery to know that she was being dumped like another other cheap baby-mama. More mascara ran down her face as she cried and hit the ground with her first. So that was it. The most interesting thing in her life was gone.
