 Princess Penelope tossed and turned in her bed in hot, sweaty frustration, her translucent green negligee clinging to her young, unblemished, freshly nineteen year old body. Her rigid pink nipples stood out from her average, firm breasts, screaming for her to tweak them. Her engorged shining clitoris was equally erect, sticking out of her hairless vagina like a little flag that said "PLEASE FUCK ME." Her long brown hair that she had tied into a single braid that went to the top of her perfect, nimble ass was coming undone. Of course she had tried masturbation, she had tried if over a dozen times by now, and despite a countless slew of orgasms and a very wet mattress she was no closer to a restful sleep than she had been three hours ago.

Princess Penelope had always had this problem: she was a total nymphomaniac, but her condition had only gotten truly unbearable since her eighteenth birthday. Every slight unexpected sensation would send electric shivers through her body, and even a slight wind blowing up her skirt could cause an uncontrollable orgasm that would leave her knees wobbling. Even if a small, uncooked pea was left underneath the mountain of mattresses she slept on, the microscopic bump would be enough to excite her lust, and she'd spend all night humping the surface of her bed like she was trying to fuck it to death. 

Unfortunately this condition of hers was hardly a secret, and Penelope's mother and sisters loved to tease her about it. The Queen would often greet her daughter in the morning with a loving spank to her tight, little ass, provoking an orgasm so powerful the young princess would scream. Her sisters would pinch and kiss her, knowing full well that for Penelope a mere caress was like being fucked by a horse. The teasing and prodding during the day was one thing, but having to go all night in a sexual hysteria was too much for her. She needed her sleep, it was the one time that was all for herself and not for her family, or the kingdom, or the court. She wanted these mere eight hours to herself so she could get some blessed rest, but her raging sex-drive simply wouldn't allow it.

Giving up on sleep, she hoped out of her bed, which was made of a dozen mattresses piled on top of one another, and went to the massive gold-plated door that lead to her large bedroom. She opened it, peeking out into the hall, her naked body showing perfectly through the transparent green material of her gown. Even the chill of the hallway was enough to make her swoon. There was a young maid wondering the halls, looking rather frightened and lost.

"You, Tiffany, Get your little ass over here now!" Princess Penelope snapped. She was not always mean, but the combination of intense arousal and lack of sleep turned her into a total bitch.

The maid squeaked and ran over, nearly tripping on her high-heeled shoes. "Yes Princess Penelope. Do you need me to . . . kiss you . . . down there again, so you can go to sleep?"

"No, I've already tried alleviating myself over a dozen times, and I doubt your clumsy little tongue will get the job done any better than I can. One of my sisters must have placed another pea in my bed somewhere. Once it is removed I should be able to get some sleep."

"Do . . . do you want me to find it."

Penelope snorted. "No, dummy. You couldn't find a cock on a man if he was fucking you up the ass with it. Go get that new maid, the one with the big ugly tits. She seems smart. What was her name?"

"Cinderella, your grace."

"Yes. Go get me Cinderella."

#####

The cute, timid maid pranced through the halls of the palace in her tiny miniskirt and open blouse, the typical uniform for a maid of the palace, as she looked for Cinderella. When she found the buxom thirty year old she was on her knees sucking one of the fattest cocks the little maid had ever seen. Cinderella was brand new to the palace but she had made quite a splash on the first day, turning heads and wetting panties with her amazing, lewd, curvaceous body. Her golden hair was always tied up in a bun, but was always slightly disheveled. Her large breasts swelled in the tight constraint of her skimpy uniform, and her luscious ass stuck out like a battering ram. Cinderella hadn't been employed for more than a day before rumor had it she fucked the King and the Queen without either finding out about it till later, and she was now their most frequent bedmate. 

At the current moment Cinderella was only half dressed, her large tits hanging out, her thong dangling above her ankle. She was bobbing her head on eight inches of cock, belonging to a rather handsome guardsman. Long strands of spit were dripping from her pouty, pink lips and onto her smooth, shining breasts.

"Um, Excuse me," Tiffany stuttered.

"Hm?" Cinderella looked up, never stopping her felatio.

"Cinderella, Princess Penelope requests your presence in her private bedchamber."

Cinderella's mouth loudly popped off of the guard's cock, causing it to wave up and down and slap wetly against the top of her head. "Penelope? That bitch? I would have never figured her for a lesbian. I mean, I've been munching on her sister's cunts for weeks and she's never even looked at me twice. I'm surprised she even knows my name."

Tiffany's little legs danced as she felt herself getting wet. "Um . . . well . . . I don't think she needs . . . that."

Cinderella looked annoyed, tired, and hungry for more cock. "Well then why can't you do whatever it is that bitch needs?"

"Well . . . it's just . . . her sisters keep hiding things in her bed which keep her from sleeping soundly. She needs someone to help her look for whatever it is keeping her awake, and she doesn't really trust me. Last time it took me almost an hour to find an acorn her older sister Suckle had hidden underneath her seventh mattress." 

Cinderella groaned reluctantly, but she stood up and pulled her panties up, struggling to get her massive breasts back into the small cups of her white blouse. "Sorry Randal, we'll have to take a rain-check on that blowjob."

"Aw, c'mon babe," Randall groaned, clutching his obscenely large, hairy cock. "Don't leave me with blue-balls like this, it'll kill me."

"Well, alright," Cinderella smiled. She grabbed Tiffany by her black hair and pushed the girl to her dainty knees in front of the imposing Randal, his hot spit-covered cock looming above her pretty face like a bludgeon. "I'll go help Princess Bitch with her mattress, you finish up here. Thanks sweetie."

Cinderella laughed haughtily to herself as she left the room, closing the door on the sound of Tiffany gagging on Randal's big dick. 

#####

Things had not been going to great for Cinderella since she turned thirty. She had thought her life was going to end happily ever after just a few years ago, after she had gone to Prince Sexy's ball in nothing but the transparent lingerie and glass underwear given to her by her Fairy Dominatrix. She had snuck away from the abusive stepmother and stepsisters who used her like a cheap sex-toy. She had managed to seduce Prince Sexy and he even proposed to her, right in front of those evil cunts she called her family, and the next several years were filled with globe-trotting vacations, shopping sprees, and sex like she had never imagined. She had foolishly though that Prince Sexy would be hers forever, that his big, perfect cock was for her pussy alone, but then he met that lazy slut Sleeping Beauty and that was the end of that. Now Cinderella was out on her ass with nothing to her name but her big fake tits and cock-sucking skills that could drain the water from a stone, and despite briefly being an actual princess, she was now just a lowly maid again.

When she got to Princess Penelope's room she walked in without bothering to knock. She was still getting use to being a maid rather than a princess herself, so her manners were a little lacking. She laughed when she saw Princess Penelope sitting in a chair, her slender legs spread wide open as she polished a wooden dildo with her dripping cunt, moaning in pleasure. 

"Need help handling that wooden cock, Princess?" Cinderella laughed haughtily.

Penelope's eyes went wide with shock and embarrassment, and she reluctantly tore the dildo free and tossed it aside, flinging droplets of pussy-juice everywhere. "Eek! What, what the FUCK are you doing?"

Cinderella rolled her eyes at the shy slut. "Answering your summons, oh your majesty," she sarcastically said as she curtsied, showing off her endless cleavage to the still developing nineteen year old. "I hear you need someone to tuck you in."

Penelope looked so angry her pretty head might explode. She hopped to her feet and pulled her nightgown down to cover her nakedness, not that it mattered. Her sweat made the material so transparent Cinderella could study every detail of the princess's lithe body. Her medium sized breasts, her pert nipples. Her flat, toned stomach and supple thighs, not to mention the most edible little ass Cinderella had seen since Prince Sexy left her.

"There's something in my bed and it's keeping me awake. Find it!" she pointed towards the twelve mattresses piled up on one another, each stuffed with goose-feathers and woven from the finest silks and cottons.

Cinderella chuckled, her large breasts jiggling. "Sweetheart, I've been in orgies that required less bedding than that. Why do you have so many mattresses?"

Penelope stamped her foot. "You're a maid. A fucking MAID! You don't question me, you just fucking do it!"

The angry princess was gasping in exhaustion, frustrated that this buxom bimbo was wasting precious minutes of her sleep instead of doing her job. She was also upset because before Cinderella had barged in Penelope had been mere seconds from climaxing, and beings so denied was driving her a little batty. She hoped that this big-tittied servant didn't see the steady dripping coming from her hairless cunt. 

Cinderella was seriously considering slapping the shit out of this spoiled little minx, then bending her over and spanking her like Cinderella's stepmother had spanked her, with vicious slaps and probing fingers. But Cinderella wasn't as hotheaded as she used to be, and she really needed this job if she was ever going to pay off her silicon tits, so she shrugged and started ruffling through the sheets and mattresses, looking for anything that would cause this princess's panties to get in such a bundle. 

"What the fuck am I looking for?" Cinderella asked after a few minutes.

Penelope almost missed the question she was so intently enrapt by Cinderella's big ass peeking out from under her miniskirt. "Um . . . I don't know. A pea, or an acorn, or a nut. Something small and round."

Cinderella rolled her eyes again. "A pea? Really? Your little ass can't handle a pea? You're sitting on twelve fucking mattresses, how can you even feel it?"

Penelope was in no mood to explain herself, but she just wanted this whore to work, so she spoke. "I've . . . I've always been really sensitive. Like, REALLY sensitive. Mother says it is a sign of my royal breeding. None of my sisters take to work or toil well, and we all like to avoid the sun, but I more so than anyone am especially responsive."

Cinderella giggled. "Is that why you can't even put a dress on without peeing yourself?"

"Ex-excuse me!" Penelope stammered, embarrassed and enraged.

"Just the other day the seamstress tried to slip a silk dress on you and you started cumming your little brains out, peeing all over the place like a horny nympho. The maids talk, you know. There aren't many secrets amongst the help. I know what you and each of your sisters are up to every night, who's hiding what under their beds, who's fucking what stable boy, and stuff like that. I know the name of the farmhand whose been fucking your mother like a cheap whore for the last year, and I know which bathroom has the false mirror so your father can watch his sexy little daughters bathe. And I know that you are a complete . . . total . . . utter . . . unforgivable . . . dirty little SLUT!"

"You . . you . . ."

"I use to be a princess too, you know," Cinderella blurted out in anger. "And my castle was a shitload better than this fucking whorehouse. I once thought I was the most important piece of ass in the world, just like you, and for a while I was right. But then one day my prince dumped me, and it all left just as quickly as it had come, and now I'm here, in this shithole, waiting on hand and foot to a bunch of spoiled, horny, dirty, worthless little sluts who can't even control their libidos."

Penelope could feel her heart about to explode. She had never been spoken to this way, not by anyone, let alone a fat-breasted whore with a big ass. "I . . . I am not a . . . I can control myself."

Cinderella rolled her eyes one last time. "Oh please."

Cinderella reached out and cupped Penelope's pretty chin in her hand, pulling her face up for a sudden, deep, erotic kiss. Cinderella slipped her experienced tongue down the amateur's throat and tickled her from the inside, wrestling the younger tongue into sweet submission, moaning so deeply that it vibrated in the girl's chest. Such an expert, mind-blowing kiss would have been enough to provoke a spontaneous orgasm from any ordinary slut, so for a hyper-sensitive nymph like Penelope it was almost lethal. Her body started to shiver and spasm like her spine was ready to snap in half, and without warning or control her body just let go. The sound of liquid splashing against the carpet filled the room.

Penelope was peeing herself.

Cinderella released the kiss, leaned back, and laughed boisterously, causing her large tits to shake in Penelope's face. "Holy shit! You are peeing yourself! What a stupid bitch! You aren't even house trained."

Penelope could feel hot tears rolling down her cheeks as warm water ran down her legs. She had never been so embarrassed in her whole life. 

Ssshhhhhhhlick!

Penelope nearly screamed her head off when Cinderella reached down and stuck two of her long, strong fingers right into the princess's hot, dripping pussy. She tried to scream but as soon as she opened her mouth Cinderella pulled the princess's face into her generous cleavage, smothering the younger girl in her sexual valley as she started to quickly finger-fuck her.

"Oh, poor baby," Cinderella insincerely cooed as the princess screamed in her chest. "Are you having trouble going to beddy-bye? Don't worry little slut, mommy know who to put a naughty girl to bed. Mommy's just going to have to fuck you so silly that you pass out."

Penelope tried to scream as a little orgasm jolted through her body, but she couldn't even see as Cinderella's large breasts swallowed her head. She tried to kick and move away, but Cinderella's hand was so deep inside her already that she couldn't pry herself off, and her body began to betray her as her hips humped into her rapist's open palm. She tried to push away, but she only weighed 100 lbs, whereas Cinderella was almost six feet of solid curves. She flailed around for anything, and her hand eventually found the neck of a flower vase.

SMASH!

Penelope swung the vase into Cinderella's head, smashing it into smithereens against the bimbo's large bun. Cinderella released her hold on Penelope's cunt and staggered back, blinking in pain as she fought to regain control.

Cinderella gasped, "You . . . you little shit-"

"YOU DON"T FUCKING TALK TO ME THAT WAY!" In a unprecedented show of strength Princess Penelope lifted up the wooden chair she had just been sitting in and smashed it against Cinderella's back, causing the chair to shatter into a hundred wooden fragments. Cinderella collapsed on the ground, her large tits cushioning her fall somewhat. Penelope stepped over the taller woman and straddled her back, the princess's hot pussy leaving a stain on the maid's uniform. Penelope grabbed Cinderella by the hair, pulled it back so that her head arched painfully upward, and then she spat all over the maid's face.

"Princess? What bullshit. I remember you now, your story was in all the papers. You were Prince Sexy's most recent wife, right? The one with the high-heeled boots made of glass? I heard he dumped your fat ass for a younger, sexier princess. You're the dumb bitch here, not me, you fucking cunt. He used you like he uses all women, as an easy cock-sleeve, and then he threw you away like the human trash you are, like I'm going to after I'm done breaking your face, bitch!"

Penelope slammed Cinderella's face into the floor, which thankfully was thickly carpeted, but it still hurt. Again and again, the princess slammed the maid's face into the floor, waiting for her to be knocked unconscious, and the princess even managed to reach back and tear at the maid's skirt. It came off with a load 'rip,' and then Penelope did the same to her blouse, causing Cinderella's massive tits to bounce up. The princess was going to have her disobedient maid both naked and unconscious soon. Wouldn't that be fun? 

But Cinderella had enough control to reach back and grab Penelope by one of her elbows, pulling her down from atop. Together they rolled around on the floor in a clumsy catfight, punching each other in the stomach and pulling at each other's hair. The last remnants of Cinderella's skimpy uniform fell away and she was left completely naked, save for the black choker she wore and thigh high socks. When they rolled into a wall it was Penelope on top, which was too bad for her, because another vase was knocked loose from a shelf and it came down on her head. 

"Ouch!"

Cinderella used the opportunity to curl her long, powerful legs underneath Penelope's body. By the time the princess realized what was happening the maid already had her high-heels pressing against her smallish, firm tits. Cinderella kicked, and Penelope was sent skyward like she had been shot by a catapult. She flew through the air and struck against the side of the mattress pile, bouncing off of it and landing on top of a small table she had in the middle of the room. The small wooden table smashed under her body like it was made of brittle glass, and she was left dazed and disoriented in the rubble.

Cinderella stood over her like a barbarian queen, foot planted on her prone conquest, slowly kneading the young princess's breasts with her toes. 

"At least I had Prince Sexy for a time. He married me, you little slut, even though I was born a peasant. I EARNED my crown, you just inherited it. The only thing you've earned is a serious ass-whooping."

Then Cinderella grabbed Penelope by her long braid and pulled her to her feet. The princess just stood there with a vacant look on her face and wobbling knees, too dazed to fight back or even understand what was happening. Her whole life she had been pampered and spoiled, protected from any extreme danger, but right now she was losing her mind to overwhelming sensation. The pleasure and pain swirled into an indescribable feeling the was swallowing her mind.

Cinderella paced around the dizzy princess like a lioness around a wounded gazelle, completely aware of how lost the little bitch was in her own sensation. She stood before Penelope and sized her up, the young princess's head only coming up to Cinderella's collarbone, her face level to the maid's massive tits. Cinderella licked her lips as she admired the Princess's youthful body only covered by her expensive, transparent green negligee. Cinderella grabbed the wispy robe by the neckline. 

"Silly girl, sluts like you don't deserves such nice clothes." The green material came off in a single rip and Cinderella peeled it off of the girl's body. Penelope could only whine as another small orgasm rippled through her damp, hot body as the warm air of the room washed over her.

Cinderella gabbed Penelope by her tightly braided hair and pulled her head down, simultaneously raising her knee into the younger girl's gut. Penelope wheezed in pain as the air was knocked out of her, and Cinderella continued her assault by raising her knee into Penelope's stomach two more brutal times.
