 She was sitting in the swing underneath the huge tree in the front of the house, the one slightly out of sight, but where you could still have a good view of the drive. As children they used to play here in the summer. They would climb up into the tree and spy on all her parent’s guests at their fancy dress balls. Her brother would push her higher and higher at her request, much to their nanny’s dismay. A lady should act more refined, Nanny would always tell her. 

When she was thirteen they were separated. Her brother was sent off to school to train to become a warrior and to serve their King in his later years. She was kept here, at the family’s country home, away from any threat of danger and was groomed to be one of the Queen’s Ladies in Waiting. She was also betrothed to one of the fancy lords in the King’s court. 

She was sent to the court to serve her Queen when she was barely fifteen. There she and her brother were reunited and would spend every free second of their time together, as twins are want to do. She served her Queen until her eighteenth birthday and the time of her wedding to Lord Tyler. She had only met him once, on her first day at court. He smiled politely and kissed her hand, then left her standing on the outskirts of the ballroom to dance with another lady of the court. 

The days before her wedding seemed to come upon her in a flash. One moment she was a carefree girl, giggling and dancing around her rooms with her twin and the next moment she was a grownup, facing grownup responsibilities. 

It wasn’t that she was unhappy with the life her father had set up for her, she just wished that she had been giving a say in the matter of her husband. But she couldn’t remember the last time she had seen her father, much less had a conversation with him on any subject. He had wanted a house full of boys, instead he got the twins, killing his much loved wife in the process of birthing them. 

Thus, she grew up feeling she was the outcast. As the last born twin, and a girl to boot, the blame was laid upon her shoulders. She the reason her mother died. She a breach, the midwife had to push up back up into her mother’s womb and twist her around. She was the reason for being born from a dead womb.

She sat in the tree, the day before her wedding, waiting to see her father come down the drive of their country home. She had been sitting there since breakfast, waiting patiently. Now she wondered if he would even bother to show up. The wedding was in the morning, she still had fittings to attend, for her troussie. She didn’t want any of this, her husband to be was a known rouge, he had slept with just about every lady in the court, save the Queen herself – and it wouldn’t surprise her if he had tried to woo the great lady. She was afraid of him. He towered at least a foot taller than herself. He was a glutton of a man, he smelled and he drank to slovenliness. Surely, her father would never force her to marry such a man; he would bring shame upon her family sooner or later. Thus, she sat. And she waited. And she hoped.

At dusk her brother joined her in the tree. He had seen her in the boughs earlier in the afternoon, when everyone had been looking for her and getting worried – well, everyone but him. He could feel the sadness radiating off her, sitting in the tree all alone. He knew for whom she waiting and watched, and knew it was not her husband-to-be.

“Do you remember,” he said in his quiet, gentle way, “when we were children and we would run off down to the woods to the fairy circle and make wishes as we held hands and danced until we would get dizzy?”

She smiled, the memory was one of her favorites. “I used to have to talk you into going down there. You were afraid the fairies would catch us and take us home with them as their prisoners.” She turned and looked at him, with tears in her eyes. “That was one of the few differences between us, even back then. I was hoping to be taken away from our family, and you were afraid of it.”

“You now have your wish. Tomorrow you will be taken away to a household of your own.”

“But I will still be under a hateful man’s thumb. I will be the new toy for a while, then he will go back to all the women of the court, and I will be, once again, left behind in a drafty old house to sit and wait.”

He wasn’t sure what to say to her. How to comfort her. He never had been. As children he had had fantasies of standing up to their father when he would lash out against her, but that was all they were, fantasies. He could never bring himself to stand up to their father, for fear of learning that he hated his son as much as his daughter. 

Suddenly he laughed, thinking of a wonderful idea. He smiled at her bewilderment and climbed out the tree, holding his arms up to help her down.

“Let’s go back to the glade and dance one last time. It will help cheer you up, and hide you from the servants at the same time.”

She laughed as they raced across the lawn toward the forest, as they had done as children. She cared nothing for the sopping hem of her new gown. She had almost forgotten about the fairy circle and the wishes she had made as a child. She vaguely remembered the dreams she would have at night, after their secret visits. The wonderfully kind fairy folk who would whisk her off to their world and the happiness they surrounded her with when she was with them. But she always awoke in her bed the next morning, convinced it was all a cruel dream. That such happiness was never meant to be hers.

The glade hadn’t changed at all, she noticed. She had expected to not even recognize it any longer. Expected the grass and weeds to have overgrown, the stump of the tree to be rotted out. But it wasn’t, and it hadn’t. Everything looked exactly the same as it had the last time she had been here. The grass was a wonderful shade of green. The trees as lush and healthy as ever. The tree stump still looked like it had a bit of sap rising to the top from a fresh cut. The wildflowers still looked on happily from the outskirts of the glade. Most importantly of all, was the fairy circle around the stump of the tree. The grass worn slightly away, as if by little dancing feet going around and around. The sparkle of magick was still thick in the air, as it had been as children, still able to make them laugh and feel as if their hearts would burst from happiness.

The twins joined hands and followed the circle around and around. They danced and danced and laughed together, letting go all of their adult responsibilities and feeling like the children they once were. She released her brother’s hands and danced alone for a while. Closing her eyes and wishing with all her might that she didn’t have to go back home, that she didn’t have to face the wrath of the staff – who had known since her childhood they could abuse her with no risk of reprisal from her father. She wished even harder that she didn’t have to face the eve of her wedding to a boorish and horrid man she had no feelings for whatsoever. 

She vaguely recalled the face of a young man from her childhood dreams. How handsome and kind he had been to her. How he had calmed all of her fears when she noticed daylight was coming and she had to go back to her home, her bed, her lackluster and loveless life. She wished that she could see him again, that he would keep her safe once again, that he would save her from this marriage.

Her brother’s voice broke her trance. “We really must go back home. Don’t worry about the servants, I’ll take care of them.” He held his hand out to her, ready to walk back up to the manor.

“Must I, really? Please, let me stay just a little longer, I promise I will be back before long. I just want a little more time to myself. Tomorrow I am afraid I will never be left alone again.”

He winced at the pain in her voice. He had never been able to deny her anything she asked, for she rarely asked. She was his twin, they felt each other’s pains and joys. The joy was so rare for her, he knew he could not say no to her tonight.

“Very well,” he said. “Just make sure you are in your bed when I check after supper.”

“Oh, I will, I promise!” She ran up and jumped into his arms happily and kissed him softly on the cheek. “Thank you, thank you for being my brother.” She hugged him one last time before he left and promised once again to return home soon.

After he left the glade she skipped around the tree stump a few more times, thinking of the young man she had once dreamed of almost nightly. Where had her dreams gone? All of her hopes and dreams seemed to have died off when her brother had been sent away from her. She had stopped wandering in the woods, she had stopped climbing trees. She had started hiding in her room, quickly stepping into her wardrobe when she heard footsteps outside of her rooms.

She settled down in a plush spot in the grass and looked up at the branches of the trees and the glimmer of moonlight that shone through their branches. She felt at peace here. She closed her eyes and breathed in the night air. She felt more at home in this open and airy place than in the enclosed loveless prison of the manor in which she had grown up. 

She felt a sudden presence, knowing instinctively it was him, her young fairy, and her eyes snapped open. Sitting up, she gasped at the sight of him. He had grown a little older, but was the same young man she had danced and fallen in love with when she was older than a child, yet not old enough to be a woman.

“Am I dreaming again?”

“No, my love. You are as awake now as you were as a girl. It was you who were convinced you were dreaming. Maybe it made it easier to go home each morning, to believe it was all dreams.”

He held his hand out and helped her off the ground, taking her into his arms in an embrace so sweet and full of love she started crying.

“Don’t cry, my love. I’ve been here the whole time, waiting for you to return. For you to remember we were here, waiting for you to come back to us.”

She buried her face into his chest, sobbing. “I was afraid to come back, I was afraid it wasn’t real. Then I made myself forget, because remembering made my heart hurt too much.”

He lifted her chin with his fingers and looked her in the eyes. “I told you, when you came of age, I would come for you. You would be mine and would be safe for all time. Did you really think I would leave you in a place where love was not allowed to you? Where your own brother is too afraid stand up for you?”

Tears flowed down her cheek, she didn’t know what to say. The memories of her time in the fairy world came streaming back into her memory. His promises and her love, even though she was only fifteen, considering herself undeserving of any love and practically an old maid. It wasn’t long after that when her father had sent away her brother. She supposed she had appeared too happy. Her father had been adamant that she not be and knew taking away the only person in the household who loved and cared for her would break her spirit. It took her brother many months to convince him to send her to court to serve the Queen.

She heard voices and peeked behind him. All the wonderful fairy people she had known in the past were standing there, smiling at them both. She ran to them and accepted their embraces and kisses. She was, and always had been, a part of them and a part of their world. They had accepted and adopted her as a mere child of seven, knowing theirs was the only real family she had, the only real love she had known next to her brother’s.

She looked back at her fairy king as he walked over to her, placing a thin silver chain around her neck. At the end of a chain was a tiny iridescent heart in the form of a Celtic knot. She knew instinctively that this was the fairy version of a wedding ring and simply smiled as he gathered her into his arms and closed her eyes as the world she knew faded away.

When she opened her eyes again, she was in an incredible bedchamber. Its elegance and splendor she had never before seen, not even in the royal castle. There was a warm fire to keep out the chill of the spring night and the vast bed was covered in soft deer hides and animal furs and copious amounts of pillows filled with down feathers. Beautiful wall hangings adorned the walls, intriquite rugs on the floors.

He kissed her, reaching behind and slowly undoing the tiny buttons of her dew-ruined gown. They both laughed at the fumbles caused by his shaking fingers. Finally, he peeled her gown off her shoulders, leaving her only in her corset and stockings. She blushed, feeling very self-conscious about her body and was nervous about his reaction to it. He took a deep calming breath before reaching out to undo the laces of her corset. As much as he loved the look, he didn’t understand why women wore such restricting garments. He threw the offending item to the floor, once again lifting her chin to look into her eyes. 

He smiled at her, bending down and kissing her fully and deeply. He tentatively touched his tongue to her lips, adoring the way her mouth opened to him. He explored her mouth with his tongue, feeling her own meeting his as they danced that age-old dance of passion and desire. His hands left her hips to travel up and grasp the hardened nipples of her breasts. She gasped in shock and then moaned with pleasure, as his mouth trailed down to replace his fingers. Her fingers twined into his hair and pulled him closer to her. 

She was standing shakily and thought her knees were going to fail her, when he picked her up and walked over to gently place her on the bed. His mouth went greedily back to her breast while his hands roamed further down. She moaned loudly, her legs instinctively wrapping around his back.

She was vaguely aware of his hands removing her stockings and garter and her underwear. She felt as if she were floating in the mists and didn’t care about anything at all other than his next kiss, his next caress. She felt his tongue on the inside of her ankle, felt it moving slowly up as his teeth nipped at the skin on the inside of her thigh. Waves crashed over her when she felt his hand touch the little bud between her legs, which only she had ever touched before. The orgasm took them both by surprise. He couldn’t resist putting his mouth there and tasting her juices, feeling a second orgasm take her. 

Hearing her soft moans and feeling the buck of her hips only spurned him on. He licked and nibbled at her outer lips, inserting his forefinger carefully into her wet and open pussy. Feeling the tight virginal walls contract against his finger as he slid it in and out, licking her and teasing her while his other hand pinched and twisted her nipples. Her third orgasm did away with all of his remaining self-control. 

He heard her whimpers as he stood up from the bed. He shushed her as he stripped as quickly as he could. Then he lay beside her, stroking her hair, kissing her eyelids and her nose and then finally reclaiming her mouth. His hand traveled back down to her pussy and he smiled as her legs parted trustingly to his touch.

He knelt between her legs, his stiff twitching cock aching to bury itself inside of her. He placed a pillow gently under her hips, grasping them as he slowly pushed against her opening. Her hands roamed up and down his chest, teasing his nipples and then working down slowly, curiously. He pushed in a tiny ways, not even covering the head, before pulling out. He didn’t want to hurt her any more than possible, so was taking his time and opening her up gently. In and out, going a little further each time, hearing her gasps and feeling her hands over his body, driving himself insane with need and lust. Then he felt her tiny hands grasp his cock, running down it’s length to the junction of her pussy, the coming back up, teasing his balls with her fingertips. 

He lost all of his control. With a guttural growl, he bent over and kissed her roughly at the same time he pushed his way all the way into her body. She cried into his mouth, more from the surprise than the pain. He took the opportunity to thrust his tongue into her mouth, staying still against her body while it accepted him into itself. Slowly he moved inside of her, back and forth, never pulling back very far. Her nails dug into his back, her face and body glistening with sweat, her back arched and eyes half closed with passion and pleasure. When her hips moved against his actions, he lost his control once again. He pulled almost all the way out and slammed into her, her screams of pleasure only spurred him on more. 

He pulled all the way out and rolled off her, she whimpered and reached for him. Grabbing her hands, he kissed their palms, then gently turned her over onto her stomach. He placed the now bloodstained pillow back under her tummy and racked his fingertips down her back. She arched her back, which pushed her perfectly formed bottom up. He grasped both cheeks roughly, then kissed and bit both in turn. Once again maneuvering between her legs, he entered her from behind. 

He felt her pull her knees up and push back and forth with his motions. He didn’t know how much longer he could hold back. She was so tight and wet and the sounds she made were driving him crazy. He had never had a woman so trusting and innocent and open to his touch. He grasped her hips tighter and thrust one last time, his breath jagged and animalistic. As he came, he reached in front and touched her little button. Feeling and listening to her orgasm, he bit her shoulder lovingly and nuzzled her neck.

He fell back onto the bed, moving the covers aside and pulled them both beneath their warmth. She snuggled into his side, tossing one of her legs over his, and looked up at him with a smile on her face. He leaned down and kissed her. Running his finger along the length of her nose he smiled as she closed her eyes and her breathing slowed and became shallow.

“Sleep well, my love,” he whispered. “You will never have to fear again.”