 This is both a continuation and a change to the previous story (part 3). The chunk below replaces the ending from part 3, before moving on to part 4. I am currently trying out telling this story in both the first and third person, and would love some feedback on which works best (see the story Black Rock City). Comment or send feedback, you bastards! Especially if you are burners!

*****

new ending to part 3:

The exit was nowhere to be seen. The curtain had dropped, or the world had turned, but there was no way out of the little dome. Panic started to rise in my gut. Slowly, like a dark wave rising in the distance, the Horned God was standing up. I pushed Darcie towards the wall of the dome. There had to be a way to fit under the dome; it was just a frame and some canvas after all. I pushed and lifted the fabric. Finally a gap appeared and I shoved Darcie through it.

I took a last look before diving through the gap. Behind me, the Horned God was standing to his full height, his horns brushing the top of the tent. His face remained in darkness, his eyes glowing red. He spoke, or laughed, or made a sound that shook the air in my lungs. I dove through the slit in the tent.

I fell face first in the dust of the Playa. I scrambled quickly to my feet, pulling my body all the way through. Darcie was standing there, looking out, not moving. I stood up next to her, taking her hand, about to pull her away from this place. But I looked at what she was looking at, and I froze.

We were not on the Playa anymore. Or rather, we were on a different playa.

It was still night time, and the same ring of tents glowed brightly under a starry sky. But the dark sky was ribbed with color, ribbons of ephemeral light dancing above our heads. The moon was so bright it looked like a bright disc, like a pale sun in the black sky. And the Man, the giant wooden statue that was the center of the camp ground, was gone. Instead, an enormous black stone, shaped like a flake of some shiny obsidian, rose up, a dozen stories tall. Windows and balconies had been cut out of it, and the inside was obviously lived in. 

The Man was gone, replaced by a Black Rock City.

part 4

Darcie and I staggered forward, hand in hand.

The night-filled Playa in front of us was oddly familiar, until your eyes focussed on the details. That was not an art car crossing the dusty plain ahead of us; that was a gigantic shark made of light swimming through the air, three feet above the ground. A pirate frigate sailed across the playa, a trail of gold dust lighting its path as the bow split the dry land. On the deck wild men and pirate wenches danced to a drum beat echoing from its hold.

People were walking or riding exotic bikes all around us, just like on the other playa. But their faces were off, off in many unique ways. They were not wearing masks. Those were strange elven eyes staring back at us, that man over there was not on stilts, he really was eight feet tall with horns growing out of his forehead.

I started to laugh, giddy and terrified. Whatever was burning in the hookah back in the dome was some potent shit. I had never tripped like this, never experience a drug that caused such precise and concrete visuals. Because this had to be a bad trip, or I was losing my mind.

I clutched at Darcie, who huddled closer to me. The look on her face told me she was seeing the same sort of things as I was.

But then she spoke.

"That guy is too tall. How can he be that tall? Are these horns real? What the fuck," she exclaimed.

She was pointing at the same tall man I had seen. She saw it too. We both saw it. Which meant we were neither tripping, nor insane. We were indeed somewhere else.

Our immediate vicinity was the familiar hodge-podge of tents and shade structures. Lights and streamers were tied to them, just as in the place we had just left. In a way the familiar sights were more disorienting. We were still there, at Burning Man, the landscape was still the same as before. But as soon as I focussed on the details, it all went to Hell and the world stopped making sense.

A shape moved nearby, making me jump. A thin man, clad in grey dusty robes, was slowly standing up. He had been half-covered by a swell of dust that had accumulated against the wall of a nearby tent. He slowly unfurled himself, dust streaming off of his body, off of his face, until he finally turned and fixed his eyes on us. 

He raised a single finger, pointed it at us before curling it back, inviting us to come closer. Unable to find a reason why not, I moved towards him. Darcie clung to me and followed.

"Water," he croaked, as we came near him.

"We don't have any," I replied, looking down at myself, at the mostly naked Darcie, trying to emphasize the obvious truth of my statement. 

There was no place for us to even carry any. The grey man coughed, sending little billows of dust towards us. 

"Shit," he said, defeated.

"Sorry," I said.

"you guys are new here, right? Yeah, it's obvious, look at you, all pink and fresh. They're gonna eat you up," he said before chuckling dryly.

"Where are we?" asked Darcie.

"Who's going to eat us?" I asked.

The grey man chuckled again.

"Ah," he said, "you guys are in for a treat. Look around you, it's fucking Burning Man! Year round! All day and all night, because, technically, it's all one long night here. It's the fucking best!"

"But things are different.." I stammered.

"Well,..it is the fucking Fairy Realm, so, yeah. It could also be Valhalla, I'm pretty sure I saw a Viking once. Or some mirror world. Or maybe we're all dead. Which would explain the bones."

Darcie and I followed his gaze. There, half covered by the swell of dust, was a human skull. When I looked around I noticed, here and there, more bones. Femurs and skulls jutting out of the playa, mostly covered by the dust.

"Is this Hell?" asked Darcie, her voice quivering with fear.

"Fuck no! Or if it is, it's the best fucking Hell you could ask for! It's party all the time until you drop! And then, when you do drop, ...pffffff..." He made a blowing noise, his hands opening and embracing the bone-strewed dusty plain.

"I don't want to die here," said Darcie.

"There's got to be a way out," I said.

"Did you guys...exchange anything? Bodily fluids maybe? With some weird dudes? Because that, my friends, is how you sign a contract down here. You give something, you receive something...nothing is truly free."

The last day suddenly made a lot more sense. The man and the beautiful women, extracting "contracts" from unsuspecting partiers. A metric ton of guilt and shame fell on my shoulders. This was Hell, this was indeed were we come to pay our debts.

Darcie's hand landed on my shoulder, comforting.

"There's got to be a way out of those contracts. We didn't know," she said.

"You guys are cute. Dumb, but cute. I like you. How's this, you get me some water and I'll help you. I'll tell you everything I know, all my tricks," he replied.

"Sure. Where can we get some water?" I asked.

"you gotta ask someone you has some. Give them something, do them a favor, and they give you water. Simple," he said.

"What happened to the gifting economy," I mumbled.

The grey man laughed, a dry barking sound that shook tiny clouds of dust off of him.

"Go!" he said, pointing towards the open Playa.

He waved us away. I took Darcie's hand and we walked away, towards the dark Playa swirling with lights.

We stood at the edge of the Esplanade, where the circle of tents meets the empty Playa. People were bicycling and walking past us. Lit only by moonlight, they seemed normal enough. Some people were definitely human. Others.. others stood out as different, like the eight foot tall guy with horns. Others were more subtle, with just a hint of a pointy ear that would reveal itself in a turn of the head, or eyes a bit too large to be human. But all were in a party mood. Everywhere people were dancing and laughing. The air was electric with a party vibe, with music coming in from distant domes and party camps. Everyone was sexy in some way, the clothing going from fetish to rave to nothing at all. Here and there couples were kissing and necking and downright fucking in the moonlight. 

It was a sexy sight, an exhilarating sight. I looked at Darcie. She had a small smile on her face. She too could feel the tug of the party. This could be fun. Any feeling of fear melted away. In fact, I was feeling a little high.

It took Darcie's tug on my hand to bring me back to our mission. She pointed to a small clump of people who had gathered nearby.

"let's ask them," she said.

They seemed normal enough, partiers who had stopped to discuss their plans for the night. They were all dressed extravagantly, with wild colors and feathered hats. The three women in the group were barely dressed in a mix of lingerie and rave colors. All three were young, beautiful and bare breasted. I immediately wanted to join them in their partying.

Darcie was talking to the four guys, who were also young and beautiful. She was smiling and giggling, obviously enjoying their attention. She was basically naked, so their full attention was aimed squarely at her.

Again, it was Darcie that had the presence of mind to ask for water.

"Do you guys have an extra water bottle we could have? We were dumb and walked out without one," she asked.

The guy nearest her reached into his backpack and pulled out a small round plastic bottle.

"Here you go," he said, all smiles.

I remembered the Grey Man's advice. There were no gifts here.

"What can we give in exchange?" I asked.

"Well..." said the guy, looking at Darcie with hungry eyes.

"I want your skirt!" exclaimed on of the girls.

I looked down at the gold-lame, knee length skirt that was the only piece of clothing I had on. If I gave it to her I would be as naked as Darcie. I hesitated but, seeing the hungry look in the guy's eyes, I made my decision. I pulled the skirt down and stepped out of it. I handed it to the girl, very aware of the warm breeze on my now naked body, and her stare fixed on my cock.

She giggled and took it. Darcie Grabbed hold of the water bottle.

"I love it!" exclaimed the girl. "I'm going to put it on."

She took hold of the hot pink shorts she was wearing and pulled them down in one swift motion. She was a red-headed beauty, dressed in a bright pink fishnet shirt that did nothing to hide her firm and pink-tipped breasts, black fishnet stockings held up by a garter belt, and a pair of black furry boots. She stood there, bottomless, holding the skirt up, pretending to try to figure it out. I was mesmerized by the small red bush that crowned her thick pussy. She caught me looking and smiled. 

She stepped into the skirt and the show was over, or so I thought. 

"I love how it flows!" she exclaimed, and started dancing.

She twirled and moved, kicking the hem of the dress higher and higher. Her pale, perfect ass appeared and disappeared as she danced. She held out a hand to me, inviting me into her dance.

"Come with us!" she said.

Darcie grabbed my hand.

"We need to head back. Thanks for the water!" she said, pulling me away.

I was going to protest, but as we walked away I lost interest in the dancing girl, as if every step erased my memory of her. I suddenly realized how strong the pull of this place was. You could lose your head. The bones in the dust made more sense now. You could party yourself to death very easily here.

I turned to Darcie who was walking besides me, one hand in mine, the other holding the water bottle,

"Didn't you want to party with them?" I asked her.

"Yeah," she replied, "I really, really did...I feel high, do you feel high? I feel I could do anything here. I'm kinda turned on and we're just walking. It's kinda scary in a way."

"How did you say no? I was ready to just go party with them."

She looked up at me and blushed slightly, which surprised me.

"To tell you the truth, I'm still a little sore from before," she said.

"From the big guy?" I said.

"From the BIG guy," she replied. 

I caught the slight smile that crossed her lips as she said that.

The Grey Man was waiting for us by the tent where we had left him. He hungrily drank from the water bottle, draining it. 

"How come you couldn't ask for it yourself?" I asked.

He wiped his lips with the back of his hand. The color in his skin had come back a bit.

"I have nothing left to trade. I can't give up this robe, it's the only thing keeping me protected from the dust," he replied, glancing at the half-buried bones.

"Come on, we need to get going," he said, pulling his grey cloak over his thin shoulders.

We headed across the Playa, crossing thought the inner circle. I noticed that it was now a complete circle. Where the Burning Man I knew was an open horse-shoe of tents and camps, this one was complete circle. There was no exit. I had a feeling that no matter how long I walked, I would never really leave this place. I held on to Darcie's hand a little tighter. 

The grey man talked as he lead us to a distant point across the dark and open Playa.

"The thing is, every time you do anything you lose a bit of your energy, your life force. You fuck, you dance, you cum...pfff, a little bit more is lost. Of course, the only to do here is dance and fuck and cum. You see the problem. Because you can't eat the food! That's rule number one! Never eat!"

"Are we supposed to starve?" Darcie asked.

"No," he replied, "you're supposed to eat, and every time you eat you become a little less human, and a little more like them. The less human, the less chance of ever getting out of here."

"So we do want to starve." I said.

"What you want to do is get out of here BEFORE you starve. That's the trick. The problem is that to get out, you have to go all the way up there," he said pointing at the top of the Black Rock City, and the moon hanging brightly over it.

"What's up there?" Darcie asked.

"The moon. From what I know, that's the ticket out."

"We have to go to the moon?" I exclaimed, about to lose my shit.

Darcie and I exchanged worried looks. Was this guy insane? But he couldn't be more insane than the world we were traveling through. And anyway, we had no choice but to follow him at this point.

"The thing is," he continued, "you're going to need to be tip top and all topped up, because you're gonna have to give, if you get my drift."

"No," I said.

He sighed heavily.

"You're going to have to trade, to give of yourself," he said, putting air quotes over the word "give", which immediately annoyed me.

"You are making less and less sense!" I exclaimed. " Give what!? We're gonna go to the fucking moon? With what? Give what?! We have nothing!" I pointed at Darcie and I, both as close to naked as you could get.

Darcie laid a calming hand on my arm. 

"We're going to have to fuck our way to the top of that thing. Right?" she said, looking at the grey man.

"You got it," he replied, a sad smirk on his face.

"But every time we fuck or cum..." she said

"You lose a bit of your life. Which is why you have to start all juiced up, or you'll never make it," he continued.

"Did you try?" Darcie asked.

"Once," he replied. "I almost made it. But now if I tried I'd be sucked dry before I get half way up. But not you! There's two of you! Aha! We're here!" he exclaimed, pointing his bony fingers towards a peach-colored dome glowing softly in the darkness.

"What is that?" I asked, skeptical.

"That is one of the few truly good places on the Playa. You're going to go in and just hang out, absorb the vibe. Don't get freaked out by the big guy, he's a teddy bear. So what's rule number one?" he said, wagging his finger at us.

"Never eat!" Darcie and I chanted in unison.

"Very good," he said. "Rule number two is going to be important for you in there, " he said, pointing at me. "Remember that guys lose a bit of energy every time they cum. The ladies are lucky they gain some. So. Different strategies for the two of you."

I glanced at Darcie. She seemed to be blushing and containing a smile, while trying very hard not to look at me. 

The grey man continued: "go in there, hang out, absorb the vibes. You'll know when you are ready to come back out."

"What are you going to do?" asked Darcie.

"I'm sitting right here and drinking this delicious water you got me." And with that, he sat, his grey cloak blending perfectly with the grey dust beneath our feet. 

I took Darcie's hand and started walking towards the peach dome.

The dome itself seemed ordinary enough, the usual fabric draped over a geodesic arrangement of metal struts arranged in supporting triangles. We stepped through the large opening in the dome, hand in hand, and gasped.

The inside of the dome was at least three times larger than the outside. The walls and ceiling were draped in long lengths of silks, all in pale pinks, yellows and blues. Hundreds of large silks pillows in deeper shades were strewn across the floor, on which sat an assortment of dusty human burners and fairy folks. Everyone was smiling as a dozen or so bronzed-skinned women dressed in silks and dangling jewelry slowly walked among them, serving little cups of tea. The atmosphere was calm and lush, incense hanging heavy in the air.

A huge metal lotus flower, with petals of gold and silver, hung from ceiling, it's inside glowing, casting a soft light around the room. Under this chandelier was another lotus flower, this one made of dark wood and inset with colored glass and flecks of gold. It was large enough to serve as a seat for an enormous man, a least ten feet tall, skin the dark nutty brown of mahogany, who sat there with a small smile on his face. He was bald and broad chested, his belly round. Satin pants covered his legs while his arms were covered in bands of gold and silver. Heavy loops of gold pulled at his earlobes. 

He was sitting back, relaxed, chatting with one the dark-skinned women. She was sitting by his side and, like him, was clad only in her silk pants and jewelry. Her black hair was piled high on her head, leaving her neck bare. Her breasts, full and round, tipped by dark brown nipples, swayed as she laughed at a joke the enormous man whispered in her ear.

In front of his enormous throne was a small group of musicians, their instruments filling the tent with a soft and plaintive music. A woman was dancing in front of them, naked apart from bells attached to her ankles. She shimmied her hips as her feet stamped out a tinkling rhythm.

One of the bronzed-skinned women approached Darcie and I. We were still standing there, hand in hand and mouth agape, trying to figure out how this tent could be bigger on the inside. She walked up to us, and stood facing us for a second. She was wearing wine-red satin pants and a web of tiny gold chains across her bare chest. Her heavy breasts were topped by dark and hard nipples. She was beautiful, her dark hair and eyes matching her bronze skin, her lips a dark red that matched the shade of her nipples.

"Hello," she said, her voice soft and slightly accented. "Please sit down, be comfortable. Tea?" 

She offered a silver platter on which two small porcelain cups of steaming pale tea. Remembering the advice of our grey friend, Darcie and I shook out head no. She smiled and simply placed the tray down by her feet. She took our hands in hers and pulled us towards a pile of pillows.

"Sit. Rest. You are safe here," she said, and walked away.

Darcie and I collapsed on the pile of pillows, suddenly realizing how tired we actually were. We nuzzled together, hanging on to each other as we looked around at the strange sights that surrounded us.

There was no orgy going on, but everywhere people were touching, kissing, stroking one another. A constant low moan was coming from the clusters of people on the pillow. Here and there flesh rose and fell where couples slipped into each other, bodies glued to each other. All the movements were slow and sensual.
