 Darcie had barely noticed me leaving. She was on the edge of sleep, exhausted.

Another of the bronze-skinned serving girls kneeled next to her, resting her hand gently on Darcie's knee.

"You should rest," she said, "but not sleep. There is no time for you."

Darcie shook herself awake. The girl was dressed like the other serving girls in the tent; silk pants, lots of gold and silver jewelry, plump breasts swinging free. Her black hair was piled on top of her head, just like the others. In truth, she looked remarkably like the other girls. They all look strikingly similar, with similar haircuts and classically beautiful faces, loose silk pants and bronze skin.

Darcie noticed that the woman had left her hand on Darcie's knee. It was a comforting, but intimate gesture.

"Your lover is learning an important teaching, it is one of the sacred revelations of my Lord," continued the woman. "Would you like to learn it?"

"I shouldn't," said Darcie, rising up on her elbows. "What is it going to cost me? I have nothing to give in return."

"This is a gift from my Lord," replied the girl.

"Someone told me there are no gifts in this place," said Darcie, suspicious.

The woman smiled, revealing perfect white teeth. Her eyes sparkled with amusement.

"You are right. I claim my price then. A kiss." 

And with that she leaned forward, each hand on either side of Darcie, and softly placed her lips on Darcie's lips.

Darcie was surprised when the kiss lingered, turned into something else. The woman leaned in a little further, pressing her soft lips against Darcie's. Her tongue darted forward, probing, pushing Darcie's mouth open. Darcie didn't even think of resisting. She had become very aware of the woman's nipples brushing against her own, as the gentle swinging of her heavy breasts brought their nipples together. Darcie opened her mouth, letting her mouth be invaded by the sweet tasting tongue.

They kissed for a while, their tongues twirling around one another's. Darcie was becoming more and more aroused, her nipples hard and tight agains the woman's soft breasts. She squirmed a bit, raising a knee, finding her thighs brushing against the other woman's thighs. 

Finally the woman pulled away, leaving Darcie suddenly wanting more.

"You paid the price, now I teach you," said the woman.

"That's it? that's the price? Can I pay again?" said Darcie with a smile.

The woman giggled. She kneeled down in front of Darcie, her hands on Darcie's knees, pushing them slightly apart so that she could fit between Darcie's legs.

"My Lord is a generous Lord. There is no need to pay anymore. Here is the teaching. The men have their rules, we women have ours. They lose their Prana with every ejaculation, we gain with every orgasm," she continued, suddenly serious.

"What's Prana?" asked Darcie.

"Your life force, that which sustains and feeds you. Now listen, though we do not lose Prana with each embrace, we lose in the effort. So we must learn to be receptive, and to receive and store the Prana we accumulate. You must learn to breathe," the woman said.

"Sounds simple," said Darcie.

The woman smiled mischievously.

"Everyone says that," she responded. 

She leaned forward, as if for another kiss. But instead she reached with delicate fingers for the warm folds of Darcie's sex. Darcie gasped when she felt the tip of the woman's fingers brush against the soft and sensitive skin where her inner thigh swelled to become the outer lips of her sex. The woman leaned forward, her lips inches away from Darcie's.

"Breathe," she said softly.

Darcie tried, but the fingers brushing against her were becoming more insistent, tracing the long folds of flesh with the softest of touch. The woman let the back of her hand brush gently across the closed folds of Darcie's pussy, briefly pressing against the hood of her clit before fluttering back down, gently pressing her open.

"Breathe," repeated the woman.

Darcie took a deep breath. The woman was now nose to nose with Darcie. She herself took a deep breath, inviting Darcie to match her. Darcie took the hint and started to take long slow breaths. Her pussy was getting warmer, her clit swelling. The woman's skin, so close, had a hint of musk, of spices, but her her breath was fresh and sweet. Their eyes were locked in each others. Darcie licked her lips, her tongue brushing against the woman's own lips. The woman's tongue darted forward, brushing against Darcie. They weren't kissing, but breathing each other's air, their mouths inches apart, the tip of their tongues darting and touching.

When the woman's fingers parted the thick lips of her sex, Darcie tried very hard to maintain the deep breath of her teacher. She couldn't suppress a small gasp as a nimble finger wriggled it's way between the soft and wet inner lips. Her pussy was wet already, leaking her clear and musky nectar. That one finger traveled up, opening her, parting the folds of her sex until her clit was revealed. A single finger started slowly circling Darcie's clit, spreading her own wetness over it.

Darcie moaned, her eyes rolling back, her eyelids dropping, heavy with lust.

"Keep breathing," said the woman.

That finger never changed rhythm, just a slow and insistent circle around her clit. Darcie started to squirm.

"Relax, use the breath to smooth the feelings, " said the woman, "let the feelings fill you. When we tighten the muscles we prevent the feelings from building. We are so afraid of pleasure! Let the fire build, and with each breath bring it up to the heart, and to the head." 

Darcie couldn't understand half of what she said. But she took a deep breath, focusing on relaxing her muscles, especially those around her pelvis. The wonderful feelings that radiated from her clit flooded into her belly and down her legs. She breathed more, relaxing more. The feelings became a fire. Darcie tried to stay relaxed, to breathe. The breath fanned the flames, leading the fire up, filling the body. That finger on her clit, circling, brushing so gently, making her pussy open like a wet and hungry flower, her juices coating her.

And then the fire reached her head and Darcie shook. An orgasm whipped through her body. She spasmed, thrashing on her pillows, blinded by a white light that shot through her brain. Her whole body was orgasming, waves of pleasure crashing from head to toe.

The woman slipped a single finger into Darcie's pussy, hooking her with a curved finger, watching her writhe. When Darcie finally stopped moving, she stood up.

Darcie was breathing heavily, trying to recover from that mind-blowing orgasm. She looked up to see the woman untie her pants, letting them drop to the floor. Her long legs led Darcie's gaze to the deep V of her toned belly and the bare pussy that l crowned it. The thick outer lips of her sex were already glistening with her juices, her clit swollen, peeking from the hood.

The woman kneeled again between Darcie's thighs.

"The lesson is not over," she said.

She grabbed Darcie's wrist and pulled her hand to her, placing Darcie's palm against her pussy. It was warm and incredibly soft, a fold of velvet against Darcie's hand. 

Without thinking Darcie curled her fingers into it, opening her, wanting to reach deep into her. The woman shivered with pleasure. Darcie was suddenly consumed with the need to pleasure this woman who had been so generous with her attention. Darcie sat up to give her hands a better angle. She found her clit with her thumb and started rubbing it as her fingers started moving in and out of her drenched pussy.

She felt something under her fingers. Something in the woman's pussy was pushing back against Darcie's fingers. Darcie froze. The woman reached down and started furiously rubbing her own clit. Darcie pulled her hand away, watching the woman frantically masturbate, her heavy breasts glistening and jiggling with the effort. 

The tip of what was unmistakably a dick peeked out from between the slicked lips of the woman's sex. The thick mushroom head popped out, followed quickly by inch after inch of curved flesh. It pushed open the woman's pussy, like a reverse fuck, a single long push from the inside. Finally a long curved penis, thin and pale pink, had emerged and now stood proudly erect against the woman's soft belly.

Darcie stared, eyes wide.

The woman suddenly grabbed Darcie's hand, placing it on this new penis. Darcie's finger's instinctively wrapped around it. It was warm and soft and hard, just like a normal dick under her palm. The woman moved Darcie's hand on it, making Darcie slowly jerk it. When Darcie found the rhythm, she finally released her hand, leaning back with a groan, head back.

Darcie kept stroking this hard dick jutting out of the woman's pussy. There was no need for lubrication as the wetness of the pussy it had emerged from had covered it with a thick coating of juices. It felt real, hard and smooth under her palm, the tip soft under her circling thumb. She wanted to taste it, feel it against her tongue. But before she could drawn it closer to her mouth, the woman knelt between Darcie's legs, pulling her close. 

Darcie wrapped her legs against the slim waist of the woman, pulling herself closer. That magical dick brushed against the soft lips of her sex, her wetness mixing with slick juices covering the curving cock between her thighs. 

The two women embraced, arms wrapping around each other's backs, breasts pressed against each other. They found each other's mouths, tongues, kissing hungrily. Darcie was rubbing the length of her slit against the hard shaft of that dick, trembling a bit every time the tip of the cock brushed past her clit. The woman cupped Darcie's ass, lifting her an inch, just enough for the tip of her cock to slip inside, sliding in to the hilt.

There was no soreness, no pain from the sudden entry. Whatever damage that massive cock had done, back in the tent in the human world, whatever pain it had caused, it was healed. Her pussy simply welcomed the slim, wet cock that slid between its folds, embraced it fully, until it hit bottom.

Darcie almost came right then. Her own weight pressed her deep around that cock, while her clit was pressed against the woman's bare pubis. She looked down briefly, unable to compute the fact that this soft and feminine woman in her arms was also gently fucking her with a cock. But looking did not help. The few tufts of her pubic hair did not hide the swelling lips of their pussies as they pressed against each other, their clits swollen and exposed, pressed together. The woman's cock was hidden from view, but Darcie could feel it filling her. She closed her eyes, letting the sensations wash over her.

"Draw me in," the woman whispered in her ear, "don't be passive in the receiving."

Darcie opened her eyes, confused.

The woman locked eyes with her before leaning in. She drew Darcie's tongue into her mouth, gently sucking it like a miniature cock.

Darcie moaned into the woman's mouth, but got the idea. She started to squeeze the shaft of her pussy around that cock that was filling it so well, pulsing her pussy around it. She matched the rhythm of her pulses with the gentle sucking on her tongue. The woman softly pulled away.

"With the breath..." she murmured, her own breath long and hot against Darcie's lips.

Darcie matched the breath, and the pulsing of her pussy, until the two of them were in sync.

A heat grew quickly. Darcie didn't know how long she could continue doing these kegels around the woman's cock, but she knew another orgasm was brewing. She desperately hoped that she could continue long enough.

The woman started circling her hips, which drew her cock in and out of Darcie's pussy by no more than an inch. But that inch stirred Darcie, drawing pleasure and wetness out of her pussy, making her gasp, making her breath quicken.

"Relax and breathe..." said the woman, "but don't stop."

Darcie wanted to scream, wanted this woman to just fuck her and take her and pound into her pussy with that impossible cock of hers. But she refrained herself, letting the heat rise, grow, fill her, rising up her spine, filling her body, her breasts, turning her nipples into shards of pleasure, her skin into a sensitive velvet.

And then the woman's breath became short, and she came. Darcie felt the pulse of the woman's orgasm travel along the cock buried in her, felt herself be suddenly flooded by hot cum. That pushed her over, sending all that heat up and into her head, transforming into a white light that split her skull open, shaking her body with a spasm. Her clit was connected to the crown of her head by the fiery pole of her spine, blasting her with waves after wave of pleasure and bliss. 

When she opened her eyes she was lying on her side, on one of the big pillows. The woman was sitting besides her, gently stroking her hair. Darcie, for some reason, was crying.

"Very good," said the woman, "but next time don't let the Prana escape through your head. Keep it in your belly."

Darcie simply flopped over onto her back, unable to speak. Her heart felt light, as if she had shed the weight of years of sadness in that one moment. The tears were hot against her cheek, but she felt happy.

"Just breathe as the Prana rises, let it flow back into the belly. That way you save it!" said the woman cheerfully. "You lover is coming back, I will go now, good luck!"

With that she stood up and walked away, leaving Darcie sprawled on the big pillow, her face as wet with tears as her thighs were wet with her cum.