 Darcie and I walked out of that tent on wobbly legs. I felt energized, almost wired, incredibly aware of the heaviness of my balls and the thickness of my half-hard cock, though not frustrated at all. I felt powerful.

Darcie had recovered quickly. She seemed lighter, her face breaking into a small smile that somehow stayed there. Her eyes shone.

The Grey Man was still sitting where we had left him. He was sitting so still that I was briefly afraid he had died. But as he approached his head rose by an inch, just enough for him to fix his eyes on the two of us. 

"Good," he said, before slowly getting up.

He shook a skinny finger at us, waving us onward into the night. We followed, hand in hand. In the distance, surrounding us, the domes and tents were thrumming with life and sounds, some sending tall beams of light into the dark sky, forming bright pillars supporting the dome of night. And everywhere, people; moving , dancing, crossing the black Playa as we were doing, dodging bicycles and mind-warping art cars. In the center of it all was the column of black basalt, the Black Rock City that overlooked this cheerful nightmare.

We walked in silence clear across the playa, almost two miles, towards what looked like a pair of giant boobs. As we approached they revealed themselves to be a pair of giant domes lit brightly pink. 

Our guide stopped a few hundred feet from the entrance of the domes. 

"That's where we go next?" I asked.

He nodded.

"This place is dangerous. But you can get a lot of juice here, quick. Just remember what you just learned. Don't get sucked in and don't," he said, suddenly turned towards me, "stay too long. Stay away from the center. There's plenty of juice on the outside. Now go."

With that, he sat, his grey cloak spread around his scrawny form.

"Good luck? See you later?" I said to him. "No? Okay then."

I looked at Darcie. She had a resolute look on her face. She caught my eye and smiled. We started walking towards the glowing dome, hand in hand.

"Are we okay?" I asked her quietly.

She looked up at me to give me a hopeful smile.

"Yeah, we're gonna get out of here, I know it," she replied.

"Are WE okay?" I persisted, feeling foolish.

She looked at me and chuckled.

"Sweetie, we're about to fuck our way out of here. I'm going into that dome and fuck half the people in it. I'm guessing you're going to fuck the other half, and I'm still going to love you after that." She seemed utterly calm and strong.

"I love you too" I said, speaking a truth that came surprisingly easily.

I pulled her closer to me and hugged her. I kissed the top of her head.

"Now you go in there and fuck the shit out them," I said, and smacked her butt.

These were brave words from a couple of idiots.

We could feel the bass before we heard the music blasting through the entrance of the dome. We joined the thin crowd pushing in and out of the entrance, fitting right in with the crowd of half-naked revelers.

We had stepped through the arch of a pair of ridiculous boob-shaped pink domes; we walked into a forest. Black trunks of gigantic trees rose up far above our heads, trees so tall that no branches could be seen. They simply disappeared into the darkness overhead. Between the widely spaced trunks were dancers, jumping and gyrating to a frenetic beat pumped out of an unseen sound system. The light was diffuse, flickering, coming from a large ball of glowing air floating above the dancing crowd. Bolts of lighting flickered through the ball of ionized air, lighting the crowd below with sudden harsh blasts of light.

Floating around the ball of glowing air were a dozen naked women, all of them writhing and shaking as they floated above our heads. Below them, standing still, dressed in ragged purple robes, was a man. He had his arms out, a beatific air on his lightly bearded face, gazing out at the dancers around him. His eyes were made up, his lips crudely painted red, giving him a strangely feminine air. The robes, parted from neck to feet, revealed the smooth body of a young man, his soft penis delicately nestled within a small patch of pubic hair. He was otherwise hairless, androgynous.

A bolt of lighting flashed, leaving an after image seared in our retinas, an image of enormous antlers rising from his head like an impossibly huge crown. I suddenly saw that the women floating above him were in fact held up by those enormous antlers. Each woman was impaled on the stem of an antler, their pussies opened, penetrated, by the invisible crown. They were obviously enjoying it, their faces racked with pleasure. Juices were flowing from their stretched open pussies, coating their thighs. When the lighting was not flashing, the crown of antlers was invisible, leaving the women high over our heads, displayed in the most intimate way, their pussies opened in an almost gynecological way. When one of the women shivered or spasmed in what was obviously an orgasm, an arc of lighting would flash across the ball of glowing, ionized air. The dancers in the dome were being lit with the sexual energies of these women. 

I suddenly understood why this place was so dangerous. 

Between us and the Crowned God was a hundred half naked dancers, arranged in a broad circle around him. A savage techno beat was hammering the air, shaking the dancers into a frenzy. The dancers, half naked, dusty, their clothes ripped to colorful rags, were bumping and grinding against each other. No one was shy about grabbing a dance partner and grinding against him or her. Couples were kissing passionately as they danced. Others were stroking, squeezing, scratching at whatever exposed flesh they could find. 

Darcie and I moved gingerly into the dancing crowd. The beat was infectious and we quickly found ourselves bouncing to the music. Hands snaked out from the crowd, fingers tracing arcs across our bodies. We held each other's hands tight.

Closer to the center of the ring of dancers was a satyr. There was no mistaking him for anything else. His upper half was that of a ruggedly handsome man, goateed, a small pair of horns poking through the curly brown hair that crowned his head. His legs though, were the hind legs of a goat, hairy, the knees reversed, the feet mere hooves. Between his legs swung a large human cock. He was smiling broadly, happy, genial, jumping up and down in time with the music.

Darcie pulled at my hand and pointed at the far side of the circle. 

There an impossibly tall creature was swaying with the music. Pale and vaguely humanoid, moon-faced, dressed in diaphanous blue and green robes, it was almost ten feet tall, huge wet black eyes scanning the dancing crowd. With terribly thin and long fingers it brushed the bodies of the people dancing around it. Its touch seemed pleasurable since the dancers eagerly offered their exposed flesh to the probing fingers. One woman starting sucking on one like it was a slim cock.

Darcie pulled at my hand. I turned to her to find her in the embrace of a dancing man. He was behind her, one arm draped around her waist, his face buried in her neck, grinding his naked hips against her ass. His other hand was on her breast. Darcie had raised her free hand to stroke his hair.

Her eyes were locked in mine. Her hips started to sway against the man, pushing back. Her eyes were still on mine. Her mouth opened and the tip of her tongue slid out, gliding across her lips. 

I stepped forward, kissing her, trapping her between my body and the man behind her. She grabbed my head and pulled me to her, her tongue in my mouth, dancing, hungry against mine. My cock was already at half-mast, growing thick and hard against her belly. 

"If you stay we're gonna fuck. That's not what we're here for..." she whispered hoarsely into my ear.

I pulled back, grinning. Darcie grabbed hold of my hair, keeping me close.

"Don't leave me here. Promise. I don't know if I can..." her words were lost in a moan. 

The man behind her had slipped his hard cock between her thighs. The pink head was pocking through the wet lips of her sex, knocking against her clit. She stood there, holding on to the man's hair with one hand, to mine with the other. The man's cock started sawing back and forth between her thighs. I could see her sex spread itself open around the shaft, her clit growing large. Soon the man would change the angle and that cock would disappear inside of Darcie's wet pussy. 

She suddenly released me and spun around, dropping to her knees. In one swift motion she grabbed the guy's hard cock and shoved it down her throat. He grabbed hold of her hair as she started pumping up and down on the shaft of his dick with her mouth and hands.

Dancers bumped into me, danced pass me, and suddenly Darcie was gone. Somewhere on the dance floor she was on her knees sucking a cock.

I pushed forward through the crowded dancers, trying to find her, or lose her, I wasn't sure which.. I couldn't see her, so I pushed on. 

I had approached the inner circle of dancers. The music here was louder, all encompassing. Somehow the beat resonated at the base of my spine, driving my cock up and out in an impressive erection, My balls felt heavy and hot. I needed to fuck.

Around me were naked dancers, mostly women now. At the inner edge of dancers, closest to the standing purple-robed God, a ring of women had formed. They were barely dancing and instead were on all-fours, ass in the air, rolling their hips like cats in heat. Their faces were distorted with lust, a lust that seemed almost painful. Their thighs were streaked with wetness, their pussy red and wet. They clawed at their breasts, scratched their thighs, their eyes wild, their hair wilder.

My cock ached to bury itself in one of those offered pussies. I grabbed my cock with one hand, started to jerk off frantically. I knew, somehow, that I couldn't move any closer. There was death there. Around me were other men, all masturbating furiously as they watched the women in front of them. 

A scream shook me. One of the women floating above our heads suddenly burst into bright flames. Within seconds she disappeared in a cloud of glowing ashes, her scream cut short. Another scream rose, this one an excited yell. One of the women on the ground suddenly stood up, arms open. She started to rise into the air. As she rose her hips shook, her breasts wobbling in rhythm.

I could see her pussy, distended, opened, fucked by an invisible cock. The lips of her sex were pushed out, open, revealing the pinker flesh inside. Soon she was above our heads. She had joined the other women.

For a split second I was myself again. I turned and ran.

I stumbled out of the ring of dancers, out towards the arched exit, towards the dark Playa. The image of the woman burning, hanging in mid-air, was seared into my mind's eye. That was the danger we had been warned about. To be so seduced as to be burned up, turned to light, dead. 

I had reached the entrance of the dome but stopped. I couldn't leave Darcie in there. I felt tired, drained. I was supposed to recharge in here, not lose more energy. I needed to find Darcie, and I needed, somehow, to charge up.

I turned back.

I circled the throng of dancers, feeling the music echo in my bones, shaking my guts. Darcie was in there somewhere. I needed to refocus, regain my willpower. Find her, recharge, get out. Find her, recharge, get out.

The mass of dancers was in front of me. I dove in, trying to make my way towards where I had last seen Darcie. Soon I was pressed on all sides, touched, scraped, fondled. Hands snaked across my thighs and back. My hand drifted again flesh, my chest pressed agains the back of a dancer. My cock hardened, squeezed between folds of sweaty flesh. All I could see around me was the bouncing heads of my fellow dancers, hair flying in the dark air. Below the shoulders was just flesh.

I let the rising energies take me, rile me. I leaned into a tight knot of writhing bodies, arms spread. I let them take my weight, holding me up. The sheer overstimulation of the moment allowed me to shut everything out. My body was being pressed on all sides, so I focussed on a point. My fingertip was resting on the crest of a smooth hip. The palm of my other hand was cupping the curved rise of an ass. A hairy thigh was rubbing agains mine. A smooth thigh was rubbing against my other thigh. My knee was bumped, hard, probably bruised, by another knee. My foot was stomping the ground. Dust was gathering between my toes.

A soft breast was pressed against the side of my back, the small hard nipple a pin against my rib. I dropped my hand and reached back, tracing a smooth landscape of flesh with my palm until a wiry softness brushed my fingertips. I split a tangle of hair, cupped the tender flesh of a pussy. Moist heat filled my palm. I matched her rhythm to maintain contact.

My other hand snakes forward, wrapping around the waist of someone dancing in front of me. I pull them tighter to me, pressing my hard cock between the folds of their ass. We all dance, the mass of us, jumping up and down. My attention is on the moistness gathering in my palm, the sweaty flesh against my other hand, and the pressure on my cock as it slides between the globes of an ass.

I felt the heat rise in me, the tension in the gut that wants out, wants to jump out of the tip of my cock in a jet of warm cum. I resisted the urge, focussing instead on the arc that linked palm to palm, moist pussy to sweating flesh. I felt the mass of dancers, connected as they were by the beat of the music, by the sweat they shared. My cock was my antenna, connected into that mass of dancing flesh, taking that heat, filing my belly. I curled my finger, parted the lips of the soft pussy that bounced against my palm. Wet heat swallowed my finger. I curled my finger and pressed my palm against the hard nub of a clit. The dancing motion of her hips did the work, rubbing the clit agains the pad of my palm. My finger slid in and out in time with her dancing.

I felt her clench, stumble, a hand (her hand?) clutched my shoulder as an orgasm shot through her. I felt an electric charge bounce across the dancing throng, bouncing from dancer to dancer, gathering strength. My cock-antenna intercepted it, gathered it, sending it to my belly to store. Fuck. I knew suddenly what power was. My cock was rock hard, but I was far from cumming now. I knew what I wanted. More power.

I pushed through the dancing throng, a snarl on my lips, baring my fangs.The dancers were caught in the music, the high of the ecstasy. I was different. I had caught the scent of wet pussy, warmed my belly with the heat of that moist crucible. The trick I learned, the deep breathing taught in that other tent we had visited, it had changed how I saw the people around me. I was a wolf, and they were sheep.

I pressed myself against the back of a female dancer, my hips matching hers, my hands wrapped around her belly and her chest. She let her head fall back onto my shoulder, her long brown hair fragrant with her sweat, her ass pressing against my hard cock. I grabbed her by the throat, pulling her tight against me. My other hand dove across her belly, past the remains of a belt, into a small pair of panties. I felt her moan, the sound muffled by the pounding music.

I found her cunt, soft, bare, moist. I cupped it in my hand, feeling the long line of her lips against my palm, the heel of my hand pressed against her clit. She pushed her ass against me, her mouth open, her eyes closed. I let go of her throat just long enough to push my cock down, between her thighs. I was suddenly hit by a vision of Darcie with that first man, holding her, his cock between her thighs. I pushed her panties aside to let my cock slide between the wet folds of her sex, the tip bumping agains her pubic bone. I pushed it down, in, feeling the length of it disappear between her lips. My other hand is back on her throat, and then I started really pushing.

Pressed as we were by the bodies around us, there was not much room. But we didn't need much, My fingers on her pussy were spreading her wetness across her lips, her clit, drawing deep circles across her sex. My cock was moving just a few inches, pushed more by the bodies buying into us than anything else, the rhythm set by the music. Her pussy was a wet hot sleeve around my cock. I wasn't going to cum from this, which was fine. That wasn't the point. 

I closed my hand on her throat, drawing her closer to me, kissing the nape of her neck and nibbling her ear, tasting the dusty sweat on her skin.She turned her head, hungry for a kiss. Our tongues met, lapping at each other as our heated breath mingled.

I had let go of her pussy, my hand instead drifting out, away from us. I traced the length of an arm, past a soft round shoulder, and cup the sweaty head of a dancer nearby. I pulled the dancer close, bringing her, or him, closer. I stopped kissing the woman I was fucking and turned her head to receive the kiss of the dancer I had pulled in. They kissed eagerly.

I reached out some more, pulling in hands and bodies, placing arms around us, drawing more people in. Bodies were pressed around us and against us, forming a small cell of bodies unified by our skins and the pleasure of the woman in the center of it.

Hands drifted across us, across our backs and legs, asses and thighs. Fingers dipped in her pussy and asshole, or cupped my balls and helped me thrusting in and out of the pussy so generously receiving me. Someone sucked on her nipples, though all I could see was the top of a head. Hands pushed my hips, slid across my thighs. Our act was being shared by the crowd around us. I thought I saw my partner's hand holding on to a hard cock. I let it all in, the heat of the crowd melding with the heat of her pussy as it clamps on my cock.

She came. I felt her around my cock, felt her pulse against my hand around her throat. She bucked and shook against me, her spasm driving my cock in and out of her, drawing more pleasure from her sex. I pulled her face to me, kissing her. I breathed her air as she gasped, our tongues still intertwined. I drew her pleasure into my cock, up my spine and into my brain, launching a firework of white and gold behind my eyes. 

Finally she stops and I pull out of her. Hands drift across our sweaty bodies, eager to touch. I let them, barely registering as fingers close around my cock, wet as it is from warm pussy juice. Someone tried to jerk me off but I pushed them away. I stumbled forward, away from the crowd. It would be easy to get carried away.

The fireworks in my head set me off into another phase. I felt almost disembodied, stoned, vibrating. My teeth were chattering so I clamped my jaw down. I needed to find Darcie.

Finally I saw her. Darcie was close to the Horned God, close to that inner circle of women. I pushed my way through the crowd, anxious to pull her away from there. The memory of the woman disappearing into ash was still fresh in my mind.

Before I could reach her, Darcie had stepped through the circle of gyrating women. Whereas they were all on their knees, ass up, pussy obscenely displayed to Him, she was standing, poised.

She stepped up to Him, three small steps. It did not look like he even saw her, as his face was turned up to the dark sky above us. I pushed my way closer, but stopped at the ring of women, watching, terrified.

Darcie knelt and, slowly, took his small soft penis into her mouth.

He looked down. But he didn't move. It was as if he could not quite register what was happening. 

I could tell from Darcie's position that his cock had grown hard in her mouth. She started a slow pumping motion, her head dipping up and down in a slow rhythm. Her hands were clasped in her lap, not touching him, so that the only point of contact was the ring of her lips sliding up and down the slim shaft of his cock.
