 The wind clawed at Jophiel's curls as he tumbled from the sky. His wings were bent uselessly at angles, serving only to turn his free fall into a corkscrew. 

He'd been too concerned with trying to cleave the demon in front of him, hadn't realised there was another at his back until the lightning struck him. Now it was too late, his sword was gone, and the bolt had paralyzed him. As hard as he tried his limbs refused to move, all he could do was scream internally as the cold basalt rushed to receive him.

~~~

Soft hands lifted him gently from his slumber. For a while his half asleep mind was content to enjoy their warmth as they whispered softly across his chest and face. But when a hand traced lower it was finally enough to jolt his eyes open. It took a moment for them to focus, but when they did the sight brought him fully into the waking world.

He was being straddled, her naked curves wrapped around his waist. Her eyes were filled with wicked lust, she was obviously kin to those he'd fallen in battle against.

She wasn't alone. He could feel another set of hands on his cock, caressing him in a way that sent chills of fear down his spine. Fear and other sensations he couldn't identify.

He tried to throw her off, but the his injuries had left him weak. All he succeeded in doing was grinding his stomach against her crotch.

Her face came down to his, close enough to smell the smoke in her hair.

"Hush now, no need for fear my sweet. Saleos has chosen to bless you, it would be foolish to spurn his gifts."

As she spoke the other demon finally showed her face, mercifully taking her hands off him as she did. She sat up to meet her, and they kissed with a depraved passion that made him feel sick.

They caught him trying to look away and chuckled at his obvious discomfort.

"What's the matter my sweet, never been kissed?"

Before he could respond she swooped down to lock her lips to his. They were even softer than her hands, and for a few heady seconds he was too stunned to do anything but let the electric thrill run through him. Then she let him go, and he found he was... disappointed? He didn't get a chance to properly process the feeling, the second demon soon took advantage of his unprotected mouth. This time he felt her liar's tongue snake it's way into his mouth, wrapping around his own before pulling back to leave him gasping. They continued to take turns at him, swapping out to nibble his ears and lick stripes up his neck.

Eventually they stopped, and he lay there panting heavily, trying to clear the haze that clouded his mind. He almost didn't notice the hand grip his cock.

"Ooooh yeah, he's getting into it now."

They rolled off of him, and he could now see his cock, swollen beyond its normal size, held firmly within the demon's fist. He trembled as the lust in their eyes grew more pronounced. This was probably his last chance.

He hurled himself to the side, slipping out of her grasp and into the waiting arms of her friend.

"What's wrong with him? He seemed to be having fun a minute ago."

"Just pin his wrists so I can get at his cock."

The demon currently grappling him pouted.

"But then how am I supposed to get at his cock?"

"Saleos put me in charge, that means I get the first go. We can swap in a minute."

Jophiel quickly found himself on his back, wrists securely pinned by the second demon. The first meanwhile had her hand wrapped around him again. Her fist began to pump up and down, squeezing a building desire out of him.

It made no sense, he was an angel of the Lord, he should be smiting these fallen sinners and returning to the heavens. And yet he found himself fascinated by what they were doing to him. He should be resisting more, why wasn't he?

The question was blown from his mind when her lips first encircled his cock. The soft warmth of her mouth was incredible, it was the feeling of their kiss tenfold. A tiny voice cried out as it drowned in the rapture washing over him. Age old warnings against the wicked tongues of the demons fell on deaf ears, all he could hear now was his own silent shouts for more.

"Come on that's enough, I want a turn before he blows."

The mouth left him, and he whimpered in need.

The demons chuckled as they swapped places. The second wasted no time in swallowing him whole, and once again he was awash with this strange new rapture. As if she could sense his melting resistance the first chose not to hold him as tightly. Instead she perched on his chest, spreading her legs wide to pin his wrists with her feet. Her position gave him a perfect view as her fingers came down to part her folds an inch from his face.

Inside she glistened with wetness, awash with a scent that made his already unbalanced head spin yet faster.

"Like what you see?"

Her question was teasing, she already knew the effect she was having on him. The tongue currently lapping at his balls was also helping render him nothing more than wet clay in her hands.

The wicked grin on her face only grew as her fingers moved faster and faster. He didn't understand what she was doing, but he could begin to guess.

"Finish him."

The response to the command was immediate. The demon between his legs stopped toying with him, and within seconds he could feel a rising tension building throughout his whole body.

"Don't fight it my sweet, just let it build and ride it out."

The command was largely unnecessary, he was too far gone to offer any meaningful resistance. The tension built, and he felt he could almost sense it's end before it came. Right as it hit its peak the demon on his chest shuffled forward to plant her crotch on his mouth.

His cock spasmed in the mouth of one demon as he screamed into the pussy of the other.

~~~

When consciousness again returned to him his first sense was his hearing, moans and gasps like those he vaguely remembered letting out.

He opened his eyes and was greeted by the sight of the lead demon sitting on her friends face much as she had his.

The memory brought a twitch to his cock, and looking down he saw he was already swollen again. Looking from his hard cock to the curvaceous woman a few feet away he found his strength return with the awakening of a primal urge he was beginning to understand. It was this that guided him as he rose and moved to join them. Taken unawares the demon shrieked in surprise as he pulled her down to the ground. Her smile returned as he lined himself up with her thoroughly drenched pussy. Sliding in they gasped in unison, her's turning to giggles as he began to thrust away.

"Finally, I haven't been eaten all day."

The second demon took the opportunity to swap roles and sit on her friend's face, pulling Jophiel in for a kiss as she did. This time he responded, his own tongue dancing with her hers as they both took their pleasure from the woman below.

His eyes closed, Jophiel couldn't see his divine aura dim to nothing, his white feathers fade to gray.

He couldn't see, and soon he wouldn't care.