 {Definition TT equals Thought Talk between Bill and Josh}

Chapter 42

Next day as we walked to school which was about two miles the Doc said the exercise was good for the kids. The roads were clear but the sidewalks weren't so everybody used the roads. We were into that transition between winter and spring lots of rain and freezing rain.  

Brad and Jim came to the lunch room and they had no eyebrows. 

Bill asked, "What the fuck did you guys do, you look like queers."

"It was Joanna Hanson," they said. "He hates gays, bisexuals and gays. He was in line for the scholarship that we got. He drugged our water bottles and when we passed out he shaved us bald everywhere."

"Julie said everywhere?"

"Yes Mistress Julie," they said. 

Tt, "Bill said where did that come from?"

Tt, "This came from you, when you ask me for them to obey family. I did and this is their concept of that."

After school we took Brad and Jim home with us. Everybody got their laughs he even shaved the crack of their ass. Upon closer look it wasn't shaven the prick Hanson used a laser removal something that would take six weeks before it would even start to grow back.

Josh had Brad suck him even took him to bed and was made to suck him all night long the doc came by and fed Josh with an IV by morning Brad had some eyebrows and hair all over his body. Josh had Brad suck him all day and by school out time he was close enough to normal.

Josh then did the same to Jim and kept Brad home that 3rd day to. While they were out of school Julie and Tanya were bragging to Hansson how funny Brad and Jim looked basically to win his favor. Three days after the incident with Brad and Jim after winning Hanson's favor invited him to their pool for a private party. They said, "Come to the pool after school. After school when he arrived at the house Tanya invited him into the kitchen and the girls gave him a brandy with a special mix. They drugged him in the kitchen. Then Brad and Jim came in and stripped him. The four of them used the no-no hair removal system on Joanna Hanson. They went one step further the shaved Joanna Hanson hair making him bald then used the Laser hair removal on his head as well 

Just as Joanna was coming around he was by the pool and Josh said, "Joanna Hanson, suck my cock."

Joanna was on Josh's cock in a flash and Josh said, "From now own girls don't interest you. But seeing cocks make you hard and you can only cum if you are sucking a cock. You need to cum every day so you must find someone that will let you suck them."

Josh continued and said, "If they make conditions like they well if you let them fuck you will. From now till school ends this year and you will be in school each day not to learn but to admire the guys and walk around showing your bulge in your pants and you will wear clothing that shows that well."

"You can masturbate all you want but you can't cum unless you're sucking cock." 

"You will obey any one of my family as if it were me and Brad and Jim are part of my family. You can tell no one what happened here today and never can you harm anyone of the family or allow anyone else to do so. Do you understand Joanna?"

Joanna nodded yes and Josh took his cock out of his mouth. "Please Josh let me suck your cock. I am called master in this house or when we are alone."

"Fuck you I am not calling you master."

"Then leave my home."

"But I want to suck your cock."

"Listen to the fag," Brad said wiggling his cock Joanna licked his lips

Joanna said, "Brad let me suck your cock please."

Brad said, "Master told you to leave now go as the guys all waved their dicks."

Beaten he turned and said, "Master my I stay and suck your cock."

Josh said, "That's better go service the others I don't want that fag mouth on my cock." 

Joanna went to Brad, "May I please suck your cock."

Brad said, "Yes after I fuck your ass." 

Joanna screamed as he was had a virgin ass, by the end of that evening Hanson never had a virgin anything. His ass was broke in even some of the girls used a strap on while Joanna sucked off the guys. 

Jim said, "You can suck me and I will do your ass when Brad is done." By the time Joanna left he sucked all the guys off but Josh and was fucked in his ass by all. Joanna had to lick up his own cum each time he came.

Chapter 43

The next day in school it was amusing to watch Hanson wearing spandex with a hard on looking at the guys he got quite a few slaps in the head from guys and from what Brad said," he was used quite heavily in the showers both wholes were filled class after class."

For the most part Brad and Jim were left alone everybody had a hole to fuck much better than a mouth especially from a guy that was straight till this week. A few guys fucked Brads face because Hanson was busy being used.

Graduation was only a week away Hanson came to Josh. "Master I will be your slave forever I know I did wrong but please fix me for graduation."

"You heard were moving," Josh said.

"Yes master I will go anywhere there is nothing left in this place for me I will follow you anywhere and be your humble slave."

"Brad, do you and Jim want this fag to help in security he would be your responsibility" 

"Please Brad and Jim I will suck you every day or you can fuck me but let me get out of here," Hanson said.

Brad and Jim said, "We well make good use of him for you master if you let him come."

Josh said, "Fair enough, fag, come suck me off." Hanson sucked Josh all night and half the next day and his hair was back the next day in school Hanson was still used by everybody that would be for another week. 

Tanya was busy doing the gowns and suits for the dance. Josh went to the city by cab had him wait as Josh picked up his order from the jeweler. Josh examined all the six rings. His was a wedding band with Brenda's Jade stone in the center with the birthstones of Barb, Millie, Julie and Tanya around it. Each one representing my love my queens as the inscription said. Looking at four of the girls ring they all had a two carat center stone with four half carat stones around the main stone. Inside was carved same as Josh's My Love on one side. My queen on the other side. A {J} on the bottom opposite the 2 caret stone. Inside was the same inscription on all rings. Brenda ring was the same except the stones were much bigger. Josh came home with box of chocolates for the family had to have an excuse for going to town so they thought not a four hundred dollar cab ride.

Chapter 44

The next night Tanya had a dress rehearsal and Josh said, "Tanya you must dress also and I made Millie and Barb dress to I had a special surprise for them."

Doc, Brad, Jim, Hanson, Frank and Bill were there. I wasn't sure how Bill and Frank were going to take this but here goes. 

Josh went to Millie first, knelt on one knee and said, "for my love my Queen." She waited till I placed the ring on her finger as I stood she said, "Josh I love you."

Josh said, "I love all of you" and kissed her and stepped back bowed and said, "My Queen."

Josh went to Barb next did the same and with the same results Frank sat there with tears in his eyes.

Josh did Tanya next she bawled as he placed the ring on her finger. Josh had to grab her so she didn't fall. She was so overcome with joy she couldn't take her eyes off it and she read the inscription and bawled some more as she got her composure she said, "I am sorry master."

"No master here tonight "Josh said. 

"I love you Josh." Tanya said. 

"As I love you all," Josh said.

Next Josh knelt and slid the ring on Julie's hand. Josh said, "I love you my Queen" and as I stood "I love you Josh, my brother, my love "and she cried in my shoulder.

Josh moved to Brenda who as he suspected was a little miffed.

Brenda said "are you sure you want to give me one sarcastically?"

"Of this I am sure Brenda," smiling. I bent down on one knee and with the box closed I said, "Brenda Mitchell will you marry me to be one of my Queens and my wife" and opened the box the ring had a four carat stone in the center and four, one carat stones around them.

Brenda stuttered, "I I I am" 

Josh broke in "I only want to hear one word out of that sweat mouth of yours my love."

Brenda said, "Yes oh yes my love my King." 

Josh said, "more than one word but it will do." Josh slipped the ring upon her finger as we hugged and kissed and all gathered round.

Frank went to the liquor cabinet and come back with champagne he opened it and served glass to all he said, "I bought this for your graduation but I guess this will do double duty." 

Tanya yells. "Don't you dare spill it on your gowns!" We all laughed It must have been an hour or so when Bill thought talked me.

Tt, "Bill said, "I know you own us and have saved my life but I love Julie and you have claimed her."

TT "Yes I have but you always knew that from the start I love all these women a bit more with Brenda and I feel that in you with Julie I want you to be with her always but we have to share so get your head around it."

Tt, "Yes sire," Bill said, still not happy.

Tt, "Bill you are my best friend and as such I tell you this now. That first night way back when, Julie's mind snapped. I broke her like I did Brian. Her mind got rewired that night and she is in love with me and you saw the last time I joked with her it affected her badly."

Josh continued, "I know she loves you but she also loves me and because of our past in her mind she owes me her life. Neither of us can do anything to stop that. I am afraid to touch her mind on that for fear of losing her to reality all together."

Bill tt, "Josh I never realized that but you are right she is very fragile as we seen from that last episode. By the way that was great I really enjoyed seeing you as a bisexual fag eating my cum. That was fantastic and felt good to. Oh yea by the way anytime you like I will fuck your face so you can have all my great cum you like so much"

Josh, tt, "two inches remember." 

Tt, "Yes boss."

The girls went and got their dresses off and us guys our suits. Back on the terrace the girls all came running back very excitedly, "Millie, Barb, take your ring off." 

"Not on your life they would have to cut it off my dead body," Millie said. 

"Mine to said Barb."

"No silly there's an inscription," Julie said, as she was the only one with their eyes not full of tears as Tanya and Brenda took up slave positions in front of Josh. Josh said to himself "I seen this on the internet girls on their knees legs spread girls leaned back holding their ankles exposing their cunt and tits all at the same time."

Tt, "Bill said that is awesome view."

Mille and Barb read the inscription and followed suite took up slave position in front of Josh.

Josh said out loud, "All my Queens in slave position how beautiful is that. Bill, come over here and share Queen Julie display for us because I know it's not just for me and Frank get over here and feast on our sweat Queen Barb."

Josh said, "I was going to wait till we got to our new home but with all this Queen slave pussy I can't wait. Slave Queen Brenda on your knees and open this box an as you place this ring on my finger I want all my queens to repeat their vow to me." 

They all nodded as Brenda open the box she almost fainted. "Steady girl," Josh said.

As Brenda put the ring on my finger in unison they said, "Where thou goest we will follow my King"  

Josh said, "Where did that come from your king!"

"Yes your majesty, if we are you Queens then you must be our King," as Brenda kisses my ring finger and returns to slave position.

Josh said, "rise my Queens," each one individually rose and kissed Josh's ring saying "I love you your majesty." 

Bill was the first guy he knelt and kissed the ring and said, "Where thou goest I will follow your Majesty."

Frank the doc, Brad, Jim and Hanson all followed suit.

"Now what did I start," Josh thought.

Chapter 44

That night I slept only with Brenda. Bill took Julie, Frank took Barb.

I made passionate love to my Brenda. During one of our rest breaks, she was admiring the ring on my finger when she noticed and said, "That's my birthstone in the center." 

Josh said, "how observant my Queen" as he thrust his cock deep into her causing her to cum again.

When she come down she said, "and that's Julies stone," and Josh thrust into her a few more times then she said, "oh my god Its all our birth stones with mine in the centre," as she is crying and cumming again, "I love you my love, my king, my sire, my everything."

"At breakfast Brenda showed all the girls the birthstones of my Queens they were all over me again wanted to go to bed not school.

This was it the last day of school a chance to say goodbye and talk about Collage University and careers this was it thirteen years of school for most twelve for me as I jumped one. We had a chance to say good bye to the teachers it was pretty informal everybody going every which way there was a lot of buzz over the rings and Brenda bringing girls to see mine. At noon we went home to get ready for the dance. 

As we left the school there was somberness amongst us. We were happy to be graduating and all that but we knew that this was the last time we would ever see this town or people again. We would soon be leaving and while others may end up in the same situation they would not realize it now.

We knew for a fact we were never coming back to what was our childhood home. At home there was a lot of activity getting ready for the Prom. Josh had orchids for Brenda, Tanya, Julie and roses for Millie and Barb. 

A limo picked us up Millie and Barb and Frank were chaperones. At the dance the king and queen danced first. Julie and Josh naturally took the floor. For the last year they were the most popular two every day. They had the first part of the dance all to themselves then all joined in on the dance floor. Then we all danced. Josh took turns with all his queens even the chaperones were dancing with Josh. About mid way over the speakers the band stopped and had a special request which he said we normally don't do for proms but this one requires special attention. The Leader of the band reading a script said "months ago Josh Davis proposed to Brenda Mitchell and she said yes. 

Prom King Josh Davis and Prom Queen Brenda Mitchell have proposed and accepted to be married and so were told she now has the ring to prove it." As a special request a old, old, waltz. And a special statement which has meaning to them 'where thou goest we will follow' "The band started playing why me lord as the applause was drowning out the band the actually stopped till Josh and Brenda took the floor and the classmates gathered round as the band started up again and they danced to that old 70's song, "why me lord what have I ever done to deserve even one of the kindness you shown". The next song was the same era again for the two starting out life together the song, Bridge Over Troubled Waters but this time Josh and Brenda was joined by their class mates. Josh made a special effort to dance slow waltzes with Tanya and Julie although Bill was taking care of Julie quite well. At the closing of the dance Brenda and the girls were surrounded by well wishers. Josh was drug into the middle and girls were all hanging off him and kissing him. We said in passing we were heading to the bar on Main Street and soon we left. 

After the dance the limo took us to the local bar for food and drink. Most everybody heard we were going there and the place was packed I think our whole school was there. We all ordered burgers and fries and Frank ordered picture of beer most of us never drank but we figure may as well Julie, Tanya, Brenda, Barb and Millie all went to the wash room and our server came over it was no other than Carlen.

Josh said, "I want another server."

Carlen said this is my section you can move if you like wait in line again. I will put in a good word for you, not, she said with venom. About that time Brenda, Tanya, Barb, Julie and Millie were coming back. The manager came over Josh explained how Carlen tried to kill his fiancé and his children just by luck we stopped her. "We would like another server please."

The manger said, "This is my niece. I think you best leave so there is not an incident and he called over the bouncers. The manager said, "This party is leaving." 

Josh through two cents on the table saying, "That's for the service." 

The bouncers went to grab Josh but Brad, Jim and Hanson stood up and said, "Greg, Will, he is our friend, Brad yells out football team on me now hut, hut, you want the third?" Greg and Will were team members last year they knew what the third hut meant. Their face turned white as ghost. There was no way they were prepared to take on the whole team and more. The music stopped the place got deadly quite. All these huge football plays ready to strike. 

The manager said, "Throw these bums out." Jim said, "You see my team you want this place destroyed in about two minutes flat?"

Frank spoke and said, "We were leaving you force our hands with all these pregnant ladies and do you really want to what is left of your bar when the football team get through with it. Then let's not forget the press will destroy you." 

Frank said, "my lawyers will do the rest you are already looking at suspension of license threatening pregnant ladies think my friend John Steal, head of liquor licensing for the province, will not take kindly to this."Frank pulls out the tape recorder. 

The manager almost shit his pants and thought "who were these people, "and said, "There is no need to do that I am sorry but my girl here lost her chance at an education and it is a sore spot."

"If you want to have your establishment closed permanently keep going on this line."Frank said.

"Back of Greg, Will let these people alone"

"Brad thanks guys for your assist" and the place went back to normal as Carlen red faced stomped away again. As we left many other groups turned their beer upside down and left as well the place was all but deserted. What should have been one of their busiest nights was now like a Tuesday night.

Chapter 45

We left went to Tim Horton's for juice and tea better than beer anyway Josh thought. It wasn't long before the place filled up with all our classmates. Frank didn't realize how popular his kids real were. A lot of the girls that were staying and going to Acadia said it was going to be their mission to put that pub out of business. We asked don't do it on our account. They said that guy was a jerk and Carlen should of begged your forgiveness not acted like the righteous woman wronged.

"At any rate we don't wish to pursue it," said Josh 

Our group started talking about leaving and there was some talk about waiting till after the kids were born and then talk about how many months after before they could fly. 

Josh said, "Nope we leave this week." 

"What about the house," Barb said?

Bill said, "His grandparents just lost their home to fire old wiring." 

"Ok they can stay in ours; rent is to take care of the place." Bill called his grandparents they were there next morning.

Everything was set packers came in we were off in less than 48 hours. Saturday we arrived in Hawaii. As we were flying I fucked all the girls and then I had Bill and Frank do all the women to. This is the first time I put Brenda out to be fucked by anyone but me but we all had fun and we now all belonged to the mile high club. Brian, Brad and Jim fucked Hanson, so I guess they were members to. Brian was told you well be bisexual soon. Most of us have never left Nova Scotia this was our first big trip. Tanya was air sick, but doc took care of that quickly. 

We enjoyed the big island and the guys liked the dancers "Wow could those bellies twist" said Brad. We were on our corporate jet clear blue sky for a three hour flight. 
