 "Wakey, wakey little angel." The black haired demon lay cuddled up against her on the stone laden street his olive skin in contrast with her soft white, a clawed hand gently letting those sharp tips pet that porcelain flesh in admiration. She gasped and in shock tried to scramble away only to be held fast her wrist dragging her back to the ground. A golden chain on the other end and the wicked creature on the other end sporting a fang toothed grin and prominent cock. A beast attached to beast in her opinion the chaste angel had never beheld such a thing at the base of its length a golden ring matching that gleaming chain that bound them wrist to wrist.

"Trust me these chains don't break." His twisted chuckle ringing in her ears. He had made his own attempt as she lay unconscious only moments ago until the thought of them being bound to such a...ravishing creature had its perks. Taking in a long hissing breath he stretched his sleek naked form on full display, defined and strong yet elegant, his free hand drawing teasing lines across the provocative vine like tattoos curling about his hips and entire left side. He was a very seductive beast, dragon like eyes and curling horns, his naked form gleaming in the moonlight, drawing innocent eyes to him the Angel couldn't take her eyes off of him.

A flash of panic had her eyes wide "WHAT DID YOU DO?!" She screamed trying to break the trance his body art place upon her mind. She knew well what 'he' was 'who' he was Killian an incubus of repute. His tail curling over his hip almost as if playing its own game of com hither.

"Not me, We, seems we're being punished...welcome to earth," he grinned letting his eyes wander to that velvet and hairless flower, licking his lips with an insanely long tongue "and we are...on display so to speak, but I don't mind the view one bit." subtle slim curves pert breasts, lovely little pink circle stand on end in the wispy night air. "Aren't you feeling a slight breeze."

She yelped trying to cover up with only one free hand available to her, fighting to stay out of his reach and shield herself from those groping eyes. Her wings! She thought... yet couldn't feel their weight, their feathered mass "What, no, NO...no no no no no!" He chuckled as she fell to a babbling mess of tears and panic golden hair falling in her face as she fell to her knees. 

Killian sat up and pulled her close to him into an almost comforting embrace his hot flesh burning against her chilled frame. He dared to run a hand up the outside of her thigh and his slippery tail along the inside only to make her quiver, SLAP! The echo and silence that followed Killian sat still and silent a low laugh, in violent flash he gripped her body to his a laying in a slap of his own leaving an angry red print on that unblemished backside.

She cried out and he pushed her against the nearest wall pressed into the gritty brick surface, his tongue like a snake gliding up her neck past the jaw and swirling about her ear coming to an end as he suckled and nibbled at that precious lobe "Might want to keep your voice down, I here you angels are rather bashful." Hissing those words she took into mind that she was chained to an Incubus, exposed vulnerable in the mortal realm...IN A CITY her eyes wide she gasped his hands curling around her front a claw playing at her navel circling inside it daring to go lower. The other stroking the inside of her thigh wordless in his efforts to corrupt this pretty little thing, the idea of this made his twisted mind spiral if not for his own 'punishment' this would be as close to heaven he'd get...chuckling at the pun in mind.

She pushed off the wall in an attempt to free herself shoving him back only for him to fall dragging her down on top of him, she tried to scurry up past him but she merely managed to straddle his stomach she could feel his lust hovering behind her. Her attempts to get off weren't helping climbing up his fallen body only for Killian pull her down at the perfect angle and arm viced around a firm thigh the other on the flailing arm and chain landed the panicking angel onto his face as she struggled with meaningless slaps and strikes.

But like any animal he was ruthless his grip wouldn't fail and his tongue wouldn't relent, he rimmed her ass and then ran the length roughly till he stopped at the top of her cunt, making her moan and shake, he shot his tongue inside her squirming about like a serpent while his lips massaged her nether lips. 

He had her panting in moments using his tail to slap her ass leaving red welts crisscrossing the hand print he'd left behind earlier, he loved hearing her squeal. He kept suckling and wriggling his tongue until this innocent little angel started rutting and moaning like a bitch in heat only to push her off him and haul her to her feet. She was still lost in lust and he wasn't going to let her be for more than a moment he wanted to deflower this pure creature in full view of all that he could gather. His hand working at her clit all the while walking her toward the city square nibbling her shoulder and twisting her nipples they could be seen from any window surrounding the old fountain, many of those belonging to the Inns and taverns scattered about.

She was on edge but he slowed just enough to keep her from ever reaching climax placing her down on the cold stone ledge, wide enough to lay comfortable upon he took her legs and wrapped them about his waist, down stroking his growing cock "Beg little angel." I whispered softly "Beg."

And so she did between her lustful moans, those soft pink lips spewing such sin was more than he could have dreamed for. He placed his cock in position letting the hungry cunt swallow its bulbous tip he sawed back and forth forcing her to arch her back biting on her lower lip, her free hand play with those perfect pearl orbs heaving with every breath the chained hand digging its fingernails into Killian's forearm. The sky cracked open with a bolt of lightning and Killian saw it as a sign robbing this angel of her purity as the icy rain poured down and the thunder shook everything around them, and even then he could still hear her scream. 

Feeling human eyes on him from every window, began to fuck her in earnest, forcing the first climax from her in moments but refusing to let her stop there, he wanted her to cum again and again with full knowledge of who was doing it to her, she would crave this feeling for the rest of her eternal life. He pounded forward as the rain stung their skin. His tail, delicately teased her asshole daring to plunge deeper with ever press, making her whimper "Please...please,plea,ple," He drew his cock back to the tip and thrust his tail forward "PLEASE!!!" She screamed, rivalling the thunder, and he followed after with another devastating thrust of his cock. There wasn't a moment something wasn't filling her, she came again and again her whole hugging and clenching the invaders milking the iron bar of a cock, he couldn't resist the hard squeezing and shot torrents of seed into the depths of this corrupted little angels cunt. Collapsing ontop of her the steam rising from their naked rain soaked skin, he kiss her hard "How's that feel little angel? Think we gave a good show." Killian guided her gaze to the tavern door where a large crowd stood in amazement.

He could help but laugh kissing his little sinner again "Up for round two?"