 I soared through the clouds over the ancient countryside, the breezes chilling me even as the evening sun's disappearing rays warmed me. It had been nearly a hundred years since I last visited this part of the Earth. I wondered what changes I would find.

The fields glowed green and gold, the autumn air crisp in the growing gloom. The Carpathian mountains stretched as they had for millenia, a smudge on the horizon in front of me, a shadow as the dying sun reflected on them.

As I approached one of their tiny stone villages, I spied a lovely young woman singing and swinging a basket of vegetables on her arm as she walked from the fields, heading to her simple home at the end of another day. Curious about how the mortals had changed since my last walk amongst them, I turned and glided above her in the deepening shadows.

She walked unaware of my presence, as Angels can only be seen by mortals when we choose to be seen. I landed behind her, walking close to her, enjoying her dark hair and olive skin and voice lilting in ancient harvest song. "Very young," I remember thinking, "not more than 20 years old." Dress amongst these people had changed little in the hundred years or more since I last came here. Her skirts fell below her knees, revealing her dusty bare feet. Her apron pockets bulged with more vegetables, which she unloaded as she entered the house onto a square wooden table near the fireplace. She stirred the fire, adding wood to build it up. Evenings are cold in the foothills at that time of year.

She moved toward a basin, pouring water from the pitcher. She used as rag to wipe her face and hands, slowly unbuttoning her blouse to rinse dried sweat from her neck. She splashed water on her fair face, the water dripping down her and catching like jewels in her long sooty lashes in the firelight. She picked up a rough cloth to dry her face. Her hands slowly unbuttoned the simple bodice of her dress more, revealing beautiful breasts with dark nipples. She dried her chest, the cool air causing her nipples to respond, just a bit.

She paused, then seemed frozen in place. She stared across the room towards me, and I nearly panicked, wondering if I'd somehow been discovered. Her skin prickled visibly, her nipples distending in fear, and it was only then that my panic allowed me to sense the third presence in the room. 

I turned to look for this presence but stopped as I saw two glowing red eyes suddenly materialize behind the girl. They stared unmovingly not at the girl but directly at me; their merciless glow reaching deep into my soul, binding me. I was scared, and I was not accustomed to being afraid of anything. My fear grew exponentially as I realized that I, too, was helpless against this intruder.

A being slowly came into the light, and the redness faded from its eyes as it does from the eyes of hunters. He looked absolutely normal then, but more handsome than any mortal I had ever encountered in all my long, long years. He had long dark hair curling about his ears and neck and the palest of grey eyes, still able to fix me as they had when they appeared as coals. His skin was unnaturally pale and his face was planed with high delicate bones, giving him the look of royalty. His lips were quite red, sensually full and lush. To my great surprise, my terror was shot with a physical desire such as I had never known. My lust made me more afraid than ever because I had never felt it before, either.

This man was dressed in black clothes that suited his coloring and made him even more attractive; he had the look of the minions of the archangel Lucifer. But this evil looking creature was human and immortal simultaneously. My senses reeled in mental and physical confusion of so many unexpected and new thoughts and feelings. The beast moved slowly behind the girl, who was motionless as a bird hypnotized by a snake. He approached her slowly, her body trembling as he came. His eyes never left mine.

And then he smiled.

Oh, God, I whispered, for suddenly I knew. His white teeth were framed by long fangs, shattering the image of humanity. The dark shadows on his face contrasted bleakly with the bright ivory. His smile twisted his face cruelly, somehow adding to its beauty. He knew I was afraid, knew I was completely defenseless against him, and he was enjoying it.

"Watch my lovely angel. Watch and learn," he whispered.

He reached out to the girl, gripping the back of her long, delicate neck. A quiet sigh escaped her lips and her lashes quivered as her eyes closed in ecstasy. I could not take my eyes from his talon where it held the girl. He drew her back, his fingers leisurely pulling her tresses away from her shoulder as his lips and tongue lap at the bared skin, trailing kisses. His other hand slid down her shoulder and pulled her back flush against his body. He held her very firmly, still kissing the back of her neck. His hands pressed down her sides, then up again cupping her naked breasts. She moaned again, arching against him, as his fingertips toyed with her painfully erect nipples. 

My body ached. I wanted him to be touching me. I looked back into his eyes. His eyes were burning into mine.

He pushed her jaw up at a cruel angle to reach her throat. His tongue snaked from between his fangs to lap at her jugular, caressing proprietarily the pulse of blood there. For a moment he seemed almost gentle, though his cold eyes belied the languor of his movements.

His nails slashed downward, causing the girl to jump at his sudden movements. Her skirts fell to the floor leaving her naked. The fiend's long fingers pressed immediately into the valley between the girl's legs, making me suddenly aware of my own wetness as his fingers glistened with the her juices. Her body trembled, her face a mask of pleasure as he probed the delicate skin.

He pulled the girl around, arranging the two of them so that I could still watch, and she looked at him without really seeing him as he freed his manhood from his clothing. He pushed it into her immediately, and she threw her head back, gasping in passion and sagging in his grip as he forced himself into her. He swept the basin from its stand, shattering it on the floor. He balanced the girl on the edge of the table pumping himself deeply into her, again and again.

The vampire smiled again at me, horrible with evil and malice. I was actually jealous of that girl. I wanted him to be fucking me. 

Growling, the vampire opened his mouth widely, sinking his teeth into the girl's neck. She moaned and began shaking, whether in orgasm or in pain it was impossible to tell. His hands roughly kneaded at her breasts as he drank from her, a trickle of blood escaping across her breasts. She cried out again, tears trailing from her closed eyes. The vampire began writhing animalistically against her frail body, thrusting savagely, hands twisting her skin. His sucking grew feverish in its intensity. She inhaled again, a rattle in her throat, and moved no more.

And I realized that throughout this macabre dance the vampire's gaze had not left me. Not once.

I was breathing quickly, my chest actually heaving, when he dropped the girl, pulling his cock from her, her body sprawling, forgotten, on the wooden floor. Silently he approached me, still erect, removing his clothing as he advanced, an evil, gleeful grin twisting his blood-stained lips. I tried to move, to run, to will my wings to life, but I was caught in his presence and nothing save death would pull me from it.

"I have never tasted the blood of an immortal before," he remarks cynically, almost casually as he stood naked before me. He obviously enjoyed my wide eyes examining his beautiful body. "Is it as sweet as your pretty face?"

His icy hands touched mine, entwining my fingers in a firm grip, shocking me like cold water. He slowly drew my arms up over my head, pushing me with an unearthly ease, forcing me against the stones of the fireplace behind me. My whole body was pulsing already with unbelievable heat. His nails scraped down my exposed arms tickling and chilling my skin. His face moved toward mine, the beautiful glittering eyes drinking in my mouth, my throat. He caressed my cheek with his. The cold skin rasped against my own, the still-warm blood smearing across my face. I was having difficulty breathing. God, I wanted him inside me so badly.

He backed away, locking his alien eyes into my own again. That's where the fire was in him. It was burning me. His hands moved down over my shoulders to grip the top of my robe. The fabric tore easily as the vampire exposed my body. The rag of my robe hung loosely over my bosom. My hands were still against the stones of the fireplace above my head, where he had put them.

With a painful deliberateness, his glacial hand slid down between my breasts, burning, softly forcing the robe to fall away. Oh, I wanted, I wanted him to touch me. And then his eyes dropped from mine for the first time to look at my body. For the briefest of moments, he was mesmerized by the luminous skin, the golden hair at my crotch. For that flash of time we were equally locked in place by the other. The beast's eyes again met my own, a surprise and real physical lust filtering through the malice. The vampire made a soft sound in his throat, then touched his lips ever so gently to mine.

And I was unafraid. I put my arms around his neck, pushing my fingers into that dark coarse hair, kissing him back, feeding on his mouth as he would be feeding on me, I knew he would do it in spite of his confusion, and I wanted it.

His fingers began a slow, circular dance around my breasts. The chill caused gooseflesh and tightened my nipples. He grazed the skin, avoiding contact with my erect nipples. His tongue traced the shape of my lips, parting them with a gentleness that seemed foreign to him. I Found myself trembling from his touch. My legs seemed scarcely able to support me as warm waves of passion washed over me. I felt the vampire's mouth at my ear, then my jaw. He trailed slowly, ever so slowly to my extended neck. His mouth opened and I felt the sharpness of his teeth like needles on my skin. He paused there, hovering over my vein, then by sheer determination pulled his head down further to my collarbone, kissing softly at the skin there, causing me to close my eyes, lashes fluttering.

He turned me around. My eyes searched the stone of the fireplace as he pressed against me, his hands easily encircling my waist. I looked to see the well-kept, long-nailed fingers smooth down the skin over my hips, rising finally to my breasts as he kissed the back of my neck, swirling knots with his tongue tip. My wings fluttered, feathers brushing his prick, which trembled with his desire. But his will had strengthened through many lifetimes, as had mine, and he forced himself again to wait.

He moved between my wings and body, the tiny feathers there tantalizing his chest, brushing his nipples. His whole body was tense with a physical desire, which obviously surprised him as much as it had me. His hands moved in opposite directions, one sliding lazily down my belly toward the golden fleece as the other found my nipple at last, trapping it between two fingers, squeezing and pulling. His hand pressed against my mound. I gasped and moved in his grip, feeling his hard prick pressing against me, finding its way between my legs. He moved his hips, teasing me with his cock. It was cold like the rest of him, making me shiver. His teeth now at the back of my neck nipped and stung the flesh. 

I forced myself back against him, rubbing sensuously against his hard shaft. I wanted him inside. He gasped at my sudden boldness and roughly gripped my breasts. His mouth became wanton against my back and shoulders. I lined his prick up with my wet slit, rubbing it up and down. He thrust suddenly and brutally into me, wrenching a moan from my throat. That was a sound he had never heard before, apparently, musical to his human ears, causing him to pause, even as I desperately moved around him. I could sense his confusion. He abruptly bent me over, forcing me to hold the fireplace stones for balance as he pushed deeper, then deeper into me. He withdrew, thrusting deeply again, moving with slow, long strokes into me. I had never felt anything like it, wonderful sparks and flames of urgency that were fanned when he made me wait.

I folded my wings caressingly along the his back as he slewed into me. The feathers' downy touch along his skin caused his flesh to shiver as mine did. His long fingers slipped between my legs, stroking my bud in rhythm with his thrusts into me. I gasped and arched into him, putting a hand underneath to fondle his balls. My hand met his and our fingers entwined, rubbing my flesh and his indiscriminately.

And he withdrew, leaving me empty. I protested softly as he faced me again, backing towards the girl's small bed, pulling me by our still-entwined fingers. His eyes were wide, nearly innocent. He arranged me on my back on the bed, helping me smooth my fluttering wings, and bent over me, flicking his tongue across my nipples, sucking them between his teeth delicately. One finger tested my moisture, sensually dipping into me and rubbing across my clit before he brought it to his lips as our eyes locked again. He put his finger in his mouth, licking it clean, moaning softly his enjoyment. I took his pulsing member in my hands, rubbing up and down his shaft, guiding him to me, inserting him myself into my soaking pussy. He tried to hold back, to prolong the experience, but I just couldn't wait any more and I wrapped arms and legs around him, coaxing him deeper, undulating my hips to draw him inside.

His eyelids fluttered in disbelief as he fought for control, but he was slipping and, finally, unable to control himself any longer against the sweet gentle compulsion of my wet cunt wrapped around him, he slammed his entire length inside me. Our moans mingled as our mouths meet in a deep, passionate kiss. He began pounding into me with all of his strength, thrusts that only an immortal could withstand. My hips snapped forward, meeting his, grinding together, half making love, half animalistic fucking, pistoning long and deep and hard, an endless onslaught.

He dipped his face into the hollow of my neck and opened his mouth wide... 

His fangs sank deep into my neck as his cock buried itself inside me. It was like having every nerve in my body plucked at the same time, exquisite. He growled, then screamed into me, climaxing instantly. My wings extended fully above me as I pressed against him, encouraging him to move deeper and deeper inside me, feeling the warm wetness trickle down over my chest. Passion, fear and lust all raged inside of me. He began to weep, drawing more and more of my life force. I felt a building, a tension, an exquisite pain and he thrust even harder as I came, spasming, crying out, screaming for more, spiraling into darkness.

I awoke trembling and weak, the light of the new dawn filtering into the room. The vampire was gone as was the unfortunate girl whom he had drained of life. My ragged robes lay on the floor. I rose, slowly, sleepily from the girl's bed, deciding against clothing since mortals cannot see me anyway. I fled the house, returning home, springing into the clouds quickly to return to my place of safety.

My skin tingled with goose bumps as I remembered the unearthly touches and caresses. I can still feel his hands on my breasts, his cock inside me, moving, thrusting, fucking me. I wanted him again right then. I want him now. The almost wounded look on his face as I last saw it causes tears to slide down my face every time I think of it because I love him, too.