 Davariel soared into the sky once more, after having secured safe passage for Luciel to her home planet, Earth. Over the ancient forests of the planet, he flew, looking for a reflective surface. All was dark and quiet below. Still, he could feel eyes upon him, staring in stark terror at the angel of destruction.

Over a cluster of hills, he spotted a lake. The big, golden moon reflected upon its surface. He circled once, whispering an incantation that would allow him to open a gateway back to Megdoluc, then plunged head first into the black waters. Through the chill depths, he breeched the portal, resurfacing in the frozen hell that was Megdoluc. The biting cold stung his naked flesh as he walked out of the small pool of a thermal spring that bubbled up between two boulders.

Ice and ash covered the surface of the demon planet. The few trees that remained were now devoid of the little greenery they once possessed, their blackened limbs twisting up toward the smoke choked sky as if in agony. The roiling sulfurous clouds the four super-volcanoes spewed into the atmosphere had long ago smothered the life-giving rays of the twin suns.

He found a cave and began his descent into the bowels of Megdoluc. Davariel circled around vents of heat coming from the deadly rivers of magma beneath the planet's crust, a stark contrast to the frozen surface. The deeper he descended, the more lakes of fire and liquid rock he encountered; a descent into the antechamber to hell.

He finally arrived at one of the main chambers. Glowing rocks illuminated the cathedral-like cavern, creating strange wavering shadows upon everything. Slumbering devils clung upside down, wrapped in their multicolored bat-like wings from the cavern's vaulted ceiling. A few others, that skulked around on the ground, snarled and whipped their long tails at each other, only to wrestle for a brief moment, then end up fornicating in unrestrained violence. They weren't used to being trapped in physical bodies and their weak natures made them succumb to the body's basic instinct...fight for survival, eat, and fuck.

He had once thought they were beautiful creatures, created by the fallen angels to serve. Now he saw them for what they were; vile, ugly, disgusting things.

Again, he felt the ache in his chest when he wondered if this was how Luciel saw him. With a dejected sigh, he leaned against a large boulder, rubbing at the bothersome ache in his heart.

She thinks I'm ugly.

Tears burned his eyes and nose.

"Why haven't you sacrificed the girl and opened the gates? Lucifer is waiting!"

Davariel turned with a start to stare at the burgundy demon that had defiled him in the cottage. The memories of what they did to him came rushing back.

Davariel had to bite his tongue to keep from snarling at the demon. Still, he bared his fangs, wanting nothing more than to rip the creature's throat out. "Her full moon is upon her. She'll be sacrificed during her new moon," he answered, thinking up a quick lie. He knew Luciel was going through her monthly flow and thought that perhaps he could use that to their advantage.

The Demon didn't understand.

"Lie to me and I'll torture the bitch before your very eyes till she begs for death."

Bile rose up in Davariel's throat. Images of how this foul being abused him, laughing all the while, turned his blood to pure poison. He would never let them hurt his Luci. Davariel never knew he was capable of feeling so much hatred. He knew the demon would follow through on his threat.

You just signed your death sentence, demon.

"I don't give a fuck for the bitch, as you say." He could no longer control the deep growls that emanated from his throat. "Do whatever you want, but know this... it took nearly half a siglon to find one as worthy as she. I guarantee you that powerful virginal Master Guardians don't abound in this realm."

The demon continued to growl also, but made no movement. Instead, he studied Davariel's face with narrowed eyes. "You want to fuck her."

"Why wouldn't I, imbecile? She's beautiful."

"Perhaps we'll give you her carcass so you can divert yourself once we've slaughtered her," the demon taunted.

"I prefer them kicking and screaming when I fuck them."

The demon now snickered in amusement. "No one has ever kicked and screamed when you fuck them. Well, maybe screamed, but from gratification...even when you use your whip upon their flesh...they writhe in ecstatic delight."

The demon's glowing yellow eyes lowered to gaze with open lust at Davariel's body, his slit-like pupils dilating.

Davariel realized the opportunity for revenge had been handed to him on a golden platter. Narrowing his eyes with a grin, he did what he did best. He licked his lips and allowed his gaze to turn seductive. "How'd you like to feel the sting of my whip on you? You fucked me, turnabout is only fair play."

The Demon's eyes widened in surprise, but he couldn't hide the little shiver that went through him. He looked Davariel over once more and almost swayed forward. He brought himself to an abrupt halt and stared at Davariel with narrowed eyes.

Come-on, fucker. You know you want me again. Stop playing hard to get.

"Let me see what you really look like, demon. I know you're an angel hiding underneath that...hideous exterior," Davariel coaxed.

The creature hesitated for a moment, then began to glow, bathing the rocks around them in a soft pink hue. The burgundy faded to a creamier tone as he transformed into a man virtually as beautiful as Davariel.

Davariel stared flabbergasted at the newly transformed being before him. The face was delicate and androgynous, with silvery blue eyes, a straight, pert nose and plump, rose-kissed lips. Hair, white as snow, cascaded down in a shimmering fall to mid thigh, like an iridescent cape around a delicately muscled body that was obviously male from the huge erection that rose up between creamy thighs. Still, the fallen angel's ghost-like aura was black.

"Tell me your name." Davariel masked his voice with a sweetness he did not feel.

The stunning male angel smiled. "If I did, then I'd have to kill you." The soft, melodious voice could have been from either a man or woman.

Davariel shrugged, projecting all the charm he possessed into one captivating smile. The angel's gaze heated up a few degrees at Davariel's flirtatiousness. "So, I guess I'll just have to call you Pretty-boy since you won't tell me your name." Rising to his full seven-foot stature, Davariel's smile disappeared from his face. His red wings opened as he squared his shoulders and stared at the angel with narrowed eyes. "Kneel, slave," he snarled.

The shock and rage on the fallen angel's face almost made Davariel smile again.

"H-how d-dare you," Pretty-boy stammered.

Davariel summoned his short whip and cracked it. The sound echoed throughout the chamber; making the angel flinch, then hiss like an enraged vampire.

"I said kneel, slave! If you want me to fuck you, then you'll obey me," Davariel roared.

The fallen angel blinked, his sneer turning into a little pout of anxiety.

"Fucking rot then," Davariel snorted and turned to leave.

"Wait," the angel implored.

Davariel turned to see the fallen angel wringing his fingers before finally going down on his knees.

What a stupid weak creature. No wonder they were cast out from the realm of light.

Davariel walked around the trembling fallen angel.

Ah, sweet angel...he mused, the hatred within him making him smile. You tremble in terror at my feet while your loins burn with lust for me.

"Put your hands on the floor," Davariel commanded. The angel obeyed quickly. Gleaming white hair poured down to the dirty ash-covered ground, like water, covering half of that exotic, angelic face. "Nice." He stroked the angel's smooth, pale body with the tassels of his flogger. 'Pretty boy' moaned with pleasure before gasping in shock when Davariel struck him with the whip, leaving red marks on his once flawless flesh. He leaned back and lashed the fallen angel a second time. 'Pretty-boy' took it and groaned in rapture, tilting his ass higher for more.

Davariel knelt behind him and let his tongue lave at the hurt he'd inflicted.

"Davariel," the angel moaned, spreading his lithe legs wider in invitation. "Did you know Lucifer envies your beauty? Fuck me."

Davariel's heart pounded with rage. Feelings of revenge ate away at him. Time for retribution, Pretty-boy. He bared his fangs and sank them deep. Fuck him indeed!

The angel's sharp scream of pain echoed throughout the cavern, making the devils above them shift in irritation. The other two demons that slumbered a few feet away, looked with bored indifference. Typical demons. They couldn't care less.

Davariel held the angel with his telepathic power, sneering down at the shivering creature before him. He opened his arms feeling the angel's blood dribbling down his chest. Slowly, Davariel used his power to bring him up with a simple wave of his fingers. He pressed the fallen angel to his chest.

"Mmmm," Davariel groaned behind the angel, squeezing his power hold so that the angel teetered on the razor sharp edge of pleasure and pain. "You're such a pretty angel. Too bad."

"W-why do you say too bad?"

"Do you know what's so special about me, Pretty-boy? What's so special about reapers in general?" He nuzzled the delicate ear beneath the curtain of iridescent white hair.

"Holy warriors." The angel whimpered when Davariel's hands came down to caress him, teasing his erect flesh, then slowly dragging up his torso to his candy-pink nipples.

"That's right." He licked the angel's neck and pinched the pert little nipples hard, making Pretty-boy groan and tremble in exquisite bliss. "The Divine One created us special." Davariel's voice dropped down to a whisper. He could see each molecule of air swirling around them and knew he'd gone into kill mode. His hands tingled with deadly power. "We're the only beings of this physical world left who can kill an immortal angel without use of a sword."

The air around Davariel distorted, making the angel lose all color, turning grey and still like a lovely sculpture. The angel dissolved, like burned paper, turning into ash in Davariel's arms and drifting to the ground in a cloud of dust.

The devils screeched in terror, flitting around in wild disorder. With the flick of a wrist, Davariel grabbed one hapless fool that flew too close, also turning him to ash.

His eyes darted to the two remaining demons. "Come closer," he called sweetly to them, opening his arms, but the need to kill had his face contorting into a mask of rage as he snarled, "let me love you too."