 Davariel hovered over the rift, his wings a humming blur barely audible over the howling wind. The sky overhead, choked with thick clouds, was reddish, almost black. He knew Megdoluc's twin suns were shining on the other side of these clouds at their midday mark. However, beneath the thick volcanic ash floating in the atmosphere, it looked closer to dawn.

The air, a fetid mixture of excrement, rotting flesh and ammonia, contained enough poison to blind any being without protection, but Davariel's eyes had a transparent nictating membrane, common to his species, which protected the eyes during flight.

Below him, the frozen waves of the black ocean resembled great canyons. They spiraled around in a funnel that measured about a mile across. The heart of the funnel had a thick layer of a strange glass-like substance, which looked solid, yet rippled at its center. Devils were still leaking out, but the larger more powerful fallen archangels still could not get through.

Time was running out. Davariel knew reapers would return to Megdoluc, searching for him, something they did sporadically. They still clung to the hope of killing him before he opened the gateway to hell and set Lucifer free.

What surprised him most was that the demons hadn't questioned him about the sacrifice or Luciel's whereabouts. The two remaining demons simply stayed away, along with two others that appeared a few nights before.

Three months had passed since the dragons whisked Luciel away with the help of a clan of were-tigris. The shape shifting humanoids provided a star cruiser for their journey to Earth.

Davariel felt Luciel reaching out to him telepathically and shunned her each time. She even tried a dream walker spell, but he kept her blocked out of his mind.

Three weeks passed since the last time she attempted to connect with him. She'd finally given up.

He felt heartbroken, even though he knew it was all for the best. He didn't want her suffering for him. He didn't deserve it.

Summoning up his powers, he concentrated on the rift. He felt strong enough to try to reseal it.

"Abba," he begged to the Divine One on a sob, "I know I'm unworthy... but I implore you to give me the strength to mend the evil I've done."

He whispered the incantation that summoned the demon sword, then, with both hands, raised it over his head, pointing to the sky.

Davariel began praying in the ancient language of the Dominatios.

The wind began to pick up, whipping his hair behind his back. Energy filled him until he thought his body would explode into flames. White light surrounded him and he felt that energy extend into a long beam that rose into the stratosphere and down into the heart of the funnel. The entire surface of the planet shook, as if trembling in terror. The volcanoes exploded again, with more violence than before, fire shooting up like solar flares. The black clouds began to part around the beam of light he projected allowing the rays of the suns to break through.

The entire funnel glowed, revealing dark shadows swimming beneath the barrier.

"Davariel, stop." The voice was deep, laden with a power so terrible Davariel almost complied to its demand. Could it be Lucifer speaking to him?

Davariel closed his eyes and prayed more fervently.

*******

Not far from Megdoluc, a star cruiser containing a handful of reapers and two Seraph Master Guardians witnessed the terrifying display of energy. The entire planet glowed as if it were about to burst. Davariel's power harnessed the strength of one of the suns, causing it to flicker as he drained its life. They watched horrified as the star began to swell and turn first white, then yellow to orange. As the color darkened to red, the star tripled in size.

"What the hell is he doing?" one of the reapers exclaimed. "He'll kill us all!"

"He must be opening the rift." The high priest that had replaced Gadriel cursed. "We've got to hurry. We may be able to kill the smaller less powerful devils and demons, but not the fallen archangels."

The star cruiser dove toward the surface of Megdoluc. They were greeted with the sight of fire and ice once they broke through the thick covering of black clouds.

Landing at the edge of a frozen whirlpool, the sound of clashing swords drew their attention to the sky. Davariel fought three fallen angels and a horde of devils. The reapers took to the sky, but when they neared the battle the unholy creatures fled, leaving Davariel alone. He turned to the reapers and lowered his sword, panting. Immediately, they seized him and brought him down to the ground. He didn't fight them.

They made him kneel, pushing him down with rough hands, a reaper at each arm holding him. Another four grabbed hold of each wing and spread them out behind him in a very vulnerable position.

*******

And so begins my crucifixion—Davariel thought with a shudder. The rift was almost closed, but the last three fallen angels to come through attacked him, preventing him from closing it completely.

He kept his head bowed and saw when the black boots of the new High Priest stopped before him.

Davariel knew Ashriel. By Seraph's standards, he was still a chickling, barely ninety sun orbits. Baby down still covered his black wings, despite his full-grown male body.

"We meet again, Davariel." The High Priest bent to tilt Davariel's face up with his fingertips. Wisps of his dark chocolate-brown hair drifted across his boyish face as he gazed into Dava's eyes. "I remember the way your eyes were before... so blue and clear... so beautiful. What have you done to yourself, Davariel? Why did you divest yourself of your magnificent wings? No one's wings were blacker than yours."

"They were a curse to me," Davariel replied in a soft voice.

Ashriel frowned, then positioned his sword at Davariel's throat. The divine sword remained silent surprising Davariel. His soul couldn't be purified, not after all he'd done. "Have you repented?" Shock was evident in Ashriel's voice.

"Yes." Davariel shuddered with the admission. His soul felt light and liberated, full of joy and love. Luci was safe. If he could close the rift completely, everything would be perfect.

As if unable to believe what he was hearing, Ashriel summoned a Master Guardian to sweep Davariel's mind, wanting to see all of his memories.

The Seraph seemed hesitant at first. To them, reading a person's mind uninvited was akin to rape, but she complied at Ashriel's blistering scowl.

"It's all right." Davariel smiled at her. "I don't mind."

The pretty Seraph placed her hand on Davariel's head and the other on Ashriel's strong forearm.

After a while, Davariel cringed when she began to sob and scream. She must not have liked what she saw. The other Master Guardian rushed to hold her as she began to crumple to the ground. He pulled her back, bewildered, as she reached out, trying to embrace Davariel.

Davariel looked back up at Ashriel who stared at him open mouthed for a moment, before regaining his composure with a scowl. "You're a fool," the high priest spat.

Davariel bowed his head again.

"You wonder why the demons have ceased to punish you...why they no longer inquire about the sacrifice. Oh, Angel of Destruction...how truly naive you are. You impregnated the girl with your demon seed. She carries your successor within her...more powerful than you, because its blood is mixed with the blood of a very powerful Master Guardian and, of course, the act of conception took place on the most magical planet in the entire universe. That will make the child the most powerful entity ever created in this realm." He looked up and nodded.

One of the reapers knelt before him and pulled Davariel's long hair forward, baring his back and wings.

Davariel braced himself, closing his eyes. One blow was all it took to sever his wings.

He screamed in agony. They released his writhing body to the ground. Blood, bright and pure red, spurted upon the ash cover snow creating a crimson pool. That last act broke his bond of slavery to the demons.

"Your child must die, Dava. I'm sorry."

What?! "No," he sobbed. "Please! I pay for my own sins! Don't hurt my baby!" Ashriel's words caused more pain to Davariel than the hacking of his wings.

"It carries your blood...your demon blood. It'll be an abomination."

"The child also carries the blood of a Master Guardian...an archangel. Luci has a divine sword. She battled me with it. Her blood is strong. The babe has free will. Don't deny its right to choose," he begged, looking up at Ashriel.

The High Priest shook his head with regret. "It's not that simple. If the child were to fall into the hands of the dark side, we'd all be doomed. The child's pure blood alone is strong enough to break open the rift completely. They wouldn't have need for a virginal sacrifice. The child would become the sacrifice. That's why they've allowed you to live. You're the bait. They're waiting for the woman to return for you."

"Then kill me," he implored. "Take my body back for all to see I am no more."

"You've repented. Killing you would be a pointless murder."

"And killing Luci and an innocent babe isn't? She won't return. Ashriel, please!"

"No. She won't return...because we're going to hunt her down."

Davariel tried to stand, despite the pain. He began to throw up because of the imbalance of not having any wings. Black soot, blood and now puke covered him. He was weak, powerless and broken, but worse, he was useless to defend the woman he loved and his child in her womb.

He begged and wept until he was hoarse as they took to the sky, leaving him abandoned on the demon planet. He crumpled to the frozen ground losing consciousness from the loss of blood and shock.

*******

On Earth, Luciel clenched her teeth in agony. She panted, her brow beading in sweat as the contractions ebbed. It felt as if her baby had made a complete somersault within her womb. The labor had started the night before.

Her gestation period had only taken three months. Remuel assured her this was normal for the offspring of a Seraph. What hadn't been normal was her belly blooming to twice its size since labor began, and she distinctly felt the movement of a second baby in her womb when they had been certain it was only one. She'd refused to have her belly scanned. This was Davariel's and her baby. She would love it regardless of what it was... male, female, seraph, or demon...or cambion.

A were-tigri male, Seshmel, mopped Luciel's brow while his sister, Sasha, crouched between her legs. Luciel squatted down, held from behind by Zakreel. Remuel was kneeling close with a blanket, ready to take the newborn once he or she was delivered.

She was grateful to the were-tigri clan for taking her in and providing her with protection during her pregnancy. She sensed she wasn't safe; knew she was being hunted because of what she carried in her womb. Not even the were-tigri's knew the babe in her womb was fathered by the dark prince. Had they known, they would have fled in terror.

Luciel pushed, feeling the emergence of Davariel's baby. He'd kept her blocked out all these months. Gritting her teeth, she almost growled thinking of what she was going to tell him. How dare he get her pregnant then just....

Pain ripped through her making her scream. "Why does it hurt so much. Something's not right."

"It's fine," Sasha soothed. "Keep pushing. The baby is emerging feet first."

She clenched her teeth and bore down, the pain agonizing. Wings. Maybe that's why it hurt so much. The baby probably had wings like his father. She would have to go into hiding to protect the baby. When did chicklings learn to fly?

Luciel's rambling thoughts came to a halt when she saw her baby emerge; a boy with stark black hair. The pain didn't subside, as she took a second agonized breath. The baby's tiny fists were clutching another set of little hands, literally dragging another infant out along with him. Luciel closed her eyes as she bore down again. When the second child was delivered, she felt faint with exhaustion.

Twins, but only one was wailing.

Zakreel scooped her up and placed her in a large sunken tub.

The silence of the first baby made her feel anxious, even though she could feel his life force pulsating all around them.

"Are they both okay? Please...tell me."

"The raven haired one is well. He's just quiet. I can see him breathing and he's moving." Remuel answered over his shoulder.

She didn't get to see the second baby when he emerged, only the hands. This one obviously hadn't inherited her dark hair. Did he look like Davariel? A curl of apprehension skittered through her. Another god-like Seraph?

Seshmel approached her with a wailing blond baby. He placed the tiny infant in her arms as Luciel gazed at her beautiful son. He was all plump and pink and loud. She smiled and put him to her breast. He immediately latched on. Blinking open his eyes, he looked at her face, as his rosebud lips pulled at her nipple. Luciel felt her heart constrict with love as she gazed into his pale blue eyes. Just like mom's, but—they had a slight almond shape to them. He looked just like Luciel, but with blond hair. She felt a little guilty at her relief none of the babies had been born with wings, angelic or demonic.

"I'm going to name you Lucien. It means Light of God! It was your grandfather's name." Her heart swelled with maternal pride. "Remuel, let me hold my other baby."

The other dragon, when in human form, had the deepest, reddest mane of hair she'd ever seen on a humanoid. It was the color of blood. She became nervous when he gazed at her with reluctance in his bright green eyes.

"Bring him to me," she demanded.

This baby was larger. His hair was deep blue-black, much richer than hers, and his skin very pale. If it weren't for his rosy cheeks, she would have believed he had been stillborn.

Remuel leaned down and placed her first born in her other arm. She gasped when she saw how his eyes glowed...like a demon's...like his father's. Except for the dark hair, the baby looked exactly like Davariel. Oh, God! For a moment she felt despair, but he smiled at her, one little blue eye scrunching closed, and then he stretched and yawned. "Oh," was all she could say, completely captivated.

A burst of blue-white light blinded Luciel. Clutching her babes to her breasts, she created a protective cocoon around them. Still, the room shook with the power of the new presence, making her feel terror.

The musical notes of a child-like voice filled the room, like a tinkling glass wind-chime dancing in the breeze—a breeze that carried the sweetness of a million fragrant blooms.

Luciel looked up and blinked in astonishment. A platinum-haired cherub floated before them; a legendary Dominatio. It eyes flashed blue, like lightning, in a round baby-face. The tiny angel held a gleaming sword over its head as though it weighed nothing. 

He'd said a name. She tried to pronounce it. "Div-Div-" Luciel stuttered.

"Dev' On," the cherub pronounced a bit more clearly.

"Devon...Devon Luciel Angelos." She gazed at her raven-haired son, then looked at her blond son, "and Lucien Davariel Angelos."

Luciel heard loud gasps and looked up to see the were-tigris clutching each other with terrified looks on their faces. She'd mentioned Davariel's name. Beings were still terrified of him.

Before she'd even opened her mouth, Remuel ushered the were-tigris out, launching into what she surmised was going to be a lengthy explanation as to why they hadn't been informed that Luciel was carrying the offspring of the dark prince.

"The little ones must be kept safe. Both have powers beyond mere mortals."

"Both?"

"They must be kept safe."

One second she was staring at the blond androgynous baby angel, the next second at a cloud of hundreds of bright flowers spilling onto the floor of the bathroom. The entire room filled with the sweet scent of flowers. The sword the cherub held dissipated into a shimmering cloud of iridescent light that swirled around Devon and disappeared.

Luciel stared in awe at her son. She'd received her divine sword only two years ago. Dominatio's had never bestowed a divine sword to an infant before. What did it all mean?

A vision came to her, and she almost doubled over in pain when she saw what was left of Davariel in her mind.

Metal encased his hands up to his elbows and he had a black spiked collar wrapped around his neck. Two bloody stumps protruded from his ravaged back and bite marks covered his buttocks and thighs. The rest of the skin was tattered and ripped, almost down to the bone. He was being abused by two fallen angels. Five more waited their turn.