 CHAPTER 52

Sure enough the jet was barely in the air when a Major came over and started in on Derek because he was in his uniform and I was in a suit. He said, "Who the hell you think you are boy I am Major Burns in charge here. You're under arrest landing on my base without permission taking personnel without authorization and I will have a few more charges by the time I get you to the Brigg. Sergeant, arrest him and this civilian to." 

Josh said, "Sergeant, release him and stand down," and he saluted and stood down. 

The Major looked at the sergeant then at me, "who the fuck are you." 

"Colonel Josh Davis Home land security Major," presenting his ID and flipping up his suit collar showing his gold oak levees.

Major If you had been on Base when we arrived you would of known this .Your Sergeant did, so why didn't you? Is this the way you run a base. Stand at attention when your being addressed by a superior officer or do you need to go back to basic training because believe me Major I can arrange it with a phone call. Have Captain Elizabeth Flynn remain attached here but on secret homeland security assignment or do I need to address the sergeant here to do that task to."

'No sir. It will be done immediately sir."

"Good now sergeant drive us to the officer mess I want some breakfast."

We jumped in the jeep leaving the Major standing on the runway. "Sergeant, be here five minutes before our plane returns."

While we ate Derek just looked and said, "You dressed down that Major like a pro."

"TV a wonderful thing," Josh said and laughed.

Derek said, "How did you know he was off base?

"Read his mind."

All right Derek said, "I am your head of security if you will have me."

Josh said, "I would like you be around for the next few centuries."

"Christ, you don't make it easy on an Irishman do you?"

"Nope and I am going to savor turning the big straight man into my bisexual fag cocksucker," Josh said smiling.

Derek said, "You got a sick sense of humor."

Josh said, "I forgot to mention that within six months or so you will revert back to your prime age with no organ defaults. Now that will probably depend on how much of my cum you absorb as to the time it takes you. You must have noticed Frank no gray hair no wrinkles six pack ribs again."

Derek said, "I did but thought he was working out."

Sergeant come to the door said, "Plane is arriving sir."

Ten minutes later we were wheels up and an hour later back at our home.

Derek said, "Where is Liz."

Frank said, "In the hospital my girls were all their dressed in grass skirt sort of they just went down an inch below their ass the workers were having a view for sure with all their enlarged tits and big bellies as they were in their ninth month.

Derek and the rest of us went to the hospital. Liz was up in bed with an IV in her and eating, like a horse.

Derek said, "What's wrong."

The Dr. said, "Nothing she is perfect health except she needs some body mass. Got IV of B twelve and other supplements including some high powered steroids she will be fit as rain within a month." This was the crews Dr.

Josh said, "Call Dr. Brian to the infirmary. He came in and Josh told him, "She had aids and I fixed her now this guy got her filled with IV's."

Dr Brian said, "Leave her on it over night then take them off." The Dr. disagreed.

Josh said, "Dr. Brian is head medical authority on this island."

Derek stayed with his sister we went back to our villa. The drums were beating again. Mowee was there to meet us and I said, "I know the drums." she nodded yes but much more they planning big party for King soon. There were natives running around with no clothes on.

Brenda elbowed me, "we are first sire."

"Always my Queen," as Josh was eyeing the nice asses on some of the natives. 

Brenda was large now like the rest of my Queens and as I was making passionate love being careful not to sink my cock all the way in. Of course Mother Nature decided the time and it was now. Brenda's water broke as she was on top of me. I pressed the chip on my neck and computer connected me to the infirmary summing the Dr. and the problem the golf cart ambulance arrived with the Dr. and off they went I walked in the shower to clean when I got word two more of my Queens went into labor. I was thinking to myself, "I am all gooey again, smiling, only this time from my love." 

Josh made my way to the infirmary he didn't bother with clothes and got a lot of stairs from workers there girlfriends and wives as his flaccid eight inch cock was slapping his leg as he walked down the hill.

As he walked proud that he was about to be a father Josh felt the sensation that he was walking on air. Reaching the infirmary Brenda, Barb and Millie were on the beds.

Josh checked on Millie she was in some pain but he felt both girls were ready to join our world. 

Brenda let out a scream and I heard a baby cry. As I got there the second girl was arriving. The Dr. put them in blankets and into my arms. At that moment a feeling of joy and responsibility as tears flowed from my eyes. My queen has given us two beautiful girls. The Dr. took them from me and placed them on their mother's chest where they started feeding.

Barb in the next bed started screaming Just as Frank and Bill arrived. Barb had one girl Millie had one girl then the second then Barb had her second. Instant family but it wasn't over yet Tanya was wheeled in and Julie walked in but her water broke as she reached Barb's bed by the end of the day Josh was the father of ten girls and one boy. 

Josh was running from bed to bed comforting and proud as could be Tanya said hope that chest settles down or none of you shirts will fit not that it matters because you don't wear them anyways. My queens were all given a sedative to sleep and the children went to the nursery. 



Chapter 53

As we drove up the hill the drums were deafening seemed like surround sound.

Inside the villa Mawee was there congratulating me and all nude girls bowing. We couldn't help it our cocks got like rocks and it didn't go unnoticed.

Josh said so what's with all the drums. The chiefs are coming here to honor their king and his children the Prince and Princesses.

Bill had two native girls sucking his cock and he said to Josh, "Now you have a royal blood line sire."

Frank had two native girls on him sucking his cock licking his balls it wasn't long and more were on Josh riding his pole. They all cum and Bill and Frank both ate out the girls that Josh cum into so they got their fix. The girls left all giddy, Mowee said, "Chief Mama, Chief Nama and Chief Lama have arrived bearing gifts for you and your children."

"Mowee," how should we dress?" 

"Sire, as King you dress as you feel but they have seen you in a towel sire should wear no more than that. Your friends are white men shorts be fine for them or nude to show subservient to their King. Master here is grass skirt this is appropriate Mowee said."

Josh commanded Bill and Frank to be naked saying, "They will probably get fucked more." 

Josh has still not got over the phase of humiliating Bill and Frank.

Mowee said, "As King you must lead your people, death is the custom if this one law is broken. The chiefs will not sit, till you do. Other than that don't refuse any gifts or the chief looses face.

Off we went down to the beach where the three chiefs bowed to the King Josh walked up and said in their language," rise my chief's my friends," and Josh sits in a grand chair up on a platform which he assumes it was for him. Frank and Bill sat on a log that was placed close to a small bonfire. Chief Mama Chief Lama and Chief Nama came up first and bowed saying, "King Josh our tribes have joined for this momentous occasion to celebrate the installation of our King. Your majesty we have not had a King in almost two hundred years, and since then we ruled by council. Our life is a simple one, the forest and sea provides us with all our needs."

King Lama said, "It is our custom for our women to breed with any white man. It is considered good luck and fortune with our gods. A female of our tribe is to be taking within twenty four moons of her first bleeding, or any time after one hundred sixty eight moons. We do not understand how our King won't touch our women till the reach two hundred sixteen moons." 

King Josh speaking in their native tongue said, "Your council is wise and it should continue, I am here to serve you my subjects to make your lives better. A white man should not have intercourse with any women before two hundred sixteen moons. A white man is not a good person if he fails to abide by my law and should be shunned by all tribes if he takes a woman before the appropriate time. Within your tribe your custom should remain and as your King and being a white man I must not take any tribal women till they reach that age."

The chiefs all understood and the chief Nama said, "King Josh, "We have gifts for you they mean very little to us but other white men that come to our islands have treated us badly to get this stuff." The tribesmen brought out baskets by the dozens and laid them off to the side of the chair and opened them they were full of gold coins, pearls gold jewelry and nuggets. There had to be hundreds of millions in treasure. I tapped my chip told Derek to come here and take charge of the gifts I had the tribes men follow Derek he took them to the secure bunker. 

CHAPTER 54

Derek brought back three army knives at Josh request and he presented them to each chief.

This was unheard of the king giving a chief a gift. The chiefs did not know what to do.

For the moment the chief brought out eleven necklaces made of what looked like Jade for each of the babies and one for each of my Queens and a three layer one for me.

Then the dancing started the women were all but naked they had a small grass mini skirt over there pussies but did not hide it. Each one of the women would win any beauty pageant they entered as the dance ended they took up positions two at my feet one at the chief feet and started massaging our cocks.

Buy the time the next group of dancers were done Bill and Derek had women jerking and sucking them.

The next set of dancers were young girls might have been teens at best when they were done three of them mounted each chief and two of them came up to me and started massing my shoulders neck and back saying, "The chief are fucking the virgins and we are your gifts but have to wait one hundred moons to enjoy you and pleasure you like the chiefs are." 

That was my present from the chief. 

The party went on till light was coming up most everybody was asleep I was fucked and sucked by so many I can only hope they were all of age. That day we went back to the villa two new additions Kalani and Kalei both were told they had to wear the apron bottoms but be blue as they were our special gift they could enjoy our company do massages and dances for us but no sex for a 100 moons. We went to the shower Bill Frank Kalani and Kalei showered us to other maids did our teeth and hair.

We were off to the infirmary to see the children and our Queens. All the girls were up sitting at a table eating Dr. Brian said they could go up to the villa later this morning. Josh introduced our two new gifts from the chief and all the gifts given to the Queens and the babies. The girls all needed a fix but they had to take it orally for a few weeks or normally wood with the recoup powers it was more like two days but we let it go a week and we had five hymens to break again I let Bill take Julie and Frank take Barb I took the rest. That first night with my Queens, Derek came to join us and he sucked me off. I let him work on my cock for an hour before I gave him my special cum. He swallowed my entire special cum and of course Bill and I teased the Irishman all the time he sucked me off. Bill was saying, "maybe we should have him do daily training sessions so he doesn't take all night to get your cum. He could practice on Frank in the mornings and me in the afternoons." It was fun to watch this red hair Irishman turn his face as red as his hair.

The next round we brought Liz and Derek to suck Josh off. Bill of course could not let this pass. "Aw isn't that cute brother and sister sucking cock together." Neither said anything but the red glow on both their faces told the whole story.

Derek was hooked he could feel the renewed energy and the feeling of well being. He now resigned himself to the need of Josh's cum.

Josh next encounter he had Liz riding his cock cowboy style. Derek was told to lick his balls and shaft to help him cum quicker which meant licking his sister's pussy along the way. That made Liz cum all over Derek's face and when Josh cum he held Liz in place and as the cum rolled out of Liz's pussy and down Josh's cock Derek was there to lick it up.

That was the straw that broke Derek, he said, "Thank you Master for the special cum." 

Josh said, "Good slave, now go suck Frank off." 

Josh said,"Liz, why don't you pleasure Derek and suck him off while he does Frank and Bill you look lonely you may as well fuck Liz, while she does Derek." 

Frank looked in disbelief, that this strong Irishman was reduced to sucking cock on demand and even eating out his sister's pussy. "The awe of Josh's powers," thought Frank.

Frank could feel himself ready to cum he didn't want to as he was enjoy this hot mouth on his cock but he cum anyway and Derek licked Frank Clean and continued sucking till Frank went soft. Liz got a mouthful of her brothers cum at the same time as her pussy was being filled by Bill's cum.

A few weeks later Dr Brian found it was my seed in the seaman that was the active ingredient and soon was able to put it into an injection forum it could be frozen in dry ice and when thawed was still active. The guys appreciated that and Brian Derek and Frank all looked like 25 year old again it was fun the first few times having Derek blow me just seemed to set the tone better between us He was like Frank as straight as they cum. Josh on the other hand enjoyed sex male and female he did Julie many times with Bill and did the same with all the girls he used Frank with Millie and Barb and Bill with Julie and Brenda and Derek with Tanya and Liz. We named the kids and boy was that a chore. Bet it took a week before it was settle often by the flip of a coin. 

Brenda's were named Princess Brea and Brandi. Julie's were named Princess Jess and Jenna. Tanya's were named Princesses Tasha and Tara and the triplet boy was named, Prince Josh junior JJ for short. Millie's identical twin girls were named Princess Marie and Mariana. Barb's were Princess Brianna and Brigid.

As the months passed Liz brought her force to one hundred fifty. Derek recruited another fifty all terminal ill. We were using the needles now on the personnel they knew it came from me but kept it a secret for the most part.

Our lives became our family Bill got Julie pregnant within a month of Jess and Jenna being born and Frank got Barb pregnant the same week and of course I got the rest pregnant I could not sense Julie or Barbs children only my own. Our group was so much into the sex scenes and our love for one another we never bothered with the needle Bill, Frank and Josh lived on breast milk like the kids did. By putting off fucking the girls for a few days there pussies got as tight as a teenager again. This created better orgasms for the girls and of course we enjoyed it more as well. The guys were in demand and the security force were a great help taking care of the native women every one respected the eighteen year rule making life roll along smoothly.



Chapter 54

All good things must come to an end I guess. About three years after we were there the drums started chattering with an emergency to them Chief Lama's village was attacked many killed village burnt pirates of sorts were after the pearls. They came in on the week our radar had a blind spot one of the radars were down and we were waiting for replacement part. I said to Frank there is going to be hell to pay for this blunder. Chief Mama and chief Nama wanted to attack immediately and I had to stop them they were not happy." Let my force go in these are white men with white man's guns far superior to your weapons. I don't want any more of my people to die. Let my security force handle this I could not bear to see any of my villagers hurt unnecessarily. We will take out their landing craft and they will have no means of escape." Chief Mama said all these men must die it is our way. Josh said as your king your way will be done but let's save the rest first both jets were launched and the two apache helicopters. All landing crafts were destroyed the pirates were told to surrender or die the fired on the apaches big mistake low level passes of knock out gas was disbursed then our forces moved in the pirates were tied and cuffed over two hundred villagers were killed men women and children. A small force stayed with me as the two chiefs were ferried over in our zodiacs and the rest of both tribes arrived by their canoes. Chief Lama was coming around from the knock out gas. 

Josh knew this was not going to be a pretty sight the pirates were begging for their lives. I said, "Beg to the chiefs or to the babies you murdered." 

One of them said, "Our partners will avenge us they know where we are at they will kill you all if you harm us."

Derek said, "Thanks for the heads up mate. 

All three chiefs said these men must die as our King it is your place to kill their leader. I read their minds there was no option and there way was by fire. Way to gross for me I told chief Mama have him tied to the tree over there then clear the area as King he will show the power of their King and white man weapons. 

"Derek do you have one of those pullout bazookas for taking out tanks."

"Yes sire, Josh you sure."

"Derek I must do this and no I am not sure, it is just that I must."

I told the pirate make your peace with god. He was bawling begging for his life as the area was cleared and Derek opened the bazooka showed me the sight and safety. Without wasting time I turned aimed and fired the bazooka exploded on contact and blew the man to pieces so small there was nothing to bury.

The drums started beating and I told the chiefs, "Do as you must," and I left the field. Soon as I got clear I threw my guts up. Derek said, "You're a brave man Josh many a man gets sick first time he takes a life."

"Derek take me home" Derek flew me back in the apache helicopter we were back in minutes. Derek took me to his hut and gave me a drink It was much stronger than Brandi after the third drink I got hold of myself and said, "thanks" he got me to the villa and my family were all around me I broke down cried like a baby I took a life I was in charge and all those villagers are dead.

Bill said, "Josh you're looking at this wrong. If we weren't here the whole three tribes would have been wiped out or enslaved. You saved a thousand lives and those pirates lives were forfeited the moment they set foot on your island." 

Derek was there and said, "Bill is one hundred percent correct." Liz piped up, "Our radar being down probably wouldn't of mattered we looked at the remains of their boat and it has radar absorbing material we wouldn't have picked it up anyway."

Frank Josh screamed, 'did you know about this breach in our defenses." 

"Well yes but that is one in a million that that type of a boat would come here."

Does the technology exist to track this type of boat plane sub or fucking flying pigeon? Frank could see I was wild angry and upset.

"Yes but it's classified and very expensive even if we could get it, "Frank said.

"Frank I am trying to hold my temper but do you know, that I your son had to, up close and personnel murder a helpless man tied to a tree, because we didn't have the correct defense system here. For the rest of my miserable fucking life I have to live with that."
