 How can I still be alive?

Time held no meaning for him. Davariel's life had become a blur of continuous torture. If they weren't fucking him, they were beating him, tearing his flesh, biting out chunks of it. Only his face remained untouched. They told him Lucifer wanted the privilege of ripping Davariel's pretty face off himself.

He dreamed of Luciel, drifting in and out of consciousness, holding on to his happy thought in desperation.

Soon. Soon the end will come. He tried to console himself.

Through the pain, he clung to the memory of Luciel, her scent, her face, her fiery temper.

"My love," he whispered in delirium as the fallen angels continued to defile him.

They laughed, scoring his flesh with their sharp nails and fangs. He didn't even flinch at the mutilation of his body. He was past feeling. He simply prayed the end would come quickly.

After a while, they grew bored with their limp ragdoll and left him alone.

Davariel lay listless on the filthy ground, covered in blood and semen. His heart beat in an erratic rhythm as he waited for it to stop. However, to his dismay, it kept right on beating, stuttering now and then.

Why?

One of the younger she-devils came over sniffing at him. Her image swam before his bleary eyes.

She was different from the others in how she looked and acted, and usually stayed away. He'd seen her many times scratching and pulling at her skin as if being encased in a body made her uncomfortable.

Now she sniffed at him, watching the demons in trepidation. His eyes drifted shut. The female poked lightly at him and after a long moment began the task of tongue bathing him like a cat. Her tongue was a bit raspy and made his wounds sting, reminding him he was still alive. He hadn't the strength to wave her away...he couldn't even groan. When would death bless him with escape?

Briefly, and to his somber amusement, he felt her trying to grasp him under his arms, trying to pull him away. A threatening growl from one of the demons had her ceasing her efforts and scurrying away.

Then all sounds and sensations ceased.

He dreamt of a beautiful woman cradling him in her arms. She was a feminine version of himself.

For the longest moment all he could do was stare at her. She was humming to him and stroking his hair back from his forehead. The woman just hummed and smiled at him.

"Are you my mother?" He finally asked.

Her blue eyes shimmered with moisture. "Something akin to that." Her delicate hand caressed his cheek.

"Why did you abandon me?" Strange. He felt weak even in this dream. Maybe she was a real angel and had come to take him away. The thought gave him comfort. She probably died giving him birth and now she would take him with her. Perhaps she hadn't abandoned him after all. He was just about to apologize for having caused her demise, but she began to speak.

"I couldn't keep you. I had no physical form."

"I don't understand." His wanted to touch her face, but he felt so weak. His eyes caressed what he hadn't the strength to touch.

"I fell in love with a Seraphian reaper I'd been feeding from and possessed a young Seraphian female to entice him into coupling." She bit her lip, looking uncomfortable, then continued. "I became pregnant. I didn't know that was possible. The woman would only show her pregnancy when I possessed her. I felt the presence of your soul inside me." Her golden brows drew together showing her confusion. She sighed, closed her eyes, and shook her head. "It was a punishment...for having fallen in love. When it was time for you to be born, my spirit became trapped in the Seraph's body until we birthed you. She was horrified because she'd been a virgin and didn't remember having lain with anyone. She wrapped you in rags, without even gazing upon you, and ran to the edge of a cliff to throw you down into the ocean. I begged her not to...she couldn't hear me...but then you began to cry. The sound of your sweet voice enthralled her, so she decided to leave you at the gates of Angelos, because you were a reaper."

"What are you? What am I?"

"In this realm I was cursed by Lucifer. He turned me into a succubus. You, my son, are a cambion. We were angels, Davariel. Alpha angels, because we were God's brightest. Lucifer was jealous of our splendor and tossed us down into this realm." For a moment, Davariel remembered falling... reaching down to a being made of pure white energy. He didn't understand where the memory came from. "There were seven of us," she continued. "Inside your soul you held the essence of the last two. Devon has already been released. The essence of the last angel is now with him."

Davariel's mind reeled. "Who's my father? Was he an angel too?"

She looked sad. "You killed him. His name was Gadriel. Lucifer corrupted his soul in an attempt to turn you against God." She caressed his face. "It almost worked."

Davariel felt filled with revulsion. His own father...everything they'd done... "I'm-I'm an abomination! Why didn't you let that woman drown me? I never should have been born."

She hung her head, her golden hair veiling her face and sobbed.

Her tears rained on his face filling him with sorrow. "M-mother?" Mother, I'm sorry for causing you pain.

The dream faded.

The feel of cool water against his parched lips made him stir. At first, he instinctively swallowed with his bruised throat, then thought better and refused it. He only prolonged his agony by consuming water. If he stopped, then his days would be shorter. 

He wondered where he would go once he transcended. Would the Divine One send him directly to hell, or would he be sent back to this realm to try again? If he reincarnated, he hoped that this time he'd be someone or something a little more normal. How wonderful it would be to come back as a plant, just stand beneath the sun all day and wait for the rains! Better yet, he could be an Edenian toad. One of his reaper baby sisters received one as a gift from her parents. She had told him they lived in ponds, sat on lily pads and ate flies. It was an ugly, slimy little creature, but made the funniest sound and hopped fast. He remembered giggling with Amaranth, trying to catch it when they were still chicklings.

Someone was trying to lift him again.

"I want to be a toad," he murmured, his voice barely above a whisper. Something nudged him onto his back. "I'll s-sit... on a li-pad an eat fie..." He felt himself fading again.

Voices sounded near him. They seemed familiar.

Someone was worrying about swallowing him and then he felt himself rolling onto a wet, warm surface.

Blackness.

He heard a woman's cry. She was sobbing!

A curl of terror gripped his insides making him want to throw up. Had they found Luci? Was she fool enough to have come back looking for him? Were they hurting her too now? The thought had fury burning like fire through him. His instinct to destroy and kill arose like a black demon within his heart. If only his body weren't so broken already.

This time he fought the blackness, trying to stay conscious, but failed. It was all encompassing. Fine time for him to die! His last conscious emotion was one of extreme anger.

Someone was kissing his face and caressing his hair. There was a warm body pressed up close to him. His body no longer ached.

"Davariel, wake up, sweet baby."

"Luci?" His eyes blinked open. She was the most beautiful sight he'd ever seen. "Are...we dead, my love?"

She laughed. Her eyes held so much love...all for him. "Of course not!"

Sadness tore through him. He was dreaming. But what a vivid dream! Maybe in his weakened state she dream walked into his mind. He'd kept her away so long so she wouldn't suffer for him.

Does that mean she loves me? Dare I hope? No-no, Dava. She only cares...that's still something. He tried to find joy in that, clinging to the thought in desperation.

"My love, you've got to be strong. No matter where I am, heaven or hell, I'll always remember you. I just want you to promise me that you'll be happy."

"Oh, Davariel. What nonsense are you going on about now?" She shook her head with a soft smile. "First you're going on about wanting to be a toad and now this. What in heaven's name are you talking about?"

His vision grew sharper. He began to realize that this was no dream. He was very much alive and awake...and Luciel was lying beside him.

He felt himself grow pale as he stared at her in horror. Her smile faded and her brows furrowed at his reaction. "It's a trap, Luci! Why...h-how did you rescue me? Where are we? You must flee!" He gasped when he saw her flat abdomen. "You're not pregnant!"

"Calm down. It's okay!" His eyes flew to her face. He felt sick with anxiety even as she tried to soothe him. "We're safe. Trust me. There's a bunch of people helping us. Remuel and Zakreel were the ones that took you out of Megdoluc. Zakreel carried you back in his mouth while he was in dragon form. There are about a half a dozen reapers, both outcasts and fledgling that came to help too and some other weres." At Davariel's look of astonishment she added, "Shifters...wolves and tigers. The dragons recruited them."

"I don't understand."

Her fingers threaded through his hair gently. "You repented, Davariel. You repented from your heart. Not because you feared any punishment for yourself, but because you dared to feel love. That's why the reapers couldn't kill you. You're no longer a demon."

He had flashes of memory...a golden angel cradling him.

"What am I?" She'd told him, but he couldn't remember now.

Luciel answered him this time. "A man. My man." The possessiveness in her voice made his eyes tear. How could his life have changed so much? How long would it last? Then her next words turned that new life into a dizzying loop that left him dumbfound. "The father of my babies."

He swallowed. "Babies?"

She scowled at him. "I should be really pissed off at you, dumbass."

He swallowed. She looked very mad. "Th-the condom broke."

"Yeah, no shit, Blondie! You get me pregnant, get rid of me, and then don't answer any of my calls? What the fuck's up with that?"

He pondered what she could possible mean by calls, and the last sentence he couldn't make any sense of. What's up? What does she mean by what's up with that? He did understand she was quite upset at his having gotten her pregnant. Davariel instinctively pulled up his legs and clasped his hands over his cock, lest she decided to extricate a little revenge in that general area. "I'm... sorry?"

The corners of her mouth turned down even more, making her plump lower lip protrude, while her brows drew closer together.

"I couldn't let them find you. I needed for you to be safe." His eyes beseeched her to understand as the words tumbled out of his mouth.

"I'm a Master Guardian, Davariel. I have powers that you can't even begin to understand. Some of them I don't understand myself."

"If I was able to capture you, so can they, Luciel."

"We could have fought them together."

"While you were pregnant?" He could tell by the expression on her face she hadn't thought of that. "Had you fallen into their hands they would have taken care of you during your pregnancy only to await the birth of our child...my successor." He had to know! "What manner of offspring did I sire, Luciel? Are they Seraph or demon?"

Her expression smoothed out. "Allow me to show you."

His heart seemed to stop for a second, then raced as she rose and went to a large basket-like crib he hadn't noticed earlier. From within the basket she withdrew a tiny bundle and walked to him with a smile on her face.

"This is your second born, Lucien Davariel."

His whole body set to trembling as he allowed her to place the tiny infant into his arms. He had hair made of the finest, palest gold, and the icy blue eyes were like his mother's. The baby boy fussed a bit and turned his head as if searching for a breast from which to nurse.

"No wings?"

"No."

Davariel removed the blanket from around his son until he lay in his arms with nothing but his diaper. Then he began to sniff him lovingly, breathing in his essence, memorizing him. "Lucien. My little Lucien. You look just like your beautiful mother."

"He's going to have your hair, though."

"Let's thank the Divinity that's all of mine he got." He gazed at his son, feeling that he was the most perfectly beautiful child in all the universe. But, wait...he had another! "And my first born?" He noticed the look she had given at his earlier words and began feeling apprehension. Again, she turned and gathered another baby from the basket. This one was much larger with jet-black hair sticking straight out of his round head. The infant's skin was pale and he looked older than his delicate blond twin. The baby seemed to startle when she lifted him from the cradle, and began to cry. Luciel soothed him with gentle words before placing him into his father's other arm.

Davariel's heart sank. He was looking at himself with black hair. Though the child was still an infant, he looked irrefutably like his father and to make matters worse, his eyes glowed unnaturally bright. He had his demon blood...and his cursed face.

"His name is Devon Luciel. W-why are you crying?"

"He looks too much like me. He'll be put on a pedestal and made to think he's a god, like they did to me." How shallow, vain and selfish he had been back then.

"It doesn't have to be that way. We can disappear. There are places that are still unlinked. I know of plenty of worlds where we can fit in just fine and be happy...safe."

"The demons want him. They want both of them. Devon will be the new dark prince and Lucien the sacrifice."

"They won't find us. Trust me."

He felt terrified. Now he had so much more to lose.

He pulled Devon up to his face and took in his essence. He began to feel Lucien growing perceptibly heavier in his other arm. He looked over at his other son and noticed something slightly different about him. It was as if the baby had grown right before his eyes. He looked at Devon to notice that the infants glowing eyes dimmed a bit. Was the babe using his power already? Davariel's hairs stood on end. This child was too powerful!

Luciel made to remove them from him but he held them tightly and shook his head.

"Let me hold my sons a while longer. Please!"

"You have to eat. I helped restore you, but you still lack proper nourishment."

"Restored me?"

She shivered as if reliving some horror. "They'd bitten you all over and torn your flesh almost from the bone. You had bite marks even on your...." Her eyes lowered to his groin and began to tear.

"They bite when they mate, Luci."

"You mean rape." Her small frame shook with fury.

"Not now, Luci. I don't want to dwell on that now." He looked from son to son, smiling, then looked at the woman he loved; the mother of his sons. It was everything he ever wanted, and more than he thought he'd ever have. "If only we could stop time and live in this exact moment forever."

"If that were to happen, we'd never see our babies grow to be men." She came up against him, taking care not to press against the twins, and began to kiss him.

The sheer magnitude of love he felt at that moment propelled him into a fit of shakes he couldn't control. He felt his face drain of blood.

She broke away from the kiss, leaving him seeking its warmth, and almost toppling over in the process. "That's it," he heard her say.

The babes disappeared from hold as sweat broke out on his forehead. He clasped his arms over his chest, his eyes searching about wildly. Where did they go?

"Calm down." Her warm hands cupping his pale cheeks made his eyes snap back to her face. "I only teleported them back into their bassinet. You need to eat and rest a bit." She kissed his forehead and threaded her fingers through his hair. "You were more dead than alive when Remuel and Zakreel brought you in. You don't know how extensive the work of restructuring your entire back was." Davariel felt startled when she hugged him and ran her fingertips across the smooth expanse of his back. "There was an entire team of doctors and scientist working on you, trying to repair the damage from having your wings hacked off."

Releasing him, she walked over to a low dresser built along the entire length of the wall to the right side of the large bed he occupied. The wide bed sat in the middle of the room. Grabbing a small mirror, she went back and showed him his reflection. There was another mirror behind him on the wall at the head of the bed. Luciel pulled his hair over his shoulder revealing his now smooth flesh. No more wings.

"Where are we?" He turned to scowl at the mirror, knowing how easy it was for demons to traverse them. He resolving to get rid of it as soon as possible.

"Earth. We're within the grounds of the were-tigri people. They're protecting us. And, like I said before, we also have five were-wolf sentries, along with the reapers."

A bowl of hot stew appeared in her hands and she began to feed him. The stew reminded him of when he held her captive.

"I whipped you." He remembered the demons had been about to tear her to pieces, thinking he was succumbing to her charms.

"That was another Davariel, not the one I have before me now."

"I don't deserve your kindness. I'm a monster."

"No you're not."

"I didn't tell you the condom broke."

She began to laugh, her gaze turning to look with adoration in the direction of the bassinette. "I'm glad you didn't."

"Would you have stopped our coupling if I had?"

Her stunning blue eyes blazed into his. "Did it look like I would've been able to demand you pull out?"

He remembered her cries if ecstasy when he'd taken her that first time, and began to ache between his thighs.

"Luci," he sighed with longing.

The bowl of stew disappeared. She used her hands to nudge apart his drawn knees and crawled up against him, between his legs. He settled himself into a semi reclining position wrapping his hands around her small waist. She was clothed in enticing garb that consisted of a clingy pair of low riding shorts and a tunic held up by thin straps, her midriff exposed. Her breasts were larger now and she had faint pink marks on her hips, he guessed, from her skin accommodating his sons within her body. She was beautiful, the mother of his sons.

She began kissing him, her tongue sweeping into his mouth with urgency. His hands slid into her beguiling little stretchy shorts and cupped her pretty rump. He wanted her, badly, but guessed he wouldn't be able to have her yet because she'd just given birth to his babies. Her body probably hadn't healed yet.

"I self-healed, Davariel. I-I..." She raised her head to look into his eyes. "I need you."

Again, she kissed him making him shudder. Her fingers caressed his hair, stroked his cheeks, and squeezed his shoulders. He rocked her against him, moving his hips under her as his desire spiraled feverishly. Another small shudder went through him, making him moan against her lips.

"Oh, God, Davariel." Her teeth caught his lower lip. He felt it all the way down to his aching erection. "I know I shouldn't be doing this to you yet, baby. You really need to rest for at least a day."

She made to pull away, but he kept her trapped against him with the sheer force of his hands wrapped around her waist.

"No," he implored her. "I need you too. This will give me strength, Luciel. Love me, please!"

Her luscious mouth ravaged his as he felt her hands brushing his long hair behind his shoulders. She nipped and licked at his lips before reaching around to his left ear, tracing it with the tip of her tongue, giving him goose bumps. When she thrust her naughty tongue into the shell of his ear and tweaked his nipples hard, he sucked in a ragged breath between his teeth and writhed beneath her. He moaned, rocking against her in rising desperation. She reached down and scraped her nails along his length. He almost shouted, but managed to clench his teeth on a strangled groan. Fuck! If he didn't control himself, he'd scare the twins.
