 Luciel woke with a start.

He was gone!

She let out her power to locate his life force and sighed with relief when she realized he was close, only to tense up again sensing he was in severe pain. Snarling a vicious curse, she teleported to where he was.

There was an empty aircraft hangar in the were-tigri compound that had been converted into a high-tech training hall. She'd taken to honing her fighting skills there every morning.

In the very center of the training area, Davariel lay bleeding and broken once more amidst a circle of reapers.

"What the hell are you all doing?" Her shriek of rage echoed throughout the large training hall as she rushed to Dava's side.

The reapers sprang away from her approach.

"He said he needed to practice sparring," one of them answered in a small, timid voice.

She knelt down and flicked away the bloodied hair that covered Davariel's face. He was a mess. Blood oozed from his nose, half of his face was black and blue, and his arms looked deformed—most likely broken. "I should just leave you this way to teach you a lesson. You're barely ready for sex, Davariel, much less sparring."

"I need to be ready." He closed his eyes in apparent agony.

"Well then let your body heal completely, you moron!" She raked her fingers through her hair, growling in frustration as she tallied all the scans he'd need now to repair all the new damage.

One of the reapers leaned over to another and asked, "What is moron?"

The other just shrugged with a perplexed expression on his face.

Luciel scowled at them. "Why the hell don't you idiots use the holographic weapons in here?" Surely they'll understand idiot. She barked out a series of numbers and codes and a bright sword appeared before each one of the reapers. Black wings ruffled and silver-grey eyes looked at her in surprise. "Go on. Take them. You'll find they feel real enough." She also grasped one, testing its weight.

******

Davariel felt embarrassed that she'd discovered him beaten and defeated, but wondered why she didn't heal him and let him participate in the sparring now. "What about me?"

Luciel's eyes flashed to him with an angry snarl. They had the same cold predatory look she had when he'd first engaged her in battle in the Edenian Science building. It came as no surprise to him when she swung her blade and sent it through his throat. Still, he couldn't help but stare up at her with wide eyes. Had his arms not been broken in several places, he would have touched his neck to see if his head was still attached to it. Luciel grinned triumphantly at him. Heaven help him, he loved her.

"You can virtually fight for real without actually killing anyone." She said withdrawing her virtual-blade.

Luciel's lithe form turned toward the six black-winged death angels, then crouched down into a ready stance as she beckoned them to advance.

The reapers smiled and approached, spreading out around her, their wings opening up.

"No. Don't use your wings. You'll kill her," Davariel snarled.

"Shut up, Blondie," Luciel spat, her eyes never leaving the targets circling her. "Alright, you bunch of feathered sissies. Let's see what you've got."

He watched, terrified, as Abdiel approached her. The golden haired reaper was still a chickling, only fifteen sun orbits. Baby-down covering his wings, but he'd been the one that had slapped Davariel clear up to the ceiling of the training hall with his wing. Had it not been for Eriel, who'd intercepted his fall, he'd have been nothing more than a bloody smear on the cement floor right now.

Abdiel swiped at her with his wing, making Davariel cringe, but, to his relief, Luciel spun agilely over the moving wing, her arm spinning in a complete circle. The virtual blade flashed, apparently severing the wing completely off. Abdiel cried out in surprise when his wing drooped limply behind him. Luciel took advantage of his shock and sliced the blade through his neck, beheading him. He fell to his knees, stunned, before toppling back, his eyes round.

"Game over for you, kiddo. Now who the hell's next?"

Abdiel began to wail. "I can't feel my wing. I can't move my body."

The other reapers looked dubious.

"Oh, don't be such a baby," Luciel chastised. "The numbness will wear off in a few minutes." She turned up her nose at the others. "So, that's it? You bunch of morons give?" When they looked blankly at her, she rolled her eyes. "Do you surrender?"

They all tensed and scowled, finally understanding.

"Reapers surrender only to death or lust," Eriel hissed.

They attacked and were wiped out with the same ease as Abdiel.

Davariel watched, memorizing every move.

*******

Davariel felt livid. Luciel had healed him, but kept him in a semi-conscious stupor believing he needed rest. He learned how to communicate with her telepathically and constantly begged and argued with her to let him awaken fully. The headstrong woman wouldn't listen to him. He wanted to scream in frustration, but his present state wouldn't even allow for that simple release of anger.

He began to refuse her attempts at feeding him, clamping his teeth tight so she couldn't get the spoon of broth into his mouth.

Release me—he demanded into her mind.

"Not yet, sweetheart. When you're a little stronger. Now, open wide."

She spoke to him in the same tone the high priestesses used when he was a child. It only incited his anger more. How dare she control him this way!

He could feel her fingers trying to make him open his jaw. Davariel clenched his teeth tighter as he searched his brain for scathing Edenian phrases.

"Dava, open up," she insisted.

Bite me!

Her fury was palpable. He could sense her struggling not to dump the broth on his head. It made him want to laugh and goad her some more. He'd stick out his tongue at her, but knew she'd seize the opportunity to shove the damn spoon into his mouth.

"Dava, you're acting like a spoiled child."

He'd heard that plenty of times before. Summoning every ounce of strength he possessed, he lifted his hand and stuck out his middle finger. He knew it was a very offensive gesture for most Edenians.

He heard Luciel snarl in indignation, could feel her fury, but it didn't last very long. He smiled anyway, then sputtered when she slipped the spoon full of broth past his lips. The little wench! Davariel pursed his lips and blew, making the broth spurt out all over himself and her.

This time she almost broke the bowl when she slammed it onto the nightstand by the bed. She was really enraged now. He turned his head away from her fearing she'd whack him.

A few seconds passed and nothing happened.

The bed dipped and he felt her straddle him. What was she up to now? He turned his head and tried to focus on her. The image kept fading in and out, but he was almost sure he saw her removing her t-shirt. Her fingertips stroked down his torso. There was no mistaking that. They dipped beneath the waistband of his loose drawstring pants. He blinked trying to bring into focus the two pretty breasts that bobbed over his face, when he suddenly felt her delicate fingers slip between his legs to cup him.

Fuck! He groaned in response to her teasing. She knew how addicted he was to sex and teasing him when he couldn't respond they way he wanted to was beyond cruel.

Luci, what are you doing? Let me awaken fully. I'll do whatever you want, just let me fuck you properly.

He knew he had no shame begging that way, but he loved sex. Not just any sex, but sex with his love, his heart, the mistress of his soul! He'd lie on his back for a month and swallow down whatever she wanted as long as she sat on his loins. He'd turn over and pound her into the mattress, too. That would be nice.

Davariel felt himself going insane with lust, but her only response was to rub an enticingly erect nipple over his lips. The dark hazy mist that pulled at his mind grow stronger. No! He didn't want to lose consciousness now! Sweetness filled his mouth and he felt the strongest urge to suck and swallow.

*******

He lost all sense of time. Within the endless black that imprisoned him, he felt the ghostly dance of her fingers stroking him, the warmth of her breast teasing his lips, the sensation of ambrosia filling his mouth, feeding the increasing ache that built within him...to have her.

The blackness ebbed and his body felt light, almost weightless. It would have been soothing except that his balls felt like they were filled with lead and his cock actually hurt.

Davariel blinked his eyes open, then doubled over as the painful sensation between his legs finally hit full force.

"Fuck! What have you been doing to me?" he wailed through clenched teeth, cupping his stiff penis and petrified balls.

One look at Luci revealed her nibbling her lower lip with a guilty expression on her face. They were both in the sunken tub of their bathroom.

"It was the only way I could get you to feed. I didn't know that you'd stay...."

Feed? What in Hades was she talking about?

"Does it hurt very much?"

As she spoke he noticed a pearly drop of milk clinging to one pert nipple. Feed.

His dick still hurt, but he felt so enraged he ignored it. "You breast fed me?"

She flinched. It was no wonder. He could still hear the echo of his roar in the room.

"You wouldn't eat..."

"You had no right keeping me unconscious!"

She glared at him. "Stop screaming."

To that he replied by slapping his hands on the edges of the tub, and roaring like a beast inches from her face.

Her icy blue eyes flashed as she bared her teeth at him. "You spoiled ungrateful brat!" She sloshed around in the tub turning to leave as a slew of expletives poured forth from her.

Davariel wrapped his power around her and yanked her back to him. She fell back on her ass, legs spread wide around his thighs. She stared up at him in shock, her pretty, plump lips forming the perfect O for him to shove his cock into.

"Your pussy or your mouth," he snarled tangling his fingers into the wet hair at the back of her head. "And hurry the fuck up before I decide on your ass just to teach you a lesson on who's got the balls here!"

He knew that was a bit much, but he was pissed and horny; bad combination for Davariel of Angelos, reaper, death angel, ex-dark prince.

Apparently, none of those lofty titles had any bearing on the gorgeous Edenian female before him. He forgot who and what he was dealing with—a Master Guardian. She wasn't just any Master Guardian either, but ranked an archangel.

The tingling in his free hand should have warned him, but it all happened very quickly. She used her own powers to slap his hand with much brutality upon his poor throbbing dick, screaming at him "go fuck yourself!"

Stars shot out before his eyes as he yelped in pain. "Bitch!"

Through the black haze of pain that threatened to engulf him he heard a sound. Blinking, he lifted his head and felt his heart break. Luci was crying.

"My love..." he began, his voice coming out strained, but she vanished from sight. Teleportation. She didn't go far, though. He sensed her presence in their bedroom. He took a deep breath unable to avoid the loud moan that erupted from his throat. His cock was still throbbing.

"Luci, please."

If he didn't regain composure she'd teleport somewhere he wouldn't be able to reach her. What if she left him? He couldn't live without her! The thought made him want to sob. In desperation, he crawled out of the tub. Lucky for him it was sunken. There was no way he would have managed to lift his leg. Just crawling up the short steps was agony alone, but he endured it. Luci couldn't leave him. If he had to go on living he needed her.

*******

After everything she'd done so he could grow strong and healthy again; she'd bathed him, combed his outrageously long hair, fed him like baby from her own breasts, tolerated his obnoxious belligerence—and for what?

He'd treated her no better than a whore, then called her bitch. Another sob hitched in her throat as she hurriedly yanked on a t-shirt.

"Luci, please," he begged from the bathroom.

She steeled herself against the seductive pull of his cambion voice; that sweet voice he used to manipulate all to his whims. Her mind listed every crude cuss word she could mentally throw at him.

A firm pair of hands on her shoulders made her freeze. She could hear him breathing behind her. Was he still in pain?

"I'm sorry." He sounded as if he were trying to hold back tears.

She melted. She was human after all, but didn't turn to face him.

"I'm so terrified of losing you and the boys." The soft masculine voice wove its magic, making her close her eyes trying to resist its hypnotic pull. "Please try to understand me."

She felt his breath against her hair seconds before he buried his nose in it and inhaled deeply. She shuddered.

Closing her eyes, she struggled to retain her common sense. "What does that have to do with you trying to kill yourself?"

"I wasn't trying to kill myself, Luci. I needed to practice my sparring skills. I no longer have wings. I've completely lost my abilities to fight. Even my powers as a reaper have become limited and are quickly fading. Soon I'll be just as helpless and hapless as a newborn Edenian."

"Why do you need to relearn to fight, Davariel?" She finally turned to face him and didn't like what she saw in his eyes.

"They want our sons, Luci. We're no longer important to them. It's the twins they want now."

"They won't find us. By the time they do, the boys will be too big for them to brainwash." She stared up at his face and saw something else there. Horror gripped her and she began shaking her head. "No! Davariel, no!"

"I must, Luci! The rift can't remain open like it is. I cracked it open; it's my responsibility to reclose it."

"No! No way! You'll be killed!"

"It can't stay open, Luci."

"Well you can't go alone!"

At that, he scowled darkly. "You will not go with me."

What an insufferable blockhead! She bared her teeth in anger and he actually took a step back. "If I don't go, you don't go."

His golden brows drew together, but he managed to keep his voice soft when he said "if we both die what will become of our sons. Be reasonable."

Images flitted through her head, but she ignored them.

"We're not going to die. We just have to plan this out. We'll gather as many reapers as we can to guard you while you close the rift. If you go alone, you'll never get a chance to even try to close it."

Luciel watched the play of emotions drift over his heart wrenching features. He had goose bumps from being wet and she used her power to strip the excess moisture from him, leaving his hair gleaming and skin dry and glowing.

Even without wings, he was still exquisite, perfect. She led him to the bed and laid him back. For the longest moment, all she could do was stare at him.

"Am I still ugly to you," he asked?

She could see the vulnerability in his vibrant electric-blue eyes. It touched her deep into her soul. "You never were."

He closed his eyes in an expression of relief. "I love you, Luci. Don't ever forget that."

"Don't ever let me forget, Davariel."