 Not willing to remain at the castle resort any longer than necessary, Luciel purchased an immense glass and steel dwelling on a hilltop overlooking one of Sjoria's tropical oceans.

They used a hover cruiser and traveled miles from civilization to reach the secluded home.

The hover cruiser flew through dense rain forests, splotched with colorful foliage. She saw through the windows of the craft a few exotic birds with strange bright plumage fluttering in the trees. They went over rolling hills, within the glass transportation tube, and past rocky cliffs that had lush waterfalls. It was paradise.

Too bad Davariel wasn't conscious to enjoy the view with her.

It worried her that he slept against her shoulder the whole way. All he did was sleep, eat at her insistence, and make love to her... and that he would do for hours on end, leaving her barely conscious.

Maybe that was it. They were screwing each other to death! She barely had any strength herself, between feeding the voracious twins and satisfying their father's insatiable sexual appetite. It was a miracle she wasn't comatose.

Then, there were the bizarre dreams. Now he was fucking her there too. Sneaky cambion.

These dreams were beyond bizarre; beyond erotic...they were insane!

Her thoughts became lost as she recalled the bizarre one she'd had the previous night. She closed her eyes and clamped her thighs tight, the erotic visions replaying themselves in her mind, making her heart race.

Davariel's teeth nipping her earlobe startled her out of her daydream.

"Are you having naughty thoughts about me, pretty girl?" Those electric-blue eyes had her drowning in their intensity.

"Reading my mind again, huh," she smirked.

He closed his eyes again, his nostrils flared. "No, my love. I can smell how wet you are."

"Aw, have mercy already! Do you two ever take a break," Remuel moaned, adjusting his crotch. "I implore you not to start fucking again in front of me. Not fair!"

Luciel felt her cheeks burn, remembering the episode on the balcony in their room. Davariel had power bound Remuel in the lounge next to them as he seduced Luciel before the red haired shape-shifter. She still couldn't believe she'd let Dava take her in front of Remuel.

Davariel's chuckle was mischievous, holding Remuel's glittering green gaze as his hand snaked between Luci's legs.

"Dava, no!" She clamped her thighs shut. She still wasn't used to such public displays of intimacy.

Aside from Remuel, Zakreel sat wide eyed before them next to Eriel, who had a wicked smile on his countenance. Behind them, she heard the rest of the outcast reapers snickering.

She realized all reapers were perverted, especially her Dava. Their imposed celibacy had probably been a necessity in ancient times to keep them from fucking the entire universe. Most of them were bi-sexual, not caring who they slept with. Like Eriel, who loved to entice Davariel when he thought she wasn't looking, then would turn around to blatantly flirt with her.

At the front of the cruiser were the were-tigris and in the rear were the were-wolves. Drakken had spent the night with a female and would be arriving later in the evening. His skin was sensitive to sunlight.

They arrived at the sparkling masterpiece of glass and metal, but as soon as the doors to the cruiser opened, the dragons, reapers and Davariel ran out shouting in joy at the sight of the beautiful ocean. Clothing began flying everywhere as nine males divested themselves of their garb and raced to the edge of the water down the steep hill.

The reapers took flight and arrived first, diving into the rough surf, followed by Remuel and Zakreel who morphed into dragon form and soared into the surging water. Davariel lagged behind, running on his two long legs, the bright sunlight turning his gleaming hair almost white. Eriel circled back when he remembered Davariel couldn't fly, then swooped him up by his arms.

Luciel watched in horror, as Eriel flew straight into an enormous wave. She heard the smack of Davariel's body as Eriel slammed him into the wall of water. They both disappeared within the surging tide.

Cursing, she concentrated on their life forces and teleported them back to her.

Davariel floundered at her feet, unharmed but disorientated.

"Luci?"

She pulled him up, yanking him away from Eriel, who still clung to him, and tried to sense if he was hurt. He looked at her askance, dripping wet.

"Why'd you pull us out?" Eriel protested.

"You little shithead!" She rounded on Eriel, furious. "I was only trying to pull Dava out. If you wouldn't have been so busy try to weasel your way into his ass, you'd still be in the water."

The dark haired reaper flinched and instinctively hid his erect cock in guilt, his eyes round with fear.

*******

Davariel gripped her shoulders before she ripped Eriel's head off.

"Don't you ever do that again," she shrieked, shaking.

Behind her, Davariel gaped at Eriel. He covered his mouth to stifle the overwhelming urge to burst out laughing. She'd slapped the hell out of him the last time he laughed in the face of her anger. He was not getting himself—what was that Edenian phrase again? Oh, yes—'bitch slapped' again!

"Oh, come-on!" Eriel stood, his dark brows drawing over his grey eyes.

Davariel gasped in shock at Eriel. If the reaper had any sense he should shut up. Dava tried to signal for him to zip his maw, but the moron just continued to yap away.

"You treat him as though he were made of glass. Boo-hoo! Poor little Davariel—yeeeooow!"

Davariel cringed as his woman grabbed one of Eriel's nipples and twisted, bringing the seven-foot black winged reaper to his knees.

"Listen, you little scuz-ball, I've got better things to do than spend my time repairing all the damage you black winged morons like to inflict on Dava out of boredom. Also, I really don't appreciate you trying to screw my man. Do you understand me, Eriel of Angelos?"

"Yes-yes! Please! You're hurting my little teet!" He cried like a girl.

She let his nipple go, leaving it drawn and pink. He rubbed at it, shrinking away from her with a pout.

"The next time, I will telepathically rip every last feather from your pretty wings."

Eriel's color drained away. Davariel knew Eriel was already familiar with the horrors of that particular punishment. It had been his penalty after losing his virginity in a drunken stupor to a visiting alien on Seraphia. He'd told Dava he couldn't help himself. The blue girl had four breasts and made him lose his common sense.

"My love, Eriel didn't mean me any harm. Don't get so riled," Davariel intervened, hugging her.

In order to distract her, he pulled her away toward the house. Stone steps led up the hill, where they passed a sparkling pool, then a garden full of bright fragrant blooms. They entered through the wide double doors at the rear of the mansion. The were-wolf pack and the were-tigri clan also followed, keeping a discreet distance from each other.

They didn't get along very well. The wolves would growl at the cats who would hiss in answer.

Davariel watched them as they separated once inside to investigate the various rooms in the mansion-sized dwelling. They were all in human form, and he thought it a shame they couldn't appreciate each other's beauty. They really were all very attractive.

"I don't like that bad-boy smile on your sweet face," Luciel commented next to him. "What naughty perversion are you planning now?"

"Me?" He tried to look shocked, but couldn't help laughing.

"You are such a naughty angel." She shook her head in admonishment, trying not to smile, but failing.

Those were the words she'd spoken that morning, reminding him, he hadn't fucked her in a few hours. His cock demanded to be fed.

He gripped her with a lusty growl, pulling her protesting to the shiny grey floor. Her squeals echoed in the grand entryway, which boasted massive vaulted ceilings with big panes of glass, giving the impression of being outside.

He froze, after ripping off her skimpy panties.

"Davariel! What is wrong with you? We're going to be caught with our drawers down again! Dava?"

Something shiny caught his attention. He rose, pulling her up with him, her ruined panties in his free hand.

"Baby, what's wrong?"

"Is that a mirror?" He frowned.

They walked to the left, passing the glass doors in the parlor beyond the entryway. There was a wide corridor that led past an ultra-modern, food preparation gallery into a round, tower-like, glass breakfast area and finally into a vast gathering hall. Here, too, were ceiling to floor panes of glass that looked out to the ocean. There was a colossal fireplace on the facing wall when one entered. It had a mirror over its mantle that went up about sixty-feet to the vaulted ceiling. The mirror reflected the second and third levels of the house.

A mated couple from the wolf pack looked down, before continuing their exploration of their new home. They had a one-year-old daughter named Anniel, who loved touching the twins saying "pitty baby".

Davariel stared at the mammoth mirror, feeling apprehension. He didn't like mirrors knowing how easy it was for demons and devils to travel through them. He'd had the ones in their room back at the Edenian were-tigri compound removed for the same reason. This one was going too—as soon as possible.

"Baby?" Her fingers threaded through his wet hair.

He turned and wrapped her in his arms. "Don't mind me, my love. Have I told you that I love you today?"

"Only about a thousand times." He felt her smile into his chest. "I love you too, Davariel." He closed his eyes to revel in those words. "That love is only rivaled by the love I feel for Devon and Lucien."

He chuckled. "I don't mind sharing your heart with those two little gluttons—as long as they get their own mates when they're old enough to fuck."

"Dava!"

"Where were we, my love?" He growled as his hand lifted the loose colorful caftan she wore and grabbed her cute little ass. "Ah, yes... I was going to fuck you within an inch of your life."

She gasped in shock, trying to resist him. It only incited him further. It was a game they played. One he enjoyed immensely.

He pulled her hard against his chest as his hands squeezed her rear. She wiggled against him, feigning to struggle.

"Tell me, woman... your pussy or your mouth?" He nipped her neck, grinding his rigid length against her.

"No!" She opened her mouth to say more, but he shoved his tongue into it.

He kissed her, biting at her lips and thrusting his tongue into her mouth, forcing her to the floor with his superior strength. Breaking the kiss, he turned her over on her stomach. He licked his fingers and probed her.

"My love, let me have you here."

"With that twelve inch anti-matter canon? Are you out of mind?"

He chuckled at her strange way of speaking. "It won't hurt, baby. I promise."

"Yeah, right."

She obviously didn't believe him. Smart girl. "Then I'll kiss it and make it better." He gripped her waist and began rubbing against her. She turned to stare. He could see the apprehension in her eyes. Davariel knew he could give her pleasure, but she was too frightened to let him. He was just going to have to show her there was nothing to fear.

*******

Davariel awakened amidst a sea of limbs and naked bodies. He felt dizzy, as if he'd had too much to drink. What the hell happened? Everyone around him was unconscious...including Luciel. He struggled to sit up, holding her so that she didn't fall to the floor. She was lying on his chest. Remuel was lying with his head on her stomach. Snippets of memory came to him, until he finally remembered....

His heart beat loudly as he hugged Luciel to himself. I did this.

He remembered the words from the entity that held him in the dream...I'm a succubus. You, my son, are a cambion.

"I'm a monster."

Fear curled in the pit of his stomach. He'd been making love to Luci and then he'd just...lost all control. He noticed tigers and wolves laying over each other. Even the reapers were unconscious. Everyone was going to be extremely angry with him.

Crying drew his attention. He scrambled to his feet, scooping Luciel's sleeping form in his arms and hurried to find his sons.

He found them alone in their nursery.

Luciel had this room prepared for the arrival of the twins. Plush cream carpeting covered the entire floor. There was only one solid wall and it had the holographic image of realistic moving billowy clouds on it. The rest of the walls were glass. The room had cream-colored drapes that were slightly open allowing a bit of the bright sun into the room. Hundreds of toys lined low shelves and in the very center of the room were two round cribs made of brushed silver steel and glass.

Devon and Lucien fussed, their little arms and legs flailing. Already, he noticed Devon trying to turn over. Lucien had part of a pillow stuffed into his mouth as he tried in vain to suck thinking it was his mommy's breast. His blond son was getting red-faced and riled.

Davariel placed Luciel on a plush couch, then rushed to his baby boys.

He took Lucien first, because the baby was more demanding than Devon, and hurried to Luciel. Half way there he gasped in shock when little Luke latched onto his nipple.

"Ow! Sorry to tell you this, little one, but there's no milk in there. Wow! You suck hard!"

Lucien's piercing cry rang throughout the room when his vigorous sucking produced no satisfying milk.

"Don't cry, my baby boy. Here...here's mommy's teet for you."

Davariel placed Lucien at Luciel's breast, hoping she didn't have to be conscious for the milk to flow. Sniffling loudly, the baby latched on. He suckled for a few seconds, but had worked himself into such an anxious state he continued to cry without consolation.

Davariel kissed his downy head and stroked his quivering little body trying to soothe him. In a soft lulling voice, he began to sing a lullaby he'd heard the dragons sing to them.

Lucien calmed down and nursed with a tremulous sigh.

Davariel turned to look at Devon, knowing that he should be nursing too. The baby had managed to turn over and bobbed his head trying to keep it raised. The glowing blue eyes seemed to be searching for something. Was he looking for his twin? His rosy lips began to pout as he sniffled. Soon Devon was crying heartbroken.

Davariel's own heart twisted in agony. They would suffer if separated. If anything were to happen to Luciel and him...they could not remain together until they were older. It was the only way they would be safe.

Bowing his head, he cursed himself. He'd brought two innocents into this realm carrying his cursed blood. Now they would suffer because of it...because of their father.

What have I done?