 Trees rushed past Calene as she ran through the forest. The elf was not running from anyone, or even to anywhere, she was just running. The wind kicked up her hair, making it dance inthe wind, and she spun around and dodged branches with a grace only an elf could muster. She let out a yell of exhilaration as she leapt into the air, launching off of a log, over a large stream. The woman hadn't a care in the world, she had just finished her training into being a warrior, and all she had to do now was make her own bow. 

The woman wanted to use some exotic wood for the spine of her bow, so she had a satchel with her that held a little food, and a dagger in her belt for hunting. In her bag was also the finest bowstring in her village, awarded to her for completing her training at the top of her class. Caleneslowed to a stop as she came to a river, kneeling down and taking a sip of it's cold, refreshing water. the elf splashed a little in her face before standing and wading through the water to get to the other side before braking out into a run again.

It was almost an hour before the elf came to a stop again, noticing a steep-sloped pit in the middle of the forest. she took a few steps toward it before realizing that the edges could be brittle, and climbing a nearby tree; a branch hanging over the pit. The elvish woman tested the branch before stepping out onto it and looked down into the pit; a brilliant blue substance at the bottom. "It can't be..." She whispered to herself. She had heard legends of the Melma Vivente, but she had never thought it was true. She suspected it was just told by the elders in her village to keep the young ones from straying to far. The elf rummaged through her bag and took out a small apple and dropped it down into the pit; the vibrant red of the fruit making it easy to see. 

The apple hit the gel with a bloop being swallowed up without so much as a splash, simply disappearing. "Huh..." Calene muttered, turning to get off of her branch and climb down. The woman's satchel caught on a twig as she turned. "Oh, shit." She thought, the snag making her lose her balance. The elf fell down, towards the pit and, at the last second, grabbed a branch. "Oh thank the gods" she whispered, beginning to pull herself up when she heard a crack. "Fuck!" she shouted, the branch breaking as she fell fifteen feet into the pit. The gel slowed her fall, and thankfully it was not very deep, allowing her to stand up and wipe her face clean. "Eugh." she muttered, the slime only up to her knees, but it left her completely covered.

Calene waded to the edge of the pit as quickly as she could, remembering the stories of the gel that would take women captive and feed off of them. The stories never specified how they fed, simply saying 'their juices' but the elf did not want to find out. The elf took a step and, without warning, the smooth stone bottom of the pit became extra slippery, causing her to fall into the blue slime again. "Fuck!" she said as she sat up feeling something grab her foot and drag her to the middle of the hole. "Let go! Please!" she pleaded.

Her shouts were of no use, the gel forming into tendrils around her. "No! Please! I can't feed you!" she said, trying to wrench her foot away from its captor, fear beginning to flopw through the woman's veins as she quickly realized that the elder's stories were more than just tall tales, but true warnings of the forests' dangers . There was no response as the gel moved to her, the tentacles ripping at her clothing, soon leaving her naked in the warm slime. "Hey! what are you- Oh!" She said, feeling the gel begin to rub against her cunt. "Stop that! Please!" she said, struggling against the thick gel that held her. The more she struggled, the tighter the tendrils gripped her. Soon, Calene felt herself being lifted up into the air a little, her naturally hairless cunt free to the open air. "Please! Let me go!" She shouted, the rubbery grip of the tentacles seemed to ignore her pleas, a large mound of the goo rubbing against her most private place, causing the elf to let out a reluctant moan, involuntarily rubbing back against the gel. "Stop it! Please!" she gasped, the mound of gel suddenly collapsing without a trace, leaving her slightly suspended in by the tendrils. The woman whimpered in fear as she noticed her pussy was wet, though by the residue of the gel or her own enjoyment was impossible to tell; but it was enough for the blue liquid to get started.

"Ahhh!" she yelped, a thin tentacle, which seemed to get thicker as it went towards the large pool, began to approach her before it rubbed at her clit. Calene bit her lip at the touches, holding out a moan as she could feel the blue goo touching her in just the right spots. The gel sensed this and the tendril touying with her clit moved down and began to rub against her pussy. "No! nonono!" the elf repeated. Rubbing against a mound of the stuff, or being pleased by one of the tendrils was one thing, but to actually have the strange substance inside of her!?

The gel paused, gently rubbing her tight hole before pushing inside. The elf was not a virgin, however the only men she had taken to her bed were elves, and this... thing was far larger, causing the woman to wince. "Ohh... Stop it! Please! Let me go!" she pleaded to non-existent ears.

The slime pushed in and out of her cunt, the texture was like nothing she had ever felt before. It had the thickness of mud, but seemed to glide into her as though it were lubricated and had the strength of rubber. The woman was quickly torn from her thoughts as the gel slowly gained speed and size, rubbing at every little spot inside of her, filling every little nook and cranny. "Ohhh...." she groaned, reflexively rolling her hips against the gel's tendril with a moan, her tight slit beginning to ooze her juices which began to be absorbed by her captor. The elf began to moan, no longer able to hold the sound back, as another tendril moved in front of her face. Almost as soon as Calene noticed it, the tendril moved and pressed against her lips. "MMPH!" She shouted as the tentacle pushed inside.

The tendril in her mouth began to drip a watery substance, one that caused Calene to groan at its taste, her body heating up as the gel drugged her, making her more pliant so that it could feed from her more efficiently. She began to more actively rub against the tendril in her cunt, the living gel's secretions causing her to go into a frenzy. "Ohhh..." she moaned, slowly being lowered into the gel; she could no longer see the tendrils holding her, but she could feel the slime wrapped tightly around her. The woman let out a sharp gasp as she felt a third tendril pressing against her ass, the tight ring of muscles clenching at the touch. "mmph!" she moaned around the tendril in her mouth. She had never had anyone back there! 

Even without her permission, the appendage pressed against the warrior's ass, spreading her virgin ring of muscles, causing the elf to let out a scream, her virgin ass spread open as the slime moved in and out of all three of her holes, slowly widening them, stretching out her cunt and ass as the tendril in her mouth pushed down into her throat. Calene's cunt was dripping with her fluids which were gobbled up by the creature. "Mmm.. Oh,,, more..." she moaned around the tentacle in her mouth in her sex-addled haze, drinking liberally from the the tendril as she was penetrated in all of her holes; the slime gripping her body so, no matter how hard it fucked her, she would stay still. Calene felt like a whore, all three of her holes being fucked by the slime, stratched open and used for it's pleasure all while it absorbed every drop of her cunt's juices as quickl;y as she could make it. Every time the tendril in her cunt forced its way inside, the one in her recently virgin ass would pull away almost completely; leaving her with the constant feeling of being filled as the tendril in her mouth continued to drug her with the watery fluid, which simply caused her body to tingle with more and more pleasure. The tingling feeling soon became a sort of pressure as she grew closer and closer to climax. "Ohhh..." she groaned. None of the elves in the village had made her feel like this. "Ohhh" she moaned around the tentacle in her mouth even louder as she suddenly felt her cunt clamp down on the large intruder, her entire body shaking as it came. And came, and came; her plethora of juices flowing from her pussy, feeding the gel more with each passing second. 

In response to her feeding the creature, she could feel the tentacles begin to throb in unison. "Mmm..." she moaned, riding out the last waves of her orgasm until she suddenly felt a warm, sticky, liquid fill her mouth, cunt, and ass. "MMPH!" she groaned, swallowing the stuff down as quickly as possible. It felt like she was drowning! The liquid dribbled from her mouth, a darker blue than the rest of the gel, and disappeared into the pool as the woman began to feel full on the meal that was the goo's seed. "Mmm..." she moaned, the taste pleasing her as she swallowed every last drop before, without warning, the tendrils collapsed and she was free. The creature's grip released from her body, making her feel empty and alone, covered from head to toe as she struggled to leave through the thick slime. The woman began her climb, but found the edges far too slippery to get out; coated with the same blue gel that covered her. After about ten minutes of trying, Calene felt a familiar tug on her leg. "Oh..." she said. "You're not done, are you?" she continued with a moan, allowing the tendril to pull her back to the middle of the pool.