 Sarah felt the brush of fingertips against her forehead, cool and soothing, just before she opened her eyes. Leaf green eyes stared back into her dark blue ones. She saw creases form at the edge of the eyes then her gaze refocused to include the rest of his face as he drew back a little, smiling down at her. 

"Ah, at last she awakes. Welcome back to the land of the living, oh visitor to our realm. It is many a day since a human has graced this kingdom with a visit." 

Sarah stared up at the gorgeous male sitting beside her bed, regarding her warmly. Try as she might, she could not make sense of what he said or what she saw. This man looked like elves were described in books she'd read. Good Lord! His ears were even pointed, peaking out from the thick straight silver strands of hair that swept back from his high forehead and flowed down over his shoulders. 

"What? Where am I?"

"You are in the realm of Faerie, in the kingdom of Nayum, and I am Nayum, at your service. What is your name?"

"My name is Sarah. How... how did I get here?"

A frown creased Nayum's brow. "Unfortunately, that I cannot tell you. You were found in a forest not far from the castle by my hunting party. We took you up and brought you here for healing. You have slept for two days straight. I had a party go back and search, but no sign was found of how you came to be here."

Nayum looked sheepish. "Forgive me for asking but... you are human, are you not?"

"Yes," Sarah replied.

"Ah, I thought so, but it has been so long since there was discourse between our worlds that many have begun to doubt that humans truly exist."

Sarah started to smile at the thought of humans being no more than a legend but winced instead. Her head still hurt abominably.

Nayum set a cool soothing hand over her forehead and the pain receded a little. 

"We did not dare do much in the way of healing since we knew not what would be beneficial or detrimental to your kind." 

"Well, I feel pretty much alright." She started to sit up but Nayum quickly put his hands on her shoulders. 

"I do not think that would be wise." 

The door opened and a feminine version of Nayum peeked into the room. "How is she doing?"

Nayum turned. "Ahhh, Lirael, come in. Come meet Sarah. She will be staying with us for a while."

The pretty Elven maid walked in and Sarah saw she wore clothes much like her brothers; trousers and tunic in forest colors. Her hair was the same long silver and her eyes the same green but there was something more carefree about her face.

"Welcome, Sarah! We are so glad to have you with us! I just know it is going to be fascinating getting to know about your world."

Nayum smiled at the two women. He knew he could leave Sarah in good hands with his sister, others might be suspicious of a human but Lirael would take care of her, in any way necessary. He frowned. He really needed to put more time in practicing with the knife fighting at close quarters. Lirael was far better than he.

"I am afraid I should deal with some matters of state. I will leave you two ladies to get acquainted." He bowed slightly to each of the women and smiled warmly at Sarah. "I will come back later to check on you, Sarah."

As soon as he had left, Sarah attempted to sit up again. Smiling indulgently, Lirael helped her. "I will not stay long, you need your rest to recover. Whatever happened, you took a nasty bump to the head."

Sarah took a deep breath and leaned back against the pillows. She was just beginning to piece everything that had just been said into a cohesive narrative. "So, Nayum said this was his kingdom so that means he's the..."

Lirael nodded. "My brother is the king, and a good one too. Fair and kind but he does not back down when pressed for something unreasonable."

Sarah looked around a little apprehensively at the stone walls around her. "So, is this a castle?"

Lirael nodded but noted her companions odd look. "Have you never been in one before?"

"No, people don't really live in castles where I'm from. The people with a lot of money live in big houses that might seem a little bit like a castle, but no one has built a castle, that I know of, in a very long time."

Lirael grinned. "How marvelous! This is just the kind of thing I want to know about. Tell me all about your world!"

