 (:Short chapter:) so forgive me, I promise it leads to some good reading and I'm submitting at least one more chapter right away.. 

Mac





"What's wrong?" Dornan finally asked. Kali hadn't really been tossing and turning, just more of a feeling on his part.

"I can't sleep," she finally said.

"We have to be up in," he checked the time "three fucking hours."

"I can't help it." She sat up and looked at him. "I have a bad feeling."

"Okay." He sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed and got up. "We'll go to the gym and burn off some energy."

"Geez, Sarge, I'm still sore from last night's session."

"Okay." He plopped back down on the bed and covered himself back up. "I'm going back to bed."

"Dornan." She poked him in the shoulder.

"That's the first time you've said my name Kali."

"Same goes."

He grabbed her shoulders, pulled her down and rolled her under him. He looked down at her for a long moment and then started kissing her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and started kissing him back.

Her skin was soft and he ran one of his large hands up her leg, stopping at the hem of her shirt. He reached under the hem and ran his hand over her quivering stomach.

"This," he said pulling back,"really shouldn't be happening right now."

"Your hard-on pressing into my leg says otherwise." She glared at him. "And you've got me really worked up already. If you back off now, I'm going to get my gun and shoot you."

"Ah, Kali," he groaned and started kissing her neck. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

"Shut up and put out Sarge."

"I like it when you talk dirty." 

He pulled her up and yanked off her shirt. She felt the urge to be shy and cover he small breast but she didn't. He looked down at them, his blue eyes turning dark. He leaned down, ran a tongue over a small pink nipple, and smiled as she shuddered.

There was a loud banging on the door to his quarters. They both stiffened and looked over at the door.

"If you're not the base commander then fuck off!" he yelled. He was pissed at being interrupted.

"Throw some cloths on and get the fuck out here!" Jason's voiced drifted through the door and he almost sounded panicked. 

Dornan and Kali had never dressed faster in their lives, but they both knew instinctively that something was really wrong. Kali was hopping on one foot, trying to get her other boot on when Dornan opened the door.

Jason strode in along with Ian and two of the communications officers.

"What's wrong?" Dornan asked Jason.

"Something's happened. We've lost all communication with Alpha Base."

"Did you boost the signal," Kali asked, looking at the comms officers. They were identical twins, by the names of Tracker and Hunter Paladin. They were both tribal, like her. And she knew full well that they were very good at their job.

"Full, strength," Tracker told her.

"And still nothing," Hunter said.

"The wind blew pretty hard last night."

"Nope," Tracker said. "Hunter's been up and checked all of our equipment."

"No damage to any of it," Hunter said. 

"Which means that the problem is with Alpha Base," she told Dornan and Jason.

"The twins already told me as much." Jason ran a hand through his hair. 

"What do you want to do?" Dornan asked Jason.

"I've told Quinn and Raul to get the Vertibirds ready. We need to go and find out what's wrong."

"I'm coming with you," Kali told Jason as she went to collect her armor.

"No, you're not," said Dornan a bit fiercely. "You'll go back to your quarters."

"We might need her scientific expertise," Jason told him.

"Fine," Dornan said through gritted teeth.

She and Dornan suited up in their power armor and met Jason and a small contingent of men at the vertibird hanger.

"I'm not going to lose you before we finish what we started," Dornan said as he buckled her into one of the vertibird seats.

Dornan took the seat next to Kali and his presence during the flight helped her keep her unease under control. They were all on edge, being out of contact with Alpha Base. If it was something to do with their communications, she would gladly help them patch things up.

As the vertibirds sat down, all of their worst fears were realized. Alpha Base was almost completely leveled. It looked like it had had a bomb dropped on it. Some of the outlying buildings were still standing though.

"Fan out and look for survivors," Jason ordered.

"I found the president's body," Jason told Dornan when they met up back at the Vertibirds.

"This was a whole sale slaughter," Dornan said shaking his head. "So far we haven't found any survivors and I don't think that we're likely too."

"Please tell me that you have something good to report," Jason said as Kali and the Paladins came back.

"We checked the outlying buildings. No survivors. No bodies." She shook her head sadly.

"Okay."

"Dornan, can you pilot a vertibird?" 

"Yes."

"So, can I. What about you Commander?"

"I have the training. Where are you going with this, Kali?"

"Hanger 2 has three vertibirds that survived." She pointed at the one hanger that was still standing.

"You can't salvage anymore?" Jason asked.

"No. I'm sorry. I can salvage parts probably."

"What about fuel?" Dornan asked. "We need to be able to get them back to Navarro."

"The fuel and munitions depot is over there." She pointed at the farthest building out. "It wasn't even really touched."

"Okay." Jason looked around at the devastation. He took a deep breath and let it out, thinking about the decisions he would have to make now, and in the near future.

"Kali?"

"Yes, Commander?"

"I want you to fly one of the vertibirds back and grab all the techs. Inform them of what's going on. I want all of you to salvage as much technology as you can."

"Yes, sir."

"Dornan, we'll go and bring all but a skeleton crew back. We need to salvage as many supplies as possible."

"Sir." 

Everyone headed out to start their assigned tasks.