 A week later, Dornan was lying on his bed, staring at the ceiling. The entire base had been so busy salvaging everything they could from Alpha Base that Dornan was sure that not a one of them had gotten more than two hours of sleep at a time. And now that everything had been moved and bodies buried, he still couldn't sleep. Not to mention he couldn't really pace because his quarters were full of containers.

"Hey," Kali said poking her head into Dornan's quarters. "Couldn't sleep?"

"No."

"Me either." She walked in all the way holding a blanket and pillow. "My lab and room are completely full of stuff. I can't find my bed. Can I sleep here?"

"Darlin, I'm still too keyed up, so if you get in this bed, you aren't going to be sleeping."

She dropped her things on a container, climbed onto the bed, and straddled Dornan's hips. She leaned down and kissed him with all the passion that was pent up inside of her. He took her face in his hands and kissed her back, promising himself that if anyone interrupted them, there would be another body to bury.

"You're wearing too many clothes, Doc."

She looked down and realized that he was only wearing his briefs and she was fully clothed. She rolled of the bed and kicked off her boots, which she hadn't bothered to tie. Her shirt and pants followed. She stood in front of the bed in her bra and panties, smiling at him with a crooked smile.

"I take it the rest is my job to take off?" Dornan got off the bed and came to stand in front of her. 

"Consider it a privilege, Sergeant Dornan Mackay."

"He took her hand in his, looking at her fingers. The differences in their sizes amazed him. Everything about her was so tiny. He pushed her hand down his body, placing it on his cock that was hanging out of his briefs.

"Are you sure you can handle me?" Dornan knew he was pretty big, but Kali was by no means a virgin and she wasn't intimidated by his size.

"I'll give it all I got, Sarge." She gave his cock a squeezed and smiled at his hiss.

He pulled off his briefs and made quick work of pulling off her bra and panties. He picked her up and dropped her on the bed and climbed on top of her, dwarfing her frame with his. 

He kissed his way down from her lips to her small breast and took a small hard nipple in his mouth. She made little moans as he sucked on it, and then gave a moan himself when she reached up and tweaked one of his nipples hard.

He ran his hand down to her pussy and dipped a finger inside. She was hot and dripping wet.

"Dornan, I'm dying here."

"God me too! We'll take more time on the next round." He positioned his cock at the entrance of her pussy and slowly pushed his way in.

Kali gave a hiss at the size of him but adjusted quickly and soon his cock was pumping in and out of her tight, hot, pussy. He held himself back until he felt her stiffen and call out his name. Her pussy milked his cock as he came inside of her.

"Definitely better than working out at the gym, Sargeant Dornan." Kali told Dornan as he rolled off of her.

"Duly noted, Doctor Taylor."

000

"Everyone here?" Jason asked. He'd called a meeting of the senior staff, two weeks after they finished the salvage at Alpha Base.

"Yes, sir." Ian nodded.

"Good. You all know Bob Dawson, our quartermaster."

"Go ahead Bob," Jason said when they all nodded.

"I've finished taking stock of what we have." He looked down at his clipboard. "We have plenty for now."

"For now?" asked Culuch Limlew, the senior Tech.

"All of our supplies have been flown in from Alpha Base from the first day of our stay at Navarro. Alpha Base is gone, so we no longer have a steady supply coming in."

"How long we got?" This from Quinn Brody, head of maintenance.

"It depends on how well we ration our supplies. A year at the most." Bob shrugged his shoulders, wishing he could give them better news when they all started talking at once.

"All right," Jason said motioning for everyone to settle down. "We've all heard the bad news. Any ideas?"

"We should move," Kali said, walking into the room with the Paladins following at her heels.

"Elaborate, please?" Jason waved them into the room.

"We've checked the enclave data base, and used our personal knowledge to put together a map of the region." Hunter spread a map out on the table.

"Your personal knowledge?" Quinn asked.

"If you hadn't figured it out by now, Kali and the Paladins are tribals." Jason said looking over the map.

The others in the room echoed the word as if it were a dirty word.

"If it hadn't been for the good Doctor, and the Paladins, we might be in more dire straits, than we are now." Dornan said to the others sternly. "We're going to need their knowledge of this region."

"Please proceed." Jason told them.

"We've made a map of all the outlying towns. We might want to think about relocating to one of them." Tracker said echoing Kali's earlier statement.

"San Francisco is pretty big, isn't it?" Asked Quinn.

"Yes, but not a good idea." Kali said shaking her head.

"Why not?" asked Jason.

"There is a Brotherhood of Steel outpost there."

"Steel Knights." Jason pursed his lips. "We could probably get by as long as we don't step on their toes."

"Nope."

"Why not?"

"Frank Horrigan."

"That big secret service bastard?"? Dornan asked.

"Yeah. He killed the last man guarding the outpost."

"Damn," Jason said quietly. "Okay. What about the New California Republic?"

"Not good either," Kali said and the Paladins backed her by nodding their head emphatically.

"Another Brotherhood base?" asked Dornan sarcastically.

"Yes." Kali ignored Dornan's tone. 

"And the New Califonia Rangers, are based there." Hunter said.

"And they really don't like slavers." Tracker put in and the whole room erupted in argument.

"Enough," Jason said putting up his hands for silence. "We've all turned a blind eye to some of the Enclave's more shocking practices. We're not going to go there now. Any other options?" 

"Vault City is not an option," Culuch put in. "I came from there. They're even bigger bigots than the enclave. No offense to anyone here."

"But we're civilized," said Bob.

"Even if they did accept us, something would happen. One of our men would get into it with the guards and the Commander would level the city trying to get him back." Culuch shook his head. "I left because it was a shitty place to live."

"What about New Reno?" Jason asked.

"No!" Dornan dropped a fist down on the table. "It's full of booze, drugs, hookers, and casinos. I would never see another good days work out of any of my soldiers again!"

They all stood around thinking about it for a few moments and then nodded their agreement.

"Klamath is small, mainly a trapper town. I don't think there would be room for all of us."

"What about the Den?" Quinn said pointing to the map.

"Nope." Hunter said.

"Steel Knights," Tracker said.

"God damn it." Jason pinched the bridge of his nose. 

"How about a vault?" Kali asked looking at the map.

"Which vault?" Jason asked.

"Vault 13 is currently unoccupied." She said pointing to a small spot on the map.

"Currently unoccupied?" Dornan asked suspiciously.

"Horrigan." Kali stated.

"Damn that man to hell," Quinn spat out. "So many lost opportunities because of him."

"Dornan, take Kali, Quinn, and a small contingent of men and go check out the vault. Make sure it's habitable." Jason looked the map over. "If we hear good news then we'll make a decision."

"What's this "we" stuff commander?" Bob asked out of the blue.

"We're not part of the enclave anymore. It's gone." Jason stated. "We're a tribe now. I'm the chief, and you're the elders."

"But ultimately the decision is up to you, right?" Bob asked uncertainly. He was an army man through and through, and had thought to be taking orders till he died.

"Yes." Jason told him. 

They all nodded, happy with the Commander's statements, and left the room. All of them accept Doran who lounged against the door frame.

"What?" Jason asked

"So we're tribals now?"

"Yes." Jason said bursting into laughter. "At least until you come back and tell us that it's okay to become vault dwellers."

"Pffftt."

"Well that's a fine noise to make at your chief," Jason said trying to get his laughter under control.

"We're going to head out at 0600, great chief."

"Take a vertibird."

"Not exactly inconspicuous." Dornan said warily.

"I know, but I want you to get there and get back. If the vault is a habitable place for us to live, I want to get moved there as soon as possible."

"You feel vulnerable here," Dornan said knowingly.

"Yeah." He leaned against a table. "No more back up from Alpha Base."

"Yeah." He saluted. "We'll head out in the morning. I'm assuming it will take a day or two for Kali and Quinn to go over the vault."

"I want constant radio contact."

"I should take one of the Paladins with me."

"Done." Jason gave Dornan a sly look. "So what's going on with you and Kali?"

"I'm teaching the good doctor how to be a soldier again." He winked at Jason and left the room.

"Dornan, looks happier than I've seen him in some time," Ian said from a darkened corner of the room. 

He walked over and stood next to Jason. There was only two inches difference in the men's height. Their coloring was similar as they were both dirty blonds with light grey eyes. Like Dornan, Ian had been guarding Jason's back for close to twelve years. He was smart and loyal to the death, and Jason valued his opinion, even more than Dornan's.

"You think so?" Jason asked

"Yeah." 

"So much has happened." Jason sighed. "I'm feeling so overwhelmed. I don't know if I'm doing the right things."

"You were born to be a leader Jase. Don't ever doubt yourself or your decisions." Ian went to stand in front of Jason and he took his face between his hands and kissed him.

"Ian." Jason ran his hands down Ian's face and looked into his eyes with love. "How did I ever deserve you?"

"Hmm, hmm." A throat cleared and both men broke apart and turned to stare at Quinn and Kali, who stood in the doorway.

"Gee, Commander," Quinn said with a shit eating grin. "Kali and Dornan, can keep it in their pants. I think you may be setting a bad example."

Ian took a menacing step toward Quinn, who ran behind Kali, laughing his ass off.

"Stand down, Ian," Jason said quietly, putting a restraining hand on his shoulder. "Quinn you better wipe that grin off your face or I'm going to let Ian do it for you."

"Yes, sir!" Quinn said valiantly trying not to laugh.

"Sir?" Kali got his attention.

"Yes?"

"Quinn and I have put one of the trucks together. I was hoping you'd let us take that instead of the Vertibird."

"It wouldn't be as noticeable as the vertibirds." Ian said to Jason. "But they would still travel pretty fast.

"Talk to Dornan. I'll leave the decision up to him." Jason told Kali. "Of course you'll keep me informed, Doctor."

Kali nodded and she and Quinnheaded out the door. Ian shook his head and smiled over at Jason.

"Think we can keep it in our pants until tonight?" Ian asked.

Jason laughed and they walked out the door.

000

Kali and Dornan were outside of maintenance loading supplies into the truck. If you could call it a truck. 

Dornan was sure it was actually some kind of mutated mechanical monster. The truck shell itself was some kind burnt out pre-war army truck. It was open with bars running over the top and side every couple of feet, where a canvas could be attached. The bed was large and had two bench seats running up both sides. It was packed with supplies. 

The engine was state of the art. Kali and Quinn had taken a few days and pieced the thing together and made it fit the big truck. The engine could probably pull a vertibird on a trailer easily. If it worked out on the trip then Kali and Quinn were going to put another one together for the move. 

Dornan was half listening to Kali talk when the last thing she said finally registered.

"You and Quinn actually walked in on them?" Dornan asked incredulously.

"He's your friend and you didn't know he was into guys?"

"Well, hell, I knew that. It's just that Jason and Ian are usually, more discreet."

"Everyone on the base knows."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Duh." She rolled her eyes and shook her head.

"Thank you for that Doctor Taylor." Kali cringed and then turned to look at Jason and Ian. "It's good to know the entire base knows about our private lives."

"Sorry, Commander." Kali shrugged. "Small community. If it makes you feel better, I got quite a few pats on the back for bagging the sarge."

"What!?" Dornan looked about ready to have a coronary.

"You got to admit you've been in a lot better mood lately sarge." Quinn said from the top of the truck.

Doran bunched his muscled and gave the truck a shove hard enough to rock it. Quinn stopped laughing as he toppled of the top of the truck.

"Oww." Quinn's head popped around the side of the truck. "Not nice Sergeant."

"It'll take a week and a half to get there. Another couple of days to scout the terrain and go over the vault. We'll be back in a three or four weeks," Dornan told Jason. 

"You be careful out in the waste Dornan. I'd hate to lose my best sergeant." Dornan nodded and saluted smartly.

"Let's move out!"Dornan barked. 

Everyone that was going piled into the truck and they headed out into the waste.