 There is a shout out to family guy in here. Hope you think it's funny.

Mac

*

"Quinn, stop the truck," Dornan shouted and Quinn slowed to a stop.

"It's been a bit since Horrigan eliminated the other occupants. We need to scout out the vault to make sure that no undesirables have moved in." Dornan told the others. 

"I'll go." Hunter said.

"No." Dornan told him. "Taka will go."

"I will?" Taka asked confusedly.

"Yes."

"Are you testing me?"

"Yes."

"Okay."

"I've got something that will help you," Kali said reaching into her bag and pulling out a small box that she handed to Taka. "I want it back when you're done."

"What is it?" Taka asked as he pulled out a small gadget that resembled a wrist watch.

"Oh my god!" Hale said, his eyes big as dinner plates. "Is that a stealth boy?"

"Where did you get that!?" asked Dornan with equally big eyes.

"Yes it is and please don't ask." She strapped the stealth boy to Taka's arm, pressed the button, and Taka became invisible.

"You won't be seen," Kali told Taka. "You can still be heard though, so you need to make sure your footsteps are soft."

"Okay." Taka was waving his hand in front of his face.

"Make sure you check all levels of the vault." Dornan told him. "Every room."

"Yes, Sergeant Dornan."

"And don't talk to me while you're invisible." Dornan told him. "It's creepy."

"Yes, Sergeant."

"Just go scout the vault," Dornan told him with a grimace. 

000

"I'm back," Taka said becoming visible.

"It's been three hours." Dornan said irritably. "Were you sleeping in there?"

"No. Raiders moved into the vault."

"How many and what kind of weaponry?"

"I counted fifteen and they're all unarmed." He pulled a bag off his shoulder and dumped out a bunch of weapons on the floor of the truck. "They just don't know it yet."

"Good job soldier!" Dornan slapped him on the back.

"Yeah. Well I didn't know I needed to turn the stealth boy off when I picked up the bag."

Everyone stopped what they were doing to look at him.

"A couple of them decided that they were permanently going to stop drinking Rotgut." Taka pulled the stealth boy off his wrist and handed it to Kali.

"It was kinda funny."

"Anything else to report?" Dornan finally stop shaking his head and asked.

"They have slaves. Four women. Third level."

"You speak with them?"

"No, Sergeant. The raiders weren't availing themselves of any of them so I made sure they were locked in the room they were in. There won't be any innocents in the crossfire."

"This going to be like shooting fish in a barrel." Hale said, checking his weapons.

"We're not going to give them a chance?" Crissy asked horrified.

"No." Hale took her chin in his hand making her look at him. "I can tell you for a fact that they never gave any of their victims a chance."

"But-"

"No buts' pumpkin." Hale put his hand behind her neck and put his forehead against hers. "I'm not asking you to kill innocents. Imagine what they've done to those poor women that they took."

"Okay."

"That's my girl."

"Here Dornan," Kali handed him the stealth boy and then pulled another out of her bag.

"You've got two!?" Dornan and Hale asked at the same time.

"Sure. I reverse engineered the first one." She handed the second to Hale. "Maybe just you two should go."

"Are you telling me you think we shouldn't gangbang them?" Dornan asked chucking her under the chin.

"I'm pretty sure the rest of us don't mind letting you have the bad guys." Kali winked at Crissy.

"It would be easier to pick them off, just the two of us." Hale told Dornan.

"Whatever. As long as I get to kill something."

"Oooh, blood thirsty." Kali pecked Dornan on the cheek.

Kali pulled her pistols out of the holster and gave one to each of the men.

"Unless you want the rifles." She said to Dornan.

"No. This will be easier to handle in close quarters." He looked over at Hale who was examining his. "It does a hell of a lot of damage."

Dornan and Hale put their helmets on and headed out for the vault.

"Thanks Doctor Taylor," Crissy said to Kali.

"You can call me Kali." Kali looked over at Crissy. "You obviously don't want to kill, so why did you join?"

"Cord and I were both Enclave raised. It was pretty much expected of us." 

"I think Hale is sweet on you." Kali said to Crissy, changing the subject.

Crissy thought that Hale was a handsome figure of a man. Six foot with sandy brown hair, light green eyes, and a slightly crooked nose, that had been broken in his youth.

"He's good looking." Crissy told Kali carefully.

"But?"

"But there is something in eyes that says he wants to do things to me that-" she paused to think about it for a moment.

"That are considered depraved even in this day and age." Kali finished for her.

"Yeah. How did you know?"

"Cause Dornan gets that same look." She shivered. "Turns me on and scares the hell out of me at the same time."

"How do you deal with it?"

"I trust Dornan." Kali shrugged. "I know that he would never hurt me."

"I know Hale wouldn't hurt me."

"Then go for it. Might as well take what pleasures you can." She grimaced. "I really doubt that post apocalyptia is going to be getting better any time soon.

000

"How do you want to do this?" Hale asked Dornan as they made their way to the vault.

"We should sneak it and go from the bottom up, I think."

"I'm good with that."

Dornan and Hale snuck into the vault very easily. There was only one guard on duty and she was actually sleeping.

"If she had been one of my soldiers I would have handed her ass to her on a plate." Dornan whispered to Hale, who agreed. 

They made their way onto the elevator and sent it down to the third level of the vault. When the doors opened and they stepped out they almost ran into two men who were obviously planning on using the elevator. They managed to get to the side of the wall before the men made it to the door, but both men stopped to stare at the elevator door.

"I told you it wasn't the booze, Ted." Said one of the men to the other.

Damn it! Dornan thought.

"You're right Jim. First the floating bag, then the all the weapons disappear, and now doors opening on their own." Jim was starting to look around in a paranoid manner.

Oh, fuck! Here it comes, Hale thought.

"Ghost." Ted whispered to Jim. "They don't want us here."

Dornan gave a snort and the two men's eyes widened and they started to look around in a panic. 

"We need to get out of here!" Ted told Jim.

"We can't go into the wastes with nothing but spears." Jim said.

"You saw the bodies we carried out of here." Ted told him. "I'll take my chances in the waste, thank you very much."

"NCR isn't too far from here." Jim said. "Let's get our shit and get out of here."

"Yeah. We should see if some of the others want to come with us. Strength in numbers, man."

Dornan dragged Hale into the nearest empty room.

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Hale asked him.

"Hell, yes!" Dornan laughed. "Taka paved the way for this. That boy's on my good list."

Dornan and Hale waited for about fifteen minutes so that Jim and Ted could spread the word of ghost around to the other raiders. Then they put their plan into action. They walked all through the vault making sure that strange things happened to or in front of the raiders.

"You bunch of pussies!" The raider leader, Jethro, yelled at his men that had all assembled in the cavern outside of the vault. "There is no such thing as fucking ghost!"

Dornan and Hale stood in opposite corners of the cave and let their chuckles bounce off the walls, spooking the raiders even more than they already were. Then Doran walked over to Jethro, put his pistol to the back of his head and pulled the trigger. 

As Dornan thought that he would, Jethro let out a blood curdling shriek and lit up like a million volts was passing through him and then disintegrated right in front of his men. 

There was absolute quiet for about five seconds and then every one of the raiders let out some kind of scream and ran out of the cave as fast as their legs would take them.

"I told you the gun would do some damage." Dornan told Hale and they fell on the floor laughing.

"I've never seen people move so fast," Hale said to Dornan after they were done rolling on the floor laughing their asses off.

"Are we going soft?" Dornan finally asked.

"Hell, no!" Hale scoffed that the thought. "This was way more fucking fun!"

"Let's do a quick walk through of the vault and make sure there aren't any stragglers."

"Fine by me."

They found the room that Taka said he locked the slaves in and opened the door.

"Are you ladies okay?" Hale asked.

All four women let out ear piercing shrieks and practically tried to climb the walls.

"What? You ladies never saw a man in power armor before?" Hale asked bewilderedly. 

"We forgot that were invisible, dumbass." Dornan said turning off his stealth boy.

"Oh, right." Hale turned off his stealth boy. "Sorry about that ladies."

"Oh my god." One of the women put her hand on her ample chest. "You morons just about gave us heart attacks."

"Well if that's the thanks we get for driving off the raiders then you can stay here and rot you stuck up bitch," Dornan said shrugging and he and Hale started walking out the door.

"Wait!"

"Not looking so bad now, are we?" Hale said.

"Come along ladies," Dornan said not stopping. "We'll get you sorted out."

They finished their walkthrough of the vault and then headed back out into the light of day. Quinn drove up and stopped the truck not three inches from Dornan and Hale's noses and shut it off.

"Sarge you dog!" Quinn said popping up from his seat. "We leave you alone for ten minutes and you find yourself a harem."

Kali smacked Quinn upside the back of his head as he opened his door and he took a header out of the truck.

"Ooow." Quinn said rubbing his head. 'Not nice, Doc."

"Kali!" Dornan yelled.

"Sorry, Dornan," Kali said stepping out of the truck, right on Quinn.

"Ooof."

"You can have the next one," She told him.

"Brought you a present, Doc," Dornan said motioning at the four women. 

"Did you clear out the vault?" Kali asked him ignoring the four women. "I'd really like to start taking inventory."

"Crissy," Hale motioned her over. "You have med training. Will you take care of these lovely ladies?"

"Yes, sir. Ladies if you'll follow me we'll get you taken care of." The women followed her around to the back of the truck.

"You're all heart, Doc." Dornan told her as he pulled her into his arms.

"I'm not a medical Doctor. And I'm assuming that since we saw a mass exodus of raiders, you managed to clear out the vault."

"Damn but you have a one track mind. Yes Doctor Taylor, we cleared out the vault."

"Good." She looked over at Quinn. "Ready to get started?"

"Sure." He came over and pointed to his face. "But the first thing we're checking is the water supply. I'm covered in dirt. I told you we should have put some kind of windshield in the truck."

"I'll show you how happy I am that you're alive, later." Kali said and pecked Dornan on the cheek, ignoring Quinn's complaints.

"Come along Quinn. Time to work," Kali said walking into the vault cavern.

000

"She's one cold fish, that Doctor Taylor." Melinda Johnson, one of the four, now ex-slaves, said to Crissy.

"She's not cold," Crissy said defending Kali. "She's a brilliant and driven scientist. And if it weren't for her recommending that her people come here to this vault you would still be a slave."

"Ouch. Guess you told me soldier girl." Melinda said sarcastically.

"You're done," Crissy said pasting a bandage on Melinda's leg.

"That one may be trouble," Cord said kneeling down by Crissy and watching Melinda stalk away to stand with the other women.

"I think you're right, Cord." Hale said coming to kneel on Crissy's other side. "I'll speak to Dornan and we'll get her out of here as soon as possible. In the mean time, let's go see what we can do help."