 A bit of homosexual sex in this chapter so skip over it if you feel the need too.

thanks

mac




"I followed the raiders for a ways." Hunter said as he found Dornan and the grunts hauling supplies into the vault.

"Think they'll stay away?" Dornan asked.

"I could barely keep up with them," Hunter chuckled. "NCR is only three days by foot."

"They'll make it I'm sure." Dornan shrugged. "Let NCR deal with them."

"I put our guest to work washing walls for now." Hale said coming in and setting down a crate.

"The one's got a mouth on her." Dornan said obviously speaking of Melinda.

"Yeah." Hale rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "She's trouble. We need to get her out of here as soon as possible."

"What? You think Crissy might pull out her hair?" Dornan asked with a laugh.

"I actually have a pretty mean right cross," Crissy said bringing a container into the room. "Hale's been teaching me."

"Her name is Melinda Johnson and she's not happy that you drove off the raiders." Said one of the women, slinking into the room.

"What's your name?" Dornan asked.

"Cara Wilder." She smiled hesitantly. 

"And why isn't she happy about it Cara?" Dornan asked her.

"Jethro, the raider leader, took a shining to her. He treated her pretty well. She's not happy that she's lost that."

"Do you think she'll cause trouble?" Cord asked handing her his canteen, so she could have a drink of water.

"Thank you, and yes," She nodded and took a drink. "She's kind of vindictive."

"I suppose we could dump her at NCR and let her whore her way to wherever she wants to go." Hale said thoughtfully.

"What about the other two women?" Dornan asked.

"Lia Reeves and Matanna Maitland." She shrugged and handed the canteen back to Cord. "They're okay. Melinda has them cowed though."

"But not you?' Hale asked.

"The raiders are gone, and can't hurt me anymore. And she knows I'd kick her good for nothing ass if she did anything to me now."

"Good for you!" Cord told her with admiration.

"Thanks." Cara said with a blush.

"Where are you from?" Kali asked joining them into the room.

"We're from Modoc, but none of us really want to go back there. The others were talking about New Reno, but I don't think that I want to go there either."

"You could stay with us." Cord said with an encouraging smile, earning black looks from Dornan and Hale.

"Who are you guys?" She asked a bit warily, looking at their power armor and supplies. "Brotherhood of Steel?"

"Enclave." Cord said.

They all watched Cara stiffen and take a step back. She looked like she was about to have a panic attack and Cord took at step toward her in case she needed someone to lean on. Cara's eyes became wide as dinner plates and she bolted for the door. Of course she had to go around Cord to do it and he caught her up in his arms.

"Let go!" Cara yelled, kicking at him.

"I'll be back, sir." Cord said to Hale who nodded.

Cord tossed Cara up a bit and over his shoulder and carried her out of the room, to the next empty one that he could find. He obviously needed to have a talk with her in private about her reaction.

"Now," He said setting her down. "Let's chat."

"But you're Enclave." She backed up and he followed her until she was backed up against the wall, and he caged her in with his arms.

"Not everyone who is Enclave is a bad person."

"Why would you join the Enclave?"

"I was Enclave raised."

"I don't know what that means."

"It means that both my grandparents and my parents were part of the Enclave. I'm third generation and it was expected of me to join as well."

"Oh."

"You're beautiful," He said looking down into her tear filled, chocolate brown eyes.

"No I'm not." She said looking away.

"I said you were," he said taking her chin and making her look up into his eyes. "I don't usually lie."

"No?"

"No." 

He dipped his head and kissed her plump pink lips. She stood on tip toe and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back.

At six foot one, he was handsome in a rough kind of way, light blond hair, and smoldering blue eyes. And Cara hadn't had a man look at her like that in a long time.  

"Enough," he said pulling away regretfully. "We need to help with the vault. We can come back to this later. We can talk later."

"Okay," she nodded. "I'm not washing walls with Melinda though."

"You can help me."

"Hello the vault," Crissy said from behind the door.

"Come in," Cord said turning toward the door.

"Kali asked me to give these to Cara," Crissy said walking in and handing him a grunt's uniform. "They're about the same size."

"Thank you." Cara said taking the clothes from Cord and hugging them to her body.

"She also said to tell you that the vaults water system was working, so you can take a shower if you want."

"Thank you." Cara said again.

"No problem." Crissy gave Cara a wink and sauntered out of the room.

"I'll leave you too it," Cord said with a hard swallow, trying not to picture her naked. "You can meet me back in the other room."

"Okay." She smiled at him.

"Okay." He smiled back.

"Okay." She said again looking toward the bathroom.

"Okay, yeah! I'm leaving." He walked out the door before he pinned her up against the wall again.

Cara took her first hot shower in almost a week. She washed her short red hair at least twice and her body a lot more than that. She thought maybe she could wash away the all raider's touches, so maybe she could be clean for Cord. 

She knew it wasn't her fault but she felt dirty. She still felt like she couldn't get clean enough though, no matter how hard she scrubbed. She took a deep shuddering breath and let the tears fall. She didn't want Cord to reject her but he just might, once he saw all of her. 

000

"How is she?" Asked Kali when Cord made his way back into the room with the others.

"She's okay, she's taking a shower. Thanks for giving her the clothes."

"Not a problem." Kali shrugged. "We're about the same size."

"She doesn't want to go." Cord told Hale and Dornan. 

"Decisions not ours soldier." Dornan told him. "Best we can do is run it by the commander and see what he says."

"What about the other women?" Cord asked.

"Like I said, we should dump them off in NCR." Hale told Dornan.

"I agree with you," Dornan said to Hale. "Let me run it by the commander though."

"Is he our commander now too?" Crissy asked Hale.

"Sure is, Pumpkin."

"Okay."

000

Jason laughed his ass off for a good five minutes after he finished speaking with Doran on the radio. He spent another hour chuckling occasionally.

"Damn! Dornan gets to have all the fun," Jason complained to Ian later as they ate.

"And they still have the journey back." Ian said with a smile.

"Yeah. Maybe we should fly one of the vertibirds out and check on-"

"We have responsibilities here, Commander." Ian said interrupting him.

"Spoil sport."

"I think that the vault is going to be habitable for all of us," Ian told him with a smile. "You still have that journey to look forward too."

"True," Jason said with a nod.

"What are you going to have Dornan do with the slaves?"

"One of them wants to stay on at the vault, and at this point I don't see a problem with that. As for the others I think that our new Captain Hale is right and we should see them off to NCR." 

"Doctor Taylor is full of surprises," Ian said changing the subject and forking a bite of food into his mouth.

"I can believe she not only had a stealth boy but that she reverse engineered it to make another one." He frowned. "I'm going to have to reprimand her for keeping such technology to herself."

"I think she was probably planning on telling you Jason. She has quite a few projects in her lab that she hasn't spoken of yet."

"How the hell do you know that?"

"I don't spend all of my time guarding or fucking you commander," Ian said affably.

"Crude," Jason said.

"I know."

"I like it when you talk dirty."

"What else do I do that you like?" Ian asked Jason.

"I like," Jason said scooting his chair back from the table. "When you pull my cock out of my pants and suck it."

Ian went and knelt in front of Jason's chair and carefully freed his already hard cock from his pants. Jason's cock was exceptionally large at ten inches long and wide enough around that Ian had a hard time fitting it in his mouth. But he was an experienced cock sucker and managed to take Jason's cock all the way in his mouth and down his throat.

"Fuck, Ian!"

Jason felt himself close to coming and stopped Ian. He pulled Ian's cock out his pants and returned the favor. Ian stopped him before he came and Jason led him into the bedroom. The pulled off each other's clothes and lay on the bed kissing and sucking each other's nipples.

"How do you want it tonight?" Jason asked pulling a small bottle of lubricant out of the night stand.

"I want your cock." Ian told him rolling onto his knees, ass in the air. "I'll fuck you later."

"Promises, Promises," Jason said.

He poured some lube on his finger tip and started rubbing it lightly on Ian's anus. He slowly inserted one finger, then two, and finally three before Ian begged Jason to fuck him with his cock.

Jason took his cock and positioned it at Ian's entrance and pushed hard and didn't stop until the head of his cock was completely swallowed by Ian's anus. He let Ian rest and get used to his cock and then he started rocking in and out slowly until his cock was three quarter of the way in, then he shoved the last quarter in fast and hard, getting a thrill from Ian's shout.

"Oh god!" Ian cried. "Jason it feels like your cock is in my stomach. I feel like it's going to come out my mouth."

Jason laughed and started pumping his cock in and out of Ian's ass. Ian pumped up and down on his cock, holding back as best he could. Jason finally shouted and dumped his load in Ian's ass, making him come too.

They collapsed together and lay spooning each other. Jason left his cock in Ian's ass and they both fell asleep.



000

"I've spoken with my commander," Dornan told Melinda and her cohorts. "It seems more than likely that we'll drop you three at NCR." 

"And when is this going to happen?" Melinda asked coyly, grabbing onto Dornan's arm. She was still in her "slave" outfit even though they had offered to find her other clothing. Dornan was sure that her more than ample breast were going to pop out of it any second.

"As soon as we can find the time to arrange it," Dornan said extricating himself from Melinda's leech like grip.

"What about Cara," Tia asked with a frown.

"She requested to stay on with our group, and my commander has granted it."

"Really?" Melinda asked in a sugary voice and an angry gleam in her eye. "How kind of you to agree to take care of her."

"She will earn her place." Dornan told her.

"Oh," she said with a pout. "I'm sure she will. Even though she never once helped us keep our room clean here."

"I'm sure I'll be able to whip her into shape." Dornan told her and started walking away. 

"You ladies have a nice day." He said as an afterthought and closed the door behind him.

"You remember the first time you saw a floater or centaur," Dornan asked Hale who was waiting outside the room for him.

"Yeah. Made my skin crawl." Hale said grimacing.

"That's how that bitch makes me feel."

"And they're dangerous." Hale said.

"So is she," Dornan told him. "We need to keep a close eye on her."

"Let's separate them."

"I have three grunts; they should be in the mess right now." Dornan looked at the door. "You go first."

"Pussy." Hale told him and then opened the door and stuck his head in. "Tia can I borrow you for a few minutes."

"Of course." She said looking to Melinda who merely shrugged. She walked out the door and down the hall to the mess with Hale.

Dornan gave it a few minutes and then popped his head in the door.

"Matanna, come with me." Dornan didn't give her much of a choice, he just took her arm and led her out of the room. Leaving Melinda with a secret smile.

"Cara said your people were different than the raiders, but I think she lied." Matanna told Dornan.

"Why am I like the raiders?' he asked.

"They took us and used us too."

Dornan stopped mid stride and turned to look at her.

"I have my own woman." He said spat, looking at her like she was a bug. "I don't need to avail myself of your services."

"Services? I'm not a whore!" she spat at him. "Slavers stole me from my home and did this to me!" She broke down and started sobbing.

Kali never cried. Dornan didn't have patience with crying women. He was about ready to snap at her to stop it when Edward came striding down the hall.

"There. There." Edward said turning Matanna so that she could grab on to him and sob in his shirt. "Go ahead and let it out."

"Hale said you needed me, sir." He mouthed to Dornan.

"Yes! Thank you." Dornan mouthed back. "Keep her busy. Away from Melinda."

Edward nodded and Dornan walked away. 

"I'm not a whore." She said looking up at Edward with tear filled eyes.

"Of course you're not." He smiled at her. "Melinda is."

"Oh god." She said with a laugh. "You just said the exact right thing. You have sisters don't you?"

"Three."

"He's such a jerk." She said wiping her eyes.

"Sergeant Dornan can be abrasive but he is a good man. He cares for those under his command."

"I don't want to be around Melinda anymore." She looked up at him. "I'll do anything."

"Tempting." He said with a smile. "The raiders are gone. Don't let her intimidate you anymore."

"You're right," she said squaring her shoulders.

"My name is Edward and I'm to keep you with me, Matanna," He told her. "I'm afraid we're in for a lot of cleaning today."

"I don't mind helping. And you can call me Matty."

"Good. Let's get something in your stomach. You're going to need your energy." 

Edward escorted Matty into the mess hall and she automatically went and sat down in front of Tia who was with Jesse and Taka. She leaned over and whispered in Tia's ear.

"You guys are keeping us away from Melinda?" Tia asked Jesse.

"Sorry." He said sheepishly.

"Don't be. Melinda's a bitch. She has all of intimidated."

"She can't hurt you anymore," Taka said between mouthfuls of food.

"Yeah." Tia said with a smile. "You should eat Matty, the foods not bad."

Kali walked in and headed for their table.

"Quinn found some old vault suits that should fit you ladies." Kali dropped them on the table. "I put them through a wash."

"Thank you." Both women said a bit shyly.

"I'm afraid I couldn't find anything that would fit your friends," Kali paused, "frame." 

"She'd rather have her tits pop out of her outfit anyway," Tia said. "She's always been that way."

"If you've got it, use it," Matty said mimicking Melinda perfectly and they all laughed. "That was mean of me."

"You obviously don't like her. She must be a bitch." Kali said.

"Wow." Tia said shaking her head. "You always say what's on your mind?"

"I usually feel the need to be truthful." Kali shrugged.

"There is nothing wrong with being truthful," Dornan said walking up behind Kali and bending down to kiss her neck. "How's the vault looking, Doc."

"So far everything is in excellent condition, considering how old the vault is." She shrugged. "Quinn and I will be fixing on the small stuff for months though."

"What she means to say is that you can report to the commander that it's more than livable." Quinn said walking in the mess, wiping his hands on a rag.

"Excellent." Dornan said.

"I speak English, Quinn." Kali said.

"You speak scientific English," Quinn said back. "That is when you're not talking dirty English to the Sergeant."

"Funny." Kali rolled her eyes. "We still have more work to do. Let's get to it."

"Sure, Doc. We- waaaahh-" Quinn slipped on a puddle of water on the floor and ended up lying on his back staring up at the ceiling.

"You did that didn't you Sarge?" Quinn asked looking at the empty water bottle in Dornan's hand.

"Yep." Dornan said with a big smile.

"Owww. Not nice Sarge." Quinn got up, rubbing his butt and followed a laughing Kali. 

Dornan looked over at all the others in the mess that were laughing as well.

"Back to work!" He barked and everyone jumped to go about their assigned tasks.

000

Melinda sat around for hours and then grew board waiting for Tia and Matanna to come back, and went in search of them. She found Matty in a supply room with Edward. They were going through the supplies and laughing at a joke Edward was telling.

"What so funny?" Melinda asked leaning on the door jam.

"Just a joke about a Death Claw," Edward said soberly. He felt Matty trembling next to him. 

"Hmm." Melinda said. "I thought I might come and help you."

"I'm afraid this is a two person job. If you need an assignment I'm sure Sergeant Dornan will be more than happy to give you one." Edward turned back to what he was doing.

"Are you sure you don't need help Matanna?" Melinda asked glaring at her.

"No." Matty finally said, but only after Edward put his hand on her shoulder. "I'm sure the Sergeant can find something for you Melinda."

Melinda glared daggers at her and stomped off to go and find Tia. Matanna was going to pay for that, she promised herself. Nobody crossed her.

"Matty, what did she do to you?" Edward asked taking her in his arms.

"She would complain to Jethro if we crossed her in any way and he would punish us."

"Punish you how?"

"Tell me!" he said when she didn't say anything.

Matty walked over to the door of the supply closet and shut it. She leaned her head against the door and took a deep breath. Then she pulled the zipper down on her vault suit and peeled it down to her waste.

"Son of bitch!" Edward swore when he saw the whip scars on her back.

"Tia and I learned quickly," she said covering her breast and showing him the few on her stomach. "Cara's are a lot worse."

"Fuck." Edward said and then took her in his arms and she started sobbing.

Dornan opened the door of the closet, to check on the two, but Matty didn't hear him. His lips pressed together angrily when he saw her back.

"Please don't make me leave?" Matty said in his shirt.

"I'm afraid that's not up to me Matty. I can talk to Sergeant Dornan about it though."

"I won't go any place with her," Matty said fiercely. "Tia and I would be better off in the wastes."

Dornan motioned for Edward to bring her to see him in ten minutes and then quietly shut the door. Edward comforted Matty and then helped her dress.

"We're going to go and see Sergeant Dornan right now." Edward said.

"No. It won't do any good." She said shaking her head. "I think he's already made up his mind about Tia and me."

"He's a good man." Edward told her. "Come on."

Edward and Matty made their way to the office that Dornan had claimed. Hale, Cord, and Cara were already there and Tia, Jesse, and Taka followed them in.

"Sit." Dornan told them all. Hale perched on the edge of his desk and folded his arms. Dornan glared at him and Hale shrugged, not intimidated at all. Dornan shook his head.

"You have something you want to talk to me about?" Dornan asked Matty.

"You can do this," Edward urged her when she didn't say anything. He rubbed her back, then moved it to her shoulder, when she started quietly sobbing.

"You told him?" Tia asked her, seeing the gesture.

"I made her," Edward told Tia.

"Told what, Tia?" Jesse asked her.

Tia stood up, knowing Jesse would just keep pressing her. She unzipped her vault suit and stripped down the waste. She showed everyone in the room, the damage to her body and re-clothed herself.

"What the fuck!?" Jesse swore and Tia turned away ashamed. He took her in his arms and ran a hand over her back.
