 Sorry that it's taken so long. I'm so ashamed! Forgive me. I've been working on my MK stories and this sat on the back burner. This is the last chapter of Navarro. There will be others in the future. Keep an eye out for Tales of the Den and California Love. Once again, sorry this took so long.

mac







"Just show me Cara," Cord said.

"No. It's awful."

"Cara!" He barked, doing a decent imitation of Dornan.

"Fine." Cara pulled off her shirt and turned around so that Cord could see her back.

"I'm going to be sick."

"Really!?" She asked turning quickly.

"Nope. Just wanted to see your boobs." Cord joked.

"God." Cara crossed her arms over her chest. "That was not very funny Cord."

"I thought it was." He reached out and took her in his arms and caressed her back. She was only five four but she seemed much smaller to him. "I've seen worse, I promise you."

"After a while the raiders stopped picking me out." Cara said.

"Felt good not to be abused by them and hurt at the same time." Cord guessed.

"Yeah.

"I won't abuse you Cara, but you definitely have my full attention."

"You want to have sex with me even with my back the way that it is?"

"Cara your fronts pretty damn gorgeous." he said looking down.

"So you like them?"

"Yes," he said swallowing hard when she moved out of his arms to give him a better view.

"I've always been a breast man," Cord told her. "And yours are perfect."

"Melinda had nice breast." Cara said unsurely.

"They were too big," Cord said reaching out to run a callused finger over a small pink nipple. He smiled when she gasped.

"Besides," he said with a smile. "Hers were beginning to sag and yours are perky."

"God, Cord," she said with a laugh. "You know just what to say."

"I try."

Cord pulled her back into his arms and bent his head to kiss her. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back with everything that she had left inside of her.

He pulled away and looked down at her. "Are you sure?"

She smiled as she slid her pants down her hips and went to lie on the bed. She beckoned to him with a finger. "I'm definitely sure."

A shiver went up Cords spine and then his cock sucked all the blood from his brain and all he could think about was burying himself in her waiting pussy. He had his clothes off in record time and he just managed to stop himself from pouncing on her like a wild animal.

He covered he body with his and kissed her desperately while he explored her body with his hands. She reached down and ran her tiny fingers across this stomach making his cock jump. He kissed his way down to her breast and took one of her stiff nipples in his mouth, sucking it hard. She gasped and arched her back. He ran a hand down to her pussy and pushed a finger into her wetness. She was tight and hot and he had to be inside of her but he held himself back. First things first. Her pleasure came before his. 

He felt her shiver as he pushed a second finger inside of her and waited for her to adjust to his invasion. When she was ready he brought his lips back to hers and started moving his fingers in and out of her. Gently at first but then stronger. Soon he was pumping four fingers into her pussy, hoping that would be enough. He was only about six inches long but he was pretty thick and he didn't want to hurt her. She gasped and he felt her clench around his fingers in release.

He reared up, quickly grabbing her hips, and flipped her over on her stomach.

"Cord no!" She cried. 

She struggled to get up but that just put her in a prime position. He smacked her ass and commanded her, Dornan style, to be quiet and hold still. He was a bit surprised when it worked, but happy too. He leaned forward a bit and started running both of his hands all over her back. She'd been badly savaged with the whip and her back was a mass of scar tissue but that didn't daunt Cord. The scars were part of who she was now and he could accept that. He positioned his cock at the entrance of her pussy and pulled her forward, plunging into her.

"Perfect." He groaned as her pussy gripped his cock tightly.

Cara reveled in the feeling of Cord's cock pumping in and out of her. He didn't care about the scars; he just wanted her for her. She smiled and closed her eyes letting herself go, giving herself to him completely. Cord desperately held himself back until he felt Cara orgasm and then he let himself go inside of her waiting body as her pussy milked his cock.

They both collapsed and after a few moments he heard her sigh with satisfaction. He smiled and kissed one of her scars.

"I like jerky." He told her with a smile.

"You're too wonderful." She said hiding her face. "I don't deserve you."

"No it's me who doesn't deserve you." He pulled her to him in an almost bone crushing hug. "I'm not going to let you go Cara."

"I don't-"

"Stop talking." He covered her mouth. "It's time to sleep. We have a lot to do tomorrow."

She nodded and snuggled into his chest and closed her eyes, letting herself fall asleep instead of fighting it, for the first time in months.  

000

"You will pack quickly! You will pack efficiently! I will hear no complaints or I will find a pack of death claws and feed your sorry asses to them!" Dornan yelled at the Navarro grunts making them work even faster.

"The move is coming along well," Jason said to Dornan. 

He was thankful that Dornan had willingly come back from the vault to help supervise the moving. He really could make the other soldiers hop too.

"I'm glad that it's been going so smoothly." Dornan said. "It's been hell the last six weeks, getting the vault cleaned and ready. It's just been one thing after another. I swear Kali wasn't sleeping more than two hours at a time."

"Culluch was pissed to see Quinn looking so haggard." Jason said smiling at the thought of Culluch standing up to both Jason and Dornan, telling them to both piss off, Quinn was going to bed and not getting up for two days.

"I didn't blame him. I wanted to do the same thing with Kali, but I knew how much this all needed to be done."

"And you drove yourself as hard as you let her drive herself."

"I guess." He'd also promised to let her take him camping for a week when the vault and the move were finished.

"Quinn and Culluch are talking about adopting a brilliant orphan." Jason said looking over at Ian talking to two of the grunts.

"They'll make great fathers." Dornan said with a smile. He hadn't spoken to Kali about kids but he definitely wanted a son to pass his skills onto.

"Hmm." Jason shrugged. "I know."

"You and Ian could do the same." Dornan said quietly. "You would both make great fathers too."

"I don't know if I'm cut out to be a father." Jason said quietly.

"Of course you are," Ian said coming to stand next to him. "You have no compunction about fathering anyone younger than you."

"It's true," Dornan said glaring at a grunt that had stopped to listen.

"For what it's worth, sir," she said ignoring Dornan. "You remind me a lot of my own father and I worshiped him." She walked away to go and help another soldier.

"See?" Ian said. "And we're not getting any younger either. We should consider it Jase."

"We'll talk about it after we get settled at the vault." Jason said.

"Don't think I'm going to let you forget this." Ian said.

"I won't forget." Jason pulled Ian into his arms and kissed him.

The grunts all stopped to smile, or whisper, or elbow a friend.

"Back to work!" Dornan barked at them. "Knock it off you two. I refuse to watch your public display of affection when Kali isn't here for me to do the same too." 

Thankfully things were different than the old days, Dornan thought to himself. Before the bombs had fallen many people had seen homosexuality as some kind of sin. Now day's people took love where they could get it. Dornan had never had a relationship with a man but he had to wonder if he would have if Kali had been a man. He shrugged putting it out of his mind. It was time to focus on the move.

000

Jason stood in front of the group of soldiers and looked them over. The grunts, the techs, the officers, the senior officers, and the "new recruits" as he'd thought of the former slaves that had stayed on with them. They all stood quietly, waiting to hear what he had to say. He looked over at Ian, whose face was impassive but his eyes sparkled with merriment and love. Jason smiled at him and looked back at his people.

"Fate damn well kicked us in the ass didn't she?" There were a few chuckles and quite a few nods of agreement.

"I don't know what the future is going to bring us. Don't know what it holds in store. But I do know that this is a brave new world that we're facing. We will always be soldiers. We will always be Enclave. And now, on top of that, we will be a family. We're going to have to rely on each other to survive."

Jason squared his shoulders. "You weren't sent to Navarro just because your number came up. When I was given my command I handpicked each and every one of you to serve under me. I chose you because you all had traits that I considered beneficial."

He looked over at his senior officers. "Courage. Cunning. Loyalty." 

He smiled at Kali and her eggheads. "Knowledge and Skills that would benefit all of us now and in the uncertain future."

He looked over at the grunts that were looking at him as if he were god. "Fresh faced enthusiasm that keeps some of us older cynics on our toes."

Jason took Ian's hand.

"Each of you has a great capacity for kindness. You were the ones that were open minded. The ones that cringed at the thought of slavery. The ones that stood bravely, facing our enemies head on.  You are the men and women that I've been proud to serve with and lead. The ones I will be proud to have follow me into the future."

He motioned toward the cavern that held the vault entrance. "Not where we all we all expected to be in the future, I know. But this is where we will make our place. You all know what you need to do so let's get to it."

"Dismissed!" Dornan barked and they all headed into the vault.