 There will be more Megaton Tales, some short some longer. This one is a quickie. Hope you enjoy.

Mac 

*

Aiden stood next to Kane and folded his arms. He watched Moira intently as she tinkered with a plasma mine at her work table. She moved her screw driver toward the middle of the mine.

"No." Aiden said and she moved her screwdriver away.

"Oh, I got it." She said and moved her screwdriver back toward the same spot.

"No." Aiden said again and her shoulders drooped. 

She thumped the screwdriver down on the work table and turned to glare at him.

"Do you mind? I'm trying to have a look at this mine."

"No I don't mind." Aiden said with a shrug.

"Well I damn well mind." Kane said with irritation. "I'm not getting my ass blown up."

He headed for the door.

"Hey it's not closing time yet." Moira said to the merc.

"It's fifteen minutes." Kane said opening the door. "Dock my pay if you don't blow yourself to hell."

"Jerk." Moira said wrinkling her nose and going back to looking at the mine. "Why do I keep him around anyway?"

"Because people don't try steal from you when he's here." Aiden said, walking to the door and locking it.

"Oh, yeah."

"And I trust him not to try and fuck you when I'm not here." He said going to stand behind her, pressing his hard-on against her ass.

Moira looked back at the vault dweller. He'd been out in the wasteland for a year now and the sun had tanned his skin and bleached his hair blonde. His classically handsome face carried a scar or two but was unlined. He was tall, nearly six six, and extremely muscular. He towered over her making her feel small and delicate. 

"He's not nearly as handsome as you are." She said putting her screwdriver down and turning to look up into his grey blue eyes. "I wouldn't do, that, with him."

Aiden smiled. God she was so cute. And so very innocent. She'd said fuck once and she'd blushed so hard she had to go and run cold water on her face. She was blushing lightly now. Her teeth chewed her bottom lip as she looked up at him with her big brown eyes.

"So you like my present?" he asked.

"Yeah." She smiled widely. "I've never had my very own plasma mine."

"I'm glad."

"I'm going to have to reward you. How about some stimpacks?"

"No."

"Ammo?"

"No."

"Food?"

"No."

"Me?"

"Yes."

He scooped her up in his arms and headed toward the stairs.

"I've missed you." Moira said stroking his head.

"I've missed you too love." He said and headed toward the bedroom.

He set her on her feet and she stepped away and started pulling the zipper down on her jump suit. She was naked underneath anticipating his coming home today. He stopped her so that he could finish unzipping it himself.

When she stood naked before him he hissed out his appreciation of her beautifully body. She had curves in all the right places. Her skin was soft and lightly colored even for a wastelander. She was a true red head as evidenced by the small patch of hair at the top of her pussy.

He pulled her to him, kissing her with all the passion that he had pent up inside of him. He kneaded her body softly running his callused fingers everywhere, making her shudder. After what seemed a lifetime of kissing he picked her up and gently laid her on the bed.

Moira eyes widened as his taut body was revealed to her. His upper body was so muscular that Crow had had to make special combat armor for him. She could have washed her clothes on his abs. And, oh, his magnificent cock. Longer and thicker than most men's, it stood out strait, and she could see a small bead of moisture at the tip.

She smiled and opened her legs so that he could get a look at her pretty pink pussy. His eyes widened and she thought that he was going to leap on her. He didn't, though, because he had more self control than that. He sauntered over to the bed and lay down next to her. She pouted a little bit.

"Oh, we've got all night love." He told her with a chuckle and ran a hand down to caress her moist pussy lips. She arched her back and he went a bit lower, dipping his finger into her. She moaned as he moved his large finger in and out.

"Pinch your nipples." He commanded and she did, gasping at the sensations.

He leaned down and nudged one of her hands out of the way and began to suck on a hardened nipple. She moaned his name and he rewarded her by pushing a second finger into her pussy. When he was done with the first nipple he moved onto the second, nipping his way across her chest.

"Please, Aiden, please." She begged, running her nails lightly around his own nipples.

"Are you that eager for me?" He asked, pushing a third finger into her.

"God, yes, I'm going to come!" She said wrapping her legs around his hand when her orgasm burst through her.

He forced her legs open and moved, positioning himself at the entrance of her pussy. She groaned in ecstasy as he slowly pushed his cock into her, stretching her to the limit. He looked down and smiled with satisfaction as her body started a delicious trembling.

"Tell me to fuck you Moira." He gritted out. "Beg me."

"God, please Aiden. Please."

"Please what?" He asked withdrawing from her a bit.

"Please fuck me!" She cried.

He drove into her hard and she cried out his name. He grabbed her lower back and arched her up a bit for better access and then started pistoning in and out of her. She reached out and plucked his nipples making him pump into her harder.

"Oh, god, I'm going to come again!" She cried. 

Her pussy started milking his cock as her orgasm hit her, and he let himself go, loosing his load into her. He slumped over her trembling body, breathing hard. 

"You okay?" He asked, wondering if he'd gone to hard.

"Yep." She said, alleviating his fears.

He rolled off her, lying back, and she snuggled onto his muscled chest.

"Moira, Nadine sent a messenger." He said and felt her stiffen a bit.

"And?"

"And there is trouble between the swamp folks and the new settlers." He sighed. "They want me come and deal with it."

"So you'll be gone for at least two months." She stated, not even questioning if he would go or not. She knew his sense of honor wouldn't allow him to let people suffer.

"Yes." He tucked her closer to his shoulder and set his chin on the top of her head. "You could come with me."

She chuckled and shook her head.

"You know I can't. Megaton needs my business."

"Well, I thought I'd try." He said, glad that she'd told him no. Now he wouldn't have to worry. Moira wasn't meant to be a wasteland wanderer. She couldn't fight her way out of a paper bag.

"I'll be here when you get back." She said and tried very hard not to cry. He'd been gone for almost a month at the Citadel and now he would be leaving for at least another two months.

"I have to leave in the morning."

"That sucks." Moira complained.

"I know. When I get back I'm going to do less traveling. This is my home and I want to focus on it and you." He chucked her chin. "I'll bring you home a present."

"Promise?"

"Promise."

***

Moira hugged Aiden and then walked back into the store, refusing to cry in front of him. She had faith that he'd come back in one piece. He always came back to her.

Aiden grabbed the front of Kane's combat armor and hauled him close.

"You protect her with your fucking life. You understand merc?"

"I swear I will Aiden." Kane said extricating himself from the big man's grip. "Don't I always?"

Aiden nodded and walked away.