 This story takes place shortly after the fall of Gnomeregan. All characters are assumed to be of legal age.

*****

Shannon Knocksprocket hated Ironforge. It was not the home she wanted but it was the home she had. Gnomes were dispersed over all the world after the fall of their capital city of Gnomeregan. Still it was better to live here in the Dwarven capital than someplace like Stormwind or Dalaran. Fewer elves and humans meant less strain on her neck. Ironforge too had a huge population of gnomes. Yet to live comfortably you had to have an income and Shannon had just lost hers. She'd lost her temper when a human customer had offered her money to perform a sex act on him. The fellow's balls were level with her face and she'd punched him there as hard as she could. The pervert deserved it. She might be the height of a little human girl but no way in hell was she going to pretend to be one in his fantasy. Besides, she was fairly sure it would be painful to get fucked by a human male. Oh sure, she'd heard of girls doing it, but it still scared her. And Shannon was no virgin and believed herself far from a prude. Still, she had made love to only one gnome in her life and only twice at that.

Felix Geargrinder had proposed and they had made love. They had been happy. And then a trog had bashed his head in. Shannon had fled to Ironforge and struggled to survive. Oh, she'd never starve. No, gnomes took care of their own. There would always be a place to sleep and a meal. But surviving took more than food and shelter. It required purpose. Something to do and someone to do it for. That was what she lacked. The gnomes in Tinkertown were nice enough, but everyone had plenty of family. Shannon had none. An only child, and her parents had not lived to see her full grown. There were Knocksprockets all over the world. The small clan had moved to wherever they could find work. She was alone.

"Oh donkey balls! Now what do I do?" Shannon muttered as she sat on a low wall near the great forge. 

"Do?" a voice answered. 

Shannon jerked in surprise. An older female gnome stepped out of the crowd and sat next to her. Shannon hadn't realized she had been overheard. The woman had grey hair cropped quite short and dressed in rather worn, patched and darned mechanic's coveralls. 

"Gertie Cabledown, pleased to meet you...?"

"Uh, Shannon, Shannon Knocksprocket."

"You look troubled Shannon Knocksprocket."

"Oh I just lost my job." Shannon replied.

"Do tell..." Gertie said and shook her head. "What happened?"

Shannon explained and the old gnome chuckled.

"Well on the one hand, it serves him right, the pervert. Of course on the other hand it would've been worth it. That kind is usually willing to pay big to get their jollies, especially if it involves something so... odd."

"But sex with a human!?" Shannon exclaimed. "That..."

"What?" Gertie looked at her and cocked her head. "Sex is sex. Granted human males are typically bigger than gnomish males, but not by that much. Most are about yea big." She indicated the length and girth with her hands. "Although they they think they're big, few actually are. Now Dwarves.. Oh no. A dwarf is about the same length as humans but twice as big around. A dwarven cock would wreck your pussy. And don't get me started on Elves. Long, slender, curving sabers for cocks. REALLY long! And the typical elf can fuck for hours, damn them. Hell, a girl gets bored long before they're ready to cum!"

Shannon sat there with her mouth hanging open. She had NEVER heard anyone talk so openly on the subject.

"But like I said, sex is sex. Doesn't matter so much who they are or how they want to do it. No, it's more important to know what YOU want before getting on board... pardon the pun." She chuckled, "Getting on, ha ha ha. Well, a pretty thing like you won't have trouble getting laid, if that's what you want. Not like ol' Gertie. No. Hell I had to take what I could get and that meant working the job sites. A tent and a cot. Fifteen, sometimes twenty silvers for a ten minute quickie. But the line was often long, especially at shift change."

Shannon gasped. "You were a...a..."

"Whore? Yup. Still am, if asked. But no one wants to fuck an old gal like me. No, I have a little place three levels down, off the tunnel to the airport. I have a few girls working for me and we do all right. They have a nice place to do business and I get 20% of their take. We'll never get rich, but we survive."

Gertie patted Shannon's knee. "Look, if you need a place to sleep, and maybe a meal... Well, you're welcome to drop by."

Shannon shook her head. "No way! I could never..."

"What? I never said you were under any obligation. The invite is free. My employees are nice girls and would love the company. You just think about it."

Gertie got up and shuffled off, blending quickly into the traffic as Shannon sat there, still baffled by the old gnome's casual treatment of the subject.

Two days passed as Shannon tried to find work. But with the influx of refugees and most of them skilled workers she couldn't even get a job as a waitress in any of the taverns. Some had suggested that she try the Ironforge Airport, and on her way there she saw the tunnel that she guessed must lead to Gertie's place. There were no jobs at the airport either and Shannon was hungry and exhausted when she reached the intersection again. She turned and headed down the branch tunnel and saw that it was lined with dwellings. There were a few small places and then one rather large spot. The larger one had lights burning out on the porch and shining from the windows. 

Gertie was sitting in a chair by the door. She smiled as Shannon walked up, but frowned when the girl stopped at the bottom step.

"Come on Shannon, have a seat and a bite. You look hungry." she said as she lifted the towel from the table next to her. Shannon smelled stew. Gertie turned in her seat and hollered through the window, "Can someone bring me two mugs of ale?"

Shannon sat in the chair across from Gertie and picked up the spoon as the old gnome pushed the bowl closer. 

"I take it you haven't found work yet?"

"No. Too many people, too few jobs. Unless you join the Army or Navy." Shannon answered.

"Not a tradesman?"

"No," Daddy taught me sales and I helped manage his little shop... til the trogs came."

"Tch, tch, tch... and they...?"

"Didn't live to see the trogs. My parents went to buy exotic goods for the shop and the ship was lost. Only one boat of survivors was found...they-they never made it off before it sank."

Through the open doorway came a female dwarf with two mugs. She sat them on the table and smiled at Shannon, but didn't linger. She didn't look like a whore, or at least they way Shannon thought whores looked. She seemed perfectly normal in every way. 

"That's Mary," Gertie said, "and yes, she's one of my girls. You shouldn't stare."

"Sorry." Shannon replied. 

Before anything further could be said there was a slight bustling sound and a couple of gnomish soldiers exited the dwelling. They stopped and bowed courteously to the ladies.

"Thank you again for your hospitality Miss Gertie. It was a pleasure as always." said one.

"Indeed!" said the second, then smiled at Shannon. "Oh, I beg your pardon, I don't think we've met..."

"Go on Horace, she's just a friend who dropped by for a visit." The gnomes bowed again and tottered off.

"He thought I was..."

"Cute." Gertie answered.

"A whore." Shannon said.

"Nope, not Horace. He just saw you as cute. He figured it was worth a shot. Trust me, I know him."

As Shannon and Gertie continued to chat several other gentlemen guests exited and a couple went in. They were a random mix of dwarves and gnomes, all were polite. Another gnome came out after a while with two more mugs. 

"Hi! I'm Birdy!" she said cheerfully. "Didja like the stew? I love stew, especially rabbit stew, and I thought this was a particularly good batch. Although the cornbread was a little off this time. Mighta been the corn meal's gettin' old. Oh hey! Wouldja like some pudding? Mary makes great pudding! It's butterscotch tonight!"

Before Shannon could answer, Birdy hurried off. She was soon back with three cups of the concoction. As they ate Shannon assessed Birdy. She was young, though obviously an adult and of average height and weight. Her hair was bright blonde and she wore it short. Her eyes were hazel and sparkled in the lamplight. She seemed happy. She seemed nice. She certainly didn't seem to fit what Shannon had thought of as a whore.

"So Gertie said you might need a place to bunk tonight. You could stay with me, I mean, I'm finished for the night, and I've already changed the linens."

Shannon was caught unawares and started to protest but poor Birdy looked so sweet and eager.

"Uh yeah, sure. That's very kind of you."

"Sweet!" Birdy squealed.

In spite of her nervousness, Shannon smiled.

Birdy suddenly snapped her fingers. "Oh snap! I'm sorry Gertie but I almost forgot. Horace gave me an extra 10gp for the refugee charity box! I dropped it in along with my tips from today. I did good. I got an extra 22gp & 56sp in tips alone! That oral technique really made the difference! They all seem to love it. Thanks for showing me! Anyways, Horace said he was gonna take up a collection in the barracks and bring it over next week."

"Well that's mighty kind of him." Gertie replied.

"Charity box... you help the refugees?"

"Certainly!" Gertie said dismissively.

"It's the right thing to do." Birdy added. 

As Shannon pondered this, Mary came out looking a bit flustered, or maybe perturbed.

"Gertie, Ah'm sorry ta say this in front o' company but we ha' a complaint w' th' gentl'man in Claire's room. Kin ye come speak w' him?"

"Who is it?"

"Well, tis th' Baron..."

"Oh for fuck's sake!"Gertie exploded. "That figures! What's his complaint this time? Oh nevermind Shannon, just spill it!"

"Well, 'e says Claire took 'is coin but won't do th' deed up the bum. He tried anyways an' she pulled the bell cord." 

"FOR ALL THE GODS! NO!, No way will she and he fucking knows that! Hell, I told him myself! I- aw hell, Look Mary, get Agnus to fetch him down here right now, buck naked if need be. I'm done with him."

Mary bustled off and soon there was a commotion inside. The noise and raised voices grew closer and a half naked Dwarf was tossed unceremoniously onto the porch by a huge woman Shannon first took as human, but her pointed ears gave away as half-elf. The Dwarf was sputtering curses and threats in a spit-laden tirade.

"Ah'll ruin ya! Ah'll go ta th' council! Ya see if'n Ah don't! Ah''l get the magistrates ta shut ye down! Ah'll-"

"No, no you won't," Gertie said all too calmly. "And here's why."

The old gnome pulled a small dagger from her boot and laid it on the table. It glowed a sickly green. The dwarf stared at it then stammered.

"A-Are y-ya threatenin' m-me? B-Because Ah 'ave powerful friends-"

"No. I don't make threats. I make promises. And I promised my girls a safe place to work without harassment. Now I told you that any sex act must be voluntary and some like it up the bum and some don't. Their choice. You coulda done Mary that way, but not Claire. She told you no before and I've told you not with her. So now we have to part ways. You are no longer welcome here. We don't want your coin. And if you try to take any action against me or my girls, someone, somewhere, some unexpected time will stick one of these blades in your belly. You see I have friends too. Far more than you do and they are the kind of friends that do this sorta stuff daily. So you can take your business elsewhere and leave us in peace, or..." Gertie picked up the dagger, "get your affairs in order."

The dwarf had paled and struggled to swallow. He backed away a step or two and croaked,

"Ye wouldn't... Not th' Order..." He hissed the word.

"We do considerable business with them, yes. Where do you think I got this blade?"

The dwarf was sweating now and nervously looking around. 

"Agnus, if you would be so kind..." Gertie said tiredly.

The half-elf moved faster than a snake and the dwarf was suddenly airborne over the porch rail. He hit the street and rolled. As he sat up a crowd began to form in front of the dwelling. Dwarves and gnomes alike appeared from other doorways and alleys. They were all looking at the Baron and none of them looked friendly. The dwarf grabbed his things and fled. Slowly the crowd dispersed. Agnus and Mary went back inside

Shannon stared at Gertie who seemed to sag and shrink back into her chair, exhausted.

"What? They trust me to keep them safe. Oh don't worry about the blade." she said as she thrust it back into her boot. It's a simple illusion I took as payment once, not poisoned or cursed. Only triggers if drawn from its sheath. Gosh, must be twenty years I've had it. But if folks believe it's real... well, it makes things like this easier."

"But the threat, excuse me, promise?"

Gertie sighed. "Well that's a bit of foggy truth shall we say. We do have couple of customers in that occupation from time to time, and one gal from there who knows she can pose as one of us if need be. No killin' in my place though. But..." Gertie looked Shannon in the eyes, "If anyone hurts one of my girls. I will personally slice his throat, in front of Bronzebeard if I have to."

Gertie sighed again, "That wore me out. Good night girls." She said and went inside.

Shannon sat with Birdy who was strangely quiet.

"Does this happen often? I mean trouble with customers?"

"No. Not often. Rarely in fact. But I believe she'd do it."

"Yeah, me too," Shannon said softly.

Birdy's room was small but nice. There was, of course, just the one bed but it was human-sized. There was more than enough room for the two gnomes. There was also a full-size mirror and a small table with two chairs and a wardrobe. Birdy had insisted on bringing a tray of cookies and a couple of drinks up with them. 

"Sometimes, especially if I've been really busy, I get the munchies in the night. Which side of the bed do ya want? I don't care myself. Just pick one or the other."

Shannon pulled off her boots and glanced up. Birdy was naked. Damn, that was fast! She thought. Then, Wait a minute, why is she naked? 

Indeed Birdy was totally unashamed of her nakedness and fussed about in total ignorance of the effect on her guest. 

"Birdy! Please!"

"What?"

"You're running around naked... Why are you running around naked?"

"Why not? I... OH! Oh no! Oh golly. I'm sorry Shannon. I didn't realize it might bother you. And NO, I am not hitting on you. If I WAS hitting on you, I'd wear something nice. No, see I just have only a few outfits and the less I wear them, the less they have to be washed, and the longer they last. It's much the same for most of the girls. So we lounge around off the clock in very little or nothing at all. It's completely normal for us. I'm sorry if I embarrassed you." She reached for her shift looking quite sad.

Shannon surprised herself, "No, it's alright. I mean, what's the point? I've already seen your body, so..."

Hopping onto the bed, Birdy fluffed a couple of pillows and leaned back against them. 

"I guess I should explain. Yeah we sometimes make good money, but rather than blow it on lotsa stuff, Gertie insists we put a lot in the bank. It makes sense. If we get sick or hurt and can't work, we'll need the money. When we do buy new clothes, it stuff to wear for the job, ya know? So we're all kinda used to nudity, and we consider ourselves a family of sorts with nothing to hide or be embarrassed about. I forget that not everyone thinks that way. I'm sorry I offended you."

Shannon looked at Birdy and saw not only true regret but sadness.

"It's...alright Birdy. The problem isn't you. It's me. I wish I felt as free and uninhibited as you. But my life has been different, so very different and I guess I owe you an apology."

"Golly, for what?"

"For judging you before knowing you."

"You mean because I'm a whore?"

Shannon looked down. "I was wrong to do that Birdy. You see, up till today, I'd never met... well, anyone in this business. I let what other people said color my perception. I assumed that all ... whores were nasty, cheap, lying thieves. Bad women doing bad things for gold. I never recognized them as real people with real lives, real problems, just like me."

It was quiet in the room for a minute.

"Well of course we're just like you. Look, I was an orphan. Gertie found me out near Loch Modan. She didn't have much, but she shared it with me and brought me to her place here in Ironforge. The girls became my family. But no one expected me to join them in the business. That was a choice I made. You see I have a problem, I want to please everybody. It's a deep, deep longing to make other people happy. I tried apprenticeships in several guilds and ended up dismissed within weeks. I got a job as a waitress but the boss said I was favoring the customers too much and when people get angry I take it personally and even break down and cry sometimes. I felt like such a loser. Finally, Gertie let me on as a hostess here. Just fetching drinks and welcoming customers and stuff. It was good, I liked it. I-I had a friend then, one of the girls here. Her name was Rita. Anyways, one night a customer was angry with Rita. He was wanting anal. Well, Rita had been sick and although she warned him... so it was nasty, and he was angry. Since Gertie was down in Stormwind and Mary was with a customer... I... I offered, I-I offered myself up. I-I was an adult, legal age and all but, I was a virgin. I didn't tell him that of course. I just stripped and bluffed my way through it." 

Birdy sat quietly for a minute, looking down. Shannon was surprised to see that when she did look up her eyes, although moist, were bright and happy and she was smiling.

"I liked it. I liked it Shannon. I made him happy, very happy and I had fun doing it! I said the right things, acted the right way, screamed and shouted to encourage him. And it wasn't faked. I actually liked feeling that gnome's tool up my ass. I rubbed my little clitty and climaxed when he did. He was more than satisfied. He tipped me a lot and made an appointment for the next week. Of course, Gertie wasn't real pleased with me but said I could continue to see him if all we did was anal. Ya see, she taught me and trained me on the oral stuff and the girl-girl stuff, but insisted that my pussy was off limits at first."

"Why?"

"Well she hoped I would give it to a guy I liked, but then he left and joined the Navy. Then we decided to auction off my virginity to raise money. But Gertie said bad guys would pay too much to get it and I would be hurt. So she sold raffle tickets to our best customers. The ones she trusted. A really nice fellow won."

"Oh geez! So you had to... have sex with him?"

"Actually no, he won but gave the night away to his son who had just come of age a few weeks before. So my first was also his first. It... it was nice. Later I studied under all the other girls and Gertie asked me if I was absolutely sure I wanted to do this. Shannon, I like this. I like being a whore. I like fucking and sucking and everything! It's fun most of the time and I get to make people happy."

Shannon sat and digested this unexpected point of view. She had questions, so many questions but was terrified to ask. Her own life had been so different. She'd grown up believing that sex was only for married couples to make babies. Then she and Felix had made love and she'd discovered how wonderful sex could be... only to lose it weeks later. Was that the reason she was so unhappy? She'd not had sex in, what? Three, no, almost four years! Shannon was so lost in her thoughts that she surprised herself when she voiced a question out loud.
