 I've had quite a bit of feedback about my Fallout stories. So as promised here is another. There will be more in the future and hopefully in a timely manor. Please comment/vote.

Mac

***

Agatha's door flew open and three men rushed in. They were hauling a fourth wounded man. Fear flooded Mur's gut at the sight of the men's body armor. Unique black combat armor with a white bird's claw painted on the left breast. Talon Company. Mercenaries for hire and reputedly the worst of the worst.

They gently set the wounded man on Agatha's bed. He groaned a bit but that was it. Mur could see that he had some kind of wound in his upper left leg. Probably a bullet considering they were mercs and this was the wasteland. It had been treated and was wrapped in gauze. It wasn't bleeding profusely but it was oozing and infection could set in quickly in the radiated ruins of the old world. 

"We need med supplies." One of them commanded Agatha.

Agatha who'd been playing a new piece of music for Mur, set her violin down and stood up, crossing her arms over her chest.

"You're not welcome here." She said stubbornly.

The man pulled his pistol out of the holster on his hip and pointed it at her.

"Damn it old woman, don't make me fucking kill you!"

Mur stood up and put her hand on Agatha's shoulder and squeezed.

"I've got medical supplies in my pack." She said to the man pointing the pistol at Agatha. "It's probably enough to keep your friend alive until you get where you're going."

"Fine. Get them." He commanded her, holstering his gun. "And hurry up about it."

Mur grabbed her pack off of Agatha's table and pulled out her small med kit, all under the scrutiny of the intense man. She brought the kit over to the men standing by the bed.

"Which one of you is the medic?" She asked.

"You're looking at him." One of them said, pointing down at the wounded man.

Mur wrinkled her nose and bumped the man who'd spoken. He moved out of the way and she bent over the injured man. He was classically handsome with a strait nose and knife blade cheekbones. The all American man that you saw on all of the old war posters. She could picture him leading men into battle and killing commies. 

She gently pulled the bandage back to have a look. It actually looked pretty good.

"It's been treated." She said mainly to herself.

"Yeah. Conn took care of it before he passed out." The man who'd moved away told her. "He used all of his stims to start the healing process."

Mur nodded. Stimpacks were good for healing but most people usually forgot to save at least one just in case of infection. She reached out and touched his forehead and pulled her hand back quickly, he was so hot. She popped open her med kit and injected him with a stimpack. And then another one just for good measure. She gently changed his bandage and then covered him with a blanket.

"You need to give him twenty four hours or so to get back on his feet." Mur told the intense man, assuming that he was leader of the small company.

He nodded and then looked over at Agatha.

"Caravans?"

"Nothing for a few days." Agatha said with an eye roll.

"Check the attitude old woman, I'm barely holding onto my temper as it is." The intense man growled.

"I'm going to go out and tend my garden." Agatha said and stomped toward the door. "Come on dear."

"The girl stays." The intense mad said leaving no room for argument.

Agatha huffed and threw her hands up in the air, exiting the small shack.

"Sit." 

The intense man barked the order at Mur and she went and took her place at the table again. He sat in Agatha's vacated chair and the other two just plopped on the floor next to the bed. Their hands rested on their guns and they looked like sentries guarding their fallen comrade.

"So, uh are you Agatha's grandkid or something?" The man who'd moved asked.

"She's one of those damn vault dwellers." The intense man said before she could answer. 

"How do you figure that commander?" The third man asked looking her over.

"It's that lily white skin." He reached out and lightly ran a finger over Mur's nose. "Have you ever seen a sunburned nose on a Wastlander?"

"I never have." The third man said thoughtfully and then asked, "So what's it like in a vault?"

Mur shuddered a bit. Just thinking about the vault made her break out in a sweat.

"Go into a large bunker and never come out." Mur told the men.

"Man that would suck." The third man said. "I'm Drake by the way. Drake Robertson."

"I'm Beck Sloan." The man sitting next to him said. "And that's Commander Wyatt Thane. And of course you met Connor. He's Wyatt's brother."

Wyatt just leaned back in the chair and closed his eyes.

"Don't get chummy with the vault dweller." He told the men and then changed his mind, opening his eyes to look at Mur.

He looked nothing like his brother. He was handsome in a square jawed harsh kind of way. His skin was darkly tanned, as per wasteland standards, and his hair was black. His eyes were a bit disturbing though. They were a turbulent blue gray that didn't seem to match the rest of him.

"What's your name?" He asked.

Mur opened her mouth to reply when Conn started groaning a little bit. She got up and went to check on him. She was very aware of Wyatt getting up and moving to stand stiffly behind her as she put her hand on Conn's forehead.

"The stims are working already. He feels quite a bit cooler." She said and then pushed her hand under his neck. "Help me sit him up and one of you grab a bottle of water out of my pack."

 Wyatt reached down, grabbed the front of Conn's armor and hauled him into a sitting position.

"Fuck Wyatt take it easy." Conn grumbled as he opened his eyes.

"Here." Beck handed her a bottle of open Aqua Pura.

"Drink a sip at a time." Mur told Conn gently.

When he was done he turned his head away. Beck took the bottle back. Conn looked at Mur with those same stormy eyes that his brother had.

"Well, hello there beautiful."

"Well, hello there handsome." She said back with a chuckle. 

"So I'm still alive then." He smiled.

"What makes you think I'm not an angel?" She asked.

Wyatt chuckled behind her.

"Because all of us Talon Company mercs are hell bound." Conn said and closed his eyes.

Mur laid him back down gently and he seemed to nod off right away.

"With the way that he's improving you might be able to move him in twelve hours." Mur said turning to look up at Wyatt.

"No. We'll stay until he's well."

There was no way in hell that Wyatt was going to take a chance with Conn's health. He went and sat back down in his vacated chair.

"Come and sit back down." He commanded her.

Mur raised an eyebrow but did as he said. 

"Name?" He asked.

"Oh. Mur."

"Mur?" He asked with a sneer. "Short for?"

"Nothing. Just Mur." She hedged a bit.

"I don't like liars and I don't like being lied to." Wyatt leaned forward and looked at her with eyes that had gone from turbulent to downright frightening. "So please. Lie to me again. Go ahead."

"My name is Persephone but when I was two my father started calling me Murphy."

"Why?" Beck asked.

"Murphy's law." Conn said from the bed. He turned his head to look at her. "Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Are you clumsy?"

"You have no idea." She said with a blush.

Conn smiled and closed his eyes.

"I like Mur. It's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl." He told her. "Don't mind Wyatt. He's just worried about me."

"No, he acts that way all the time." Beck said and Drake nodded.

"They complement each other really." Drake told her.

"Two sides of the same coin." Conn said with a laugh.

"I wouldn't know that you're brothers accept you have the same color of eyes." Mur said. "Your personalities seem very different too."

"I'm the sensitive one." Conn said with a charming smile. 

"What are you then?" Mur asked Wyatt.

"I'm the sadistic one." He told her leaning back and closing his eyes. "Conn get some rest, we can't stay here too long."

"Did I mention that I hate Super Mutants." Conn grumbled, ignoring his brother's order.

"They're not all bad." Mur said.

All of the men looked at her as if she'd lost her mind.

"Well it's true." She said stubbornly. "There are two very wonderful Super Mutants that live in Megaton."

"How can you be on good terms with Super Mutants?" Drake asked with disgust.

"Fawkes and Uncle Leo are different than the others of their breed. They're kind and warm hearted. They think before they act." She made a face. "And they don't eat people."

Every one of the men gave a shudder. All of them had encountered a Super Mutant gore bag at some time or other. A few months ago Wyatt had almost ended up in one himself. He'd been ambushed and knocked unconscious by a couple of Mutants. If it hadn't been for Conn tracking the Mutants and busting through the door at the last moment he would have been mutant meat.

"You guys can't be bothered by that." Mur stated.

"Why not?" Beck asked.

"Because you're Talon Company."

"And?" Drake asked.

"Well you guys are the worst of the worst. You take the contracts that the other mercs don't."

"We may take the contracts that the other mercs don't but that's it. We find our quary and make our kills. We're not like raiders. We don't torture and mutilate our victims. You won't find bodies on hooks and skeletons lying in pools of blood around our home." Wyatt said setting Mur strait. 

"Yeah, you ever been to a raiders camp before?" Drake asked, wrinkling his nose. "Man that shit stinks!"

Beck retched a bit at the thought of it. Agatha came back in and went to her rocking chair, ignoring the men in the room. She sat down and covered herself with a worn quilt.

"How's the garden coming along Agatha?" Mur asked.

"Oh, it's coming along wonderfully." Agatha told her with a smile. "Everything is growing like a weed. But it's all very large."

"It's the radiation in the soil mutating it. It's really nothing to worry about." She told the old woman. "Some of the things that we're growing in Megaton are coming out in giant proportions too. It's more food for everyone. How's the purifier holding up?"

"That's doing well too. I haven't had any problems. It's so nice to have clean water at hand all the time."

"Good. I'll make sure to have a good look at it in the morning before I head back to Megaton."

"Purifier?" Conn asked curiously from the bed.

"Yeah. There were ten of us that left the Vault around eight months ago and made our way to Megaton. A couple of us got together with Nathan the old man that runs the water processing plant there. We studied Aiden's father James's work on the big purifier and reverse engineered it to make a smaller version for Megaton. After that we made an even smaller version that Agatha has agreed to test out for us."

"So you're an egghead." Wyatt commented.

"A cute egghead." Conn said with a chuckle.

Mur smiled but didn't miss the serious look that passed between the two men. For some reason she felt that it didn't bode well for her.

"So Megaton doesn't need the Aqua Pura anymore?" Drake asked.

"We still take small shipments for drinking because a lot of the water we purify is going to the gardens and such."

"Enough." Wyatt told them. "We need to rest. Drake you're first guard shift. Two hours."

"Yes sir." Drake said and got up to go put his back to the shack's door.

"Beck you're second and I'll be third."

"Yes sir." Beck said, making himself comfortable against a wall.

Mur grabbed her jacket off the back of her chair and wrapped herself in it. Then she got up and went to sit in front of the bed. She put an arm on the bed and laid her head on it, closing her eyes. She felt Conn's hand move a bit and stroke her hair for a second and then stop. She didn't mind. People who were injured usually needed some kind of comfort.

Wyatt got up from his chair and went to sit next to Mur which put his head close to Conn's shoulder. He leaned back and lightly rested his head against his brother.

"I'll be okay." Conn said to Wyatt in Russian, the native tongue of their father.

"I know. I'm still entitled to worry." Wyatt said back.

"What about the girl?" Conn asked. 

"We'll take her with us. We could use a water purification system at the bunker."

"Yeah, not having to hunt down or buy so much water will ease the strain on the whole company." Conn chuckled quietly.

"What?" Wyatt asked.

"I want her. What about you?"

"Fuck yeah I want her. I want to shove my cock so far up her ass it's comes out her mouth." He turned to look at Mur. "I don't know about taking a woman back to the bunker though."

"Jabsco is dead and you're the commander now. Things are going to be different."

"Yeah, I guess."

"Stop doubting yourself brother." Conn growled a bit angrily. 

"Of course you're right." Wyatt laughed. "We're fucking Talon Company. We take what we want and we want her."

"I'll bet you ten caps she's got a nice tight pussy." Conn said with a yawn. "I can't wait to find out."

"Sleep for now Conn."

"Yeah." Conn let himself nod off knowing that Wyatt would protect him.

As soon as Mur's heart stopped racing and her stomach stopped jumping she let herself nod off too. It wasn't like she could actually do anything to change her situation. Not right now anyway. Aiden wouldn't come looking for her for at least a week if not two because sometimes she liked to wander a bit or she stayed with Agatha longer than expected, making sure that the old woman was comfortable.