 Second chapter. Three is in the works. I'm going to try to keep it to one a week if not more. If you're looking for a quickie, sorry, I don't do fluff. Usually. But feel free to enjoy the story anyway. 

Mac

***

She woke when she felt Wyatt get up to take his turn at the door. Conn stroked her hair and shushed her until he fell asleep again. She looked over at Wyatt who just raised his eyebrows as if to tell her to go back to sleep. She closed her eyes and did just that.

She woke again when she felt Conn's hand touch her cheek.

"How many stims did you give me?" He asked quietly.

"Two." She answered.

"Do you have any left?"

"I have four. Are you feeling bad?" She asked sitting up strait to look at him.

"No. A lot better actually."

Wyatt got up from the door and went to kneel in front of the bed to look at Conn.

"What is it brother?"

"I'm getting a hinky feeling. I want to get out of here."

"You're not fully healed." Wyatt said with some worry.

"I'll limp my ass back to the bunker then." Conn growled.

"Is the feeling for us or this place."

"Us."

"All right let's blow." Wyatt said. 

"A hinky feeling?" Mur asked. "Really? It's the middle of the night."

"Last time I didn't listen to Conn about one of his feelings I was fourteen and almost lost my fucking leg to a Yao Guai." Wyatt said curtly with a glimmer of remembered ire. "Grab your shit. We're leaving." 

"What about Agatha?" She asked almost desperately.

"She'll be fine." Conn assured her.

He sat up and winced a bit but it wasn't too bad. Thanks to the stims his leg was almost healed. More stiff and sore than anything else. Conn thanked his lucky stars that the pre-war technology like stimpacks were still around. He'd still be limping his way to the bunker though. There was no way in hell he was staying here.

Mur got up and helped Conn to his feet. He put an arm around her shoulder and leaned heavily on her. She hoped he wasn't going to do it too long. He and his brother we both large men. Probably six four to her five four and they were heavily muscled.

Wyatt went and woke the others and they moved around as quietly as possible. Mur rolled her eyes but didn't tell them that an atomic bomb wouldn't wake the snoring old woman. Drake grabbed her pack off the table and held onto Conn while she put it on.  

When they got outside Wyatt went to the power source of Agatha's radio and pulled out the fission battery. Mur started to protest but Conn shushed her. Wyatt chucked the battery as hard as he could and Mur knew there was no way that the old woman would be able to find it. She also wouldn't be able to broadcast that Mur had been taken by Talon Company mercs. She'd just have to wait for someone to come and check on her or for a caravan to show up.

"Let's move out." Wyatt barked as he went to Conn's other side and took his arm around his shoulders, taking most of the weight off of Mur.

"Are we just going to stumble around in the dark?" Mur asked with agitation.

"The moon is full and there's no cloud cover. Your eyes will adjust soon." Conn said giving her arm a pat.

He was right of course. It was actually a fairly bright night. Conn's legs were long so even though he was injured they ate up the pavement, making great progress. After about an hour though Mur just stopped walking and Wyatt had ripped Conn's arm off of her shoulders before they realized it.

"I have to pee." Mur said standing very still, even though her eyeballs were bobbing and she just wanted to do the pee pee dance. "Bad."

"I've got to relieve myself too." Conn said sympathetically.

Everyone moved off to do their business, Mur behind a strategically placed thick bush. She knew better to try and run off though. She'd only been out in the Wasteland for eight months and these were seasoned soldiers that she was with. They'd hunt her down in a mere few minutes time and there was no telling what they'd do to her. 

Images of Wyatt and Conn doing some of those things they'd wanted to popped into her head. Knowing Wyatt he'd do it right there on the road with everyone cheering him on. She winced and her stomach jumped at the same time. She was such a pervert.

After a few minutes everyone was back on the road and Conn was now walking without assistance. Mur had to marvel at the wonder of stimpacks. They could provide almost immediate healing for minor wounds and a major one like Conn's could be healed in a matter of hours to days instead of weeks to months.

After about an hour of walking Drake's stomach growled loudly. He stopped and looked down at it with a grimace.

"I hate Super Mutants." Beck said when his stomach growled too.

Mur shook her head and pulled her pack off her shoulders and dug a large punga fruit out. She handed it to Drake and he pulled the combat knife out of the sheath at his shoulder and proceeded to cut the fruit up. She pulled out a bottle of Aqua Pura and passed it around while Drake passed the fruit out.

"I'm assuming Super Mutants stole your lunch money and gave you pink bellies?" Mur asked with a smile.

Each of the men started grumbling about Super Mutants again so Mur decided to take that as a yes. She started laughing and Wyatt walked over and stopped in front of her. He leaned down to look her in the eye and flicked the end of her nose.

"You think that's funny little sister?" He asked a bit of a Russian accent showing itself.

"Da, I do." She said and then in Russian, "I'm not the one who got my ass spanked by a Mutant. And speaking of asses, I'm not really into that kind of thing."

Wyatt stepped away, taken aback by her speaking to him in Russian. He looked over at Conn who was blushing a bright red. Mur shrugged her pack back onto her shoulders and started walking, not giving either of the men a chance to apologize. Not that they were likely to anyway. 

"Should we..." Drake trailed off.

"Go." Wyatt said with irritation. "We'll catch up with you."

Wyatt watched the other two men catch up to Mur and then turned to look at Conn.

"Wow. I've never been called out like that before." Conn said looking a bit confused.

"I can't believe she speaks Russian." Wyatt said with a shake of his head.

"Does this mean that we can't..."

"Of course not." Wyatt said with a laugh. "We'll just have to not spill our plans in front of the girl anymore."

"Wyatt, you know I like my women willing." Conn said to his brother.

"We both do, Conn." Wyatt stroked his chin a bit. "We still want her, da?"

"Da."

"So we either finesse her or tame her."

"I don't know Wyatt. Father always said taming was for women that you intended to keep. Is that something that you're really contemplating?"

"Da, it's crossed my mind. I'm tired of the hunt. I'm tired of paying for it. I'm tired of us not having our own woman. We're thirty three Conn. It's time to settle down a bit."

Conn rubbed the back of his neck. He'd been thinking along those same lines for almost a year now. It was something that he hadn't voiced to Wyatt yet though. 

"We're Talon Company." Conn said.

"So what? We haven't been the same since that damn vault dweller Aiden and those steel knights took out most of our people. Between those that haven't come back and those that left we're down to twenty mercs including us." Wyatt sighed. "All I'm saying is that things need to change. There are fewer of us. We have caps out the ass, so we can be a little choosier about the contracts that we take."

"We're going to have to be choosier because some of the others are thinking along the same lines."

"Why didn't they voice that to me then?" Wyatt asked angrily.

"Cause you're a wonderful leader but a little bit volatile sometimes."

Wyatt sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.

"How many?"

"All of them." Conn said with a shrug.

"All of them?!" Wyatt asked incredulously.

"Yeah. Well accept for that bitch Angel. All of the others have had brushes with death lately and then most of the base being wiped out on top of that. Well, makes you think. I'm kind of tired of so many close calls, especially this last one." He tapped his hurt leg. "You know the life expectancy of Mercs here in the Wasteland?"

"Yeah, you and I are practically old timers."

"Exactly. I definitely think that you and I are both on the same page. And the others are there with us as well."

"All right. As soon as we get back to the base we need to pull everyone back in and have a meeting. Let's let the others voice their opinions and then we'll go from there."

"Sounds good to me." Conn said slapping Wyatt on the back. "Now give me a shoulder so we can hurry and catch up with the others."

"Fine." Wyatt said and took Conn's arm around his shoulder and they started walking. "But we need to walk behind Mur for a bit."

"Why?"

"So we can get a really good look at her ass idiot." Wyatt said with an eye roll.

"Oh yeah. I forgot how much you like ass." Conn chuckled. "I'm surprised you don't go for men too."

"I've had a guy before."

Conn stopped walking mouth hanging slightly open.

"You have? When? Where? Who?"

Wyatt got Conn walking again.

"A couple years ago over in Rivet City. It was just someone passing through." Wyatt shrugged. "It was right after the bridge incident."

"Oh yeah." Conn said wrinkling his nose.

"You were laid up in the clinic. I was horny as fuck and he was willing."

"How was it?" Conn asked curiously. "Did you like it?"

"Meh. It was okay. He could have sucked the paint off the ship. I'm not one of those ass is ass guys though. It didn't take me very long to figure out that I may love ass but it's got to be a woman."

"Wow, you never said anything."

"It honestly wasn't that memorable."

"And you were afraid I'd give you shit about it." Conn said poking him.

Wyatt just laughed.

"What?" Conn demanded.

"How about you don't give me shit about the guy in Rivet City and I don't give you shit about Willow."

Conn sucked in a breath. He'd never told anyone about sleeping with the Ghoul.

"How the hell?"

"I have my ways." Wyatt chuckled evilly and then retched a bit in disgust. "By the way. Fucking eww."

"Yeah, you're telling me. I love Willow's personality but she was hard and squishy in all the wrong places. It was like..." 

"Ahh, no stop." Wyatt held up his hand. "You say one more word and I'll shoot you in your other leg."

Conn laughed.

"It didn't take me long to figure out that ghouls are definitely not my shot of vodka either." Conn said.

They both laughed about their "unique" adventures and put on a bit of speed to catch up with the others. They walked behind the other for aways and Wyatt watched the rhythmic sway of Mur's behind as if he were hypnotized. Mur turned her head to look back at the men and Wyatt looked up at her and winked. Her faced flamed and she sped up just a bit, getting ahead of everyone and then suddenly stopped dead when she heard a small chirp.

"What's wrong?" Wyatt asked quietly, catching up to her and pulling her back against his chest protectively.

She brought her arm up to look at a small red tick on her pip-boy and put her hand to the small plasma pistol at her hip.

"Fifteen yards strait up the road." 

She moved away from Wyatt, shrugged out of her pack, and pulled it open. She rooted around for a second and then came out with a plasma grenade. Wyatt grabbed the grenade and handed it to Conn.

"What other goodies do you have in there?" Wyatt asked with a smile. 

"Fire in the hole." Conn said and lobbed the grenade very accurately.

It rolled to a stop underneath a somewhat confused looking Yao Guai and detonated. Wyatt turned Mur at the last second and held her head pressed into his chest. 

"Hoo hoo! There's nothing left but pieces!" Drake said running over to give the things head a kick.

"Okay?" Wyatt asked pulling her away from his chest to look her over.

She nodded.

"Anymore?"

She looked at her pip-boy and shook her head.

"Okay, let's move out!" He barked at Drake and Beck who were happily kicking pieces of the Yao Guai. "Everyone stay close. Let's hope there aren't more in the vicinity."

"Nice throw Conn." Beck said.

"Thanks." Conn said with a chuckle.

They walked for close to twelve hours in total before Wyatt called them to a halt in front of a derelict power station.

"This is Power Station VAPL 58." Wyatt informed Mur. "We'll bed down here for a while. Beck, Drake, radroaches."

"Yes, sir." They both said. 

They pulled out their holstered pistols and went into the building. There was a shot and Beck came out holding a radroach by a hind leg.

"Just the one sir." He said setting it next to the door. "Drake can start a fire and I'll pull the meat off it."

Wyatt nodded and he, Conn, and Mur went into the building. Mur looked around while Wyatt helped Conn sit down on a mattress in one corner. Conn massaged his aching leg and Wyatt plopped next to him.

"Hey, Dean's Electronics." Mur said grabbing the small book off a shelf. "I haven't read volume 8. Awesome!" 

She plopped down in a derelict chair and started reading. It didn't take her long to lose herself in the book. 

"Do you speak any other languages besides English and Russian?" Conn asked getting Mur's attention.

"Sure. Gaelic, Chinese, and Pig Latin." She turned to look at them. "Ouyay areway othbay Erksjay andway I'mway otnay ettinglay ouyay anywhereway earnay ymay assway. Irtday agsbay."

She went back to perusing the book.

"You are both jerks and I'm not letting you anywhere near my ass. Dirt bags." Beck translated from the doorway. "Hey uh, Mur, do you have any spices in your bag?"

Mur stopped reading and opened a small pocket at the front of her pack and took out a small combination salt/pepper shaker. She tossed it to a grateful Beck.

"Why?" Conn asked her.

"What do you mean why?" She asked with a frown. "Have you ever tasted radroach without any salt and pepper?"

"No. Why do you speak so many languages?"

"Duh. I lived in a vault. It's not like there was much to do but study."

"Makes sense." Conn said.

Wyatt didn't say anything, just sat there.

"What are you thinking brother?" Conn asked after a few moments.

"I'm picturing my cock sliding in and out of her ass." Wyatt said with a grin.

Mur started blushing furiously and turned away to stick her nose in her book. She couldn't read a word though. She just kept picturing herself being held securely by Conn while Wyatt took her ass. It wasn't something that she'd ever considered herself doing before but now that Wyatt had planted the thought in her head. Well damn.

"Food's ready." Beck said bringing in hunks of Radroach on a stick and passing it around.

Mur pulled another punga fruit out of her bag and held it out to Beck who cut it up and passed it out as well. Then came another bottle of Aqua Pura.

"I don't suppose you have anything a little more stout in there do you?" Conn asked with a grimace as he rubbed his leg. "Some Vodka would be nice."

"No sorry. I can give you another stimpack if you want." She told him sympathetically.

"No, that's okay." Conn sighed. "I'll live."

"Yeah me too." Beck said tossing a chunk of meat into his mouth. "But I'm still going to drink myself into a stupor when we get back to the bunker."

The other men all nodded in agreement and Mur wrinkled her nose.

"What you don't like booze?" Wyatt asked with a raised eyebrow. "They probably didn't even have booze in your vault."

"They did actually." And she would know because her father was always the one to fix the still whenever there was a problem with it. "I just don't drink."

"You've obviously never had a well aged whiskey then." Drake commented.

"No." Mur laughed. "That's not it at all. I can't drink. I'm allergic to alcohol. I puke up any kind of booze that goes in."

"What about beer?" Beck asked.

"That's even worse." She made a face. "I puke up bubbles."

"That sucks." Beck said with a shake of his head. "I don't know what I'd do if I couldn't have a cold beer every now and then."

"You can't miss what you don't really know." Mur told him with a shrug.

They finished eating in silence each man thinking about what they wanted to do once they got back to the bunker. After they were done Conn groaned and rubbed his leg a bit. He crawled onto the mattress and fell back covering his eyes with an arm.

"I'm getting too old for this shit." He remarked.

The others nodded their agreement but didn't say much on the subject even thought Beck looked like he wanted to comment.

"I'll take first shift." Wyatt said. "Beck you're second and Drake you're third."

"Yes, sir." Both men said with a nod.

"We only have around six hours left to go, less if Conn's leg is better when he wakes up." Wyatt said calculating the time.

"Best make it six, commander." Drake commented and looked over at Mur.

"What?" She asked looking at Drake.

"You're legs are shorter than ours." Drake told her delicately.

He was right of course. Wyatt and Conn were six four, Drake was probably six three, and Beck was around six one or two. She shrugged. It really couldn't be helped. They were the ones who took her so they'd have to put up with her shorter gait.

"With the way that things are going we won't make it before dark." Wyatt said. "All of you get some sleep."

Drake and Beck settled back on the floor shutting their eyes. Wyatt shut the power station door plunging the room into darkness and put his back to the door. Mur's pip-boy light came on illuminating the room and drawing four pairs of eyes to her.

"What is it?" Wyatt asked with a bit of annoyance.

"I gotta pee." She said with hunched shoulders.

"Me too." Conn said, making her feel better. He got up and put out his hand. "Come on Mur you get my back I'll get yours."

She grabbed her pack and let Conn help her to her feet. Wyatt opened the door of the power station and escorted them outside. Mur went around a corner and did her business quickly fearing that the men would come around the corner at any moment.

She looked up as she finished buckling her belt when she heard a small chirp and turned her arm shining her pip-boy light off into the distance. She saw three mole rats headed her way at a dead run. She cocked head and watched the creature's progress. Wyatt and Conn walked around the corner to see what was keeping her. When they saw the mole rats in her light they pulled their pistols.

"Just watch." Mur said with a smile of anticipation.

Both men looked at her with confusion and concern but didn't shoot right away. When they got within ten feet of Mur the mole rats all slid to a stop two of them actually bumping into the third. They climbed all over each other, growling and started backing away slowly. Mur took a step toward them and they ran off as quickly as they'd come.

"What are you the mole rat whisperer?" Conn asked with a laugh.

"How the hell did you do that?" Wyatt demanded to know.

Mur opened her bag and pulled out a foot long, two inch around stick that had a noxious green substance on the end. She waved it under the noses of the two men who batted it away.

"Moira made this. It's a mole rat repellent stick. It's made from a combination of jet and psycho." Mur laughed. "It repels them alright. If you do manage to hit them with it they have an extreme reaction."

"What's that?" Conn asked.

"Well they start smoking and then their heads explode." Mur shrugged. "I haven't had one Mole Rat bother me since I started carrying it around."

"Fucking amazing." Conn said with a befuddled smile. "Let's get back in. I need to lie down."

They all went back to the power station and went inside. Conn dragged her over to the mattress and insisted she lay down with him. She didn't put up a fight though. She was tired from walking for so long that day. She snuggled onto his chest and let herself fall into the oblivion of sleep.