 Hey everyone, this one is a bit short but the next one will be longer and much hotter! Votes and Comments are welcome, I thrive on the encouragement.

Mac

***

Mur woke up in complete darkness. She was on her back, Conn on one side of her and Wyatt on the other. Conn was holding her hands above her head and lazily running his free hand over her stomach making it jump. Wyatt was holding a hand over her mouth and kneading her breast with his free hand. 

Mur made a small noise and Wyatt ran his hand down to wrap around her neck and squeezed just a bit. The message was clear. No noise. She nodded almost desperately and his hand stopped squeezing and went back up to cover her mouth again. He leaned over and kissed her nose.

"Good girl." He whispered so low she almost didn't hear him.

He stopped kneading her breast and started focusing on a nipple. He began circling it gently with his thumb and then more and more firmly until her nipples became rock hard pebbles. Her nipples had always been sensitive and just when she thought that the sensations couldn't get any better Wyatt pinched her nipple, making her shudder.

Conn slid his fingers toward the band of her pants and slipped his finger inside. He grazed her swollen clit once. Twice.

"Commander?" They all heard Drake ask quietly.

"Yes?" Wyatt asked calmly.

"It's time." Drake told him.

Wyatt and Conn sighed. Mur just groaned.

"Okay, everyone up!" He barked.

Wyatt and Conn let go of Mur and she took a few moments to regain her composure, reciting Newton's laws.

An object at rest remains at rest unless acted upon by a force. An object in motion remains in motion, and at a constant velocity, unless acted upon by a force.

Oh, they'd acted on her alright and her body was still in motion. She tingled from the top of her head down to her toes.

Ok, deep breath pervert. The acceleration of a body is directly proportional to, and in the same direction as, the net force acting on the body, and inversely proportional to its mass. 

Wyatt and Conn had definitely put force on her body pushing her towards pleasure.

When one body exerts a force on a second body, the second body simultaneously exerts a force equal in magnitude and opposite in direction to that of the first body.

Oh, she wanted to exert that pleasure-

Stop, stop, stop! 

"You okay?" Drake asked her.

She looked up at him.

"I'm fine." She gave him a wan smile. "I just want to sleep somewhere a bit more comfortable and safe is all."

"That's understandable." Drake grinned. "I don't suppose you have any more fruit left?"

She laughed.

"You lucked out. I have one more."

"Oh, you're so awesome!"

She gave him the fruit and he cut it up and passed it out.

Wyatt went outside to have a good look at the sun's position and Conn joined him.

"You're frowning." Conn commented.

"How's the leg?" Wyatt asked.

"It's good." Conn bounced a bit on it. "Doesn't even hurt anymore. The rest is what I needed most I think."

Wyatt nodded.

"I want to get home. We need to move fast." Wyatt looked back at the power station. 

"You're worried about pushing the girl too hard?" Conn asked.

"Da."

"She walked for twelve hours last night without a complaint." Conn reminded him.

"True."

"Mur!" Conn called out and she appeared in the doorway of the power station. He beckoned with a finger. "Come here little sister."

"What's up?" She asked coming to stand in front of them. "How's the leg?"

"It's good." Conn knocked his fist on his leg. "Right as rain."

"It doesn't rain the wasteland." Mur said.

"You've got a smart mouth." Wyatt said, flicking the end of her nose. "It's going to get you in trouble."

She didn't say anything to that just raised her eyebrows and looked at them expectantly.

"I know you didn't bitch last night but how's your endurance?" Wyatt finally asked.

"It's okay. Why?"

"Because we want to turn six hours into three." Conn said honestly. "We don't want to be out in the waste until two in the morning. There are some nastier things than us if you can believe that."

Mur rolled her eyes and pulled her plasma pistol out of the holster at her hip and pointed it at Wyatt. Both men stiffened and their eyes became hard, telling her that she'd better not miss and she'd better have a magic bullet that would hit both of them. 

Her pip-boy gave a small chirp and she moved the gun slightly to the left and fired three shots between the two of them. They turned to look behind them with wide eyes and saw the dead smoking body of a Yao Guai not more than twenty feet from them. They hadn't even heard the thing coming and it likely would have killed one if not both of them.

"Aiden found this little beauty in his travels. This is the MPLX Novasurge. It's similar to a plasma pistol but does three times as much damage." She put the pistol back in her holster. "I assure you that there may be nastier things than you but they're not going to get the jump on me."

"You could have used that on us at any point." Conn said warily.

"That would be stupid of me." She said to him as if he were actually the stupid one. "Even if I did manage to take out a few of you there are four of you and one of you was bound to blow my head off."

"How practical of you." Wyatt said nastily.

Mur shrugged and headed back into the power station.

"We'll make it in three hours as long as you let me pee first." She informed them.

"Crazy bitch." Wyatt mumbled looking back at the still smoking Yao Guai.

"Da." Conn agreed. "I like her."

They got started on their journey again after a few minutes and Mur was good at her word keeping up with the men. She was actually in really good shape being a runner. If she hadn't been studying back at the vault she'd been running or walking on one of virtual treadmills in the gym. She'd loved the treads. They were regular treadmills that had virtual reality goggles attached to them and they had been one of Mur's only escapes from the vault. 

And of course the only thing that she was weighted down with was her pack, not cumbersome combat armor, to Aiden and everyone else's everlasting chagrin. She didn't wear more than a bit of leather because she didn't want to be weighted down if she had to take off running because her pip-boy radar informed her that someone was in the vicinity. 

The rest of the journey was quick and thankfully uneventful. Wyatt was honestly a bit fearful that they might trip over yet another Yao Guai but they didn't. There had been a small pack of mole rats that had tripped over themselves trying to get away from the small group. When Drake and Beck voiced their astonishment Mur showed them the repellent stick.

"Hold!" Came the words as they walked up to the gate that guarded Fort Bannister, the headquarters of Talon Company. "Who goes?"

After the attack on the company by Aiden and the Brotherhood they'd buried their comrades, fixed the fence, and built guard stations. The guards had been outfitted with night vision goggles at Wyatt's insistence and he wasn't displeased to see that the men were actually using them.

"It's us. Stand down." Wyatt said to the soldier who'd appeared weapon at the ready.

The guard didn't stand down. He walked a bit closer to get a good look at the travelers before he put is assault rifle aside and pushed his night vision goggles up on top of his head.

"Sir." He said respectfully, as he opened the locked gate.

"You did good, Lipinski." Wyatt said to the guard. 

"Thank you sir." Said Lipinski, standing just a bit straighter. 

"How goes it?" Wyatt asked.

"Quiet night, sir."

"Good."

"Um, if you don't mind me saying so sir, you're back almost a day late." Lipinski said his tone implying that he'd been worried. He sounded a bit fake to Mur though.

"We got ambushed by Super Mutants and I took one to the leg." Conn told Lipinski with a grumble.

"And who's this?" Lipinski asked, leering at Mur.

He was a squat ugly looking young man and Mur instantly took a dislike to him. She'd caught Drake and Beck sneaking sideways glances at her but nothing like this man. She was completely repulsed by him and she'd bet her gun that he actually had a personality to match his looks.

"I'm with them." She said grabbing onto Conn almost desperately. 

Wyatt frowned and he wrapped an arm around her protectively. Lipinski was a bit abrasive and it took people a while to get used to his personality. The boy was damn handy to have in fight though, considering he was a crack shot with a pistol. 

"Some other time then." Lipinski said with a shrug and went to close and lock the gate behind the travelers. He flipped his goggles back down and went back to his post.

"Lipinski's okay." Beck said reassuringly but Mur shuddered a bit in spite of herself.

"Let's go." Wyatt said. 

He pulled Mur along with him, toward one of the new buildings that housed an entrance to the bunker. Aiden had been here ten months ago and he'd described the bunker in detail to her and a few of the others. This place didn't look a thing like he'd described.

There was a large unbroken chain link fence around the perimeter that had razor wire at the top. And guard post for the two entry gates that she could see. There also should have been several falling down ruins but there weren't any that she could see. Just what looked to be four new, large buildings.

"It's nothing like Aiden described." Mur said to Conn, who just smiled tightly.

"After your damn Aiden came in and took out a large chunk of our numbers we decided that a few things needed to change." He looked around and smiled with pride at the progress. "We've changed a lot. Tore down the old crumbling ruins and built new buildings. Put up a decent fence, built the guard post, and generally made the place less breachable."

"Something that Jabsco should have had us doing from the beginning." Wyatt said a bit angrily his accent showing itself.

The others nodded their agreement.

"I don't mean to speak ill of the dead," Drake said, "but Jabsco was an ass."

"Not to mention a coward and a braggart." Beck said sourly. "I don't think he even ever left the bunker."

The men were all starting to wear similar bitter faces and so she decided to change the subject.

"Where do you get your water from?" Mur asked.

"The bunker has its own well system." Wyatt told her. "It's been kept in good working order but we don't drink from it."

"Of course." She said. 

"We have to buy all of our drinking water and it's time consuming as well as expensive." Conn complained.

"You don't have any kind of purifier?" She asked with a frown?

"There is one but it doesn't work." Wyatt grumbled. 

"It does a bit." Beck said. "Just not very well."

"Maybe it's a filtration system and not a purifier." Mur said. 

"What's the difference?" Drake asked.

"Well, the old purifiers for places like this were more filters than anything else. They weren't really meant to pull that much radioactivity out of water. Especially not the kind from nuclear fallout. That takes some extra effort."

"So what do you need and how long will it take?" Wyatt asked.

"Well, if you're old purifier is still up and running, I can use that and just tweak it. Provided you have everything I need here, it shouldn't take me more than a week."

"And if we don't have everything you need?" Conn asked.

"Well then I'll have to make a list and we'll have to scour the waste to find what we need." She shrugged. "So it could take me a lot longer. Anywhere from two weeks to three months."

"Three months?" Wyatt thoughtfully rubbed his chin.

"Don't get your hopes up." Mur said, wrinkling her nose. "You guys are probably like every other wastelander I've come across and haven't even looked in any of the bunkers closets or storage rooms."

"That's not true." Beck said, defending everyone. "We've been through all of the closets and storage rooms."

"Yeah, looking for ammo and stims." Mur said unpleasantly. "Tell, me I'm wrong."

"Well..." Beck grumbled.

"Exactly, I bet I'll find everything here that I need." She sounded more confident than she felt.

Conn looked over at Wyatt and winked.

"Probably." Wyatt said flicking her nose. "However long you stay Conn and I will endure to make your visit a pleasant one."

"For who? You or me?" 

Wyatt opened the door to the building that they'd just arrived at.

"More than likely for us." Conn told her with a laugh as he ushered her into the building. "Welcome to Fort Bannister Mur."