 ***So you are probably tired of seeing this but all the characters involved sexually are 18 years or older. It also contains violence so you've been warned. Also, I do apologize for the short chapters... Its just how I write.***

Michael dreamt that he was still in his new hotel room. He was standing by the door and looked over the suite. He scanned around the small, simple room and noticed smoke curling off of the ceiling. Some of the furniture would distort and change into something entirely different which made the whole room look like it was shifting around.'That's a little weird' he thought. His eyes drifted over to the bedroom and walked through the doorway to find out that he wasn't alone in the product of his imagination.

There she was, a natural beauty in nothing but undergarments, laying down on his bed. He could see the wild look in her eyes when she smiled at him lustfully. There was fire burning in them, which scared Mike a little. Jules acted gentle when he was talking to her yesterday, but now, It looked as if she wanted to dominate him, which didn't really appeal to Michael. He wasn't totally against it, but being bounded by ropes, was not his cup of tea.

She brushed her silky smooth hair out of her face which made Michael want to immediately fuck her as hard as he could. She bit her perfect lips, as if anticipating him to do just that. Her lips were the perfect ratio, full but not overly so. They looked very soft, warm and welcoming.

'Maybe she should suck his cock. She must know that she's driving me insane.' Mike thought.

Michael felt the warm breeze coming through his window. He felt it touch all of his skin as if he was naked. Michael looked down and he was indeed, completely naked in this dream. He could feel his cock so erect that it hurt. Trying to survive out in the wild doesn't really give you time to inspect your body. Thus, Michael was very surprised to see that his strong, veiny penis was 9 inches long. It was circumsized, and had a bit of girth to it.

'What a pleasant surprise!' Michael noted.

He smiled mischievously and looked up at Julia to see what her reaction would be. Her eyes were glued to his dick. This made Mike a little self-conscious but also confident at the same time. It gave him power to know that she was impressed by his dick, but also that she might think it was too big as well.

She raised her eyebrows and looked into his eyes with her wild, but loving gaze. She slightly tilted her head. She was trying to look innocent, and Michael would have believed her but part of him knew she craved to have a cock in her.

She spread her legs open and slid one hand into her white, laced panties. Michael could see her tracing her small mound then stop and start circling around her clitoris. He saw her mouth hanging open as she let out a whimper. That pretty much made his heart explode. Her soft voice moaning in pleasure sounded so sweet. She wasn't vocal, but she wasn't silent. Once again, she was the best of two worlds. She stopped and slowly removed her hand from her sex. She brought her hand to her mouth and licked the pussy juice from her beautiful digits. He saw that she painted her nails a bright pink, which made her look like a little school girl. That sent Michael's brain whirling with fantasies.

She circled her clit faster then slowed down and gently brushed it with her finger tips. She shivered and slowly pulled down her panties to make room for both hands. Michael stepped a bit closer to see Julia's flawless peach. It was a beautiful shade of pink and looked drenched. She had just the right balance of pubic hair and radiated the most delectable scent. It was kind of musky but very gentle. Mild.

His hands went down to his dick and gasped it, rubbing it up and down. He didn't know you could give yourself pleasure, as he rubbed it faster.

'Woah, that feels good!' He thought.

Jules started to rub her clitoris relentlessly, while her other hand slowly worked its way up to her generously filled bra and...

"Beep-beep-beep-beep!"

Mike jumped out of bed and aimed his revolver at the locked door. He looked around the room for awhile before he convinced his instincts that he was safe. He was always on the edge. Living on the road taught him that he was blessed for being paranoid. Sometimes looking over your shoulder a few hundred times saved your life.

"Beep-beep-beep-beep!"

Michael pressed the screen on his wrist device multiple times and the alarm shut off.

He laid down his revolver on the sheetless bed. He looked down to see the sheets wrapped around his ankles. He must roll around a lot when he sleep. He undid the sheets and looked at himself in the mirror. His eyes intentionally looked past the tattoo on his arm but traveled down to the device on his wrist. The clock said it was 5:00 a.m. He then stood on his tippy toes and leaned slightly forward. He fell foward but caught himself at the last second and started to begin his daily push ups. He wasn't really sure why he did this or when he had began.

After he was finished he raised to his feet and once again looked in the mirror. Perhaps it was to maintain discipline so he could be a better fighter. Either way, it didn't make him very happy to do something physically demanding at this ungodly hour.

He then sat back on his bed and unloaded his pistol. He usually cleaned his gun every morning and night. He was pretty sure he could use it as a mirror now, the black metal reflected the light and he couldn't see any scratches. He turned the revolver over to see the name engraved down the length of the barrel. 'Michael Damik' was written in cursive. The writing had fancy and exaggerated curves and loops that led Mike to think who ever wrote it must have been of the highest class.

Afterwards, he would count the number of bullets he had left. Then he would go on to sharpening and oiling his knife. His hands moving mechanically as he did his daily upkeep.

He then thought about what the King said. Michael wandered what type of jobs the King would have for him. Probably something to do with killing, which made him settle down a bit. At least it was something he was familiar with.

Next, he thought about watching Jules touch herself while looking at his pulsing cock. Well, in his dream anyway. He could remember every little detail about it. He could easily picture her face in his mind. Which really said a lot, since he suffered from amnesia. She was so solid. Like a foundation for his shifting life.

'Woah! That makes a lot of sense.' Mike thought, ' She is the foundation for my shifting life.'

He repeated this in his mind several times. Part of him thought it was kind of silly, since he didn't really know her that well, but it felt perfect to be in love for the first time. He felt like he would do anything just to touch her hand or be in her presence. His stomach had butterflies dancing around and fluttering against his nerves. He really hoped they would be together forever.

He could take her west. He could build the sturdiest fortress just for them, even earthquakes wouldn't shift the foundation. He would set up a system to keep them supplied for the rest of their happy lives, to somehow, have fresh food and water on the table everyday. He would do it all for her.

A knock at the door disturbed his thoughts. A soft voice, muffled by the door, said, "Hey Mikey, I brought you breakfast!".

Michael's ears perked at the sound of the feminine voice. He rushed over and opened the door. Julia was wearing another sun dress that complimented her shape. It resembled the sky on a partially cloudy day. Some deep blues, covered a smoky, white cloud. The white contrasted with her perfectly tanned skin. Her hair had one braid running through it. Her eyes looked bright and energetic. One of her beautiful legs jittered, like she might have had too much coffee.

'That or she is just excited to see me.' Mike hoped it was the latter.

Her cheeks turned a little red when she looked at his muscular chest. Her eyes took in the bulges of muscle that were threaded with veins. She looked down further and saw the startling tattoo on his arm.

She managed to say, "I'm so sorry to have interrupted you. I just thought you might be hungry and well, the King told me he wanted you up and early so he could talk to you more about your payment for staying here."

Michael wasn't really sure what she was embarrassed about until he looked down at himself and saw he was only in his boxers. He stuttered, "I, uh, was just; I just woke up."

The two didn't make eye contact and stood awkwardly waiting for someone or something to save them from this encounter.

Mike finally mustered enough courage to say, "You look very pretty in that dress. I mean you would look amazing in anything really! You are kind and sweet and..." Mike shut his mouth because he realized he was babbling.

Julia smiled one of her heart stopping smiles and said, "Aww, thanks. And you are very handsome, in a rugged sort of way."

He stood there quietly because he wasn't sure if that was a complement or not.

"Sorry, I meant that you are very pretty too." She corrected herself.

Mike knitted his brows, trying to think if she was making fun of him. He took the plate and cup that she had been holding and mumbled something that sounded like 'Thanks'. He closed the door and went over to his bed to eat. He looked down at the plate that was mainly composed of fruit and salted meat, such as jerky. He looked inside the cup and saw a translucent fluid that looked orange. He tasted it and it was very rejuvenating and gave him a little energy. He quickly ate the meal and got dressed.

***

"I'm so stupid!" Julia said to herself as she walked back to the kitchen.

"You don't have to tell me, I already know, sweety." A gruff feminine voice said rudely.

Julia knew the owner of the voice. Anna was one of the older workers for the King. She was usually around the hotel, bossing people around. Everyone else thought she was bit of a bitch but Julia had grown to like her. They had been friends for quite awhile.

"Shut your whore mouth Anna." Julia said jokingly. She was slightly agitated because she wanted to think about Michael.

"What's the matter? Did you not get the new guy to fuck you in the ass?" Anna said back in a ridiculous tone.

Anna was in her 40's but still acted Julia's age. Julia thought that Anna never grew up, because she never had any kids.

"None of your business, slut." Julia responded.

"Well, that's the last time I will try to help you." Anna said sarcastically.

"No it isn't." Julia said with a smile. She walked over to clean the dished. She usually had a lot of time to think when she was doing chores.

'I pretty much screwed up her only chance at knowing Michael.' Julia thought. 'I've lived around other people my whole life and I couldn't talk to the guy I like.'

After her chores, she walked to the workers quarters, which were consist of several not so nice rooms down a poorly lit hallway. Julia's room was the farthest door on the right. She unlocked the door, as she had several times before. She walked to her bed and collapsed with a sigh. She usually kept her room pretty clean, but recently, some trash and clothes found a way to scatter here and there. She took off her flats and rubbed her aching feet. This made her groan in relief.

'If only I could have someone else do this for me.' She said to herself. Which lead her to thinking of Michael, with his shirt off, massaging her legs. She slowly moved her hands up her soft flawless legs. Imagining that Mike was doing it got her to relax. His firm, callused hands slowly rubbing out all her discomforts.

Julia's mind drifted to when they met that morning. How he had opened the doors and stood there almost naked in front of her. She wondered if he intentionally tried to get that muscular or if it was just from living in the wild. He had broad arms and shoulders which were balanced out by his muscular thighs and calves. His mid section was solid and he had washboard abs perfectly proportioned to the rest of his body. He must have weighed quite a lot because of how much muscle mass he had.

She dreamt of him, effortlessly picking her up as if she weighed nothing, carrying her to his bed. Softly laying her down and expertly pleasing her while she pleased him. He would want her to get off before he did because he acted with selflessness. He would take care of her and wouldn't let her be harmed in any way.

He was perfect for her in every way. He was so beautiful; his hardened features seemed to soften when he looked at her. His beautiful eyes would get big when she would laugh or talk to him. They were more precious and valuable than any rare gem. Her next favorite, was his smile. It was small and pleasant, and made her forget how to breathe. His teeth were perfectly straight, and his lips were extremely kissable. On his bottom lip, he had a little scar running across it diagonally. Next, was his nose, which was strong, straight and defined. It caused him to look watchful and determined.

She didn't notice that her hands had drifted down to her thighs and were dangerously close to brushing over her snatch. She wanted to talk to him right now. She wanted to be with him the whole day, but knew it would be several days before she would see him again. She sighed once more and slid both her hands down her pants and continued to think of Mikey.

***

After Mike was finished with his breakfast, a servant fetched him for the King. Michael was led back to the room where he first met the King. When the doors opened the King, and some of his armed guards, stood in the room in silence.

"Come closer, my friend." The King demanded. "I have arranged a little test to gauge your potential. Hopefully, you left your weapons in your room."

"Yeah, thought it wouldn't be that smart approaching a king while armed." Michael stated.

"Well, you thought correctly. First, I want you to change out of that manky outfit. It smells terrible but don't worry, I think I may have something your size." With that the King waved his hand and a servant opened the door on cue and led him to what must have been the King's bathroom.

It was modern and smelt of soap. It had a shower with a gold frame that supported two glass doors. The countertop was made of quarts and had a gold trim. On the opposite side of the shower was an giant antique mirror, which was the only object that stood out. Michael looked at the mirror for awhile.

He joked to himself, 'Just in case you want to check yourself out when you are showering.'

The servant then handed him a small pile of clothes and walked out the door. Mike closed the door and set the clothes on the sink. The clothes were simple and made of tough materials. Both were a light shade of vanilla. The shirt was long sleeved and had buttons running down one third of the length. He quickly changed into them and found it very comfortable.

He walked back into the King's room and the old man said, "Ahh, there we are. You look a lot better. Now, please stand in the middle of the room. Three of my best men will surround you. Defend yourself!" The King yelled.

With that they rushed Mike with their fists up. The man in front of him was the first to go down. Michael met him half way and did a quick knee stomp. The man grunted in pain and knelt on the floor. Michael grabbed the man's arm and swung it over his shoulder, so the man was on Mike's back. Mike squatted down and straightened up with lightning speed causing the poor guy's arm to dislocate.

The second and third men were on him immediately. One of them tried to land a kick on Mike's chest but he caught the foot and lunged forward, sending the man sprawling. He rushed over to where the man landed and gave a few violent kicks to the guy's head. The last attacker backed off and shifted his weight so he was in a defensive stance. Mike swung his fists and boxed the guy's ears. The move was pretty cheap but it gave him an edge. The man responded with upper cuts to Michael's diaphragm, which caught Mike off guard. Any untrained man would have been all but dazed by Michael's move but this guy was tough as nails. The attacker stepped back a couple steps for Mike to recover. Which revealed, that this guy was probably disciplined. Mike personally, liked to be defensive in a situation like this. It seemed like he was trained for defensive fighting, but he couldn't recall much.

Michael lowered his stance, charged, and slammed into the last guy. Mike drove the guy to the ground and scrambled behind him. He put the guy into a sleeper hold and slowly tightened his grip. After a few minutes he let go of his victim and laid him gently on the ground. He checked the guy's throat to see if there was any obvious damage. He felt bad for the guy since he was a better fighter than the other two.

"Well done, chap. Well done. Those were the best of the best. Maybe you could train them!" The Ruler jokingly said.

"Sir, I would, except I can't remember how I was trained. I suffer from amnesia." Mike said "It's more of relying on instincts than remembering how to do certain moves."

The old man laughed thinking it was a joke but Mike just starred at him for a couple moments.

"Oh, I see. That's a bit of a problem, isn't it?" He said. "Anyway, I will give you a week to know your way around the city and to socialize with it's people."

"Thank you, Sir. That means a lot to me, aaannd I guess I will see you next week." Mike responded.

Michael then went for the door and stopped before he opened it. "Where could I find one of your servants? She goes by the name of Julia." He said to the King.

The Ruler raised his hand and said, "Show him to the Worker Quarters." He looked at Mike and gave him a small wink.

The servant lead Mike back toward his room, except she went pass his door. She hung a left at the end of the hall and Mike could easily see how much the conditions worsened. There was mold growing along side the walls and most of the lights in the hall were smashed or burnt out.

"Wow, he definitely takes care of his servants well." Mike said. He was totally astounded by it. The King seemed rather polite. To him at least.

"Would you treat us differently if you had that much power?" The servant asked sarcastically.

"Good point. But how much power does he hold?"

"His kingdom stretches for miles. He has walls running along his border. He has brought the people safety but he has set up a monarchy. The people's opinions don't matter." The servant answered him.

Michael responded with a, "Hmm." He would have said more but he didn't know how to run a kingdom, nor did he plan to.

"You must be Mike. I know Jules quite well. I'm Anna." Anna said.

"Oh, nice to meet you Anna" Mike said politely.

Well, Julia should be in there." She said while she pointed towards the door at the end of the hall.

"Thank you so much!" Mike said, as even the thought of seeing her got him worked up.

Michael walked to the door and looked behind him because he didn't hear Anna walk away. He saw her leaning up against the wall, and she didn't look like she was going to move. Mike looked back at the door and cleared his throat nervously.

Mike knocked on the door. No answer. He knocked once again, still nothing. Anna said from her spot by the wall, "Just open the door."

He kind of regretted doing it. Kind of. But he opened the door and stepped inside. His eyes adjusting to the darkness, he saw Julia sitting on her bed with only her bra on and she was midway into pulling up her pants. Even from a couple feet away, Mike could see that Julia was drenched in sweat. They both starred at each other with surprise. He could hear her breathing heavily. He couldn't think of what she was just doing. Sit ups?
