 *** The next two days seemed to be the longest for Julia. The upkeep of the hotel had her on her feet most of the 48 hours. She was weary and tired both physically and mentally. The servant would fall onto her bed around midnight, tired and sweaty. There, in her small and cramped room, she would try to calm down the emotions that were boiling up. Julia could feel the tension, if she waited another day she would explode. She needed an outlet...

"Hey babe, how are you feeling?" Anna asked when she pushed open the door.

"I could scream. I need a break from being the King's maid." Julia said with he face pressed up against her pillow.

"I know, hun." She said it with a concerned tone in her voice, "It can be hard sometimes, but we need to be strong."

"Why can't we just leave?" Julia could even hear her whiny tone. "The King doesn't care about anyone. He just fucks that whore behind his wife's back. Everyone knows it! I don't see why he got to be king..."

"We can't just leave." Anna said while she walked over and sat next to Julia, "Because we are safe and we have food and water. We might not like the King but we need to repay him with our service."

Julia looked over at the middle-aged woman. Julia wondered what she would do without her. Anna probably hated the King more than anyone else but she was very good at controlling her feelings. Anna might have been immature at times but she was very level headed and smart. She always had all the answers to Julia's questions.

"Anna, I love you. I just feel so overwhelmed. I have all these feelings inside and I can't get rid of them." Julia said. She could say anything to Anna, she trusted her completely.

"Well, we could start swimming on our free time. Exercise helps a lot for relieving stress." Anna said.

A image popped into Julia's head, it was Anna wearing a skimpy bathing suit that couldn't hold up her large breasts. Julia could feel herself getting moist in between her legs.

"Sure! That sounds great!" Julia replied excitedly.

"How about tomorrow around 9?"

"9... In the morning?" Julia said curiously. It was a silly question because their chores started well before 9 a.m.

"No stupid, in the evening. That way it will feel a lot better!" Anna said as she ran her hands through her blonde hair. She then stood up and walked to the door, anxious to go to bed. The long days had taken a tool on her too.

"Thanks Anna." Julia said before Anna left. "Could you possibly go talk to Mike and see if he and I could meet up together some day?"

"Sure, honey." She replied with a yawn.

***

Mike didn't do much for the next two days. He did, however, learn that there was a shooting range and spent most of his time there. One of the soldiers he combated in the King's room paid him a visit and told him that he would show him if Mike would teach him how to fight. The soldier stood roughly at 5'10 and was lean and muscular. The man had dark, red hair that matched his goatee. The man said his name was Charles Allen and that he was the last man that Michael had fought. Mike, being anxious to make a new friend, promised to teach him everything he knew if Charles took him to the range. It was sort of far away and it took him nearly thirty minutes to walk there.

At the actual range there wasn't much to see. There were cinder blocks stacked up about three feet high with sand bags on top of it. There were pieces of rubble that soldiers were sitting on so they could rest their rifles on the sand bags. Downrange, Mike could see pieces of rusted metal hanging on a wire. On the pieces of metal, there were three circles spray painted onto it, each circle getting smaller until the bullseye.

Charles said, "Here, you might want to put these on." With that he handed Mike a pair of ear buds that looked surprisingly clean. Charles then asked if he could walk back to the hotel by himself. Mike said yes and the red headed soldier left for the barracks.

On the next day, one of the male servants gave Michael some swim trunks and said it was a gift from the King. 'I don't like it.' Mike thought, 'I really don't want this old fuck to give me anything.' But regardless Mike went swimming that day and he was terrible at it. He would try to flail his limbs to keep him afloat in the deep end but would fail. He did have large lung capacity though, which enabled him to stay down in the water. He might need someone to teach him how to swim...

He got out of the pool dripping wet, dried off, and got dressed. He then headed off for the smithy. He made a quick stop to get his pack that contained the extra scraps of metal. He walked across the dusty streets that were covered with more sand than usual. He pressed his hand against the shemagh wrapped tightly around his face. He didn't notice right away but there was a massive sand storm far off to the West. It was a giant column of sand that stood higher than the skyscrapers. Mike was more than glad that it wasn't anywhere close to the city but it still made the weather rather gusty.

He walked up to the homemade shack composed of metal plates and wood. The top of the shack was made up of two large pieces of tin that were wielded together. At the side of the hut, there were several rows of fire bricks and smooth stones that housed the forge's fire. An older man with a long, grayish beard pumped air into the fire. Mike could feel the blaze become hotter from where he was standing.

"So you are heating up the forge just for me?" Mike said with a slight grin.

"Ahh, you bet! You are one of my favorite customers, and well, the only one who knows something about metal other than me." The smith said.

Mike chuckled and said, " I got some good shit for yah!"

"You always do Mikey!"

"I found it inside the factory over yonder. I picked up a few pieces of scrap. It looked like decent quality stuff." Mike said.

Mike pulled off his pack and took out the pieces. He showed them to the blacksmith and asked, " What do you make of it? Is it enough to make a sword out of?"

"You said you found this at the factory!?"

"Yeah... Why? What's up?" Mike said with curiosity.

"These are composed of a newer alloy that they made before the fall. It has the hardness of diamonds. Instead of carbon mixed with iron... They mixed it with umm... Hell what was it?" The smith was stuck in thought but then shook his head.

"Well fuck. I had it on the tip of my tongue, Mike! Anyway it was a new natural element. Its almost indestructible!" He continued.

"Could you melt it?" Mike asked.

"Yes! I can! It has the same melting point as steel. Quite magnificent isn't it. I will make you a sword if you take me to that factory of yours." Smithy said.

"Deal, my old friend. Deal." Mike said in a happy tone. "Here are the measurements and blue prints of the sword."

Mike had drawn a sketch earlier that day with the hotel's pen and paper.

"Ahh this looks nice! It has a perfect curve in the blade and the ratio of handle to blade is almost golden. Didn't know you were a blade smith..." He said.

"Yeah... Neither did I." Mike said with a smile and walked away from the forge. He wasn't sure what the King would allow him to carry when he was out doing "chores", but he sure hoped a sword would pass. By the time he got to his room he was very sleepy. He looked at the clock and it said it was only 7: 30. He closed his eyes anyways and drifted off to sleep.

***

The next day he woke up in the same usual manor. He would jump out of bed and almost shoot the door. He got dressed quickly and gathered all of his traveling gear. He made sure he had his gun and knife on his belt. He walked to the commons of the hotel to grab some fresh fruit. Since he wanted to go to the factory early he grabbed two apples and ran for the forge.

He got there to find the old man already equipped with a pack and a mean looking spear. With a nod, the smith led the way to the city's gates. Once the gate was opened slightly, the two men walked down the street. Mike remembered where the door to the factory was and drew his revolver. He cautiously walked into the factory and led the old smith to the conveyor belt. The old man's eyes got wide as he saw the abundance of the strong metal. He was about to say something when Mike help up his finger up to his own lips.

The smith heard it. There was heavy breathing coming from the other side of the conveyor belt. Mike grabbed the spear from the blacksmith's hand and stealthily walked to the source of the snoring. Mike saw the filthy body's chest rise and fall. Without a second thought, Mike plunged the spear into the body over and over again. The person tried to scream but was silenced when the spear landed into the victim's skull. It must have been gruesome because Mike could hear the smith's vomit splatter against the floor while he was pulling the spear free from the corpse's head. It all happened in a matter of seconds and didn't bother Michael at all to think he was taking another life.

"Are you okay?" Mike asked.

"Yeah, just something I ate." The smith answered, "Let's grab a few pieces and head back. Make sure you don't tell anyone about this, OK?"

"Sure." Mike agreed, he knew this stuff could be rather dangerous if it was in the wrong hands.

With a deep breath, the blacksmith started to gather several large pieces and put it into Mike's pack.

"You can keep the spear, kid." The smithy said frowning at the bits of brain matter stuck to it. "I never liked it that much."

Mike smiled then readjusted the backpack, the weight was a little uncomfortable. They started to walk back.

***

It was around midnight when Mike finally returned to his comfy room. He had worked with the blacksmith for several hours. It was a nice visit. The smith finally told Mike his real name, which was Alex. The smith seemed to be a loner, but he really liked Mike working with him.

Michael remembered when Alex said, "You know, I hate having to talk to people. Call me an asshole, but its like everyone hear doesn't question being ruled by a giant fuck!"

Mike had replied "It might be because everyone is scared of what's outside the gates. They can easily accept a terrible king since they would never think about venturing outside. That's why you respect me... Because I have been living in the wild my whole life."

Alex just said, " Ehh... Its more than that, kid"

***

Mike looked down at his new, white, cotton clothes that the King had given Michael in his room. They were now caked with blood and ashes from the fire. He, himself, was covered with ashes and smelled like burning wood and metal. Michael scratched his beard, only to find out that the edges were singed.

"Oh, great." He said to himself.

He got undressed and set his clothes next to the door so he could wash them later. He then walked to the shower and was about to open the sliding door when he heard a knock.

"Who is it!?" Mike yelled from the bathroom.

"Uh, just me." Anna said, "Your second favorite servant."

Mike wrapped one of the many towels he had in the bathroom around his waist and ran to answer the door. He tripped over his own legs and fell down hitting his head on something. Mike's eyes clamped shut and he lost consciousness. 

***

He woke up and rubbed his head, his vision was a little blurry but he wasn't hurt. He cursed at his clumsy legs, got up, and limped over to the door. It seemed like he was only passed out for a couple of seconds...

"You might have been promoted to first favorite." He said, jokingly. He opened the door to find the lovely 40 year old leaning against the door frame with her arms crossed, they were underneath her breasts which made them look a lot bigger.

"Yeah, sure. I know how you look at her." Anna said with a smirk, " And your starting to give me the same look, so stop."

Mike laughed and said, "Make me!"

She then pushed Mike back further into the room. She slowly walked in and shut the door. She walked up to Mike and they were face to face. Mike could feel Anna's tits pressing up against his ribs. He could feel a little jump in his towel. She slowly wrapped her arms around Mike and brought her face closer to his so there were only a few inches in between them. Anna stared into Mike's eyes with amazement at the color of them.

She finally said, "Oh, I will."

With that she pulled Mike closer and kissed him. Mike could feel his heart racing and his stomach felt like it would explode and let out one thousand angry butterflies. Anna pressed her lips harder to Mike's and let out a soft moan. She pulled back and gasped for breath. Mike did the same and he thought he saw stars dancing around in his eyes.

"Woah!" Mike said.

Anna laughed at Michael's silly expression and said, "I might have to deal with that little problem." She looked down to the towel.

Mike followed her gaze and saw that his erection was sticking out of his towel and was poking Anna in the stomach.

Mike blushed and stuttered, "Oh, I'm uh, really sorry about that!"

"You look very dirty." Anna noted, "Maybe we can take a shower together!"

Mike's eyes widened and Anna laughed a little more and grabbed his hand. She led him to the bathroom, where she undid Mike's towel. It was her turn to be wide eyed.

She smiled mischievously and with delight and said, "Undress me, Mikey"

Mike stepped behind her and brushed her blonde hair to the side. He nibbled on her neck while his hands unbuttoned her shirt. Then he slid them down to unbuckle her pants and push them down. He pressed his erection against the small of Anna's back and heard her gasp. Michael stepped back and took off her shirt. Anna turned around and looked at him with her eyes still wide open. He could see that she wanted this as much as he did. Still making eye contact, she pulled down her panties then took of her bra.

Mike's hand started on her waist and slowly slid up to one of Anna's perfect breasts. He pinched and tweaked her nipple and heard her coo with pleasure. She slid her hand down and grasped the great length of Michael's penis.

"Ahh, babe. Let's get in the shower!" Anna said.

The two stepped into the shower and turned on the water. They both jumped under the ice cold water and huddled together until the hot water finally kicked in. Anna, with her hand still around Michael's dick, started to pull on it. Mike groaned with pleasure.

"You like that?" Anna said with an innocent look, "I bet you never jerked off before. Poor baby!"

Mike didn't think he could get any harder but after Anna said that he must have been twice as hard. He moved his spare hand down to meet Anna's hairless peach. He looked down and saw that her vagina was completely bald. He started to rub it while his other hand pinched her nipple.

"Oh that feels amazing!" He answered, "Did you shave this just for me?"

"You know it, honey." She said while she looked down, "Now I want you to fuck me from behind. I will help guide your beautiful meat into my pussy, OK?"

Mike wanted to be in her so bad. He replied, "OK, Anna."

She smiled at him and turned around and pressed her hands against the wall of the shower. Mike could see the water run down Anna's back and onto her nicely shaped ass.

He watched her reach back and felt Anna's hand pull him closer by his cock and lined up his penis so it was pressing up against her love hole. She then said, "Are you ready?"

"More than you know."

With that she slid his cock into her wet pussy. At that moment, Mike felt heaven. His senses became twice as strong, he could smell Anna's beautiful scent, he could feel the warm and slippery cave hold only the head of his penis. He brought his hands to Anna's waist and grab firmly. He slowly pushed his cock further into her pussy. He could hear Anna's groans crystal clear. He kept on pushing slowly until all of his cock was in her. He just stood there in shock. It was like he was bonded to her now and he wanted to make her feel as much pleasure as he did.

"Feels so good!" Anna gasped, "Now start humping me!"

Mike gladly obeyed her command, he slowly pulled out then pushed it back in with the same pace. He felt Anna's pussy clench down every time he pulled away and he would feel her hips bucking back to welcome him. He kept the same tempo until the horny 40 year old moaned, "Harder, Mikey! Harder."

Once again he made her wish come true, he would slam his cock in and out of her dripping pussy. He drooled at the sight of Anna's toned as shake each time he pounded it. He watched the drops of water spring of her glorious ass as it slapped against his muscular thighs. Anna's back arched as she let out a loud whimper, "Aaauhh!" 

Michael couldn't hold back his cum any longer. She felt so soft and her talented pussy squeezed his dick at the right time.

'! Bang! Bang!' Mike heard someone knocking at the door.

Anna turned her head completely around and said, "Hey kid, open the door! We need to talk!"

Mike stared at her in shock for a couple of seconds. Her head was looking straight at him but her body was facing the other way. Michael almost threw up because of the unnatural sight.

Anna stood looking at him with a blank expression, her lifeless eyes piercing into Mike's. 

'No.' Mike thought to himself, 'No this was real. There is no way...

The knocking continued, "Bang! Bang!"

"Don't make me kick down the door!" Anna said to him.

Mike stepped away from her and his penis came out of Anna's vagina with a wet plop. He walked back slowly but slipped on the bar of soap. Michael fell for what seemed like forever. He could see the smoke curling off from the ceiling and his vision got blurrier. His last thought was, ' It was all a dream...' and darkness washed over him.

***

"Kid, wake up!" Anna said as she slapped Mike's face kind of hard.

Mike's eyes fluttered open and he saw Anna looming over him with a concerned look. The back of his head felt like it was split open so he brought his hand to see if there was any damage. His hand found that there was already a hand supporting his head.

"You aren't bleeding." Anna said.

"Where did you find me?" Mike asked.

"In the bathroom. It looked like you might have slipped and hit your head on the sink." Anna answered.

"Ouch!" Mike said he put his hand on top of what must have been Anna's. "What day is it?"

"It's Wednesday, still." A voice said but it wasn't Anna's.

Mike looked back and saw Julia sitting behind him. Most of his body was resting on her lap. Her spare hand playfully went through his hair. Mike wasn't sure why but she looked even more beautiful than before.

"I knocked at the door and you asked who I was but never opened the door. So I picked the lock and found you on the floor. I ran back to get Julia because you would probably want to see her dazzling face when you woke up." Anna explained.

"Oh... OK." Mike said still looking at Julia.

"Well... I will leave you two kittens alone." Anna said while she got up and left for the door.

"Oh and you must have had one hell of a dream" she added.

Mike looked up at Julia with a confused look, "What did she mean by that?" He asked.

"Nothing." She said quickly.

Mike adjusted his weight so it was just his head laying on her lap. "This is quite comfortable."

Julia smiled and started running her fingers through his hair again. She bit her lip, anticipating what could happen next. Mike saw that she was waiting for him to do something but wasn't sure what...

"So do you wanna get some stuff?" He asked, his nervousness returning.

"Stuff?" She asked, not giving him a break.

"Yeah, I think. Like a date." He said.

"Oh, I don't know." She said toying with him. " I think I might have to pass. You see, I met this really nice guy a couple days ago. He is really handsome and has these amazing eyes. I think he wanted me to show him around the city."
