 It was the middle of the night when Rachel woke up hearing whispering. She shared the room with her younger sister Aliana. Being already 18 years old, she was usually very respectful. It was not like her to be talking on the phone with someone this late at night.

"What is going on? Who are you talking to at this hour?"

Rachel turned over to scold her sister and ask her to hung up the phone, but she immediately realized that Aliana was not talking to anyone. She was sitting upright, with her arms limp by her sides, staring into the wall in front of her and speaking to herself. It was very strange and a little creepy.

Oh my God! Is she talking in her sleep? Why is she sitting like that?

She couldn't understand what her sister was saying but a couple of words were clear enough, "pussy" and "yours", which only increased Rachel's confusion. Aliana's was breathing increasingly faster while she spoke, as if she was getting aroused by her own incomprehensible statements.

"m... pussy ishh yours, m p..y ss yours, Ihh m...st ser... my m..s.."

Rachel watched her sister for a moment, hesitant about what to do. She had heard that you are not supposed to wake a sleepwalker. But then, Aliana's whispering stopped and turned into a long, soft moan. Rachel saw her sister's legs twitching while her eyes rolled back. Aliana was having an orgasm!

What the hell?!

After her climax subsided, the teenager slowly leaned back, almost robotically, until she was flat on her back. Then she fell asleep instantly. 

Rachel rested her head back on the pillow but her eyes were wide open. It was hard to believe what just happened. The sound of Aliana's orgasmic moan was burned in her mind. So was the image of her shuddering legs and twitching hands. Rachel realized that she was getting wet! 

She had an orgasm without touching herself. I didn't know it was possible.

***

The next morning, Rachel, her sister and her brother were watching TV. Apparently, Aliana had no recollection of what happened the night before and Rachel decided not to talk about it. It was probably a one time thing.

If it happens again, I'll tell Aliana to see a Doctor. She thought.

Rachel hadn't noticed that her brother Brad and Aliana were staring at the TV almost without blinking and their mouths were slightly opened, as if they were in some kind of trance.

With the corner of her eye, Rachel saw unusual movement on the couch. When she turned her head, she gave a gasp of surprise. Aliana had unzipped Brad's pants and her hand was reaching inside.

"Hey! What are you doing?!" Rachel asked loudly, almost screaming.

Brad was still staring at the TV like nothing was happening. Rachel couldn't believe what she was seeing. Why was Aliana fondling her brother? Why wasn't he stopping her? 

After a moment, Brad finally acknowledged the situation but he just turned his head to look at her sister. They stared at each other without saying a word, yet Aliana's hand kept massaging Brad's growing phallus.

"Aliana! Stop doing that! Brad, stop her!"

Rachel was expecting Brad to pulled his sister's hand away but that didn't happen. There was something odd about the way he looked at Aliana. As if he was not looking at her but looking through her.

Far from stopping, Brad stood up and pulled his pants down. He was not wearing underwear and his fully erect cock sprang upwards, demanding attention. Aliana quickly knelt in front of her brother and grabbed his phallus. 

"Are you guys insane?!", Rachel exclaimed, "If mom sees you, you both will be grounded for life!"

Rachel stood up and walked around the sofa with the intention of pulling Aliana away but when she saw Brad's cock in display, she stopped. Rachel found her brother's cock so alluring. She shook her head trying to push the dirty thoughts off her mind.

Aliana was no expert on sucking cocks but she had seen plenty of adult videos and she was planing to work by example. After sensually licking the tip for a moment, she engulfed the head of Brad's phallus and tightened her lips around its girth, then she started bobbing her head back and forth.

"Aliana, you can't do this. This is not right!"

To Rachel's eyes, Aliana was sucking her brother's cock like a pro and she was astonished. It was hard to believe that her younger sister was such a slut.

Aliana shoved Brad's cock deeper into her mouth until it reached the back of her throat. She gagged a little and quickly pulled back. Then she tried again and again. Soon she got used to it. The young woman was preparing herself to give her brother a deepthroat.

What is happening? They are acting like I am not even here. Rachel wondered, truly confused.

After a couple of failed attempts, Aliana succeeded. She swallowed Brad's big cock all the way to his balls. Brad moaned from the delightful sensation of his sister's throat clutching his dick so tightly. Aliana pulled back for air, then engulfed the entire cock again. She did this several times while rubbing her pussy under her long top.

Wow! How can she do that? Rachel thought, baffled by Aliana's actions. 

For a brief moment, she forgot that it was her brother and sister who were performing this debauchery and she felt aroused. Then she shook her head again and came back to her senses.

Brad couldn't resist this lovely treatment for long and soon his cock began to pulsate announcing his orgasm. Aliana pulled back and opened wide just in time to receive the hot streams of cum all over her face and inside of her mouth.

Before her brother was done, Aliana leaned forward and engulfed the tip of his cock between her lips, making sure not to waste the last drops of cum. Brad had finished but she was just getting started. Aliana was so horny that the juices from her pussy were dripping to the floor between her legs.

The young woman quickly removed her top and threw it away. She walked around the sofa and laid in such a way that her hips were higher that her head and her pussy was in full display. Brad was certainly eager to continue the sex session because in a matter of seconds he was on his knees with his head buried between his sister's thighs.

"Now you? What the hell is the matter with you two? I swear I'm going to tell mom about this." 

Rachel was still complaining but she couldn't make herself walk away. She couldn't even look away. There was something about this naughty scene that pulled her in like a magnet. It was there, in the back of her mind and she couldn't get rid of it.

Brad and Aliana still ignored Rachel, as if they were in a different dimension where the only thing that mattered was sex; crude, unrestrained sex. Brad was licking his sister's clitoris with avidity. He often had oral sex with his girlfriend and he had acquired a lot of experience; now he was using all this knowledge on his younger sister, making her squeal with pleasure.

"Mhh...Brad... that feels so good," Aliana cried out.

Aliana felt Brad's tongue twirling around her erect clitoris, then entering her pussy and back to her clitoris. The sensation was wonderful and she was so aroused to begin with, that it took her only a couple of minutes to reach a strong orgasm. The first blissful spasm made her loose control of her body. After that, she bucked wildly over the couch while Brad grabbed her hips trying to keep her in place.

Oh my God! 

Rachel saw her sister jolting like a fish out of water and realized that Aliana was climaxing. It was perversely erotic to see her sister convulsing in bliss like that. Suddenly, Rachel felt her pussy twitch within her denim shorts. 

Aliana's trembling thighs trapped her brother's head in between, urging him to keep licking her pussy, prolonged her orgasm. The teen acted as if she was possessed by a sexual demon, arching her back with her eyes completely rolled back and gushing all over her brother's face.

I have never cum that hard. This is amazing. Rachel thought, watching everything up close without saying a word. She was too transfixed by her sister's sensual display. 

When her orgasm faded, Aliana took a few seconds to recover and then she was ready for more. And so was Brad. His cock was fully erect again. Aliana turned around and bent over the couch as her brother aimed his cock at her vaginal entry.

The imminent penetration of her sister brought Rachel back from her spellbound staring. She complained one more time, urging them to stop. 

"Wait! Don't do it. Brad is not wearing any protection."

And again, her brother and sister ignored her as if she wasn't there.

Brad shoved his cock into his sister's pussy without holding anything back. Aliana was so tight that he almost cum on the first blow but he was able to control himself.

Aliana was not a virgin but she had never had a phallus this long penetrating her so deeply. She moaned out loud, not caring who could hear her around the house.

When Brad started pumping his sister's pussy with all his might, Rachel decided that it was enough. She couldn't allow this madness to continue any longer. She was going to tell her parents and let her brother and sister suffer the consequences.

"Ok, you asked for it! I am telling mom and dad about this."

When she started walking, she felt wetness in her pussy and this startled her. She was getting unconsciously excited and she hadn't realize it. She felt a bit guilty but this was not going to stop her from talking to her mother.

The door of her parent's room was open and Rachel entered without knocking. She was greeted by a scene not very different from the one downstairs. Rachel stopped on her tracks when she saw Marlene, her mother, bouncing up and down on her husband's lap. 

What the hell?! What is going on in this house? Why they didn't lock the door?

Normally, Rachel would have bolted out of the room pretending she didn't see anything, but instead of that, she did nothing. Her mother could obviously see her standing by the door and she had no reaction whatsoever. She was ignoring her the same way Brad and Aliana did a moment ago. Something very strange was going on and Rachel wanted to know what was it.

Marlene moaned and grunted while she waved her hips sensually back and forth. She hadn't felt so excited in years and she couldn't explain why she was so aroused. Not that she cared. When Tom intercepted her walking out of the shower with his huge erection, she jumped on top of him without giving it a second thought.

"You are fucking me so good," Marlene said between gasps. They had been fucking for a while and they were not planning to stop any time soon.

The couple changed positions and still didn't acknowledge the presence of their daughter. Before bending over the chair, Marlene looked straight in Rachel's direction but their eyes never meet. Marlene appeared to be in some sort of sexual trance that prevented her from caring about anything around her except Tom's cock.

It is like I am invisible. Rachel thought.

"Yes! Give it to me. Make me cum!" Marlene exclaimed, sounding like a different person.

Rachel could see her mother's breasts swinging back and forth from the hard pounding. Suddenly, she remembered doing to same thing. Feeling the same pleasure. But it couldn't be. She had never fucked like that. Nonetheless, her pussy twitched again and now she was certain that her crotch was soaking wet.

Tom and Marlene were usually a quiet couple. They had sex once a week and nothing too kinky. But not today. Tom was banging his wife from behind, ramming his phallus with all his might. The sound of his pelvis smashing against her ass-cheeks mixed with grunts of pleasure and Marlene's unaccustomed dirty talk.

"Yes! Fuck me harder! Make me cum with that big cock!"

If Rachel was confused downstairs, now it was worse. She started to think that she was in dream, or more accurately, in a nightmare. But she remembered waking up and getting out of bed. Or did she? The teen's head was spinning.

The savage pounding went on for several minutes and the couple changed positions a few more times.

At last, Marlene reached her long awaited orgasm. Her pussy clutched down Tom's cock as blissful spasms spread across her entire body.

And Rachel was still there, still watching mesmerized as her mother shivered in ecstasy. She couldn't bring herself to look away, the same way it had happened downstairs. The sexual spectacle had an unavoidable attraction that she couldn't deny, as if this was helping relive the best experience of her life. An experience that she didn't remember having. Rachel wondered if she was going crazy.

Mom climaxed so hard, like Aliana did. Like I did. Wait... what am I saying??

"I want you to cum in my face."

Tom was already in the verge of climax and it didn't take long before he ejaculated several spurts of white, sticky sperm all over his wife's face and mouth. Marlene's ended up plastered with cum and she was delighted. Tom didn't usually ejaculated that much but nothing that had been happening this morning was routine.

"Yes, baby. Lick my cock and swallow my cum," Tom said.

Rachel watched her mother lick the remnants of sperm from her father's cock as she felt a drop of her own juice sliding down her inner thigh. Rachel realized that she was feeling horny as hell. She needed to get out of the house at once.

She finally walked out the room trying to understand that was happening around her. Her brother and sister were committing incest. Her mother and father were having sex in front of her and didn't care about it. And her own behavior was not normal either.

I can't believe I stayed in there and watched my parents have sex. What is wrong with me? Why is everyone in this house acting crazy?

Rachel wasn't too far from her parents room when she heard her mother saying, "Wanna go again? I am still horny."

***

It was late at night when Rachel came back home and she went straight to bed. Everything was quiet in the house and she didn't see anyone. The door of her parents bedroom was closed and she didn't want to imagine what was going on inside. 

But after a few hours on her bed, Rachel noticed that something was very wrong and she opened her eyes wide. She was still laying down but now she was naked. She tried to sit up but she couldn't! Her entire body was paralyzed. 

What the hell is happening?! I can't move!

Her heart jolted fiercely inside of her chest. She could still move her head but barely. Rachel heard a soft suckling noise coming from Aliana's bed.

She turned her head as best she could and saw her sister and mother together. They were sitting in front of each other; her mother had her legs around Aliana's waist while Aliana was leaning forward on her mother's chest. Marlene was moaning and Rachel was almost certain that she could see a fat dildo connecting one pussy with the other. How could they do this?! This was even worse than Aliana having sex with Brad. Even so, Rachel's main concern at the moment was that she was paralyzed.

"Mom... Aliana... help me. I can't move."

When Rachel looked more carefully, she realized what was the source of the noise. Aliana had her lips around her mother's nipple and she was eagerly suckling milk. It was impossible since her mother was not pregnant, yet there was a stream of white fluid dribbling along her mother's large breast. In any case, nothing had made sense in the last 24 hours. Rachel started to wonder again if she was going crazy. And what happened next helped to sustain this idea...

Rachel saw with horror as one monstrous tentacle emerged from below the bed and waved menacingly in the air. It had a fleshy skin that glistened with an oily substance that covered its entire surface.

As usual, Aliana and her mother where oblivious to anything around them and paid no attention, but Rachel screamed her lungs out. 

"Ahhg! What is that?!!"

Rachel saw the long, flexible appendage hovering above her immobile body and she couldn't do anything about it. As mush as she tried, her arms and legs wouldn't respond. She watched with desperation as the tentacle centered her attention at the spot between her legs and she thought about the possibility of that huge thing penetrating her body. The terrified woman screamed again.

"Mom! Help me! Take this monster away from me!"

The tentacle approached her crotch and paused for a moment. Rachel felt as if the creature was teasing her on purpose. She felt the tender touch across her nether lips and her pussy twitched involuntarily. She wasn't expecting this. At that moment, a soft breeze made her realize that her crotch was dripping wet. She was about to be ravished by a monster and her body was ready for it? Did she unconsciously want this to happen? Rachel was very confused but she talked to the creature anyway, pleading for mercy...

"Please don't do this. It won't fit!"

But Rachel was wrong. The tentacle fit perfectly. As it pushed deeper and deeper, making her belly bulge, the confused woman felt disgust but also an incredible pleasure that she had only experienced once before. Rachel was angry at herself for feeling like this. A monster hiding under the bed was fucking her and she was enjoying it! This confirmed her suspicions, she was definitely going insane.

But crazy or not, Rachel screamed again when she saw a second tentacle, just as big, emerging from the other side of the bed. This was unbelievable! How come she didn't see this creature when she got into bed earlier that night? How come her mother and sister couldn't see them now?

"Oh my God!! Another one!"

After gliding above the length of her body, the new tentacle also focused its attention on the woman's crotch. Rachel thought with some relief that her pussy was already occupied by one huge appendage and this new one couldn't do anything to her. She was mistaken, again...

The tentacle aligned the tip with Rachel's anal entry and the woman jolted in fear when she felt it. She would not be able to take both huge penetrations without breaking apart. 

Then, deep in the back of her mind, a faint awareness arose telling her that she could do it. In fact, she had done it before. Her pussy and anus twitched hard. 

Rachel couldn't understand how this was possible, yet her body was yearning to experience it again.

As the new tentacle pushed into her ass, matching the depth of the first one, Rachel moaned loudly from the overwhelming sensation. This felt exactly as she remembered, mind-blowing pleasure beyond belief. She didn't remember when or where she had felt it, but at this moment she didn't care.

Rachel was still unable to move her arms and legs but her body was now rocking at the pace of the tentacles. She swayed slightly back and forth, as the large appendages trashed delightfully inside of her. 

After a while of supernatural fucking, Rachel believe she was loosing her mind. She was fully aware of being at the complete mercy of the tentacles and this helplessness was actually increasing her arousal. At this rate, she was going to reach an orgasm soon and she felt shame because of it. She was being ravished by a monster!

Suddenly, Rachel heard a squishy sound coming from within her body and her belly started to swell. She realized that the tentacles were pumping something inside of her. Every sound preceded a little bump bulging on her skin.

What is it doing inside of me?!

The astounded woman could only imagine what was going on inside of her over-stimulated body. She felt the bumps here and there and she saw herself saturated with these things. It could be anything but her subconscious immediately thought about eggs. She was being filled with the monster's eggs!

Rachel could feel her vaginal cavity stretching to the limit as more and more of these rounded objects saturated the confined space, making her sensitive inner walls rub even tighter against the fat tentacles.
