 "Darling, you know that your mother and I love you very much."

Oh shit, Jess thought and dropped the fork on her plate. Here we go again.

She was sitting at the dinner table with her parents when her Dad brought up the usual topic. School and good grades, or the lack thereof. Like every week.

"We're worried about you, honey," added her mom, Darlene, in the usual sorrowful tone that she reserved for patients and for family dinner. "You're not doing great at school and that attitude of yours - let's just say it won't get you very far in college. With your academic record your dad basically had to build them a new lecture hall to get you accepted. You've got this one chance at a top school, don't blow it."

Jess had heard it all before. "What do you know about my grades anyway? Are you talking to my teachers behind my back?! You can't do that, I'm an adult now."

"We don't, honey," said her mother. "But it's not exactly a secret when you parade through the house half naked with bloody welts on your ass. We're not stupid, they don't use the cane for nothing."

It was true, her attendance had been a bit spotty lately, especially since she got accepted into college. Not a week passed without being sent to the disciplinary officer for a wide range of infractions. The disciplinarian soon came to the conclusion that the strap didn't make a big enough impression, but even countless whacks with the cane had not really helped either.

"What did they punish you for?" asked her dad, Dave. "Are you doing drugs again? You know you're on probation."

"Dad! I'm not doing drugs," Jess protested, even though that was not technically true. In exchange for a little affection, her probation officer always reported a negative test result, and after all, that's what counted.

"Jess, dear, your dad and I want you to focus on your studies. You're struggling now, and college life is even more exciting - it's very easy to lose track of what's important. You don't want to graduate with abysmal grades like your dad."

"I did okay and let's keep in mind that I run a very successful construction business," said Dave, leaning back in his chair, pleased with himself. "Connections are everything."

"Connections, huh." Her mother scoffed. "Jess, if you want to be a lawyer, you got to put in the work. It's not like your dad's business where everything's controlled by the mob. There's actual competition."

"You're calling me a gangster, you of all people?" Dave was amused. "You're happily spending the money I make. And besides, your little prescription side business, that's five years minimum. So who's the gangster?"

Jess rolled her eyes. Now they were teasing, soon they'd be fighting and later they would be fucking each others' brains out. I'm gonna need headphones tonight, she thought. Gross.

"But listen to your mother, she knows what she's talking about. Very easy to get distracted in college, isn't that right, babe?"

"What's that supposed to mean, Dave?" Darlene asked, raising her left eyebrow.

"You know exactly what I mean. Wasn't it you, darling, who was sucking dicks in an alley behind Leary's Sports Bar? At quite reasonable rates, if I remember correctly."

"That's how we met ... darling," said Darlene, shooting a poisonous glare at Dave. "And I don't remember you complaining about the service."

"You were a whore, mom?" asked Jess, burying her face in her hands. Her parents were so embarrassing. She couldn't really imagine her classy mother - a successful, respected doctor no less - as a prostitute. But it seemed to be true - and from the looks of it, this wasn't a memory she was happy revisiting.

"I can't believe you told her, Dave, seriously. And you, Jess, don't be a hypocrite. When we asked you to work on your grades last year, we didn't mean fuck your science teachers for credits."

Jess stared at her mother wide eyed. She had been so careful, how could they possibly know?

"Mom, how-", she started, but Darlene cut her off.

"What you're doing is borderline bribery, young woman, unethical at the very least. What I did, that's an entirely different thing - I was a licensed sex worker, and there's no shame in that."

Yeah, licensed after twelve lashes and two weeks in jail for solicitation, Dave thought, but was smart enough to keep his mouth shut. 

Darlene closed her eyes, trying to stay calm. "There was a bit of a misunderstanding with your grandparents-"

"Your grades were so bad, they cut you off," interrupted Dave.

"Maybe I was partying a bit hard, yes. They stopped their payments, temporarily, and I had to find ... other sources of income. It was just for a couple of semesters, I finished at the top of my class, remember, unlike daddy here."

"Mom, dad, could you get to the point, please?"

Her mother sighed. "Alright. Given your behavior lately, your dad and I are not comfortable with sending you to Helios Prime-"

"What?! But I got accepted, it's done!"

"Jessica, don't interrupt me, please. We're not comfortable sending you to college, unless you agree to a few conditions."

"Conditions? I'm nineteen, I can do whatever I want! And if you don't pay, I'll find 'other sources of income,' like you."

Dave rolled his eyes.

"Honey, don't be ridiculous. We're talking about an elite school that costs 170 grand per year. No whore I ever met makes this kind of money. Ask your-"

"Say it and you sleep on the couch tonight," warned Darlene. "But your dad's right. You're flat out broke, darling, you couldn't even afford a license. So your choice is very simple - you agree to our terms and get a top education, or you can whore your way to a degree at a third rate school. That means a cramped little apartment downtown and you can kiss any dreams of beach houses and space cruises goodbye."

Oh shit, thought Jess. She didn't like the direction the conversation was taking. Usually, she would just promise some bullshit and everyone moved on with their lives. But this time she could tell her parents were serious.

"Darling, your mom and I thought about it for a long time and we'll cut you a deal. You go to college like you planned and in exchange you'll wear a little something that will cover your ...," Dave waved his hands, "girly parts. That should take care of all the ... distractions. It's for protection, too, nobody will be able to rape you."

Jess glared at her parents. "You're talking about a Chasticorp thingy, right? You must be joking."

"We're not joking," said her mother, "a lot of young women wear these devices. I can fit you with one, or one of my colleagues at the clinic can do it - whatever you prefer. I know exactly which one you need."

"Not going to happen. Forget it."

"Your sex drive is completely out of control," said Dave. "It seems it's all you ever think about. You're not making any good decisions. At all."

"That's not true," Jess protested weakly.

"Jessica, I haven't seen a bra or any underwear of yours in the wash for ages," said Darlene. "Don't tell me you wash them yourself, you don't even know how the washing machine works." 

Jess shifted uneasily on her chair. Of course she wasn't wearing any panties, but that wasn't really anyone's business.

"Oh, and speaking of bad choices: how could I forget the porn star boob job," her mom added.

"You don't like them?" asked Jess sarcastically. She lifted her tube top and revealed a pair of large, beautiful, bouncing breasts - unconstrained by a bra. They were a marvel of medical engineering and the main reason why her savings account was pretty much wiped out.

"Oh for god's sake, put them away," said her dad, focusing on his plate. "In normal families, daughters don't flash their parents over dinner. Anyway, that's not the only thing, darling. Just yesterday evening I've seen you blowing Mr Henderson by the pool, in broad daylight. That guy is in his seventies."

Jess rolled her eyes. She loved sex, but more than that, she loved the impressive weed plantation in his basement. Being nice to him meant deep discounts, which made a lot of sense financially - a shame her parents wouldn't see it that way. And besides, he was kind of hot for a guy his age.

"That's none of your business, dad, I'm-"

"... an adult, yes, yes, you keep mentioning that," said Dave, taking a sip from his drink. "So we'll treat you like one. Tuition for your first year is due on Friday next week. If I haven't wired the money by then, someone else will take your spot. I'll have our family lawyer draw up a contract with the terms to make sure there's no misunderstanding. Unless you have signed the contract and you're wearing the device your mother has chosen by Friday, you'll have to cough up the 170 grand yourself. Or stay at home. Think about it."

"And by 'home' we mean this planet," said Darlene, "not this house. Because you'll be moving out." 

*

The following days, Jess didn't speak a single word to her parents. The couple of banks she tried made it abundantly clear that with her grades a student loan was impossible, for pretty much any amount, let alone the kind of money she needed. Begging her other relatives had been unsuccessful, too - most didn't have enough and those who did were unwilling to lend her anything.

It wasn't until Thursday night, after a week of staying out late, sleeping in, and spending very little time at school that she admitted defeat.

"Alright, I'll do it."

Dave grinned. "Do what, darling?"

"You know what I mean. I'll sign the fucking thing, okay?"

Dave pulled a pad out of his office drawer and handed it to her.

"I'm glad you've finally come to your senses. Read it carefully and return it to me when you're done. Your mom has already made an appointment for tomorrow after school."

"I hate you."

Dave chuckled. He had to hand it to his wife - never in a million years he would have thought that this could work.

*

With Jess still sulking, it was a very quiet ride to the clinic. Darlene had picked her up at school, but had no illusion as to whether she had actually been there. She just hoped they wouldn't expel her before graduation - without a degree, there would be no college either.

After Jess had reluctantly signed all the necessary paperwork, Darlene introduced a good-looking older gentleman who was wearing a lab coat. 

"This is my esteemed colleague, Doctor Hemsworth. He'll perform the little procedure."

"Welcome, Jessica, nice to meet you," said Hemsworth, extending his hand, but Jess refused the handshake.

"I hear you're going to college on Helios Prime. It's understandable that your mom wants to make sure you're protected."

"Yeah. God forbid I end up as a prostitute, like her."

Hemsworth shot a quick glance at Darlene whose face turned beet red. He chose to ignore the comment.

"Don't worry, your mother picked an excellent model for you - very light-weight, you won't even notice it's there. It's the CC 507-F, top of the line, highly secure with front and back protection and a lot of extra features. We'll give you some privacy while you disrobe. Make yourself comfortable on the gurney, I'll put you under in a minute."

"See you later, Jess, I'll be there when you wake up," said her mother and left the examination room with Doctor Hemsworth.

"Your daughter doesn't seem to be very enthusiastic."

"No, but it's for the best," said Darlene. "Oh, and Richard, would you hand me the spec sheet, please? I need to make a couple adjustments. All within parameters, of course."

*

When Jess came to, the procedure had been successfully completed.

Her crotch area was completely smooth, covered by a life-like, skin-colored material that looked like she had been rendered sexless. Her lower orifices were nowhere to be seen and when she touched the surface, she didn't feel anything, no matter how hard she rubbed and pounded at the device. As an additional insult, her areola were fully covered as well, denying access to her otherwise extremely sensitive nipples.

"It's beautiful, isn't it," said Darlene, clearly amused. "The nanites have bonded the material to your skin, it's unremovable without the access code. If you need to go to the bathroom, use the menu on your comm device, I've given you control over that for now. Just sit down on the toilet and press the buttons, that'll start the evacuation sequence."

Still naked from the waist down, Jess waddled around the treatment room, trying to get comfortable. There was something thin and hard in her vagina, but that wasn't her most pressing concern right now.

"God, it feels like I have a log up my ass. I can barely walk, mom! Why does it have to be so huge?"

Because you pissed me off, Darlene thought, still annoyed about how Jess embarrassed her in front of a colleague.

"Yeah, the egress unit is a bit on the large side, but it's still in the range suggested by the manufacturer. You'll get used to it. This is where your poop is broken down so it can be evacuated. If the reservoir isn't big enough the process may not work properly and I'm sure you wouldn't be happy with daily enemas either. "

"Come on," Jess complained. "It feels like I have to shit real bad. Can't we just get rid of the rear thing? I don't do a lot of anal anyway."

"Forget it. Now get dressed, I'll summon the car."

*

Back at home, Jess retreated to her room. Usually, she would have passed the time until dinner by watching porn and a little playtime, but that was now impossible. 

Or was it?

With a devious grin, she grabbed her favorite massager that she always kept within reach on her nightstand and pressed it where her clit was hidden by the device. Usually, it didn't take much to make her cum, but this weren't normal circumstances. She put it on high - much higher than she could usually stand - no effect. She felt the vibration, sure, but even at maximum power, the faint tingle wasn't doing much for her. If anything, it frustrated her even more. Unwilling to give up already, she kept going, pressing harder against her crotch.

Suddenly, a powerful jolt of electricity shot through her private parts. She shrieked and cursed, dropping the useless toy immediately. Obviously, even a bit of harmless fun was not permitted.

Annoyed she punched a pillow on her bed and logged onto the planetary comm network. All her research was useless, unfortunately - experts were in full agreement, without the code, a device of this generation was virtually impossible to remove. All hopes thoroughly squashed and dinner not in sight, she wondered what to do. Homework would have been an option, theoretically, but after half an hour of frustrated brooding, she decided to take a shower instead.

*

Jess was just toweling herself off when she felt another jolt, though not as strong as the previous one. She stopped in her tracks and didn't dare to move for a minute. Then she felt another shock. She hadn't done anything, so there was only one logical explanation.

Angrily, she threw the towel on the floor and rushed downstairs where Dave was preparing dinner and Darlene stood by, examining her comm device.

"See, Dave, I told you it'll work."

Jess was seething. She stomped into the kitchen, breasts bouncing, without a stitch of clothes on her body. Dave cursed and turned around when he saw her.

"You bitch! You shocked me!"

"I wanted to see if I can get your attention. And now put on some clothes, you're making your dad uncomfortable."

"What's the point? I've got no snatch, no asshole, and no nipples! I'm not a girl anymore, I'm a fucking mannequin! You could put me in a shop window, look!"

She pointed at her sexless groin area and then bent over, spreading her butt cheeks. Dave winced when he saw the numerous welts on her buttocks and upper thighs from past punishments in school, ranging from angry red to almost faded.

Her mother had little sympathy. "Jess, don't be dramatic. Get dressed, we're eating in twenty minutes."

"Forget it. You did this to me, now deal with it."

Darlene sighed. "Alright, I wanted to ask you to set the table. I don't think you've ever done it, so it might be a good day to learn where we keep our plates and cutlery."

"Fuck you, mom."

"Whatever, darling. Your dad and I decided that we'll use the last couple of months while you're here as a trial run. It's easier to test this out here than via hyperspace comms. That little zap you felt, that's part of the motivation module. We've programed your school schedule and a nine o'clock curfew. If you're not up in time or back in your room, it'll cost you. That zap was the lowest level, it'll increase until you comply. Try not to trigger the higher punishment levels, I'm told the pain is quite intense."

"Dad! Say something!"

"Leave me out of it," said Dave, stirring the sauce. "But your mother's right, it's time you learned some discipline. We've spoilt you long enough."

Darlene continued browsing through the controller menu, checking the large number of settings that were available.

"The nanites are set to block the effect of alcohol and narcotics to make sure you can focus on your studies. But don't worry, dear, we'll also use positive reinforcement. Let me show you."

Suddenly, Jess felt a low buzzing sensation. The probe in her pussy expanded and the electrodes that lined her vagina sent the sensation of a slow penetrating motion. Jess gasped.

"Not bad, huh?" asked her mom, pressing a few buttons to pick up the pace, "I've studied the clinical trial, according to the data, this must feel pretty much like the real thing. Probably even better with the buzzer. How do you like it?"

"Fuck you, mom."

Darlene pressed another button, which reduced the interval between the strokes and the buzzing to almost nothing. Jess pounded her protected crotch with her fists and groaned in frustration.

"You're a bitch, mom."

"What is it, darling?" Darlene asked, smiling innocently.

"This is driving me crazy, come on!"

"Life as an adult can be frustrating, dear." ... and even more so when you have kids, she thought. "What exactly do you want me to do about it?"

"You know what, mom."

Darlene laughed. "I'm not sure. Maybe your old mother isn't so bright." 

"I'm fucking horny, okay! There, I said it. I'm going crazy, can you finish me off now?"

"Politeness will go a long way."

"Please, please, please, pretty please, let me cum," Jess begged.

Dave sighed. "Darlene, come on. You tortured her enough."

"Alright, alright. You don't deserve it, but I will make an exception. It's your first day after all. I'll leave it on high for half an hour, but go to your room, I don't want you to scream the place down. And put some clothes on when you're done."

*

Jess had barely made it to her room when the buzzing and the strokes started in earnest, a lot more intense than what she had experienced downstairs. Much better than any lover, it found just the right rhythm and intensity, taking her close to the edge and keeping here there, pushing her over at the perfect moment. She cried out in pleasure as sequence after sequence brought her to a powerful, earth shattering climax.

The fireworks lasted thirty minutes and without any doubt, this had been the best sexual experience of her life. She was drenched in sweat and her legs were shaking. Wow. If I had the remote control, I'd happily give up dick forever, Jess thought. That was amazing.

She was still basking in the afterglow when she realized her mother standing in the door.

"That was nice, huh? As long as you're on your best behavior, I'll let you have this twice a week. A girl has needs, I totally understand that. But if you don't go to school, don't help around the house or if you disrespect your dad or me, we'll cancel that. It's no more 'fuck you, mom,' or 'I hate you, dad' and no running around naked - am I making myself clear?"
