 Jack mused to himself while sitting alone at his desk, passively flipping through the book. Each time he came to a new page, he admired the intricate designs on each page, though he could not discern their meaning. Nor could he read the strange language the book seemed to be printed in. He knew enough of foreign language to recognize that this book wasn't written in any of the major languages, so he contented himself with looking at the pictures and designs the book contained instead.

The book itself seemed to be very old, perhaps explaining the unidentifiable language contained within. Jack had decided to buy the book from the local thrift-shop based on its age alone; he enjoyed old books. He loved the way their leather covers looked, he loved the way their hand-bound spines felt, he loved the slightly yellowed flash of color to their pages, but he loved the smell of an old book most of all. Jack found it a little difficult to admit, but he'd chosen most of the books in his collection based on smell and age alone. One of his favorite past-times was leafing through books in his personal library here in his room, just feeling the crinkled pages and weather-worn covers.

This particular book was an oddity, to be sure. It bore no external monikers on any of its covers, front, back, or inside. There wasn't even a title page printed in the strange language. Jack had just opened to the first page and was greeted with a very intricate, unknown design. Jack grinned to himself as he allowed his mind to ponder the purpose of such markings. His first impression was that the book was some sort of Satanic or demonic cult's instruction manual, but he had quickly ruled out that possibility. Jack knew a few common symbols the demon worshippers liked to use, and this book went beyond that. Many of the symbols looked similar to what might be considered "alchemical" designs, but Jack wondered why, if this book was an alchemist's journal, the book was not written in a common language.

Jack sighed as he reached the end of the book. He admired the symbol on the final page before preparing to go through the book once again, paying closer attention. He planned on grabbing a mirror and checking if the language was encoded a la Da Vinci. As he turned back to the first page, his eyes widened. Jack stared in disbelief as he saw a page in the book that wasn't there before. He was sure this page hadn't been here before because this particular page was printed in English.

Awakening Instructions:

