 Although a work of fantasy, all characters are presumed to be of legal age for their respective races. This is the continuing story of Shannon Knocksprocket, introduced in "A Gnomish Dilemma."

*****

Shannon Knocksprocket was just waking up despite the fact that she had been at the breakfast table for twenty minutes. Her second cup of tea was finally getting to her brain when Gertie came in and sat down.

"Mornin young 'un. You recover from last night?"

Shannon shrugged. "Kinda, I guess."

Last night, she, Birdee and Claire had entertained a huge party of gnomes at a special event. She had been fucked by at least eight or nine gnomes and they had all been very enthusiastic. A couple of them had fucked her two or three times. Her pussy had been very sore. If it hadn't been for a healing and rejuvenating salve Claire had brought along, Shannon probably wouldn't be walking at all. The party had been a blast though. She had been fucking one while sucking off another. So had Claire. Birdee, however, had taken one in her pussy and one in her ass at the same time, plus sucking off another! Shannon wished now that she had been able to do anal, her pussy might not have been so sore. But she was still a virgin there. Maybe someday...

"Good, cuz I got a special job for ya. Birdee's gonna be booked up, so I'm offering it to you. A young gnome is celebrating his coming of age today. Tonight he's coming here. You have the privilege of being his first."

"First what?"

"Well, his first fuck of course! We're whores after all!"

That woke Shannon up.

"W-what?"

"Look, it ain't so strange. We do 'em all the time. He's gonna be nervous. You calm him down, let him see and touch you. Most have never seen a naked gal before. Then you let 'em fuck you. Simple. Look, if you want, go find Birdee and she'll tell you how she does it. The booking is at seven, his name is Cobble."

It sounded so simple. But as the day progressed, Shannon was unable to ever get a minute with Birdee. That afternoon Shannon did ask Caire her opinion.

"First off, wear as little as possible. Like a skirt and bodice but no blouse, or just a shift or chemise. Something you can get out of quickly. These guys usually can't keep from cumming. The young ones cum early, often and have huge loads." She smiled and gazed vacantly, "Ah the wonders of youth. Young guys have the stamina and the cum but don't know what to do with it. Older guys know how but lack the vigor... What a shame."

As seven o'clock tolled from the big clock in the great room, Shannon came down the stairs. She was wearing her black skirt that was slit on both sides clear up to her waist, and a borrowed black leather strapless bodice thingy that Claire had called a "boosteeay". It presented her tits nicely. Shannon's tits were young, firm and round. Like a corset, this lifted them up and shoved them together, creating an impressive display on such a tiny body. Her nipples and areola were barely contained by the diminutive cups. Her pink hair was accented by two black ribbons tying the twin ponytails, and she wore another black ribbon around her neck. She had to be careful walking in the unfamiliar high heels but her slow pace seemed more like the deliberate stalk of the sensuous predator. All of the males in the room, regardless of race, stopped what they were doing to watch her. Some staring in unbridled lust, others in admiration of her beauty. 

She had spotted the young man from the upper landing and recognized him as her likely date. He stood out, not only for his youthfulness but also for his nervousness. The young gnome was barely of legal age and sat alone near the door. It was as though he was still thinking of bolting, at least until he saw her. Shannon strolled over to him and smiled.

"Hi, I'm Shannon. Would you be Cobble?" 

"Uh-um...y-yeah, I-I'm C-Cobble." he stammered as he rose to his feet.

"Myyy, you're a tall one!" Shannon said, giggling. "And cute too! Come on, let's go upstairs."

Taking his hand she led the blushing boy up to her room.

She closed the door and bade him sit in the chair, then hopped up into his lap. 

"So... you've never been with a girl?"

"N-No..." Cobble replied.

"Ever kissed a girl?"

"Uh-uh... N-not really. J-just a peck on the cheek."

She took his hands and placed them on her waist. Looking into his eyes, she smiled, then leaned in to kiss him. The young gnome was awkward at first but she persisted and soon he was doing much better. She noticed that his eyes were on her tits constantly. 

"Do you like titties?"

"Ummm... yeah."

"Go ahead and kiss 'em."

"Really?"

"Sure!"

Cobble leaned his head down and kissed each round mound of soft flesh and grinned.

"They're nice!"

Shannon giggled, "Go on, don't stop."

Cobble spent several minutes just kissing every exposed inch of her tits as Shannon ran her fingers through his hair.

"You wanna see 'em?" She asked.

"You bet!"

Shannon unbuckled the top and opened it. Cobbles eyes went wide and his grin grew bigger. She lifted his hands and placed them on her breasts and sighed as he squeezed them.

"Gently, that's it... mmmmmnnn yes..."

He toyed with her nipples for a minute, then looked at her.

"Go on and suck them, but be gentle."

He kisses and suckled on each for several minutes, then Shannon lifted his face to hers and kissed him again. This time she used a lot more mouth and a lot more passion. Her tongue teased him, darting out and retreating. She slipped from his lap and knelt on the floor, tugging his boots off. Cobble pulled his shirt off and then froze as Shannon undid his trousers and pulled them down. Cobble's dick bobbed free right in front of Shannon's face. Now he was of average size for gnomish males, but well shaped and Shannon grasped it gently and smiled. 

"Wow! You have such a nice cock Cobble!"

She kissed it, stuck it in her mouth and sucked as she stroked his shaft. Cobble only lasted three strokes before he started cumming. Shannon gulped and swallowed as fast as she could, but the young gnome had such a huge load that she couldn't take it all fast enough and some spilled out to dribble down her chin. 

Unlike Birdee, Shannon wasn't crazy about the taste of cum. Still, it was exciting and she knew it pleased her lovers, well, the ones she'd had so far anyway. She smiled up at Cobble and swallowed.

"Golly what a huge load! And so tasty too!" she said as she wiped her chin and licked her fingers. Shannon stood and dropped her skirt. She was wearing nothing underneath and sat on the bed in front of Cobble. He was, of course, staring intently at her pussy. Shannon leaned back and toyed with herself for a minute or two, making sure he could see it all. She pointed to her left inner thigh...

"Kiss me right here," she said.

Cobble knelt on the bed and kissed her soft flesh as directed.

"Now here." She said, pointing halfway up her thigh.

Again Cobble did as she said.

Shannon pointed to the other thigh. 

"Over here. And here."

Cobble kissed the places on her right leg and looked up at her. 

"Now kiss me right here," she said pointing to her pink furred mound. 

Cobble's kiss lingered longer.

"And down a little... yes... again... nice... keep it up... mmmnnn, yes... Okay, now use your tongue... gently... yes... just like that..."

Cobble paused and smiled up at her. "I like it... it, well, it tastes nice, sweet." He inhaled. "Smells... kinda funny. Strong, but I think I like it."

Shannon let him continue or several more minutes. She coached him on his technique and he improved to the point that she was fairly certain he would be able to find his way with any future lover. Then she reached down and lifted his face.

"Fuck me Cobble!"

Cobble didn't need to be told twice, though he did need a little help getting it in. Shannon was wet enough to take him easily, but as soon as he was fully inside her, he came again. He had a horrified look on his face and Shannon realized that she had to do something to reassure him.

"Good golly! Two loads! And that close together? Wow Cobble, you're amazing! It feels awesome! So much hot cum in my pussy... Keep going, Cobble, keep going!"

And that did it. His confidence bolstered the young gnome continued to fuck Shannon with great zeal and the vigor of youth. Truth be told, Shannon really did enjoy his efforts. He stayed hard and was eager to try anything she suggested. 

Shannon had shown him several positions including riding him and doggy style. She was tiring and laid down on her side with Cobble behind her. She lifted her top leg and he slid his cock in from behind and began thrusting. Shannon liked this position as it allowed her to rest. She was relaxing there when it happened. Cobble pulled out just a little too far in his exuberance and when he thrust, he thrust into Shannon's ass. Fortunately, there was so much fluid on his cock and her ass, plus the fact that she was so relaxed, that he entered her easily. In fact, he didn't realize he was in the wrong hole. Shannon gasped at the intrusion but quickly realized what had happened. She forced herself to lie there and fought to mentally relax and accept this. She was able to due mainly to the fact that it had been something she was curious about. And it actually did feel good. Her pussy was getting tired and sore, and the young gnome was still pounding away energetically. 

Suddenly he grunted and started cumming again. Shannon felt him fill her. In fact, she could feel his cock pulsing and pumping. The whole experience surprised and thrilled her. She squeezed his cock with her sphincter and was rewarded with a groan from Cobble. Finally, he noticed where his cock was buried and started to apologize.

"Don't worry about it sweetie! It's fine!" she said. "Well for some of us. Always ask if she wants it in her ass, don't assume." 

Shannon heard the warning bell tinkle and got up. She helped Cobble to wash off and dress. He dropped a tip in her bowl and as she opened the door, Shannon kissed him again. 

"You really are a good fuck Cobble. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did."

"Oh, I did! I really did! Thank you, I was so nervous, but you were great!"

As Cobble headed downstairs, Shannon saw Birdee in the hallway and waved her over.

"What's up Shannon?" she asked. "Oh! Was that your virgin fuck?"

"Yup, he was. But I have something to tell- no, show you." Shannon said and closed the door behind them. She leaned on the table, her ass towards Birdee and relaxed her sphincter. A trickle of cum began to ooze out of her ass and drip to the floor.

"Oh wow! You popped your ass cherry!" Birdee squealed. "How'd it go?"

"Swell! We were so wet and he accidentally pulled out and hit the wrong hole going in. It was a surprise but not painful. I think I like it."

"So are you gonna do more anal?"

"Probably..."

Birdee giggled. "Well just make sure you use lotsa lube and never let 'em go back in your pussy without washing first."

"It feels weird having both my pussy and my ass full of his cum." Shannon added as she reached for a robe. "Weird but nice too."

"Tell me about it!" Birdee said and they both giggled as they headed for the toilet.

Shannon had time to clean up, sip some rejuve, and rest for a little more than an hour before Birdee found her. 

"You feeling better? Because we've got customers! You won't believe what just walked in!"

"Huh? What?"

"TWO virgins!"

"Golly! I dunno, I'm still healing from the first one..."

"That's fine, I'll take the boy and you can take the girl..."

"Huh? Girl?"

"Yeah, twins. Brother and sister. It seems they planned on bringing the boy in after his birthday, but his sister found out and got sideways with 'em. Said she wanted to go too. Of course, her pa was aghast at her gettin' laid and all. But her ma was open ta the idea, then the gal said she didn't necessarily want a fella. Seems she's bi, or at least curious. She just wants an experience. So I'll take him to my room and you can take her to your room. Come on, it'll be fun!"

A few minutes later, wearing a simple outfit, Shannon entered the great room to find an unusual scene. The family of gnomes was there, gathered off to one side, with Gertie, Birdee and Claire. The parents, although anxious, looked like a nice couple, while the youngsters were stunningly beautiful. The siblings looked a lot alike with dark red, almost wine colored hair and big blue eyes, and bright eager smiles. When the daughter noticed Shannon, her smile beamed even brighter and she took Shannon's hands in hers.

"Hi! I'm Sophy!"

"Hi, I'm Shannon!"

"I take it you're gonna be my teacher?"

"Well, I'm your date, I'm kinda new at this myself. Let's just say we're gonna make some discoveries together."

"Sweet! Let's go!"

"Hey, I gotta ask, you are legal right?"

"Yuppers! We came of age three days ago. I am legally an adult now."

Getting the nod from Gertie, Shannon led Sophy upstairs. As they entered her room Sophy looked a little disappointed. "Not much here different than my room. I kinda expected something fancy or exotic."

"Yeah well, we've just barely got space for the few of us. Gertie keeps us frugal, wants us to save up for the future, you know?"

"Oh, yeah. Well, what do we do?"

"Huh?"

"To have sex, what do we do? I know what boys and girls do, but what do girls and girls do?"

Shannon sat on the bed and Sophy joined her.

"Look, I thought you knew or had experimented or done something..."

"Nope."

"Then why are you here?"

"To find out what my options are. Look," Sophy sighed, "I've never been really interested in boys and I know girls hook up. Then when I found out my Dad was bringing my brother here but had no plans for celebrating with me, I threw a fit. It wasn't fair. Mom sided with me. Dad said there was no way he was gonna let me get laid. I said it was wrong then for Greggory, that's my brother, to get laid. Mom said she would pay and told Dad not to worry, that they didn't have males in the house here. They didn't expect me to ask for time with a girl. But then it was too late. So, here I am."

Shannon smiled. "Smart move on your part I guess. But you don't know where to start?"

"No idea."

"How about kissing?"

"Never have."

"Really? Well, we HAVE to fix that!" Shannon said and leaned forward. 

She took Sophy in her arms and kissed her gently, softly and tenderly. Sophy melted into her and sighed. Several minutes passed as they explored each other's lips and mouths. Shannon caressed Sophy's face and finally broke the kiss. She looked into Sophy's big blue eyes and saw wonder and excitement. 

"How was that?"

"W-Wonderful... Sophy sighed. She placed a hand on Shannon's cheek and pressed her mouth to Shannon's again. As they continued to kiss, Shannon allowed her kisses to roam over Sophy's face, neck, throat, and ears. Each change of venue eliciting more sighs of pleasure from the gnomish maiden. 

As Shannon returned to the young lips she kept her left arm around Sophy but allowed her right hand to slip down to rest on Sophy's breast. A little gentle squeeze made Sophy moan softly. Deftly Shannon unlaced Sophy's bodice, untucked her blouse and slid her hand up underneath the clothing to the breast. As her hand cupped the bare flesh Sophy moaned louder and her kisses grew more passionate, hungrier. Shannon found the girl's nipple and toyed with it. Shannon's kisses roamed over to Sophy's ear and she whispered,

"Take off your clothes. I want to see you..."

Sophy hesitated only a moment before standing and stripping off her garments. She stood stiffly, her hands covering herself. "Your turn." 

Shannon stood and disrobed but posed with one hand on her hip and the other behind her head.

"Wow!" Sophy said. "You're so pretty!"

Shannon grinned. "Come on, don't be shy. Pose like this."

Sophy copied Shannon's stance and asked, "What do you think?"

"You look beautiful!" Shannon said. 

Sophy's figure had the leanness of youth, yet her hips and breasts had begun to fill out nicely. Her pussy was mostly bare with just a cap of the wine colored hair. Her ass was round and what guys called a bubble-butt. Her breasts were smaller than Shannon's but seemed firm. They were erect and proud, jutting out from her chest with no droop or sag whatsoever. Her nipples were small and red and sat in small bright pink circles high on her tits. Shannon stepped closer and touched those breasts gently. 

Sophy smiled at the touch and goose bumps raced across her skin. She tilted her head to one side and her lips parted. Shannon stepped up to Sophy and wrapped her arms around the slender waist as they kissed. As her hands explored Sophy's back and hips, Sophy mimicked the movements. The maiden trembled with excitement in Shannon's arms and Shannon slipped her tongue into Sophy's mouth as her hands squeezed the firm ass. 

After a few minutes, Shannon guided Sophy to the bed and lay next to her. They continued to kiss and Shannon's hand crept closer and closer to Sophy's womanhood. Soon she was cupping her pussy and gently rubbing. Sophy was mewling with pleasure as her own hand squeezed Shannon's breast. Shannon spread the girl's labia apart and began to run her finger up and down the wet slit. 

Sophy was caught in a rising flood tide of emotions: passion, desire, excitement, and yearning. Surprisingly fear, concern and doubt were not among them. She wanted this. She wanted to go ahead with whatever Shannon would do next. She had surrendered herself to the moment and her body reacted to the freedom it was granted. Her breathing became ragged, her heart pounded in her chest, her tiny body twitched, and her fluids flowed. Her mewling became whimpering and her eyes shut tightly.

Shannon knew the moment was here and slipped her finger into Sophy's wet pussy and penetrated her. She held it there, as deep as she could reach as the gnome cried out and tensed up. Then as Sophy began to relax a bit, Shannon began to fuck her. First with only one finger, then after a bit, with two. Sophy bucked and jerked and shook as the waves of unexpected pleasure overwhelmed her. Shannon maintained her pace and changed her angle slightly, allowing her to kiss and suck on Sophy's young breast. Sophy threw one arm around Shannon's head, pressing her tighter against her chest. Shannon's hand pumped faster and faster, her fingers making squishing sounds in Sophy's incredibly wet pussy. 

Sophy was beyond thought. Her mind was adrift in a tumultuous ocean of ecstasy. All she was aware of, was the sensation coming from her pussy and flowing throughout her body. She couldn't speak, she couldn't do anything but hold on tightly as Shannon's fingers drove her from one orgasm to the next. In truth, Sophy had no idea what an orgasm was, but now wave after wave hit her unmercifully. Her whole body shook and trembled. She knew only that this was what she wanted, needed and craved, and she didn't want it to end. 

Shannon raised her head and evaluated her companion. That Sophy was climaxing was obvious. That she was continuing to cum, over and over again was unbelievable! Shannon wondered if she should stop, then decided against it. She placed herself in Sophy's position. No, she would want to ride this passion as long as it lasted. Shannon knew Sophy was incredibly wet and a glance showed it was pink-tinged. So she had bled a little. It seemed to be flowing clear now and Shannon desperately wanted to taste it, but that would have to wait a little bit longer. She bent down and began kissing Sophy's throat. The gnome's whimperings changed to sobs and tears flowed from her eyes. Shannon finally slowed down, and then stopped fingering Sophy. She lifted her hand and stared at the wetness a moment before bringing it to her face. She inhaled the scent and then tasted it. It was sweet and delicious and Shannon sucked her fingers clean. 
