 Its funny how fate is sometimes, you know? One minute I was your average college student, halfway through my four years, and the next... Well, maybe I should start from the beginning.

Amanda stood before the window, staring out at the rainy day afternoon, absently chewing on her bottom lip as she watched the gray sky. She could see the dim reflection of herself in the water spotted glass but paid it little attention. At twenty, she was average height, standing five foot, four inches in bare feet. Her body was curved and a bit of an embarrassment for her with the full figure. Oh, she was happy with herself, mind you, but having been the chubby girl all through high school she always found it hard to believe guys might actually find her attractive. After a sniff, she gave way to the hopes that the rain would clear up and turned back to the bright computer screen, several windows flashing to indicate people had messaged her while she had been daydreaming. As a result to her outcast years in high school, Amanda had taken up internet role playing, indulging in sexual fantasies and fetishes along with the average quest and romantic storylines. Right now, her partner in crime, xlx_dirty_dreamer_xlx, had written a response to her opening post. The writer, which she assumed to be male but played both men and women, was always good for indulging her fantasies and this day it was no different. Curling up in the big soft chair, Amanda pulled the roller tray closer, which held her laptop. 

'The leopard watched in silence as the girl searched blindly in the dark, its hot cock slowly sliding from its sheath, sticky with precum. It growled, smelling the pheromones of frightened girl, before making its way towards her.' 

Amanda paused, her face already flushed with the idea of what was coming in the story. She could feel the press of her pink bikini briefs already begin to soak with her arousal. She loved playing the innocent girl victim to the ravaging of beast and monster alike. Hurriedly she slid from her seat and went to her bedroom door, making sure the lock was in place. Living with a father who worked around the clock had a lot of perks but she was always afraid he'd walk in one day while she was masturbating. After the lock she shucked off the t-shirt and shorts, followed by her soaked panties and cotton bra, tugging the ponytail holder from her shoulder length blonde hair. Absently she rubbed her 38D breasts before sliding her hands down her slightly rounded stomach to touch the bare lips of her pussy. She loved the feel of puffy lips and often played with herself if no one was around. She glanced at herself in the floor length mirror on her closet door, noting how her thigh squeezed together, as if to bar her fingers entrance as she slipped a finger in to tease her clit. With a soft whimper, Amanda ran back to the chair and sat down, her legs crossing to put pressure on her clit as she continued reading.

'...Just as the girl pinned herself back against the cool, mist covered stone wall the leopard pounced, purring at the startled scream the girl gave, knowing the chain around her right ankle would keep her from going far as she to move away.'

Amanda grinned, loving the anticipation building up even as she wanted to read about the leopard's tongue snapping away at the young girl's cunt. Just the idea made Amanda reach down and massage the flat of her hand against her bare pussy. Closing her eyes she laid her head back for a second, enjoying the tease, but it wasn't enough, she needed the stimulation of the words to help her imagination along. Withdrawing her hand she licked the line of her juices clean from her palm before beginning to type up a response.

'The girl screamed at the creature's sudden attack. She had been warned by her captures that if she wasn't a good girl she could very well find herself in great pain. Now she understood why. From what she could tell, the creature had a taste for human flesh and she was to be its next meal. With a dash she tried to move past it, crawling on her hands and knees until the chain caught her off guard and her right leg snapped out from under her. The girl fell down on her elbows as her left knee slipped from beneath her as well, spreading her legs wide even as ass bobbed in the air a little.'

With the pulse of anxiousness Amanda pushed enter and watched the message flash on the screen. She knew it would be a good five minutes before she gained a reply and she looked down at herself. Spreading her legs so that her feet rested with her heels digging into the chair, her knees bent and her thighs resting against the fat arms, she closed her eyes and began rubbing a finger against her clit. Oh, the things that creature could do to that vulnerable girl. She would be fucked silly of course. Perhaps forced to down that mighty slab of meat. She'd secretly love it, though, and find humiliation in that fact. 

Amanda's blue eyes opened briefly as she stilled her hand, unconsciously having slipped a finger inside of herself, finger fucking herself while massaging her clit with her thumb. The screen blinked and she smiled, using her left hand to scroll the script so she could read it perfectly as it began.

'The creature watched with amusement at the girl's vain attempt to gain freedom from its presence. Watching as she fell to her stomach the leopard once more pounced, this time positioning itself so that it stood above her, its hard cock, nudging against the back of her head. Leaning its head down it sniffed purposefully at her vulnerable cunt lips, blowing warm puffs of breath onto her skin. It gave a second, letting her absorb the position she was in before nuzzling her bare entranceway with its cold nose, the leopard using his tongue immediately after to part her lips and tease against the small budding clit.'

Amanda softly moaned after reading that, the fingers of her right hand immediately going to work on her clit, rubbing it hard and fast, thinking about being in the girl's place. Would she jerk and gasp with shock, or moan? Amanda knew she would moan and blush as her slit gushed with her juices, exposing her immediate arousal. The girl wouldn't enjoy the idea but would become aroused anyway, Amanda decided. Finally removing her right hand from her sex she sucked her fingers clean then began to type her reply. Just then there was a flicker of the lights, gaining Amanda's pause. She looked around curiously then swore as the power blinked off. Closing the blank laptop screen she shoved the roller desk away from the chair and stood up. She knew the power wouldn't come back until tomorrow, or even the next day, the house old and located in the middle of the country, giving them less priority over the city and suburb areas. 

Storming to her closet, Amanda opened the door and pulled out her robe, yanking it on with frustrated twists then going to lie down on her bed. Obviously she wasn't going to get the relief she wanted tonight and she was too angry to finish herself off. Closing her eyes Amanda sighed and snuggled into the soft bedding of her pillows and comforter, unaware of the pair of golden eyes that watched her from the darkness of the closet, watching as the young girl soon fell asleep.