 It had been a long day on vacation -- the tour through the English countryside turned out to be less pleasant than expected, and I just wanted to get away from the crowd. It can be a challenge to detach oneself from the tour director, but when our motor coach [aka BUS] stopped for tea in a lovely little village, I opted to go for a solitary walk instead. The little inn was right on the edge of town, and the nearby forest looked cool and green and shady -- maybe I could find a likely spot for a nap on the soft, mossy turf. 

As I drew near to the edge of the trees, I began to hear an intriguing sound, something like windchimes, but surely, there was more of a tune... wasn't there? It sounded fairly close, so I thought I'd just see if I could find the source of the compelling music. It was odd -- looking into the trees from the outside, it seemed one could see several yards into the forest, but as one progressed deeper in, the forest seem to close in behind you. I felt a momentary sense of unease. "I should go back," I thought, but then, the music caught my attention once again. Now, it seemed, I could hear the sounds of a flute along with the chimes. As I stood and listened, I began to be acutely aware of other sensations. The light filtering through the trees took on a golden/pink hue, gilding everything it touched. The air was soft against my skin, and I could smell wildflowers and moss, and spice, and ... something else, some delicious musk that had me breathing deeply to take it in. 

Without realizing it, I had walked even deeper into the forest, and now, I could hear the sounds of a bubbling stream, and what sounded like sweet, tinkling laughter, which, for some reason, sent delicious tingles down my spine. I was suddenly aware that I was unaccountably aroused. My full breasts seemed to plump within the restraints of my bra, and my nipples tingled. I brushed my fingers across them, surprised to find them hard and erect. I was also surprised at the silken texture of my clothing -- the jeans and tee-shirt I had been wearing and been transformed into a flowing gown of fine translucent silk. My hair had escaped its scrunchie, and fell in thick, gold waves down my back. 

I could hear, for a moment, the tour leader calling my name, and, with regret, I turned to retrace my step, when I heard another voice, deep and velvety, say, "Stay."

"Who's there? Where are you?"

No answer, except for the sounds of the laughing, bubbling stream. Then I heard, "Ahhhhhhhh,... so gooood" in that same deep voice. I should have been embarrassed, because there was no mistaking the reason for that sound. Someone was feeling very good, but rather than feel embarrassed, I became even more aroused. I could feel the pulling in my belly and nipples with every soft moan, and my cunt went hot and wet.

As I rounded a particularly huge and ancient oak, I finally saw the source of the voice, and of the earlier music. For some reason, I was not surprised to see a satyr lying on the banks of the stream, arms full of naked and nubile nymphs. One knelt between his legs, working his gigantic cock with hands and tongue, just suckling at the tip, at first, then sliding him deep down her throat. The other nymph sat astride his chest while he fingered her clit and licked her breasts.

I was transfixed, and just watching all the licking and fingering and sucking, I could not help but sigh. The three all looked toward me, and with inviting smiles, beckoned me closer. Suddenly shy, I shook my head and made to step away, but then the nymphs were by my side, taking me in their arms in welcome. "Come, lady," their voices sweet and liquid, "come, come be with us." One brushed my cheek before giving me a sweet kiss. She tasted of sweet spring water, and where she brushed over my breasts the silk became damp, molding over my distended nipples. The other laughed in delight at the sight, and leaned over to suckle me through the silk. As soft as it was, the silk abraded my sensitive breasts so that my knees went weak. 

Somehow, I found myself lying beside the satyr, who leaned on one elbow, looking down at me. Above the waist, his skin was coppery brown over rippling muscle and sinew. His black hair was tightly curled, long enough to curl around his elfin ears and the horns on either side. Below the waist, his legs became furred, animal-like, muscular and powerful. His cock was thick and long, bestial, hairy, still glistening from the nymphs' attentions. It pulsed and bounced, along with his heartbeat. 

"Lady, sweet lady. We have been waiting for you to come to us today." His voice was deep and dark. His deep obsidian eyes twinkled with good humor, yet were hot and smoky at the same time. 

"What do you mean? How could you have been waiting for me?"

"We have known you were coming since ages past, sweet lady. You belong to us." The nymphs murmured in agreement, at which, the satyr motioned for them to rejoin us. "Let us welcome you as you deserve."

The satyr stood, then went to sit, leaning against the oak between huge gnarled roots, and taking up his flute, began to play the tune that had led me into the forest. The music itself moved over my now naked body, warm and soothing, yet exciting at the same time. The nymphs were one on each side of me now, and it just seemed the most natural thing to curve my arms around them, and draw them close, kissing first one, then the other. With a naughty laugh, each one took an arm and lightly pinned me to the earth. Halfheartedly, I tried to free myself, only to find that I was securely held down. I felt a little spear of fear that only made me hotter, and when one of the nymphs bent to teasingly lick my nipple with the tip of her tongue, I heard someone groan, and say, "ohhh, oh, oh, please." 

They felt like warm silky water flowing over my body, and their mouths were hot and wet. Each one caressed a breast, then bent to suckle me deep and hard. One lightly bit one nipple, then pulled and plucked me until I thought I would scream. Perhaps I did. Someone did. The music took on an urgent note, building to a crescendo as I came to the edge of orgasm, then subsiding, as the nymphs soothed instead of driving me over the edge. 

My hands were free now, and I embraced one of the nymphs, holding her close. We kissed, exploring each other's mouths. I suckled her tongue even as my hand found her breasts. They were small and neat, fitting in the palm of my hand. Her nipples were thick, and I took pleasure in rolling them, tweaking them, pulling them, before I took her into my mouth. Just as I began to suckle her, the other nymph put her hot mouth over my dripping creamy cunt. Her tongue was just a bit rough, and when she licked my clit I arched up and clutched her between my thighs. I am afraid I did bite down that other sweet titty, but laughter was the only response. The nymph's tongue was long and supple, lapping and licking and sucking my clit, then tongue fucking me. The next thing I knew, my legs were open so wide, with my knees up to my ears, and both nymphs were feasting on me, one sucking my clit while the other penetrated me with fingers and tongue, then trading off. I came and came and came, but there seemed to be no end, and the licking and sucking went on and on, until everything exploded in stars and raging fire before going black.

The satyr kissed me awake, and I found that I was cradled in his arms. His hand was cupping my mound gently, and I could feel one think fingertip just flirting at the opening of my vagina. Amazingly, I was still wet, still steaming hot. I moved just a little, trying to get that finger to slide in deeper. 

"Calmly, now, sweeting, calmly." What was meant to be soothing, I thought, was only making me crave more. Chuckling, the satyr added, "You nearly brought the outside down upon us, shrieking as you came. It has been many an age since one had that power. They will have many a tale to tell about what they heard in the forest today."

"They? You mean..."

"I mean the outside world sweet lady. They are looking for you. They want you back. I do not blame them." With my head resting against his chest, I could feel the vibration of his voice as he spoke, and hear the strong beating of his heart. His chest was hard and firm. When I realized one flat nipple was near, I turned to give it a lick. I was rewarded by hearing his heart beat speed up, and finally, that thick middle finger slid inside to stroke that sweetest of spots. I was bereft when he withdrew it, and then sat me up beside him.

"Lady. Attend. They are seeking you. What is your wish, sweetling? Do you want to return to the outside?"

Did I? I had a life out there, a job, friends, even a lover. They had all been banished from my mind since, well, since I heard the first ringing chime and note from the flute. I still didn't really understand. Those things remembered form the outside world began to fade again as the satyr began to gently squeeze my breasts, rubbing his thumbs over the rosy nipples. He did so almost absently, as though he just couldn't help himself. His voice went thick raspy as he went on.

"This is a magic place, sweet lady, not often found by those outside. Most do not have the eyes to see or ears to hear, nor the body to respond to the delights in this country. You have found us. You have taken all the nymphs can give, and still, you are ready." His hands now stroked my thighs once again, and, again, as though he could not help it, his thumb delved into me. I shuddered around it, clutching tight. "You must choose, lady." He stroked in and out, in, pressing deep, out again.

How could I choose, when his fingers plied my clit as they did? How could I think with his thick thumb pressing inside me? His hands froze suddenly, and our eyes locked, and for a moment, I could clearly hear the outside world. A search party was combing the forest, searching for me, calling my name. "If you call out now, they will hear you, and find you."

"What should I do?" I whispered, and I realized I did not want to be heard by the searchers.

He did not speak, but I heard his voice in my mind, joined by the bubbling voices of the nymphs, now playing in the water. I could see them making love, pleasuring each other. "Stay, lady. Stay with us. Be with us."

My gaze dropped from his, and as I looked down, I saw his fingers between my thighs, still on me, still in me. His cock was impossibly erect, hard, thick, throbbing, seamed with thick, engorged veins, looking like a young bull's. I took a deep breath, opened my mouth and...

I took that first little drop of cum with the end of my tongue, then laved it around the smooth, velvety head of his enormous penis. I was not sure how I was going to take that inside me, I only knew that had to have it. Unlike the nymph, I wasn't able to take all of him in my mouth, so I tried to make up for it in other ways. I held his shaft in one hand, stroking where I couldn't suck, and with the other, cradled and caressed his balls. His hand in my hair guided me, showing me how he liked it. I nibbled at the underside of his cock, felt him shudder and heard him moan, that deep voice vibrating right to my bones. Just when I thought he'd pour into my mouth, he pulled me off his cock. "Not yet, lady."

He lay me on my back and came over me, spreading my thighs open wide and cradling himself there. I could feel that throbbing cock. I wanted it in me, but he just rubbed and teased me with it. I wanted to wrap my legs around him, but he held me back. Taking my wrists in one hand, he held my arms above my head. His mouth found mine, and with his tongue demonstrated what he would be doing in my cunt, soon, I hoped. If I had thought the nymphs' mouths were hot, his was scalding, and his tongue was slick and rough, all at the same time. His mouth on my breasts had me arching up to me him. He rolled the nipples with his lips and tongue, the used his teeth to draw them out. The nipples where bright cherry red with arousal, and when he just breathed on them, I felt an electric jolt all the way to my pussy. His cock was riding there, rubbing between my thighs, and I tried to move so he might slip in, but he held my hips still. He sat back on his powerful haunches then, and just looked at me while he opened and fingered my labia. Dipping one finger into my cream, he used it to lubricate around my throbbing and distended clit, before he bent his head and clamped his mouth down on me. 

Had I said "someone" screamed? I knew now that someone was me, because I was howling now while that blazing hot mouth devoured me. His tongue snaked around and around my clit, and then he sucked, strong enough to pull me up with him when he lifted up. My legs were around his neck, and I took his head by his horns to keep his mouth where it was, doing the things it was doing. And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, he drove his tongue deep inside me. Shrieking, howling, I ground my pussy against him while I poured honeyed cream. And while I was howling, he came up with a growl and rammed his cock into my clutching cunt. The pain was exquisite, and with each thrust he pounded himself deeper and deeper. Still I screamed, but not in pain -- I screamed for more, more, more, more. "Harder," I begged, "deeper, more, fuck me more. Fuck meeeee fuuuuck meeeee."

No doubt they would have stories to tell, of fearsome demons and banshees shrieking in the woods, howling monsters devouring unfortunate victims, rending them so that no trace was ever found. But it's probably just me, riding my satyr's cock, or pleasuring my loving nymphs, or being pleasured by all three. Can there be any doubt? I stayed.