 I came back to my senses slowly, eyes closed, still savoring the delicious aftershocks of the latest in a series of screeching, pounding orgasms. My cunt was sore from such misuse, but still wet, still hot, somehow, still ready for more. I became aware of the sound of the running brook, and I could envision the cool, sparkling water as it ran over the small rapids. I could hear the leaves rustling and feel the warm breeze caressing my sated body. I thought of all I had felt and done since wandering into the woods that sunny morning. Soft, loving water nymphs, had had their way with me, my first same sex encounter, it had been lovely and exciting. My burning cunt could use a little cooling water nymph right about now. Then, the satyr; oh, there are really no words to describe the feel of that long, rough, tongue swirling up and down my slit, around the clit and then deep into me, somehow, feeling rock hard. And even that sensation pales in comparison to my satyr's throbbing and enormous cock. I was dimly aware of being bathing in his cum, but his erection seemed to never diminish. He'd pour his cum, then move to my mouth, between my breasts, and yes, even to my ass. He was beyond caring if I consented to that, and I was beyond caring, period. I was so sopping wet with my own juices and his thick cum, he just slipped right into my asshole before I could even think to object. There would have no way to tell screeches of pain from screams of orgasm, anyway, because, with his cock in my ass and his fingers in my cunt and working my clit I came, I came, I came.

Water nymphs? A satyr? How crazy is that? I must have dreamed it all, must still be dreaming, because I am feeling hands soothing and tongues lapping gently, over my swollen, reddened breasts, and between my splayed open legs. I open my eyes to find it is not a dream, this wonderful place is real, and I am being bathed by those darling nymphs. But now there are three. My legs fall open even further – I am dying for someone to touch me there. How can I have become so insatiable? Perhaps it was something in the water. Closing my eyes again, and still in a half-doze, I can feel my nipples tightening and tingling as the lovely beings flow over my body. I become aware of suckling at each breast, and then, finally, the tiniest of licks flicker over my clit. I am so sensitized, it is enough to make me moan and I lift my hips, trying to get closer. The nymphs sucking my nipples are also holding my arms down, so I can't reach down to encourage the feasting. Surprisingly, when I try to squirm loose, I get a sharp slap on my clit, followed by the nip of teeth on my tits. 

"Behave. Be still. You must now obey our commands." My nipples are pulled and twisted, hard, and metallic clamps with a chain between are attached to each. It hurts, but it hurts so good. 

"You must wear these at all times. When you are wanted for fucking, your chain will be pulled. You will then accommodate whoever, whatever, and wherever. You will be wanted often."

"Does…" I feel afraid, not sure if I am allowed to speak. And of course, there is a hungry nymph now sliding her tongue through my cunt. That feels so … delectable. I would open my legs wider if I could. I sigh, dreamily, letting myself sink into the sensation. Another sharp slap, this time on my left breast, brings me back.

"You must pay attention to me. Sylva will have her way with you as long as she wants. Then, you will suck her and fuck her, until she screams. "Does" what?"

"What?" Another slap, this time on the right breast, followed by a sharp tug on the chain. As I draw in a breath, my dominant nymph growls for me to keep quiet. 

"We are not interested in your sighs and moans. I will tell you when you may cum and when you may scream. You were going to ask a question. You may ask it now."

"Oh, I remember." Sylva's tongue slides deep inside me. Her fingers work my clit. "Does "wherever, mean, like a location, or an orifice?" 

Domina, as I now think of her, smirks in response, and lands a slap on my belly. "What is it you say in the outside? All of the above? Cum now." Slap. On my clit. "Cum now." Slaps and then a hard tug on my nipple chain. "Cum. Now." 

Inexplicably, I do, but as I open my mouth to moan out my pleasure, Domina slaps her hand over my mouth and nose. "Silently, if you want to breathe." My body bucks and jerks with my orgasm, and I just cannot help but moan, just a little, as Sylva laps up my molten honey. And then, all pretense is gone. "Domina" and the third nymph come together over me now, with hot kisses and roaming hands. Tentatively, because I have never done this before, I reach to fondle each cunt, and I am rewarded with giggles and coos, delighted laughs of surprise, Domina's smile is now sunny and sweet, as she tenderly fondles her partner's sweet, small buds of breasts. That pair moves to one side, as Sylva swarms up my body. She takes the chain, and slowly, slowly pulls my nipples out. I can see that, somehow, my nipples are not clamped, but now pierced. It ought to hurt, but it just makes me want more. I can feel the pulling in my cunt, and I want to be fucked again. I try to reach down so I can fondle my clit, but Sylva stops me, and says, "My turn."

With Sylva straddling over my face, it is the most natural thing in the world to taste her juices. "Maeve is going to go down on you now. Whatever you feel her doing, that is what you do to me." And so it goes. Maeve sucks my clit, I suck Sylva's. Maeve licks up and down, one finger rimming my anus. I do the same for Sylva, and while I eat Sylva's cunt, I can see that she is working on Domina, and just to keep things interesting, Maeve pushes her soft round bottom up in the air so the satyr can penetrate her ass.

Time becomes meaningless. We could have fucked for hours, or for days, I don't know. It all became a red haze of lust and cum, and everyone came and came again, yet no one was satiated. I would think, "I'm exhausted now, no more," then someone would rub or kiss or suckle, and it would all begin again. Finally, as the sun was rising, shining through the morning mist, the satyr brought our loving to a close. I truly was exhausted. He instructed the nymphs to bathe me.

"Gently now. We must make her ready for the archer. He will surely want to take her." I gathered enough to understand that for the archer, whoever that was, to "take me," was a good thing; the nymphs smiled with pride and satisfaction, not satiation, though. They kept sneaking fingers inside me and over my clit, and rolling my nipples when they thought the satyr was not looking. I could see that he was, however, and that he was stroking the length of his huge, throbbing dick, that club-like, hairy cock that I suddenly wanted again, in my mouth, deep in my cunt, up my ass, anywhere he might care to put it. I reached out with one hand, and with the merest movement of my fingers, beckoned him to me. I was just about to lick a shining pearl of semen from the tip of his penis, when hunting horns pealed in the distance. I could almost see what he was thinking; can I let her suck me, just for a little while? I took the length of him in my hands, and swirled my tongue around, like I was eating an ice cream cone. His deep, rumbling groan vibrated to my toes. The hunting horns sounded again, much closer, and he pulled away from me. He pulled on my nipple chain, so that I had to rise to my feet, and after one last suckling for each, and one last fingering, he turned me around, with my back to him, And though I could feel his cock throbbing against my ass, and though I arched back toward him in blatant invitation, he pushed me away, albeit squeezing my ass cheeks at the same time.

"Go, cross the stream. The path will bring you to a meadow, and there, if we are fortunate, you will meet your destiny here. Do not fret, though, lady, you will taste me again. I will bury my cock in you, again. I will feast on your body again. Now, go to the archer."

"How will I know him? Is it safe?"

"Safe? Not hardly. But if you had wanted safety, you would have returned to the outside world when you had the chance. Go."

Heart pounding in fear, expectation, arousal, I took the path the satyr indicated. The nymphs swarmed over him as I stepped away, and by the time I had crossed the stream, the fucking had resumed. Domina was bent over in front of him, and I could hear his balls slapping her ass as he drove into her, I went on. Surely enough, I eventually stepped into a clearing, the sun bright and blinding after the dimness of the forest. Two wood nymphs met me, and, unlike my watery loves, proceed to handle me, but in a business-like appraisal. They approved of the nipple chain, with diamond studs winking in the sunlight. Each one took a breast in her hands, rubbing and squeezing, for all the world as though buying a melon. Even so, when one flicked one nipple, a shiver ran down my spine, and my knees buckled.

"Good. She's in a high state of readiness."

"Here, feel how wet she is. Satyr always prepares them well. See, probe deep. She is sopping wet. And still hot." Her fingers, slick from my juices, slid into my cunt.

"But feel how tight she is. She will never accommodate the archer."

In spite of the inflaming fondling, I was getting a bit annoyed at their speaking like I wasn't even there, when of course we all knew I was there, especially the one that now had her mouth on my clit.

"Mmmm. She does taste good, though."

"Hey, wait just one minute." As I opened my stance to give her better access, I thought it was time to assert myself. "I think I can accommodate anyone you want me to. I took the satyr, after all, I took him over and over and over, and I'd be taking him now if those hunting horns hadn't interrupted us."

They just laughed. "And so do we all, my dear, so do we all. In fact, we'll be taking him as soon as ever possible, once the archer comes for you. Satyr, and all his brothers. Ummmmm. Good fucking."

"And Minotaur will be there tonight. I love to hook my legs over his horns while he uses that big thick tongue on me. What a lovely brute he is."

"Have you fucked the archer?" I ask.

"Oh, heavens, no – well, I've gone down and licked what I can, but get fucked? By the archer? No, no. No." She went a little pale as she contemplated the idea, and I began to feel apprehensive. For a moment, I thought I heard the search parties, just outside the clearing.

"If you call out, they will hear you. This is the last time you will have the chance to leave this place."

I actually took a breath, as though to call for help, when I saw him coming out of the forest, across the meadow, and I was stunned into silence. I knew it had to be him, and he was the archer, as in Sagittarius, as in a centaur. This was no pony-sized centaur, nor even a thoroughbred sized centaur. This being was the size of medieval warhorses, as big as the biggest of Belgians stallions, standing 19 hands at the whithers, and the human torso was proportionate in size, strongly muscled, broad at the shoulder, narrowing where the transition to horse began, Hanging beneath him was a huge club of penis, thick and throbbing, even at rest. Even as fear like I had never felt before stabbed through me, my cunt began to pulse and to pour molten-hot lava, my breasts tightened and tingled, nipples thick and erect. Oddly, he looked as stunned as I, as our eyes locked across the open meadow. Oh my. I stood, rooted to that spot as he began to come toward me. His cinnamon-colored skin rippled over his muscular chest and shoulders. His long hair was a black as a raven's wing, but his eyes were a bright sky-blue, and when he smiled, my heart melted. His cock bounced with every step he took toward me, growing longer, thicker, rock-hard. And as he came toward me, something else was happening – he was shape-shifting, his huge horse body becoming a fully human body, still muscular and huge in every respect. When he knelt before me, his head still came to a level with my breasts.

"Lady. Welcome to this place. I have been awaiting your arrival." His huge hands cupped my breasts, kneading, gently at first, then more firmly. He hooked a finger into the chain, and pulled. I could feel my nipples swell; he rolled and plucked them. I had no coherent response to his welcome. I was trembling with fear; his cock seemed like a baseball bat, thick, ridged with veins. I was trembling with arousal; even though it seemed impossible, I wanted him inside me. My cunt trembled with longing.

"How can this happen?" I didn't realize I had spoken, even in a whisper. I looked around me – the two wood-nymphs had disappeared – the archer and I were alone in the sunlit meadow. Realizing I had spoken aloud, I went on. "What is this place? How can you have been waiting for me?" I stepped away from the archer. There would be no more fucking until I got some answers. Well, there might be a little more fucking, if you counted his hand on my cunt. One thick finger teased the opening of my vagina, rimming around just inside, no deeper than to one knuckle, then sliding out, in, then out. I had to lean forward, hands on his shoulders, to keep from falling to the ground as my knees buckled with the sensation. I ran my fingers through his long hair, them took two fistsful, to hold him in place when he began to suckle my breasts, one, then the other. I loved the way he rolled each nipple with his tongue, then applied just a bit of traction, lightly scraping with his teeth. I wondered how that technique would feel on my clit. The very idea nearly made me cum. 

Releasing my tits from his mouth, the archer answered me. "This is a parallel dimension, existing within your reality, what we call the outside world. We are able to see into the outside at times, we can see those who belong to us, those who will be coming to us. I claimed you for mine when I first saw you, since then, I have been your destiny. Your puny lover could never satisfy this." His finger slid deep into me, stroking the magical g-spot. My cunt clenched around it, resisting its withdrawal, making the friction even more intense, and I shuddered in response, then melted to the ground as my knees went boneless. He covered me. I am not a petite woman, but under him, I was, comparatively, like a child. Then, settling back on his haunches, he took hold of my knees and spread me open wide, knees up to my shoulders. Everything was open to him. He brought my steaming, wet cunt to his mouth, and I began to scream, incoherently. I grabbed his hair in my fists, I thought, to pull him away, but my body had a different agenda, and I pressed him down against me as I felt his tongue slide in me, deep. His hands reached around my legs to grip my tits, hard, pinching the pierced nipples. I bent my knees over his shoulders and began to ride him. One hand released a breast and smacked my ass, hard, again and then again. The stinging pain shocked me – that was no love tap - I would have welts and bruises. And then, judging me ready, he took away his mouth, replacing it with his gigantic cock. I felt the head against my opening, then, without warning he rammed it into me, pressed in, and rocked there for a few beats, then withdrew, slowly, only to ram me again. His pace gradually quickened, pounding into me like a pile-driver. I couldn't even scream anymore, I could only whimper. At some point, he came out long enough to turn me over, and pulling my ass up, the pounding began again, the stallion taking his mate.

And so the days pass here. And if you are walking in a forest somewhere, maybe you will come upon a satyr dallying beside a brook. You might meet your destiny here, but it won't be with the archer. The archer is mine.