 Author's note: the following story is pure fiction and any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental. This story contains explicit material and any reader who is not over the age of 18 must exit now.

* * * * *

"So why are you here tonight?" I asked, looking at the woman sitting on the couch across from me in the studio. She had said that her name was Tracie and she was 28 years old. She was attractive though not beautiful. Mostly though she was big. I guessed that she was 5' 11" or six feet even maybe and probably weighed no less than 200 pounds. She was dressed in a nice cream-colored brocade suite that didn't give a hint of whatever was under it.

"I think I have the world's largest natural breasts" she said "and I thought you might have the contacts I need to get it checked out for the book of world records."

I was the host of the nation's first sex talk and porno channel, the only television channel currently licensed to broadcast full frontal male and female nudity as well as penetration. That gave me the leeway to broadcast what most of the viewers wanted to see ... horny people satisfying their lusts. I said "Yeah, I know Perry has the number for the Guinness people and we can get that for you. Show us your boobies, honey."

She started unfastening the buttons on the brocade jacket, saying "I don't know if they have such a category yet but I understand there is a set procedure for adding categories." She pulled the jacket back to her shoulders and lifted the white satin bra, which was a huge holster. Her tits were revealed in all their glory.

"Holy mackerel" I said. "Those are some huge hooters. Are they all natural?"

"Yes, they are completely natural. You want to check them out?"

"Yeah. Come over here, hon, and let me test those things." She got up and walked around the broadcast booth and I turned so that she stopped right between my legs. If I had pressed forward, I would have had a face full of titties. I reached out both hands and took hold of her right globe and began to carefully maneuver my fingers so that I could feel the makeup of the tit. For sure there was nothing that felt even remotely like an implant but I was taking my time and inspecting all of her boob. When I finished that one, I switched and began to knead her left one.

"Have these things ever lactated, sweetheart?"

"Not for nursing purposes but yes, it is easy to get them to produce milk. I was a contributor to the Human Milk Banking Association. Its hard to get my tits to stop once they are started. If you wanted to get them going, all you'd have to do is suck on the nipple for about ten minutes and you'd get milk."

"Really? That is ... really sexy, sugar. I'd like to try that."

"Okay, you can."

"I'll save that until later, okay. What size do you say your boobs are?"

"Well, I have to have my bras special made and they are sixty-four triple M."

"Sixty-four triple M. Wow! That is big. Now how about showing us your ass, sweetie."

Without batting an eye, she pushed her skirt and panties down and I got a flash of brown curly pubic hair over her pussy just as she was turning to show her ass to me. She was big, as I knew she would be, a real broad but she had a fairly well defined waist and her buttocks were rounded nicely even if they were outsized. That made the package very attractive. I said "Do you mind if I touch it?"

"No, that's all right" she replied over her shoulder. She had bent over and put her hands on her knees so that I had better access to her ass and the cameras could see what I saw. I took her hips in both hands and slowly worked my hands all over her ass, finally reaching the spot where the curve of her globes met the downward trend of her legs. Between her legs the puffy lips of her pussy were plainly visible and I let my fingertips "innocently" stroke them while I continued to rub the contours of her ass. I felt her shiver slightly and said "Wow, honey, that's a really nice ass. I would love to have a piece of that."

"Would you?" she asked, looking over her shoulder.

"Yeah, I would. Do you mind?"

"No, that's okay" she said.

I stood, pushing my chair back a few inches to give me room. My pants were specially made for just such an opportunity and with one tug on a Velcro strip, they opened and fell to the floor. Since I was not wearing any underwear, my raging ten-inch hard-on snapped up looking for a conquest. I pointed it at her pussy and rubbed it up and down her crease, letting our combined juices lubricate the shaft. Then I eased forward and my spear was welcomed into a soft, warm, slick environment. Just as I pushed against her buttocks, I spread my legs so the permanent floor camera could do its work. I glanced over to one of the high mounted monitors and saw the root of my tool surrounded by her fleshy opening. It was a hot sight and my brain loved all the sensations it was receiving. I started to pump her slowly.

"Hey, Paulie?" The voice was from Perry, my producer.

"Yeah?"

"The switchboard just lit up. Callers want to know if they can see her boobs at the same time. How about you get her to stand up straight and hold her tits. We'll split the screen between them and the point of penetration. Okay?"

"Yeah, that's good. Stand up straight, sweetie." She stood up and I pulled her back until her face was beside mine. I put my arms around her and tried to fondle her big boobs and for the first time in my memory, I felt inadequate because there was so much boob that they just overflowed even my ham-sized hands. I kneaded them as best I could, being sure to keep her big nipples where they could be seen to the best advantage. I put my mouth beside her ear and whispered "You've got a great pussy, sweetheart." She smiled and murmured something. I glanced up to see that the screen had been split and the top part showed my hands on her tits while the bottom showed my cock in her cunt and my scrotum bouncing around as I moved my dong in her.

To my microphone, I said "People, this woman has a really hot cunt. It feels great to be inside her and I personally like the feel of her ass as I bang her. These tits are really great too. There's nothing artificial about them. They are soft and smooth and yet, as you could see before I got hold of them, even though they are obviously real heavy there's not much sag to them. What little slope is there is sexy to me and I think will be to any man who likes a woman with big tits. Hey, Perry?"

"Yeah, Paulie?"

"I'm getting close. Do you want to get this with the fiber camera?"

"Sure. Hold it a minute."

I didn't really hold anything, knowing that I wasn't that close yet. Still I talked into the microphone "We're going to add one more split to the screen. We have another camera, as you know, that uses a small fiber optic cable as the eye of the camera. We're going to insert the cable into Tracie's pussy so you can see what happens when I cum." I turned to Tracie and asked "Is that all right with you, hon?"

"Uh, huh" she responded dreamily.

Seconds later, Perry dropped to one knee in front of her and inserted a little black cable into her cunt right along the big vein on the bottom of my cock. Actually the cable was five cables wrapped tightly together, with the outer four providing very bright light directly in front of the center cable, which contained the eye of the camera. Carefully he worked it up into the woman, watching the new segment of the screen as it went up. When it was just past the spot where the rim of my helmet stopped with each plunge, he taped the tube to the inside of her leg so it would stay in place as we moved, put the rest of the camera on the floor between her legs and went back to his desk.

No sooner had Perry left than I dropped my right hand between her legs and began to finger her clitty. From her sounds, I knew it wouldn't take long and it didn't ... about two minutes of teasing and she screeched and shivered and nearly fell down. I had to hold her upright while I pounded her for a few more strokes and then my balls emptied into her cunt.

With short movements of my cock, I watched the monitor as each spurt of sticky white cum splattered the walls of her pussy. I noticed her eyes were as wide as saucers as she watched the monitor and saw the white cream began to roll down the walls of her dark red flesh. And then she climaxed again!

Perry came over and gently removed the camera from her wet cunt. I whispered in the girl's ear "I'd like to talk to you some more after the show. Can you wait for me in the lounge?" She nodded and when she could stand on her own, I let her walk away and get dressed again. I left my limp cock out for a couple of minutes because the viewers expected to see it, then I pulled up my pants and fastened them again.

Ten minutes later, I had wrapped up the show and walked into the lounge. She was sitting on a sofa with a dazed look on her face. I asked "How ya doing?"

"'kay" she replied. "Didn't really think I'd get fucked by you when I came here."

"Why not? If you watch the show, you know that I fuck a lot of women."

"Yeah, but not big blobs like me."

"Honey, beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I think you're sexy as hell."

"Yeah? Thanks."
 "I mean it. I asked you to stay because I wanted to ask if you'd spend the night with me."

"Really? You want to spend the night with me?"

"Yes. I do! Will you?"

"Sure. Okay. Yeah, that sounds like fun. Just you and me, right?"

"Right, baby. Just you and me. Just my dick and your boobs."

She laughed. "I like that. Let me call my boyfriend and tell him I wont be home tonight."

Forty-eight minutes later, I kissed her and watched her again remove the pretty brocade suit, step out of her panties and then remove the huge bra. We didn't get much sleep that night, at least not until after sun up, but we fucked every way I could think of and she let me suck her tits off and on all night, including one stretch where I sucked on each one for over ten minutes, until the milk began to flow from her nipples. She didn't seem too upset with me and ultimately I drank several ounces of warm sweet milk from her tits. Before she went to sleep, she had swallowed a load of my cum, I had deposited two loads deep in her pussy, and the last load was oozing from her bowels. She had cum fourteen times and her pussy was a slimy mess of our combined juices, which left us laying in a large wet spot on the bed. I didn't care ... I couldn't remember ever having more fun with one woman in a single night. With luck, there would be more of these nights every so often.