 Author's note: the following story is pure fiction and any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental. This story contains explicit material; any reader who is not over the age of 18 must exit now.

*

"So, Freddie, where are you from?" I asked the swarthy-skinned but clean and clean-shaven young man standing at a studio microphone. I was the host of the nation's first sex talk and porno channel, the only television channel currently licensed to broadcast full frontal male and female nudity as well as penetration. That gave me the leeway to broadcast what most of the viewers wanted to see ... horny people satisfying their lusts.

"I'm from Puerto Rico" he said with the soft south-of-the-border accent. I was looking at the scantily clad young woman sitting on the sofa and noted that her expression did not change. Good. No prejudice there. I didn't expect it of a porn star but you never knew.

"Where do you live now?"

"Here in New York" he replied. The second word in the name came out sounding like "Yawk".

"How long have you lived here?"

"We moved here when I was five. That was twenty-one years ago."

"Okay" I said. "That makes you a hardened New Yorker then. Do you know why you are in the studio today?"

"Yeah, Perry said that I was gonna play Butt Billionaire."

"That's right" I said. "If you can correctly answer three of five questions, you get to have anal sex with Sarah here. Is that all right with you?"

"Sure" he said, grinning and leering at Sarah.

"Sarah" I said "how about giving Freddie a look at what he wins if he gets the right answers?"

Sarah was wearing a pair of black stretch pants that hugged her curvy form, along with a sleeveless black shirt that was cut low in front to show her very ample cleavage. With a smile, she stood and turned around. Bending over slightly, she slowly pulled her pants and g-string down to mid-thigh, revealing an ass that was nearly as round as a large beachball. Any heterosexual man that didn't like that sight would have to be blind. I got an immediate hard-on.

"So how do you like that, Freddie?" I asked.

"That looks fantastic" he replied. Sarah slowly pulled her pants back into place, turned and sat back down. She was smiling sexily, knowing the effect she had on men.

"Sarah, do you like to have anal sex?"

"Well, yeah! Of course" she said. "I've always liked it."

"Do you have to do much to get prepared for it?"

"Naw, its really easy for me."

"Oh? What do you do?"

"Well, you know, its just a state of mind. I just need a few seconds. I just think about how good its gonna feel when I get that hard cock up my butt and it begins to relax."

"Okay. I'm sure Freddie will be ready when you are. Now let's see if he can answer the questions correctly." I turned to Freddie and picked up my list of questions and answers. "Here we go, Freddie. In the Gregorian calendar, name one of the two months named after one of the Caesars."

"July."

"July ... is a correct answer. August is the other one."

"Great" my side-kick Bobbin said. "Just two more correct answers to go."

"Okay" I said. "Question number two is multiple choice. Leap year has how many days? Is it 364, 365, 366, or 367?"

"Um ... leap year has 366 days."

"That is correct" I said.

"Wonderful" Bobbin responded. "He's doing great. Three questions to go and he just needs one correct answer."

"Are you feeling good about the situation, Freddie?" I asked.

"Yeah, man. I think I can win." 

"Sarah, Freddie's doing pretty good and he's got a great chance to be the next Butt Billionaire. Are you ready to give it up if he gets one of these next three questions right?" I asked.

She gave me a shit-eating grin "I'm ready, Paulie. I'm always ready."

"Well, Freddie, if you do get one right, show us the equipment you'll be using on Sarah."

Freddie unfastened his pants, pulled down his jockeys and displayed a hard seven-incher.

"Nice tool" I said. "Step out of those clothes and put them on that chair. I just know you're going to get one of these right." Freddie did as instructed and stood at the microphone with his dong sticking up like a flesh-colored banana. 

"All right" I said. "Question number three is this. Former president John F. Kennedy was a member of what group of the armed forces? Was he in the army, navy, air force, or marines?"

"Uh ... President Kennedy was in ... the ... navy."

Everyone in the studio clapped and cheered and I hollered "That's right, Freddie. And you are a Butt Billionaire!" I glanced over at Sarah and she was clapping and cheering too. I think she was genuinely happy for him. I said "Come on, Sarah. Get ready to give Freddie his reward." 

Sarah pushed her pants and g-string down and put them on the sofa, then pulled off her top as well. Then as naked as a jay bird, she pranced around the booth and stopped in front of me, standing over the remote-controlled camera. With her butt cheeks and tits bouncing with every step, I would have been hard pressed to describe a sexier woman.

I showed Sarah where to stand, just above the camera, and waved Freddie over. He would stand behind her and she would bend over, as it turned out using me to prop on. 

She bent over, then pulled her buttocks apart with both hands, sighed and said "I'm ready." The image on the monitor showing the close-up of her anus clearly displayed that she had already lubricated her puckered little hole. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Bobbin hand Freddie a tube of lube to put on his cock.

"Okay, Freddie" I said. "Sarah says she's ready for you to enter her anus." Freddie pointed his erection at her puckered opening, which began to open just before he touched her. The meeting of his arrow and her target appeared plainly on the monitor hung from the wall I was facing, as well as others situated around the studio.

Freddie eased forward and we all watched the head of his cock disappear into her ass hole. I could almost feel it when the monitor displayed that her sphincter closed around his shaft just past the rim of his helmet. Freddie was slow and deliberate, just as he should be, determined to make the most of his big moment.

When he finally pressed against her globes, Sarah let go of her ass and grabbed my legs to steady herself. As Freddie began to slowly pull back out, Sarah tugged on the Velcro holding my pants together, quickly opening them and releasing my unfettered cock. She captured my ten inches of manhood in both hands and I saw her tongue flash out to lick its purple throbbing head. While Freddie slowly fucked her ass, she not-so-slowly sucked my cock. Perry sent an intern around to insert the fiber camera into Sarah's ass alongside Freddie's dick and taped it to his leg and had another intern bring a hand-held camera around to show Sarah's mouth working on my schlong. He split our output screen into four quadrants to show Sarah sucking my cock, Sarah's anus being pillaged, the inside of Sarah's bowels as the intruder moved back and forth, and Freddie's face as he savored his winnings.

Sarah had a little trouble staying with me whenever Freddie pulled out of her ass so I grabbed onto a handful of both her big heavy tits and held on tightly, using them to make sure he did not pull her back away from my cock. It was a magnificent fuck that took most of the ten minutes we had left in broadcast time so by the time Freddie and I both got off, we only had time to clean up the broadcast chores and sign off. While I was doing that Sarah took Freddie down the hall to a bathroom.

When I got out of the studio, they were waiting for me in the lounge and so far neither of them had dressed. 

Sarah said "I know you want to try a piece of my ass because you don't believe I could take all of your cock in my anus." 

I said "You're right, I don't."

She said "If you want to try it, I'm willing and I'll give Freddie an extra reward by letting him fuck my pussy at the same time you're fucking my ass. Are you willing to give it a try?"

I loved the sound of that ... a guy can never get too many double-penetration fucks.

After my pants came off again, Sarah had me recline on the lounger. She gave me a little head until I was rock hard again. Then backing up to the lounger, she sat back on me and pushed my cock into her ass hole ... completely, all ten inches of it, so that she was pressing on my crotch. I was amazed. 

Just to make sure that I was completely enclosed inside her rectum, Sarah leaned forward, supporting herself with a hand on each of my thighs, and wiggled her bottom until I had absolutely no doubt that her butt was pressed down as far as it could possibly go. Sarah spread our four legs apart and leaned back toward me and Freddie moved in, guiding his cock into her cunt. I have always liked the feeling of another cock slithering inside a woman alongside my own.

After Freddie started sliding in and out of Sarah's pussy, I leaned back and pulled Sarah with me. I wrapped my arms around her legs, pulling them almost doubled up, and held Sarah's tits and pulled on her nipples while Freddie fucked her. His thrusts pushed her up and off my cock while his retreats pulled her anus down my shaft toward my root. As always it was a fantastic fuck and I'm pretty sure the indications of orgasm she gave off were real, just like Freddie's and mine.

Afterward she kissed him and sent him on his way. Then she pulled on her pants, stuffing her g-string in a pocket. She pull on her top but didn't bother to button it, letting most of her big titties hang in the open air. When I was dressed, she asked "Would you have room for me to crash at your place tonight? I'd have a two and a half hour trip to get home and I just don't feel up to it right now."

Well, I couldn't refuse the lady, could I? We wound up fucking three more times and didn't get to sleep until just after the first rays of dawn filtered in the windows. Although it wouldn't happen frequently, that would be far from the last time Sarah and I would fuck.