 Gilford Goldhammer made certain that his business in the Ironforge Bank was concluded promptly and started across the Dwarven capitol. He took a ramp down to the next level and then followed the tunnel that would lead to the airport. At a little less than the halfway point, there was a branching tunnel off to the left and following it he soon came upon a magnificent dwelling. He'd never been here before but it was highly recommended. There was no sign or banner, but he knew it had to be the place. The large porch was occupied by a couple of gnomes and three or four dwarves smoking pipes and drinking ale. As he walked up, a couple of gnomes were exiting the building, chatting animatedly. 

"Did you enjoy yourself, Abner?"

"Oh yes, Wilbur, I did, I did indeed."

"Oh good! I did as well..."

Gilford entered and found himself in a large common room. At the far end was a bar, the rest of the room was filled with sofas, loveseats, and overstuffed chairs. A mix of males dominated the room, mostly gnomes and dwarves with two humans and an elf. The walls were adorned with paintings of dwarven and gnomish women, nude or nearly so, and the largest of these was of a pink haired gnome caught in the act of bathing. Gilford approached the bar which was tended by a grey-haired female gnome.

"What'll ya have young'un?" she asked.

"Shimmer Stout, if'n ye please."

"One Shimmer Stout." the gnome answered and a moment later placed the foaming mug before him. "What else?"

"Uh, well... Ah'd like some company... fer a bit..."

"Certainly! Of course, there is a bit of a wait for walk-ins. Most fellows book the girls in advance. If you're not particular I can probably squeeze you in. If you want a dwarf, we're booked up til' well after midnight."

"What d'ye have?"

"Well If you just want oral, Shannon will be available in an hour. That's her in that painting." she said pointing at the pink haired bather. "Otherwise, I can get you in with Jess, she's the human in that painting or Agnus that half-elf over there in about half an hour." 

"Ah, no I'd druther not. Ah was hopin' ta see a gal ah met a couple a months ago, but her place is closed..."

"Ah yes, that would be Bekka. Yeah, sad story that. Her place got shut down. Something to do with smuggling goods. I hear she and her girls lit out for Kalimdor. Look, I can book you with Corra and Norra tomorrow at 1 pm, or Mary at two. Otherwise, they're booked solid. I'm sorry, I just don't have that many dwarven gals. Bekka handled that side of the street so to speak."

Gilford pondered the paintings indicated and decided. 

"Ah cannae be back tomorrow, so ah'll have a visit w' the lovely pink-haired lass."

Coins were passed and Gilford tried to imagine what was coming. He'd never been with anyone but dwarves and had really hoped to do some serious fucking. Oh well, a blow job was better than nothing. 

An hour and three mugs later the pink haired gnome found him and hopped up into his lap.

"Hi! I'm Shannon, I think you're my date."

"Pleased tae meecha Shannon, Ah'm Gilford."

Shannon kissed his cheek and giggled. "Gilford sounds too formal, can I call you Gilly?"

He nodded.

"Good! Well, Gilly, we have an hour to spend together, we can sit here and drink or we can go to my room and fool around."

Gilford cocked his head and looked at her, then laughed.

"Thought so!" she giggled.

As Shannon closed the door, she eyed the dwarf. He was too awkward by far. Probably fairly new at all of this. She knew that she needed to get him to relax. She opened the enchanted music box a friend had given her and climbed up onto the table as Gilford sat in the only chair. She began to dance and slowly strip her garments off. It was working. Gilford was captivated. When she had stripped completely, she sat in his lap and began to kiss him and toy with his beard. 

Gilford was surprised that this gnome was so sensual and arousing. Her kisses were wonderful and she was just so damn cute! 

Shannon winked at him, "Just a second." and hopped down. She grabbed a pillow and laid down on the table in front of him, spreading her legs wide. She played with her pussy for a moment then, grabbing his beard braids, pulled his face down between her thighs. 

Gilford smelled her scent and tasted her juices. Her pussy was smaller and more delicate than the few dwarven women he'd been with, but very pretty and she squirmed as he tongued her. 

"Golly! That's one hell of a tongue you got Gilly! Do it again! Mmmmmn oh yes... like that... Ohhhh oh, oh, oh! Mmmmnnn, yeah..."

After a while, Shannon sat up gasping. "Oh wow! You're good at that! But it's time I worked on you!" 

She bade him strip and lie down on the bed then she went to work. His cock was nice and big and oh so very thick. Shannon kissed it and stroked it with both hands as it swelled to its fullest. She put his knob into her mouth and sucked for all she was worth, using her tongue to tease the bottom of his glans and humming. 

Gilford watched in amazement as she worked. Her small hands stroked up and down his shaft, gripping tightly. It was incredible how she made him feel! It was almost as good as fucking. And looking at her as she did it? Well, that took it to a whole new level of pleasure. Shannon was so adorable and she somehow managed to smile as she sucked on his cock. Her eyes sort of twinkled and he knew she truly enjoyed doing this. Every now and then she would rub it along her cheek or kiss it before putting it back into her mouth.

Shannon had pegged Gilly as a novice and his behavior convinced her he was right. He'd never had much sex obviously and it had probably mostly been straightforward fucking. She truly liked giving him oral. He seemed to be a nice guy and very appreciative. She wished that she could fuck him... he seemed like he would be a fun fuck, but she wasn't able to take that big a cock in her little pussy without pain and possibly injury. Still, he could always come back another time and get one of the other girls to lay him. Birdee had done dwarves but she was tied up tonight. Literally. She was comfortable with more kinky requests than Shannon was. 

Gilford was surprised when she started kissing the underside of his cock all the way down to his balls. She cupped them gently and fondled them as her tongue licked him all the way back up to the tip. She smiled wickedly as she stroked his cock.

"Let see how much cum you've got Gilly. Cum for me. Give me all of your cum. I want it, I really, really want it. Spurt it all out for me! I'll bet it's a lot! Big, handsome, young dwarf's gotta have a lotta cum! Spray it on my titties! Cover me with your cum Gilly! Cum for me! Oh please cum for me!" Her hands pumped his cock vigorously as she begged.

Shannon was not disappointed. Gilly groaned and started spraying his load. Spurt after spurt, long, thick ropes of cum shot from his cock and splattered all over her chest and face. She giggled with delight as it struck her and bent her head to suck out the last dregs as Gilly slumped back. She stood and modeled her new adornments. Cum hung from her chin and oozed down her chest. Globs dangled from her tits and her pink hair was plastered. She grinned at him.

"Golly, what a load that was! Say, how do you like my new outfit?"

Gilford smiled back at her. "Aye, yer a wundrus sight lass, an' no lie."

Shannon went to her wash basin and got a washcloth to clean Gilly up with. She left her own washing up until after he was cleaned off. Gilford dressed and dropped some coins in her bowl before heading for the door. 

"Yer certainly a surprise lass, an' no doubt a fine fuck. Ah wouldn't mind seein' ya agin."

"You're welcome any time Gilly, it was fun."

Gilford went back to his rented room and tried to sleep. The experience with Shannon had been wonderful but he still longed to have a good fuck as he had with Bekka and her friends before. The gnome proprietor had said he could come in at one and see Corra and Norra... But he was supposed to be leaving for home then... Finally, he decided upon an excuse for the delay and first thing the next morning, sent a messenger to Gertie's Place to book the girls. 

He arrived a few minutes before one and entered the great room to find the sisters were the sole occupants.

"Oy!" One said. "Our date is here!"

"Aye, an' a fine looking fella tae boot!" the second one replied. "Ah'm Corra, and this is muh sister, Norra."

"Pleased tae meecha 'andsome!" Norra said as she caressed his arm. Corra took him by the other arm and the two escorted him upstairs.

Gilford was pleased to see that both gals were rather attractive. Although neither was as busty as Bekka had been, they did have ample enough bosoms. Both were wearing short kilts and strapless leather corsets that barely contained their tits. Once in the room, Corra sat him in a chair and then straddled his lap. She kissed him and then pressed his face into her cleavage.

Norra knelt and removed his boots, then poured him an ale. While Gilford drank his ale and watched, the sisters began to kiss and caress each other. The whole taboo of a sister act was thrilling and he was hard in no time. The girls helped him undress and were soon double teaming his throbbing erection. While one was sucking, the other would be cooing or kissing him. Gilford couldn't last long under such expert attention and was cumming in Corra's mouth minutes later. Norra flopped on the bed and spread her legs. Her kilt raised, she played with her pussy and beckoned him. Gilford joined her and was happily eating her out while Corra kissed her. 

After a bit, Corra stripped off her kilt and sat on Norra's face. She loosened her corset and lifted her tits free. Gilford was getting hard again and Norra was begging,

"Gimme yer cock, Luv, Ah need tae feel it in me!"

Gilford mounted her as Corra moved aside. He pressed his knob against her pussy and pushed.

"Ach! Gawds wot a cock! Oh yeah, gimme more Luv! Gimme all o'ye!" 

"Awww yeah, fuck her!" Corra echoed. "Fuck her good an' hard! Lookit her tits bounce! Aye, kin ye bounce 'em outta her corset? Kin ye?"

Gilford did indeed bounce Norra's tits out of her corset and Corra bent down to kiss, squeeze and suck them, her own tits hanging in Norra's face who returned the favor. 

Gilford was pounding Norra's pussy hard when Corra sat up and then straddled her sister, her ass towards Gilford. As she bent forward her pussy came into view, between her thick thighs. A moment later her hand slid between her legs and she spread her folds to display her wet, pink insides.

"Oy! She's had enough! Gimme some o' that cock! Stick it in here quick naow!"

Gilford obliged her and was rewarded by her reaction.

"Shite and bollocks! He's huge! Fuckin' splitin' me 'e is! Gawds! Hold me Norra! I dinnae know iffin I kin do it!"

"Oh aye 'e's a biggun. But ye love it don' ye? Go on lad, fuck 'er, fuck 'er pussy good 'n hard like ye did me! Squeeze her ass. Ah know she loves it!"

Gilford eagerly complied, fucking Corra's pussy as she groaned on and on. Her pussy felt wonderful, warm, and wet, and her wide ass jiggled every time they slammed together. He grinned, the little gnome had been an exciting change, but this... this was fun! This was what he craved!

Somehow Norra squirmed from underneath her sister and assumed the identical posture next to her. Her hand reached between her legs and toyed with her pussy. 

Gilford pulled out of Corra and started fucking Norra.

"Aye! Tha's ma lad! Fuck me! Fuck me good an' deep!"

Gilford fucked her for a while until Corra begged for it again. He would pound one pussy for a few minutes then switch to the other. Soon both lasses were moaning and groaning and Gilford was grinning from ear to ear. He was fucking one sweet pussy while rubbing or fingering the other. Finally, he reached his orgasm.

"Ah'm gonnna cum!"

"Ah yes! Give tae us luv!" Corras said as she and Norra spun around. They sat side by side and hefted their tits.

"Aye! Spray our tits! Cover 'em w' yer cum!" Norra added.

Gilford grunted and thick ropes of cum shot out to splatter on their breasts. The two lasses smiled and praised his efforts.

"Gawds, wot a load!" said Corra.

"Ohh so nice an' warm!" added Norra.

"An' so thick an' creamy tae boot!" 

Norra leaned forward to lick the cum off of her sister's breasts. "Aye, an' right tasty too!"

Ten minutes later Gilford was washed and dressed and dropped coins into their tip bowl as he started to leave. 

"Twas mighty fun muh lassies. Ah'll be back fer sure."

"Aye, you do that."

"We'll be waiting fer ye."

On his way downstairs Gilford passed the pink haired gnome and another, escorting four excited gnome males upstairs. Shannon recognized Gilford and smiled. 

"Hiya Gilly! How are you doing?"

"Doin' well Miz Shannon, tho' Corra an' Norra dun wore me out..."

She giggled and winked at him. Then continued upstairs with her party. Gilford wondered what that was going to be like...

As he wandered down the underground avenue Gilford mused. Corra and Norra were an amazing fuck alright, but since they only worked together, that meant Gertie only had them and Mary, comprising two slots for dwarven preferences. Then there were the three gnomes, the human and the half-elf. She needed more dwarven gals. But if she had them, she would need more room too. He paused, then turned around and went back. He stood outside Gertie's Place and studied the area. There was a service alley on the left side, however, the right side was just solid rock. There was room to grow there, a talented crew could cut new rooms from the stone... But it would cost. Hmmmnn, how much would it cost? He strolled away, his head full of numbers, measurements, names, and plans.

A week went by and Gilford strolled into Gertie's Place again. As he approached the bar, Gertie recognized him.

"Welcome back! Shimmer Stout?" she said smiling.

"Aye, an' a moment o' your time iffin ye please."

Ten minutes later Gertie was eyeing the plans he'd drawn up.

"Looks nice, but what do I need the extra rooms for?"

"Fer the extra gals. More girls mean more business. With Bekka gone, ye kin pick up th' slack. Surely ye kin find a few? Ye know th' need is there."

"I do know of a few gals working solo that I might bring in... But this expansion is gonna cost more gold than I got and the Bank of Ironforge is hardly gonna give ME a loan!"

"Th' money's there, iffin ye be willin' tae take on an investor... Meself."

Gertie raised her eyebrows and studied him. "What'll it cost me?"

Gilford passed her a document. "Ah fund th' project, an get 10% o' th' monthly take, one free session a week, an' a discount on services fer my own special clients... say, one a month."

Gertie thought for a moment. "You get the perks and uh, gift certificates free, but only 4%. And all management decisions are mine. You're a silent partner only."

"Six percent an' ye got a deal."

Gilford held out his hand. "Done?"

Gertie took it. "Done." she echoed.

The construction started within a week and the plans includes several new bedrooms, a new office for management, an additional latrine, more storerooms and a special new feature for guests, a hot tub room. Gilly had insisted on that. Gertie decided it would also be smart to expand the kitchen and serve snacks from the bar. The girls were all excited and Gertie suggested that they reward the laborers with blow jobs whenever they could. She then started interviewing for the open positions.

Gilford was in to check on progress one morning when he was approached by Agnus, the half elf. She stood next to him as he explained the idea of the hot tub suite. 

"It sounds like something Corra and Norra would excel at. I prefer cooler water. I remember bathing at my home, where I grew up... We had a pool beneath a waterfall. The drop was only ten or twelve feet and the pool barely waist deep. But the water was fresh, cool and invigorating. I'd forgotten what that felt like, how much I loved it, until now." 

She took him by the arm, "If you have a few minutes, I would like to show you my gratitude for your undertaking."

Now the Goldhammers had, as a clan, a long history of animosity towards elves in general due to some bad business dealings ages ago, and Gilford had not considered sex with Agnus because of this. Her human half however was appealing. Indeed as he looked her over he realized that she had slightly smaller ears than most elves and was rather pretty.

"Oh, aye, Ah guess we kin spare th' time."

Agnus' room was much like the others. A bed, wardrobe, a table and a couple of chairs. Gilford sat in one. After closing the door, she walked across the room and stood in front of the wardrobe. She opened it to reveal a full length mirror on the door, and adjusted it so that they could see each other. She then began to strip slowly. First her bodice, then her skirt, so she was clad only in a small shift. She caressed herself through the fabric and then slid her hands underneath. She watched him the whole time.

Gilford watched her strip. She was far more slender than dwarven women, but her grace and fluidity was enchanting. Then as she stood in her sleeveless short shift, he noticed her arms and legs were still shapely with well defined muscles. The hem of her shift was right at the bottom of her glutes and he found himself wondering about that ass.

Agnus pulled her top off and squeezed her breasts, tugging on her nipples. 

"Why are you still dressed?" she asked the dwarf.

Gilford stood and began stripping. When he was naked, Agnus turned to face him. He admired her body. She was taller than he, nicely putting her tits at face level. And they were nice tits too. Full and round, with some droop, but not too much. Her nipples were stubby and sat in tan ovals. She had a tattoo of some sort of cat curled around her left nipple and her slender waist flared nicely out to her hips. Her ass was not too small and overall she seemed very athletic and fit... hard. Yes, hard. 

She stepped up to him and wrapped his head in her arms, pulling him into her bosom. Gilford kissed her breasts and fondled them as her hands caressed his shoulders. His hands slid down to her waist and around to her ass. It felt as firm as it looked.

After a couple of minutes, Agnus broke the embrace and reached for a jar on the table. She stroked his cock with the lube and the organ swelled with the attention. She turned and bent over the table, her ass to him. Her legs spread and her pussy came into view. Agnus reached back and spread her lips.

"Fuck me. Give me that cock." she said softly. 

Gilford pushed his cock into her and Agnus groaned as she took his member. His hands held her waist and he began to fuck her slowly. She was snug but not uncomfortably so. She moaned and sighed, her hands stretched across the table. She felt good. 

"Oh love, that feeeels sooooo gooood... Oh yesssss." She sighed again, long and drawn out, it was almost like a purr. Ever so softly she began to sing. The words were elvish but the tune was nice. Soon he realized that he had slowed his rhythm to match her song. It was so lovely and the experience was so incredibly erotic that he was lost in it. He didn't realize how long they had been fucking when he suddenly felt his orgasm peaking.

Gilford grunted as he came, there was no time to call out or warn her. His cock was just spurting over and over again, deep inside of her. And she knew it, she felt it. And she appreciated it.

"Ohhh yesss love, that's it, yes, that's it. Fill me. Oh so much cum... Mmmnnn, it feels soooo goood..." she cooed. 

Gilford stood there as the warm glow of his climax slowly drained from him. Agnus wiggled her ass against him. 

"There, how did that feel?"
