 "All right, ladies" I said. "As you know you are here to play Ho Family Feud. The three east coast whores are taking on the west coast whores in a battle of wits. The winners will get $5,000 each while the losers will have to have sex with Stuttering Tommy, Perry, and me. Any questions before we start?"

There were none and I was ready to start. My name is Paulie and I was the host of the nation's first sex talk and porno channel, the only television channel currently licensed to broadcast full frontal male and female nudity as well as penetration. That gave me the leeway to broadcast what most of the viewers wanted to see … horny people satisfying their lusts.

The east coast whores were not really that impressive, all three of them being working girls from New York City. Carla was a 22 year old blonde, rather on the slender side for my taste. Donna was a 39 year old brunette, overweight but with some nice tits. Patty was a 28 year old African-American who looked like she'd been hit with an ugly stick, although she struck me as being pretty smart. The west coast whores were actually three blondes who worked at The Rabbit Ranch near Las Vegas, Nevada, not exactly a coast site. Yummy was a voluptuous 27 year old with a beautiful face. Air Force Annie was an equally voluptuous 31 year old and was not bad to look at either. Kendra was a 24 year old beauty with a 42DD-23-39 figure that made her look like the old Coke bottle. The west coast whores were wearing black bikinis while the east coast whores were wearing red bikinis.

"The rules are simple. We have asked 100 people the same questions and recorded their answers, which will be on our Feud board. A team which gets the best answer to a toss-up question, can either try to answer the question or pass it to the other team of hos, hoping to steal the points if the other team falters. Any questions?"

There were none so I called Carla and Yummy to the toss-up stand. "Please put one hand flat on the table. When you want to ring in, hit the buzzer. The team to buzz in first gets to answer. Okay? Let's start."

Both women put a hand on the table. Yummy's big boobs almost covered her hand and I made a show of looking down her cleavage. "Wow, that's a big valley in there, Yummy." Both women giggled. "The top seven answers are on the board. We asked 100 people what their favorite name was for the male sex organ."

Instantly Carla hit her buzzer with Yummy just a second behind. I asked "Okay, Carla rang in first. Carla, what is your answer?"

"Dick" she responded.

"Okay, is 'dick' the number one answer?" I looked back at the board and the second panel rolled over, with a vote count of 34. "No, that is the second most popular name.  Yummy, you can control the question if you come up with the number one answer."

"Cock" she said with a look as if she was about to swallow a big long one.

I turned as the first panel rolled over with a count of 37. "Okay, the west coast hos control the question. Yummy, do you want to play or pass?"

She looked at the other two girls and they both shouted "Play" so Yummy turned to me and said "We'll play." I sent Carla back to her place and followed Yummy toward hers. Stopping in front of Air Force Annie, I looked down her cleavage and said "Bet you've had a few of these right in there, haven't you, Annie?"

She grinned and said "You mean, do I tit-fuck guys? You bet I do. And they love it." She pushed her arms inward, making the cavity even deeper. "I'll bet you want to put yours in there too, don't you, Paulie?" I could hear the soft whir of the overhead camera as the remote operator maneuvered it into position to look down on her tits and the image appeared on one of the monitors.

"You know it, sweetie. Just like every red-blooded man in America" I added. "Okay, what do you think is one of the answers people gave as a favorite name for a man's cock?"

"Uh … I think they would say 'spear" she said sweetly.

"Is spear there?" The sixth panel turned with a count of 4.

I moved down and bent over Kendra's huge tits but not enough to hide them from the camera. "Hi, Kendra. If Annie gives tit-fucks, what do you give with those big hooters?"

"Why, hon, I give tit-love" she said with a shit-eating smile.

"Are those all natural or have you had implants?"

"Oh, hon, they are all natural. Do you want to feel?" Without waiting for me to answer, she pulled up her bikini top and exposed her big jugs. I felt them up and made sure there were no silicon implants and then told the world they were indeed natural. "Okay. What do you think people called a man's penis?"

"Well … I hear 'prick' from lots of women. I think enough of them would say that."

"Is 'prick' there?" the third panel rotated with a number of 11 votes. Everyone clapped. I moved back in front of Yummy and said "Yummy, its your turn again."

"How about 'member?"

"I don't know. Let's see if it's there. Show me 'member.'"

Instead the buzzer rang to indicate that the answer was not on the board. I said "Oh, that's one strike. Okay, Air Force Annie, its your turn again. What do you think people called a male penis?"

"Um, let's see. How about 'sword?' Lots of men like to think of their penis like a weapon so I think they would say that."

"Okay, let's check it out. Is 'sword' on the board?" I turned just as the fifth panel was spinning with a count of five.

I moved to Kendra and we continued the game but that was the last correct answer the Rabbit beauties got right. The east coast hos stole the 98 points by correctly guessing 'dong' on their turn. We went through three more similar questions and to my surprise the east coast whores won by a score of 345 to 89.

"Well" I said "we extend our congratulations to the east coast hos on their victory. Let's give them a hand." Everyone in the studio applauded, including the whores from The Rabbit Ranch. "Okay, we'll say good-bye to them and wish them good luck. Ladies, Perry will give you your prize checks on the way out." Perry showed them to the door and was soon back.

"All right, folks. As you know, the losers of Hos Family Feud has a price to pay. We have just an hour and nine minutes for the west coast hos to pay their debt and I think they are going to need it. Each of the hos will perform a sex act with Stuttering John, Perry, and me, starting with oral, moving to vaginal, and ending with anal. I'm going to draft Air Force Annie to be my first partner. John, you have the next pick."

"I … I … I want Yummy."

"Okay, Perry that leaves you with Kendra. Bring out the interns with the extra hand-held cameras."  Two young women in shorts and halter-tops came into the studio bearing small hand-held cameras. They would be responsible for shooting the action with Perry and John and their partners. My action would be captured by the in-floor camera located behind my chair and operated by another technician using a joy stick in the control room.

The three whores undressed, leaving their clothes on the sofa. All three of them had magnificent bodies, well-tanned and well-rounded. Air Force Annie came around the booth as I was stepping out of my pants. I sat back on the edge of my chair, turning my chair to face the camera. Annie stopped above the camera and the monitor filled with a shot of her clean-shaven pussy I had selected Annie because she had a particularly large mouth and I hoped that meant that she was particularly good at giving head. It turned out that she was.

Annie bent over and put her forearms on my thighs as she reached for my cock. Her golden tresses fell around her head, forming a curtain that effectively blocked my vision of her mouth working on my schlong. However the recessed camera didn't miss a thing, even providing light for the shot, letting me watch myself getting head on the 24-inch monitor mounted just below the ceiling in front of me. 

I leaned back and watched as I felt the wonderful sensations of an experienced whore working her magic. She had no problem running her lips down the full ten inches of my shaft. I felt only a slight restriction around my helmet as it plied the corridor of her throat each time her head moved up or down. It was a wonderful sensation.

But then it got better. I had begun to think about my orgasm when she stopped her motion upon reaching the bottom of a stroke. I felt her fingers on my balls and then, one at a time, she slipped my nuts into her mouth along with my cock. The camera showed her with a face that looked like it might explode at any moment. However it didn't and she began to wash my scrotum with her tongue. 

It was like an uncontrollable snake wandering the recesses of her mouth, wrapping around first one orb and then the other, pulling, tugging, pushing, kneading my family jewels. Her mouth set up a suction on my genitals and I knew I wouldn't last long. This was a whore who knew what she was doing. It took her just six minutes to vacuum my balls empty of their treasure but oh, what a wonderful six minutes those were.

The split screen showed that John and Perry were getting similar, if different, treatment from their respective whores. Neither Kendra nor Yummy were able to consume the guy's cock and balls at the same time as Annie had with me but they weren't doing any complaining either. As each of the guys came, the whores opened their mouths to display for the cameras his load of cum, just before they swallowed it all.

I selected Yummy for a pussy fuck while John got Kendra and Perry paired up with Air Force Annie. For a couple of minutes, each whore sat on the lap of her partner and kissed and teased him to get him hard again. It actually took nearly five minutes but we were all ready to go again. Yummy slipped off my lap and settled, spread-legged, above the in-floor camera facing away from me. 

When she put her hands on her knees, I stood behind her and let my questing cock slip up between her legs. Her fingers guided me to her cunt hole and I watched the monitor as the head of my dick was swallowed in the fleshy pink folds of her pussy. I knew our nationwide audience, typically about twenty-seven million viewers, were seeing the same thing I was.

Right after my cock slid into Yummy, the screen split into four quadrants with our union appearing on the upper left. John and Kendra were in a similar position in the lower left while Perry's piercing of Air Force Annie appeared in the lower right. The upper right was reserved for graphics set up by the control room operators or occasionally by an extra camera, although there was not one in use right now. 

I watched the monitor while I held Yummy's soft hips and began to pump my cock in and out of her hot pussy. Her fingers teased my nuts but she was careful to keep them out of the way of the camera's eye. It took me nearly ten minutes of talking about how great Yummy's pussy felt and listening to the other guys say similar things about their whores to work up another load and let my balls blow it into Yummy's cunt. John was the last to cum, finishing more than three minutes after me.

Once again we switched partners. While Yummy went around to Perry, Kendra came to sit on my lap while Air Force Annie sat on Stuttering John. We spent almost a quarter hour talking and joking about the cum oozing out of the girls' twats while they kissed and hugged and ran their fingers over us sensuously and worked on getting our members erect again. Kendra kept pushing one of her tits into my mouth, making it hard for me to talk for the cameras, but it sure helped me get hard again.

This time when Kendra stood up, she came up with a gob of lubricant from somewhere and with a quick swipe of her hand, completely covered my shaft with it. I noticed that the other two girls were just as adept at lubricating their lovers. Kendra took the position, bent over above the camera, while I approached her from behind. She spread her buttocks and made my job easy. I put my cock at her ass hole and paused for effect while the monitor showed our approach and then the indentation of her anus as I pushed into her, even capturing the little popping noise made when her anus accepted the head of my cock and snapped over my shaft. 

The view of an ass being fucked is somewhat different than that of a pussy fuck because the sphincter is never as giving as the vagina, so an ass fuck is a constant concaving and convexing of the area around the opening to the woman's bowels and the monitor picked up on that action very well. Even when the screen split again to show all three ass fucks, the action was very heady. I could not get over seeing my scrotum plopping against Kendra's cunt with every in stroke, as displayed on the large monitor, at the same time I was feeling the sensations in my brain. It was a hot, sexy scenario. 

I lasted eleven minutes before I shot off another load of cum, filling Kendra's bowels with my third load of the hour. Perry finished blowing his load just as the credits were rolling but John didn't finish until four minutes after we went off the air. He thanked Annie for letting him get off his rocks even though we'd finished the show. She gave him a little look that said she was a professional man pleaser and she would never do anything less.

We all cleaned up and spent the next forty minutes just talking and drinking coffee in the lounge, asking the girls about their experiences as prostitutes. All three of them were delightfully open and honest about their professions. Yummy is actually married to the owner of The Rabbit Ranch and I couldn't imagine what it would be like to be the husband of such a beautiful woman, knowing that she screwed several men every day of her life. She pointed out that her husband didn't mind and he in turn fucked any and all of the girls at the ranch and no one really cared. They, as all prostitutes did, were able to separate love and sex easily. 

Just then their limo driver came into the lounge and we said our good-byes, another wonderful day having ended on a superbly high note.