 Fifteen minutes had expired as Colonel Ruby Goddard returned to Sophia Ridge. Young James Ian Pryce had no more than isolated the Weaver insect when Ruby rushed back to bring him along with her. His dog Xander in tow.

"Sophia?" Ruby calls out before entering the room she was left in.

"I'm still here. No change." Sophia echoes in response.

"Okay. I'm bringing James in. I'm truly sorry if this embarrasses you."

"I'm fine. It's Brain Boy that might get his eyes melted."

Ruby glances at James, "Be a gentleman this time. This could be serious."

"I know. I just need to examine her and find out what she endured."

Looking down at his German Shepard he points, "Stay boy. Stand guard."

Entering the room they find Sophia with her back to them. Bronze in color. Even her hair had lightened up to a golden blond.

James had to shake his head at seeing his first real naked girl. Her body was perfection. 90 pounds wet 

"Wow!" He gulps.

"Knock it off." Ruby snaps.

"Right. Okay. Let me use this analyzer to test the liquid on the floor and compare it with known elements on board."

He kneels next to her trembling at her beauty. The analyzer hums then pings with the results. He then looks it over and researches the alien catalogue. 

"Uh oh!" He mutters.

"Sophia turns and covers her chest. He could still see the rest of her full frontal pose.

"Yes. What do you mean UH-OH?" Ruby stands concerned.

James grimaces and turns his back to them, "I don't know yet. Give me a minute."

Sophia winces, "Really? He just got a hard on. That's his freaking Uh Oh."

"Sorry! I've never been this close to a naked girl. A hot naked girl even. Cut me some slack."

"I wonder what would happen if I touched him. Think he would melt too?" Sophia groans.

Ruby rubs the bridge of her nose, "Let's not try that."

Reading from his alien keypad he whines.

"WHAT?!!!!!!" Both \Ruby and Sophia growl.

"Parasitic rain. That's the only way to describe this. It's harmless to it's host body but it essentially eats all matter that isn't part of its DNA." He glares at Ruby and looks at her feet.

"What? No I didn't step in the liquid."

"Just checking. Whatever you do don't touch her. Not until I figure something out. The parasites might infect you or any of us the same way."

"What about me? Am I going to die?" Sophia whimpers thinking of her deceased Mother suddenly.

"Ummmm! I'm thinking you might outlive us all. It says here the parasites protect it's host from foreign attack. Like an invisible armor. I think that's the glossy nature. Sexy by the way. In a disturbing sort of way." He lowers his gaze again embarrassed.

"So, I can never wear clothes again?" Sophia shivers.

"Not unless I can find some material the parasites can't eat through."

Ruby offers a defeated expression, "Unbelievable! How do I explain this to the others? We can't just quarantine Sophia here like a prisoner."

"She can be around us as long as nobody comes into direct contact with her."

"Wait! I'm young, beautiful, and desirable. I have to live out the rest of my days like a human chastity belt?" Sophia gets teary eyed.

"Dashes my hopes too." James cringes.

"KIDS! ENOUGH! James you need to stop being an ass. Find a solution. After you attach Jack's arm and he looks safe, you devote every second to helping Sophia. Understood?"

"Yes, Mom." He yawns.

"Sophia? I need you to clean this floor so none of us risk the same infection. Somehow. I'm sure any clothes you use to wipe it up will deteriorate." She hesitates, "Why doesn't it destroy the floor?"

"Good question. Sophia? Could you step outside the pool just one foot for now." James requests.

Doing so she finds dry land. Nothing. No searing floor. 

Returning to his keypad he searches for info.

"Oh! The parasites only feed on organic materials. Solid objects can be disfigured but can't be devoured. In other words if she stood in one dry spot too long it might burn a footprint into whatever she stands on."

"You say it protects me? How?"

He eyes Sophia then bends over to find a piece of broken metal with a jagged edge.

"Do you trust me?"

"Are you kidding? Hell no." Sophia groans with her hands on her hips. Her breasts proud and bulging.

He begins to sweat, "Could you turn around please?"

Rolling her eyes she turns in a huff. As soon as she does James carefully steps close enough to jab her in the ass. The sharp edge never even broke skin. A harder jab was just as unsuccessful.

"Are you done looking at my ass?" Sophia shakes her head.

Ruby shakes her head, "Did you even feel that?"

"Feel what?"

Looking over her shoulder she eyes James holding up the sharp piece of metal.

"You stabbed me?"

Ruby moved in between them, "He had to test a theory. Get over it."

"The parasites have evolved with your DNA. I think you might be "Supergirl"."

"Steel hard skin?" Ruby chokes up.

"Close enough."

Sophia turns back around facing them. She then squeezes her breasts and shuffles them about. James dropped his jaw.

"For steel hard skin I feel pretty soft where it counts." Sophia grins sheepishly.

Exhaling loudly Ruby puts her hands in front of her, "Sophia, please. Just stay here for a day. I'll bring you some food. Not much else I can offer. If it gets cold no blanket will warm you."

James clears his throat, "She could walk on an iceberg and feel warm. Parasites heat up her cells. I'm not even certain she needs to eat anymore."

Ruby nudges James toward the doorway exit.

"I'll be back to check on you later. Please obey my decision. One day quarantine. Until we know more."

Sophia nods at Ruby's decision, "Fine. I'll just get to know my new friends I guess."

James halts Ruby's rushing nature, "Sophia? I swear I'll do what I can to at least make you more comfortable with this situation."

"You better Creep."

Taking their leave Ruby stops James in the hall beside Xander who met them.

"Can we save her?"

He shrugs, "She's safe. The parasites have bonded. The pool on the floor contained dead parasites. The living ones are in her cells. There's no removing them. They live for her. She lives for them. What I fear is her mind. Can she cope never being touched again by human hands? She's become like "Rogue" of the X-Men". I mean I doubt she steals memories but she could harm those who touch her. I'm not sure really."

"Step at a time. Focus on Jack. If we intend to survive wherever we are we need our best and finest."

"Yes Sir Ma'am."

"At least it wasn't Mom this time." She grabs his hair and shakes his head playfully.

Together they returned to Jacks side.