 By early morning James Ian Pryce and a rested Elle Franklin prepared Colonel Jack Ramse for surgery. Outside the room they were in stood Colonel Ruby Goddard, Pilot Cameron Scott, and Sargent Malcolm Brand.

"This gonna work Colonel?"

"Ruby. I told you two that. If we're stuck here were all on a first name basis. Got that? And, I don't know. James is probably the third smartest man on the planet. Kid that is."

Malcolm rubs his chin, "I got faith."

"I got Vodka. Enough faith for me at the moment." Cameron sighs.

"Ease up on that stuff. Even though were in a safe environment...actually we're not." She takes his bottle away from him and sets it aside.

"Something you guys should know. Sophia's in some trouble. You guys were passed out when I got back. Let you sleep it off."

"What's wrong with her? Paddle her ass too hard and she can't sit down on it?" Cameron chuckles.

Ruby closes her eyes, "Yea. About that. You might not ever want to do that again. Your hand might not make it out alive. She got stupid last night and showered in what she presumed was a shower stall. Alien containment. Parasitic rain James called it. Anyway she's okay physically. But those parasites bonded with her flesh. They eat anything that comes into contact with them. Organic that is. Like wool. From a living creature. Sadly, she might just be doomed to be a nudist. Clothing dissolves in seconds of touching her. We don't know for certain what human contact might do. So! Hands to yourselves Soldiers."

Both men stand expressionless. Disbelief in general.

"Yeah, I know. Sucks to be her."

Ruby decided to bring the bottle of Vodka back. After a drink she passed it around.

Amid surgery Elle marveled at the ease of which James handled the Colonel's severed arm. Holding it into position with the use of mechanical tentacles provided by the ships assistance guides, he was able to perfectly introduce the Weaver bug into Jacks upper bicep where the cut was still gently bleeding. As the bug strolled amid the meaty tissue the mechanized tendrils positioned the fleshy arm back into its position. The bug took control after that. Amazed by the swiftness of the bugs maneuvering within the bones, nerves, and muscle tissue were once more united as if it was never missing.

During the process James did more research on the procedure. In his studies he discovers to his hidden regret that there were two types of Weavers. This particular Weaver did its necessary mending, however this breed offered more than bargained for.

"Oh Boy." He whispered as Elle eyed his behavior with stunning brown orbs.

"Are you alright?" She creases her brow.

"Never better. Just like Jack here." He turns away and bulges his eyes at the prospects of his unidentified mistake.

Reading more in depth he discovers that the bug not only heals but strengthens. It's enzymes are used like an adrenalin steroid. As the bug dies inside him its enzymes attach through his bloodstream and fuse into every muscle. Trials in the past realized the strength and increase it tenfold. Jack Ramse was going to be a regular Captain America. Stronger, faster, sturdier. 

The more James read the more he smiled. He would keep this surprise to himself and play dumb. After all Jack deserved it. He was a true American hero anyway.

With an almost diabolical facial feature he realized between Jack and Sophia's potential it was like he was building his own superhero team. Thoughts raged through his mind. Until Elle gripped his shoulders from behind.

"Earth to Super Genius. Come in Super Genius. I think our bug is done. Jack's vitals sound perfect."

James smiles warmly, "Awesome. Now I can focus on Sophia."

Elle was still in the dark.

"Sophia? What's wrong with her?"

"Ruby can fill you in."

He decides to do his own set of vitals and confirms her results. He then opened up the door to the room outside.

By now Ruby had sent Malcolm and Cameron out to dig graves. After a brief prognosis James went to rest.

Elle shocked by Sophia's plight led her to gather up food and water to take to the girl.

Ruby stood by Jack. Old friends do that kind of thing.

Outside the alien airship on the ground lay the covered bodies of six deceased aliens. Beside them rested the corpse of Madigan Ridge, Sophia's mother. It was unfortunate that she was made to stay outside but decay does a number on the nostrils. Luckily, there were no beasts nearby to feast on them. The terrain was lifeless and silent for the time being.

As Malcolm Brand shoveled a large crater for the passengers of their downed airliner he stopped long enough to look up from the hole at his digging partner Cameron Scott.

"Are you going to help or sight see?"

The lank pilot turned his ball cap backwards on his brow and nodded, "Figured we needed a lookout for critters. After that pterodactyl did a number on us yesterday."

"It's like a crypt out here. Nice day and all but I'm thinking we could hear anything big sneaking up on us. Grab a shovel and we can get this done faster. I for one don't want these folks any riper than they already are."

"True that. Respect." Cameron puckers then drops down into the pit beside Malcolm.

After a few shovels of soil each Malcolm stops to wipe his forehead of sweat, "Any thoughts on where we go after this all settles down?"

Cameron shrugs, "As much fun as living in an interstellar condo is, unless that kid can fly this boat I'd say were going to have to move on. I doubt we get any rescues from another dimension."

"Wonder what else is out there? Aside from every ship and plane that ever vanished from the planet."

Malcolm ponders.

Cameron Scott looks around him, "Mountain range to the east. Looks like desert to the west. Hell are we even on Earth anymore?"

"If not at least the atmosphere is life sustainable. Good enough for me."

"Yeah, breathing is good. Fresh air even. No pollution."

"I think that's the first time I've ever noticed a difference. Does taste good doesn't it?" Malcolm responds.

The two agree and fall silent. Their digging commences.

Within the starship, Elle Franklin managed to follow directions and locates young Sophia Ridge. The girl was found sitting Indian style on the floor and sitting there calmly.

Elle carries bottled water and rations while appearing curious as to the girls remarkable peacefulness and change in skin coloration.

"Miss Ridge? Are you okay?"

Sophia smiles almost euphorically, "I'm good. Just listening to my new residents. They're singing to me. Kinda cool."

Caught off guard Elle looks stunned, "Singing? You can actually hear them on a microscopic level?"

"Oh yeah! Soothing for sure. Almost like they're of one mind."

"Do they acknowledge you? I mean do you share in the communication?" Elle sits her supplies on a table near Sophia and cautiously moves closer to kneel beside her.

"Still learning that. I think they respond to my emotions. I can feel them agitated when I get fearful or angry. Yet when I sat here singing to myself to calm my nerves they chose to sing back. I think they want me to remain calm and relaxed."

Elle begins to raise her hand toward Sophia's forehead to check her for a fever making Sophia shift away.

"I'm not sure you should touch me. It might not be safe. James said it was unwise until he can do more research into the parasites."

Elle frowns at Sophia, "Relax. Tell them I'm harmless. It's my risk to take after all."

"I know. But, I can't afford to lose anybody else in this crazy place. Please, just don't."

Pulling away Elle nods, "Alright."

"James says they eat anything organic that touches my flesh. That's why I'm naked. Everything dissolves away and absorbs into my pores." Her eyes bulge and she expresses hesitance, "What if I don't feed them properly? Will they eat me?"

Within her the singing parasites go silent. Suddenly, Sophia reacts as if listening to an inaudible voice. She then reaches her hands up to both of her temples.

"Oh my God! They spoke to me."

Elle sits back on her boot heels and looks shocked, "You understood them?"

Sophia giggles, "Yes! Like a tickle inside my head. They told me not to fear them. They will let me know when they need fed. They promise me no harm to myself or anyone around me. Now that we are as one they will honor my decisions."

"Crazy!" Elle expels then leans forward, "Let's see how true that is."

Sophia witnesses Elle's fingertips again reaching for her forehead. This time she grits her teeth and tells her new friends to not hurt her. Her thoughts create peace.

As soon as Elle touches skin she feels a very light electrical shock. Tingly Elle smiles, "I'm not turning into a puddle of goo. I guess that's a good thing."

Sophia's eyes tremble in their sockets, "You used to have an afro as a child?"

Elle winces, "How did you know that?"

"Your touch. It was like I fed on your memories. I saw you as a young girl. Like age 5 or 6."

"Try 10. I looked young for my age. Tiny gal here in case you hadn't noticed."

"Maybe you shouldn't touch me anymore. I might learn something you don't want me to know."

"Not that many secrets really. But, we did learn a couple interesting things here."

"Right. My friends are gentler than was predicted." Sophia grins.

"Thank God for that. I needed my hand."

"What does this make me? A gypsy fortune teller?"

Elle chuckles, "You should ask them to let you wear clothing safely."

Sophia smirks, "Not yet. I want to see the faces on all the others when they think I can't wear anything."

Suddenly, her smile fades. A look of haunt expands over her face.

"Miss Ridge?"

"Piper. Sophia is really my middle name. I only use that amid family and business. Modelling name."

"I like Piper. That's a very nice name. Why the look of worry?"

"They like the freedom I give them. They asked me not to cover them up."

"Not to try wearing clothing?"

"Yes. Air on my flesh feeds them as much as organic material. They are willing to compromise with me though. Short periods I can get dressed." She smiles to herself thanking them internally.

"That's wonderful. Thank them for me. For not harming me."

"They offer their friendship. Any friend of mine is a friend of theirs."

"Should we get you dressed and out of this creepy chamber?"

Looking about Elle realizes there was no options. Finally she sighs and begins unbuttoning her uniform shirt. Stripping down to a lacey black bra she offers the shirt to Sophia.

Before claiming it Sophia squints her eyes in thought, "Give me an hour and I'll remove it. Okay?"

Hesitant she dons the shirt and smiles.

Winking at her Elle grabs her arm and escorts her out of the lab and into the hallway.

It was good not to fear normalcy again.