 Jack Ramse regained consciousness sooner than expected. Unknown to everyone the Weaver bug had replenished his blood loss in record time. Amazing creatures.

Waking up was the easy part. The gravity bed he was floating in made his limbs exceptionally heavy. Including his newly attached arm. Even his eyelids had a struggle to lift open.

Groaning at his prison caught the attention of Colonel Ruby Goddard. She had dozed off beside his bed. Pepping up she leapt to his bedside.

"I'm here Jack. Take it slow. I'll get James to shut off this bed. Be right back."

Minutes later Ruby returns with a bedhead from hell version of kid genius James Ian Pryce. James looks in on Jack whom had a creased brow.

"Welcome back Punisher man. Decreasing the gravity field now. I need you to remain calm. Tech might make you woozy."

Ruby smiles down at Jack, wanting to plant a hand on his chest until James pulls her back.

"I'm not replacing a lung today. Your added weight might crush his chest. Just wait a minute."

She frowns at James as his elbow rubs against her breast accidentally in his prevention. The boy hadn't even realized it. For once he was more concerned with the full recovery of Colonel Jack Ramse.

As the pod returns to normal Jack was able to form words through a dry throat. 

"What the hell happened?" He lays there feeling his body resolving issues of balance.

"Welcome home Soldier." Ruby now placed a hand on his bare chest. 

"Always more interested in my muscles than my rank." He jokes.

"Same rank. I'm still more important though. So glad you survived Jack. We all need you." She fidgets.

"I thought I lost this arm." He tilts his head, "Phantom limb I'm seeing?"

James steps forward, "I re-attached it. Should be good as new. Thank me later."

Confused Jack sits up slowly. The pod tilts forward for his feet to slip to the floor. Once there he sits and revolves his new arm around its socket.

"Feels different. Stronger." He shakes his head, "My whole body feels stronger than I recall it."

James looks at Ruby with a fearful look.

"What James is afraid to tell you is we had to use some rather unorthodox science to mend you."

"Meaning?" Jack squints warily.

"Alien tech. We're inside a spaceship. I deciphered the language and utilized what I could to save your life." James takes a step back cautiously.

Jack narrows his gaze then glares over at Ruby for her reaction.

"It's true Jack. Believe it or not Aliens do exist. We're inside a spaceship now. You were in a gravity chamber bed." Ruby confirms with a concerned look.

He returns his gaze toward James, "You attached my arm? By yourself?"

"Sergeant Franklin assisted me." James swallows.

Ruby steps closer, "Cameron Scott, Malcolm Brand, Elle Franklin, Sophia Ridge, James here, and Myself. The only survivors. Thankfully you made it also. I---we were scared you might not survive this. There's more Jack. James had to introduce an alien insect into your body in order to restore your arm and your blood supply."

James winces almost stuttering, "There's more. I didn't think it was an issue if it saved your life."

Jack growls under his breath, "Don't tell me. I'm going to grow antennas."

James chuckles nervously, "I hope not. That feeling of being better than before? It's because you are better than before."

"Meaning what?" Jack looks grimly.

"Ummmm! Ever read a "Captain America" comic?" He hisses with fear in his voice.

Ruby is taken by surprise, "James? What did you do?"

"Nothing bad. The weaver bug had a subspecies. I misread the type it was. It did have the same abilities as the other species...but it had another talent."

"Such as?" Ruby stares blank faced.

"Well, this breed dissolved into Jack's bloodstream. It's enzymes created a stronger healing factor and enhanced his entire physical body."

Jack growls up at Ruby, "Don't even think it."

Ruby offers a confused expression then realizes his meaning. A blush actually forms on her cheeks.

"Your muscles are strengthened ten fold. I won't know exactly how much it's changed without further tests. Can we at least be thankful you lived?" James points out.

"Oh, I'm thankful."

James awaits a proper thank you but Jack merely grins dryly.

"That's the best you're going to get from him James. Settle for it." Ruby shakes her head.

After a deep breath Jack attempts to stand. To his surprise he had zero difficulty. No loss of tired limb. No inner weakness. He stretches dramatically forcing Ruby to lower her gaze.

"Body feels damn good." Jack nods with a pucker.

As they stand idle James Ian's dog "Xander" nudges in to lick his Master's hand. This prompts the boy to crouch and pet his dog.

"Where have you been boy?"

Suddenly, a voice answers for the German Shepard.

"With us. He's been a good escort."

Stepping into the room was Elle Franklin and a shirt covered Sophia Ridge. Elle pauses to admire Jack with awe. Sophia's eyes bulged at his bare chest rippling in muscle.

"Colonel Ramse. Welcome back Sir." Elle salutes then coyly covers her chest. She had literally forgotten she was only wearing her bra.

"Looks like everyone is feeling at home in this place." Jack sighs, "You been tanning Sophia?"

James stands up shocked, "You're touching her. She's wearing a shirt. It's not dissolving. Whoa!"

Elle smiles, "Calm down. It was my risk to take. I'm not being eaten alive."

"The parasites in my system are communicating with me." Sophia proudly grins, "They're friendly."

James scratches his head, "Awesome! I guess I need to re-read more about the parasites. I was led to believe they devoured anything that touched their host body."

"They do. I just struck a bargain with them. I can have short periods of time to wear clothing. They will let me know when they need fed. That's when I need to find them sustenance."

Jack leers back at Ruby, "What?"

Ruby pinch's the bridge of her nose, "More bugs I'm afraid."

"Parasitic microbes that live in water until attached to another form. Sophia took a shower in them by accident." James offers.

Jack pauses to grasp the story, "Is she a harm to herself? Us?"

"Well, I'm touching her and feeling just fine." Elle points out.

Sophia clears her throat, "I'm not sure I would make a habit of touching me. My new friends are warning me that they will not harm anyone intentionally. But, when they need fed the timing might prove painful. Speaking of timing..." Sophia removes Elle's shirt and hands it to her.

Jack eyes the girls nudity, "So, let me get this straight. Anything or anybody that touches you gets eaten?"

Sophia frowns, "Guess your fantasy just got crushed."

He shakes his head and looks at James, "Find her something that she can wear."

"Big bad Colonel afraid of the sexy General's daughter?" Sophia pouts giggling.

Jack sneers, "Get over yourself Kid."

"James will figure something out." Ruby prompts.

Wide eyed James coughs, "I'll try."

Sophia smiles at herself listening to her inner friends, "Sorry. They refuse to be prisoners. Looks like I'm a Porn star 24/7."

Everyone in the room felt the need to lower their gaze. Even James Ian.

Outside the spacecraft Cameron Scott and Malcolm Brand had finished their grave digging for the day. The landscape made them feel uneasy. Not to mention the bodies of the dead all around them. 

"Ever see "Dawn of the Dead"?" Cameron leaned on the handle of his shovel.

Malcolm winced, "If you bring up Voodoo one more time because of my relatives I'm gonna punch your ass."

Cameron chuckled, "Just saying. The atmosphere of this place is damned spooky. Like at any time something could rear it's ugly head. Like that dinosaur bird when we crashed. If he was here there's probably more out there. Right?"

"Probably. Damn it! Now you got me stressing about it."

As they shivered and peered around for safety a sudden crackle came across the air.

"Jack's up and about." Ruby called across a walkie talkie. 

"Beejezus!" Cameron jumped. 

Malcolm was startled as well as he picked up the talkie and replied.

"Good news. Tell him we could use a hand digging."

"On our way out now. Take a break." She ended the call.

Five minutes later Ruby and Elle escorted Jack outside for his first taste of fresh air. Jack didn't even squint at the brightness of day. His eyes were instantly focused and adaptive. 

The short jaunt to the dig site led to a handshake reunion. Salutes all around.

Jack eyed the alien bodies strewn about alongside the passengers of their downed plane. The revelation sank in quickly.

"Let's get these bodies under. Stench is horrible." Ruby points out.

Jack eyes the aliens and shakes his head, "Imagine that. We really weren't alone in the universe."

Ruby steps up, "Above your clearance Soldier. I guess there's no need for secrets these days. Seeing as we may never get home."

"You knew they existed?"

"No. James Ian opened my eyes to all the government cover-up's. Above my clearance too. Now we know. James says these guys were primarily scientists. Let's just be glad we have James with us. Our chances of staying alive out here is in our favor. Between he and you Jack."

Ramse fidgets, " Just a man Ruby."

"A man with one hell of a resume. Don't be so humble. Look at you now, Captain America." She grins.

"Captain Timewarp." He chuckles.

He surveyed the wreckage as far as the eye could see. It seemed like there was no end. His thoughts were calculating a mile a minute. Then, he decided on "One step at a time."

Turning from Ruby he jumped in to help the others move the deceased to their final resting places. When the passengers of their plane were lowered, the final body was that of Madigan Ridge. Sophia's mother.

"Bury her separately. Respect for General Ridge and Sophia." Jack insisted claiming a shovel and moving off to start his own dig.

Moments later the group was joined by James Ian wearing what appeared as a hazmat suit, his dog Xander and Sophia Ridge. This was the first time everyone was forced to see her naked.

James cuts the tension with a reminder, " The Goranthian burial ritual requires their bodies be dissolved. That way their soul is forced to move on. This container is pure sulfuric acid. It should be enough to do the job. Everyone might want to step back. Way back."

Towering over the pile of alien corpses James stopped and recited their dialect in the form of a prayer. The group behind him stood back in awe. It was rather touching to some of them.

Once his verse ended he used a sprayer to douse their bodies with the acid. Each body reduced to liquid ooze and staining their way into the soil. After a good twenty minutes the ritual was finalized and James returned to the ship.

"Christ that stinks." Malcolm groans.

Behind everyone they found Sophia kneeling beside her Mother. There were no tears. Merely silence. She was listening to her inner friends. They were sorry for her loss. It meant a lot to know her tragedy was not so tragic after all.

Jack stepped in behind Sophia, "She must be in a better place than we are. She would want you to stay strong."

Sophia nods, "I know. And, I am. I'll make her proud of me. Even if I can't cover up this gorgeous body. That wasn't meant to sound like I was bragging. She would understand the situation even if it bothered her."

"Not much choice. We live with things and keep moving forward."

"Exactly. Where is forward though Colonel?" Sophia looks up at him.

""We decide that soon. For now let's just bury our dead and relax our wounds. There has to be more out there than just wreckage."

Sophia without thinking reached out and touched her Mother's limp corpse. Hand on hand. Just that quickly came a flood of memories. Her childhood. Her Mother's love. A gift from the parasites within her. Once the images faded Sophia removed her Mother's wedding ring and placed it on her own finger. She smiled as she thought to her new friends, "Thank you for letting me keep her ring. And, for promising not to eat it."

Jack went back to digging. It didn't take him long to empty a hole. He found his body fatigue to be non existent. 

"Let's lay Madigan to rest Sophia." He returns to her. She had now been joined by Elle in her grieving. They were touching the diamond ring and praying together.

"Let me help you Colonel." Elle rises to assist in moving Madigan's body. 

Between the two of them they lay her within the grave and position her. Suddenly, Elle freezes in her crouch. Jack notices the strange reaction.

"You okay, Franklin?" He squints.

Madigan's body begins to quake under Elle's grip. The situation became even stranger as Madigan literally gripped Elle by the wrist and wouldn't let go. Elle's eyes rolled back into her head.

Jack reacted by gripping Elle by her shoulder only to feel an electric shock course through his body. That shock moved into Elle. 

"Oh my God!" Sophia leaps to her feet and jumps in with them. Without thought actually touching Elle and Jack she too felt the shock within. 

The rest of the group gathered around them out of concern but Ruby made them stand back. They could only watch and wait.

Five minutes of torment later, Jack, Elle, and Sophia fell to the ground. 

Jack and Sophia revived almost instantly.

"My friends said to remain calm. All will be explained." Sophia whispers to Jack next to her.

Elle is finally released by the corpse of Madigan Ridge and she too regains her composure. Eyes returning to normal she glances over at Sophia.

"Where are your clothes Young Lady?" Elle erupts.

Sophia's eyes bulge, "MOM?"

Jack stands up and looks back at Ruby. Everyone was freaked out.

Elle suddenly shakes her head and offers a dazed expression. Glancing at the corpse she pauses and touches it once more. Elle was returning to herself.

However, before everyone's eyes Madigan Ridge left her body. Directly above them floated her spirit form. 

"How am I alive?"

Sophia bawled.

Malcolm Brand looked over at Cameron Scott. Both men were pale.

Dawn of the Dead indeed.