 This is a story about fictional characters in the WoW universe. All sex is between characters of legal age for their races/cultures.

*****

Ahnah and Zilah exited the Deep-Run Tram, passed through Tinker Town and stepped into the great Dwarven Capital city of Ironforge. The two Draenei females looked about and wrinkled their noses. Everything here smelled of the great furnace and forges... and ale. Dwarves were in abundance of course, but here and there were members of the other Allied races. Humans and Gnomes mostly, with a few Elves and fewer Draenei. 

The two females looked much alike, differing only slightly in size. Ahnah being a little taller than her daughter. Both were considered striking beauties in their race and the free minded of other races had to admit there was a great deal of beauty present, even if you weren't into the horns, tails and hooves. They had a pale blue complexion, the softly glowing bluish white eyes, and gracefully sweeping horns, smaller in Zilah's case. Both stood tall and carried themselves erect and proud, with long, golden manes. Both had enchanting smiles and exuded confidence and calm. 

Yet only Ahnah had the perfectly beautiful face, Zilah wore a veil to cover her disfigurement. It was of exquisite quality and craftsmanship, made of Iceweb spider silk with tiny jewels along the hem. It covered her in a shimmering curtain, yet did not impede her vision at all. Both wore expensive robes of dark blue embroidered with complex designs in silver and white. The skirts, although long were split quite high, allowing both ease of movement and casual display of their long legs. The fronts of the robes seemed possessed of their own magic. The necklines plunged down below their breasts, the edges seemed to adhere to their skin, never exposing more than intended, no matter how they moved. Yet exposed they were. Teasingly the swell of their breasts elicited looks from all races and both sexes. Some were approving, some disapproving, and some were hungry. Both females had large firm breasts, carried high and boldly thrust out before them. Ahnah's were larger, and yet she showed no sag or droop, traits relatively unknown to their race, thank the Naaru.

They stepped off, side by side, in perfect unison and the crowds seemed to part before them naturally. They first visited the bank, then secured a room at one of the inns where a porter brought their luggage. 

"Mama, this is so exciting, when do we meet with the Gnome lady?"

"Tomorrow, mid-morning. Relax! You are as anxious as a talbuk calf!"

"I cannot help it, Mama!"

"Ah! But you have seen many cities!"

"Nothing like this! All of it so deep within the mountain!" she replied and gazed up at the ceiling. "Cut from the living rock! And the furnace! Mama! Did you see that? Everything heated by it! The whole city is so warm, even though the mountain and valleys are covered in snow so deep!"

Ahnah laughed. The city was a marvel, but for her, the absence of crystals was unpleasant. She'd grown up mostly on the Exodar and never ventured far until she became an adult. The skies of Azeroth were so different from Draenor too, but sky was sky. Here you could see nothing but rock.

They ate in the common room of the inn. The Dwarves had some difficulty with the heavy Draenei accents as they too had trouble understanding the Dwarves. The menu was confusing as well. Finally the proprietor brought out a simple but wholesome savory rabbit stew. Ahnah drank wine but Zilah decided to try the ale. She looked humorous with the foam across her upper lip but seemed to like it. Indeed, she tried three different brews during the meal. As they went down (that was a dwarven thing she found confusing, Dwarves built downward, not upward.) to their room Ahnah left specific instructions for the morning... and enough coin to insure they were carried out.

The next morning, two dwarves brought breakfast to their room It was a hearty one of course, in the local style. There were eggs, bacon, sausage, toast and jam along with hotcakes and syrup. The latter a human concoction that the dwarves had adopted with gusto. Later a dwarven female came to escort them to the bath. The room was down another level and the attendant posted herself outside to insure their privacy. The pair of them stepped into the room and stared in amazement.

The bath was a stone basin cut right into the floor and was big enough for a dozen draenei at once! The water continually flowed into it at one end and out at the other. Ahnah also discerned several drains on the bottom. The water was very warm, heated no doubt by the great furnace. They stripped and laid their robes on the wooden bench, even removing their tail rings. While Ahnah wore two, Zilah only wore one at the moment. Well, her mother thought, she was still young, perhaps she would develop more. Ahnah actually wondered if it was time for her to consider a third ring. She was bustier now than she had ever been and the tail rings compensated for the weight of the bosom, allowing for better balance, posture and agility.

Zilah gasped as she stepped in but was soon reveling in the hot water. Her mother was less appreciative but tolerated it nonetheless. It was near scalding Ahnah thought, but probably soothed sore muscles wonderfully. She lit a couple of candles, some holy incense, and then chanted as she bathed her daughter in a time-worn custom too seldom practiced anymore.

"Heed me oh Daughter, gift of the Naaru, birthed of my flesh.

Poised on the step between childhood and maturity now.

Innocence escaping and knowledge entering you, filling you.

For this purpose the female was formed, to join, to mesh,

To give pleasure, to receive the seed, to accept and allow,

A spark of Life to grow and begin anew.

This act of pleasing, can be pleasing as well.

For the mating should rightly be joyous for all.

Give him yourself a vessel worthy and fair,

Then take him with gratitude when he does with desire swell.

And sing as he joins his flesh with you to answer love's call.

That great joy and pleasure the two of you shall share.

As she chanted, Ahnah's hands caressed her daughter's young body. Her delicate womanhood, inches above the surface of the water filled her nostrils with the scent of desire and arousal. Ahnah brought her tail up between her legs and parted those lips. She teased the girl only for a moment, watching her face. 

Zilah was biting her lip. She took a calming breath and gazed into her mother's eyes.

"I am ready Mama."

Ahnah held her daughter as she deflowered her. She felt Zilah jerk once and tense up, then relax. In the old tradition this was not a sex act, but the final act of preparation a mother performed for her daughter on coming of age. Too few carried on the old ways. Gently Ahnah inserted her tail as far into her daughter as she could and Zilah sighed and her body accepted this new role. Now she could mate painlessly.

Ahnah slowly withdrew her bloodied appendage, then anointed her daughter's vulva with blessed oils. Both were shedding tears, happy tears and Ahnah hugged her daughter tight.

"You are now a woman. I pray you find many joinings and that they all be pleasing and full of great joy."

Ahnah was both happy and sad as they finished and dressed.

Back in their room, they changed clothes and finally set off for their appointment. Taking a little known route which would lead to the airport, they eventually reached an intersection, a short distance down the left branch was a large dwelling. It bore no sign but the front porch was enormous. Even at mid-morning it was occupied by a number of males. They were smoking pipes, drinking ale and laughing. 

Ahnah looked at the other nearby dwellings and shops. Nothing else seemed likely. She took a deep breath and stepped forward. An elf rose from his seat and bowed.

"Good morning Lady, how may I assist you?"

"I-I am seeking the place of Gertie Cabledown. Is this it?"

"Indeed it is, Lady." he replied and moved to hold the door open for them.

Ahnah paused, "Do you work here?"

"Oh no," he answered smiling. "We are just customers. Most of the companions start their appointments at the next hour and we simply choose to meet out here as the staff inside prepare for the day."

Ahnah nodded and they entered. The males had all fallen silent and watched the two Draenei with curiosity. Zilah heard them whisper to one another, not quite soft enough.

"Ne'er had a Draenei b'fore. Wunner whot it's like?"

"Dunno, but didja see th' tits on th' tall 'un? Huuuge!"

Inside the building was a large common room filled with sofas and chairs. The walls were adorned with paintings of scantily clad females: Dwarves, Gnomes, a Human, and an Elf or two... but no Draenei. At the far end was a bar, and behind it a grey-haired old Gnome waved to them.

"Come on in! Have a seat here." she said smiling and placed a couple of glasses of cider before them. "You must be Anna and Zeela, pleased ta meecha." she said slurring over their names. "I'm Gertie." She took a sip of her own cider, eyed Zilah closely and sighed. "So why does a sweet young thing like you wanna work fer me?" she asked softly.

Ahnah started to answer but Gertie held up a hand. "Nope, I wanna hear it from her."

Zilah swallowed, looked at her hands a moment, then at the painting of the beautiful pink-haired gnome above the bar. When she spoke her voice was soft but clear and sounded almost musical.

"I took all the aptitude tests back home. My chief suitability was determined to be a Hostess or Comfort-Giver. A position that is growing more and more rare among our people. I did not like that at first and so I researched in the archives. The more I discovered, the more intrigued I became. I realized that I had a giving nature, a strong sense of empathy, and a desire to please. So the path seemed more... ah, would it be wrong to say 'proper'?"

"No, child. No, I understand your meaning. Some gals work job sites, Forts and logging camps. They don't have such a nice image in some folks' minds. But here, what with the wars and such... well, guys be needin' more than just sex. They need comfort as you said. But I gather that you're not experienced, and I also gotta wonder why you're comin' here rather than working on the Exodar... Why is that?"

Zilah looked at her mother and received a small nod. 

When I was a small child, my Mama and Papa took me to see the great city of Darnassus. Papa was a Priest, a Healer, and our ship was attacked by pirates. Papa died defending everyone. Mama was... Mama was cruelly used. Only my young age kept them from using me as well. But I fought them, and one of them cut me. Whatever the weapon was, it prevented my wound from ever healing completely..."

Zilah lifted her veil. Her face was indeed as beautiful as her Mother's, save for the scar which ran from her hairline down through her right eyebrow and high cheekbone. 

"This is why I cannot find a position as a Comfort-Giver among my own people. They require unmarred beauty. Nor am I likely to find a husband. Scars among the Draenei are respected on males, but scarred females are shunned. So I go to Darnassus, but they are no help. Then I go to great Stormwind. Many wounded come there, maybe I can help... but no. No Comfort-Givers, only prostitutes on street. But there I hear of you. They say you are fair, treat staff like family, have great house, have greater reputation. So, I come."

Gertie looked at Ahnah. "You know, most mommas don't encourage this line of work for their daughters. You okay with it?"

"I-I was not, at first. But it is as she said. Our people rejected her because she is flawed in their eyes. In MY eyes, she is a treasure. I-I am proud of her, whatever she does."

Gertie sat silently digesting this for a minute or two. Interestingly, Zilah did not replace her veil. She was certainly exotic and that alone should bring in a few guests, just the sheer novelty of a Draenei whore. The number of Draenei guests she'd seen was extremely low, but they did come to Ironforge... Well, it was worth trying, she had rooms after all, provided the girl was any good.

"Well, I'm convinced you're attractive enough," Gertie ventured, "provided you're good enough with the customers. You don't have experience... so you'll need a good teacher and you'll need to be a quick learner... Wait, are you a virgin?"

Both draenei blushed and looked away. "Not virgin,but... never-uh- joined with..." Zilah stammered awkwardly. "Was... uh..."

"I deflowered her this morning at dawn in an old ritual of my people." Ahnah said softly. "Is a mother's way of preparing her daughter for sex."

"Do tell... Gertie said. "Tell me more."

"We take our daughter, and teach them their duties in the joining, we tell them what it is and how to please their mate. In the old days, they watched their parents couple from behind veil... Then we answer questions. Final act is to deflower daughter so her first joining hurts less..."

"There is incense and candles and we pray!" Zilah added, almost enthusiastically. "Is beautiful transition from girl to woman. I-I wept."

Gertie smiled. Strange customs but who was she to judge? "Okay, but are you willing and able to have sex with customers, any customers? You know we don't see that many Draenei..."

Annah started to speak but a slight motion of Gertie's hand silenced her. She wanted to know what the girl thought.

Zilah looked more comfortable than her Mother. "Yes, I understand. I will receive males from other races. I am willing."

"And not all of these, in fact damn few, are gonna come for looking for healing comfort..." Gertie prodded. "You okay with that?"

"Body and soul, we need the intimacy of joining, the release of-of... energies. Is truly healing, even if they do not recognize it"

Gertie smiled. "That's true child. Okay, here's the deal. Some males tend to get overly enthusiastic, okay... but some tend toward violence. You understand you don't hafta put up with that. No one hurts a girl in my house and no girl has to do something she don't want to. You speak up and we 'll toss 'em out. Next, I handle the bookings here, you don't take clients without my knowledge. I handle the fees here and take 25%. For that, you get a room and three meals a day. Most gals keep a small bowl on their table for tips, that's all yours, unless you're teaming up with another gal. Bookings start at ten in the mornin' and you can run as many as you want, at an hour each, until two in the mornin'. All customers gotta be out by three. I don't like gals takin' on too many per day, you gotta pace yourself. Most take an hour break between bookings. Course I don't know what you can manage, you'll hafta be the judge of that. We help each other out for large groups or special requests, and you're responsible for keepin' your own room clean, linens changed and such. If I hire you, you'll team up with different gals for a while til I know you have the hang of it."

Zilah smiled broadly and Gertie reflected that she was very pretty despite the scar, especially her smile.

"One last point and we're done. Do you have any issues that we need to know about? Any cultural or religious No-Nos? And are you fertile or spelled?"

Ahnah answered this query, "She is not fertile, she is safe. Maintaining that will be MY responsibility. And our people are as sexually diverse as any. She knows about them all. Male or female, we do not judge."

Gertie nodded. "Good. Well let's see here..." she glanced at the ledger in front of her. "I was hoping to give you a trial with Agnes, but she's already got a booking... Hmmmn..."

At that moment two chatty Gnomes came in. They paused, removed their hats and bowed respectfully.

"Good morning Gertie!" said one.

"How are you today?" asked the other.

Gertie smiled, "Good Morning Abner, good morning Wilbur. You have an early booking with Shannon, right?"

"Oh yes!" said Abner.

"Yes indeed!" added Wilbur. "We have to travel to Booty Bay on business for a few days..."

"So we decided to book a two-hour session before we leave."

"That way Abner will be exhausted when we board the ship and sleep most of the way," Wilbur said. "He gets sea-sick you see."

"Oh me too!" said Gertie. "Listen boys, I'd like to ask a favor of you. This young lady is Zeela. She's wanting to work here. If it's okay with you, I'd like to send her along to join you and Shannon. Then afterwards you can give me your opinion. No extra charge. Would that work?"

"Oh my!" said Abner. "A Draenei!"

"And such a pretty young thing too! Wilbur said eyeing her. "I wouldn't know where to begin..."

"I do, Brother. I would be honored Miss Zeela." Abner said, bowing to her. Turning to Ahnah he eyed her as well. "And you would be her... sister?" He asked.

"No, I am her Mother," Ahnah answered matter-of-factly.

"No!" Abner replied. "You look far too young to have a daughter her age!"

Despite the obvious gambit on the gnome's part, Ahnah smiled. "You flatter me, sir. And before you ask, no, I am not seeking employment here."

"Pity" All three gnomes answered at once. Annah blinked, then blushed.

Gertie reached under the bar and pulled a chain that rang a bell in Shannon's room. A few minutes later Shannon came down the stairs and everyone turned to see. The pink-haired Gnome was looking particularly adorable this morning. She wore a green strapless dress the color of spring grass. The skirt reached her ankles but was split on both sides all the way up to her hips. A matching scarf was tied around her throat, her hair was bouncing in a single enormous tail and she was smiling brightly.

"Good morning Abner, good morning Wilbur!" she said cheerfully. They were her favorite customers, visiting her weekly, and always tipping well.

"Good morning dear Shannon!" Wilbur said kissing one hand.

"You look wonderful!" exclaimed Abner before kissing the other.

"I hope you boys had a big breakfast!" Shannon said, almost giggling. "Because we're gonna have sooo much fun!"

"Hang on a second," Gertie said. "There's a slight change. Shannon, this is Zeela," she said still mispronouncing the name, "Zeela, this is Shannon."

Zilah stood and towered over the gnome. Shannon barely reached the draenei's waist. She bent slightly and smiled warmly. "So very pleased to meet you!" she said. 

Shannon smiled back, "Hello! What brings you in today?"

"I hope to join you, to work with you as Comfort-Giver."

"Really!" Shannon said, amazed. "Gosh, that would be exciting!" But as she said this she glanced at Gertie and the old gnome saw the concern in Shannon's eyes.

"Yes, well that all depends on how well she does," Gertie said. "Wilbur and Abner have agreed to give her a try-out. I want you to mainly just watch how she does and give me your opinion afterwards. Don't guide or coach her, let's see how she does on her own."

"Uh, okay, sure," Shannon said. "Uh, can I have five minutes with her before the boys come up?"

"Sure, go ahead. I'll get them a couple of pints." 

Zilah turned and quickly kissed her Mother. "This is it Mama!" she practically gushed, then turned and followed Shannon upstairs.

Once inside Shannon's room, Zilah noticed that the bed, while huge for a gnome was normal for human, elf or draenei save that it was a little lower. The room was cozy enough though sparsely furnished. Shannon climbed up and sat on the table, her legs dangling.

"So you want to work here?"

"Yes!"

"Why?"

"I am to be Comfort-Giver. Is what I was meant to be. My aptitude tests point it out."

"I didn't know your people had whores."

"NOT whores!" Zilah said forcefully. "We heal soul and mind by giving comfort with sex. Long ago was respected and honored role. But now rare."

