 The bonfire blazed beautifully as the sun was setting in this strange land. This was the first time the group had dared the outdoors outside of their arrival and survival trips back to their destroyed plane. That and the burials of the deceased crews of both aircrafts.

Air Force Pilot "Cameron Scott" and Sargent Malcolm Brand had collected wood from the debris all around them to build their fire. Tonight they would feast on the prehistoric bird at their disposal. Much better than survival rations supplied by the U.S. Government.

"How's our Thanksgiving Dinner coming?" Ruby Goddard stepped from the Ganthorian ships entry steps.

Cameron had been crouched over a fashioned rotisserie making certain his bird wasn't going to be wasted or burnt. He looks up at his Commanding Officer who had changed her clothing. Her uniform and wife beater no longer fashionable. Now she wore a black t-shirt and gray jeans. No shoes upon her feet. Only a shoulder holster with a hand gun dangled over her chest. Her fiery red hair pinned back into leather braid with long pins slipped through as if an Asian art form.

"You clean up nice Colonel. No disrespect." Cameron notes.

"Would be cleaner if that bath hadn't come from a wet wipe and a bottled water. We need to figure out a water source before we get too depleted." She points out as her stride reaches them.

Malcolm stands up from his seat which consisted of what was left of Jack's makeshift stretcher. He offered it to Ruby along with a prepared plate of Pterodactyl and pork in beans. An unfolded hanky is used to dust off her seat in gallant fashion.

"This isn't a date Malcolm. No need to be so charming."

"Habit, Boss. Raised to be polite. Bird's tasty. Least we won't starve."

Ruby sits down and a plastic fork at her disposal to taste her dinner. After a few moments to savor it she puckers, "Compliments to the Chef. Gamey but not bad."

Cameron nods, "Maybe I'll open up a restaurant out here. Call it "Cam Goods!" He enjoys a chuckle from the group.

"Where's Elle and the others?" Ruby asks.

"Elle's still sleeping. Jack went exploring in our boat there. James is locked away and reading the alien handbook. Sophia I'm thinking doesn't need to eat our bird here. Heck I don't think she even pisses anymore." Malcolm sighs.

"Let's give her time to adjust. We keep an eye on her and her little friends. Not certain I trust them just yet. She's young and impressionable. I'm not even sure her Mom has any control over her as a ghost. She's just here."

"Still freaks me out Ms. Ridge. I keep singing the Ghostbuster's theme under my breath."

adds Malcolm.

"I knew you were a Ray Parker, Jr. fan." Cameron jests.

"There you go again you racist bastard." Malcolm scoffs with a wink toward Ruby to inform her that he was teasing himself.

With a troubled groan Ruby finished her meal.

Inside the spaceship Elle Franklin was waking from a fevered dream. She had isolated herself away to rest and gather her thoughts on her current situation. Fear crept in slightly before she finally passed out.

As her eyelids fluttered open in the darkness she reached out with her butane lighter and lit a candle she had in her bags. The glow of the flame eased her senses. Until she looked over at her other hand. The flickering light brought out the many facets of her diamond flesh. As she predicted the rash of evolution moved higher up her arm. It was now over her left shoulder and surrounding her throat. Reaching behind her with her good arm she felt the diamonds moving straight down her spine to her pelvic region. There was no discomfort at all. Merely an adjustment of lifestyle. She could still function as normal and her diamond fingertips could actually move they would any other day. 

Running her diamond palm over the flame she felt nothing however. She then took the risk of her good hand attempting a burn. It indeed felt hot yet her minor burns healed as fast as they occurred.

Digging through her bag she found a small compact mirror and looked at her face. Her eyes sparkled more than usual. Going from their natural brown to crystalline then back. In the candlelight her crystalline eyes displayed a glare on the walls of her room. Wherever she looked it illuminated.

Haunted yet amazed all the same she decided to stand up and stretch. She felt really good. Almost like she could run a mile.

"Well Beyoncé! I put a ring on it all by myself. Now look at me."

The chuckle faded fast as she again dug through her bag for a photograph of she and whom she thought was her soulmate, " Darius Grover Wright". Defensive tackle for the Indianapolis Colts turned High School Athletics Coach. She could only sigh at her misfortune. And his. They were lost to each other forever.

Putting the picture away safely she changes her attire, adopting her Colt's Jersey and a pair of white shorts. It was a good memorial in her mind. She then stepped out into the hallway. 

Xander darted past her on his way to James she presumed. She would be wrong as the dog left the craft to join the fire outside. In her walk she was joined by Jack who had also changed clothing. He now wore a navy blue t-shirt with his rank insignia's pinned to it.

"Uniform's ruined. Arm's missing." He attempts to joke about his misfortune when he notices her left arm and throat, "You okay?"

"Never better. Doesn't hurt. Brings out my eyes."

He smirks awkwardly, "Speaking of eyes."

"I know. They seem to phase back and forth indecisively. As long as I don't go blind I'm good." She smiles.

"Brave soldier." He salutes her.

She returns the respect with a wink. Together they stepped outside to join the party.

Deeper within the spacecraft Sophia sat Indian style on the floor. She had found her own domicile away from everyone. It was a move that helped her find peace within herself. Her new friends singing within her created a form of meditation. Something she never knew existed. It did keep her mind off of the whole time lost situation.

In front of Sophia drifted her Mother's spirit Madigan Ridge. She too had left the building. Her eyes went solid white and it was as if she was trying to communicate with someone. You could see her stressing features even in her ghostly form.

After ten minutes both women revive and feel a sense of inner peace.

"That was incredible Guys. Thank you." Sophia grins giddily. 

Her Mother crosses her arms as if shivering, "Someone keeps calling me. I can't quite make it out though. Is it God?"

Sophia shrugs, "I don't know. Is God real?"

In her mind Sophia hears a unanimous chatter.

"Oh wow! They say Absolutely. Higher power created us all. He is a She they say."

Maddy frowns, "The voice I hear is not a female. I cannot believe that God is a woman."

"Only telling you what they say. Mother gave birth to the Heavens."

"Okay? Who knocked up Mommy?" Maddy scowls.

"They say Mommy created herself. Her children conceived the rest. I can almost envision her. Weird."

"Go back to sleep." Maddy hisses rolling her spectral eyes.

"You go back to sleep. You died. Just saying."

"Your father would wash your mouth out with soap if he heard you talk to me like that."

"My friends might like the soap. And, Dad's hand holding the soap. Can we stop arguing now? I'm sorry Mom."

"Fine! Let's stop talking about God. This certainly must be Hell."

"Actually, I think this is Purgatory. A terrible episode of the TV series "Lost"." Sophia giggles.

"My friends are hungry. Let's go join the others. I can take a walk and find something to feed my babies."

"Babies? Good Lord "Piper Sophia". I'm too young to be a Grandmother."

"Congrats Mom. You now have a million two hundred thousand nine hundred and eighty six Grand babies. Let's take a family portrait."

"UGH!!!!" Maddy turns in the air and literally walks through the wall leaving her daughter behind.

Sophia pouts suddenly, "I know. Show more respect for her. You guys are right. I just can't help myself sometimes. Let's go eat. What sounds good? Whoa!!! Seriously?"

With another shrug Sophia hops up and walks through the ship. Leaving behind burnt butt cheek marks on the floor where she had sat.

Outside by the fire there was finally an air of relaxation. All of them had finished eating and were marveling at the diamond display on Elle's person. 

Maddy had phased through the hull of the ship to join them forcing another shared "BEEJEEZUS!" from both Malcolm and Cameron. They then proceeded to argue over who had the rights to copyright the term "Beejeezus." Who said it first and who it was that was the copycat.

Laughter abounded which made for a formed smile on Maddy's ethereal lips. She needed that.

At Elle's feet sat the German Shepard "Xander" looking up at her.

"You looking for scraps Pup?" Elle grinned lovingly.

"Actually. I was looking at your eyes. They're beautiful." Came the voice of James.

Everyone stopped talking until Cameron huffed, "Best pick up line from a dog I ever heard."

Xander darted his eyes from Elle to Cameron then back. Then toward the emerging Sophia from the gang plank. Xander then decided to move away.

"What's wrong Kid? Normally you wait for a stick to be thrown before you chase it." Cameron chuckles.

Sophia opts to walk seductively toward the gathering, forcing Maddy to close her eyes and shake her head. Her daughter chose to palm her burgeoning chest yet let the world see her unshaven snatch. Her expression was shameless.

"What smells good?" She releases her tits and bounces up and down in front of Cameron and Malcolm.

Stammering Malcolm looks away and begins humming to himself.

Cameron frowns standing up to face her, "Didn't think you ate anymore."

"Oh I eat. I just don't really need to. It's just my way of remaining normal I guess. Not as if I need to watch my figure now. My friends will keep me in shape."

She turns her back to him and acts as if she was warming herself by the fire. With all eyes on her she bends over directly into Cameron behind her. Her ass touches his crotch and everyone's eyes bulge out of shock.

Cameron offers a distasteful glare at her then he too flares his eyes up and quickly steps back. Before anyone could react they found Cameron patting his pants seam to put out a smoldering rash that was eating away at his slacks. He swiftly unzips his pants and yanks them off tossing them aside. The entire pair of pants was devoured where she had rubbed up against him. 

Ruby jumped up from her seat and pushed past Malcolm and Elle. Facing Sophia she planted a finger in her face.

"Stop your adolescent bullshit right now. You could have seriously hurt Cameron with that stunt."

Sophia stands up straight, "I owed him that for spanking me."

Cameron covers his boxers and growls, "NOT COOL!"

Sophia giggles pointing at him with a wagging finger that droops like a lost erection, "When you're hot you're hot. When you're not you're not."

Jack steps in hovering over Sophia unknown to her until she realizes all eyes were on her. Yet through her. Looking over her shoulder and up at his scowl she clams up. His glare was enough to haunt her sensibilities.

She sulks and turns away from him to flare her eyes wide toward the ground. 

Sophia then overhears Cameron telling Elle, "Her cooties could have ate my DC-10."

Finally Sophia turns to Cameron, "I shouldn't have done that. Forgive me? Sometimes I just like getting even. I told my friends to just sizzle your pants. Not hurt you. They listen to me."

Maddy floats close to her right side, "Where did you learn to be this careless? It certainly wasn't me. Nor your Father."

"I'm me, Mom. I make mistakes. I just apologized, and I meant it."

Jack retreats silently as Xander walks beside him.

"Can we talk Colonel?"

Jack narrows his eyes and steps away from the gathering. He then leers at the dog.

"Elle's eyes worry me. It's like energy buildup in there. Question is where does it come from? The energy. The link you all had created something new. It's like she might be absorbing heat. Waiting to release it. I don't think she feels it though."

Grunting Jack peers back at Elle who was staring at the fire. He also witnesses Sophia walk away in the direction of the Pterodactyl corpse. Xander and James observe her as well.

"Sophia needs to feed the parasites. The bone marrow might be their main course. Just a guess." James offers insight.

"Let her do what she needs to do. As long as she's no harm to others."

James agrees, "What about Elle?" 

"Let's find out."

Jack strolls back to the fire and stands beside Elle.

"Feels nice." He places his palms over the flames.

"It does." She admires the tensing flames as Malcolm coaxes the coals.

Her eyes glow timidly as she stares at the fire. Elle fails to realize their dilation. The crystalline effect fans out around her retina and simmers.

Jack winces at the mesmerizing effect it has on her. The glow intensifies until she quivers. It was then that Jack ordered Malcolm back.

"Out of the way." He barks forcing Malcolm to stand up and step back.

The commotion brought the attention of Ruby and Cameron.

Without another second to ponder they watch twin beams of light eject from Elle's eyes like laser beams that attack the open fire causing a maddening effect on the logs and charred coals. Sparks spit into the air like fireflies on steroids.

Just as quickly her eyes return to normal.

"Did I just do that?" Elle stammers out of disbelief.

"James utilizing Xander prowls forward looking up at her, "That was awesome. She's a cross between Cyclops and Emma Frost of the X-Men. How crazy is that."

Nobody understood his comic book references. They only knew Elle was a deadly weapon.

Ruby moves to Elle's side, "Can you control that?"

Elle shrugs with a fearful pucker, "I don't know. Time will tell."

Xander glares toward Cameron and see's his sunglasses dangling from his shirt collar. The dog easily jumps up on Cameron and clamps its teeth carefully around the shades. He then returns with them to Elle.

Jack claims them from the dog and hands them to Elle, "Let's filter out what we can."

James now sitting offers, "I'll build her a pair of safety glasses that can keep her flares in check. Until she learns to control them."

Cameron pouts, "I lose my favorite pants and now my shades? Anybody touches the ball cap I'm out of here."

Jack comforts Elle with an arm around her shoulder, "We all adapt. Work together. We're soldiers in a new battlefield. We utilize what's given us and we find a way home."

Ruby agrees, "Tomorrow we start salvaging what's around us. As I pointed out earlier, we need a fresh water source. Drinking and bathing."

Xander looks toward Jack and whines.

"Does this spacecraft have a water filtering system? It's bound to carry water if these Ganthorian's are a water based life form."

"I'll examine the systems further and see what I can come up with. Keep in mind this crates been sitting here awhile." James vocalizes through Xander's collar.

"You're smart Kid. Get this rig amped up and livable for a good long stay if need be. There's so much tech in there we should be able to handle anything that comes our way." Jack orders.

"Food and water. Necessity, folks. Even if we gotta grow our food."

Malcolm points at Cameron, "No cotton field comments."

Cam chuckles, "Might need cotton if I keep losing clothes like that."

"Enough joking around." Ruby insists looking down at Cameron's boxers, "Go put some clothes on. Your balls are hanging out."

Cam looks down and tucks them in the best he could, "Yup! Will do." He darts up the gravity stairwell.

Laughter was hard to contain. Even for Ruby who kept a straight face.

As everyone resisted Sophia returned with her Mother in tow. The young woman was rubbing her belly and burping out loud.

"I never knew dinosaur bones were so tasty. My friends were like piranha's in heat. Dissolved that cranium in seconds."

Maddy pouts toward the group, "So very disgusting."

"Hey, at least I don't get periods anymore. That would gross out everybody."

Xander laid down and covered his ears with his paws.

Or was that James.

Now everyone laughed freely.