 It was a sleepless night aboard the sealed up Spacecraft. Everybody took the risk of sleeping. That is of course what everyone hoped for. Only Cameron Scott and Elle Franklin had given in to slumber. 

Malcolm Brand sat up on watch. He felt the need to keep an eye open just in case. Sitting alone wouldn't last long.

Ruby Goddard joined him on looking the horizon through the massive cockpit window. 

"Who needs sleep anyway." She frowns sitting down in the seat next to him and slouches.

Malcolm barely awake nods, "All the time in the world for that. Funny that way."

Sighing she kicks off her boots and props her socked feet up on a console.

"I need a hot bath dammit. Lots of suds."

"Burger and fries. Chocolate shake."

She huffs, "Cam would have a rude comment for that wish list."

"Racist bastard." Malcolm chuckles cracking his knuckles.

"Seems to me you two have become best friends." She raises a questionable eye brow.

"He's alright. Makes the time go by faster when we crank on each other. I know he's just joking. Same with him."

"Safe to say he would take a bullet for you I'm thinking."

"He better. Cause I'm running like hell if I'm being shot at."

Soft laughter helps the uneasy night.

"So, Ruby. What was life like for you before all this? Tell me a story."

"Story, huh? Alright. I'm an Army brat. Dad was a Colonel also. Retired just in time for me and my four brothers to enlist. Spent our entire younger life training to go in for more training. I was a black belt before I turned thirteen. Boxer for fun. Scuba diving off Baja. Ran six miles every day until I joined up. Didn't have the time after that. Once I breezed through basic I was moving up in rank by the day. Saw battle in Iraq alongside Jack. Got pulled out when my brother Deuce got ambushed in Kuwait. Died a hero."

"Sorry to hear that Ruby. Lost my buddy Roscoe in Afghanistan. I know the grief well."

She sighs, "Yeah! Anyway strangely enough I got promoted up to the REGION Alliance. Special unit which made me a retriever. Young kids the age of James. Prodigy's they were called. Somehow I think I was working for the bad guys. This side trip might have been a blessing."

"I can't say I'm stressed by the peacefulness here. My loved ones are few and far between. Pretty much just me and my Dad. Grew up on the bayou of Louisiana. I signed up just to escape that hell. Hunting and wrestling gators got old."

"You wrestled an alligator?" She smirks.

"Don't seem so surprised. I'm tougher than I look."

"Oh, I never doubted that Big Guy. I just never pictured you wrestling a lizard."

Ruby yawns and glares out into the darkness. Something suddenly catches her eye. Leaning forward in her chair she squints.

"Is that a light?"

Malcolm joins her in piercing the distance, "Faint but yeah I see it too."

He reaches back for a pair of infrared binoculars and attempts to catch a glimpse of the light's source. As soon as he narrows it in his sights the light vanishes.

"It's gone." He growls.

"Ball lightning maybe?"

"I'll stay up and keep my eyes open."

She nods patting his shoulder as she stands up, "Let me know if it comes back."

Leaving Malcolm on watch Ruby casually strolls the halls of the ship toward her room. Having belonged to one of the Ganthorian crew it made her skin crawl being alone in it. The darkness itself made her uneasy. Almost as if she was being watched.

"Boo!" 

Ruby jumps at the sudden intruder and moves into a defensive stance. She then realized the voice.

"Jack? You scared the life out of me."

"You're breathing awful hard. Looks like you're pretty healthy to me."

"Ohhh right. Heightened senses. You see in the dark now?"

"I see well enough. Smell you too."

"That must be frightful."

"No worse than the rest of us. You and I both know what that's like. Weeks at a time in the desert."

"True. Malcolm and I just thought we spotted a light in the distance. It disappeared though."

"I'll patrol tomorrow and see if there's any sign of life where you saw the light at."

"I can go with you. I could use a run. Pent up energy. I'm feeling cooped up in this fortress."

"Same here. I need the wide open spaces. I'm starting to go stir crazy."

She senses him draw closer to her, "Jack?"

"Yeah?"

"What are you up to?"

His body presses against hers. She could feel his breath on her shoulder. The seconds beat like drums with the silence. Finally, she attacks his lips and melts into his embrace. In response he shoves her forcefully against the wall. Her pulse races and her instincts took over. She pushed back and threw her weight into him. He only budged because he allowed it. 

Dragging her with him he forces her into another kiss. Holding her arms at bay by the elbows. In the darkness she moaned with a growl mixed in for intimidation.

"What brought this on Jack?" She tilts her neck to be nuzzled.

"Stress relief. You need it more than I do."

"Do I?"

"Am I wrong?"

She winces at his grip on her arms. She refused to admit his hands vice like lock hurt like hell. Using her feet she literally walks up his legs to surround his waist. She squeezed her powerful legs around the base of his spine until her strength matched his. So she thought.

He merely walks her over to the wall and pins her to it. This time he lifts her arms up around his neck. In doing so he runs both hands up her shirt and palms her breasts.

"Dammit, Jack."

"Firm as they look. We doing this here or taking it into the gravity beds?"

"For the sake of our crew I say we go behind closed doors."

"Fair enough. Your crypt or mine?"

"Implying I'll be a dead lay?"

"Can't imagine."

Jack twists and carries her along as he kicks her door wide and takes her inside. His foot then eases the door closed.

Quickly realizing the gravity beds were never made for human sexual positions they ended up on the floor. Ruby was naked faster than she ever thought possible. In the dark her hand located Jack's monster cock. Her eyes flared.

"Christ Jack."

"I would say that Weaver bug has a few benefits." He exhales over her just before lowering himself to penetrate her. 

"Slow down Soldier. No lube. It's been awhile."

With a tense growl he moves back and storms her pussy with a ravaging tongue. The lube came natural. So did her echoing moans. No matter how hard she concealed herself there was no way she would never be heard. Jack was entirely too bestial at the moment.

After her first orgasm Jack returned and savagely fucked her missionary until she screamed again. Her nails had ripped his back to shreds. He healed instantly.

No detonation on his part he snarls and rolls her over doggy style and continues his assault. Her hair he coiled around his wrist for a rein. In the shadows her chest bounced about like an earthquake struck. Nipples bullet ready.

It was when he pulled out and began to enter her anally that she rebelled.

"Not this life time Jack." Now she fought hard.

She likely lost locks of her red mane but she rolled over and used her feet on his torso to shove him back. He in turn released her hair enough for her to ambush him. She straddled his beast and rode like a cowgirl chasing down a calf. He allowed it.

A ball of sweat she cries out of her own ambition yet again. 

Jack smirked and let go with an explosion so intense he cradled her upper body tightly to keep her from falling during it. His guttural roar rebounded off the walls.

Once the nerve centers relaxed Ruby realized their predicament.

"Fuck you Jack. You might have just got me pregnant with that stunt. It's not like I can run to the corner drugstore for birth control."

Squinting up at her he snarls, "We done here?"

She dropped forward and they inhaled each others lips. Ten long minutes they struggled.

Finally, she pulls away and crawls off of him. Standing between his legs she looks down at his still taunt erection. Even in the darkness she knew it was artillery strong. With clenched teeth she moves her socked foot forward and steps on his ball sack. He grunts at the minor discomfort.

"I could make sure there's no future accidents." She winces.

He lays there awaiting her next move. It didn't take long.

Ruby drops to her knees and leans forward to swallow his cock. The next eight minutes she fed like a starving animal. Lost in her mission.

Jack tenses up and destroys her throat with his cum. She was forced to pull away and accept the remaining flood to drip over her chest and down to her knee caps.

Swallowing as much as possible she was prompted to spit out the remainder.

"I seriously hate you Jack." She whispers.

"We cuddling?"

"Why now? You resisted me for years."

"I ain't proposing Ruby. Like I said, Stress relief."

She sneers at him, "Now I'm more stressed than ever. What I said before. This is no place to get knocked up in."

"You do know I'm fixed right? My life wasn't made to raise a family."

"Good to know. Except for one fact."

"What's that?" He narrows his gaze.

"Weaver bug fixes wounds. Your healing factor. Might be it fixed everything."

He stares at her long and hard, "Well hell."

"Yeah! Go to your room Jack. Life returns to normal here in Death Valley."

He crawls to his feet and gathers his clothes. Silently he steps out and closes the door.

Ruby curled up on her gravity bed and tossed about for the next hour.

Her hormones were still crying out.

Fingers it was.

 Jack was wired. Thoughts troubled he chose to go to the cockpit and sit with Malcolm.

Malcolm glared over at him, "You look shell shocked."

"Different subject." Jack snaps.

"I'm bushed." Malcolm hands him the binoculars, "You keep watch. I'm going to dream. Maybe of Hula Girls."

Jack says nothing. Once Malcolm vacates the cockpit Jack stands there leering into the darkness. Nothingness.

Eyes never straining he barely blinks.

Lost in the moment he suddenly realizes a light source coming from beneath the window. It was getting more intense by the second. He leans forward attempting to hug the glass and peer downward.

His awkward insight didn't last long. 

Without warning he jumped back to react to something he never predicted.

A woman with tiny dragonfly like wings hovered in front of him. Only, this beauty was maybe six inches tall. And, naked. With very large breasts. How she could fly was anyone's guess. Of course this was a mirage. Right?

Both of them glared at each other with awe. Shocked by one another Jack placed his hand on the window to initiate contact. The fluttering nightlight merely admired his hand and smiled. Blowing him a kiss she flew away.

"What the fuck was that about?"

Jack sat back down and found a bottle of Vodka.

He needed a drink.