 James Ian Pryce was a genius. Well! Is a genius. Not only did he hack nearly every Government and Military installation on Earth he recalled most of what he learned. Photographic memory helped him hide the paper trail. What nobody knew was that he had hidden the micro logic also within his youthful dog, "Xander".

Xander led a normal life. Catching sticks thrown by his Master. Rolling over to get his belly rubbed. However the term "Fetch" meant more than retrieve. Fetch was the program James Ian had installed on to the chip buried within the dog's brain. At age 8 he was already Albert Einstein on steroids. Only his parents did their very best to keep that part a secret. They knew only bad things could come from his intellect being a public knowledge. His mistake happened to be when James Ian ordered parts from the black market without his parents knowing. Parts that could potential be classified a terrorist act. Even though he meant no harm. He just needed to know he could build what was in his mind.

That tipped off the bigwigs at REGION.

REGION was a think tank the military funded. The United States citizens didn't even know the facility existed. After all the Black Hills of North Dakota was pretty desolate. Similar in fact to the landscape they were trapped in presently. That fact alone nagged at James.

He was grateful to have survived and to be with good people. He felt obligated to repay their kindness. Keeping everyone alive and happy made him smile.

So, did all of this alien tech.

Sneaking out to explore on his own led him blocks away into the deeper scientific quarter of the Ganthorian starship. It was here he located everything his brilliant heart could desire. Maybe he could surprise his new family yet.

For now he settled on the promises he made. He forged a pair of dark Obsidian lens that replaced Cameron Scott's original lens within his glasses that Elle could use to keep out the rigors of bright sunlight. They saw how deadly she could be around a mere bonfire. Absorbing the heat and light it gave off conceived a build up within her like a solar battery on a very small scale. She had to expel it or face a potential reactor like meltdown. Laser beam eyes. Due to the diamonds and Jack's electrons it designed a weapon of mass destruction. 

Not even Elle's healing abilities could mend anybody she obliterated within range of her loss in control. These glasses would keep her and anyone in her path safe.

"One project down. Next step Sophia. She might not want clothing but everyone feels uneasy seeing her naked. Unlike me. Oooooh Yea! Can't touch. Can't touch!" He reminds himself with a look of sadness.

After consulting the computer banks with his keypad he discovers something that makes him curious. Following the mapping mode of the large science room he adopted he finds rolls of fabric. After careful study he risks placing his arm into a wrapping of the fabric. He thinks of what he wants it to look like and the cloth constricts and contorts on its own.

"Life fiber! How cool is this. We can make clothing out of this stuff that can keep us cool as well as safe from certain things. He decides to take the risk and remove enough material to cover his entire body. A few feet away his pet Xander whines and tilts his head at his Master's movements. The clothe entwines his body from the neck down. Once covered he molds the material by thought into a fashioned jump suit. The color went from white to red and created pouches all along the outfit to contain whatever he desired. Too snug at first he merely orders it to loosen up in the areas that counted.

"Wonder if this fabric would survive on Sophia? Or die screaming."

He decides to prepare a suitable amount of cloth as a test run. If he could get Sophia to even wear it. Worth a try he thought. If not he could still admire her from a distance.

His third step looked into the defense perimeter possibilities. Using too much internal power would only drain the ships engine core. Somehow he would need to find a jump starter power source.

"I wonder how much energy Elle could absorb and re-channel? I'll run the idea by her."

He found something stored away that could be useful for the perimeter. At the very least an early warning device.

In a closed case he found a cache of softball sized alloy globes. Researching them he discovers them to be drones for surveillance.

"Ten of these bad boys. I can activate them as solar collectors to keep them functioning and position them around the entire ship. They can create a beacon to indicate motion within a programmed radius."

Delving further into their construction he reverse engineers one of them. To his surprise they were already gifted as defense mechanisms. Gravity orbs that float and fly at an accelerated rate through an internal guidance system. Miniature computers that calculate and determine threat levels. Held need to scale down what was classified a threat. He didn't need one or all of them to hurt anyone in his party.

"Neutralizers. Their existing design already absorbs solar energy and channels their activity. Processors that feed off the solar battery. Voice recognition systems help them identify non combatants. They produce mini force fields that freeze a threat in place. Until someone of Authority releases them. Interesting! I might be able to fashion a force field for myself."

Closing the case he hears Ruby Goddard calling out for him. She must have been searching all morning.

Stepping out of the room he spots her flashlight and whistles in her direction loudly. Moments later she locates him.

"What are you doing way out here? I thought I told you we needed to all stay close together."

"I had Xander with me. Besides I can take care of myself. Stop worrying Mom."

She groans, "Not that again." It was especially raw due to unprotected sex with Jack Ramse. Even if he insisted he was fixed and could never sire children.

James sensed her troubled confusion, "You alright? I was only kidding."

"I'm fine. We might need to chat about it sometime though."

"Oh no. My first Birds and the Bees talk?"

"Drop it already. You heard us didn't you?" Ruby shakes her head frowning.

He lowers his gaze with a low whistle as if to change the subject.

"Whole ship heard me and Jack. It won't happen again."

He kicks his toes on the floor fidgeting when Ruby notices something.

"What are you wearing?"

"Oh, yea. It's called "Life Fiber". It fits and forms to whatever imagination your fashion ideas are. It's safe. Skalakian Micro fibers inlayed with Nannite memory fleas. Feels like silk but can keep you warm and actually might contain body odor."

Her brow raises, "I'd rather have a hot bath. Any chance we can figure that one out?"

"I'll work on it. Our water source is depleted except for chemical bathes. Those I wouldn't risk. If I can figure out a filtering system that the chemicals won't melt I'll set you up."

"Good boy. Can this fiber be used for Sophia?""

"I'm not sure yet. But, I also made Elle a pair of glasses utilizing polished Obsidian. She should be able to see perfect through the lens. Use it to channel her energy build up."

"You've been busy." Ruby obtains the glasses and looks them over.

"Lots I can do here. Don't get your hopes up but I might someday be able to power this baby up."

"Baby?" Ruby cringes.

"The spaceship. It might not fly but I can get us lights and a more stable flow of power."

"Keep at it. For now lets go offer these to Elle and discuss where we all go from here. Malcolm and I spotted a distant light last night. Faded quickly. I think Jack's going out to take a look now that the sun is up."

"Light? That could mean other survivors." He peps up.

"Maybe. Could have been ball lightning."

"Temperatures not right for that. Sure it wasn't Aurora?"

"No. Too small. Our minds might just be playing tricks on us."

"I'll work on scanners to detect distant changes in radiation, climate change, you name it. I've already found us some defense drones we can spread out once I reprogram them."

"Damn Boy! Keep this up I'll promote you."

At their feet Xander whimpers with a single bark.

"He needs to go potty."

"Wide open spaces out there. Let him roam."

"No. I want him close. I need him. Y'know?"

"Man's best friend. I get it."

Together they walk toward familiar territory.