 Jack Ramse had left the spacecraft as soon as the sun rose. He weaponized up with handguns and a single grenade. He felt his short tour alone didn't require much in defense. He was merely scouting around the edges of the downed Ganthorian craft. Primarily under the cockpit area which he could only surmise its location. The windows were too high up and out of view at his angle.

This morning he was more concerned with the possibility of footprints. Even though what he and only he spotted in the early morning hours had wings, it/she also had legs and feet. Not too mention a glow that could be blinding to most people. His eyes were a tad stronger than most.

The only other thing he brought with him that wasn't a weapon was a Geiger counter. Luckily, while he was being mended Malcolm Brand had gone back for more retrievable items from their downed Hercules aircraft. Namely the counter.

Testing the air around the ship he discovered the radiation content to be normal as ever. He had been briefed by Ruby since healing that they had tested the area for safety. Including inside the ship. Safe all around.

Ceasing the crackle of the detector he growls under his breath.

"Could be something escaped the ship before we got here. Some other alien life form. My eyes certainly didn't betray me."

He crouches to get a closer look at the soil. No prints evident yet he did notice a moisture mixed in with the dryness of the landscape. Fidgeting he shakes it off as morning condensation, even though the ship was bone dry and dusty. Even around it was cracked ground.

"Not even a birds nest in sight. Of course we haven't seen any birds outside of that prehistoric hot wing. Has to be more life here somewhere. Question is how far out does here go? Are we on Earth? Same atmosphere as Earth. Must be more beyond this desert we're stuck in." His thoughts race.

As he studies the ships circumference he realizes there isn't much damage. The craft was sturdy. So, how did the Ganthorian's perish so easily? Bones broke and left to die was the easy explanation. Yet, if there really was a human on board how did he go without being harmed? Who was Major Lucas Dorsey?

Jack would circle the entire craft. 

Just outside of the gravitational stair case entrance Malcolm guided Elle along. She was still wearing Cameron's shades yet she also wore a hoodie that concealed her head from daylight. Just a precaution.

Following them was Ruby and James Ian Pryce.

"Elle? I need you to squeeze your eyelids as tight as possible until we switch your glasses. Don't open your eyes until I tell you to." James cautions her.

He carefully removes Cameron's shades and hands them to Malcolm. James then replaces them with her new Obsidian glasses designed after Cam's. The Obsidian was fashioned like welding glasses blocking even her peripheral vision. Once adjusted by Elle herself James steps behind her and motions everyone to do the same.

"Can I open my eyes now?" Elle requests.

James makes certain even Xander was behind them by crouching down and holding him. No chances taken.

"Remove the hood and slowly open them." He encourages.

Elle immediately tugs the hood back to dangle over her back and squints. Her vision shaded by the Obsidian she could see everything around her pretty well. In front of her stood shards of sheet metal Malcolm had salvaged for James as a test. Too their left was a sizeable boulder of about four foot around.

"What's all of this?" She asks with a sigh.

Ruby takes the lead, "Gun range of sorts. James seems to think you can focus your eyes into pinpoint lasers. Let's at least see what we have to contend with. We certainly want to help you Elle."

"I know that. I just wish I knew if this was a curse or a gift. I mean it might come to a point I can never look at any of you without worrying I might incinerate you."

Malcolm jumps in, "Just know that even if you can't we're never going to abandon you."

"I know that too. I trust you guys. I just want to be trusted too."

"If this doesn't work effectively I'll try something else. Obsidian is as dark as I have access to at this point. As a filter it should contain any pent up energy. If you ever feel like it's building too much just run out here and let it go. Hopefully, you can control it on your own after living with it awhile." James expresses.

"Okay! Here goes nothing."

She gradually lifts the glasses and looks straight ahead at the targets. Nothing! No lasers. Just normalcy.

"Was last night just a fluke?" Ruby asks.

"I doubt it." James fidgets, "Look up at the sun directly, Elle."

Tilting back she does just that. Instantly she feels herself fueling up. Nothing painful, merely absorbing it like a gas tank.

"I can feel it. My eyes are charging up. Keep back."

They already tightened their ranks behind her.

After another minute she stares wide eyed at the wreckage assembled before her. Twin blasts of white hot energy seer forth as if only through her pupils. Micro thin lasers that cut the metal in half instantly. 

"Now the rock." James directs.

She turns her gaze and expected to blow the rock apart. Instead, the rock finalizes two bored holes clean through the boulder. Precision without even trying.

"Close your eyes and put the glasses back on. Let's make sure the glasses contain it." James orders.

Doing so Elle risks opening her eyes and feels her energy redirect.

"Guys? It feels like the energy is rerouting."

They witness her diamond covered left arm begin to glow faintly. In the process Elle raises her hand in front of her to witness the fire inside.

"Doesn't feel hot at all. Just alive kind of."

James eyes the boulder, "Step over to the big rock. Smash down on it."

A simple stride forward Elle raises her fist and slams it down hard on the boulder. Energy arcs in her swing downward like a rainbow. On impact the rock splits into three chunks. In seconds her arms glow fades away.

"Wow!" Elle gasps almost grinning, "I expected it to pulverize."

James chuckles loudly, "Cyclops, Emma Frost, and Iron Fist rolled up into one person. SO COOL!"

Malcolm shakes his head, "Comic book references again? Come on Kid."

Ruby assists James up, "Let him be Malcolm. At least we're alive and probably better equipped than most survivors. If he gets excited consider his age."

Elle afraid to look at them merely folds her arms and looks out over the terrain.

"You alright, Miss Bling?" Malcolm worries.

"I'm surprisingly good Malcolm. Just give me time to feel in control."

"All the time you need Elle." Ruby expresses.

James points at Xander to stay then moves in front of Elle. She was caught off guard and quickly looks away.

He follows her gaze forcing her to continue avoiding him.

"James, stop! I don't want to hurt you." Elle responds terrified by the prospect.

Ruby concurs, "Knock it off."

Before Elle could move again James snatches the glasses from her face. She swiftly covers her eyes with her left arm.

"Open your eyes." James prompts.

"No. I won't hurt you."

"You won't. Trust me." He offers confidence.

Elle haunted by the possibility of dissecting the boy squints before taking the risk. Nothing happens. Her eyes felt normal.

"I see big brown eyes." James smiles.

"What did you do?" She lowers her arm slowly with a confused expression.

"Nothing. You depleted your energy reserve. Don't look at the sun or anything that formulates energy that can be absorbed and I think you should remain normal. Keep the glasses just in case you feel a build up brewing. Otherwise, you can go bat your eyes at Malcolm again."

"What?" She felt embarrassed suddenly. 

Malcolm Brand steps into view of her eyes, "There they are. Bat away."

"Stop it." Elle laughs then pulls James into a hug.

James looks toward Malcolm, "Don't get jealous."

Brand merely rolls his eyes.

Breaking away Ruby snatches James by the arm and drags him down wind.

"Are you insane? What if you were wrong? She might have killed you."

"I wasn't wrong. I go by instinct."

"Still! Our survival here is pivotal on you. We lose you it's game over."

"You guys are used to survival in the wild. I'm used to a computer and a PS5"

He reclaims his arm. His life fiber jump suit didn't even have a wrinkle.

Ruby watched he and Xander return to the ship. Motherhood didn't suit her well.

Jack continued his mission around the Ganthorian spacecraft. He noticed in several areas the same moisture residue on the ground. Yet the ship itself was dry. Finally he decides to gather a sample of the soil into his hand and plant it in his shirt pocket. He hoped his shirt wouldn't hamper the testing of it. Yet, he wasn't prepared with anything sanitized.

Satisfied the craft was in pretty stellar shape over all he finished his jaunt. 

Reaching the staircase he found Malcolm and Ruby talking. Joining them at the last possible instant was Cameron Scott. He was still eating leftovers from the night before.

Ruby spots Jack returning and lowers her gaze. Both Mal and Cam noticed her reaction and weren't certain what to make of it. Normally Cameron might banter about the noises he heard last night that woke him from a sound sleep. Respect kept his mouth shut.

"Ship's big!" Jack expels.

"Any signs of foot travel?" Malcolm asks.

Jack frowns opting to peer up at the sun, "Just my own. I did discover something strange though. Two sections of the ship had damp undersides where the ship buried itself on impact. No real sign of water just a weird residue. Nothing radioactive, I checked. I brought a sample for the kid. Maybe he can figure out what's causing it."

"Are you still hiking out to the horizon where we saw that light?" Ruby finally breaks silence.

"Soon as I gear up better. Drop off this sample and fill my canteen."

"Bottled water's running low already. We need to ration better." Cameron notes.

"Might be my new body chemistry can survive without water longer than usual. I'll just take one bottle."

"Take a walky talky. We need to stay in touch at all times." Ruby offers advice.

"Planned on it. You still going along?" Jack knew her answer.

"No. I need to baby--watch over James. He's taking too many risks of late. One of the guys can go along if they like." Ruby invites.

Jack steps back, "No. I say Malcolm and Cameron scout out a few of these older ships and planes. Might be something useful we can salvage. I'll be okay on my own."

The men agree nodding as Jack reads Ruby further. Her gaze left him troubled. Still he didn't let on. Moving between them he heads up the gravity ramp and locates James with his soil sample.

James accepted it greedily and went to work examining it.

Jack let him be and went to their makeshift storage area. There he snatched up a few extra clips for his guns, a hunting knife, his trusty Geiger counter, a flashlight, and a useable walky talky. A single bottle of water and beef jerky for the road.

On his way out Ruby stops his decent down the ramp with a hand to his chest halting him in step.

"Regardless of last night. Please be careful out there. We need you Jack. I need you."

He pauses to nod softly then moves past her. He knew that. 

With no verbal response Ruby bit her lip and sighed.

Jack stopped ten feet from the ramp and glared back. Gaze lowered he heads out into the wasteland.

He surmised a ten mile walk would clear his head.

Silence was Jack's best friend.