 Malcolm and Cameron headed in another direction from Jack's locale.

They had their eye on and old wooden ship covered by a dune of sand. Only the hood ornament as Cameron called it was sticking up enough to reveal it's location. The neck had a carved Dragon exterior. Along with guns they carried a large nap sack and their favorite shovels. Malcolm seemed more prepared than Cam. He liked to be ready for anything.

The trek was over two miles away and the lifelessness of the area felt intimidating by itself. Almost as if something could spring out at any second. Their usual banter was withheld out of security. If and only if there was life of any kind they didn't want to alarm it by their goofing off. Reaching the site they stopped on the outer rim of the dune and admired the ship that was revealed. The backside of it had less sand so they chose to start there.

With a whisper Cameron opts to say, "What era do you think we're looking at here?"

"Dunno. Doesn't look Viking from what little I know. I'm no history buff that's for sure."

Nodding to each other they discover toppled rigs for sails. The clothe of any sails long decayed and blown away. 

Malcolm uses his boot to discard sand from the timber and spots carvings in it. He points down for Cameron to garner a look. The pilot then crouches down for a closer look. It resembled Chinese but he wasn't certain.

"Mandarin?" He guesses.

Shrugging Malcolm uses a pen and tiny notepad he had in his back pocket to draw the markings as best as he could. He would let James look it over and make a confirmation of what it might say.

Moving on they shovel out a section that would allow them entry into the ship's galley. It took them over an hour to sift away enough to feel safe about going in. Once satisfied they would be secure enough Cameron takes the first risk and lowers himself slowly using a thick wooden beam to hug his way into the depth of the galley. Thankfully it wasn't rotted.

Malcolm stayed topside just in case a rescue was needed.

Dark and dry within, Cam flickered a flashlight around and found dozens of skeletons. The denizens were chained together and likely died together. He lifted the tiny crucifix around his neck and kissed it as a prayer to the dead. Not to mention his own salvation.

One body attracted his attention due to the armor left behind on the skeletal remains. He chose to remove the chest plate and chainmail tossing it up to Malcolm to inspect. Cam then continued his search. A sword was found that had been sheathed for ages. He attempts to remove the blade and finds it surprisingly well preserved. The hilt was ornate with a Dragon inlay wrapping the handle. He would keep this for himself he puckered.

A bag of coins was also confiscated. They too were well preserved. Hardly any tarnish. The bag itself made of leather was severely rotted though. He just stuffed it carefully into his pants pocket for safe keeping.

Locating a large well designed storage chest he rubbed his hands together and thought, "Treasure here I come." 

A simple boot kick disabled the rotted lock open. Slowly lifting it he discovers a sizeable hard bound book. Gold hinges kept the pages intact. The paper seemed different than the average. It was in good shape. though locked closed, he couldn't immediately examine its content. He would wait, stuffing it into his small back pack for safe keeping.

Outside of those objects all that was really left was a rack of spears that were crumbling. He did procure one of the blades tossing everything back up to Malcolm to look over. Before climbing back up the plank he catches a glint out of the corner of his eye that halts his ascent. 

Behind a decaying wall he discovers a gold amulet with a large Ruby embedded within it.

"Well hello beautiful." He whispers. 

As if reacting to his words the dusty Ruby seemed to sparkle more. He really didn't notice that fact. Dangling it in front of his face from its tarnished chain he frowns.

"Now why aren't you in some treasure chest? You look too damn expensive to be hidden inside a wall." He gives up with a puzzled look and bags it up. Finders keepers he thought.

Convinced there was nothing more in the galley he climbs back up. Malcolm's hand met his for the final extraction.

"Not much of a haul. I figured there would be more. Something useful." Mal looks down at their bagged collection.

"Book might be special. If the Kid can decipher it."

"We should have grabbed one of those Lingo collars that lets us speak any language we run across."

"Next time we'll be smarter. We were in a rush to get exploring." Cam shrugs.

Cam pulls his back pack off his shoulder and opens it. He then lifts the Necklace out for Malcolm to view.

"Daaaamn! That's downright sexy." Malcolm looks it over noticing tiny engravings all around the gems golden setting.

"This ship has to be ancient."

Cam agrees, "Yep. Only thing is it might have landed here a year ago. No way of knowing what this Time Travel crap steals."

"Do we even know for sure it's Time Travel? Might just be another dimension we fell into." Mal points out.

"Might be both. Look around. I see tugboats from the 1930's. That bomber over there is easily WW2. Over there looks like some Victorian era Carriage. No sign of horse bones though."

They load up and decide to examine the carriage as it was the closest. Inside the well preserved carriage was a woman's dress complete with petticoat and a man's top hat.

The dress was ripped to shreds by claw marks.

Looking at the hat they discover a name written on the interior brim.

"Sir Carrington Primross. Sound's British maybe. I wonder who she was?" Malcolm fidgets.

Cam carefully raises the dress up to examine it better, "I'm more worried about those claw marks. Looks like someone took a dozen knives to her. Yet there's no blood stains." 

The hackles on the back of their necks grew uneasy.

"Not sure I wanna know." Malcolm shivers.

"Claw marks on the seats too. Up on the carriage ceiling." Cam indicates with an index finger.

"Baggage carrier in back. Let's see if it's hiding anything." Malcolm nudges.

Prying it open the lid rose up to reveal luggage. A Victorian trunk embossed with brass was pulled free and dropped to the sand below. More luggage followed. Once everything was in the open they snapped the seals to examine the contents.

"Women's clothing. These look pretty well preserved. You think Ruby or Elle might like these?" Mal huffs.

With a chuckle Cameron quips, "Sure. They can wear them to the next Cotillion we throw. Can't hurt to take them back for shits and wiggles."

Crouching Malcolm finds a small dowry with a hard bound diary within it.

"Sabbath Black was her moniker. Crazy name. Wonder if she knew Ozzy and the boys?" Cam grins at her namesake being similar to the band, "Black Sabbath".

"Photo locket. She was pretty fine looking. The other lady must be her sister. Or, her lover." Malcolm reveals the tiny black and white photos to Cam.

After a brief admiration they return to pilfering amongst clothing and into the man's bags.

"Woohoo! Carrington was a stage Magician. Look at all these tricks. We got playing cards. Poker night Buddy." Cam jests.

Mal smirks then looks over at his left peripheral. Something moved yet he couldn't quite detect what it was. Possibly nerves he thought. There were no footprints anywhere nor anything alive in sight. Finally, he shakes it off. 

"Let's head back to the ship. Eerie out here." 

Cam nods placing Carrington's top hat on his head to replace his tucked away ball cap. He wanted to look proper. Gathering things up they moved out. 

Mal still had the feeling something wasn't right.



Back at the ship Ruby Goddard hovered over James Ian as he tested the damp soil samples in his makeshift laboratory. Chemical analysis was prepping the results.

"Whoa! Looks like we have a natural spring under our ship. No foreign chemicals that make it bad. Our home might have corked it when it landed." James flared his eyes at the possibility.

Ruby less convinced narrowed her own eyes, "Or, the hull was damaged when it crashed and leaked out any reservoir it might have contained. We've only explored what 2 percent of this burg?"

"True. I've looked over the ship's schematics after--" He hesitates mentioning the cloning banks due to his promise to Jack. Instead he plays it off.

"After what?" Ruby raises a brow.

"After I did surgery on Jack. Sorry, I was just thinking of the possibilities we might have. I say we look at our interior belly and see what damage is there. Who knows we might have an indoor swimming pool."

Ruby jumps at the chance, "Let's go James. I need a bath something fierce. I'm running out of perfume."

James obtains his computer pad and follows her. At the door they are joined by Elle whom they fill in before James takes the lead. This adventure required unhinging a broken elevator and carefully crawling down three levels to the bottom. Dark and dirty the flashlights lit up.

"Too bad I'm not fueled up. I could light up my arm maybe and save our batteries." Elle Franklin poised her diamond hand in front of her becoming more accustomed to it.

"Another time. Everyone be cautious. No idea what's down here in the basement."

Pistol unsheathed for safety Ruby led the way.

"I hear dripping noises." James acknowledges. "No dangerous chemical warnings, we should be safe. If that changes my pad here will ping an alarm."

Reaching the lower compartments they quickly realize they were flooded. James stops everyone quickly.

"Even with the power core depleted there might be enough current to fry us. Stay away from the pool."

"You sure? This place seems awfully dead. How many years has this rig been crashed here?" Elle winces.

James concentrates on the scene before him yet replies, "Since at least 1965, 66. It could have crashed a month ago for all we know. Time travel isn't a set course." 

"Let's just presume it's been setting idle for years. Where is the water coming from?" 

Ruby shines her light the full length of the room they were in. It was easily the size of an Olympic sized swimming pool. Only with debris inhabiting it's depths.

Elle steps in behind Ruby and carefully nudges her aside, "I'll take the risk."

Removing her boots and pants Elle stands in her thong and tank top. As she undressed James couldn't help but stare. That is until Ruby covered his eyes with her hands.

"Awww, Man!" He exhales.

"Too young to be eying the goods." Ruby mutters.

"Too old to worry about things like this." Elle groans, "Not many clothes left from our crash. I'm conserving the best I can."

Elle then tiptoes into the water. Nothing. Just a cool refreshing feeling.

"I don't feel any electricity. I'm going under to see where our damage is."

At waist deep Elle sprawls out and submerges. Sadly, even Ruby had to admire the woman's shapeliness. That and the diamond formations leading from her neck down her spine. Once under water Ruby uncovers the boys eyes.

"Did you happen to notice the water doesn't appear stagnant? Almost like it's recent." Ruby points out.

James kneels down with a test tube and captures the water within it. Before corking it he sniffs the vial.

"Water doesn't have an odor and it certainly seems clear. Considering the age of the pool." He holds it close to the flashlight for a better look. 

"Clear? As in fresh?" Ruby eyeballs the be closely.

Both of them express a fear of dread suddenly as turbulence in the water directs their gaze toward the pool. Bubbles rose like a froth of head on a beer. Moments later Elle bursts forth and finds her footing. She had thin scratches on her fleshly arm. In a huff she trudges out of the water to join them.

"Something alive down there attacked me. What I could see it looked like a woman. She was caught off guard by me. Panicked I think, scratching me. Arm felt numb after but I think my healing factor neutralized whatever she did."

James expresses a glint of realization. In a mad rush he darts away from them. Ruby made certain Elle was alright then raced after him. Once up on their main deck she caught up with James who entered a section of the ship she herself hadn't been to as of yet.

"Where are you going?" She growls in the blackness. Her flashlight barely kept up. How was he seeing in such darkness?

Finally locating him she enters the cloning banks and discovers James standing beside a tube of liquid. His arms were folded and he tapped his foot on the floor awaiting something to happen.

"James?" Ruby whispers with a haunted look.

"Wait for it." He insists.

Suddenly the base of the tube hushed wide and the former occupant returned. Slithering up into the tube backwards the clone hybrid failed to see them watching. Once inside the tube the floor hatch sealed back into place. 

James knocked on the tube while Ruby reached for her gun just in case.

Hearing the rap of his knuckles the clone turns to face them. Stress took over the cloned woman's reaction.

Ruby points her gun at the tube.

"You knew about this?"

James shrank in stature, "Kind of. Don't tell Jack I told you. He said it was better to just leave her. We thought she was hibernating. One less concern for us at the time."

"Obviously she was playing possum." Ruby raised a brow.

The red skinned female was trying to speak but the tube muted her words. She didn't appear threatening more fearful of her life.

"Reading lips." James squints, "I don't speak Porpoise. I need the linguistics collar. Hang on."

Closing his eyes he mentally calls for his dog Xander. In less than ten minutes the dog sniffs his way to their side. Kneeling down James removes the collar and places it around his own throat. He then touches his hand on the tubes glass directly over the poised hand of the cloned woman.

"Don't be afraid we won't hurt you. As long as you don't try to hurt us. Do you understand?"

The woman's eyes bulge at hearing her language filter out into modern English. Then, switching over to Ganthorian. Then, the near decipherable Porpoise.

"How do you do this?" She speaks, her voice vibrations alone piercing the glass tube enough to translate.

James glances at Ruby, "What do you know? The collar picks up lip reading. Carries my words in to her. Cool."

"What's she saying?" Ruby winces.

"Nothing yet. Asking how I speak so many languages." He holds a finger up toward Ruby.

Continuing, "The collar on my neck lets me speak many languages. It was created by your people the Ganthorian's. You were faking being asleep when Jack and I found you before. I understand why. Fear of us. We're friendly though. As long as you are. My name is James. This is Ruby. Do we call you "X'Hal or Micah?"

Ruby frowns, "Really? You even know her name?"

"Sorry. Let me talk okay?" He grunts.

The cloned woman tilts her head as if remembering.

"I am "Animahni."

"Animahni? Oh, right Anemone. Another DNA trait. Do you remember X'Hal? Or, Micah Kinolan?"

"Yes. We are all here together. As is "Epsilon".

"Epsilon? The name of the Porpoise?" He wonders aloud.

"Yes. How did you find us? Where is Science Officer "Boz'Hal"?"

"Your Father? I'm afraid he perished in the crash landing here. We crashed also and survived. Together we found a way into this ship. How did you survive alone here?"

"I do not know. I am." She saddens thinking of her Father.

"We are sorry for your loss. I'm certain "Boz'Hal was a good man."

"What of "Melissa Kinolan?" Animahni invites Micah's presence.

"Melissa? Is that Micah's Mom? Sister?" James needed clarification.

"Sister." She offers.

"I don't know. I only know what records the Ganthorian's left here for us. I discovered your names as DNA being used to hybridize you. I wasn't even aware that "Boz'Hal" allowed you to retain memories. I'm glad he did. I do know Micah's real body was left alive in Australia. X'hal's body I do not know. I presume "Boz'Hal" might have left her on his home planet."

Ruby clears her throat as she claims the collar from the neck of James, placing it on herself.

"Animahni, correct?"

The clone nods affirmation.

"Like James here said. We mean you no harm. If you can promise the same you can join us. There is no need for fear or isolation here."

Hesitation persists as Animahni floats there lifelessly without expression.

"Part of you is Human like us. James tells us the Ganthorian's were a peaceful bunch. Let's keep peace and become friends. Alright with you?"

"Yes. Is the other one of you okay? I hurt her accidently. My fingertips inject a venom that paralyzes. A defense mechanism."

James is prompted to add, "Anemone does that. Sea creature."

"I'm not that dumb James. I know what an Anemone is."

As he shrinks back behind her shyly, Animahni actually giggles releasing a breath of air bubbles.

"Sense of humor. I like that." Ruby smirks then changes the subject, "The tube you've been swimming in there releases you into a below deck pool. The water is fresh. How is that possible?"

"I have been digging beneath the "Drax'Al", the name of My Father's ship. It's underside is fractured and the soil below it allowed me to sense water deep below us. My digging has been over the course of years, little by little. There is an underground ocean miles below. It took me years to reach it. I had nothing else to do."

"You have no idea how glad we are to see water. This desert is unforgiving."

"I have not seen the outside world. Only what is below."

Ruby turns to James, "Can she only survive under water?"

"I think she is amphibious." he relates.

"Animahni? Can you breath open air? Or, just under water?" Ruby questions.

"I have not tried. I was born of water. It is all I know."

"How is that possible? You said you have been digging for years. Before there was water the underside of the ship was dry correct?"

"Yes. I used this habitat tube system to live in. When I dug I wore a helmet that contained water until I flooded it enough to go without."

"Yet to possess that helmet you must have tasted air in between."

"Below my tube is a aquarium of specialized liquid. A helmet beside the airlock as you would call it."

"What did you do with all of the sediment?" Ruby puzzles.

"There are caves below us also. I discarded the dirt within them. It was not easy. I am strong. When you have nothing to lose you do what is necessary."

"Sounds impossible singlehandedly."

James interjects, "She's been here since 1966. Almost sixty years."

"I do not think I age." Animahni points out.

"Still. We are going to leave you alone. Let the trust build itself. Jack was probably right in his thinking. Just know we're all friends here. If you want to try breathing air and join us you are welcome to. Okay?"

Animahni nods and relaxes as they turn away. For now this revelation was enough.

As Ruby leads James and Xander away, Ruby removes the collar to hide her language.

"Not sure I trust her just yet. Monitor her anyway you have access to. If she proves herself I'll greet her personally. If not, we do what's necessary to keep our people safe."

"There goes your bath." James chuckles.

"Don't remind me. God I reek."

"You could always share the tub with Animahni."

"Not yet. Stop with the dirty mind Kid."

"What?" He blushes and lowers his head.

"Uh-huh!"

Ruby knew better.