 The spacecraft was visible in the distance. It's enormous size was like seeing a mountain range far away yet was quite closer than imagined.

At the sight of it Greta Winston halted her horse "Quiver".

"What in tarnation is that? Is that a town?"

Jack sprinted back to her, peering up.

"Don't be scared. It's a safe place." He had to think about that for a second before continuing. They had not explored the interior fully to make that judgment.

Her eyes showed fear and hesitance, "I don't know Jack. It feels wrong."

"It did to us at first too. The technology in that place goes beyond anything I ever knew could exist. We've been alright so far. As a matter of fact that place saved my life." 

He lifts his arm for her to observe, "When we crashed here I lost this arm. Almost died. One of our other survivors is a boy named James. He's really smart. He figured out how to keep me alive and attach my arm good as new."

She expresses doubt in his story, "Far fetched sounds to me."

"I'm not lying to you Greta. You will learn to trust me. All of us. Believe me, please."

His gaze softened her spirit, "I want to Jack."

He reaches over and pats Quiver on the neck and shoulder. With a wink he turns away and leads them further on. Mid way he breaks out his walkie talkie and opens the channel, "You out there Ruby?"

It only took two seconds for a reply, "I'm here Jack. How did it go?"

Jack chuckles, "Well? You recall that old saying about "When the cows come home?" They're on their way."

"Cows? What?"

"We've got a new friend too. Cowgirl by the name of Greta Winston. We need to show her friendship Ruby. She's scared."

"Absolutely! Are you saying she has cows?" Ruby sounded excited.

"Twelve head and a calf named "Patsy". Tell James we might need to utilize those defense drones he's been talking about and turn them into a corral for the herd."

"On it. How far out are you?"

"Two miles maybe. Binoculars west you might see us."

"I'll look. Let me get busy here. See you soon."

Ruby hangs up as Greta rides up closer to him.

"Was that a woman's voice? What kind of telegraph is that?"

He raises it to show her, "Military issue walkie talkie. Future tech I told you about. It can call out and you can talk to somebody on the other end."

Her eyes bulge, "Can it call Kansas?"

"Not that far unfortunately. I had to get closer to home before I could use it. This place messes with our communications. I arranged our welcome. Ruby will get us a makeshift corral built for the cows."

"Ruby? That your wife?"

He had to lower his gaze and smirk, "Not even close. Good woman though. Colonel Ruby Goddard. Military. I'm a Colonel too?"

"Which cavalry?" Greta smiles.

"U.S. Army. Navy Seal training though."

"In the future right?" She smirks.

"2019. I'll give you a history lesson once we get back and settled in. After the cows are safe you can rest up safely. Without fear of any animal attacks."

"Sounds nice. I could use a bath too."

He grits his teeth, "We'll need to work on that. Water's been a problem like I said earlier."

She looks sad, "Fancy town like that and no well?"

"Maybe. Might need work though before any bubble baths."

"Never had bubbles before. Too poor for that stuff from France and all."

"I'm sure. The place needs work but it's home for now. Safe from the elements and any wild beasts."

"Are you a wild beast Jack?" She flirts and nudges him with her boot toe.

"Can be." He shakes his head.

"I'll make sure I keep my eye on ya then." She sighs heavily bordering on a laugh.

"Worry more about survival right now, okay? All of us need to. After we get settled I'm going to call a meeting and decide on our best moves. Feeding these cows comes first. Housekeeping second."

"I wash a mean kettle. You the boss of this outfit?""

"Something like that." He hisses, "Even though technically Ruby shares the same rank with me."

"Never heard of no lady in the Cavalry before."

"2019. Things change Greta. Let's move these gals faster. It's getting dusk."

At the Ganthorian craft Ruby hustles about. James is awakened and forced to get busy with Jack's request. He had just laid down and was whiney. Until he heard the term "Cows". 

"Hamburgers! Heck yeah!"

Ruby frowns, "Don't you even say that in front of Jack's new friend. Let's make her welcome."

"Yes Mom. Oops! Sorry!"

She hated hearing that.

"Defense drones. Jack says make them into a corral somehow."

"Easy enough. They've been solar collecting a few days now. Should be ready enough to create a static curtain from 20 feet up to the ground."

She nods her approval, "How the hell do we feed these things? Might be we can pump water from the basement out to them."

"I've been looking over what this ship has as far as seeds. Lot's of alien varieties but until I read up on each one I'm afraid to produce any veggies or even hay."

"Step at a time. Get those drones. Jack will be here in an hour tops. Let's at least have the stable ready."

"No hurry. Once the cows get here the drones can move around them and create the pen. Simple." James says offering his dog Xander some jerky and bottled water in a beaker.

Ruby grunts at his slow movement. Taking his word on how easy it would be she steps away and locates Cameron Scott and Malcolm Brand. They were playing "Spades".

"Head's up Guys. Jacks bringing home guests. I need you guys to follow me into one of the labs and bring out a couple vats that we can use for water."

"Bath tubs?" Cam grins with a hopeful glint in his eye.

"Not for us. We can do that later. This is for Jack's new friends."

"Everyone has new friends but us. Sophia has her Zen parasites and Jack has who knows who." Malcolm shakes his head.

"MOVE! We're running out of time."

Elle enters the room and wonders what the hurry was about. 

"I need you to locate hoses we can use to pump water from the basement outside. Jack's bringing home a herd of cattle."

"Cattle?" Elle is shocked.

"You heard right. Get busy." Ruby then moves from the room to obtain a pair of binoculars before heading outside and gazing West. The sight made her feel daunted. Then, she spotted Greta Winston on the horse. 

"Great! Another redhead. Dammit Jack."

In a huff she raced back up the ships ramp to assist Malcolm and Cameron.

By the hour needed to prepare they had muscled three separate tanks out of the lab that they salvaged. Empty and tested by James for safe use. 

Deciding on where to locate the herd for convenience they set up. Elle had gathered enough hose lines to piece together a length that barely made the tanks.

Once the hoses connected Ruby ran them down the stairs and into the water. James with the help of Sophia set up a pump that they could drain off the pool and outdoors. The three of them felt uneasy in the darkness. 

"Starting this pump will drain more power. You guys keep tossing things at me so much I haven't had a chance to work on restoring power." James shrugs.

Sophia stares into the shadows, "You didn't tell me we had a pool. By the way we're being watched."

Ruby shines her flashlight toward Sophia's eye sight. Something big submerged quickly to avoid being seen.

"Everyone upstairs. That was too big to be Animahni."

"Anna who?" Sophia turns in step.

Again, Ruby grits her teeth, "Long story. Alien clone. She's friendly so far."

"When were you going to tell me?" Sophia rolls her eyes.

"You've been too busy with those new friends of yours. Start spending more time with the rest of us."

A dull glow erupts behind Ruby startling her. She quickly discovers it to be the astral body of Sophia's mother Madigan Ridge.

"We have been reacquainting I thank you very much, Colonel Goddard."

"Guys? I mean Ladies. I see a dorsal fin. A big dorsal fin." stutters James Ian.

Ruby bellows, "OUT! NOW!"

As Ruby and James vacate Ruby looks back to see Sophia staying behind. Madigan floating beside her.

"Sophia! Come on."

The girl's body gently glows as she awaits the fin to approach the shallows.

"I got this. Get James to safety."

Ruby knew the girls new body was adaptive to any environment. Madigan couldn't be touched due to her ghostlike form. She bit her lip and forced James upstairs.

At the edge of the pool Sophia stood her ground. 

"Fish fry! Come to Momma." Sophia's parasitic friends were hungry. Madigan could only watch with an expression of fear for her daughter.

At the edge of the flooded room a massive body stood up towering over her. Sophia smirked. She wasn't even frightened as she should be.

"Shark, huh? Tail of a scorpion. What else you got JabberJaws?"

"Sophia? Do not taunt this creature."

"He senses what I can do to him. That's why he's hesitating."

The beast poises in a menacing stance and lashes out with it's stinger. The tip stabs Sophia but doesn't even penetrate her skin. Before it could retract it's tail she grabs it and feeds. The stinger dissolves into her flesh with an acidic hiss. As the tail separates the beast pulls away into deeper water and vanishes.

"Appetizer at best. Enough to keep the boys from getting hunger pains though. I'll stand guard over this pump Mom. You can go see what's going on up above."

"I'm not leaving you."

"Seriously? We've been together every second since you came back to---well sort of came back to life. I love you Mom but there is such a thing as babying me. Not liking it."

"If you insist. I will leave you alone. Please be careful." 

Madigan Ridge phases through the ceiling and disappears.

As she finds herself alone Sophia rubs her belly, "Time to go fishing Fellas."

Wading into the pool she dives in. Her new body having no reason to officially breath she swims into the bowels of the center and discovers a massive hole in the ships structure. Darkness beyond.

Sophia was on a mission.

As the sun eased low Jack and Greta arrived. They were met by Malcolm, Cameron, and Elle who had donned a hoodie to mask her arm for now. They were amazed as the cows surrounded them.

"Now this is a sight to behold." Cameron spreads his arms.

"Keep your stomach in check." Elle grumbles as she lowers her obsidian glasses.

Ruby and James traipsed down the ramp into the sand carrying four grapefruit sized metal orbs. 

As Jack jogs up to them Ruby wanted to give him a hug but instead chose a worried expression.

"You get the cows into formation I'll release the drones and pen them in." James tells Jack.

Greta Winston on her horse eyes the bunch with awe and a tad bit of intimidation. She responds to Jack motioning her to guide the cows to a designated area of desert next to the ship. Ruby set out behind Jack to help in urging the herd. Even Xander the German Shepard chose to nip at their heels. James could only laugh at his pet. He needed the exercise.

Once centered James races about and activates an orb at four corners allowing it to activate levitating skyward by 20 feet. Once the orbs were in place he utilizes his keyboard pad to create a static curtain that glowed a dull red in the growing nightfall. 

The cows immediately located the vats of water and quenched their thirsts.

Greta cautiously rides up to Jack and his group. Her awe was in the fencing of light.

"2019 you say?" Greta winces trying to grasp it all. Between the fence that sizzled faintly in the air and the colossal starship she nearly crapped her pants.

Jack steps over to Greta's side and offers her a hand down from her horse. She declines and dismounts on her own. Jack respected her independence.

"Everyone?" He called out, "This is Greta Winston. From Kansas. 1873 I believe."

Cameron rushes around Ruby who had started to offer a hand. His own hand snatched up Greta's.

"It's a pleasure to meet you Greta. My name's Cameron Scott. You can call me Cam." He swiftly removed his ball cap in a respectful gesture.

Blushing Greta said nothing and looked toward Jack.

"Just kick him in the balls already." Jack chuckled.

Ruby quickly nudged the pilot aside and shook the newcomers hand, "Welcome Greta. I'm Ruby. Our home is your home."

"Thank you. I think. This is all a mite hard to swallow."

"I can imagine so." Ruby points at the others, "Over there is Eleanor Franklin aka Elle. Beside her is Malcolm Brand."

Greta whispers toward Ruby, "Was he a slave?"

Malcolm groans at overhearing her. Cameron busted a gut laughing. Then the two wrestled playfully.

"No Greta. Slavery was a long time ago. It was abolished." Ruby smiles.

"Abolished? I know President Abraham Lincoln ended it in 1865. 8 years back." The woman winces.

There was no point in talking more about the subject. Before Ruby could answer James and Xander stepped up. Xander immediately licked her hand forcing the woman to crouch and pet the dog.

"Aww! Ain't you a sweetheart." A face full of licks added spice.

"I'm James. That's Xander. He's mine."

"Well Howdy James. You too Xander. Up there's my best friend Quiver. He might need to go inside your corral there too."

Elle moves in with a warm smile and claims the horses rein and softly walks it away. James uses his keypad quickly to open a narrow stretch of fence to allow them through. Once inside Elle returns and the fence seals up.

"I bet you two are exhausted. Let's find you a room to rest in. Get you some food and water."

At the mention of water Jack looks over at the hoses and filling troughs, "What am I missing here?"

"Basement's flooded. We improvised." Ruby squints to let him know they needed to talk.

Cameron starts to offer his assistance when Elle grabs him by the shirt. Dragging him back she moves in to cradle Greta by the arm.

"I'll help you get settled in. Don't be afraid."

"Are you blind?" Greta fidgets at her glasses considering the darkness.

"No. I just see better in the dark. We can talk about that inside. Ask me anything you want I'll answer with honesty."

The two walk past Cam and Malcolm. Cam grumbles, "Why do I always get cock blocked?"

"Too soon Brother." Malcolm pats the pilots shoulder.

Ruby guides Jack aside, along with James.

"Your clone friend was awake. We discovered her in the basement swimming pool."

Jack eyes James who sulks, "I didn't tell her. She discovered the girl in the water. Her and Elle."

"Stop with the secrets Colonel Ramse. We all live here now. At any rate she's quite intelligent. I used the language collar to decipher what she was saying. Her is Animahni. She attacked Elle in the pool out of defense but apologized. Sort of. She mentioned that she's been digging beneath the ship for years now. Supposedly she can sense water and found underground caverns. There's an ocean below us. Deep down twenty miles at best. I'm not certain I believe her. She's obviously not alone either. When we were setting up the pump system a big fin circled the pool. Sophia's down there guarding the pump."

Jack shakes his head, "Alone?"

"Maddy is with her." Ruby finishes.

"I was!" Maddy floats in the air toward them. She had waited until Greta was inside so as not to frighten her.

"The fin was a humanlike shark. It also has a tail like a scorpion does. It attacked Sophia and she ate it's tail. The creature panicked and escaped. Most likely in pain."

The group stood in awe.

"Sounds like I need a chat with this Animahni." Jack barges away. 

The others followed at a pace. Ruby was turned on by his take charge attitude. James tried not to look at Maddy's nudity. It gave him the chills.

Madigan felt very alone suddenly. 

She would observe the cows for now.

Magnificent creatures.