 After a good nights rest for some, it was back to business.

Jack and Elle were studying the large solar panel covers on the interior that were powerless to open. The ship still produced a tiny amount of energy but not enough to accommodate larger functions. These doors were all over but sealed shut. They could easily radiate the entire craft if all were opened. The residents only needed enough light and power storage to give them better living conditions. 

"They look heavy Jack." Elle shakes her head.

"That they do. Even with our combined strength we might not budge these. Maddy was up here with me before you woke up. I sent her to bring Sophia. I'm thinking she's got more muscle than all of us combined."

"Which scares the heck out of me. Loose cannon in the form of a loose young lady."

"Now, now! She's barely an adult. We were her age once. Our hormones got the best of us too." Jack defends.

"Says you. I was a good Church going girl. My Momma raised me right."

Jack frowns toward her awaiting a reaction.

"Lost my virginity at 15. Damn you Jack." Elle hisses rolling her diamond faceted eyes.

"17 here. Three girls in one night." He brags chuckling.

"Whatever. Ego much?"

"Just the truth. Anyways! Here comes James. Tone down the sex talk."

As James reaches them Ruby Goddard trails behind him yawning. Once the two congregate with the others James gives them the news.

"Two things. Dorsey killed the crew. There was a surviving Ganthorian female. She escaped in the pod. No idea where she went. Narrowing down her GPS is pointless in this atmosphere. The EMP in the location won't let anything electrical get very far. Too be honest I'm surprised my Drone's fly. Something about their tech I can't quite narrow down."

Ruby and Jack process the info. 

"Could that beacon outside be Her calling out?" Ruby questions.

James shrugs, "Not sure. We can go topside later with a collar and decipher what we can. But, again I'm not sure how that communication signal is even possible. Working on that."

As Jack sizes up the nature of their work ahead he motions them to go on out, "Point out our stress points then go on up."

James pulls up the interior designs and explains where the panels could be manageable. 

"Ceilings high. How are we going to get enough leverage to move these?" Elle points out.

"Start cutting a seam with those big beautiful orbs Elle." Jack grins.

Elle beams as she hints at a germ of an idea, "How about I just weld them until they drop to the floor? Small sheets of metal at a time."

"Sound idea. Let's give that a shot. We can carry the panels out of our way as they fall."

James holds a hand up, "Don't cut too deep or you might damage the solar panels."

"Never done this before so we get what we get." Elle expresses her hesitance.

Up from the floor beside them Maddy Ridge returns.

"Sophia is on her way. She is in a good mood."

James struggles to not look at her astral nudity but fails until Ruby covers his eyes.

"We have GOT to cover these girls some how."

"If I could I would Colonel Goddard." Maddy groans.

"I know it can't be helped Maddy. I meant that for James ears."

"How do I cloak a ghost with no body? Sophia I might be able to manage. At least her pets allow her short periods to dress up." He coughs blinded by fingers over his vision.

"Not even. I told you I don't want to wear anything. Ogle me all you want. Jerk off in a corner I don't care. In front of me even. I'm sexy. I'm Hot. I'm aware of what I exude. Live with it."

They all turn to face the arrival of Sophia. She was smiling regardless.

The group failed to join her glee.

"Worry about it later. Let's get busy." Jack barks.

Elle moves into position then channels her earlier absorption of sunlight. She had been up at the first rays of dawn staring up at Sol. Preparation suited her. In a stable stance she squints and expels micro thin laser beams from her pupils. The cuts were rigid. Even focused her balance was tedious. Still her very first section of panel creaked and dangled. At the precise moment that it teetered Sophia jumps up and yanks the metal down. Jack assisted her in moving it outside. 

As work progressed Ruby, James, and Xander in tow headed down the ramp behind Jack and Sophia. 

Outside stood Cameron Scott, Malcolm Brand, and Greta Winston. They were admiring the growth of their seeds just overnight. Before heading topside Ruby took time to communicate.

"Morning everyone."

Greta grins from ear to ear, "You see all this? Ain't never seen nothin' like it. Already got wheat ankle high. Another two days I bet its up to my backside."

"Alien grain grows faster than Earth germination. If all goes well we should be eating good for years to come." James looks proud of himself.

Ruby eyes Cam and Mal, "You two okay? Mal? You look flushed."

"Light fever I think. I don't really feel bad. I'll survive."

Cam motions Ruby aside, "Something I need to tell you. No secrets Chief."

"What's up?" She puts her hands in her back pockets.

"We have another survivor out here. A woman. I was out taking a leak and she came out of nowhere. Scared the pants off of me. Recall that locket Mal and I brought back? The woman is one of the two girls from the inside pictures. She got spooked and ran off."

"Wow! Okay, so we need to find her right?"

"On our way out. Mal and I decided last night to track her. Only one problem."

"What problem?"

"She didn't leave foot prints. It was like she ran on air."

Stunned Ruby flares her big green eyes, "Nothing surprises me. So, I guess just head the direction she ran off to. Don't be out after dark anymore. If she can sneak up on you anything can. On any of us."

"Gotcha. As far as Malcolm goes. I'll keep my eye on his condition. He says the food we brought from Eden might be disagreeing with him."

"Let James and Elle know if he needs medical."

"On it. Got our collars on too. Just in case we need any communication skills."

"Be safe. Walky talky if you need help. Signal flare if you're out of range."

"Yup."

Cam moves away and pats Mal on the bicep. The two take off with food, water, and weapons. 

Before Ruby led James off topside the boy opened a very thin space in the fence for Greta to squeeze through safely. This gave her time to spend with her horse. She fed the beast a hand full of already acquired carrots. The cows had already been treated to the early stages of grass within the pen. Life was off to a start.

The walk topside winded James. The climb up the ridge alone was more of a workout than he had done since he had been here. But, in his stress he still found time to admire Ruby's behind. Even if everyone's odor was becoming unbearable.

"Welcome to the roof." Ruby reaches the top on looking the hull.

"Wow! It seems so much bigger up here than looking at it from ground level." James admits.

"That antenna is over there. See it?" She points it out, "The magnetic circles over there."

As they step out on to the hull itself James felt uneasy. Behind them on the sandy hill Xander holds back whining. Hearing the dog both Ruby and James look back.

"What's wrong with the pup?" Ruby winces.

"I don't know."

"Aren't you telepathic with him?"

"Yea! But, he understands me. I don't necessarily know what German Shepard sounds like."

"You mean he doesn't speak German?" She elbows him trying to get a smile out of the boy.

"Not really. He was born in the Philippines. I know the joke was funny. He seemed agitated but it's not clear why."

"Well, he's looking the direction that Jack led the herd of cows from. Dunes are in the way of any clear view. Let's just choke it up to dog sensitivity for now." Ruby rubs the boys back.

Their journey continues reaching the antenna. It was vibrating just as Ruby had noted from her first visit. James took readings with his pad that confirmed no danger. 

"Definite radio waves." He fidgets while adjusting frequencies through the pad.

Squeezing the back of her neck Ruby suggests, "Can you up the audio? See if we can make contact. If nothing else we know where the Ganthorian female ran off to."

"Or, if there are any other ships in this time period." 

Ruby eyes James with a blank expression, "If there were wouldn't they have located this ship by now?"

"Probably. I'm not Ganthorian."

"But, we now speak Ganthorian." Ruby points and taps the collar around the boys throat. "It might even speak Canine."

He puckers with rolling lips, "True. If I can make contact with the female. IF she is still alive we could convince her to return and help us get this boat up to standards. Having a live Ganthorian helps me understand things better."

"Are they friendly aliens? I would think so if the American Government sent an Envoy along with them on their travels."

"Obviously that trust is broken. Dorsey killed the crew. This female might be hesitant to believe in us."

"All we can do is try. Besides, we already have a Ganthorian on our side." She hints.

"Animahni. True. Although a hybrid she does share memories of her real life. She might be able to convince our refugee that we're allies not enemies."

"Would her escape pod be able to return?"

"Still functioning signal makes it a possibility. The question is, where had she gone and is she capable of returning. Reading up on the pods they are short range touring devices. Meant to just save the life of its passengers."

"How many passengers does this pod hold?"

"Looks like seven. Like an Avengers Quinjet." James chuckles.

"I don't get it." 

"Man! None of you guys have ever read a comic book have you?"

"Betty and Veronica." Ruby smirks.

"Whatever!" James rolls his eyes.

"Send out an SOS. Let's see what we get back."

James returns to typing on his keypad tablet. Tapping into the signal frequency he motions Ruby to remain silent. He then cleared his throat.

"Is anybody out there? We're friendly if you are. All we want is to know we're not alone. Please contact us if you need a friend."

He creates a constant loop that repeats his message over and over. He then programs his tablet to let him know if a reply ever returns.

Ruby puts a lingering finger up before moving closer to the antenna and gripping it with both hands. She again hears a faint voice in her head.

"I hear the voice. Why can't it hear us?"

James nudges her aside after pocketing his pad. He too grips the antenna to listen closely.

"I hear it too. The collar is reading the language." He studies it before glaring at Ruby with a look of fear.

"Oh boy!"

"What is it?"

"That's not Ganthorian. It's another alien species."

"Friendly?"

"Not so much. Enemies of the Ganthorian's if I remember right. Hordakian's. If they're trapped here too they might be a future problem."

"Great! More trouble ahead. So, will they pick up on your message loop?"

"Yea! Should I cancel the call of friendship?"

Indecision creeps in, "Not yet. We risk it for now."

Nodding James lets go and clasps his hands together, "Want some good news?"

"Is there any?" She frowns.

"Of course. Jack is Captain America. Elle is Laser Lady. Sophia is indestructible. Maddy can phase through walls. I have a high IQ."

"While those are advantages how do those stack up to an Alien fleet who might come calling?"

He smirks, "We have our own Avengers team started. I just need to dig deeper into this Ganthorian tech and see what weapons we can utilize. Who knows I could turn you into Supergirl." He chuckles.

Shaking her head she hisses, "I like myself as is kid."

While they debate the need for more than they are already Xander's barking becomes more excessive.

"Something has him riled up. We better check it out." Ruby resorts.

"Right behind you Ruby."

Keeping pace James felt mischievous. Using his keypad as an x-ray machine he points it at Ruby's backside. With a devilish grin he calls upon it to erase her clothing. Smirking at his perverted intellect he witnesses her walking along naked from behind. 

Admiration ended fast as a loud noise from behind James distracted them away from Xander. Ruby turns quickly while James holds his pad facing her. Ignoring the sizzling noise in the air he captured her full frontal nudity. 

"Elle pierced the hull it looks like." Ruby surmises. 

"Looks like it. As long as the solar panels don't get too damaged." He looks guilty.

"Why are you aiming that gadget at me?"

"I'm not." He plays it off while changing programs, "Trying to get a read on the surrounding terrain." Of her gorgeous body he inwardly laughed. He was harmless just hormonal. His version of peeping tom was less obvious. Having a crush on Ruby wasn't helping.

"Let's head over the ridge there and see why Xander just ran off." She encourages.

Hearing of his dog running off James puts his pad away quickly. He couldn't survive without his pet. 

"COME HERE BOY!" He fret. 

No more barking made them both uneasy.

Their walk turned into a run.