 The group race to surround Elle and the limp Animahni. 

"She's not used to open air yet. The air below the ship is thicker. Fresh air is overwhelming her." Elle quickly reports then moves in to give her CPR. It takes only minutes to revive her. While breathing into her mouth Animahni gasps and feels Elle's lips on hers. As her eyes open she stares at Elle with a glint of pleasure. 

Jack interrupts with a growl, "She pointed toward the ship. Animahni? What were you trying to warn us about?" 

The woman's eyes tremble as realization returns. 

"It chased us from the depth's. A giant." 

Mal groans, "I'm not the only giant? Well the hell." 

"Oophalah held it off to give Tyrakuus and I a chance to escape and warn you. We must hurry." 

"Wait. If Oophalah was too large to come to the surface how is this giant getting up here?" Ruby points out. 

Animahni sits up and uses her hands in a stretching motion. 

James opts to question, "It stretches?" 

"Yes." Animahni attempts to rise while confused. 

James looks back at the dead dragon and connects the dots, "Did it look like that?" 

Animahni eyes the dragon, "Yes! Only smaller." 

"Hmmmm! One had rock hard skin and invisibility, Another has fire. This one has stretching ability." 

Ruby squints, "The point?" 

"The Fantastic Four." James whines almost smiling. 

Jack rolls his eyes, "Big help Kid. You and your Comic book references." 

"You knew I meant a comic. You knew." James laughs quickly then straightens up. Jack takes the lead, "Animahni, Elle, Sophia, Maddy, Cam. With me. We're heading down. James stays with Mal and Greta. Ruby? Your choice." 

The groups splinter and head into unknown territory. 

Ruby opts to stay by James. He was always under her protected custody. 

While everyone stood talking Greta Winston looks at her knuckles and bulges her eyes. Her fingers were missing. With a swift touch she found them intact. Somehow she was turning invisible herself. She quickly put her fingers in her pants pocket. Shock would keep her silent. With uncertainty she chose to go find her horse. 

Entering the bowels of the ship in darkness Sophia lit up her flesh to give everyone better vision. This conserved Elle's absorption of the sunlight for later. 

"Eyes on every angle." Jack ordered. 

Animahni raced back toward the water and dove in. She needed to find her hybrid friends. 

"Spread out. Be cautious. We don't know what to expect." Jack belts out while arming himself with his favored Glock's. 

Everyone cautiously divided the basements lengthy belly. Although a large area was water coming up from the depths, there were plenty of hiding places in the scattered debris of equipment. 

Only Madigan Ridge hovered where they first separated. She had no reason to move about when she was albeit useless except for distraction tactics. Being able to phase through living things created a cellular disturbance. Disorientation gave her friends at least a temporary breather.

Sophia herself while illuminated didn't wander too far in any direction. Her light was needed by everyone for safety. She was ready to fight at any rate. Her inner friends guided her senses to be on target should something attack. Thus far her newly absorbed friends were loyal toward their host. 

Elle had her own gun ready but had raided a stash of alien weaponry from the museum area a day before. James had pointed out certain weapons of potential use to her. Around her waist was a band of thin pinions that with a sensitivity touch of her good hand could extend into hydraulic spears. With some education she found them to react to their possessors finger prints. No other person could extend them but her. Having been a javelin thrower while back in college sports gave her an accurate edge. 

Jack kicks at debris hoping to force the lizard out into the open. Although a large area it could easily become congested should the beast enlarge. His nerves of steel couldn't wait to engage the enemy.

"See anything Jack?" Cam fanned about nervously with a machete in hand. 

"Not yet. Keep silent."

Sophia has a better idea, "Jack? My friends tell me to create a low level sound like dogs hear I think. It might flush it out."

"Allow me." Madigan drifts near her daughter. Jack had nothing to say.

A shrill noise barely emits through Madigan. A vibrational link between reality and the nether. Sure enough garbage to the left shifted abruptly. Forcing Jack and Cam side by side. 

"You brought a machete to a gunfight?"

Cam refuses to look away at Jack's observation. Instead fearing of an attack at just the moment he lost concentration.

"Why do more damage down here by bullet riddling everything?" The pilot chose to reply. Madigan inceases the decibal range and forces the beast out into the open. It was the wrong beast. Elle quickly jumps in to protect the inhabitant. Jack in turn held a hand over Cam's chest to stay back.

"What the hell is that?" Cam shivers.

"That's Animahni's friend Tyrakuus. He's a squid hybrid I'm thinking."

"That is one ugly dude."

Tyrakuus responds to Elle via touch. A tentilcle caresses her cheek forcing a mental image to explode inside Elle's mind. She witnesses an aquatic battle in the depths between He, and obviously Oophalah. Both severly wounded by the lizard on its way to the surface. The battle fierce Oophalah had managed to ward the beast back long enough to give he and Animahni a chance to reach the interior lagoon.

Breaking away from the induced images Elle nods at Tyrakuus and assists him to his bodily mass of tenticles. It was a messy sight to behold.

"The creature's here somewhere. Tyrakuus just tapped into my thoughts. Telepathically. I saw the battle below. I even saw Oophalah. He resembles a giant killer whale in humanoid form. An aquatic Dwayne Johnson. Only bigger. Lots bigger. Easily a real whales size."

"Elle? Get him to safety above. He looks injured pretty bad."

As Elle guides him toward the ramp something wraps around her leg and drags her from his grasp. Tyrakuus falling backwards under her loss. All Elle could get out was, "Son of a--" before she was dragged underwater.

Sophia took point diving in after them. Losing their light made Cam and Jack edgy. Resorting to flashlights it became harder to know what was going on. Firing blindly would be stupid. Diving into the darkness to assist even dumber.

"Cam? Take over for Elle. Get Tyrakuus here to safety."

"You're kidding. Fish is one thing. Octopi another."

"That's an order."

"Right. Doesn't mean I don't dislike the command."

Cam unnervingly settles next to Tyrakuus and groans. Then just as Elle had experienced Tyrakuus touches Cam on the arm sending images through him. Images of Oophalah being wounded as well. A fin bitten off in the battle. Then a moment of introduced euphoria.

"Whoa! Did you just drop some acid into my system? We might just become best friends." Tyrakuus unveils a cheesy grin amid swirling tenticles across his face.

While Cam escorted Tyrakuus topside Jack observed a lightshow battle beneath the water. It was easy to tell that both Sophia and Elle were laser tag teaming on the beast. Loud rumbles of soil caving in jolted the entire ship. 

"That can't be good."

Jack embraces for an arrival. Madigan poised next to him eerily. Below the surface the water reels about bubbling and frothing. 

Suddenly, Sophia comes flying out of the water crashing into storage containers along the furthest wall. Madigan swiftly moving over to ascertain the damage to her daughter. "Are you alright Piper Sophia?"

"Peachy Mom. Talk to you once I filet this bastard. Elle can't possibly hold her breath much longer."

Sophia Ridge charges past Jack, "Gotta rescue Elle before she drowns."

Jack grits his teeth at the dilemma then tosses his guns aside. They would be of no use underwater. Removing his shirt then boots, he grabs a piece of sharp metal and dives below to join in on the battle. This would be yet another test of his new body strength. How long could he hold his own breath?

The darkness of the depths opened up to him the longer he swam. His eyes compensating when they were lacking. For the first time he actually thanked the Weaver bug for his service.

In the turmoil of clouded water Jack caught sight of Sophia wrestling what appeared to be more of a giant Anaconda than any Komodo Dragon. It's body coiling around the waist of Elle Franklin. Attempting to assist her was Animahni. Obligated to rescue her after saving her own life she thought.

Sophia held on to it's neckline attempting to let her parasitic friends eat through it's toughened yet elastic hide. The beast's jaws clamping on to her leg. Luckily she was inpenetrable. So far anyway.

Moving in with his jagged metal Jack heads straight for the eyes trying to gouge one out. Each time the elasticity of it's body kept it from being punctured. Releasing Sophia's leg it turned it's attention on Jack. Snapping it's jaws with ferocity. Coaxing it up the beast dragged everyone along for the ride until they broke the surface. This gaze Elle the chance to catch her breath choking up water.

Jack stands when possible along the ships ledge and steps back goading the beast further out of the depths. On dry land they might have a better chance of defeating it. So he hoped. Turning his back to it he stormed after his guns on dry land. 

"Good job, Jack." Madigan swoops in to protect his stride. Confusing the beast that cannot bite the ghostly figure in his path. 

With it's mouth wide Jack rolls to fire both clips down it's throat. All this accomplished was a lot of hissing. Secondary reaction it rolls it's body like a gator and submerges Elle yet again. Curses heard all around.

Behind them a flashlight returns as Cam and Ruby enter the fray. Beside them was the German Shepard Xander which darted about keeping the lizard's attention. Drawing it further out of the water.

It's body changed shape from serpentine to more Komodo like. Legs now protruding to walk upon rather than sway from its elongated sides earlier. Once feet hit the floor Elle gets released into Animahni's arms. Now the real battle could begin.

Dragging her away Animahni finds a dry spot to lay Elle down and offers her own version of CPR. Attempting to mimic what Elle had done to save her. Her best was just enough. Elle's own healing ability adding to her recovery. It was the thought that counted.

"Who's kissing who here?" Elle gasps and caresses Animahni's cheek. A smile shared in the lines of battle.

As Jack casts his emptied Glock's away he backs off allowing Rubby to M-16 the beast. The bullets bouncing wildly forcing her to stop. Cam was nearly hit.

"Bullet's are pointless. Let's drag this guy outside and let Malcolm go all Godzilla on it." Cam growls.

Xander's barking kept the beast affixed. Inching further and further from the water. In it's length it could have been 19 feet long. Longer if stretched out. Standing proud another 7 feet tall. Thrashing about between Jack, Madigan, and Xander it couldn't make up it's mind. 

Behind everyone on the upper deck ramp crouched James Ian Pryce. Calculating on his pad possible solutions. Before he could spout a thought he heard a loud splashing noise from the shadowed water. This made him journey lower for a better field of sight.

His eyes bulge at a new arrival. To everyone's shock a large hulking male of black and white skin emerges holding the beast by the tail.

Haunted by the sheer regality of this new entrant Jack, Ruby, and Cam stop cold and glare up toward the ceiling. The visitor himself maleable and growing bigger as he wages war with the Komodo. He was magestic and strong. Very strong.

"OOPHALAH!" Animahni stands excitedly.

Jack swallows, "Need a bigger boat."

James rushes to his side grabbing Xander by the collar. His exciteability shouting out, "He's the Sub-Mariner in the Hulk's body. Awwwwwsome!"

Ruby grabs James pulling him to his feet, "Don't you ever listen. Get out of here before you get hurt."

Cam takes the initiative and tosses James over his shoulder hauling him out. Facing the battle still James calls out, "Feed it Sophia. She can devour it's heart from the inside."

Hearing this Sophia whom had stepped aside in favor of Oophalah leaps at the chance. Ignoring the entanglement of the two giants. Oophalah himself filling out more into his true form. He was becoming more in appearance of a true Orca only with tree trunk sized arms and legs. At full height at least 12 feet tall.

"Keep him distracted for me Big Sexy." Sophia crawls around to face the jaws of the Komodo. As it opens to bite her she literally does the unthinkable. She dives headlong down it's throat. Teeth digging at her flesh made her journey slow. She rode along letting it think it had a now lifeless meal.

Elle and Animahni join Jack and Ruby.

"How did Oophalah get to the surface at that size?" Ruby questioned.

"He was thinner when he first rose up." Jack points out.

Animahni offers, "Oophalah battled it deep below. It bit off one of his fins." 

"Maybe Oophalah adapted to the same chemistry that the Lizard used to become flexible. Blood was drawn. The bite could have secreted it's DNA into him. Giving him the same elasticity." Elle deduces.

"Everyone back out of here." Jack orders, "In case these two can't defeat it. Ruby head topside with the others. Elle? Get with James. Animahni? Stay with me in case I need you to talk with Oophalah."

The band breaks up leaving Jack, Animahni, and Madigan to await the outcome. The waves of the water shoving them further back.

Madigan glides over the battle then studies the moving bulge with the beasts gullet. Her daughter was crawling deeper through the creature. How could her daughter become so battle ready? So bloodthirsty in a sense? Before her accident she would have been squeamish eating Caviar. She had to know what was going on. Lowering her ethereal form Madigan Ridge plunges her upper body through the outer shell of the beast. 

Meeting up in a disgusting place all around. Her face direcly in her Daughter's burrowing sights as she clawed her way through rubbery intestines and muscle tissue.

"Get out Mom. I got this." Sophia spoke in mumbles.

"Just be careful."

"I don't think it can morph with me inside. I don't contort like the rest of it." Sophia grunts.

Madigan retreats to report back to Jack, "Sophia is almost to it's heart."

Jack nods observiving Oophalah tugging the dragon back toward the depths ever so slowly. The big guy was as majestic as heck. Jack could only admire his precense. 

"Your Octopi friend is upstairs." Jack glances at Animahni. In response the scarlet hued beauty darts her gaze between Oophalah and the ramp upward.

"I was worried that he might have perished." She murmurs.

"Still slive. Cam took him out of here. If your Big friend there and Sophia fails I don't know how to kill this thing."

"Does all things require killing?" She fears with hesitant eyes.

"Do you think it wouldn't make you dinner?"

"No. Killing is just not something I prefer to do."

"It should only be when it becomes necessary. These Komodo dragons are only worried about survival. We all are inevitably. Yet, I would never kill one of my own just to survive. That includes you Animahni. You have nothing to fear from us as long as there is trust."

"Your Sophia killed one of my family." She reminds him.

"Was he not trying to kill Sophia?"

"For food. Yes. He was brutal toward us however. I miss him not."

"The dragon's looking spooked. I think Sophia is doing her job. Once it's dead Oophalah can take it away. Maybe now Oophalah can enjoy our company with this newfound power."

"He will like that. It is very lonely below. Though bountiful."

"We need to create some sort of underwater gate to prevent any more dangerous entries like this. One that lets you and your friends come and go as you wish."

Suddenly, a loud screeching erupts and the Komodo pauses as if in agony. In it's writhing Oophalah stops tugging it down and lets it claw at the sides of the pond. The Princely Giant stares down at its final quivers before releasing his grip upon it. Oophalah then stands erect breathing heavily.

"I think that's it." Jack studies the death twitching.

As Jack and Animahni took the risk of moving closer the underside of the Komodo began glowing. It was followed by the smell of burning flesh. Sophia Ridge was eating her way out of the beast's stomach.

Oophalah merely towered over them observing Sophia's fingers appearing through the belly. Gradually more and more of her appeared. As her upper body pulled through she looked up at Oophalah.

"I found something of yours." She carefully pries out Oophalah's severed fin. She had ordered her little friends not to eat it. This was a much needed peace offering.

Oophalah carefully extends an open palm to let her place it in his hand. Her smile expressed in an apolgetic manner. He said nothing merely nodding his approval.

"Oophalah? My name is Colonel Jack Ramse. Thank you for your help. Maybe we can fix that fin of yours if you want our help. James, our youngest is quite the surgeon. I lost my arm here and he put it back on. Good as new."

Animahni steps between Jack and Oophalah. With a look of concern she touches Oophalah's arm. Her eyes studying his as if reading his thoughts. Moments pass before Animahni turns.

"He will take this beast away. He thanks you for your offer but he must also trust you. For now he will return to the ocean below. He will survive without his fin."

"Fair enough. Come back and see us Oophalah. I call you friend."

Oophalah gently nods lifting his chin high as his eyes close. It was as if he was mentally calling out to someone. He then postures while twisting in step devastating the pond with his mass. Turning around he grips the Komodo's tail just as Sophia stands tall beside Jack. Like a lonely giant the humanoid Orca trudges below dragging the dead below the surface. They waited until the water settled. 

"I hope his bulk can get back through the tunnel." Sophia points out.

Animahni steps forward, "I shall follow behind to assist him."

Before departure Animahni notes Cam, Elle, and Tyrakuus return. Elle had mended Tyrakuus as best as she could. With tentacles caressing both of their cheeks the humanoid Octopus bid his farewell. They were amazed by his sensitivity.

Passing Jack and Sophia, Tyrakuus joins Animahni. The two hug each other.

"It is good that you live Brother." Animahni prides upon him.

"Hurry back Animahni." Elle spoke out.

Almost as if blushing the two women lock eyes and smile. Animahni then turned and led Tyrakuus below the surface.

Sophia connects the dots pointing at Elle, "Elle has a girlfriend."

Jack winks at Elle then pats Cam on the back. 

"Oophalah used telepathy to call Tyrakuus back down. Didn't he?"

Cam puckers, "Something like that. Tyrakuus sure perked up quickly and grinned. We couldn't contain him so we helped him along."

Jack nods his confirmed thoughts on the situation, "Let's get out of here and into dry clothes."

"Tequila shots?" Cam chuckles.

"Sounds like a plan." 

Jack led the team out.

Cleaning up would be tomorrow.