 After an early morning start Jack Ramse and Ruby Goddard divided up priorities. Battle weary though they were from dealing with big ass lizards they knew they needed to get their lives under control better. They had managed pretty well for themselves for such a short time being trapped in this hellhole of lost time. Feeding themselves was under control. What they needed was power and hygiene control. They had access to water but had yet to achieve any safe means of bathing or restrooms. 

Today they were cleaning house and reaching goals. Everyone had a job to do. So far so good.

"Careful Elle. That last cut nearly pierced the hull again." Jack forewarned as her energized gaze fired precision laser beams to remove sun shielding panels. Each section increasing the lighting within the gloomy Ganthorian starship.

"Still learning control Jack. Stop nagging."

Jack knew she was doing her best. He just lived a perfectionist regiment. His military rank insisted upon it. Still, he was softening up where needed. Leaving Elle and Sophia to the panel removal Jack steps away and makes the journey down into the sub level. Below Cameron Scott and Ruby Goddard were cleaning up the debris zone around the interior lagoon. After yesterday and their battle with the elastic Komodo the damage was more convoluted. For them to ever adapt to their water source it all began with cleaning house. Smaller items were removed outside the ship. The larger obstructions merely nudged to one side neatly and left alone. 

The fish pens were luckily not destroyed and still had enough live fish to feed them another four or five days. They needed to figure out a better aquarium to accommodate their food supply. They had no real idea when or even if Animahni and her family would bring them more seafood from the depths. They might have to become vegetarians in the meantime.

"Making head way down here. Need any help?" He reaches their vicinity.

"We have this Jack. How goes the solar panels?" Ruby halts her walk with a chunk of shard metal.

"Should be done in two hours. The ladies are on a roll. It's good to see everyone working together."

"Everyone but the Genius. Where the hell is James?" Cam grunts also hauling debris nearly too heavy for him.

Jack ponders his absence. He hadn't seen him since the morning roll call for breakfast. Nodding Jack eyes Ruby who looked rather pale.

"You alright Goddard?"

She reaches her destination dropping the metal, "I'm fine. Just overtaxed. This junk weighs a ton. Little indigestion doesn't help. Not like I have a Tums laying around."

"If you get too queasy go find Elle. Maybe her touch can ease up your problem." Cam blurts out.

"Stop fussing Boys. I'm good. Let's just finish this job. I want a bath before sometime this year. Whatever year it is."

"We could all use one." Jack notes his own scent, "Those large cylinders over there. Maybe Elle can cut those in half to make tubs. Could get four out of those. Just need to make sure they're safe to bath in. Have James test the interiors for substance residue."

"Gotta find him first." Cam huffs.

Jack grimaces as he realizes the weakness in Ruby. As she struggles with yet another trip of scrap metal he stops her. She looks shaken by his touch to her arm. It was tender. "Ruby? Go take a breather. Find James and see what he's up too. I'll help Cameron."

After a moment of shared eye contact Ruby relents, "Yeah! I could use some fresh air. The water down here smells like fish and mold."

"Step by step." Jack nods, "We can see about some air purification system once we establish a sturdy power source. Go on before I pat your ass in front of Cameron and embarrass you."

"Not going there Colonel Ramse." She points at him sternly.

He smirks and claims her scrap debris lifting it as if it were a piece of paper.

"Show off." She shakes her head trying not to smile. She wanted to. He wanted her to. Ruby just knew he was watching her wiggle away. The problem was, so was Cameron Scott. Men!

Outside the ship, Malcolm Brand and Madigan Ridge were chatting as Malcolm in his larger size of twelve feet tall moved the solar panels that Sophia would keep bringing out to a better storage locale. 

"I think Sophia is wondering why you're spending so much time with me." Malcolm chuckles.

"Let her. I'm a grown...ghost. Besides I may never see my Husband ever again. We're friends Malcolm. Nothing more. Correct?"

"Right. Even though last night got a bit compromising. And, we weren't even drunk."

"Stop. I don't think I can effectively blush." She smiles, "I am just happy that we experimented with your runes. Now I know it's possible to become a living creature even for short periods of time. I'm thankful for even a few moments of that leisure."

"Which makes me question the reasons for my runes in the first place. What's their purpose? I mean they're on me. If I were alone on this world what would be their reason to exist?"

"I would say only God knows. But, that might be Gods for all we know." She surmises.

"I believe in God. Born Baptist." Mal confesses, "God created other Gods in his image I'm thinking. One true is all I'll follow."

Madigan hovers lost in his last few words as she looks out into the distance. Enough so that Malcolm halts his removal of panels to look in the direction she had focused on.

"You see something?"

She merely studies the desert, "I would not say I see anything. I sense something. As a ghost I call pick up on vibes my human side could not. This was the location that the dead Ganthorian's walked away toward. It is almost as if they're calling me. Something is at least. Maybe it's God calling me to Heaven?"

"I hope not Maddy. I'd miss you." Mal charms her.

"I have no intention of abandoning my daughter again. Nor my friends. I'll just listen and learn."

"Good to hear." He returns to his duty once Sophia hauls yet another solar panel cover to drop off at their feet.

"Two more and we're done." Sophia reports, "I need a break though. My little buddies are getting hungry."

Maddy floats to her daughter, "We should go on a salvage run with Malcolm here. It would do us good to see a change of scenery."

Sophia puckers, "Sounds like fun. Tomorrow?"

Malcolm returns for the section Sophia had just dropped, "Had my eye on something out that direction. We haven't really explored those dunes in the distance. Lots of ships out there. Might be something we can use."

"Great. I say we head out at dawn tomorrow." Sophia changes her focus toward the energy pen safeguarding Greta's herd of cows. Greta was inside the pen shoveling shit to use for their crops growing all around them. Seeing her mound of manure Sophia had a brilliant idea.

Walking toward the pen Sophia in her indestructible form literally walks right through the zapping energy. Greta stopped her shoveling to wince at the girls arrival. It had stirred her cows and horse into a nervousness.

"You're spooking the herd." Greta tries to calm them with her gloved hands. Greta had covered every inch of her body, including her mouth behind a bandana. Nobody questioned her outfit considering the stench of the job she chose to partake upon. What really scared Greta Winston was her disappearing hand. When she woke up her forearm was also invisible. She could still feel her limb, just not see it. She panicked that it might continue.

"Sorry. My friends are hungry. Time to eat."

Greta bulges her eyes and rears her shovel over her head defensively, "Don't you go near my cows."

"Chillax, Cowgirl. I'm not going after your beef." Sophia steps over to the pile of manure and literally falls backwards over it. Upon impact the smelly crap began acidic hissing and absorbing into the girls flesh.

"That there is making my belly churn." Greta chokes turning away.

"Making your job easier though. I won't be long. It never occurred to me before now that I could feed my friends this way." Her body glows faintly.

"You're lighting up like a candle." Greta huffs.

"Candlelit dinner for me and my million lovers. Isn't it Romantic?"

Coughing at the digestive process Greta turns away. She needed air. Reaching the energy net she looks up toward the small floating spheres that were generating the net. Young James Ian had programmed a recognition door for Greta to easily access and entry/ exit point. Once leaving the net returned to protect her cattle.

Outside she was met by Madigan easing up to her.

"I apologize for my daughter. I barely recognize her myself these days. Her so-called friends have altered her in every way save persona. Before them she would be repulsed by white rice. Let alone dead animal marrow or fecal matter."

"Lil hard getting used to." Greta looks up at her with a grimace.

Maddy saw Greta lower her bandana to talk. As she did Maddy notices the woman's neckline. Beneath her collar her flesh had given way to the shirt. Only it was the back of her shirt's material.

"Forgive me, Greta. Have you noticed anything about your body that is unusual?"

"You're one to ask?" Greta winces offended.

"Are you well?"

Greta presses her lips together, "Not really. I mean I feel fine but--can you keep a secret?" This was a moment of truth. Could a cowgirl and a ghost bond?

"I will not tell a soul. Unless you are suffering due to it."

Looking about her for Malcolm and Sophia she finds both occupied. In a hurry Greta removes her glove and lets Maddy see. To her shock her flesh was back. Good as new.

"What the Sam Hill?" She turns her palm up with a look of shock. Greta then rolls her sleeve up to her elbow. Normalcy had returned. It was just her shoulder missing at the moment. Pointed out by Madigan.

"I presume by your surprise that your arm was missing before now?" Maddy acknowledges.

"Yeah. This is really making me batty."

"Please come to me if you need a friend. You can actually just call out my name under your breath. I can hear you and will come to you."

"Thank ya, Madigan. All I know is I can feel my body it just ain't in sight all the time."

"A cloaking device as my Husband used to talk about. Do we know what caused this?"

"I'm thinking it was that big lizard Malcolm killed off. It was able to do this. It breathed on me up close and I inhaled it's breath. Thought I was gonna die at that moment."

"Death is overrated Greta. As I can attest to personally. Monitor your condition. If it gets better wonderful. If worse you need to consult everyone. You are among friends."

"I know. I will. Just not ready yet."

Maddy smiles as Sophia stepping through the energy pen makes a great deal of noise. The distraction led to Greta's silence. Smelling manure up close as Sophia joined them burping the girl prides herself.

"My minions loved that stuff. I bet I smell huh? Here! I'll fix that." Closing her eyelids Sophia secretes a thin sheer across her gorgeous body that encloses every pore. The scent fading away to be replaced by what smelled like cherry.

Greta bulged her eyes, "Smell's mighty purdy."

"I love my new body. I better get back inside before Elle and Jack get after me. Thanks for lunch."

Watching Sophia waddle away with confidence Maddy scowls, "I swear she was a beautiful child."

Greta continued to shiver. This world was so strange.

Ruby Goddard had been looking for fifteen minutes for young James Ian. His room was empty. He wasn't outside walking his dog. Nor the basement. That meant he had opted to journey inside the ship further on his own. Passing Elle waiting impatiently on Sophia to drop the final panels Ruby chose to go in search. Arming herself with her trusty Glock's, flashlight, walky talky, and translator collar to read the signs.

She preferred to do the buddy system thing but everyone was occupied and she didn't want their chain of events to suffer. Time was everything. Besides she needed to stretch her legs. If only she could kick this indigestion. Sweat from the thickness in the air didn't help. Ventilation was sorely needed. 

Heading out into the unknown she took her time to listen and read everything she could translate for her own safety. More and more science labs. Computer banks. Storage warehouses. Machinery of every size and shape. Noting a glow in the distance she follows it. Surely it must be James. Yet, the glow differed from the luminescence of their flashlight capability.

"James?" She calls out the closer she gets.

"You rang?" 

Ruby turns spooked by his voice as if right behind him. He was no where to be seen. This gave her goosebumps.

"Where are you? I've been looking all over."

"All you had to do was call my name out. I added tech to your collar. Hold on."

Her collar's center cameo ignites a thin beam of light on the wall next to her. Suddenly, the face of James appears on it.

"How in the world?" She huffs.

"Hologram. I'm in an arsenal bay about a tenth of a mile from your current position. Keep going you will find me. The door says "Orbiter". I'll have Xander come lead you. Give him a minute."

"Alright."

The hologram fades. Suddenly, it dawns on her. How did James switch her translator to enhance it? It was in her bedroom or on her at all times. Her eyes narrow at her invasion of privacy.

Arriving swiftly Xander, James' pet German Shepard yelps at her. In response she trails behind the pup until it leads them to the armory. The glow fading away the closer she got to it. For some reason she suspected the light had nothing to do with James. The hair on her arms stood up at the thought.

Joining James in a well lit room she discovers the boy holding a jar of the alien lightning bugs which he used to conserve their flashlight batteries. She admired his energy saving.

"There you are. You shouldn't be out here alone. We barely know this place. Anything could jump out at any moment. Look at Animahni. If she and her family are still alive. Those bugs still live. Anything could exist in hiding."

"Oh, there's lots of living things here. So far nothing hostile. Unless you count Eden. I really need to read up on that area more. Anyways, I have Xander to protect me. I've been reading the schematics of the Ganthorian craft. We have absolutely everything we need to live for years here. Behold, weapons."

She watches him raise his jar for a better look along the walls. There were shelves and shelves of his defense orbs. Millions to be precise.

"Balls as far as the eye can see." She winces.

"Quit talking dirty. I'm not of age remember?" He jokes.

She merely scowls, "What were they used for?"

"Everything. Surveillance. Warrior mode. I can reprogram these bad boys into our army in case those Hordakian's track our signal back to us."

"The bad aliens, right?"

"Yep. That occurring signal were sending out in hopes the female Ganthorian phones home might draw in the enemy. I can use these guys as our first line of defense. It's a start. Originally I set out to work on our power core. Once we get solar generated we get lighting. With the increase of power I can activate a venting system to incorporate fresh air. Air conditioning even for short periods."

"Jack found some tubes in the basement he wants you to swab and see if they're safe to use as bath tubs. Before I forget."

"Easy enough. I'll get to it. You guys just keep adding to my to do list."

"Honey do list?" She reaches over to ruffle his hair playfully. She then stops hand on his head, "When did you switch my translator collar Young Man?"

His eyes bulge, "Busted. I couldn't sleep last night. Did you talk to Mal and Maddy yet?"

"Quit changing the subject." She offers a stern look.

"I snuck into your room while you were asleep. Cam and Elle's too. I do my best work late at night."

"James? I sleep in the nude."

Swallowing dryly he puts his hands up defensively, "I swear I didn't look. I grabbed it from your storage table."

"Regardless. That was wrong of you. Invading privacy like that. Fair warning. I'm not above paddling your ass."

"Sorry Ruby. I'm just trying to make our lives easier. At least now you can find me better." "I like the hologram communication. Smart. Ask my permission next time. I might have shot you in the dark not knowing it was you."

"Secret time?"

"Secret time? What do you mean?"

"I'm not only telepathic through Xander. I also have a stealth aura around me. I can move around in total silence. See my belt buckle? I made this when I was twelve. It dampens all sound around me in a six foot radius."

She stares at him out of shock. The kid was full of surprises. Some not so good ones at that. Shaking her head she changes her demeanor.

"What else do we have in here?"

"The Ganthorian's were peaceful overall. They would defend themselves as required though."

"They sure didn't defend themselves against that Dorsey guy."

James shrugs, "Well, in their defense Dorsey did poison and paralyze them. They couldn't fight back."

"A shame. Which makes you wonder why the female didn't get poisoned."

"She wasn't allowed on the bridge. Only the males were permitted to be there."

"Chauvinist aliens." She huffs.

"I have a suspicion about the female. I think she was Royalty."

"Queen?"

"No. Princess. There's a captain's log locked up in a safe. If I can crack the safe I'll know my suspicions are dead on. Only a guess but I think they were transporting her between worlds. When she felt her race being killed she ran. Before Dorsey could get to her."

"Let's hope we can rescue her. If she's alive."

"Yep."

"Weapons." She points around her.

"Oh! Typical ion rifles. Only problem might be how long they've rested here unused. Might need charged up."

"Ion? As in laser?"

"Close enough. Same damage."

"Anything else?" She ponders aloud.

"Lots of things..." He nods just before being distracted by Xander barking in the hallway. Eying the door both Ruby and James see the light glare she had witnessed before.

"There's that funky light I saw earlier." Ruby heads for the door.

Lingering in the threshold they witness Xander giving chase around a corner following the light. Ruby removes her Glock and takes the lead. James closely behind her. She favors holding James back at reaching the blind corner. Hearing Xander yelp and whine Ruby takes the chance and storms after the pup. The light growing brighter around the dog who lay on the floor rolling as if trying to get a scent off of him.

Amid the light was a silhouette.

"Is that a Rabbit?" Ruby growls.

The second James reaches her the large Rabbit shaped critter stands on two legs and makes a paw motion toward them. It then darts toward the wall next to it. The light fading as it vanishes without a trace. Somehow it had phased through a solid wall.

Ruby and James run to Xander's assistance. The dog whimpering but healthy. Crouching beside each other James looks at Ruby.

"I think Bugs Bunny just flipped us off."

Ruby offers a stunned expression.

"What the fuck?"

"Dust Bunny?" James shrugs with a smirk.

"It ran through a solid surface. Do we have another ghost like Madigan in here?" Ruby questions.

"Well? I think it slugged Xander in the nose. I'd say it's not a ghost."

"This place just keeps getting weirder."

"Honey do list?" James chuckles as Xander sits up panting.

"Long as it's harmless let it be."

"That's what Jack said about Animahni."

"Fine." Ruby's belly seizes up, making her cringe and hold her abdomen.

"You okay?" 

"Bad indigestion the last two days. Comes and goes. Let's get out of here."

He helps her rise when the wall that the Rabbit had escaped through lights up. This time two more bunnies emerge as if curious. As they hop forward Xander whines and moves behind James.

Ruby cautiously kneels again laying her Glock on the floor peacefully. The Rabbit's stare at her then the darker coated one eases toward her sniffing. Reaching Ruby's knees it rears up on two legs and greets her by touch. It eases a paw toward her stomach and creates a light over her belly. She stood amazed as her queasiness faded away. The bunny then backed off as if bowing. Rejoining the other Rabbit it rubs its own tummy as if offering insight. Content they depart back through the wall.
