 Elle Franklin makes her way down into the bowels of the Ganthorian craft. Joining Jack Ramse and Cameron Scott in moving the scattered debris around their indoor lagoon. Reaching them she notes the two men moving large metallic tubes that were empty of whatever contents used to be stored in them.

"What are we doing Fellas?"

Jack nudges her aside as he and Cam carry the cylinder to a prime location for a worthy bathing possibility. Setting it down Jack sizes up the area.

"Might cut these tubes into bath tubs. You got enough solar build up to cut these in half?"

"Maybe. Once I cut those final panels down I was able to look up through the windows directly at the sun coming in. So much more light now. Feeling more like a home than a crypt." She puckers.

"Job well done Sarge." Cam winks.

"Thanks. Sophia just told me she ate shit." Elle grimaces. The men following her reaction. "That sexy thing is just ruining her reputation." Cam shivers at the gross imagery.

Jack nods, "At least she's doing her part. That hunger her friends have seems useful. Personal trash compactor."

"I swear if she starts drinking our piss like beer I'm out of this time zone." Cam grimaces.

The three smirk amongst one another until they hear footsteps approaching. Behind them from the stairwell down came Ruby Goddard. Alone now that she had sent James to his private lab to do more research. He had given her a set of swabs and test tubes to store them in.

"Catch." Ruby hurls a tube at Jack. Catching it he uncaps the tube and removes the swab. Together they swipe as deep as they could reach into the steal tubes. Which meant three feet at best.

"Want me to open them up so you can reach the other end?" Elle offers.

"Let's make sure your heat doesn't create any chain reaction if they have explosive residue." Jack recommends.

Elle agreed suddenly, "Smart. No wonder you outrank me."

"After Sophia's stunt we don't need any more surprises." Jack adds.

"Right. I know I certainly don't need microscopic roomates that eat shit for dessert." Cam chuckles.

"I don't want to know." Ruby rolls her eyes, "Speaking of surprises. James found an armory. Looks promising weapon wise. Want to hear the real shocker?"

The trio nod expecting the unexpected.

"We have Rabbits running around." She smirks.

"Ohhh yeah! Rabbit stew." Cam rubs his belly.

"Hold on there Elmer Fudd." Ruby shakes her head, "Like everything in this crazy place there's more to these critters than just being cuddly bunnies. These guys can walk right through solid objects. Intangibility James says. They can glow too."

"Yeah! I'll skip the stew. Anything that can walk right through my stomach ain't filling enough." Cam jests.

"They're friendly. Two of them came right up to us. Recall my stomach pains? One of them touched my belly and the pain left just that fast."

"Healers now? Like me." Elle winces with a cocked up eye brow.

"So it appears. I have James looking into them. We know so little about this ship we need to just let James do his own thing. We have enough people to clean house here while he does." Ruby suggests.

Jack frowns, "Okay. Take these swabs back. If he gives us the go ahead Elle can split these two tubes into four tubs. We can fashion hoses into filling these and draining the water back out into the lagoon there. Fashion some way to heat the water up."

"I hate to be tied down to hot water duty but I bet I can increase my solar powered arm into a heater. Probably only take a few minutes."

"In a pinch." Jack nods, "We can't expect that of you every time. Offer's appreciated in the meantime. Cam? Go take a break."

"I could use a cigarette. Heading out to check on Malcolm." The Pilot takes his leave. Ruby following close behind. 

Jack narrows his eyes toward Ruby. There was something different about her demeanor. Something that calmed his thoughts on how he treated her awhile back. Sexually. His behavior still nagging at him even though he pushed it aside most times. Nodding at his thoughts rambling he returns to moving debris. It was looking presentable. 

Outdoors, Malcolm Brand had changed his attitude about the solar shielding. Instead of discarding it into a makeshift junkyard he chose to build himself a sun shelter. There was enough darkened glass to shade him should he slumber during the day. Not easy to position due to it's curvatures he utilized scrape metal from surrounding ships and built a frame work that suited his needs. At least it was cooler and it would protect him should predators arrive unexpectedly. Catching him off guard as he slept.

"Looking good Buddy." Cam stepped inside the shadowy enclosure. Offering Malcolm a cigarette. He was glad he declined. His reserves were running low.

"Naa! Thanks anyway."

"Feeling better? I'm still recovering from this curse thing you're suffering."

"I don't let it bother me now. Curse maybe but at least it's a survival kit. Knowing I can outgrow most enemies we encounter. Strength and all."

"Our hero. Maybe I should go find me an apple too." Cam smirks.

"Your choice but I don't recommend it. Not that I feel sick anymore. I ate the core so now it grows inside my belly and constantly keeps me energized. No weakness sense I ate it whole."

"All banter aside I'm glad you're okay after that."

The two men share a respectful fist bump. Cameron noticing that even in his normal size Malcolm's skin was harder than it was. Just that one fist bump made Cam wince and shake his fingers.

"James tell you what Maddy and I discovered?"

"That kid steers clear of me. He knows I still don't trust him."

"I think he's okay." Mal ponders, "You recall those strange runes that show up on me as I grow?"

"Yeah?"

"Well Maddy touched each of them. If you can believe it she actually turned human, flesh and blood for a few minutes after. Each rune had a different effect on her. Nothing ever lasted long though. She kept turning back to her ghostly state."

Cam droops his cigarette in his lips out of awe.

"Holy."

"I know. James came outside walking his dog and saw things. Read my runes with these collars we use to translate lingo. Each rune had a specific meaning. A different form of existence. I'm not sure why they're on my body but I wanna know more. Maybe I can tap into these runes to use as a power if needed."

"Crazy shit." Cam mutters.

"Ain't it. I'm going on a salvage run with Maddy and Sophia come morning. Think I'll experiment while I'm out there. I figure the three of us can protect ourselves pretty well."

"Speaking of salvage. I'm going to head inside and find our mad scientist and see if he's looked over that book and sword we brought back." Cam crushes his cigarette butt under his boot and starts to turn away, "Oh, Ruby and the kid ran into ghost rabbits inside the ship. Found an armory too. I'm gonna go check out our weapon cache." "Bring some out. We can try some target practice." Mal chuckles.

"Sounds good. See you in a few."

The remainder of the day led to cleaning house further. Once Jack and Elle got the results of the swab testing back Elle set about laser disection of the tubs. Jack realigning hoses to transfer water from the pond to each tub. After the filtration system made the water sanitary. He and Elle worked well together.

"Everyone should be able to bathe tonight before bed." Jack informed.

"Sooo ready. Those few dives I made battling beasties felt great but I'm tired of smelling like fish." Elle tugs at her shirt.

"I'll head up and give you privacy. Go ahead and grab a bath."

"You sure?"

"That's an order Sargent."

Elle smiles saluting Jack before taking her shirt off almost before he had even turned away. Then, she realized that she didn't even have any soap. Dressing again she follows Jack upstairs and grabs her necessities. Fresh clothing. Towel. Wash clothe. Bar of soap she had salvaged from the plane's passengers after their crash.

Passing by Ruby she stops. 

"Hey. Bath tubs are ready. Grab a towel and let's soak."

Ruby smiles vibrantly, "Don't have to tell me twice."

Elle then walked to Greta's room and knocked on the cowgirl's door.

"Bath tubs are ready Greta. It's girls night. Come on down and get squeaky clean."

From behind the door Greta Winston had isolated herself until her shoulder had returned to normal. Looking herself over good she decided that her body had returned to it's visible appearance. A bath certainly sounded good.

"Let me fetch a towel. I'll be down in a bit." She uttered with uncertainty.

Elle fidgeted at the woman's tone. She didn't sound her usual self. Normally she was smiles and full of life. Maybe the shocks of late were getting too her. Elle would have a long talk with her later.

Jack followed Ruby's earlier directions to the armory. There he discovered James and Cam sorting through weapons and explanations of firepower. Jack was amazed by what he found.

"We have definately got to go through every inch of this boat." Cam rally's his emotions toward Jack.

"Couldn't agree more. Any sign of our rabbit invaders?" Jack looks around him.

"Not yet. I did read up on them though. As you know the Ganthorian's were into hybridization. These rabbits are kind of hard to explain."

"Try." Jack took interest.

"Ever hear of a mythical island called Hy-Brasil?"

"Can't say that I have."

"Me neither." Cam added.

James understood and chose his words well. He knew they didn't have the patience for anything too technical.

"Okay. Hy-Brasil is only one of the islands names throughout history. It was known as the Phantom Island. Roughly 200 miles off the coast of Ireland. North Atlantic. It was on various maps from the early 1300's through the 1800's. Yet when people would look for it the island could never be found. Supposedly the island would reappear every seven years. I won't get into the explorers that managed to set foot on it but supposedly this island had a sole inhabitant. An oldman living in a castle with large black rabbits that often walked like men. Like I said the island kept vanishing."

"So how do these rabbits associate with those on this island?"

"I think the Ganthorian's discovered how to reach the island as it phased through dimensions. Capturing some of the magical rabbits to experiment on. From what I understand the oldman was a Magician. Sorceror even. Maybe Merlin. No one knows for certain. Pure speculation."

"Are these rabbits friendly?" Cam shivers.

"Well? Of the three we met one flipped us the bird. Its paws were actually capable of curled fingers. Obviously due to any crossed hybridization the Ganthorian's administered. The other two seemed if anything empathetic. Like they sensed Ruby feeling bad. As if they offered her their friendship. I'd say the first rabbit was aggravated by Xander. He probably scared it. It hit Xander but didn't really hurt him any. So I'd say they might prove friendly. As long as we don't do anything stupid like hunting them down."

"Question is, how many are hiding in here?" Cam looked edgy.

"We all know how rabbits breed. But, I'm guessing by their phasing ability they're holed up in a pocket dimension on the other side of the wall." James shrugs.

"Pocket dimension? Is it possible they're going from our ship to their island and back?" 

Jack shakes his head at how silly it sounded.

"Who knows. Interesting theory though. If so maybe we can catch a ride to the island and seek help from there. Even ask Merlin if that was really him."

"Again, question is, what time period?"

"Better off staying here than getting separated in time and dimensions." Jack emphasizes.

"My thoughts exactly." James agrees.

Jack changes thoughts, "Awful lot of those drones you use to create the cattle pen."

"I counted them. There are two million mini drones. I can program them as our defense in case we need them later. Their gravitational drives allow them to move. Unlike the massive engines this ship has. Unless we find some power source that overides electrical current this ship remains crippled."

"How's our power increasing now that the shields are taken down?"

"40%. Let it charge through tomorrow and I think we can establish night lighting. With the power the ship had already we can survive for quite a few years here. By then let's hope we either find another source or get the heck out of this place and back home." James offers.

"Future ideas at best." Jack proclaims.

Cam lifts one of the ion rifles and looks it over. Seeing his clumsy handling James jumps to their defense.

"Stay clear of the trigger. Let me test the ion fractions and make certain these aren't unstable before we go blowing ourselves up."

"Say what?" Cam eases the gun back into it's lockup case.

"Probably stable but let's not risk our lives until I know." James frets, "I for one want to live long and prosper."

"Right. Hey, I was going to ask you earlier before we came out here to the armory. That book and sword Malcolm and I found. You find time to look those over?"

"Not yet. Too many things to do. I'll decipher what I can at bedtime. I don't sleep much. My mind's always working."

"I guess I could use my collar to read the book myself. I just figured you might understand it better than me." Cam nods knowing it to be the truth.

James offers a thumbs up, "Let's talk about that tomorrow."

Jack abandons the guys and journey's out into the hallway. Stepping around the corner at the aproximate location of the rabbit encounter. Xander joined him sniffing along the corridor.

Noting nothing unusual Jack whistles at Xander to follow him. The group headed back toward familier territory.

Basement level Ruby and Elle sat back soaking after a liesurely bathing. The water grimy after weeks of nasty dirt build up. Elle using her last bit of heat storage to warm their water.

"I feel alive again." Ruby sighs laying back, poising her leg out of the water after having shaved her legs.

"I hear that. Even my diamond skin is reacting to it's cleanliness. Look at me sparkle." "Wonder what happened to Greta?" Ruby grew curious.

"Dunno. She sounded weird. Maybe she just got tired and freaked out after Sophia ate all that cow manure."

"Speaking of Sophia. I wonder what she's up too?"

"Probably meditating with her dance troop. Maddy says she shuts her brain down at least twice a day to commune with those parasites. Exploring her potential she says." Elle enlightens.

Ruby raises an eye brow, "As long as her sanity isn't lost I'm happy for her. Her abilities have been a godsend."

"Right. This day spa needs airing out. The fish smell ruins the dream come true."

"Only way that's going to happen is relocating our bath upstairs. That means a lot of hoses. No way for easy draining either."

"Yeah. And taking the tubs outside wouldn't be any better. Cow shit or fish smell. No winning."

"Survival sweetheart." Ruby smirks, "We take what we got and live with it."

"I think I'm ready for bed."

Elle stands up in her tub and steps out. Drying herself she changes her clothes. Now in a red tank top and white shorts. Her sleep wear.

"Might want to lock your bedroom door." Ruby decides to break the news, "Our boy James snuck into our rooms while we were asleep. Grabbed our translator collars. They now have a holographic connection to James. When we need him."

"Say what? I'm going to whup that boys ass."

"I warned him. He gets carried away trying to make our lives easier. I don't knock him for that but he needs to learn respect. I just know he saw me naked. I sleep in the nude." Ruby scowls.

"Daamn! Thanks for the heads up."

"Yep. Night Elle."

"See you in the morning Colonel. Ruby."

Moments later Ruby Goddard dries off and heads for bed herself. Wearing only her towel on her journey. Reaching the upper floors she motions for Jack and Cam sitting at the Bridge.

"Tubs are free Gentlemen."

Jack eyes Ruby's smile. God she was beautiful. Blushing slightly Ruby turns and wiggles away. Jack glances over at Cam who was covering his eyes with his hand.

"Court martial. Court martial. Court martial." He was murmuring to get his thoughts out of the gutter. Jack had to shake his head.

"I'll stand watch if you wanna get cleaned up." Jack prompts.

"Best offer I had all day." Cam leaps to his feet heading for his quarters to gather what he needed.

During the peacefulness Greta Winston decided to sneak downstairs to bathe. Still stressed over her potential disappearance. Managing to escape being seen she reaches the tub area and finds a clean water to crawl into. Disrobing she shivers at the spookiness of the place in it's dim lighting. Her flashlight shut off to avoid anyone noticing her. Stepping into the bath it was cold but felt delightful. Easing back she just laid there and tried to relax.

Minutes later she falls asleep soaking.

Waking abruptly as her space is invaded Greta freezes without a sound. Before her eyes she witnesses Cameron Scott undressing. Her eyes bulging at his intrusion. Then, her gaze captured the man's penis. In her disturbed thoughts she whined, "That thing is huge."

Choosing the same tub from the opposite angle He crawls in and sits. Bar of soap and wash clothe in hand. Why hadn't he noticed Greta as she carefully fetals her legs up under her?

Looking down at her body she drops her jaw. Her entire body was now invisible. Terrified by her misfortune she cringes. Her sole thought led to one word.

"MADDY?"

Seconds pass before Madigan Ridge answers Greta's mental call. In her spectral state she floats through the floor above Cam and hovers next to him. She could see Greta even in her translucent body. Her spirit form allowing her to see things others could not.

"Good evening Cameron." 

Cam looks up at Maddy's words then tenses up covering his body, "Beejeezus! Maddy! Privacy."

Distracting Cameron, Greta eases up out of the water and gently stands. Preparing to climb out she loses her balance slipping on the tub floor. Falling forward directly on top of Cameron. The impact forcing Cam to scream like a girl. This made Greta scream like a man.

Above them Maddy closed her eyes. There would be no more secrets after this.

"What the hell just fell on me?" Cam feels Greta's body weight. Her soft breasts crushing against his chest. He could feel her breath on his face. Knowing something was there he reaches out and runs his hands along her spine and down to her butt. With a loud squeal she reacts. Slapping him she leaps up and departs the tub amid chaotic water.

Hearing the screams Jack came running down the stairs. On his way down he witnesses wet foot prints on the steps. Yet there was no body. In her panic she shoves him aside barely to escape.

Jack let whatever it was go. Choosing instead to find Cam in shock and Maddy floating with a hand over her mouth. This was priceless.

"What the blazes is going on? Do we have another ghost in here Maddy?" Jack probed.

Pointing at Greta's crumpled clothing was her only reply. She would let Jack investigate this further. She swore not to tell anyone. She hadn't. Merely offering a hint. Taking her leave Maddy rose up into Greta's bedroom. The girl had locked herself away and was crying.

Comfort would be impossible.

Down below Jack picks up Greta's clothing and offers Cam his first look at them.

"How did you miss these?"

Cam shrugs haunted. With a wince he points behind him, "I didn't see her I swear."

"Obviously there's more going on here. Finish your bath. I'll look into this."

Jack moves on with her clothing. Upstairs he stands in front of Greta's door. A light knock Jack whispers.

"We talk about this tomorrow. I'm laying your clothes by your door. Get some rest." Maddy stood by Greta the entire night. By dawn Greta's body had returned to normal. "What am I going to do?" Greta covered her chest rocking on the floor. 
