 After a restless night Malcolm Brand geared up for a salvage run. He waited for Sophia Ridge and her Mother to join him. Backpack ready he decided to set down and drink an instant coffee. All that they had left from their crash were packets. Even those were ready to run out. Their guilty pleasures slowly dwindling. Of course with the help of James Ian they might be able to grow coffee beans in their makeshift plantation.

Stepping down the lowering ramp waltzed Cameron Scott yawning. Trudging over toward Mal he meets him with a "Mornin' Buddy."

"What happened to our target practice yesterday?"

"The kid wouldn't let me bring any firearms out. Said the Ion casings need to be tested. Might explode in our hands."

"That would suck. Where's Momma Madigan?" Mal wondered.

"Babysitting Greta I'm guessing. Did you know our resident Calamity Jane can turn invisible?"

Mal raised his gaze with curiosity, "Since when?"

"Since our Komodo attack. Jack's talking with her as we speak. I guess she inhaled dragon's breath and now it's effected her. It's uncontrollable. Can you believe I actually got in a bath tub with her and didn't know it? Poor kid panicked." He sighed, "Felt her ass up though. Slipped in the tub and fell for me."

Mal shakes his head, "No shame Man. No shame."

"Not my fault. Felt nice though. Until she slapped me in the face. Never saw her coming." Cam chuckles.

"You apologize at least?"

"Not yet. I'll get to it. I think she's mortified right now."

As they bantered about Sophia skips down the ramp in all of her glistening gold glory. Her sexy body bouncing and wiggling with pride. Dancing her way toward the boys they admire her beauty. Knowing just how deadly that sexy ass was.

"Morning Sunshine." Cam leers over his shoulder.

"Coffee smells good." She admits.

"Want the rest?" Mal offers his cup.

"No. I just filled up on dirty bath water. Yummy."

Cam grimaces, "For someone so fucking hot I just can't get it up knowing you do that shit."

"Awww! Want me to jerk you off?"

"And acid trip my tip? Hell no."

Sophia giggles, "Your loss. I might get my friends to let me finish you off before they get too jealous."

"Pass. So, you're going out with Mal here shopping?"

"I need to stretch my legs. He asked. I jumped on the idea."

"Bring us back something good." Cam smirks.

"Hope so."

Madigan Ridge drifts down the ramp and joins them. Two nude beauties Mother and daughter made Cameron Scott grit his teeth. Slapping his knees he stands up and nods at Mal.

"Good luck. I'm going back inside. Time to face the music."

Madigan clears her throat, "Please be gentle with Greta. She's emotional."

"I'll keep it civil. It was an accident after all. Even my pat down. I had no idea what I was feeling untuil I discovered contours."

Sophia narrows her eyes, "What am I missing?"

"Nothing Dear. " Madigan smirks at her daughter, "Shall we go?"

Mal downs his coffee and rises, "This way Ladies."

On the road again. 

Within the Ganthorian vessel Jack had finally settled Greta Winston down. Having discussed the matter with Ruby Goddard the two isolated themselves away in favor of consoling her sanity. Ruby held Greta's hand as the lovely Cowgirl swayed on the floor. Tears had long dried up as the talk sympathized and brought her reality into perspective. Twice during their communications Greta had went invisible right in front of them. While minutes later reverting back to normal. Both Colonel's eyed each other over Greta's emotions.

"Greta?" Ruby whispers patting the woman's hand, "We need to have James check you out. Let's be certain that this is not effecting your health."

"Health? Am I gonna die?" Greta stares unblinking.

"Not Likely. You're too tough to let this get in your way. Besides you have chores to do." 

Jack tries to make her stronger. She knew her cattle depended on her. 

"It's just a precaution Greta." Ruby consoles, "I for one would be lost without your sense of humor and optimistic outlook. You bring out the best in all of us."

Jack nods standing up to stretch his legs, "What you fear could be what saves your life someday. Look at the rest of us. Since we arrived here most of us have gained new abilities that can be useful in protecting our best interests. Namely our family here. Which you're a part of. James and Elle patched ole Frankenstein here back to life. I never felt better."

"Exactly." Ruby adds, "Imagine how Malcolm feels knowing he could grow at any second without warning. Or, Elle looking all diamond. Those diamond cells could one day expand and cover her whole body. Sophia? She's coped quite well considering she cannot ever touch a human longer than a minute or more. A young girl who can never engage in sex ever again. That would drive me insane."

Jack smirks as Ruby dares to look into his eyes. Her emotions growling at her words. Just last night after her own bath Ruby felt like tempting Jack by waltzing through in her towel. He never pursued her flirtations and in a sense she was glad. That merely led her to take care of her own personal needs.

"You two need to stop eye balling each other and admit ya'll got feelings." Greta shivers noting their connection.

Jack raises a brow, "This isn't about us Kansas. Go get with James. Let him do a blood test and see what that Dragon did to your chemical make up."

Ruby pauses, "1800's. Have you ever even had a physical? Blood drawn?"

"Blood drawn? What?" Greta tenses up.

"Calm down. It's painless." Jack insists.

"Let me contact James." Ruby touches her collar igniting an image of James Ian setting on his gravity bed preparing to open the hard bound book that Cam had passed off the week earlier.

"What's up Ruby?" James sits up straight as Ruby's hologram appears before him.

"Greta needs your attention. That Komodo Dragon that Mal killed? The invisible one. We think Greta inhaled something from the Dragon. Her body becomes invisible off and on. She's having a hard time coping."

James sets his book aside with an excited expression, "Invisible Woman. Heck yeah."

Jack narrows his gaze, "Kid? Stop trying to make us all superheroes."

"How am I doing that? Other than you maybe. Everyone else is doing an awesome job on their own. Bring her to my lab. Meet you in a few."

Hologram fading Greta whines, "Now I'm seeing James out of thin air. Ya'll saw that right?"

"It's called a hologram. Our century tech. Relax." Ruby winks. Standing up she helps Greta to her feet and guides her toward the door. Arm around her shoulder. Passing Jack Ruby smiles sheepishly at him. He in turn nods lightly. Then pats her butt in passing.

"Owed you that." He grins.

Ruby tried not to think about his softening state.

Eleven miles out Malcolm and Sophia were pushing themselves. Chuckling about, "I'll race you to that dune." Which led to an energetic sprint that felt right. Malcolm's body had become accustomed to the apple within. Feeding on it whenever he needed a boost of adrenalin. His limbs rejoicing at the exercise.

Sophia in her new body never tired. Her capabilities always wanting to be put to the test. Strength, invulnerablity, light refraction, senses in hyper tune, touch destructive as necessary. What else could she do? Her speed thus far left Malcolm in the dust. She was doing Cheetah speed. 60 mph at least.

Her Mother Madigan Ridge also had zero trouble keeping up. Her ghostly form appearing in front of both of them as if teleporting. She merely wanted to stay ahead of them. No true idea how that was even possible. It just was.

Reaching the dune first Sophia halted and jumped up and down. Her breasts lively and excited. Nipples like missiles ready to fire.

"Hurry up slowpoke." She taunts Malcolm who had kept up at maybe 40 mph. He was still learning his own newfound limits. The apple was amazing. He just hoped it would keep the Doctor away.

Without even breathing heavy Malcolm reaches the Ridge family and shakes his head. Looking at two naked women was a struggle. Worse yet, Mal noticed Maddy with a glint in her spectral gaze. Almost as if emotions were fighting to express. After their strange almost sexual encounter the night before he worried that Madigan had grown feelings for him. Though ironically deceased the woman was far from dead. Having been reborn for mere minutes the tumble over on top of each other in their colossal size did get a little too intimate. He was a man of honor. She was married to a General. Respect meant everything.

Sophia circles Malcolm with her hands on her hips almost sizing him up when something catches her eye. Halting to narrow her eyes amid the sand dunes she focuses her eyes zooming in as if using binoculars. Another new trick she praised her little parasitic pals for.

"Over there. I see something covered by sand. Barely visible. That huge ass sand dune." She points.

Turning to follow her lead Malcolm drops his jaw, "That's a Freighter. Holy crap. If it has a cargo we could find all kinds of useful things. Let's go digging."

"Can we dig under sand without burying ourselves?" Sophia questions trailing behind Mal.

"You probably can. If you can breath underwater I doubt sand can suffocate you. Your strength can easily burrow in and out."

"I love when you talk dirty to me." Sophia giggles. Her Mother wincing at her comment.

"Keep it real. Let's go treasure hunting." He growls.

"I got treasure up here." She taunts touching her pussy as she walks.

"PIPER SOPHIA!" Madigan bellows causing both Mal and Sophia to hold their ears. Her Mother tired of Sophia's sexual prodding.

"I'm not apologizing Mom. I got needs and I can't help it. Not as if I can act on it. At least give me my own fantasies."

Mal turns swiftly and points at both of them.

"Let me make this clear. General Ridge was a good man. Is a good man. I respect him. Both of you need to as well. Honor him."

Madigan stares with reality seeping in. He was right. She needed to curb her thoughts. Sophia? Not so much. She was a rebel.

"Dad's not here. I love him but I'm a grown woman. I'll do whatever I want. I'm only expressing what I feel in the moment. My pals have amped up my hormones so everyone needs to understand that. It's hard enough not just taking what or who I want. I resist. Be thankful."

Mal shakes his head and throws a hand up. He was already tired of arguing.

Marching onward they reach the edge of the massive dune. Sizing up the struggle to excavate the Freighter Mal looks for options. Only it's towers and a thin portion of its Bow stood revealed.

"This is going to prove a challenge." Madigan assesses.

"Want me to start digging until I find China?" Sophia hisses.

Mal ponders on something that hit him after talking to Cam about He and Madigan's experimentations. Squinting he leers at Maddy.

"Want to try those Runes again?"

She merely tries to comprehend his thoughts.

"Are you thinking of using the powers to get us access to the Freighter?"

"Can't hurt to try. Right?"

Maddy eyes Sophia. She had not witnessed her ability to be reborn. This could be traumatic. On both of them. Her daughter seeing her in flesh and blood once more. Madigan herself being able to hug her daughter. If that was even possible without her parasites devouring her.

She had to try.

"I cannot recall which Rune was which. Do you remember?"

"I think so. I'll let you know."

Sophia looks stunned, "What?"

Before their eyes Malcolm strips his clothing off then prompts his body to grow. Stepping away Sophia admires his physique as his body reches 40 feet tall. Deciding to try higher he achieves 60 feet. 70. 100. Then stops. He needed to be able to see their smaller forms.

Towering above her, Sophia looks straight up between his legs. Whistling at his massive scrotum and tree trunk of a cock. The glowing runes mesmerizing her.

"Too big for this vagina." She chuckles.

Madigan ignores her daughter and rises up to float in front of Malcolm's face. His hand rising to safeguard her once she touches him and becomes tangible. Eying Madigan the giant notes her demeanor.

"Ready for this?"

"I worry what Sophia might think." She emotes as best she can, "Yes. Help me recall what we can use."

"Well. We know the size rune is in a bad place. I think wind. Maybe we can generate a tornado or something and focus it at the sand. Blast it away enough to grab what we can find. Bound to be containers on a Freighter."

"Alright. Should I touch your forehead first?"

"Do it."

She reaches out and touches his brow with her spirit hand. Solidifying instantly Madigan Ridge again became a living breathing woman. Dropping into his palm as her weight increase. He then crouched carefully and brought his hand to the ground. Face to face with Sophia. 

"Whoa! Mom?" Sophia drops her jaw.

Without so much as a care Sophia leaps high into Malcolm's palm to reach her Mother. Her acidic skin not even effecting Malcom's stone hard form. Another bit of good news. Uncaring Madigan darts forward throwing her arms around her daughter. Sophia concerned about hurting her Mom yet smiled and held her back. Tears fell on both their faces. 

"I'm not burning you. Either of you." Sophia realizes. Counselling her parasitic friends they convince her that they were honoring her and resisting any hunger traits. Once the women pull away Sophia laughs.

"Better paddle my ass while you can."

Madigan chuckles, "Just learn to behave. I love you Piper."

"I love you too Mom. This is weird."

"It is. I might not have much time. I revert back to a ghost in no time." She looks up at Mal, "Wind was your right calf correct? I think it was."

She hops to the sand along with Sophia. Walking around Mal's colossal leg. Too high for her too reach Maddy looks at Sophia.

"Throw me up to his calf rune?"

"Yay! I get to abuse Mommy."

Gently picking Madigan up Sophia does her best to aim well. Launching her Mom 12 feet up until reaching the rune. Madigan slaps her palm over it and feels her body become weightless. Not becoming a ghost but living air flow. Once consumed fully she uses the air around her to fly skyward and generate the wind into a ruckus.

Below Sophia hides behind Mal's foot to avoid the sand around them whipping about. Sophia was amazed by her Mother's comprehension of her new body. Utilizing its power source as if she had used it her entire life. The brewing forces meant that Sophia had to seek new shelter. Dragging her body along Mal's body she relocates between his toes and digs in.

Mal above stood up to face Maddy. Noting her hair wild and ripping about. Strong in body as if hardened air. He worried that at any minute she might switch back. 

Regardless, her work was inspiring. Hurling gale force winds in funnels of compressed air that slammed hard against the dunes and ship alike. The weight of the ship resisting. The sand vanishing out of torment. The dune from top to mid section was blowing off and outward revealing more and more of the chained down cargo containers. Hundreds of them. Each could contain anything.

As the Bow stood revealed so did the ships name, "Papa Noel". Malcolm knew it was a form of Spanish meaning Santa Claus. How very fitting.

Exhausting her time as a Wind Goddess Madigan Ridge switched back to her ghostly form. Drifting lifelessly amid the calming winds. Once the winds subside she lowers her body in front of Malcolm.

"That was so much fun. I felt like a Goddess."

"That was pretty incredible Maddy." He roars.

Down at Malcolm's feet Sophia stands up shaking off the sand that had covered both she and Mal's feet up to his ankles. Turning her attention skyward she spots the uncovered ship. Then, her Mother gliding downward to greet her daughter.

"Don't even try calling me a Wind Bag." Maddy smiles at Sophia.

"Mad respect Mom. That was remarkable. Why can't you stay normal?"

"I don't know. I am just glad I can have even moments with you Sweetheart."

"Me too." Sophia pouts, "I'll take what I can get."

Mal clears his throat thunderously, "Move away from my feet before I step on you."

Sophia runs out about eighty feet away giving Malcolm room to maneuver. Watching as his colossal frame grips containers carefully and breaks their binds. Hoisting ten of them to the ground without effort. His strength was enormous.

Sophia grumbles, "He should just grow big enough to carry the whole ship."

"He does not know his limits. Let him learn on his own. We should be thankful we have resources."

"Right. I'll pop open these containers and see what we have."

"Perhaps we should haul them home first. Let everyone open our gifts as a family."

Sophia pauses, "The ship is called Santa Claus. You're right."

Satisfied with ten containers Malcolm halts and plans his next strategy. Acruing large lengths of chain he wraps the containers together and gives himself enough length to drag them home. With a strong tug at his 100 foot height Mal heads for home.

Sophia hopped on top and caught a ride after grabbing his clothing and back pack.

"On Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen. Love your Rudolph." In the distance he heard Sophia calling out.

He had to chuckle. Rudolph was obviously his pecker. It was in the lead.

Luckily the desert gave in without ruining their travel.

He would be back through out the night for more. Three trips total. Twenty containers in three trips. He had zero issues with maintaining his size. Stronger, more energetic than ever. 

"Thank you Johnny Appleseed."