 During Malcolm's salvage run which took all day and night. The rest of the Survivor's dealt with issues closer to home. 

Within the confines of the lab James Ian Pryce designated his Doctor's Office he looked over Greta Winston. Holding herself together as Ruby leans against the wall beside them watching. There to comfort Greta in her time of need.

"Temperature is normal. Unless you turn invisible. I'd be curious to know if it hides your core temp." James stood curious. Utilizing a medical kit from their downed Hercules airplane that they had lived through, he carefully checks her heart rate. Greta nervous that he was so close to her breasts.

"Heart rate sounds good." He then tests her blood pressure using a cuff. Greta marveling at the squeezing on her bicep. It was freaking her out. In her era BP cuffs didn't exist until twenty years after her departure into this world.

"Pressure is 125 over 82. Almost perfect." He sets everything aside then retrieves a syringe like device belonging to the Ganthorian's. Thoroughly sanitary he lifts her arm and ties off her blood flow with a band. Tapping her vein Greta winces.

"We really gotta do this?"

"Relax. I won't hurt you." James sheepishly smiles, "Tiny sting. Hold your breath."

Pricking her vein he draws enough blood to sample. Removing the needle Greta shivers.

As soon as her pulse rate increases her body fades away. Wearing clothing only, that was all that were visible to James and Ruby.

"So cool." James brightens up, "Let me check your temp again. He primes a thermometer up to where her lips should be, "Ummm! I don't want to poke an eye out. Hold this end under your tongue."

Her invisible hand places it in her mouth. The end masked by her closed lips. Counting down James removes it and looks at it with surprise.

"No temp at all. It's like when you go invisible your body goes cold." He ponders the moment, "Reptiles are cold blooded. I think you adopted that trait from the Komodo. Try and stay invisible."

James races into an adjoining room and brings back a thermal imager. Looking through it he doesn't see a heat signature until her hand reverts to normal. Then heat exposes itself.

"Okay. When tangible you heat up on the outside. When invisible your heat is within the enclosure of your flesh. Very cool."

"I feel warm inside when I'm see through." Greta admits.

"Any stomach pains? Cramps?"

"Cramps. Might be having my woman thing sometime soon." She mutters.

"Natural."

Hearing this Ruby creases her brow. Her own period was all over the place. Going two months without before rearing its ugly head. She hadn't had her own since crashing here. Something she was dreading. 

"Okay. I see nothing wrong with you other than the obvious. All you can do is learn to control it. Living with it as long as it sticks around. It might be temporary. Might be long term. No idea. I'll test your blood and let you know more later." He lifts his palm, "That will be $200 for your visit. Grab a lollipop from my nurse. If he hasn't eaten them all. Candy not so good for dogs."

Greta returns to normal once more and sighs loudly, "I reckon I can be a Magician's assistant. Now ya see me, now ya don't."

Ruby smirks, "Was that term around in the 1800's?"

"Sure it was. Ain't you heard of Peek-a-boo?"

"Hmmm! I figured that might be a trademark of Houdini or something." Ruby shrugs.

"Who? Deeny?" Greta winces dumbfounded.

"A magician. Born a year after you vanished. 1874. Died in 1926." James geeks out.

Knocking on the door to the lab enters Cameron Scott. He frowned and looked slightly intrusive.

"Greta okay?" He looked concerned.

"I'm fine." Greta shrinks.

"I just wanted to apologize. What happened was weird for both of us. I swear I wouldn't have--you know--if I had known."

"I slipped. Weren't your fault. I tried to hide this ailment from Ya'll. Now ya'll know."

Ruby pats Cam on the shoulder then steps around him. James headed into the next room. Leaving the awkwardness to those it concerned.

"I'm here for you Greta. Hands behind my back. I swear." He confides.

"Thank ya Cameron. No fun in that less you're heading to the gallows." Greta jests.

"Let's hope not. Friends?"

She hops down from her examination table and rolls her sleeve down. Moving toward him her body quickens its pulse. Her body turning invisible once again. Seeing only her clothing made Cam crease his brow. He jumps as her hand grabs his crotch.

"Only fair. You pawing me up an all. Unlady like as that was. " He hears.

"I deserved that." He chuckles.

"Time to check on my babies." She leaves him standing with an unbelieving expression.

"Calm down!" He pats his stimulated erection.

Not today.

Jack stood outside when Malcolm and the Ridges returned with their first load of Freight containers. Having watched their gigantic dust cloud coming closer from miles away. He was in awe of Malcolm's increased size. The containers dragging behind even more amazing.

Stopping with his load fifty yards of their garden perimeter Mal drops his chains and slowly shrinks back to normal. Standing nude until Sophia kicked his back pack off the roof of the containers. He swiftly got dressed as Jack approached.

"Mother lode it looks like." Jack grins.

"Argentine Freighter about ten or so miles out. Covered in sand dunes. We brought home Christmas presents. I'll go back for more and see what we have."

"Good job, Sargent."

"Thank you Sir." He salutes Jack.

Sophia hops down from the steel containers and steps over to Jack.

"Mom felt up Malcolm. She turned human. Then into a wind Goddess. Way cool."

Jack notes Madigan drift down to join them.

"I wish my transition would remain. I loved the feeling of being alive again."

Jack nods, "Nothing in this world could shock me after all we've been through. Let's call a group meeting and open our presents."

He then reaches up to his throat collar and activates a holographic image of James and Ruby. Divided images from two angles. 10 o'clock and 2 o'clock.

"Malcolm's back. Have everyone come outside."

The two join forces and round up the stragglers. Ruby meeting Cam and Greta in the halls. James finding Elle exercising with one of her hydraulic spears whirling it about like a Ninja baton twirler. All followed each other outside to gather around the containers.

Sophia took the initiative and darted to the first of ten. Busting open the rusty locks with little effort. Creaking the doors open revealed an immediate surprise.

"Are those mattresses?"

Everyone laughs at Ruby's disbelief. Sure enough the container was full of plastic covered bed mattresses and box springs. Their joy became cheers. Now they didn't have to rely on the Ganthorian gravity beds they were forced to curl up inside to fit. They were off to a good start.

Second crate opens up to another huge shocker. Cam especially looking toward Heaven with a thankful pose. He wanted to cry.

"Tequila! There is a God." He races to hug the boxes. There was enough Tequila there to keep him drunk well into his 80's.

"Slow down, Boozer." Elle chuckles, "Save some for the rest of us."

Greta ignores Elle and moves in using her hunting knife to open a case. Grabbing two bottles she raises them in the air, "This cowgirl is gonna drown her sorrows."

Cam puckers, "I think I'm in love."

Greta winks at him then lifts her foot up to collide her boot with Cam's ass. Everyone had to laugh. It was good to see Greta smiling.

As Sophia opens the third container which she dramatically drags from its procession. Her strength remarkable. Within was something less exciting. A collage of various things ranging from mousetraps to bird baths. The only thing truly useful being charcoal and grills. Flimsy lawn chairs.

Moving on Jack stops Sophia opting to test his own strength in moving the container sideways in the dirt to reach its doors. It was easy to see who was stronger. Sophia hands down.

Busting the lock Jack guides the doors open narrowly. He peeks in before anyone else and shakes his head. Tilting toward everyone he growls, "Why do we need a boat load of Rubik's Cubes?"

As everyone rolls there eyes he tosses the doors wider. Within were things more personal.

"Bar soap. Shampoo. Conditioner. Baby oil." Ruby becomes giddy then groans as she lifts a bottle of shampoo from a case. It had been here so long the ingredients had dried up.

James chuckles, "Just add water and shake it up. Super models I swear."

Throwing the bottle at James he dodges it. Xander gives chase and bats it about playfully. It was a joyous day.

The remaining containers consisted of items like Paper supplies. Broken China. Salsa records, mixed among a few Classical albums. No record players however to play them on. Indian blankets of ornate braiding. Still something to cover up with. Itchy as they would be. Or roll up into a pillow.

To Cam's delight cases of Baked Beans. Expired by 50 years but still a fun sight to behold. Except for Sophia. She could munch on them forever and never pass gas. Car mufflers didn't help anyone either. Neither did the lava lamp collection. Nor the cases of World Atlas's that meant nothing on this world. Besides they were Rand-McNally's 1975 edition. At least they all felt closer to home.

The final of the first ten containers catches them off guard. 

Everyone drops their jaw and whistles.

Mal shivers at the sight, "That is just plain sexy."

Cam moves in for a better look, "That's a 1971 Dodge Charger. I just shot my load."

"Purple?" Ruby winces.

"Oh, don't you put down, Hendrix." Cam glares standoffish, "Daddy loves you Jimmy." He then lays over the dusty hood hugging the car.

"What good is it? Engine won't work in this atmosphere." Jack frowns. He was geeking out himself.

"Hey! At least we can sit in it and feel alive. I'm going to wax you up soon Jimmy. Daddy is gonna take good care of you."

Greta eyes the car, "I prefer ole Quiver."

Cam grins, "One horse." Pointing toward her pet in the energy pen. Then turns his point toward the car, "426 Hemi producing 425 horses." 

"425 horses? Where they hiding?" She looks boggled.

Laughter filled the air. Today was good. 

As everyone grabbed the supplies they each desired Mal pulled Jack aside. 

"I'm going back for more tonight. Seeing everyone's face light up is just what we needed. Probably a good two hundred containers left out there. Who knows what's in them."

"Let's not clutter our world here with steel containers. How about we line these up as a wall for defense. Never know what we could encounter later down the line."

"Sound plan. Have Sophia do the damage there. Keep her busy. I'll do the long hauls."

"Done. Hey?" Jack stops Mal's retreat, "Find me a 67 Mustang."

Both men chuckle, "After I locate my Caddy."

"Go big. Less chance of anything attacking you in the dark."

"I'll take Maddy with me. She can keep me company."

Jack nods. He noted the bond they were establishing. Her being able to touch him and making her human had him worried. For both their sakes.

Greta was still looking for the other horses.