 Burning the late night oil in the form of his Lightning bug jar James Ian Pryce finally settles back with the hard bound book Cameron Scott had brought back over a week ago. Never seeming to find the time to look it over. One thing after another calling him away. He wanted to dig in due to being a History buff. This book looked ancient. Yet, well preserved. Probably due to the time of its arrival here. For all anyone knew that ship could have landed on this desert a year or three ago. The sands obscuring it for the most part.

Xander asleep on the floor below snoring James smiled then brought the book into his lap. Sitting in a new mattress they had obtained through the Freighter containers Malcolm Brand brought home. So much more comfortable than a gravity bed.

"Okay. Here we go." He unlocks the bound book and opens the cover. Wearing his translation collar allowed him to read any known languages. A huge help in cases like this.

Scanning the first page he notes the book as Chinese. In it's oldest dialect. 

"Archaic Chinese. Qin Dynasty. 221 B.C." He murmurs, "Wow! This was from the first Emperor. Qin Shi Huang. Too cool."

Digging in page after page he realizes something quick.

"This is the equivalent to the Egyptian Book of the Dead. Spells. Tales of the Underworld. Gods. Demons. Yikes! Vampires." He swallows dryly, "Yeah, sleeping with the bug zapper on. Again."

Continuing he learns the secrets of the Emperor and his secret army of Supernatural Guardians.

"Whoa! His Terracotta Warriors were once real people. Turned into statues of the undead by sorcery. Made to appear as if hand made. The ship Cam found this book on was sailing away to a new realm to hide this book from the dark forces plaguing China. If the book got into the wrong hands it could release a plague of evil that would overtake humanity."

Thirty pages in he finds information on the Great Wall. It was built not only to ward off Barbarian hordes, but demons that inhabited the Barbarians. Mystical boundaries that not even Vampire's could cross. Who knew?

It dawns on him something that gives him the chills. Cam had run into a woman outside one night. A beautiful would he referred to as Sabbath Black. She didn't harm him, nor had she returned since that fateful night. Was she a Vampire? Maybe she was looking for this book. Absorbed James continues on. Reaching a list of Warriors upon the ship. The Emperor had appointed Captain Kong Zao to defend the book at all cost. Obviously he failed somehow. James recalls Malcolm mentioning skeletons on the ship. Maybe they died there guarding it. Feeling this place would be a safe hiding place due to its lifeless nature.

He would tie everything together later. There was a lot more to read. Reaching ancient spells he skips over them. Fearful they might create a curse if spoken. Instead looking over maps and the Emperor's own words. It was a privilege to examine the man's thoughts.

Designs for Imperial cities. Locations of battles. Hordes of gold. Temples. Even mystical weapons. Schematics for everything. Even fighting techniques. 

Discovering a drawing of the sword next to him he switches his gaze back and forth between the story of it and the blade itself. Edgy over it's powers he reaches out and without touching the blade itself glides his palm over it. In his mind's eye he could envision hundreds of deaths at it's appetite. Hearing screams of souls held captive within. As his palm passes over it's shimmering blade it turned from glinting bronze to blood red. Fading as his hand regressed.

"Sick." He mutters shivering, "The sword is called Soul Collector. It holds captive those souls guilty of treason and murder. The hero Kong Zao used it at the Emperor's protection. Wonder why he abandoned the sword? We may have to go back and check out that site. Could be Cam and Mal missed something."

"Amulet! Whoa! That was what they brought back. The one Elle buried outside somewhere." He begins delving into it's history, "The Blood Stone. It holds a great evil within. Kong Zao was entrusted with it to hide away never allowing the great evil to be released. Death would consume the world. Yikes. It did try to drink blood from Cam's cut. It must still be imprisoned. Good. We don't need any more problems to deal with. Things are finally looking up for us. Let's hope Malcolm brings more salvageable goods from that Freighter. Let's hope for can's of dog food Xander." He looks at his unresponsive pup. James couldn't set the book aside. 

Eleven miles out in the light of a full moon stomped Malcolm Brand, striding at a height of 60 feet tall. Beside him adrift on air currents followed Madigan Ridge. Their third trip of the day. Having hauled eight more containers earlier he intended on a final eight of the night. This Freighter was a gold mine in their need to feel closer to home. It was nice to see his friends happy and feeling optimistic over their future here in this deserted world.

Reaching the Freighter Malcolm decided to test a theory. Instead of Madigan touching a rune upon his body. He was going to try it himself. Deciding to increase his size to 150 feet he could easily lean over the ship's hull and claim the containers like picking up model cars. Stacking them neatly on the desert floor. The sands cushioning them.

Darkness loomed the further he reached down. It was then he reaches to his temple and touches the faintly glowing rune. It had turned Maddy into living light the first day in discovering their potential. In holding the rune beneath his fingertip his eyes began to glow and cast a bright glow over the contents within the darkness. 

In doing so a shrill screeching noise erupts from the shadows. Madigan Ridge taking interest and moving closer to Malcolm.

"What is causing that screeching?"

"Dunno. Something alive in there." He bellows.

Removing another container he senses movement. A wave of activity. 

"Bats!" He growls.

Thousands of them storm the sky obstructing his view. Avoiding the light from his eyes. Those that get captured in the lights cascade erupt into flames. Torching in into a pyre of fluttering ashes. Their death howls sounding so very humanlike.

"Are you hearing them?" Maddy leers about. Bats literally passing through her body to escape. One such bat stops and beats its leathery wings. The bat was huge. Almost humanoid. Studying her before flying away, "He knew I was here. Even though I'm a ghost."

"We riled them up. Let's take the five cargo containers I set aside and head back. From here on we come out only during daytime hours. If we leave them alone they leave us be."

"Are you sure? I would swear that bat eye balling me looked human."

"Can't hurt either of us. We have to consider the others though. Jack, Ruby, Cam, Greta, James, and Elle might be at risk if they are humanoid. After that chatter about Sabbath Black and the Amulet dealing with Vampires even I'm edgy."

"I wonder what became of Sabbath?" Madigan pauses. Bats were circling above in the darkness. As if listening. Without fear she decides to launch herself skyward amid the creatures. Feeling deathly eyes weary of her spectral body. A pair of bats moved closer to face her. They indeed had arms and legs. Screeching with a high pitched tone it was easy to tell they were communicating.

Malcolm below ignored them chaining the containers for travel.

"If only I wore a translator collar. Mal in his size doesn't have one either. It's as if they are talking but in a language I don't know. Are you friendly?"

The bats hiss as she reaches out for them and zip away into the night. Leaving Maddy to ponder their motives. Dawn wasn't far away she decided. The bats would need to seek shelter soon. Perhaps they could bring a collar next time. Making friends would be in everyone's best interest. 

"Let's move Maddy." Mal calls into the sky. His eyes returning to normal. At least now he knew he had control over his own runes. He would test more runes another day.

Eight miles East the Moon lit up the desert around the long abandoned carriage that once proudly graced the cobblestone streets of Victorian England. Within the shadows of the carriage sobbing could be heard. 

"Forgive me Lily. I want so badly to help you but I do not know how." Crossed the albino lips of the beautiful Sabbath Black. Hunger gnawing at her in this final resting place. Unwise tears streak her cheeks sizzling as they evaporate. Not of salt but of blood. A loss that she could not risk.

Her thoughts rolling back to home.

Whitechapel England 1857. 

Sabbath and Lilian Black were the daughters of a wealthy member of Parliament. Sir Wallace Black whom served as a Whig and Politician. Social beyond their Father's knowledge the girls paraded not so lady like in society. Visiting Whitechapel at the request of a young man they had met at a ball. A man promising them the time of their life. Magic was in the air. Thrill seeking they joined the young man known as Herbert Quaille. 

Embracing the opportunity to witness a traveling Magician come to town from Wales. Introduced to the charming cad the girls fell prey to his desires. After a delightful exhibition of parlor tricks he mesmerized them. Dinner was rather eventful. Both girls succumbing to a bizarre blood lust. Yet, he decided not to drain them. Choosing to play with his food. Perhaps not of his own decision.

In the days after both girls rose from their debutant days as Vampires. Serving this devil known as....

"There you are My Dear."

Sabbath knew the voice. It had been calling her from miles distant. She rises from the carriage and accepts the waiting hand to escort her down. Before her stood the dark Magician known as Carrington Primross. Long jacket of black barely above the desert sands. White shirt glowing as if fresh off the rack. Bow tie for debonair style. A top hat upon his long raven curls that grace his shoulders. 

"Sir Primross. I find myself at home here."

"But, of course. This is where it all began." He smiles charmingly kissing her hand, "You must not continue running from Mother. She is becoming quite cross."

"Must I care? Why can she not just take what life I possess and free me?"

"Now, My Dear. is that any way to thank her for giving us eternal life?"

"My point exactly. Our life is not life. We died in England at your hands Sir Primross. Both of us. Your Mother brought us to this Godforsaken place. Look how she has treated my sister. What do we have here amongst this world of woe? We walk among crypts. Feed upon lesser creatures that stumble upon our path."

"Without Mother we would starve. This world of woe as you call it full of life. If not in the immediate vicinity. Residing here is in our vested interest. Mother knows best."

He guides her into a waltz without the music. The moon a spotlight upon their feet. Dancing about against her will Sabbath has no choice. His control over her at this moment without waver. 

At the back of the carriage Primross stops to look at his trunk left open and abandoned. Releasing her hands he charges to pilfer through what was once his.

"Have you gone through my belongings Dear Sabbath?"

"I have not. I found it like this." She could not lie. 

Digging deeper he discovers missing items, "My cards. My stage Top Hat. Where are they?" He leaps to his feet and paces about searching. A scent catches his nostrils that makes him twitch, "What have we here?"

Stumbling to the opposite door of the carriage he finds a piece of paper tacked to the carriage. Reading the parchment he scowls before inhaling the paper like a dog. "What have you been hiding?" He winces, "I smell an appetizer."

Haunted she stands immobile awaiting him to move closer. Her feet unable to run. His hold too strong. The note Cameron Scott had left for her along with her diary reeking of flesh and blood. She had been terrified to touch it.

Facing Sabbath, Primross eyes her bulging cleavage. Dangling beneath her dress was the locket she held dear. Pictures of she and Lilian. He rips the chain from her neck and sniffs at it as well.

"You have walked with him? Who would be this gentleman caller that you neglected to bring home?"

She tries not to overt her gaze toward the Ganthorian ship far in the distance. His hold on her leading to betrayal.

Squinting into the darkness he smiles.

"Perhaps an invitation is in order."

"Please Sir Primross."

"Let's."

In a blur he drags her with him. The carriage so very alone.

On board the Ganthorian craft Cameron Scott had rearranged his bedroom. Now fitted with a mattress and things he collected from Malcolm's salvaged containers. He looks for a place to rest a lava lamp that he could never truly use without an outlet for electricity. Noting the retrieved Magician's Top Hat on a table brim up he starts to step toward it. Before reaching it he stops cold in his tracks. 

"Why are you moving?" He narrows his eyes.

Suddenly without warning up pops the head of a black rabbit. The interior of the hat glowing. Jumping back at the sight Cam nearly pissed his pants. The bunny looks at him with red eyes piercing. Exhaling a hiss the rabbit ducks back into the hat. Cam expresses fear, waiting until the hat stops teetering before challenging himself to inspect it.

"Nothing. What was that about?" He knew it had to be one of the rabbits Ruby and James had encountered. Shuffling the hat aside he sets the lava lamp on the table next to it. 

Turning away he prepares to go to bed, turning out his flashlight. Dropping into bed he lays back wondering what the days ahead were going to be like. He knew he was going to detail Hendrix his new car in the morning. Beyond that he had no plans unless Jack had a mission for him.

Just before losing consciousness he becomes aware of a glowing light. Had the rabbit returned?

"Huh! Lava light's working. Reckon the rabbit gave me a present."

Magic was in the air.

Jumping up he uses the hat to cover the lamp. It held no heat.

"Yeah, no sleep tonight."