 "What have we here?"

Carrington Primross holds the beautiful Sabbath Black by her milky shoulders. From a safe distance he spies upon the Ganthorian starship crippled against a ridge. His admiration noting the cattle within a glowing energy pen. He could feel the energy in the air terrorizing his hunger.

A bonfire flares around a stacked array of shipping containers. Sitting near it was Cowgirl Greta Winston and her friend Sargent Elle Franklin. Blood coursing through their veins calling out to both Vampires. Resistance difficult.

"Well done Dearest Sabbath. Mother will be pleased."

Sabbath says nothing. Her expression cold and empty. She had no concern now. She knew it was hopeless to persuade Primross from his objective. Sustenance through Mother only satisfied their hunger for only so long. They had not fed in weeks.

"Lovely ladies. Shall we go say hello?" Primross winks tipping his hat over a blood red gaze.

Leaving her side Primross defies gravity and speeds to the two women in silence. Standing behind them. He could hear their pulse like a raging river. Yet, his ego required an introduction.

"Is this not a welcomed sight? A fire to warm what ails?" He speaks loudly. Both women jumping at his unexpected entrance. To his beguiling grin he faces a poised hydraulic javelin and a Winchester rife primed to cut him down.

"Where did you come from?" Elle responds defensively.

"South Wales. Yourself?" He removes his hat bowing.

Elle eyes his pale complexion, "America. Stay right where you are."

"But of course. I mean you no harm. Merely a weary traveler in search of food and shelter." He realizes the dawn approached. He would need to move quickly.

"Spare a meal? A drink perhaps?"

Greta tosses him her canteen of filtered water. He in turn lets it hit the ground. Without glancing at it.

"Something a bit tastier perhaps?"

"Get behind me Greta." Elle warns.

"I'm good. He gets too feisty I'll unload buckshot."

"I said get behind me. Stop being a badass."

Elle touches her collar forcing Primross to admire her throat. Diamond attired he smiles.

"So very shiny."

Before him a hologram appears in the form of Jack Ramse. Primross reacts with curiosity, "Ah, illusion. I must admit respect for I too am a Magician."

Jack responds to Elle, "What's wrong Elle?"

"Intruder, Jack. Better get down here."

"Yes, Jack. Do come say hello."

Down the ramp comes Jack Ramse in his boxers followed by Sophia Ridge whom he had asked to join them from the hallway. Safer in numbers and power set. Sophia storms past Jack in her own protective matter. Her tiny microscopic friends warning her of danger.

"Sophia, wait!" Jack wasted his breath. 

"Hi Stud. I'm Sophia. It's a pleasure." 

Racing right up to the Vampire she stops cold hands on her hips. Chest bouncing before his eyes. Her skin unlike anything he had ever sensed. Something about her troubled him. 

"The pleasure is mine. A lovely young lady indeed."

"Aww! You're going to make me blush. Welcome to our humble home." She moves closer with her arms outstretched as if awaiting a hug. He realizes her heartrate is different than everyone else and steps back.

"Forgive me. I too have my guard up."

"All good. Just being sociable. I just figured you might be lonely like I am." She coyly grins trying to coax him in.

"Lonely indeed. Another time perhaps."

Jack steps closer Glock in hand, "Who are you?"

"Carrington Primross. At your service." He bows removing his hat. Never once taking his eyes off of them.

"He's so cute." Sophia attempts to charm the fellow. Batting her eyes at Primross. As much as he desired to feed he maintained his poise. The Magician that he was swiftly pulling an array of fake flowers from beneath his cuff. 

"For you." He offers Sophia.

"Back away Sophia." Jack advises.

"I don't think so Jack. I love getting flowers." She dances in step reaching out to claim the floral arrangement. The second she accepts it the flowers are withered and devoured into her palm, "Oopsie! My boys got jealous."

Primross noting her damage done steps back in favor of another candidate. His lust brewing by the moment.

"For the record." Jack points his gun, "None of us will go down easy. If you're what I think you are."

Primross lifts his palms to calm his prey, "A simple Magi I am."

"Your skin tone tells us different." Jack counters, "Sun will be up in an hour. Willing to stick around until then as a show of faith?"

With a loud sigh Primross summons Sabbath from hiding in the dark near the storage containers. Mentally she is forced to step into the open. The sight of her forcing Jack to tense up. How many others might be out there he questions.

"Sabbath?" Elle narrows her eyes, "Cam told us of you. Are you alright?"

The pale beauty shuffles forth next to Primross and merely nods. Fear in her eyes. Primross reaching out to pull her to his side. 

"Have no fear Dear Sabbath. This fine fellow will not harm you." He grins toward Jack.

In turn Jack sneers, "Don't underestimate me." 

"Nor you me My Good Man."

Mental commands order Sabbath to run interference. With a look of sadness the English diva flashes in a blur of speed toward the cattle pen. Literally leaping over the static curtain to enter the cows. The small herd reacting in a panic.

Greta cries out giving chase when Sophia joins her to keep her safe. Amid the shock Jack fires shots at the feet of Primross. The cad merely smiling at his attempt at bravado. "Oh, Dear! Now you have hurt my feelings. I so wished to become fast friends." Primross in a maddening dash of velocity grabs Jack's gun hand and his throat. To his surprise Jack reaches up and grabs Primross around the neck as well. Presuming Jack to be an easy target he soon realizes the Man's strength. Eyes flaring at his tightening fingers.

"Nice try Lugosi." Jack and Carrington stagger in the dirt. Giving Elle a chance to move in behind Primross. Reaching out with both hands she surrounds the Vampire's waist. 

Hissing at his captors Primross suddenly feels strange.

"What have you done?" Before Jack's eyes he witnesses Carrington Primross turn from pale white back into a familiar shade of flesh tone. Carrington losing his inner strength and his hunger subsiding.

"For the record Ripper. I have a healing touch. If I'm not mistaken you Sir are back to being a living breathing human being. Thank me later." Elle releases him and moves back retrieving her thin spear from its stance in the dirt. 

Primross trembles and softens his features. Jack sensing his change releases the Man's throat. In turn Primross gives up on his own grips. In favor of studying his hands and pulse.

"I do not know what to say." Carrington sways with a refreshing glint of inhaling oxygen. He had no reason to breath before now.

Jack still maintains his target, gun poised just in case.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the static fence Greta and Sophia opened a thin sliver of curtain to enter. Within they find Sabbath on her knees praying. The shock leaving Greta speechless.

"Forgive me. I had no control over myself. Sir Primross is my maker. I must obey him. If not I would run far away and live out my days." Sabbath pleads as Sophia steps closer to her. Greta lowering her Winchester. 

"She ain't harmed my critters." Greta points out. Her cows hugging the net nervously on the far end.

"I sense your power." Sabbath peers up at Sophia, "Please end my existence before I can harm any of you. I can feel Sir Primross lose his hold on me. Freedom even for a moment is precious."

Uncertain what to do Sophia resists touching her, "Not today."

"The sun rises shortly. I will end my own life then."

Sophia eyes the sky, "You don't deserve this. My little friends are like lie detectors. They tell me you're not so bad. Unless controlled. Let us help you."

"I fear you cannot." Sabbath pauses feeling something tugging at her thoughts. Primross had returned.

Outside the pen the Magician sighs and lets Jack and Elle observe his flesh returning to its pale complexion, "Mother calls I am afraid. Another night." 

Jack pumps him full of lead to no avail. Primross healing instantly from his wounds. Elle charges him spiking her spear through his abdomen. He merely blows her a kiss and propels Elle into the cargo containers as if nothing. Weightless to his strength. Removing and discarding the hydraulic spear.

"I offer my thanks for a fond memory of days past. Know that you will all die very soon."

Primross starts to turn when he gets caught off guard. Before him floated Madigan Ridge. "Hello." Madigan grimaces.

"Egad! A ghost. Friend or foe?"

"Foe I am quite certain."

With a smirk Primross steps through her and vanishes into the night. Leaving Sabbath to her fate. Within the pen Sabbath loses control becoming a hissing hungered predator. In a blur snatching up a cow and sinking her revealed fangs deep into it's artery drinking. Sophia had no idea what to do. She knew the woman had no control over her bloodlust. Regardless Greta Winston shot the woman from the side. The bullet unfortunately killing her beloved cow. 

Sabbath having fed for even such a short time stands and offers a glare of sadness. Blood drooling from her pale lips. Tears of blood circulating from her eyes. Wound healing Sabbath leaps back over the fence directly in front of Elle Franklin.

"Hey Beautiful. Red's not your color." Elle clutches the woman's wrist. Like Primross Sabbath Black reverts back to human. Her fleshly hue creating amazement. She feels air fill her long abandoned lungs. Her pulse returning. Even her eye sight changing from animalistic black and white to brilliant colors.

"God forgive me." Sabbath collapses to her knees as Elle maintains her grip.

Jack steps to her. Gun poised toward her skull.

"Jack? Don't." Elle pleads her case.

His steely gaze knowing he should end her life out of pity he agrees. Glock lifted away Jack see's the sun lift up on the horizon.

"If you let her go she turns back. Sun fries her I'm guessing. Either way she's toast."

Sabbath bawls her eyes out as she hears another gunshot. Greta had put her cow out of its misery. As the rays of the sun filters over the land Sabbath looks up and smiles. It had been so very long since seeing the sun rise. Feeling its warmth. Sabbath Black felt undeserving yet wanted to live.

A shadow emerges over them, blocking the sun. All eyes rise to the sky to see Malcolm Brand lowering a hand above them. Within his hand an opened cargo container. Jack quickly realized what he was doing. As directed by Madigan he was creating a shelter for Sabbath. 

"You have a giant?" Sabbath looks up in shock.

"We have lots of things. I'm going to release you. Eventually you will resume your Vampirism state. My friend up there is putting you in a temporary shelter against the sun. I promise you we will discover a way to help you."

Tears continue as Elle releases her wrist and steps back. The shadow of darkness surrounds Sabbath. She would rest in the gloom of her prison. Thankful for their concern. Her lust returning. Her skin white and lifeless.

Elle joins Jack, "She could dig out after dark."

Jack nods as Ruby and Cam exit the Ganthorian craft to congregate with their friends. Awaiting them Jack adds his own thoughts on the matter.

"Pardon the pun but I hope this doesn't come back to bite us. Cam?"

The pilot yawns unaware of what had occurred outside of hearing gunshots.

"Here's your night visitor. Sabbath. She's a Vampire." He pats the container, "She stays in there for her safety and ours."

"Sabbath Black?" Cam drops his jaw and steps to the container touching it with both hands.

Within Sabbath hears his voice and touches the interior of the steel cargo container. She could feel his heartbeat just on the other side.

"Bless you for caring." She calls from within.

"I'm sorry things had to go this way. Did you find your Diary?" Cam sighs sad at her fears. "Yes. Thank you. You should not have left it. This was how Sir Primross discovered you. I tried hard to hide you from him. He will come after me tonight. Mother will send others to help him."

"Mother?" Cam looks back at Jack and Ruby.

"Yes. The Queen of Vampires. The oldest of our kind. That resides here. She searches for--" Her voice halts as a strangling overcomes her. Nothing more could be heard. From the distance Sabbath Black had been silenced. Her thoughts read by the collective. Mother had scolded her.

"Sabbath?" Cam worries.

Beside Cam Madigan drifts through the containers molecules and appears before Sabbath Black. She quickly realizes the girls predicament. Sabbath clutching her throat and motioning her inability to speak. It was easy to grasp her warning.

"You have been silenced?" Maddy tilts her head.

Sabbath nods and points to the desert in the direction of the Freighter. Madigan then pondered the events of Malcolm's salvage run.

"Bats! Humanoid bats. We encountered them at an Argentinian Freighter. Were they Vampires?"

Sabbath acknowledges with fluttering eyes. Bloodshot tears oozing from beneath. "Is the Freighter the Mother's home?"

Negative reactions enlighten Madigan. Sabbath could say no more. Eyes rolling back into her head. As if possessed Sabbath stands tall facing Madigan. Her choking dilemma gone. With a dark smile Sabbath's voice changes.

"My child will say nothing further. My son has informed me of your powers. Know this. I am stronger. I am immortal. I am the first born. All will feed my flock. Enjoy my daughter's company for the moment. Tonight brings terror. Until the moon is high."

Released of Mother, Sabbath curls up on the dirt floor weeping. Her voice muted.

Madigan Ridge left her side. Returning through the container into the outside world.

"Jack? Ruby? We must prepare for war. The Queen is sending her children to feed upon you."

Ruby eyes Jack, "I'll warn James. Maybe he can create something short notice to help us."

"Or, we can lock ourselves away inside the Ganthorian ship. They can't get in can they?" Cam tosses out an idea.

"Komodo did. They might get in the same way." Ruby beats Jack in thought.

"What about my cattle?" Greta frets.

"James created that static net. He can create a roof over them and a floor. Box them in and hope they survive. That or we herd them indoors." Jack informs.

Malcolm downsized and in his pants steps forward.

""I'll stand watch. They can't effect me at my huge size. Maddy and I. Sophia maybe."

"That Magician was afraid of me Jack." Sophia peps up.

Cam shrugs, "We all are. Just saying."

Madigan scowls at the Pilot, "That is not true. I do have another idea."

The group listens intently. Lowering her voice so as Sabbath could not hear.

"We know the Freighter has a colony of Vampires living in it. Mal and I can go out there during the day and rip open their isolation. Destroy as many as we can. It at least gives us an advantage."

"Good plan." Jack rubs his chin, "I'll go with you. Bring some explosives. Set aside any containers still on board so that we can utilize their contents. On this world we can't waste anything."

Ruby agrees, "Let's get cracking."

Dispersing the Survivor's strategy was underway.

Within the confines of her prison Sabbath Black hugs her knees in a fetal position.

Mother had made her point. Blood red eyes pierced the shadows. Within her head she hears a soothing voice.

"I would never abandon you Child."

"Thank you Mother."

"Lily says hurry home."

Sabbath offers a saddened glare. Her thoughts simple.

"Soon."