 Well informed by the nights events James Ian Pryce set about planning the safety measures required to battle Vampires. Ruby and Elle by his side as he returns to the discovered armory. There he lurked about for things he could do in a hurry.

"I'll reprogram our defense drones. If I have to I'll send a thousand of these gravity drones out there to buzz the Fangbanger's. The spheres can utilize the gravity around them and drop them like flies." James offers.

"What if there's too many?" Elle wasn't convinced.

"It's something at least." Ruby defends her Ward's idea, "These ion guns useful?"

James shrugs, "Haven't tested them yet. But, seeing as Ions pack electrical charge I'm not sure if they can even be used. I know this might sound terrible but to be safe have Sophia take a couple outside and test fire them. At least if they explode she could survive the backlash."

"Sophia with a gun? Yeesh." Elle groans.

"Better idea?" Ruby raises a brow.

"I'll take a few out to her." Elle obtains two rifles from their lockup and heads out.

"Program any of your drones here to create a static net over and under the cows?"

James puckers, "Over maybe. Under might hurt the cows nervous system."

"Better than nothing. We lost a cow by the way. Sabbath fed on it. Poor girl was mortified by it. She at least has a conscience."

"If you say so. Vampires can't be trusted."

"Expert on Vampires now?" Ruby sighs.

"Actually. Recall that book and sword Cam brought back? A Chinese tome. That boat was taking this book to a safe hiding place. No safer than here I guess. Sword is tricky. It's blade absorbs the souls of the guilty. Those evil and murderous."

"Sword kill a Vampire?"

"Safe bet. But, does a Vampire have a soul? I'm guessing no. Could be wrong though. Elle said she turned Sabbath and the Magician back to human. To do that they must have a bit of light left in them. Strange though that sunlight is taboo."

"Good point. I'll never get used to all this alien, hybrids, vampires, and dinosaurs crap. So much has happened in a short amount of time. Anyways, what else can we use?"

James refers to his hand held tablet computer, "Referencing Vampires. Oh, Elle should solar collect her body. She can fry the Vamps. Sophia's glow might be useful. Malcolm's runes have powers. Maybe you can touch one and absorb powers to help..."

Ruby clamps her hand over his mouth, "Hush! I told you I don't want super powers. James I like being me."

"I know." He nods under her releasing palm, "Sorry."

"Ganthorian records of Vampires are slim. Let me enter things I read in the book and see what changes." He types as Ruby leers over his shoulder. So close her breasts caress his back. James swallows and looks over his shoulder, "Not helping Mom."

Realizing Ruby growls and steps back. She despised being called Mom. Too make matters worse her nipples were entirely too sensitive. Even had he not spoken up she would have moved away. She huffed at her red bangs drifting over her eyes. Period must be close.

"Entered a name I read in the book. Verogo. According to the book Veroga was a dark Angel like the devil cast from Heaven. An Angel that succumbed to a blood disorder that led him to slay other Angels to absorb their light. Chinese book he had different names though. Verogo was the Mesopotamian translation. Meso was the first civilization recorded in History. Supposedly it was there. Modern Iraq, that the Garden of Eden was located. Nobody knows for positive though. We all know how translations get corrupted with each time it gets retold. Monks doctoring religion how they saw fit."

"Careful. I'm Catholic." Ruby wags her finger.

"No comment." He cringes, wanting to tell her more but deciding against it. His theories backed up by his hacking days. Religion very questionable.

"What does this Verogo have to do with us?"

"Well! This Mother you guys keep mentioning I would presume to be Lilith. The first born female. God placed her with Adam until she revealed herself. Verago like Satan was cast to Earth. According to the book of the Living. Dead was used. Verago seduced Lilith and made her his bride. God intervening and casting both out into the world. Safe bet Adam was glad to see her leave."

"Wow! This is all speculation right?"

"Sure you want to know?"

"Dammit! Tell me."

"Vatican archives. Books so evil and dark they keep them hidden in an impenetrable library. Sadly, Priests get silly and use the Internet. I read a bunch of books. Even hacked their cameras to read over their shoulders."

"You are something else."

"So my Parents say. I hope they're okay out there." He sighs trying to keep focus.

"I'm sure they miss you James."

"Ditto."

"So! Verago is the true first Vampire. Is this Mother really Lilith?"

"God might have cast her here. Who are we to question a deity?"

"Right. So where is Verago?"

James grits his teeth, "Only a guess. Remember that amulet Can had?"

Ruby turns pale, "Oh hell. Is he like trapped inside it?"

James shrugs, "It has mystical safeguards in place to mask it from Vampires finding it. Otherwise they would have released him by now. It's buried. Leave it."

"This shit is getting deep."

"No more Ganthorian knowledge of Verago. We're on our own." He grimaces, "Nothing more on Lilith either. I guess even alien geneticists don't know much about God. Or Heaven."

"Alright. Start programming these drones. Army up." She squeezes his shoulder then steps from the armory. Outside in the hallway she spots their resident pup Xander eying the wall where the intangible rabbits had phased through. She walks over as Xander darts his gaze between she and the wall. Whining lightly.

"On bunny patrol?" She kneels beside Xander petting the German Shepard. Fidgeting Ruby reaches out and touches the wall. Nothing. Solid and sturdy. Sighing she rises, "You keep guard. Play nice though."

Walking away she runs into Pilot Cameron Hodge on his way toward the armory.

"Who had the bright idea to give Sophia a gun?"

Ruby shakes her head, "Would you rather risk getting blown apart?"

"Yeah, she can handle a gun. As long as she doesn't eat it. Oh, hey! I saw you crouching there. I didn't have time earlier to tell you but I had a rabbit visit my bedroom. Craziest thing. It popped out of that Top Hat I grabbed from the carriage." He suddenly turns pale, "Oh crap. What if my having the hat inside the craft gives him free entry? I invited the hat and some of Sabbath's dresses. Should we take those outside?"

"Let's." She tenses up at the possibility.

"You think maybe that rabbit was trying to warn me? Us? I mean it had blood red eyes and growled at me. Harmless though. Vanished back into the hat. Oh, and I dunno how but it lit up my lava lamp. Without power. It's still lit up but not even hot. Magic I think." James steps through the armory door, "Did someone say Lava Lamp?"

"Yeah." Cam nods.

With an evil grin James had a plan.

Outside Sophia and Elle set up a target range. Using boulders and the junk metal around the craft. Moving out far enough away to safeguard the remaining cattle. In the distance Greta was digging a grave for her decaying cow. Sophia had carried the 1500 pound Hereford out of the pen for the cowgirl from Kansas.

"I feel sorry for Greta. Losing her cow." Sophia eyes the woman.

Elle lifts a rifle inspecting it, "I'm just glad you didn't eat it in front of her."

"I respect Greta. She's nice. I wouldn't do that. My boys are happy with waste. I've never shot a gun before."

"I've never shot a gun of this caliber. Here! Let me show you the stance and get your sights up." Elle moves behind Sophia then pauses, "Not going to eat my clothes are you? I'm running low. Won't be long I'll be streaking like you and Maddy."

"No. My boys are behaving. Curious even over this gun. They want to see what it does."

"Okay. Here. Butt against your shoulder. Left hand on the stock. Energy chamber at least is slender and not obstructing your sight. Trigger here. Do not squeeze until I'm out of range. I'm tough but even I might not survive an ion detonation. You should."

"I got this. Point, aim, squeeze, boom."

"Right." Elle looked nervous, "I'll be way back there."

Seeking refuse Elle winces. Sophia waited for Elle to give her the go ahead. Once she hears the order to squeeze from Elle, Sophia fires. A thin green beam of energy fires plunging a hole through the boulder without splitting the granite.

"Whoa! Put this on my Christmas list." Sophia jumps up and down.

Elle cautiously returns, "Okay. Try the other gun. Once we know these are good we can arm up Ruby and Cam who don't have powers."

Before Elle could walk away Sophia abruptly points and fires. The gun repeating its siblings performance. Stunned Elle groans, "Couldn't wait for me to get to safety?"

Piper Sophia grins with clenched teeth, "Sorry. My boys took over. I think they want one for Thanksgiving."

Snatching the gun Elle points at Sophia's chest, "Bad parasites. Behave."

Sophia giggles, "They're laughing at you. So am I."

Growling with rolling eyes of diamond reflection Elle Franklin heads back inside. No more target practice. Sophia pouts at her toys loss. Under her breath she murmurs, "You suck."

Noting Greta trying to nudge her cow into the grave Sophia chose to give her another hand. Skipping along like a child until reaching the Cowgirl.

"Let me help."

"Thank ya, Sophia. You've been a big help." Greta watches Sophia lift and hurl the beast into the dirt. Once within the winded Greta Winston begins shoveling dirt over the corpse. "She wasn't Betsy's mom was she?" Sophia looked sad.

"No. Luckily not. Her Momma is Claudette. The big red Hereford. I sure hope James can keep my herd safe. A shame we couldn't eat Beatrice here. James said after a Vampire bite she was probably tainted. I'm sure we could all use beef after so much fish and vegetables."

"No one wants to take your cows from you Greta. Even if we get too hungry. Last resort Jack told us. We respect you a lot." Sophia smiles watching Greta turn invisible as she was shoveling. It made her snicker seeing clothing without a body.

"What are you laughing about?" Greta stops leaning her elbow on the shovel.

"Nothing." Sophia pivots and hops away.

Her suspicion true Greta rolls up a sleeve. Sure enough. Groaning Greta glared at Sophia's hasty retreat.

"Hardy har har!" 

Eleven miles out Jack, Mal, and Madigan returned to the Freighter. Armed with explosives Jack had made from scratch materials aboard the Ganthorian craft they prepared a strategy.

"Alright. Malcolm? Godzilla up and remove every bit of cargo out to a safe distance. Maddy? phase through each container to make certain the Vampires aren't holding up inside. We don't need to haul these bastards back. Once Mal gets this unloaded I'll set up charges over the decks. Bathe these things in sunlight once the floors cave in."

"We sure this will kill them?" Mal grows slowly to 12 feet tall.

"After the detonations I'll have you rip away any hiding places. Let's make this a thorough kill."

Madigan takes the lead as Malcolm continues achieving a helpful height and mass. Flying through container after container. Eighty in all. Convinced none were inhabited she rises up to Malcolm's face. 

"All clear. I'm going to head below deck and learn where our enemy is hiding." She then reports the same below to Jack before swooping away through the hull. Jack was amazed by his friends. A ghost and a colossus. His power nothing compared to theirs. What had his world come to when everyone exhibited strange abilities? 

Stepping out of Malcolm's way Jack observes the containers mounting up quickly. The feat incredible to watch. Within two hours Malcolm had unloaded his cargo. The ship empty they awaited Madigan. She had been gone quite awhile.

Deep within Madigan Ridge had located the Vampire legion slumbering in the recesses of the ship. In her ghostly form she fluttered through silently. Without a sound none of them were disturbed. Counting them she calculated at least sixty Bat like individuals. Emerging up into the Galley she finds skeletons galore. Hundreds of bodies. Some wearing Chinese robes. Others Military uniforms from the 1940's. Various countries.

Moving higher she finds the Captain's quarters. Within was the Captain's corpse holding his log book. She wished that she could obtain it for any valuable knowledge. No such luck in her spectral form. Going up to touch Malcolm and turn human too dangerous of an idea.

Continuing on she discovers the living quarters of the ships crew. It had been torn asunder by what looked like a battle. Sifting through the darkness she hears a stirring. Heavy breathing. In her ghostly form her vision was perfect even in the dark. 

Rounding a mound of rubble and bunks she discovers a sight that stops her cold. If her heart could beat she would feel empathy. Before her chained down on his knees was a giant of a Man. Massive muscles rippling. 

Nude with Roman garments thrown around him. Chest plate with an Eagle emblazoned on it. Leather leggings that looked ribbed. A large helmet with a brush like Mohawk motif. A shattered sword cast about in fragments. 

"Poor soul." She pays her respect. His body was ravaged in bite marks. With a better inspection she realizes his wounds fairly fresh. Floating in front of him she studies his form. 

"This man is alive." She tilts her gaze to see shallow breathing.

Without warning the large man lifts his head weakly, "Help me."

Haunted by his whisper she fears the Vampires hearing him. With a finger to her lips she quiets him. His eyes open wide allowing her to witness a truly remarkable sight. His right eye a brilliant crystal blue. His left eye scarred by what appeared to be a tiny glowing crucifix embedded in his pupil. 

He narrows his straining gaze realizing she was a ghost. Left eye glowing as she drifted there. Suddenly, she felt a tugging of her body. How? In another inexplicable happening, Madigan Ridge became human. Her body dropping the two feet to the floor. Amazed by her sensations she glares over her body.

"How?" She barely mumbles.

"Release me." He pleads with a strength deep within.

Fearing being heard she crouches nude before him then pauses to look around. She had no idea how to break his chains. Surmising that even if his muscles couldn't shatter them how could she? Reaching out to touch the chain she feels him tense up. 

"Concentrate." He prompts.

Barely comprehending anything he was saying in his native Greek she caresses the chains. To her astonishment her touch allowed the chains to become ethereal as her own body used to be. As the iron bonds become less of a burden he stands awkwardly and lets the chains slip through him. Stepping quietly past anything holding him in check. 

Trembling below his 6'4 height. The Roman retrieves his clothing before reaching down to help her to her feet. As she stands shivering he dons his armor and moves away from her. Back to her Madigan Ridge reverts to her ghostly state. 

"Why do I keep phasing back?" She ponders.

Retrieving the shards of his sword she observes him connect pieces. His left eyes glow coalescing over the blade. Each piece reunites with its companion. Eventually his sword was intact. Madigan found him remarkable.

Once feeling stronger she observes him marching off to war.

Excited by her experience she forges skyward up through the deck and out to greet Jack and Malcolm.

"Hold the charges. We have help." She reports.

Jack winces at her, "What?"

Loud screeches fill the air as a swarm of echoing bats are disturbed from slumber. "Malcolm?" Madigan rises to face the colossal man, "There! Rip the deck open. Let light in." She points.

Jack observes Malcolm move toward the ship and lean over the Freighter. At 200 feet high Malcolm digs mighty fingers into wood, concrete, and steel. Mangling large portions into piles of rubble. Casting the chunks away from them. As the floors beneath flood with light he keeps digging. Finally creating screams of death. The more he dug the more the sunlight flooded in.

Debris falling around Vampires that pin them down until the sun reduces them to ashes. The battle revealed Malcolm spots the Roman soldier beheading Bat after bat. His fighting prowess remarkable.

Madigan swoops down to join the soldier disorienting his targets by darting through them. Her help useful the Soldier nods his approval. She had admired the fact his wounds were gradually healing.

Looking up at the sky the Roman narrows his eyes, "Here there be Giants."

"We're friends. Here to kill the Vampires." Maddy informs.

He does not understand her words but senses her sincerity. He then ignores the colossus above and continues upon his mission. Sixty Vampires died this day. A second time. The final time.

Jack Ramse had climbed the stern of the devastated ship and peered down at the destruction. Spotting the Roman he raises his eye brow. More strangeness.

"Maddy?" Jack yells, "Guide him to Malcolm's hand. Let him lift the guy out of here."

Triumphant the Roman drops to one knee as if praying. His sword resting at his sandaled feet. Maddy waited to give him time to fulfill his respect. Words utter loudly from his throat. Loud enough for Jack to hear and decipher through his translator collar.

"He's speaking in Greek. Thanking God for his freedom."

Mal carefully lowers his palm to the debris. Maddy in turn floats up to stand in the palm. Once the Roman rises to his feet placing his helmet on he spies Maddy's extended hand. Without fear he looks up at Jack above. Jack salutes the Roman. respect was realized through both Soldiers.

Finally, the soldier climbs in to Malcolm's grasp. Lifting out of the Freighter's carcass he moves away of the hull and lowers his hand to the desert. The Roman leaps to the sand and stands in the sun. Looking up to the sky with renewed vigor. Wounds nearly non existent.

Jack races down and sprints toward the Roman as Maddy joins them. To the Roman's shock Malcolm Brand shrinks down to a still towering twenty feet in height. 

Greeting the Roman Jack utilizes his collar to speak Ancient Greek.

"Thank you for the help."

The Roman winces, "You speak in my native language."

"This helps." He points to his collar, "My name is Jack. The giant is Malcolm. You met Madigan inside."

He bows before Madigan and returns his gaze to Jack.

"You are their Commander?"

"Colonel. Yes. Commander close enough."

"I am Antonaeus Gaicazar. Centurion of the One True God."

"Happy to call you friend. How long have you been trapped here? How did you survive?"

"Centuries. I am immortal. These heathen demons captured me and fed upon my blood. As an immortal I cannot die. My blood replenishing each day. It is good to be free. My thanks Milady." He nods to Madigan.

"Tell him I'm glad I could help." She smiles, "Jack? His eye made my body human like it did touching Malcolm's rune. It never lasts though."

Jack stunned by her revelation reveals her words to him. The Roman merely glares at her.

"Concentrate." He enlightens.

"He said to concentrate." 

Eying Jack then Malcolm above them Madigan seals her eyes. In moments she becomes tangible. Jack could only look at her with amazement. Turning to Antonaeus Jack adds his input.

"How can she do this?"

"It is God's will." Antonaeus smiles turning to walk away, "I must go. I must slay their Queen."

Jack admires his dedication, "Wait! Join us. We can kill her together. Wipe out their kind."

Malcolm offers up, "Our home is schedule4d to be attacked tonight. We can set a trap."

Gaicazar pauses in stride, twisting to face them, "The Queen knows her children are dead at my hand. She will send her legions to capture me. To feed."
