 "Bugger!"

Carrington Primross finds himself in the clutches of a mighty fist. Log sized fingers crushing around his body to hold him prisoner. He could hear bones creaking within his deceased yet functional form. With all of his senses sharpened how could the Magician have been so careless? Something so big that noticing him should have been a simple task. 

"How's that for a slight of hand?" He hears the deafening words of a colossal sized Malcolm Brand. 

Hordes of winged bats come to his aid. Some attempting to pry Primross free, others storming the eyes of Malcolm. The giant merely annoyed by their constant scratching at his stone like body. As they draw near his forehead the rune upon his brow glows, forcing bats to realize its magic. Deathly squeals fight amongst themselves to flee. One such bat thrown directly at the rune screams and resumes his human form. In doing so the poor man drops 70 feet to impact hard on the hull of the Ganthorian ship. Returning to his undead form within minutes.

Between bats and zipping drones battling them back Malcolm found it difficult to see. He was trying his best not to damage the ship while leaning over it. His increased mass could easily rupture the hull if he lost balance. Choosing to step away at a safe distance he finds himself literally bringing 80% of the legion along for the ride.

Below on the ground Jack and Elle pounded on the cargo container holding Sabbath Black and their friend Cameron Scott. Cameron having been drug within while Vamps attempted to topple the container. Jack dropping his gun to begin trying to lift the container. His lapse in judgment halted by Gaicazar the Roman.

"You would release more evil?"

Jack grunts, "Our friend is inside. We have no idea what Sabbath might do to him."
Torn between helping Malcolm and the scene below Madigan Ridge decides that Malcolm could handle his own environment. Choosing to swoop down to the container.

"Let me step inside." Maddy immediately phases through the steel confinement. Once within she finds Sabbath Black holding Cameron off the ground with one hand. Dark hissing as their new guest arrives.


"Sabbath! Do not do this. Cameron is your friend."

"My daughter is not here. Her fondness for this man I forbid." Mother recites through Sabbath's body, "Go away lost spirit."

"I will not abandon Cameron. Release him."

"How noble you are. Dedicated to the living."

"I live as well. Take me instead." Maddy concentrates with her eyes wide open. Her body reverting to her solidified humanity before the Vampire. Her act forcing Mother to comprehend what had just occurred.

"Maddy! No." Cam barely able to speak warns her.

"How interesting. You live between life and death. I would know how you do this."
"Only if you release Cameron and let him out of this container."

"I would have both."

Insistent Mother snatches up Madigan by her own throat hauling her from her feet to join Cameron in the air. Her concentration lost Maddy turns intangible once more. Merely floating where she had been suspended. Mother grossly annoyed.

While sneering at her misfortune the container creaks around them. To everyone's surprise the steel burden is cast aside leaving the Mother and her subdued Pilot out in the open. Maddy turning her gaze to see Sophia heaving the container twelve feet away to a crashing thunder upon the soil. Sparks from a bonfire sent skyward like fireflies.
Mother now revealed to the battle zone discovers herself surrounded. The crew unaware of Mother, only presuming Sabbath had gone insane.

Gaicazar steps gallantly forward to face Sabbath. Mother smiling at his bravado.
"The immortal. How delicious."

Jack winces, "That's not Sabbath."

"Of course not. My daughter has been sent to her room. My children have enlightened me of your crusade to slay my most loyal. Unfortunate that the Centurion has been lost to us. I cannot have this. All must die before the sun rises."

"Not going to happen lady." Sophia starts for the shell of Sabbath Black. To her misfortune the merest wave of Mother's abducted hand casts Sophia into a tumble across the dirt directly into an open fire pit. Sophia regaining her footing to stand tall amid the fire. 

"Sophia! Stand down." Jack points and holds his other palm up toward Mother, "We can talk this out."

Mother laughs, "I think not."

Gaicazar had, had enough. Without further consideration he thrusts his blade deep into Sabbath Black. Expecting Mother to scream out at his swords mystical properties.

Instead she steps back letting the blade ease out of Sabbath's body. Her flesh healing instantaneously. Once relieved of the Roman's burden Mother stops and turns. 

Something forced her to ignore everyone.

Antonaeus stood with awe. His sword normally slaying Vampires so easily. What was Mother? Not even Sabbath was effected. Preparing a retaliation Gaicazar and the others around her are flung aside by an invisible force. Just as Sophia had been. Mother needed space.

"It is here. I can feel it." Mother strides about dragging Cameron along for the ride. Her search for something calling out to her. Never had she been this close to the one thing that meant so much to her. Her mental call drawing faithful children to run interference for her against the Survivors.

Overwhelmed yet again Jack and his group struggle. Jack forced into hand to hand combat. His fist slamming hard into a Vamps fangs. Knocking teeth out that only return as if never damaged.

All around them the drones James had sent to their aid were zigzagging about doing the most damage. Sophia choosing to trail behind the gravitational weights dropping Vamps to the ground. She raced from one to the other ripping heads off and tossing them at their brothers and sisters. 

Mother stalked the perimeter of the Ganthorian ship eying the ground. Sniffing. Looking for a sign. Dogging her heels was Madigan Ridge keeping an eye on her. Fearful Cameron would perish in Mother's grasp. He merely hitched a ride unwillingly. Aware of everything but unable to fight.

Elle in her battle realized the direction Mother was headed, "Shit. She's after the Amulet I buried."

Jack overhears her, "Go. Keep her from reaching it."

"I'll do my best."

She utilizes her eyes focusing on thin lasers of stored solar energy from earlier in the day. It was running low however. In her assault fiery Vamps flew about blinded in their torture. 

High above Carrington Primross delighted in Malcolm's distraction. The giant's grip wavering slightly while trying to swat away his assailants. Taking a deep breath the Vampire forced his way out of his prison. Unlike Vampire mythology he could not alter his form into any mist or become a smaller animal. This situation took time. Once prying himself loose he launches himself into the sky and morphs into the only other form he could. A humanoid Bat. 

Swooping away he locates his fallen Top Hat on the ground and spies upon Sabbath Black. Knowing well that Mother had taken over her body. Seeing Elle inching closer to Mother the Magician chose to engage. Taking flight low he soars directly toward Elle crashing head on into her. Their impact turning into a tumble. Steering away swiftly to avoid her touching him yet again and risk her healing powers urging his humanity to return. He was rather fond of his own immortality.

Mother continues her search, listening for whispers that only she could hear. 
"I am coming Beloved." She mutters as Cameron gasps to stay conscious. 

"Sabbath? Fight back. Please." He manages weakly.

Mother ignores him. Her mission the only priority. This unexpected gift dropping into her midst consuming her. Where was it?

Rolling to her feet Elle Franklin resumes her charge toward Mother. In her sprint she channels her thoughts into recreating her light sword emerging from her diamond fist. Forming it to her advantage. With the drones guiding her way to an open path Elle raises her blade and arcs downward. The hand of Sabbath Black holding Cam severs at the wrist. In a bloody spray Cam falls to the ground covered in Sabbath's blood. Some seeping into his mouth and actively being swallowed. He had no choice in the matter.

Mother still ignored the trauma. Her search too important to be distracted. Sabbath's severed hand lost only to be reformed as if never lost. Bones rebuild. Nerves enclose. Muscle and tendon reunite. Milky flesh tops off the replacement. Even Elle stood amazed as she hugged Cam's side to help him heal. 

Sophia joins the fray noticing Elle and Cam being targeted. Increasing her bodies light she frightens Vamps away. All save for Carrington Primross. Obtaining a chunk of metal as a shield he flew head on into Sophia crashing her body limply against the hull of the ship. So close to the energy pen they could hear the nervous reaction of the cattle and Greta Winston's horse Quiver.

Primross turns his attention back toward Mother. Her search discovering a dirt covered grave. Not of alien Ganthorian's. Nor of the humans lost along with Jack and his band. This grave much smaller. Mother drops to Sabbath's knees and begins digging. Primross moving behind her with his shield to guard her from attack.

Cam feels his body grow in energy. Becoming more aware than he had been. Elle had done her job. Yet, in the pit of his stomach he feels it was more than the healers touch. As he stares at Primross he suddenly hears a soft voice inside his head.

"You must run away. Hurry Cameron. If Mother bites you I will be your Maker. You have tasted my blood. I am within you now. Of sorts."

"Sabbath?" Cam winces in shock.

"Please hurry. Hide. She has located the Amulet. He shall live again."

"He?"

"Verago the Fallen."

"Say who? What?"

Elle looks at Cam's ramblings. Worried he might have lost his mind. Cam suddenly leaps to his feet and looks around him. His fallen Ion rifle left in the dirt from his prison earlier. He charges away and rolls on the ground grabbing it. Laying flat he takes aim as Elle vacates knowing his target. Firing dead on the Ion blast pummels Primross back directly into Mother. Toppling her. In her rage she casts her son away like a flea and resumes her digging.

Primross regains his composure and races back to defend his Mother. He knew she meant well. Her quest interrupted only by his ignorance. He would not let that happen again. He knew she would grant him a gift once the Amulet was in her possession. A gift beyond anything he could ever hope for.

To his left he hears a whistle. His bloodshot eyes darting toward the shrill noise. At the base of the ramp stood Ruby Goddard. Marksman at her finest. Holding a strange looking pistol she fires at him. Surrounded by Sophia, Elle, and Jack he could not avoid the shot. Elle diving in to keep him from his shield. 

To everyone's shock the Magician's Top Hat raises above his scalp and a rabbit sits atop his head. Hat dropping to the grass while the rabbit hops from his perch and scurries away. Ruby's eyes narrowing at the unexpected rodent. They popped up in some pretty crazy places. Almost like harbingers.

The projectile stabs Primross in the chest. His eyes glaring down at it. With a demonic grin he chuckles, "How do you propose such a bullet could possibly harm me?"
Ruby smirks shaking off her furry friends departure, "Wait for it."

His eyes tremble as a twitch stammers him in step. Followed by a secondary jolt to his other side. The area around the bullet casing glowing white hot. It became a tug of war within his own body. Foaming at the mouth, his drool drying into a hardening clump. 
"What have you done to me?" He mumbles barely audible.

Before his eyes a hologram appears out of Ruby's translator collar. The image of James Ian standing in front of Primross. James holding the shell of a lava lamp.

"That blood of yours? It just coagulated with the secret chemical Edward Craven Walker created in 1963. It's a secret though. As you know a Magician never tells his secrets. So I'll honor Mr. Walker and keep that hush hush. Just know you've been crane kicked by Daniel San. Wax on, Wax in."

Gurgling Primross drops to his knees. His eyes bulging as a shadow stands over him. Above him a mighty hand rises. A thumb raised tilts down. The Emperor had spoken.
Antonaeus Gaicazar slashes his sword in a blinding swath.

 Carrington Primross lost his head. Free at last.

As the head toppled away Sophia Ridge kicks it like a soccer ball into a bonfire yelling, "Game's tied up. Yay Me!"

Cameron Scott strolled amid chaos with his rifle. The drones distracting the remaining horde of Vamps. Ignoring Sabbath's pleading he meant to end this tonight. 

"Cameron please listen. She will turn you. I will turn you. I can feel my Maker's final death. Once Mother departs I will be my own person once more."

"Forgive me Beautiful. I'm going to get her out of you here and now."

"If you do your weapon might destroy me. While I wished that you all would kill me before, I now have a bit of freedom. Only Mother controls me now."

Growling Cameron nudges past Gaicazar and Elle. Jack had raced to Ruby's side ordering her back into the ship. Nobody stood between he and the kneeling Mother. Suddenly, Mother threw her hands into the air. Above her head she clasps the dangling Amulet. It was shimmering in the fire light. 

"YESSSSSSSSSSSS!" Mother roared. Her children releasing high pitch screeches that force everyone save Madigan Ridge to hold their ears.

In the chaos Mother glares at the lifeless beheaded body of Primross. Scowling she had no choice but to claim a new host. With lightning speed Mother lashes out clutching Cameron once more. His trigger finger accidentally firing an Ion charge into a damaging path along the dirt to his right. 

Holding Cameron high as he had been earlier Mother grins, "You shall do."

"Mother? Please do not do this." Sabbath's voice appeals through Cameron's shocked lips.

Stunned by the voice Mother winces, "You have tainted this man. He has tasted your blood. A bond has been instilled between you. Your portion of soul allowing you to join within him. Unexpected. You have much to learn Child. Perhaps I shall take this out on your sister."

"Noooo." Sabbath pleads.

"You wanted this Man? You shall have him. For the briefest of moments."

Mother drags Cameron toward her in a blur. His neck turned to invite her love. Fangs plunging into Cameron's throat. Blood drank. Creation forming. The crew below crying out in agony for their friend. All held at bay by Vamps and surprise.

Cameron Scott fell limp. Blood trickling to the dirt. In his dilemma Mother drops him to the ground and encircles his neck with the Amulet. Blood rushing toward the ruby gem amid its setting. Cameron Scott lost reality.

"Rise Beloved. Your bride awaits."

Sabbath Black could only call out to an inner darkness. Within both her own body and that of Cameron's her voice goes unheard. So she thought.

"Wench from the Garden." A foreboding growl is heard only to Sabbath.

Sabbath knew the voice. Somehow. A distant memory.

A Devil had found a home.