 Cameron Scott's body reacted to the commotion around him. Only it wasn't Cameron that was in control. Hearing for the first time in centuries a Darkness acknowledges newfound senses. The scent of blood was in the air. Heartbeats pounding all around him. Batting wings like thunder across the long forgotten sky. Eyelids open. All sight blurred in black and white.

"How long has it been?" A deathly voice utters through parched lips.

"Forever Beloved. Come. Rise as befits your stature." Mother instructs without touching Cameron's body. Respecting his new persona. One who did the touching. Never to be caressed without granting a request. Angels were selfish that way.

War rages around them. Overlooked expecting a slaughter. Mother's children containing the humans and a lone Immortal, giving their creators a moment alone.

"Where am I?" He snarls.

"Lost in a land that risks our survival. Blood and flesh are awaiting you Beloved. Far distant. I have chosen to stay far from those that might vie to kill off our kind. We feed sparingly." Mother in Sabbath's body winces, "Why have you not taken your true form?"

Standing with an awkward balance Cameron Scott's body complies to the darkness. Held prisoner within, Cameron was helpless. Lost to the outside world. Only his soul kept him from fading away. Something his new roommate had not felt in centuries. A soulless creature now feeding upon a newfound light held them both in check. A soul and a half even more confusing to the Lord and Master.

"Are you here Sabbath?" Cam calls out on a vibrational level.

"Yes. I am forever with you."

"Good to know. I'm glad you're with me. Is there a way out of this?" Cam questions.

"I do not know. Mother's hold over my own body prevents me from communicating with your friends. Now that Verago has consumed you I cannot defile his lips with my words. At least we have each other."

"Bad timing I know. But, I've wanted to kiss you ever since the night I met you."

"I know. Your pulse gave me a clue. I pray we can find a way to escape. I might just let you kiss me."

"Oh, it's on. Your lips are mine."

"I am glad you are optimistic. Until then I must divide my emotions. My sister will need help as well. I fear that once she and I reunite our souls will become one. She and I share the same soul only split in half."

"I recall James saying that. I wasn't sure that was true."

"It is. Mother has kept us prisoner for years. Knowing this about us. She sent Sir Primross to bring us into the fold. Turning us to keep us from escaping her. We were his. Yet, all of us were Mother's."

"And, they all became the Brady Bunch." Cam chuckles amid the void.

"I do not understand."

"Nothing. Can Mother hear us?"

"No. Her thoughts forbidden to enter her Mate."

"Can this Verago hear us?"

"Yes. Be wary of your thoughts. While he goes without concern over either of us he can still observe without warning. I believe your body keeps him from delving too deeply. He has not known a physical form in centuries."

"God, I hope he doesn't fuck that bitch with my dick." He jests under pressure, "Wait. As long she's in your body I'm cool with that."

"Do you ever take anything seriously?"

"Would you rather I curl up in a ball crying Why Me?"

"I have done enough of that for both of us. Think of how to communicate with your friends."

"On it." He quiets up, "I can't stop thinking about kissing you."

"I just drained a cow of its blood. Still want to kiss me?"

"Messy Bessy. Don't remind me."

"I thought not."

Outside in the real world. Close enough under the conditions. Verago surveys the carnage. Mother behind him befitting her stature. In centuries past the female giving way to the male dominant.

"They shall fall soon enough, Verago. Come. Let us go home. My children. Our children shall finish them off and feed us."

Verago's gaze corrupts Cameron's pupils with a milky blood. Although a host body this form was not as resilient as he had hoped. His true form struggling to rip free of Cameron. Held prisoner for so very long he was out of sorts. The Amulet's magical effects draining him of potential.

"I sense God's presence." Verago growls.

"The Roman. He is immortal. Beware his blade. While no effect upon myself, in your new body it could prove fatal. Once you achieve your original body his blade will be ineffective."

"Will it? I sense souls within this shell. As long as they are ignited my body will be at their mercy."

"I thought you might have liked the soul of the second born. Have I erred in my judgment?"

"As a fallen I had no soul. Taken from me by my Maker. Only through life's blood could I survive. As you well know my Blood Bride."

"I have so missed you calling me by that name."

"As I you. Let us take our leave. I will need time to be fully reborn. "

"Of course."

Before the loving couple could depart they find themselves interrupted.

"So, you are the Fallen." Madigan Ridge drifts low to stare Verago in the face. Using Cameron's hand he raises his arm to sift through her corporeal form. Tilting his gaze, puzzled by her spirit.

"You are lost between life and death. Yet, you know who and what you are." Verago growls.

"Beware Beloved. I have seen her turn others ghostlike."

"Let her try." He intimidates. Madigan's thoughts on attempting such a move fading away. Fearful of hurting Cam if he was still in there. This was a whole new ball game.

Walking right through Madigan, Verago guides Cameron's body through the mounds of Vamp bodies. He was curious of those waging war against his kind. Stepping to Elle she stops mid slash with her light sword and peers at Cameron with horror on her face. His bloody eyes staring through her soul.

"You are more than human." His gaze lowers to her diamond arm as her sword fades away.

"Cam?"

"Hardly." He nudges past her without hurting her. Mother less convinced tosses her aside mentally. Protecting Verago in his possible negligence.

Reaching Jack, Verago sizes up his Host body's once fearless leader. Jack pausing to lower his Ion rifle. If Cameron was in there he certainly didn't want to harm him.

"Easy now." Jack steps back, "How about we call this and go do Tequila shots Cam?"

Verago tilts his head by the offer. Something in his mind sent a desire to accept. Shaking off Cameron's persona Verago sneers, "You cheated death recently. You should have perished."

"I won't go down that easily." Jack sneers back in a battle of intimidation.

Sophia skulks in the background awaiting her chance to pounce. The drones darting about to blanket her with safety in numbers. Vamps careening in and out of range. Her target was on Momma Vamp.

Elle returning to her feet becomes startled by her translator collar producing another hologram of James Ian.

"Elle? I have an idea. Move in with Sophia and tell her to light up with ultraviolet. I know your cells have to be depleted by now. Just support her. She isn't wearing a collar for me to tell her myself. A massive flare up might take them all out."

"Worth a shot Punk. On my way." Elle eases through the carnage whipping all about them. Stopping Sophia with waving hands she fills in the young girl on the theory. Nodding her approval Sophia consults her microscopic friends. They in turn flare up brightly. Singing brilliantly in her thoughts. 

The sudden burst lights up a 200 foot radius forcing dozens of Vamps to reduce to ash. Blinding everyone the group staggers about. Only the drones to keep them safe in their predicament. Elle overlooked the brilliance as well filtering through the cascade to see shapes. Mother had been forced to evade into the sky. Leaving Verago standing there alone. The light had no effect. As an Angel he was born of light. Though fallen he did not need to seek the darkness. Choosing only to create the myth behind the earliest of Vampire lore. Unfortunately those without souls were susceptible. 

Mother within Sabbath's body kept her from perishing. Yet in fear of her own possible defeat she chose to evacuate. Reaching a great height Mother glared down at Verago with interest. Her children whipping about all around her. Without sensing the worst in her distraction she doesn't see what was coming for her.

"HIGH FIVE!"

Massive hands clap together around Sabbath's body. Malcolm Brand crushing Sabbath beneath his colliding palms. He knew after seeing her hand reform that Sabbath was resilient. This would only be a temporary defeat. Mangled by his impacting hands she drops from the sky. Her children gliding in to keep her from a grueling slam to the Earth below.

Verago turns in step facing Sophia. Her light continuing to blind. Without stress he marches toward the girl reaching her for a deadly eye to eye.

"Intriguing. My host finds a lustful fondness for you." Verago offers.

Sophia raises a brow thinking to herself, "Now that's a lie. Cameron hates me." Then opening up to speak, "Who doesn't love this sexy ass body? My tits are playful. My ass is perfect. Don't get me started on my juicy pussy. I might have to masturbate."

"You may subside your heavenly light. I have flown amongst brighter. The Creator's armada was born of such."

"Aww! Cam always liked my candlelight dinners." She mocks.

Verago turns his gaze to his fallen Bride. In her crushing blow Mother had temporarily lost control over Sabbath's body. Her soul claiming her thoughts for the moment. In her reconstructing bones and organs Sabbath manages a dry vocal cry, "Remove the Amulet."

Verago reacts just as Sophia leaps forward to grip the chain about his neck. Assuming her friends would both protect her and not harm Cameron in the process. To her surprise her tiny friends panic in his clutches. Spreading out to other parts of her body to share space with their brethren. Verago gripping Sophia by her throat and left forearm. Her golden flesh parting as if the Red Sea to reveal her true flesh beneath.

"Holy shit!" Sophia shrieks. Madigan storming to her side with a terrified look, "My friends are afraid of him. Mom? Help."

Madigan in her worry takes time to concentrate returning her body to normal. Once fleshly she reaches out and both touches Verago and Sophia. Shock after shock. Verago begins to turn ethereal while Madigan feels Sophia's friends switching bodies. The microscopic parasites abandoning Sophia in favor of Madigan as a new host. 

Sophia passes out under the unexpected switch. Her body falling to the ground limply. Reverted totally back to normal. Losing control over her thoughts at seeing her daughter collapse Madigan senses her ghostly body shift back. In the process the microbes are forced over into Verago's body. Creating a golden sheath around Cameron Scott.

Madigan stood speechless at her grievous error. Had she killed her daughter in the process?

"How invigorating." Verago looks upon his new shell. The Microbes in flux all around him. They were in a panic over their loss of Sophia. They had grown attached in more than a physical need. 

Jack and Gaicazar stare at one another as their worst fear had come to a head. They were losing two of their members this day. Sophia lifeless as her Mother fretfully tries to return to normal again. This time her concentration had no luck. She was stuck as a ghost.

Elle races to Sophia's side. Touching her with her healing hand. Everyone holding their breath to see if Sophia could be revived.

Only Antonaeus chose to look past the possible fatality. Raging toward Cameron with his sword prepared to cleave Cameron's head from it's shoulders. With a deathblow imminent Gaicazar attempts fulfillment. Even with Jack behind him begging him not to kill Cameron. Sword impacting on Cameron's golden neckline Gaicazar discovers a new nightmare.

Again his sword is splintered upon impact. His eye's cross glowing at departure.

Cameron twisting with blinding speed to reach out and grab the Roman by his throat. Gaicazar offering a glint of fear.

"I will take that." Verago spoke. Utilizing the microscopic parasites to feed off of Gaicazar's immortality. The 6'4 Roman began to groan. His body altering in color to a deathly grey. His life fleeing. 

"FUCK IT!" Jack Ramse snaps behind them. Priming his Ion gun upon Cameron and unleashing a powerful shot directly at Cam's chest. Although protected by the parasites the gun's discharge pounded Verago into releasing Gaicazar. His immediate departure dropping the Roman to his knees. Color slowly coming back. Jack had just saved his life.

Decidedly Verago had made up his mind. It was time to go. Mother in Sabbath's body once more flutters above on wings erupted through Sabbath's back at the time of Sophia's ultraviolet burst earlier. Her mental call begging Verago to join her. He agreed.

Before their eyes Cameron's body distorts. and wings rip from his shoulder blades as if long hidden. Golden in hue. Verago manipulating the parasites. Fueled by two souls. The beast was evolving.

Flight toward the East left the Survivors licking their wounds. The battalion of Vamps following their Master.

"Sophia? Please wake up Sweetheart." Madigan hovers. Elle had done her best. A heartbeat rose within the girls chest. A beautiful sight to behold.

Groggy Sophia opens her eyelids and looks around confused. Turning her profile she witnesses the Vampires fade into the night sky.

Gaicazar crawls over to join the gathering as Sophia turns her gaze toward the Roman. With a growl Sophia ushers, "I hope those wings you said I'd be getting aren't those." A look of confusion makes Sophia wince and glare over her body. Clutching her breasts as she sits up, "Wait! If that's...YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!"

Jack narrows his eyes and speaks for everyone, "Cam?"

"I have tits." Cameron Scott whines. His persona trapped within Sophia's body in the maddening transfer.

Madigan covers her mouth as it dawns on her, "Where is Sophia?"

Behind them Elle discovers something left behind. Using the tip of one of her hydraulic spears she snags and suspends the Amulet on its chain.

Within the Amulets ruby peered back a weeping Sophia Ridge. She had been trapped within.

"A little help here Guys."

As if they could hear her.