 As dawn lit up the horizon Jack and his band entered the Ganthorian craft to lick their wounds. Met by Ruby, Greta, and James the group attempt to soothe each others nerves. Noting Sophia Ridge trudging up the ramp like a guy Ruby winces.

"What the heck happened out there? Sophia looks normal."

"I'm not normal Dammit! Somebody get me a shirt already."

Ruby flares her eyes, "Was that Cam's voice?"

Jack eases her aside taking his shirt off and tossing it at Sophia. Cam catching it to put in on in a hurry. 

"Recall the time when Elle, Sophia, and I all touched Maddy in her grave?" Jack frowns.

"Yeah?"

"Well that transfer just happened again. Cam's body was taken over by Verago. Sophia attacked. Her cuddly little friends freaked out and got sucked over to Verago. Now he in Cam's body is invulnerable."

"Whoa!" James stood shocked.

"Maddy tried to turn Verago all ghost and the Amulet Verago had been trapped in fell from his body. It's in our possession now."

"Again." Elle shivered knowing its power. Jack understood her worry.

James walks around to face Cameron in Sophia's body. Studying her with a circling pace. "Kid? If you pinch my ass I'll break your hand." Cam snaps.

Chuckling under pressure James replies, "I'll pass. I'm just wondering something. If you're here where is Sophia?"

"Good question. I want my body back. We are going after me...this Verago freak aren't we?" Cam gets excited. In the process feeling Sophia's boob jiggle. Grimacing he clutches her breasts and rolls his eyes, "God I miss my balls swinging. How the heck do you Gals deal with these milk sacks?"

Ruby switches her gaze at his comment. If she was indeed pregnant her own body would be building up for an eventual birth. The breast feeding process made her close her eyes.

"Seriously! We need to figure out where Sophia went. Was she trapped in this Verago too?" Elle interrupts. Holding the Amulet in her diamond encrusted arm for safety. 

"Same goes for Sabbath. We were inside Verago sharing my body for awhile. When Elle cleaved the Mother's hand off, Sabbath's blood flew into my mouth. I was on my way to being a vampire but I wasn't officially bitten. Only possessed I'm thinking. This Verago a vampire or a demon or what?" Cam stresses.

"Or what." James commits, "I read that Chinese book you found Cam. It mentioned Verago in detail. I piece together things along the way. That's where I grabbed on to the concept of Sabbath and her sister being the reincarnations of Eve and Adam. By they being the original humans their souls were special. Mother is likely Lilith the first but lost favor of God immediately when Verago was cast to Earth. Verago overtook Eden and claimed Lilith as his own. Why Adam survived I don't know. Obviously God protected him. Anyway, Verago being the fallen seeks a soul powerful enough to return him to Heaven. If that's even possible. If my theory is correct he plans on taking Lilith with him. Storming the gates of Heaven and consuming all that he can."

Jack shakes his head while scratching the back of his neck, "So many theories. No real solutions. This book, does it offer a way of defeating Verago?"

"Maybe. There are mystical spells in the book but I'm kind of afraid to decipher them. I rather like my soul. There might be curses hidden within." James fidgets.

"That's a big help." Cam groans.

"Wait!" Ruby stares a moment, "You said that you and Sabbath were both inside this Verago. How was that possible?"

"When I swallowed Sabbath's blood I connected with her. She would be my maker I think. But, I wasn't officially bitten. So I'm not certain where I go from there."

"You're inside Sophia." Elle ponders.

"Don't talk dirty. This is bad enough as it is. I think I need to pee."

Greta begins giggling then raises her hand to apologize. Her eyes trying not to stare at Cam in his moment. This whole situation was over her head and all she could achieve was a nervous laughter.

"Thanks, Kansas. At least you can turn invisible. If I had that ability I could hide Sophia's body and just hear my voice." Cam huffs.

"Sorry Cameron. Truly I am." Greta felt badly.

Ruby turns to Jack with curiosity, "What's our next move? We can't leave Cam's body under this assholes control can we? Sophia might be out there too."

Unknown to the group Sophia hears their every word, trapped within the Amulet. Her pleading to be heard lost in the gems void. This was supposed to be a mystical prison for Vampires. How could Sophia be held prisoner within?

As Elle listened to ideas from Jack and Ruby she dangles the Amulet to her side. Without even thinking about her lowered arm she watches James Ian's dog Xander tilt his head and sniff at the ruby. Almost as if he could hear something. James picks up on his dogs discomfort. Watching the dog yelp made everyone look toward him.

"What's wrong Boy?" James crouches down beside the German Shepard.

Nearly touching his snout on the gem Elle retaliates pulling it away.

"That might not be a good idea."

"Something is attracting his attention." Ruby narrows her eyes, "Maybe it's just shiny and he's curious."

James closes his eyes and holds his dogs head from both sides, "Lower the Amulet. Let him look into it again."

"You certain?" Elle slowly agrees dangling the chain once again. This time James utilizes his telepathic link with his pet. Wearing a translator collar as Ruby had suggested he attempts to read his dog's thoughts. Was it possible to decipher the speech of a canine? Ordinarily James spoke to his dog guiding him. Hearing and seeing through it's senses. Now would be as good a time as any to test the theory.

"Show me what you see Boy."

The dog whines and tries to pull toward the gem. With a bit of effort the dog barks and lunges toward the gem. Touching the ruby with his nose James suddenly hears a voice. Dropping his jaw James ushers, "Houston? We have a problem."

Jack crouches beside them, eying James, "What are you saying?"

James without opening his eyes removes his translator collar and experiments further. Moving the device around his dog's neck near it's vocal cord region. Trembling James digs deeper into his pets psyche and realizes his best guess. As Xander yelps he hears Sophia's voice. The dog barking excessively to finish a complete sentence.

"Ready for this guys?" James offers up, "Sophia has gone to the dogs. Her soul is trapped within the Amulet. This is the only way to communicate with her."

"Can she hear you?" Ruby also kneels beside James with concern.

"Working on it. Give me room." He telepathically introduces his thoughts through his pet which filters through the collar and into the gem as it touches his dogs nose.

"Help me James." Sophia pleads.

"Can you hear me Sophia?" He hopes mentally.

"Yes. Thank God. Get me out of here."

"I'm not sure how. Give me time I swear I'll rescue you."

"I love you James. Thank you."

"Save the kisses when you're back in your body and I know I'm not making out with Cameron."

"What?" "Cam's persona possessed your body when Verago had all of you linked. I know it's crazy."

"Tell him not to feel me up. I know I never thought I'd say that either."

"Keep your chin up. I'll be in touch. Just try to remain calm."

"Wait! Tell my Mom I love her."

"I will."

"James! I feel weird. Like I'm being drawn out."

"What?"

Suddenly, Xander goes silent freezing in his Master's grasp. Having touched the pup so long the gem switched personas. Xander's soul transplanted within the gem. Sophia? Sophia found herself on all fours.

James opens his eyes wide and swallows dryly, "Oh boy."

Ruby and Jack snap a glare at each other. Jack nudging James on the elbow awaiting info.

Releasing Xander James straightens up on his knees, "Ummm! Xander's in there now." "With Sophia?" Ruby bulges her eyes.

"Not quite. Sophia's now in here." He pats his dog with a frightened look.

"You're kidding me." Cam chokes up, "I'm in her body and she's in the dogs?"

Xander growls at him in a lower tone than earlier. It was easy to see Sophia's presence. She marches over to Cam and hikes a leg. Urinating on Cam.

"Seriously? You just pissed on yourself." Cam shakes his head.

Barking excessively in Xander's language the collar alters it's ability. Translating from canine to human.

"I hate you Cameron."

Everyone is taken by surprise. Jack grabbing Xander's real collar to contain Sophia. "Slow down. We all know this is insane but we have to get through this as best as we can." Ramse aims to control the bizarre circumstances.

"How is this shit even possible?" Ruby throws her palms up at James.

"Don't look at me. I'm smart but I'm not God."

"Everyone relax." Jack prods.

"Now I need to figure out how to rescue Xander too. I'm sorry Boy. Stay cool. I'll save you."

"Sweet Jesus." Cam huffs and marches away. Smelling the canines piss made him need to go. Marching down the ramp he steps to the left of the base and lifts Jacks shirt. Instinctively reaching down to hold his..."Fuck. I forgot."

Madigan Ridge drifts near her daughter, "I'm so sorry Cameron."

"Don't even laugh at me. This is your kid I'm living in. How the hell does the plumbing work?"

"Oh dear." If she could laugh she would bust a gut.

Struggling Cam squats and feels Sophia's body release. A massive puddle under his feet. As he grimaces through Sophia's expression Sophia herself in Xander's body tromps down the ramp. Looking up at Maddy Sophia yelps, "I'm back, Mom. Wanna rub my belly?"

"Yeah. About that." Cam rises and shakes his toes off.

Madigan floated with only a gasp between them.

Everyone fell silent. Sophia succumbing to an itch and using Xander's hind leg to scratch. Above the ramp Jack stood with Ruby, "Unbelievable."

"Yep." At least Jack had placed an arm around Ruby's waist palming her side. Another shocker. This made Ruby pat her tummy. A tingle within making her smile.

 Further out away from their devastated crops Antonaeus Gaicazar knelt down collecting the splintered shards of his once proud blade. Without his eye's connection to God which had been siphoned off by Verago his immortality was in question. 

"How are you holding up?" Malcolm Brand now reduced to his human sized form strolls into his space.

Without turning Antonaeus merely offers what little he felt needed, "I was found unworthy."

"I dunno about that. You didn't waste away and turn to dust. As old as you are I'm guessing your immortality hasn't completely left you. Your body has even lost any muscle mass."

Gaicazar confirms Malcolm's words admiring his biceps and leg muscles. Nodding he tended to agree. Lifting up the hilt of his sword to show it's shattered blade.

"Perhaps. My vision no longer see's evil I fear. Nor can I forge my blade in the fires of God's light."

"That doesn't mean you give up. We have to go after those freaks. Cam's my best buddy. I won't let him go that easily. Even if he is in Sophia's body sort of. Sophia's lost too."

Hearing Malcolm report his worst fears Sophia in Xander's body trots over and sits down looking up at Malcolm panting. Eying the dog Malcolm squints, "No time to play fetch."

"Good. I'd hate to go to my bags and bring my vibrator out clenched in my teeth."

Malcolm jumps hearing Sophia's voice, "What the hell?"

Gaicazar stands tall turning to join in on his surprise, "Your pet speaks. Dark magic still defiles this place."

"Chill out Mark Anthony. I was trapped in that Amulet. Somehow me and the dog switched places. Now if I can just get Cam to cough up my own body I can lap dance for you Guys. No killer buddies in my body. Cam's body. Ugh! You know what I mean. If I start barking it's because the translator collar bounces in and out between our languages."

Malcolm cracks his knuckles, "Never saw this coming."

"Me neither. If you see me lick my balls swat my nose with a newspaper." Sophia sighs coming out as a growl.

"Glad you can laugh at a situation like that. James got any ideas how to fix you and Cam?"

"Not yet. I know he's worried about Xander being trapped in the Amulet."

Gaicazar looks to the sun above them. Raising his dismantled blade to Heaven. In Greek he prayed to Christ for guidance. His faith was all he had left.

Malcolm agreed. Faith was needed.

Sophia decided to roll over on to her back and wiggle her body in the dirt. She never realized how much a dog could itch. Stopping a moment to stare at the sky. Even a canine had a chance to say her peace. She was just glad to be out of the gem. Poor Xander. Laying down in the shade of the cargo containers Sophia took a nap.

Back inside the Ganthorian starship Cameron Scott had returned to his room. Any clothing he tried on was baggy in comparison to Sophia's tiny body. Finally resorting to a button down white shirt and one of his ball caps. Sadly Sophia looked good in a mirror. Strangely Cameron decides to unbutton the shirt and check out Sophia's body. Feeling guilty suddenly he buttons back up.

"Cameron?"

Cam darts his gaze about, "Sabbath?"

"I told you I would never leave you. Our mental link is established in whatever body you inhabit. Mother has returned to her nest and reunited with her own body. I am free of her for the moment. We sleep. They sleep. I am doing my best not to be overheard. My shared soul gives me privacy. I am uncertain how. Perhaps Lily and I are our own interference. You must follow my thoughts. Bring your friends here. Find a way to destroy Verago."

"We have the Amulet. Maybe we can imprison him again."

"Perhaps. He has changed. Your body will be scarred due to his transformation. I am sorry for that."

"Make me a Vampire I'll heal right? Once I get my body back."

"I do not wish to turn you Cameron. You not deserve this."

"As long as I'm with you I'm good. Sucks to be us. Pardon the pun."

"You are a rare man Cameron Scott. Thank you for caring."

"Give us time. We'll locate you. Are you far away?"

"Distant. A large ship like the Freighter. Only different. Can you picture in your mind what I'm thinking? Our link should establish visions."

"Trying." Cam seals Sophia's eyelids, "Yeah. Looks like an Oil Tanker. That helps narrow you down. Question is how far away."

"You must travel during the day. I will communicate with you as I can. Be safe."

Sabbath's thoughts fade from within Sophia's brain. The chill in the air forcing Sophia's nipples erect. Cam couldn't help but pinch them.

"Dangit! Stop that." Cam covered up and rolled her eyes.

 Jack and Ruby decided to patrol the grounds. Daylight falling upon dead Vamps has turned them all to ashes. Those that hadn't already been reduced through Sophia's ultraviolet flare. What Ruby found intriguing were the drones all lined up single file around the perimeter. As if standing guard.

"Our guard dogs seem pretty faithful." Ruby sighs.

"We going to talk about this?" He stops and looks her in the eye.

She frowns, "Jack? Please. I don't even know for certain. Just because Gaicazar spoke of two souls doesn't mean anything." She looks away, "Okay. Maybe it does. I touched my belly last night and my fingertips lit up as if someone on the other end was reaching out to me. I haven't had a period since we've been here. I warned you about unprotected sex that night. What if we have a baby and it comes out looking like a Weaver Bug?"

Jack rolls his eyes, "Then we name him Weaver."

She had to giggle, "I'm glad you don't lose any sleep over this. Jack? I'm not ready to be a Mom."

"Once we deal with our current situation have James test you."

"I planned on that. The thoughts of him seeing me nude and the whole pap smear thing has me stressed. Think I'll have Elle do that part."

"Good idea. The kid needs to concentrate on other things."

"I'm pretty freaked out Jack."

"I know."

She begins to turn away. Jack reaching out to reel her back in by her forearm. Her eyes flare as he drags her close. Eye to eye she trembles. With a deep breath Jack draws her into a warm kiss. Once their lips part Jack reaches down to rubs her belly. Shocked suddenly by the fact his touch was warded off by an invisible force. Narrowing their eyes the couple study the situation. Not even Ruby could press his hand against her.

"Damn. Guess my kid don't want anything to do with Daddy."

"God! Why us?"

In Jack's thoughts he realized why he couldn't touch her there. His kid, if she truly was pregnant knew he would be abandoned. Jack knew that his mission would lead him away soon. Not just to destroy Verago. But, to wander out there. 

He was not the type to be tied down. Even when married to his wife Renee. There lay the reason for failure. Nodding he at least took her hand and continued their patrol. Ruby had a hunch the future was going to be grim.

"You notice the rabbits are eating all of our crops?" She scowls.

"Good. Fatten them up we can eat them."

His words spoke loudly. The rabbits all ran for cover.

Ruby looked sad at their departure.

Suddenly she saw Jack as Elmer Fudd.

His first real glimpse of the rabbits left him worried. Something was definitely going on. As long as they remained harmless he was good. They did seem to pop up at inopportune moments. Helpful? Mischief? Something to look into another day.

"Let's get inside. We need to rest up. Tomorrow we go Vampire hunting."

"We?" Ruby cocked an eye brow.

"Not you Momma. You stay home with the kids."

"Bringing home the bacon?"

"Something like that."

Arm in arm they walked back up the ramp.

Rest became restless.