 Sixty three miles from the Ganthorian starship rested a Ukrainian Oil Tanker called the Velchek, grounded for the last six years. Sailing right out of 2013 into whatever year this Godforsaken land boasted. It's crew turned Vampire within weeks of their disastrous arrival. Oil seeping out in a rupture and staining the desert floor. From a good distance the ground looked dead and menacing. Long dried up the landscape reeking of death.

As the sun crept low the household began to awaken. Children stir and prepare to take flight into the night, seeking prey. Mother coddling her Master within a dank chamber. In her true form a tall busty blond with pale flesh. Blood red eyes looking deeply into her Master's eyes. If standing her height increased to a sturdy 7'2. Much taller than imaginable in her humanoid form.

Verago the Fallen cradled her in his mighty arms. Cameron Scott's body far from appearing as it had. Now rose Verago still evolving as he rested. Muscles rippling. Scales appearing like a chainmail armor amongst his golden flesh of microscopic minions. Any evidence of Cameron Scott albeit forgotten. Save for DNA. Bald now with thin horns protruding from his forehead like a Devil of lore. Fangs revealed to his Bride with a smile of newborn existence.

"It is good to have you back Beloved." Mother Lilith hisses snuggling close. Verago stirring to her side with a welcoming dread. He had rested the day. Now came time to reacquaint. With a renewed strength Verago contains the microscopic parasites within each of his cells. His darkness tugging them to his mercy. They missed Sophia. 

Rolling over atop Lilith his demonic sensuality shines through. Master claiming Bride for the first time in centuries. Savagely snarling between themselves as Lord penetrates Mistress. Tugging. Clawing. Biting. Blood trickling between lovers. Drinking deep of the others might. Lilith giving in to her own personal God. Unlike the creator who original brought her life. She too forsaken for falling in love with this Fallen Angel.

Four hours they battled their lustful exercise in long overdue hunger. As acidic juices detonate from an Angel's dark reservoir a fertile Lilith cries out. In hopes of a future heir. Time would tell.

At the Ganthorian Hilton Cameron Scott couldn't sleep. It was bad enough that he inhabited the gorgeous body of Sophia Ridge but the true Sophia lay on his mattress beside him. She wasn't letting her body out of her sight. She too forced to occupy another body. That of a faithful German Shepard named Xander. 

"God! She snores like a Grizzly." Cam tugs at his pillow.

Eyes creeping open at his gripe Sophia yelps softly then allows her translator collar to activate her words from canine to human.

"Don't bitch at me. I'm only here because I don't trust you with my body. That and his pet or not I'm not sleeping with James. Ewwww!"

"Isn't this pathetic? I can feel my body out there calling to me. Even though it's mutilated by that Verago. My soul is still in it."

"I know what you mean. I can look at you and sense my soul. So weird. I don't want to wear this fur coat forever. Hold me Cam."

Cam eyes the dog as it creeps closer on all fours. Halting her he shakes his head, "You're not shedding on me. Get back to the foot of the bed."

Tail wagging Sophia launches Xander's body to its feet and storms Cam knocking him backwards from his sitting up position. Wrestling the dog he was reduced to whimpering as Sophia might. With Xander's tongue she pelted Cam's face with excessive licks.

"Bitch that's just gross." Cam winces.

"It's my body I can do what I want with it. And, for now at least I'm a bastard you're the bitch." She giggles in a set of dog like whimpers.

Cam had to live with the fact that in this body he didn't have as much strength to battle back. Sophia without the assist of any microscopic powerhouses to multiple her muscle a thousand fold left her 110 pounds wet. Beneath a 150 pound pooch.

"I always wondered what bestiality was like." Sophia acts as if humping her own leg. Cam grimacing at the violation. In her canine assault she suddenly hears a loud scream within Xander's skull. Rolling away using Xander's front paws she covers her temples with them as if a migraine. 

"Stop yelling at me James. This hurts." Sophia thinks to herself in agony.

From the distance James Ian Pryce with his telepathic link to his dog had seen how she was abusing his pet. Within her adopted brain she hears the dogs Master, "My Dog! You're just in there until I can fix this. I'm not going to let you treat Xander like that."

Sophia whimpers as Cam watches her suffering, "You're just jealous because I won't kiss you like that." She challenges him.

"After this going down I doubt I ever fantasize about you again." James snaps, "Now go lay down or I'll mentally put you to sleep and keep you comatose."

"You can actually do that?" She sits up with a fearful reaction. Cam noticing her bizarre behavior. 

"I can make you roll over and play dead. Permanently if I had too. Xander is my best friend. I added a failsafe just in case I ever had to put him down. What you're doing with his body is stupid. He doesn't deserve that."

Sophia lowers Xander's head with a faint whine, "You're right. I'm sorry James. I'm just going stir crazy like this. When I get that way I resort to neediness. That usually means seduction."

"In my dogs body? Really?"

"I'm sorry James. Really I am. I'll respect your pets body from here on. I swear."

"Good. Now come find me I'll give you a piece of a doggy treat. Xander always gets one before bed. Ewww! Knock it off with thinking dirty in my dog. I'm talking about a broken chunk of a Milkbone."

"So was I." She giggles mentally.

"HEAL!" He roars.

"Whoa! As if that will turn me off. Fine. I'll be there in a minute and I'll be a good lil puppy. Here with Cam I just stare at my body wishing I was back in it."

"No more being dumb inside my Boy. I mean it."

"I hear you. Let me just apologize to Cam."

As James fades from her thoughts she settles down. Looking up at Cam in her body she realizes his concern, "I'm okay. James just put me in my place. I'm sorry Cam. I'm a nympho no matter what body I'm in. When I get stressed...well, you know."

Cam in Sophia's body puffs her cheeks, "I get it. Apology accepted. Let's just get through this mess as best as we can. Better or worse I'm going after my real body. We have to risk it Sophia. Neither of us want to be trapped like this forever."

"Hell no. I'm with you Big Daddy. Momma. Either or. But, in these bodies we're pretty helpless don't you think?"

"There's an alien armory at our disposal. Gotta be something around here that gives us the edge. James just needs to point it out."

Sophia nods her canine skull and turns heading to the foot of the bed. Before dropping down to the floor she tilts to look back, "If you want you can raid my luggage in my meditation room. I have clothes that fit my sexiness. Sorry no pants though. Only dresses and lacey things. Frilly girl here. There. Ugh! You get the idea."

Cam frowns, "I'm not wearing a damned mini skirt."

"Purple teddy in my bag. If it reminds you of your Charger outside. You can call it Hendrix 2.0."

As he rolls his eyes Xander's body is guided to the floor and goes to the door. Looking up at the control panel she then lifts a paw, knowing full well she wasn't going to be able to open the door. Whining Sophia turns, "Help a girl out?"

Cam crawls from bed in his baggy shirt and punches the exit button, watching the door hiss wide. Darting out into the hall Xander vanishes into the shadows. Both of them suddenly feeling so very alone. 

Cam feeling wide awake now groans, "Purple teddy. Aw hell! Might as well go see how she looks in it. Dammit! Malcolm is never going to let me live this down."

His journey left him in doubt. The closer he got to Sophia's meditation room where she had first been bathed in the parasitic rain the more he felt on edge. It was like reliving her first initial encounter with them. Her soul tugging at her interior as they overwhelmed her body. Even visions popped into his head of the trauma. Then the soothing song they sang.

"Nice tune." He whistles through Sophia's luscious lips then realizes something, "Why am I hearing it even when I'm talking to myself?"

Reaching the tank room where her life changed Cam shuffles in the darkness. There was no light in the room because Sophia could build her own through her friends. That and She was most likely able to see in the dark. Her eyes manipulating the spectrum. 

The singing grew louder the closer he got to her inner sanctum. Cautiously Cam followed the singing as it grew louder. He wasn't certain how he could even hear this. Presuming that Sophia's connective tissue having been bonded with the microscopic critters still had a link to them. Yet, they were absorbed into Verago. How could they even?

"Are you fellas trying to tell Sophia something?" He whispers.

The singing changed an octave forcing Cam to turn his gaze toward a far wall. Shuffling toward it he raised one of her hands as if to feel around. Touching the wall he discovers a tiny control console. Tapping at it the console lit up faintly and hissed open a hidden door ever so slowly. The power low still made the large door edge, stop, edge, stop until finally opening wide. Within was a massive aquarium connected to the outer shower compartment. Within the tank was what appeared only water. Touching the thick glass with Sophia's palm Cam discovered a glow around her entire hand as it pressed against the glass.

"Holy James Cameron. I think I found the Abyss."

He removes her palm then opts to merely apply her index fingertip. It too glowed. Almost as if trying to talk to her.

"Has to be more of that parasitic rain." He ponders then speaks up verbally, "If you're friendly blink my fingertip twice."

The light fades and returns twice. This made Cam huff his cheeks. Scared yet intrigued all the same. At least he was communicating with them.

"Your friends were kidnapped by an evil bad guy. Stolen from Sophia here. She misses them."

Suddenly, before his eyes a section of the glass lights up. Words forming in the water large enough to read. In English. They knew Sophia's language.

"We must rescue our family." The words recite then fade to be replaced with, "They miss their true host as well."

"Do you sense that I'm another inside Sophia's body? Not by choice."

"Yes." Lights write verse then quickly disperse.

"I mean no harm. I'm trapped in here. Your family is trapped on my real body. Only my body is controlled by the evil guy. His name's Verago. I want my body back."

"We understand."

"How can we work together to help our hosts?"

"Family talks to us. We are one."

"What can we do?"

"Unite." They pose.

Cam's thoughts run wild. This could be a fatal risk. Sophia survived their bathing and absorbing within her cells. Making her better. Should he risk bonding with new parasites? Although James referred to them as Parasitic Rain it appeared to him they were more symbiotic in nature. Sophia had not been harmed overall. 

"Prove to me you won't harm Sophia's body if I do what I'm considering."

"Join us." They write.

"That's not proof. Will my mind stay trapped in her body? Will her mind be blocked from re-entering this body after you guys take over? I want to be back in my own body. I need the truth."

"Truth." They light up, "No promises."

Cam pulls Sophia's hair rolling his eyes, "Guys! I'm risking her life and mine. Part of me trusts you. The Sophia part that is. I'm Cameron Scott in her head. That part is uncertain. What are our options?"

"Life. Death."

"Great."

"Can we even beat Verago between using your family and his own strength? His ole' lady is tough on her own."

"We are your Army."

Cameron lets that sink in. He seals his eyes listening to their song. So soothing. So hypnotic. He wanted to believe. Puffing her cheeks again he releases a defining sigh.

"My body might already be lost forever. Sorry Guys. I can't risk it without proof."

He starts to step away when the entire tank lights up as one in a blinding illumination. Covering her eyes he dares to look back. Eyes defying the light he reads as it lowers in intensity.

"All for One. One for All."

Swallowing dryly Cam realizes they knew of those words. Words he had tattooed on his true body's shoulder to shoulder span. There was no way having just met him if only mentally that they could possibly know of those words. They must truly be in contact with the others of their kind. That was meant to prove they were seeking help. Seeking to help.

"Don't make me regret this."

Exploring the aquarium's expanse he finds a thin ladder behind it. Climbing the ladder led to a platform above. A keypad sensor is touched that opens a panel covering the pool within. Standing tall he peers down into the depths. He must be insane he considered. What other choices did he have? Even if he perished at least Sophia might live. Her body at least. Maybe he was doing her a favor.

"Sabbath? If you can hear me. I hope I'm not making a mistake. Just know I care about you. Fuck it. I think I'm in love with you. At least you know. I hope so at least. If not? This is for you Sophia."

Deep breath Cameron Scott dives in like a pro. His eyes closed as he submerges below the pool. Managing to sink to the bottom he rears up to float amid the liquid. His buttoned down shirt chews away as if frying from his body. Her body. Then came the agony of the unknown. Sophia's body was being attacked. Like microscopic piranhas. Cameron Scott felt no pain.

Prowling the halls Sophia Ridge in her canine body stops in her tracks. Her Mother Madigan had gone on a makeshift walk with her on her journey to James. She had gotten sidetracked in her Mother's consoling.

"Cameron!" Sophia bolts away as she cries out mentally, "JAMES? HELP!"

In his lab James and Jack halted their discussion of weapon ideas in the armory. Their own bonding moment cut short by Sophia's piercing interruption. Mentally locking on to his dogs vision he uses it to see where Sophia was going. 

"What's wrong Kid?" Jack moves closer to see his strain.

"We have to go to Sophia's meditation room. Sophia is heading there now. Something bad is going down."

Jack darts from the boy in a mad dash. His run faster than James due to his abilities. In passing Ruby's room she pops her head out at the commotion. Wearing only her panties she quickly covered her chest as James flew by.

"What's going on?" She swiftly darts to grab a t-shirt pulling it on then racing after them.

Reaching the meditation chamber they find Xander sitting in front of the aquarium.

Madigan Ridge drifting beside her. Sophia's eyes glued to what was unfolding before her. Jack slowing to a walk paced in behind Xander. His own eyes bulging at the sight.

James and Ruby arrive post haste to join them in a look of horror.

"I think Cameron just committed suicide." Sophia yelps, "In my body."

Before then drifted Sophia's skeleton. Consumed of all other muscles, blood, and nervous system. 

"Dear God."

Sixty three miles away, Sabbath Black isolating herself from Mother and Verago sheds a bloody tear.

Cameron Scott was lost. His life sucked away in the blink of an eye. Sophia's life as well.

"Where the fuck am I?"