 An hour prior to Cameron Scott's suicide.

Jack Ramse stalked about the alien armory in a welcomed usage of solar powered lamps. Now that the sun shields were removed the collectors let the sun in during the day and absorbed its energy. Ramping up their power sources enough to make things more comfortable at night. Having had taken a quick bath to feel invigorated and given himself enough time to devise a strategy he dove right in.

Behind him James Ian Pryce was tinkering at a table with something mechanical looking. He had no idea what the boy was doing. At the moment he didn't stress on it. Eying the returned drones that had survived the Vampire attack he puckers. Turning his profile toward James he interrupts the lad.

"These drones. If they manipulate gravity dropping Vamps like flies, making them heavy. Can they also make things lighter?"

"Sure can. How do you think aliens helped build the Pyramids?"

"What kind of range can these travel? Wait. What? Pyramids? I don't wanna know."

"Not the Ganthorian's mind you. The Osirian's. That's how the ancient Egyptian's named the chief God Osiris. Anyway, I could probably increase their distance with programming. Otherwise I'm guessing 100 miles tops. The further any signal relay goes the less it reads and responds. Why?"

"Well, we don't know exactly where these Vamp's call home. But, if they're within range we can still use these drones. Not only as combatants but to get us there faster. They can lift us up and haul us right?"

"Neat idea. I don't see why not." James puckers his lower lip.

"Another idea. Sophia used ultraviolet light to toast the Vampires. Can we create grenades like that? Even retool these Ion guns to create the effect?"

"Easy enough. I like your thoughts Jack. I can even fit a few of the drones with the Lava shells I made for Ruby. Whatever gives us the advantage."

"We need protective armor. Something to keep us from being bitten or torn up."

"Life fiber. Remember my bringing that up? Nobody seemed that interested in it." He reveals one of his gloves from his pants pocket. Showing Jack as he puts it on his left hand he wills it to strengthen up. Changing color from white to grey then hardening around his knuckles.

"Shake?" James extends his hand. Jack reaching out to grasp the boys hand. It felt soft to Jack's touch but just as quickly it turned as hard as steel only flexible. The alteration took Jack Ramse by surprise.

"It's molecular structure obeys its wearer. It can be cloth until you will it to be what you need it to be. In this case steel like armor. Yet easily manipulated to move freely."

"Good job Kid. We should have listened to you more."

"All good. We've been kept busy so I understand. Now you know. If we all wear these fibers were like Knights."

"Okay. Tech wise I think we have an advantage." Jack releases the boys hand watching the fiber return to its original material, "What about ways we can save Cameron's body from Verago?"

"Well, like I said that Chinese bestseller has loads of magic spells in it. It's all Doctor Strange kind of stuff. But, with each spell there's a curse to it. This keeps anyone from using it unless it becomes absolutely necessary. We're talking seriously dark magic here Jackson. Jack. Sorry."

"My dad used to call me Jackson. Can anyone access these spells? Perform them?"

"Sure. Might be fatal though."

"What if an Immortal spoke them?"

James raises a brow, "Gaicazar? Interesting idea. Maybe. Although Verago depleted his Immortality a bit. We could run it by the guy. Only worry I have is him being so in tune with God that he might not want to delve into dark magic. All blasphemy and heretic kind of thing."

"I guess we convince him. If anything he would want to destroy evil. So fight fire with fire. I'll talk to him."

"Other thoughts." James adds, "Malcolm. When his ruins expose they seem to create different power sets to those who touch them. I say we test run touching those and sample possibilities. You, Ruby..."

"Stop right there. Ruby stays here."

James creases his brow, "Worried about her health? You know don't you?"

"You already knew?"

"Suspected." James shies away eye contact.

"I need you to stay here with Ruby and Greta. If anything goes wrong at least I know you three are safe."

"Two."

Both men look around hearing Greta Winston's voice but don't see her.

"Snooping?" Jack winces.

"Testing myself. Sorry. Don't mean to intrude on Ya'll. I'd turn to normal but I'd make you blush. Won't even say what I'd prolly do to James." She giggles.

"Nice to see you embracing these powers instead of being bummed about it." Jack nods. "Getting used to it. Feels easier going back and forth now."

James steps to a cabinet to his left and pulls out a long length of life fiber cloth. Fanning it out he guesses at how much might be needed. Convinced he had calculated right he drags it toward Greta's voice.

"I'll hold this up. Greta? I want you to walk into the material and drape it around you. Once you're covered just expose your neck up."

"Alright then." The men observe the material being claimed from James and forming around Greta. Once her entire body is shrouded save for her head she stands there, "What now?"

James shrugs one shoulder, "I want you to tell the fiber to form around your body as if a second skin."

"Yeah, okay. Uhh! Feel me up?"

The cloth constricts instantly enveloping around her every muscle. Tightening up as if her own flesh. Before Jack and James her body stood directly in front of them. Jack chuckles and plants a hand over the eyes of James.

"What's the matter?" She shivers. "This thing feels cozy."

"A bit too cozy. Might wanna look at yourself a tad closer."

Her head still invisible Greta bends and looks herself over. Sure enough she had serious camel toe and her nipples were sky high. She quickly hides her private parts from them. James sighs, "Just tell the fiber to expand in your trouble centers. All it takes is letting it know what you need of it."

"Hide my private parts. Here and here." She touches herself. To everyone's surprise her breasts turn invisible. As well as her vaginal region, "Not what I meant." They then return to show the cloth only thicker and less exposing.

"That's better." Jack expresses removing his hand away from James.

"Looks good on you Greta." The boy acknowledges, "Will your whole body invisible now."

"Gotcha." She swiftly fades away, "By golly I like this. Now I can go all see through and back. Might miss my hat though."

"At least you can come and go as you please. This bit of stealth could come in handy. Can anybody turn invisible wearing that stuff?" Jack pondered aloud.

"I don't think so. It adapts to what you are. You don't have her power. All it might do for you other than armor up is fine tune your own abilities."

"What about Elle? Could it become diamond all over?"

"Good question."

Greta dances in step revealing her head to them, "I'll go find Elle."

As Greta departs Jack eyes more clothe from the cabinet. Rubbing his chin he considers the possibilities.

"You mentioned Malcolm's runes. What if any of us wore these then touched a rune. Would it adapt to the ability of the rune?"

"I love your mind." James grins, "Only one way to know. We'll try it in the morning. If it does then Cam in Sophia's body can power up as needed. You know nothing is going to stop Cam from going after his body and Sabbath."

"Yeah, I know. Let's keep cataloging our thoughts. What else--"

James grows grim tilting his head down. Fingers applied to his temple. Before Jack the boy starts arguing with Sophia Ridge in his mind. His expressions turning his face red with anger. Something was going on with his dog. With Sophia in control of the German Shepard.

Once the argument was over James returns to Jack fulltime, "Sorry. I had to set Sophia in her place."

"Go figure."

"Where were we? Oh, yeah! Weaponized . This doohickey I've been working on is a sonic collar. Breaking down a translator collar to add more to it. Bats are susceptible to sonar at night. If I can use this silent whistle in the form of a low frequency sonic scream that only they can hear might send them into a panic. To the point they can't even think straight."

"Who wears this? And, how does this effect Xander? We both know you won't be able to keep Sophia caged up."

"I'll block Xander's ears with tiny plugs. Of course that might make her deaf to everyone else. Just make sure she stays close to you. And, yeah, I'm scared shitless I'll get my dog killed in all of this. It sucks ass."

Jack raises up a length of life fiber, "Trojan horse?"

James looked impressed, "Now I know how you rose in rank. Don't say Trojan around Sophia. You know how perverted she gets."

The Colonel smirks. He knew very well.

A few minutes later Greta guides a sleepy Elle Franklin in. She was only wearing a long black tank top. Impressed by Greta's outfit was the only thing that got Elle out of bed. Jack peels another length of life fiber from its spool and tosses it at Elle, "Try this on."

Elle snatches it from the air and wraps it around her body. 

"Tell it to tighten up." Greta took charge giddily.

The material following direction molds around Elle and form fits her body. Second skin indeed. Just as Greta had faced earlier the cloth tightens up in all the wrong places. Greta stepping in front of Elle to block the view of the guys.

"Might wanna--" Greta points out Elle's nipples and her plunging camel toe.

Elle winces, "Not all of us worry about modesty. But, I'll humor you." The material evening out with more concealment. Greta then steps aside.

"Feels good don't it?" Greta purrs.

"Sure. Why am I wearing this Jack?"

"Try something for me. I want you to think of your diamond covered areas then imagine them all over your entire body."

Brows rise at the thought. Giving in Elle ponders the option. The life fiber scanning her diamond hide and reinventing its material to compensate. In minutes from Elle's neck down her whole body morphed into diamond. In awe Elle Franklin clenched her fists and admired the change with a fixation.

"Isn't that something?" Elle puckers.

"Now wearing this you might not be able to absorb sunlight unless you expose you real arm there. But, the suit with protect the rest of you from localized injury. Same goes for your healing hand. All you need to do is tell the suit you need your hand. The suit will reveal it." James points out, "Oh, and if you want to protect your head more just tell the life fiber to cloak your scalp too. Keep your eyes open to be able to focalize your energy storage."

"Loving this. You're the man, Boy." Elle grins as Greta hugs her from the side.

Jack waves her on, "Go get some rest Elle. We head out early morning."

"Night People."

Elle and Greta take their leave. The guys examining more theories. Ten minutes later all hell would break loose. Nobody could sleep this night.

James hearing the mental scream of Sophia Ridge he reacts. Jack following then taking the lead. The nightmare unfolding in the meditation chamber of Sophia Ridge bringing them all to tears. Sorrow met by all.

In his leap to run James had dropped his life fiber glove atop something he hadn't planned. It had been cast over the ruby Amulet he kept near to keep his imprisoned dog Xander close to him. All but forgotten in their sudden departure.

Laying flat upon the gem the glove increases in size becoming as if a blanket. In its flattened state the cloth spikes up. Then down flat again. Another rise upward. Something wanted to breath again.

"Where am I?" Cameron Scott felt lost in time and space. His mind a mental mess. All he could envision was white light. Growing dimmer by the minute. Was this death?

It was indeed. His thought patterns had been absorbed into the hive mind of the parasitic microbes. As he realized the silence was universal. 

"Welcome Cameron Scott." As if a trillion voices spoke at once.

"Am I dead?"

"Yes. No. Both."

"Let's explain that better." Cam needed knowledge.

"You are among friends. We who lived in within the inland sea. You must trust us Cameron Scott. All will be realized soon."

"If you say so. Did Sophia die?"

"Yes. No. Both." Again they offer.

"If I'm alive how does this help any of us?"

"See as we see. Join us."

"All I see is white light. Wait I see shadows moving about. What am I seeing?"

"See as we see."

"I'm trying dammit. What am I looking for?"

Suddenly, Cameron Scott see's clearly. Staring directly into the face of Mother Lilith in all of her vile beauty. 

"Oh crap." Cam hisses, "Am I back in my own body?"

"Yes. You see as we see. Our family held prisoner within your body."

"Right. You have a link with your kin. So even though they inhabit Verago. Who inhabits my body you see what they see. So therefore I see what they see. What you see. God I'm confused."

"Yes."

"Does Verago know I'm seeing through--our eyes?"

"He does not."

"Can I assume control over my body?"

"No. Verago is in control over you. And, our family."

"Just not you guys. Being in the Ganthorian craft."

"Yes."

"Okay. So how does this help?"

"Trust us."

"Alrighty then. Not much choice. I'll just try not to look at that ugly bitch. Godammit! Is he fucking her with my body? Sonuva!"

Cameron Scott could only live in his own personal hell.

Back at the aquarium Ruby crouches beside Sophia in Xander's form. All any of them could do was grieve. Now joined by Greta and Elle they pray for Cameron's soul.

As they bawl their eyes out they hear whining coming from behind them. James sensing something awry. Turning toward the entrance his eyes bulge at an unexpected intruder. "Xander?"

In limps the cloaked body of a doppelganger in the form of his dog. Shrouded by the life fiber that had draped over the Amulet. All peering left to bear witness. Sophia in Xander's true body stands up and trots over to her clothed mirror image. Sniffing each other for recognition. 

"What is going on?" Ruby stands hugging Jack from the side. Greta smiling at their closeness. Her admiration then directed to the confusing scene at the doorway. As Sophia touched snouts with the life fiber James hears barking from within his mind. Piercing the veil James touches his translator collar for confirmation.

"I'm hungry Master."

"Xander? Holy crud." James mumbles as the group look to him for knowledge. Watching the boy easing toward both dogs. Kneeling beside them Sophia in Xander's true body whimpers.

"Xander's mind is inside this--" She informs.

"Life fiber. I tossed my glove in a hurry. I think it draped over the Amulet. Somehow the fiber picked up on Xander's thought patterns. It must have somehow sucked Xander's conscience out of the gem."

"Get's weirder and weirder." Elle huffs faintly. Enough for the others to timidly agree. "So, how do we get Xander out of there?" Jack shudders to think about it.

"I think our best move is to let the life fiber flow over both he and Sophia. Maybe Xander can fuse back into his own body."

"Wait! What happens to my mind though?" Sophia whines.

"I don't know. Got any better ideas?"

Looking over at her Mother Madigan Ridge she yelps, "I love you Mom. If this goes wrong. Tell Dad if you ever get out of this place I love him too."

Madigan floats to her Daughter's side, "Allow me."

Touching her daughters canine fur Sophia feels her body go intangible. Once realization kicks that her Mother's abilities had returned her astral body eases within the life fiber construct. Once enveloped the fiber moves about as if trying to recognize a new inhabitant. Finally adjusting to the shape of one Xander. It was strange to witness for certain.

"Sophia?" James calls out mentally.

"I'm here. So is Xander. Same body I think."

"So far so good." James looks back at the gathering.

"What do I do now?"

"Think. Tell the life fiber to release you."

Scooting back James watches the cloth slowly shrivel away from his dogs body, until the German Shepard crawled whining from the fabric.

"Sophia?" Madigan calls down.

No answer. Seeing James the dog leaps toward him licking his face and toppling him back on to his ass. Xander was happy to be home. 

"Xander's back. Yesssssss!" The boy laughs and hugs his dog.

"Is Sophia inside Xander still?" Madigan had to know.

Deeply thinking James holds Xander by his face to peer within. With a saddened look James opens his eyes., "She's not here."

"No!" Madigan could only offer. The others expressing a similar exhale.

As they stare at James a sudden movement next to them catches everyone off guard. The fabric was rising up from the floor like a kid in a sheet posing for Halloween. With a deafening gasp out of the entire group the cloth continues to rise. Dramatically the fabric molds around a human form. 

"SOPHIA!" Madigan smiles.

"You ghosted me Mom. I think I'm here but I'm not here." They hear through the muffling cloth.

The material recreating Sophia's body to the tee. Even her hair. Only the cloth was dominant in color. Even her eyes were the color of the material.

Before everyone could even grasp how this was possible a flashing light distracts them. Their attention turning toward the aquarium. Writing appearing along the glass. Sophia swiftly walks around everyone to consult the glass.

The words written, "Join us Piper Sophia."

Jack immediately steps forward, "You saw what they did to Cameron in your own body. I can't let you take the same risk. We lost you two once. Cam's long gone for sure." 

"Singing in my mind." Sophia falters, "Jack. I'll be okay. I can feel a connection."

James joins Sophia to her left, "Sophia? Question. Can you feel the Amulet inside the cloth?"

"I feel something strange. Maybe. It feels like a void but then again my body isn't really in this suit. Right?"

"We don't know what exposing the Amulet's powers might do to you. Or the Parasitic Rain. It might swallow all of you up."

"Do we have many choices?" Elle grimaces.

"Let me try this." Sophia turns to Jack for confirmation. Ruby joining Jack in their final decision.

"Do it."

The light writing recites, "Trust us."

"Famous last words." Elle grumbles.

Jack walks with Sophia around the aquarium and watches her find her way up. At the top Sophia waves down at Jack. All he could respond with was a salute. Respect.

Diving almost as Cameron had she sinks to the bottom and discovers her bones up close. The others observing her swim from the opposite side of the tank. The life fiber suit was holding its ground. That or the parasites were not feeding. As if being directed Sophia lifts her skeleton up in front of her, literally watching as the life fiber suit molds and merges both she and the skeletal remains.

Once enclosed the Survivors watched yet another strange battle morphing the life fiber in strange contortions. Everyone held their breath. Once the distortions smoothed out the suit took the form of Sophia once more. Then the feeding began. The life fiber being devoured by the microscopic beings. Once the feeding frenzy stopped there stood in the clearing bubbles was Sophia Ridge. Her body once more golden and as it once was. Grinning at her rebirth Sophia's mind was again reunited with her body. Her DNA reconstituted as the symbiotic relationship worked in unison with Sophia's faith in them. Pointing up Sophia launches herself to the surface and crawls out of the aquarium. 

Jack stepped away from any splashing over in her escape. He knew even his body might suffer their touch. Deciding it best to return to everyone. They heard Sophia cry out, "NEVER FELT BETTER."

The crowd wanted to cheer but they were still too much in awe.
