 "Sister?"

Sabbath Black skulked about in the darkness. Sight perfect as she made her way through the narrow hallways of the Oil Tanker Velchek. Reaching a large meat locker that was kept sealed from the outside world she palms the massive door. Sensing, probing, awaiting acknowledgment. She knew her sibling was within but it had been weeks since she had communicated with her. Something was blocking all mental connection between them.

"Lily?"

A thump is heard upon the interior wall of the door. No words spoken. Fear crosses Sabbath's face. She wanted to abuse her strength and rip the door from its hinges and locks. Yet, to do so bringing punishment. Lurking children eying her behavior ready to report. To attack in their Mother's interests. Mother would be cross.

Now that Verago had been released her sister had been isolated and kept to herself. Why? Sabbath had no idea. Could it be what she had learned from James Ian Pryce be true? Could she and Lily truly be the reincarnation of Adam and Eve? A single soul split into two. That would make sense. With Mother's interest in Lily Sabbath concludes that her sister was more important. Yet, Sabbath herself had some role yet to be played out.

For years Sabbath had been allowed to come and go as she pleased. Unlike her sister. Never fully understanding why she was banned from her side. Even though the mad Magician had made she and Lily, inevitably their true Master was Mother Lilith. She who made Sir Primross. Her brightest prodigy. Her dimmest failure.

Within the meat locker a beautiful young woman stalked about as ever. Unchained. Left to roam free within her prison. Tattered dress that she arrived in. Lost. Felt forgotten. Saddened by her sister's abandonment. Sensing her Maker's demise. Sir Primross no longer controlling her thoughts. Now only Mother communicated her love. Yet, why would any true Mother treat her child this way? Voices unheard. Sabbath on the opposite side weeping blood. She too lost. 

For now, two sister's could only miss one another. 

Within her nesting chamber Mother smiled. Everything was coming together. A child would be born soon. Her little Angel.

Sixty three miles away Jack and Ruby took the time to sit alone. On the bridge of the Ganthorian starship. All others occupied or preparing for the dawn. In a sense this was the calm before the storm.

"Are we insane to risk ourselves like this Jack? None of you may survive. That just leaves me and James here to hold our position. Feed the cattle. Wait on your reports."

"Cam is out there stuck inside Verago, Ruby. We can't turn our cheek. He's one of us. Besides those Vampires are going to keep coming. Unless we end them, if that's even possible."

"I can't help but worry." She rubs her belly, "Just in case."

Jack nods, in a bold honorable move he removes his dog tags and hangs them around Ruby's neck. As tough as Ruby was that brought a tear to her eye. Jack at least acknowledged parenthood. If she was indeed pregnant. Time would tell. 

"Damn you Jack. That was too sweet."

"Don't get too misty eyed. I know how you feel about the Kid checking you out but while we're gone it might be a good time to get a diagnosis. You saw how I couldn't touch your belly. Obviously something's wrong or the kid has issues with me."

"Surely not. I haven't been around anything that could give me any powers or wreck my health."

"We had sex. My health was boosted up. Weaver bug increased everything about me Ruby. That's enough to alter my whole outlook. Not to sound arrogant but my seaman was probably nitro in the tank. If it causes you harm I'm truly sorry. I know we're not in any position to be raising a baby in this crazy world. But, if it does happen then we deal with it."

"We? Don't you mean me Jack?"

He narrows his eyes and drops his gaze. Choosing his words wisely. She beats him too it. "Get real Jack. Your resume says it all. You're a lone wolf. Staying here this long is a shock. We both know that some day I'll wake up and you'll be long gone."

He nods dryly, "Let's just win this war and deal with my actions later. One step at a time okay?"

"So, baby steps?" She cocks an eye brow to make him think.

"Yeah. I better check on James. He said he was working on something more for me to use. I'm going to put on a life fiber suit too. Whatever gives us a better chance at success."

She too nods with a timid scowl, "You do that." Then pats his cheek before walking away. She needed space to cry.

In Sophia Ridge's isolation area her mother Madigan snuck in on her. Walking in this time rather than phasing through a wall. She wanted to surprise her daughter but a hug could prove deadly. Instead she merely spoke up.

"Piper Sophia?"

"Oh, hey Mom." Sophia sat Indian style on the floor. Having sat so long her body had etched an imprint that lightly smoked from her acidic flesh. She had been getting to know her new allies. That and attempting to understand the Amulet's mystical properties now that it was a part of her. 

"Look at me Sweetheart?"

Her daughter opens her eyes and looks to her right. Jaw drooping she turns it into a smile, "You're back to the land of the living."

"I am. Wearing the life fiber suit has maintained my human switch. Yet, I can will myself back and forth now. Not so dead after all."

"I still don't grasp that you're alive. I'm just glad that you are."

"As am I. I'm not even going to attempt to understand it all. Just chalk it up to this strange place we live in. God is good."

"Is he? I've been sitting here trying to communicate with the Amulet. When I was trapped within it I kept feeling like something else was in there with me. If I could read Xander's mind I'd ask him if he sensed it too."

"James does have a translator collar on his dog now. Ask him when you get the chance."

"Right. I still have a few hours before dawn. I'm going to meditate awhile longer. See if I can pinpoint more. I want to hug you but I'm afraid too right now. My friends might allow it but the Amulet could suck you into me. I can't risk losing you again."

"I understand. Someday things will be back to normal. Normal enough to let us bond better that is. God willing."

Each time Sophia hears the word God she feels a tingling she can't explain. Was it good or bad? Not even her little friends could predict it.

Outside the Ganthorian craft Roman Centurion Antonaeus Gaicazar stood guard. Now within his newfound armored state he felt more invincible than ever. His light returning gave him reason to rejoice. He could not comprehend his luck outside of his belief in Christ. His hand involved in all of creation spoke volume. 

In his patrol of the grounds he notices Greta Winston feeding her cattle and her horse Quiver. She had no idea how long they would be gone. Therefore she worked hard at tending to the herd. Gaicazar respected a hard working woman. 

"Your horse appears strong. A sturdy beast indeed." He calls through the static fence. "Ole Quiver's young and full of it. Been more faithful to me than most Fellas."

"A worthy steed is better than the riches of the Emperor himself."

She eyes the Roman with a bit of worry. Pointing at him directly she squints, "Don't you get no ideas about hightailing it with my horse. MINE! Not yours."

"Fear not. I will respect your wishes. I merely miss my own steed Romidas. He rode into this world with me and my Legion. I fear he perished long ago."

"Vamps kill him?"

"Nay. We ate him. My Legion was starving. All of our steeds were lost over time."

"Dang! Well my Quiver's not on any fancy menu. I'd die before havin' to eat him."

"I thought as you did. I was Immortal. However my Legion were not. Sacrifices were made. A decision I do not regret. Unfortunate it was that we encountered the children of the Mother. My Legion was lost. Only I survived until overcome. Held hostage for years to feed their number. In the end it was I that was sacrificed by my Legion."

"Sorry for your loss." She checks the pumping system to make certain water from below was still flowing properly. Fanning her hand she knew she needed to clean up the shit but had no time to do so. It would have to wait.

Conversation waning Greta excuses herself to head back inside. Gaicazar had yet to step foot within the ship. Preferring to embrace what he understood. That, and the ship reminded him far to much of Gladiator arenas. 

James Ian had aggressively moved from one toy to the next. He was trying his best to consider all probabilities. His friends needed every bit of tech he could muster on short notice. Programming the drones with multiple functions. Everything from using them as transport to ultraviolet bursts. Going so far as incorporating what he referred to as Fizz Jizz. The concoction he made from the lava lamps they discovered in the cargo containers. A mere dart that once injected would create a waxy texture in the blood stream of the vampires and force them to literally harden up. That made slaying them so much easier. 

His mission then having the orbs scan and share knowledge of the Chinese spell book. Computer verse might prevent associating curses upon the reader. A sacrifice that protected the humans. He hoped.

His final step led him to piece together parts to conceive a gauntlet for Jack. Adding in thought controlled options he could choose from. Speak of the Devil.

"How's it going Kid?" Jack enters the boys workshop.

"Almost ready. Built you a personal weapon. This gauntlet responds to what ever the wearer tells it to mentally. By attaching it to your life fiber it will pick up on your brain communication."

"What's it do?"

"Works on a vibrational level. It can create shockwaves in the form of bombarding energy. Not extremely powerful but it will knock its target for a loop. Just point, aim, and fire. As long as you wear the life fiber over your hand it won't break any bones. I wouldn't try it without the glove though."

"That all it does?"

"Short notice yeah. Sorry I couldn't do more. Survive this and give me time I can build pretty much anything."

"Just not get this ship up and flying?"

"Sorry Colonel. Energy required is beyond what we have. Someday maybe. But, it's going to require a lot of power. That and fixing the hull where the pool is below."

"Okay." Jack nods fidgeting, "Kid? Look after Ruby for me."

Stunned by his request James merely swallows, "I will." Pondering whether he was worried he might not survive or if he just wasn't coming back. James felt really sad suddenly.

Turning away Jack notes the sword Soultaker laying near the Amulet's shell. Stepping over to it he grips the hilt and looks within the blade itself. Without warning he see's a vision of battle. It's owner Kong Zao fighting off hordes of Chinese warriors possessed by demonic influence. Each death resulting in the blade glowing and stealing a soul. It gave him the shivers. His final chill coming from Kong Zao appearing to look right at Jack himself. Raising the sword for him to claim. Kneeling and bowing before it's new owner. Swallowing dryly Jack nods as the vision fades.

"You okay Colonel?" James cautiously circles him.

"Now that Gaicazar's blade is intact I'm going to take this with me. Hopefully I can use it wisely."

"You know how to sword fight?"

"Only one way to learn." Jack swings it in an X formation. He would do Kong Zao proud. Or die trying. Maybe Kong Zao would give him a few tips along the way.

Back at the Oil Tanker the fallen Angel Verago strolled about the interior. Leaving Mother to her nurturing. This new world included a new body. He needed to stretch his legs. Children skulking about in shadows bowed before his grandeur. His size increasing by the hour. Morphing. Into what Verago desired. Never quite satisfied.

His senses becoming more in tune with his environment he discovers heartbeats. Souls shimmering in well hidden places. Thunderous foot steps lead him to the meat locker that held Lillian Black. Outside the door finding her sister Sabbath weeping.

"You are the Third. I can sense that which lies within."

"Master." Sabbath bows until Verago crouches low to reach down and pluck up her chin. 

As her eyes react to stare into his face she looks deeply into his eyes. To her surprise she spots what appeared to be the refection of Cameron Scott. He was smiling. Even if Verago's own exterior said differently.

"The Creator gave you a part of himself. I can feel him within your shell. Such a lovely form."

Sabbath was afraid to speak. Verago turning her face from side to side examining her. She could tell lust was growing in more ways than the obvious. Verago was always a ladies man. Even in Heaven. Definitely within Hell. 

With a talon Verago severs her dress from cleavage downward. Escorting the material from her full frontal. Her milky white body stunning and perfect in every facet. His pleasure noted through subtle growls. Nails gently taunting and jostling her breasts. A thin slice upon her belly as the nail trails toward her thighs. Blood trickling and cut healing almost instantly at his inspection. 

As he hungers for her beauty he finds himself distracted. An abrupt pounding on the interior of the meat locker brought curiosity.

"What have we here?" He rises abandoning Sabbath who must endure Verago's manhood as it rolls across her body in an insulting delivery. Pre-juices trickling down her body without care. Finally, as he stands tall it hovers above her as he did. She was too terrified to even move. Endure was her only option.

The pounding ceased as Verago places a palm on the steel compartments door. His senses trying to define the nature of the interruption. Sabbath knew that Lily was only trying to help her. In doing so putting herself in possible danger.

With narrowed gaze Verago reaches up with both hands to dig nails into the doors seams. Preparing to dismantle the door he hears deafening screeches all around him. The children warning Mother of his actions. With a darkened roar he quiets them. His attention returning to task.

Within his mind he hears a soothing voice.

"Beloved. You would ruin my most precious gift before it is time?"

Verago halts his endeavor a moment longer to leer about with scrutiny. His seething gaze informing all who watch to run and hide.

"What do you hide from me?" He snarls.

"If you must look. I cannot stop you Beloved. I caution you only. To peer upon what hides behind that door will only hinder our child. The time is not right. The choice is yours Verago."

Easing away Verago subsides his brewing rage. He would turn his attention toward the Third. She would offer him a sample of what his future held. She would satisfy his--

"Where did you go little one? To hide from your Master will only bring you pain."

Sabbath Black was gone. Only her tattered dress was left for him to procure with bitterness.

Within Verago deepest thoughts an imprisoned Cameron Scott chuckled, "Suckered you Bitch Boy."

He just hoped Sabbath had gotten away. 

"Damn she had a hot ass body."

Dawn was rising upon the Horizon. Jack and his merry men and women lined up outside the Ganthorian ship. Weapons and needs checked. Information directed through Jack and James concerning their life fiber suits. Their individual power sets increased they felt ready for anything. 

Ruby stood alone with her arms folded over her chest. She had nothing more to say. Eying Jack readying his troops for War made her proud yet depressed all the same. This could end up being the last she saw of any of them. 

In Ruby's quiet reflection she felt her belly flutter. Reaching a palm down to console the movement she narrows her gaze, "Come on now. You can't be far enough along to start kicking." Another flutter rolls vibrations across her palm as if communicating, "Good gravy. Okay fine. What do you think of the name Rose if you're a girl? Thorn if you're a boy? Because your Dad sure is a thorn in my side."

The flutter vanishes. Leaving Ruby to scowl and look at her stomach, "Guess you didn't like either name." While her gaze lowered a rabbit hops across her path of vision. 

Smirking at it she realized that he was not the only rabbit. To her sides were four others. Behind her another three. All just sitting there calmly. Noses wiggling. Merely watching. Ruby merely shrugs and returns her gaze toward the troops.

In final preparation Jack takes time to salute Ruby. She offered a respected salute in return. No more words were offered. 

Calling upon the drones James offers Jack a small remote. 

"This will allow you to tell the drones what you need them to do. Just talk into it. They will obey."

Jack looks the device over then talks into it, "Soldiers in formation."

The fifty drones line up side by side and hover. Awaiting their next command. Puckering Jack barks, "Gravitational lift Elle."

Elle Franklin admires a drone dart next to her cascading her with a thin red glow as it compensates her weight. Lifting her three feet off the ground as if a feather. Elle leers back at Jack, "Hey! My diets working."

"Gravitational lift Gaicazar, Madigan, Sophia, Greta, Malcolm. Myself." Jack barks.

Everyone bears witness to their own personal Chauffeur. Once lifted and gear positioned for comfort Jack mentally guides himself into the lead. Only Gaicazar could complain of his predicament. Greta settling his nerves.

Malcolm at human size chose to go with the posse normal. His enlarged size would be reserved for the battle ahead. Madigan shared a smile between Malcolm and Sophia. Sophia noticing her Mother's eye contact with Malcolm a bit too flirtatious. In a way Sophia had to approve. She knew going home to 2019 was probably impossible. Let Mom have her fun. Her Dad had probably already moved on.

"Let's move out." Jack barks.

Everyone eased higher into the air awkwardly. Comments made as to their mode of travel. Some liked it. Others would rather walk. They would endure. Below them James Ian Pryce jumped for joy at their flight. To him this was right out of a comic book.

Watching the troop disappear over the horizon James Ian kneels to calm his barking dog. Hugging the canine by his waist he pats the pup on the scalp.

"What do you think of the super team name The Light Brigade?"

His dog whimpers then licks his Master's face.

"Better yet, The Life Force. Yeah! I like that one." James was in a world all his own.

Another time. Another place. The year 2020 A.D..

Langley Virginia. C.I.A. Headquarters. 

Below their Offices was a secret installation known as "REGION". One of their smaller branches.

"General Ridge? Welcome." Spoke a lovely black haired beauty wearing a grey dress. Large thick rimmed glasses accenting her face. She was very proper, "My name is Judith Lamb. I'm Director of Paranormal Protocol."

"Ms. Lamb." He shakes her hand, "What is this so called emergency all about?" The 6'3 very distinguished General glared. Judith told herself not to think of the fact he looked like Sean Connery in his prime.

"Well, Sir. I believe we've found your Wife."

General Obadiah Ridge could only sneer. After a year gone by he had lost all hope. This had better be valid or heads would roll.

"Follow me General. It's time for a History lesson."

He had just a day before laid fresh flowers on his Wife's empty grave. More upon his daughters. 

This had better be good.