 The Ganthorian Hilton.

Ruby had been pouting for the last hour. Miserable at being left alone to baby sit not only James Ian Pryce but possibly her own unborn child. It was pretty obvious she was carrying Jack's child yet she had no rock solid evidence as of yet. It wasn't as easy as going to the corner market for a pregnancy test.

James had gone off to his lab to keep tinkering. His eagerness led Ruby to shrug and motion him to go away. She just hoped he would stay out of trouble. Now would not be the time to create any further dilemmas. It was bad enough not knowing the outcome of Jack's unit paying a visit to the Mother's Vamp Camp.

Sobbing a bit she wiped her tears on her wrist and got up from her seat in the ships Bridge. Enough looking out into the desert. She needed fresh air. Deciding to check on the cows. It was now her responsibility to keep things in order until they returned. If they returned. A quick call via her throat collar lets James know she's going outside. In case he needed her.

Lowering the ramp Ruby slowly made her descent. Her depression forced her to walk at a ho-hum pace. Reaching the base of the ramp she stops to look toward the cattle and Greta's horse Quiver. Everything appeared good. Even through their static net pen she could see them leisurely eating, resting, or strolling about. She really wasn't in a mood for dealing with shoveling shit. God knows the smell required it. 

Choosing instead to take a stroll along their crops. Her rabbit friends hopping about freely. She worried they might eat their entire crop beds but strangely it appeared the crops were still thriving. Something to keep an eye on regardless. What did bother her was that the bunnies tended to keep a close eye on her. Kind of spooky. 

Her tour led her over to the 71 Charger that Cameron Scott had claimed as his own. She caressed the hood feeling Cam's loss. He never had a chance to even detail it. A tear formed in her eye. Her emotions were in and out. That in itself didn't bode well hoping she really wasn't pregnant. 

Eying the dozens of other cargo containers that they hadn't had the opportunity to open she decides to kill time and keep her mind occupied. At least knowing what other treasures might be hidden within. Most of the containers were locked up tight. She didn't find it easy to open them. Without Jack's strength or Elle's laser cutting eyes her job was strenuous. She huffed loudly, "You can bet the bolt cutters are in one of these bastards."

Losing her temper after a good ten minutes of using a rock to pummel the locks she growls reaching behind her waist, "Figures. The one time I leave my Glock inside. Need to conserve the bullets anyway. Dammit! I wanna know what's inside these."

In her fuming and pacing about one of the rabbits hops up to her side. Planting it's front paws up on the container door. In a strange chinking noise Ruby heard the lock come undone. Raising an eye brow she surmises that her rock pounding had jarred it just enough. If not then these rabbits had the luckiest feet around.

"Don't get cocky." She winces at the hare, "You know I loosened it."

The rabbit merely sits up on its hind legs and wiggles its whiskers before darting away. After watching it retreat Ruby shrugs. She just didn't know what to make of them. Turning her attention to the door she removes the lock and creaks the steel enclosure open. Her eyes go wide at the sight.

"Well now. Just what the Doctor ordered. Gym equipment. Barbells. Dumbbells. Punching bags. Basketballs. Sporting equipment. That should keep everyone fit." She fidgets hoping they would survive to enjoy this stuff, "God! I can use all of this. I need to get back into my workouts."

Unpacking it as her muscles could handle she sorts through everything. A volleyball net made her smile. That could be a family thing. Enjoying their suffering here as much as humanly possible. It brought back memories to her High School days when she played nearly every sport they offered. A volleyball kept her busy for ten minutes until she grew bored of her excessive forearm activity. 

This crate had it all. Eying a soccer ball she chuckled, "Hey there Wilson. I think Tom Hanks is looking for you." It was nice to laugh at least a little. It never lasted long. Her emotions were bouncing around like the balls she dropped and let roll away.

Choosing the items she herself wanted she looked around for a spot to set up her own private gym. Arranging benches for barbells. Stacking weights to be used as needed. Using chains from the door locks to suspend a punching bag from the cargo container the 71 Charger had been pulled out of. It being a larger than normal container meant it could be used as their small fitness center. Inside would be hot and sweaty. Good for a decent workout. Tying gloves to the ribs of the container for a later use.

Gymnastic flooring pads were stuffed toward the back. Older model cardio exercise bikes lined up in a row to the containers south side. This haul was pay dirt.

Sweating profusely Ruby took stock that James wasn't around. She felt like a bit of freedom. Removing her tank top to let the girls out for a bit of exercise themselves. It was no often she had this chance to relax intimately. Leaving her shirt draped over a cardio bike she said to hell with it and dropped her jeans too. Boots removed she went down to her thong. As long as she was alone she felt safe. Much cooler. Besides she could use a tan.

Wearing only her sunglasses, thong, and socks she prowled about. Deciding on whether to battle open a second container. This was a great beginning as it was. She would be disappointed if the next container had something useless like garden gnomes.

Hands on her hips she paced in front of her next potential target. Picking up her discarded rock from earlier she prepares to begin attacking the lock. Again a rabbit skips toward her feet and rests its paws on the door. This time the lock merely crumbled and fell from its chain.

"Damn Bugsy. You're on a roll today." She crouches down and coaxes the bunny to let her pet him. The rabbit shyly moves within her reach and allows her to gently caress its pelt, "Thanks for being there for me."

Sniffing at her lower belly the bunny rears up and touches her abdomen. Upon contact her belly glows as it had when she had touched it yesterday. The sight made her feel really cozy. Relaxed. A flutter within her felt like a giggle. Ruby had to smile.

"Okay. Let's open up this thing." She stands as the bunny moves out of her way. Ruby removed the chain and winced at the unoiled screeching of steel pins. One door open was all she needed. 

"Toys. Yo-yo's. Boomerangs. Dolls. Model cars. Lite Brite. Easy Bake Ovens. View Masters. G.I.Joe's. Barbie's Dream House. Wow!" She smirks and rubs her belly, "Looks like you made out like a bandit Kid. Christmas presents for the next ten years." She examines further, "Etch-a-Sketch. Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots. Mr. Potato Head. Board games. Even a Ouija board. Yeah, let's leave that one alone." 

Nearly ready to abandon her Archaeological dig of the late 60's she discovers the one thing she couldn't resist.

"Oh Man. This brings back the ole childhood. Gotta try this." She drags out of all things a Hula Hoop. Admiring it she looks toward the starship to be certain James wasn't watching. Snickering she begins to raise the hoop up when her pesky friend Bugsy hopped closer sniffing it. Ruby sighed, "You know any dog tricks Bugsy? Poodle through the hoop?" Lowering it she chuckles knowing full well the rabbit wouldn't just jump through the hoop, "Go on. Let's see what you got." 

Playfully waiting the bunny surprises her. In more ways than one. As she holds the plastic ring low the rabbit hops through it. The only problem was it never came out the other end. It was gone. Seeing this Ruby drops the hoop with a gasp. Jumping back in favor of collecting her nerves. 

"That did not just happen." 

Lingering a moment longer she bends over and plucks the hoop from the ground. Examining it she groans at her unexplained feat. Deciding to try the ring out she lowers it over her head to her waist. Looking down as she did. Once she prepares to twirl it about her hips she raises her chin. Ruby Goddard was shocked again. So shocked she again dropped her Hula Hoop. 

All around her the scenery had changed. At her feet was the desert floor. Yet, outside of the hoop was a tropical beach. The surf crashing against the rocks. The air crisp and chilly. Nipples going erect as if never before. So cold she had to fold her arms over them.

The rabbit had returned in force. Hundreds of rabbits surrounded her outside the ring. Preventing her from stepping out of it. Surrounded Ruby Goddard whimpered, "Through the looking glass, Alice."

Back at the Ganthorian ship James Ian couldn't get any work done. Xander was barking his fool head off and trying to get the boy to follow him. Rolling his eyes James decided the pup needed to go to the bathroom. Trudging along behind him James uses his collar to communicate in dog lingo.

"Why are you so up in my ass Boy?"

The dog continues barking. In tones that return in English, "Ruby in trouble."

"What? Where?" James began to run. Xander leading him outside and toward the toy container. Sniffing about Xander yelps, "She is here."

James paces about with a look of confusion. Seeing her discarded clothing on the ground made him worry. Finally, at Xander's insistence James bends over and lifts the Hula Hoop. Every inch lifted Ruby began to appear. Her legs. Thighs. Thong. James lingered a moment at her thong before shaking off the urgency of her situation. 

Reaching her chest his eyes bulge. Finally halting his childish perversions he moves the hoop above her head. There stood Ruby in utter shock. What she had witnessed beyond comprehension. Then, just as quickly her mind crept home.

"JAMES!" She screams and darts out from under the raised hoop. Her arms extended revealing her bulging breasts. James could only whine and try not to look.

Grabbing the hoop she tosses it away dancing about uncontrollably. What she had seen freaking her out. Finally, she regains reality and looks at James with a haunted expression.

"James? I was just on a tropical beach. Somehow. Thank God you saved me. I didn't know what to do. I saw rabbits everywhere. They wouldn't let me step out of the circle. I think they were protecting me from something. How in the heck do you explain that?" 

He lowers his gaze and points at her chest, "Can you get dressed? I can't think and lust at the same time."

"What? OH SHIT! Sorry." She bolts about gathering her clothing.

"I'm not. Just saying. Under my breath." He flares his eyes the opposite direction of her. Waiting on her to get dressed James steps away toward the tossed Hoop. Picking it up he takes the risk of placing it around his body. Nothing. It was just a child's toy. He went so far as to twirl it around his body a number of times until it falls to the ground.

Shrugging at nothing to brag about he meets Ruby now fully dressed. Nipples still bullets however. He did his best to ignore that fact.

"It didn't work the same on you?" She had to know.

"Nope. Just did my best Hula. No island hopping."

"Am I going crazy James?"

"Doubt it. Remember my Hi-Brasil theory? I'm thinking you just went there. Your bunny friends didn't want you to get trapped there. It shows how intelligent they are." James picks the hoop up again and suspends it off the ground a few inches as they talk. During their discussion the rabbit magically returns to the desert floor. Staring up at Ruby it fidgets just before hopping away.

"I need a drink. Bottle of Tequila with my name on it."

Ruby was done for the day.

James drops the Hoop and goes toward the crops with Xander at his heel. Stopping short to look at the rabbits munching without care he ponders an idea. Kneeling to remove Xander's translator collar he kisses toward the rabbits to attract them. The bunny which had gone through the portal cautiously stepped forward. James extending the collar toward the rabbit. Sniffing at it the bunny declines and hops away.

"So much for that idea."

Sixty three miles out.

"There is where my Sister Lily is imprisoned." Sabbath points out in her spectral form. As long as she held the hand of Madigan Ridge she was a ghost. Her journey had led them to the massive meat locker where the ship had at one time kept their food while travelling on the high seas. Long emptied out.

"Okay. Guards everywhere but asleep." Maddy points out.

"They cannot hear ghosts. Not even our thoughts. We are at our safest. Please take me inside. Lily awaits."

Nodding Madigan floats them toward the locker and eases them within. A blinding light forces both women to overt their gaze. No ordinary light. This light defied Madigan's normal vision. In her ghostly state she was able to peer into absolute darkness or pierce the brightest veil. Not this time. This was assuredly different.

"I can't see a thing." Maddy confesses.

"Nor I." Sabbath admits, "Sister? Are you here?"

"SABBATH?" erupts a voice as if caught off guard.

Hearing her Sabbath reacts covering her eyes even in her ghostly form, "LILY! Are you well?"

"I...am here. Can we truly call ourselves alive?"

"Where is all of this light coming from?" Maddy was tired of being blinded.

"Within me. Around me. The others are here as well."

"Others?" Sabbath shrinks.

"Yes. The First Family. All are held captive here. Amid the dark."

"What do you mean in the dark?" Maddy winces.

"That which paints the walls of our cell. How did you step through? Was it painful?" Lily's voice stammers.

"No. We are ghosts. My friend Madigan is a ghost that is. She has made me one to gain us entry. We have come to rescue you."

"I am beyond rescue Sister. My body has become one with the light. If you remain, the light will consume you as well."

"Are you saying you have no body? How can you speak if not?" Sabbath cringes slightly.

"My body is light. My voice is thought. I am one with the First Family."

"First Family?" Maddy grew curious.

"We are the First Born. I am Abel." A male voice erupts.

"You were the second born. The first to die." 

"Be silent Cain. Mother and Father will be angered." Came a woman's voice unrecognized. 

"Hold thy own tongue Oriol. A daughter should be seen not heard."

"Oriol? I do not recall that name from the Bible."

"What is this Bible you speak of?" Cain asks.

"In the Bible there is only the mention of three sons by name. Cain, Abel, and Seth. I do remember there were seven children born to Adam and Eve."

"Yes. I am the first of two daughters. Salma is here beside me."

"Cease speaking before I..."

"Before what Brother Cain? Before you kill them as you did me? That is beyond you now. We are only the light that God has chosen to trap us within."

"I'm really speaking to the children of Adam and Eve? Where are your parents?" Maddy was growing confused. 

Lily returns, "My sister holds them within her. They needed to be kept away from the children. My children."

"Wait! Your children? What?" Sabbath too appeared confused.

"I have learned much being held here in the dark prison. You must not become human of form within this cell. To do so would destroy us all."

"Should have warned us earlier." Maddy growls, her concentration waning. It was taking every bit of thought to keep Sabbath ethereal. 

"Do not speak. Maintain us." Sabbath warns Maddy, "I shall speak."

"K." Maddy nods closing her eyes completely.

"Explain everything Lily. If you and I do not share the reborn souls of Adam and Eve...only I do...what are you?"

"It should be obvious." Cain expels.

"Silent Child." Lily directs.

Sabbath appears haunted, "Tell me Lily. I must know."

"I AM THE MOTHER OF ALL THAT IS. THE CREATOR'S BRIDE. I AM GARDEN ITSELF. "

Maddy's eyes burst open at the mention. Her knowledge of Wiccan lore something that had interested her as a child but was long forgotten. She refrained from entering the conversation.

"I AM GAEA."

Madigan Ridge shudders. She was correct.

Outside the Tanker Jack Ramse had called a meeting to explore options. Their original battle plans were shot down. Now that it was revealed that a survivor of the Garden of Eden lived upon the Tanker it became obvious they couldn't just destroy the Tanker and uproot the Elder. Things grew grim quickly.

"Ideas people?" Jack called out.

"Not ideas but I have questions." Elle directs, "How does he grow plants without a water source? How does he survive amongst the Vamps? Surely they could have killed him long ago."

Gaicazar took interest immediately, "Another immortal? Too survive so long."

"We didn't need water to grow crops." Sophia points out.

"Yeah. But those were alien seeds. Moonlight and sun grew them. The soil did the rest with nutrients." Mal brings up.

"Greta said he had no eyes." Jack enlightens, "We can presume he removed his eyes to avoid any what's it called in Vampire mythology? Glamor?"

"Smart old guy." Elle puckers.

"Do we believe his History?" Greta shrugs.

"Do we believe in Dinosaurs? Like the big fella we're holding captive out there?" Elle adds.

"At this point we have to believe in every possibility." Jack decides as he looks at the oily desert floor beneath their hovering, "Was this really the Garden of Eden below us? The oil spill killed everything."

"How did an Oil Tanker just happen to land directly atop the Garden?" Mal was boggled.

"Ground zero I say. Somebody did that on purpose." Elle joins Jack in his survey.

Jack winces, "Who? Why?"

"God!" Gaicazar looks to the sky.

"Eden was destroyed by God in the Bible right?" Greta recalls, "Adam and Eve were cast out."

The stories made each of them form an opinion. All thoughts giving them a sense of wonder. Fear. They needed to learn the truth fast or retreat. The sun was already sinking, roughly 2:00 in the afternoon.

"We could relocate this Seth Fella." Greta options.

Jack nodded, "Not a bad idea Cowgirl."

"Against his will?" Elle looks leery.

"We have no choice. Verago has to be stopped. Mother must die." Gaicazar grows bitter.

"Calm down Romeo." Sophia cocks a brow, "Usually I'm the hot head."

Jack holds his palm up, "Sophia's right Antonaeus. This now becomes a rescue mission. Before engaging the enemy we have to get the civilian's to safety. This Seth, if he's legitimately one of Adam and Eve's kids deserves to keep on living and holding the memory of what was sacred."

"Noisy I know Jack." Malcolm motions, "I can grow big and tear the deck up under his green house. As long as I don't destroy the habitat I can carry him back to our oasis. Rebuild Eden there maybe?"

"Holy moly." Elle brightens up, "Remember all those stories about Eden being the inside of a spaceship?"

"Yeah." Mal and Jack murmur.

Elle gracefully glides next to Malcolm and rubs his belly. The action led Mal to brighten up, "The garden inside the Ganthorian craft. Some of the plant life there were from Eden. My apples might not have been but something sure was alive in that Garden. We got spooked and ran before really knowing what it was."

"This crap just keeps getting deeper." Jack growls, "We can't conclude that to even be a possibility. The Ganthorian's crashed long after Eden right?"

"Hold on guys. My little Buddie's are talking." Sophia closes her eyes, "They're saying the garden inside our home is a different Garden. An Eden from another world. Hybrids of the plant life gathered there. Every world has a Garden of Eden. Even their own home world had one amid the Sea of their civilization. An island."

"Anyone feeling like this is too big for any of us?" Elle frets gently.
