 Hovering outside of the Greenhouse residence of the being known as Seth, Jack Ramse and Greta monitored the Elder's movement. Learning very quickly that the Ancient man was fully aware of their arrival. Jack had spotted plants actually look their way. Could it be that Seth had a communication with his plant life? Acknowledging them Seth waves them in and shuffles to his door.

"Back so soon?" The Elder huffs.

Greta steps up first in her silent mode as Jack gravitates a foot above the deck, "Yes. I hope that invitation is still good." 

"Indeed. I get so few guests. None to be precise. Who have you brought along?"

"Our Leader. This here is Jack. He wants to talk to you."

"Welcome." Seth lingers his chin about to hear the noises about him, "I sense a hum upon the air."

"Our gravity drones. Good hearing. I can barely hear them and I have enhanced senses myself." Jack narrows his gaze at the Man's acute hearing.

"I will take your word on that. How may I be of service?"

"Know that we're friends. We come here with an offer of assistance. Greta here tells us that you're the son of Adam and Eve."

"Oh yes. Lovely parents. Until the Creator took them away."

"Please understand it's hard for some of us to believe in what you've told Greta. In the far future where we come from the story of the Bible gets a little fuzzy. Nobody truly knows the truth is what I'm saying." Jack studies the plants reaction as he enters the doorway followed by his drone keeping him from touching the floor.

"You must be an Angel. Your feet do not fall upon the ground." Seth smiles.

"Hardly any Angel. Just a Man. Your plants. They act as if alive."

Seth twists in step slightly, "Indeed. All things from Eden are alive. Good friends I have. You have no need to fear them. Unless of course you present harm toward me."

"We have no desire to harm you. As I've said." Jack promises, "Would you answer some questions I have?"

"Assuredly."

"First off how did you end up here in this Greenhouse?"

"I relocated once the Ark destroyed Eden."

"With plants from Eden. How did you survive the Vampires?"

"The dark ones? The ship arrived here during the day. I had my eyes back then. Before the great flood of shadows upon Eden I saved as much soil as I could. Brought the seeds of life up here to this place. The only shelter against the darkness of those that reside within."

"So, the Vamp-Dark ones, were already in this-Ark before it crashed here?"

"Indeed. The soil of Eden shares the essence of God. The Dark Ones fear it. They cannot come near my home after darkness falls."

"Interesting. We're here to rescue a friend of ours. If that's even possible. And, to put an end to the Dark Ones. If at all possible we would like to save you from this place."

"Eden? I cannot abandon my home. God has appointed me Caretaker." Seth grows agitated.

"Keep calm, Seth." Greta jumps in with a soothing voice, "We only want to help. We can't get rid of these Bad Critters and not harm you in the process. Please! As a friend hear Jack out."

"You must be quite lovely. My plants are telling me you resemble a rose." Seth tilts his attention from side to side.

"Aww! Don't make me blush." Greta giggles.

"Seth?" Jack scowls, "We can bring you back here. You and your plants. What I would like to do is remove all of you, shelter included from the Ark as you call it. Do it during the daylight so the Dark Ones are at their weakest. If we wait until dark then we risk losing this battle before it has begun."

"Where would I go? I have only known Eden." Seth appears distraught.

"The sky. We can raise you up and take you away for a few hours. Once we wipe out the Dark Ones you will be free of them. We will be free of them. We can also find a way so that you can live outside again. Away from this shelter. You and Eden."

"Has the Lord sent you to my aid?" Seth ponders.

"He has." Greta jumps in eying Jack to hush up, "He wants us to save this world from these Dark Critters. Your world. God's world. To do that we have to make sure you're safe Seth. Work with us. We want to help."

Caressing his long white beard Seth communes with his plants. Mumbling in a shuffle along the tables of plant life. Vines slither down and touch the Elder with tenderness from hanging containers. Soothing the Man he turns toward Jack and Greta.

"Mother responds."

"Mother?" Jack looked stressed, "Lilith?"

"Oh no. Lilith is not the only Mother here. The true Mother has spoken. She has offered her wisdom. Who might Madigan be?"

"You know of Maddy?" Greta looks terrified suddenly.

"Oh yes. She is with my Family. With All Mother. My brothers and sisters. The pale sibling of Mother's host."

"Sabbath and Lily?" Jack shakes his head growling, "Are they alright?"

"Indeed. Mother says they are quite well. Your friend shall rejoin you soon. I have Mother's blessing to grant your wish. She asks that you move Eden to a safe distance. However, it may not touch the Earth itself outside of this location."

"Because the Earth below us is Eden. Any magic's that come with the location would be taken away if we do." Jack surmises thinking even he was crazy to buy all this.

"Indeed." Seth nods.

"Okay." Jack tries to keep up in his thoughts concerning what he's learning, "Mother. Your Mother. Eve?"

"Oh no. The Earth Mother. The mate of God himself."

"Yeeeah!" Jack growls, "I'm buying that."

Seth senses his uncertainty, "Ask your friend. She visits with her now. I have no reason to lie my Friend."

"We know that Seth." Greta glares at Jack to make him realize that he might jeopardize this meeting. Jack sneers and adjusts his rifle and sword hilt for better comfort.

"We have maybe four hours of daylight. If we're doing this it has to be soon. Seth? We have a friend outside that is going to disturb things a bit. The Dark One's will know once we lift your shelter out of here. They can't step outside to harm us until dark. If we can accomplish our goal before dark we can set you on sacred ground once more. Trust us."

"Mother has foretold of my safety. I will believe in God's will."

"Good. Just so you know we're being honest I'm going to leave Greta here with you. A show of faith on both of our parts." Jack points at Greta who understood and nodded her approval, "It might be a rough ride at first. Both of you need to sit down and hang on."

Jack glides back through the opened doorway and along with his drone takes flight.

Within the Tanker Verago journeys deep below ground. The bottom of the Tanker's hull ripped wide to allow Mother and her minions to burrow. The deeper Verago stepped the more he was about to learn. Fallen Angel he was his sense of curiosity led him to explore. His own thoughts uncertain how much he could trust his mate. Lilith like he was the ultimate in evil. Outside of Satan himself.

Cavern's lie below what was once Eden. The oil rotting away any resemblance of the Paradise this area once was. He growls with each step, sensing something unexpected would be introduced to his world. All around him disturbed bats screech warnings toward Mother Lilith. Verago was visiting territory that he did not belong in. Ignoring them Verago roars loudly. Silence!

Around a corner of dust and fallen debris Verago exits into a massive cave. Below hundreds of feet rested a gigantic rock. A glowing meteor. Still lit after centuries. 

Amazed by it's calling to him Verago takes flight on massive wingspan. Flying down into the abyss. Reaching a crater surrounding the rock Verago approaches it. Something dark oozing, drying, returning to liquid form. As if a bleeding heart that ceases then begins to pump once more.

"What is this?"

Mother Lilith enters his thoughts, "If you keep finding my surprises how may I crown you properly Beloved?"

"Crown me?"

"Yes. You are my Lord and Master. I merely wish to grant you all that you deserve. A kingdom."

"I shall make my own Kingdom. Tell me of this rock."

"As you command My love. What you see before you is a granule of Heaven. The Creator's seed which once rose Eden to prominence. The vessel of life itself. The vessel that will rise the dead to live again. We shall all live once more."

Verago felt a sense of treachery in her voice but blocks his thoughts from Lilith. How was this possible? A mere rock could not bring death back to the living. Only his All Father could do that.

"How can this be true? None of us may step on Hallow ground." He ponders loudly.

"Dark Matter, Beloved. As the future Human's refer to it. The minerals within the rock can mask the sacred soil of Eden. The oil above I brought here from the future. To give us a safe haven from the Garden. Yet, thrive upon it. I have planned for everything Verago. Even the batteries that renew our bodies."

"I have a soul within me. Fueled by Immortality. Safeguarded by a shell I bend to my will. I am already alive. I have what God has taken from Me."

"Not everything Beloved."

"Explain."

"You cannot live among the Light. There must be something missing. Can you not feel it?"

Verago did sense that fact evading him. What had his centuries alone made him forget? Then it dawns on him, "Family."

"Yes,Verago! That which I have taken steps to return to you. Your child stirs within me. A few nights hence and you will become a Father."

He snarls and turns from the meteor. He had much to think about. Within his own mind. His and his alone.

"You just keep thinking that way Butt Ugly." 

Cameron Scott was listening in. Ear to the wall. In a microbial kind of way.

"Hold on a second. If he knocked up Lilith using my body...Christ!"

Back outside Malcolm Brand had been given the order. Growing to a colossal size of 350 feet. The largest increase in mass to date. So far he felt great. In growing to this height his weight dug trenches into the Earth below. There was no gravity drone to assist him. This was definitely going to attract attention.

Reaching mighty hands over the side of the hull he mangles steel and wood as if nothing. Carefully gathering up mass below the greenhouse. Forsaking their drones forced the others to drop to the oily soil. Sending their gravity handlers skyward to float above the greenhouse. With a loud wrenching of metal tearing away from the hull Malcolm "Malibu" Brand hoists Seth and Greta's shelter into his palms. Hands raising higher until all connecting debris fell away.

Within Seth had frozen in expression. Greta comforting him as much as possible. The Man's odor pungent from going unbathed so very long. It had dawned on Greta that he appeared cleaner than imagined. Even his clothing though tattered should have probably deteriorated by now. She choked it up to divine intervention.

"Hold on Seth. I think it should calm down here soon. I won't leave your side."

"I am quite well Greta. Thank you for your concern." She was glad her translator collar could keep up with his ancient tongue.

The drones moved above the Greenhouse in formation and applied their gravitational traction. Easing the building out of Malcolm's hands. Jack utilizing a remote control from below to guide the drones into their salvation effort. Sending them out about fifty yards from the Tanker.

Gaicazar, Sophia, and Elle stood distant admiring the feat. All amazed by the power they possessed in this endeavor. Sophia a good thirty feet from the others due to the Amulets potential threat within her cells worried. Where was her Mom?

Deep within the Tanker a vibration shook throughout the entire vessel. Vampires were waking up and reporting in. Mother Lilith sensing the threat from her nest deep within the Earth below held her belly.

"Worry not Child. Your Father will defend you."

Unknown to Lilith, at the moment more damage was being done. Verago had also felt the disturbance and had head up. Reaching the area he had encountered Sabbath Black. Something was amiss. He could feel it. Not just from without, but within. His talons rise touching the Meat Locker's enclosure. It was warm. Very warm.

Within Madigan did her best to keep Sabbath intangible. Giving her time to learn more from her Sister Lily. Lillian Black's body hosting of all things the soul of Mother Earth herself. Trapped within due to Lillian being a reincarnated soul of the Mother herself. Mother had taken charge. The girl's body sharing her conscience. Slipping in and out. Freedom, the gift of the Goddess.

"Lily? How can I save you Sister?"

"I do not think you can, Sabbath." Lily feared.

"Gaea? Please. Do not let my Sister die."

"Your sister is already dead. As you are. Yet, I will grant your wish if it is within me to do so." Lily's words recite her dual persona's thoughts.

Maddy decides to open up risking her concentration, "I died. I came back from the dead. I'm not sure how but I did."

Gaea lowers her light, guiding her children to follow her lead. Madigan's words prompting her offer less strain to the two ghosts.

"I would know more." Gaea appeals.

"How can I tell you what I don't know?" Maddy expresses, "When we crash landing in this desert my body died. I was being buried when a I felt my spirit rise above my Friends. Three were touching my body. My daughter. Our Leader, and another Dear Friend. I think a combination of their powers did something. Almost like a Defibrillator shocking me back to life. Only not my true body. My spirit. They could see me. I could communicate with them. I presumed I was dead and asked them to bury my body. Then strangely I found myself able to switch places with my buried body. Becoming real, alive. When I revert to spirit form my body returns to the grave. This suit I'm wearing right now allows me control over both aspects of my body. Honestly, I don't know how or why I'm like this."

Behind Gaea and floating sphere of light speaks, "I need that suit. I wish to live again."

"Be silent Cain. You shall not return to the living." Gaea confronts him.

A loud roar is heard from outside as the room trembles. A once mighty door rips wide from its hinges. Peering in crouched Verago. Madigan suddenly lost concentration and both she and Sabbath dropped to the floor. A squeezed in hand later Verago drags Sabbath out and clutches her nude body in smothering talons. Madigan instantly turned ghostlike before he could enter a second hand. Taking flight up through the ceiling to escape.

"What is this? The light of Heaven?" Verago grunts as the Light increases.

Sabbath Black felt bones breaking within her. His grasp so very tight. Ignored as Verago is mesmerized by his findings. She was nothing to him. Yet, his grasp wavered. He had not even noticed. 

"Just like a claw machine in an Arcade." Cameron Scott shares his thoughts with his parasitic legion. Helping him as much as they could without Verago realizing their betrayal.

Verago in all of his power grew careless. As he studied Lillian Black's body within the locker, surrounded by other souls shimmering next to her, the Fallen loses his train of control. In the briefest of hesitation the parasites transfer their bodies in the most disgusting way possible. Up through Sabbath Black's vagina. Seeking refuge amid her dampness her bodily fluids were their easiest route. In transit she feels her body instantly healing. Her first thought her Vampirism abilities. Then she witnesses her albino flesh shimmering as never before.

"Hold on Beautiful. Daddy Cameron's on his way." She hears inside her thoughts. The second Verago loses interest in Sabbath she slips from his grasp, landing on the creaking walkway. Using this moment to escape, Sabbath Black was gone. Speed her finest retreat.

Outside, Madigan Ridge returned to inform Jack of her eventful quest. Seeing a floating Greenhouse made her hesitate. Then, hearing her Daughter yell from the distance drew her attention back to reality. Diving down in her ghostly state she weaves in and around Malcolm's might body. Her thoughts trying not to admire the Sequoia sized cock dangling and swaying between his legs.

"Jack!" She calls out joining him as he remotely controls the drones.

"Maddy? We were getting worried."

"You should be. You're never going to guess what I discovered."

"Gaea? Verago?"

"You know about Gaea?"

"Seth up there in that Greenhouse. He's as far as I know the only living breathing child of Eden. This whole area is the Garden. Who knew we were only 60 or so miles from Heaven."

"No joking Jack. Gaea is inside Sabbath's sister. I'm not completely sure what her or the other children's purpose is but Verago just discovered them too."

"Children?"

"Cain and Abel. A daughter named Oriol. Three others. That Seth guy you mentioned that's still alive. Makes seven kids of Adam and Eve." Maddy reports, "Sabbath has both Adam and Eve inside her. One soul as a unity I guess. I'm piecing this together but I think the reason Sabbath was allowed to come and go was to keep Lily in check, and because Adam and Eve were both cast out of Eden. Sabbath being turned Vampire kept her close by. I think the Mother has big plans for all of these people. Souls bring life. My guess is Lilith wants to live again. Once she betrayed God he cast her out without a soul. She wants one again. On her terms."

"So why hasn't she claimed it if she has them captive?" Jack grimaces.

"I don't think she could do it without Verago."

Shock after shock. Before either could react a blur races up to them. Sabbath Black was convinced to take the ultimate risk. Laughing dramatically the albino stops long enough to look up at a daunting sun. Her long dead flesh not bursting into flame. Protected by the parasites now inhabiting her cells.

"Sabbath?" Madigan looks with awe.

"Not just Sabbath!" The girl speaks in her own gleeful response, "Cameron is here with my body. The tiny ones are keeping me from the sun's curse upon me."

Jack felt Elle and Sophia reaching them and turns to witness Sophia face to face with her Mother and the gorgeous British Vamp.

"Mom? Whoa! Sabbath?" Piper Sophia hears a singing in her mind forming a giddy smile, "My babies."

Sabbath lowers her gaze then allows a familiar voice to rise, "Speaking of diaper changes. We need to hurry up here. Lilith is having my Baby."

"Cam?" Jack winces in disbelief.

Sabbath relents her body control to Cameron by saluting the Colonel. It made her giggle. It was nice to feel alive. The sun was beautiful.

Sophia lingers back a bit. She felt her own cells tugging. The Amulet was seeking something. Perhaps it was the Vampire nature still within Sabbath Black. Stepping away Madigan follows her.

"Are you alright?"

"Not sure Mom. Amulet's trying to take me over I think. I'm in control for now but I'm not certain for how long. I might need to head out of range of everyone."

"Do what you must. I love you Sweetheart."

"Love you too Mom."

Sophia bolts away allowing Madigan to inform Jack of her reasons.

Sabbath Black looks up along with Cam. Sharing control. Eyes take in the floating Greenhouse.

"What's that about?" Cam utters.

Before Jack could reply Sabbath herself interrupts her vocal cords, "That would be my third born."

"What?" Cam vies for control.

"Eve has surfaced." Sabbath acknowledges, "We must rescue my children."

Elle winces toward Jack, "Do I need to say it again?"

"Nope. Weirder and weirder."

Jack Ramse scowls. He could feel the sword on his back, even in its sheath twitch. As he contemplates its meaning he gets nudged aside.

"First born? I salute you."

The armored body of Antonaeus Gaicazar steps forward and kneels down upon the blackened soil. Removing his blade from its concealment the sword glows white hot. He knew he was in the presence of greatness. Laying his sword at Sabbath's feet the surrounding ground began to lighten up. As it's glow inspired everyone to scan about they witness a great change. 
