 "Three Giants step into a bar. The first one asks for a glass of water. The second asks for a pint of blood. The third says I'm just here to pay the tab. Oh, and to use the little boys room."

Cameron Scott laughs as his proverbial parents watch him take his first piss. Palming a mighty cock Cam sprays a liquid amid the flames below. His stream circling the Tanker's capsized hull to keep Gaea from stepping down into the Eden slowly returning below. Mother wasn't happy.

"How is this my offspring? I consumed his body." Verago poses toward Lilith in her Gaea possessed body.

"Obviously, he takes after you Beloved. His manhood is magnificent. If not his mockery." Lilith fumes.

"His mockery? What of yours Wench?"

"Wench? I am no Wench." 

"You are what I made you Lilith. I am your Maker."

"No longer." She muses with vines whipping about for scrutiny. Her smile deadly to even Verago himself.

"What do you mean?"

Lilith fans her plant like hands over her body, "I am what I have made. No longer merely a Vampire. While I was your first. I am now the first of many. Gaea was the Creator's Bride. His first as well. By planning wisely the demise of Eden and the capture of Gaea's soul I am all that is. No longer shall I be forced into the shadows. I shall live and thrive in the Light. Bending it to my will."

"You sure about that Mommy Dearest?" Cam flaps thunderous wings like Rodan in a Toho movie.

"You are my son. Regardless of your repulsive appearance. Stand with your Mother."

"Family portrait? Wait! Vampires can't be seen in mirrors and portraits. No wonder you painted the walls of that Locker. Too confuse the real Gaea. Knowing Lillian was turned by you. You had control over Gaea through Lily. Sick."

"Yes. Clever was it not?" Lilith grins.

"By seducing Verago you conceived a child born in Heaven. Not of Earth. Even though Daddy was thrown out. His offspring wasn't. I still have a light inside. Heaven's light."

Lilith looks confused, "Light inside?"

"Ooooh! Yeah! That heavenly light. That's God's soul. It's part of Me. Yay! Goooo Jehovah!"

Verago drops his smug expression. His gaze curving down at Malcolm Brand. Surmising the apple as being a part of the Godsoul. His eyes flaring at the sight before him. Malcolm Brand was healed and growing. Up on his feet yet kneeling in a prayer like pose. Head lowered. His stature towering over Jack and Elle. They were running for their lives to avoid being stomped.

Taking to his feet Malcolm entered the picture. Four giants surrounded each other in a valiant wrestling match. Cam chuckling as he fist bumps Malcolm with mighty knuckles.

"Let's tag team these Hellspawn." Cam prompts.

"Right with ya, Brother."

"Always...Brother."

"Stop with the racist comments." Mal grumbles.

"That wasn't...okay maybe a lil. Sorry." Cam huffs smirking. He knew Malcolm was laughing with him. Time for battle.

Down below in the crumpled shell of the Tanker Sabbath Black and her sister Lillian lay together drained of energy. Mother had sucked them both dry and left each without a glimmer of soul. Lily's blood lust was returning. Sabbath in her shimmering cells felt her life fleeing. The microbes within offering her very little in options. Suddenly, Sabbath felt something. Hope! Her eyes flare wide.

"Cameron is alive." 

"I sense him too." Lily lifts her gaze, "His blood flow calls out to me. Why do I feel his connection as you do?"

The sisters share a moment, "We are twins." Sabbath shrugs lightly.

Shocked by hearing words inside their minds the twins yelp. Looking around in the shadows at first then realizing it was coming from within them.

"You ladies can ponder a threesome with me later. Get to safety. The Sun is coming up. Lily might not survive it. Sabbath baby? Your cells might adapt but hers won't."

"Cameron?"

"In side my girls. Home sweet home. Damn even that sounded dirty didn't it?"

"Gaea betrayed us." Lily reports.

"I don't think it was Gaea. She was just overtaken by Lilith. Whoa! I just had a brain fart. You're still in tune with Gaea Lily. All we need is a way to draw her back to you."

Sabbath suddenly has an idea, "The greenhouse. It contains the untainted soil of Eden."

"That's my lily white ass wiggling. Yours. Mine. Ours. Heck I don't know anymore." Cam chuckles, "No disrespect to that Lily ass. I meant Sabbath's--you know lily white ass. Open mouth insert wing. Get moving."

The girls faintly giggle at his swagger and force themselves up. The journey in their condition was going to be long and hard. Or, was it?

"Allow me to help."

Madigan Ridge had phased back in to check on them. With a helpful intangibility the girls are led through the hull and out into the raging battle. Cam was tussling with Lilith. Malcolm had resumed battle with Verago. More engaged than ever. Verago was taking a beating.

Racing alongside Maddy and her passengers Jack and Elle paced with her. Greta hobbling behind in the distance. Feeling very alone at the moment. The sun had lifted barely above the horizon. Luckily in their intangible state Lillian was safe. Still the sight of it warmed her thoughts. If not a soul.

"What's the plan?" Jack called up at the girls.

"Sacred soil Jack." Maddy related.

"Won't that hurt a Vampire?" Elle shouted.

"We shall see." Lily offered her new friends.

"Not many choices." Maddy reaches the crumpled greenhouse. As Jack rips open the outer shell of shattered glass windows. Maddy lowers into the plant life thriving below. With a smile shared with Lily, Maddy adds, "I wish you luck."

Lily returns to her tangible state and feels the presence of the sun. Her flesh smoldering slightly. The sun not as high as needed to slay her. Bare feet step into the soil and she cries out painfully. Sabbath dropping down beside her to hold her sister for better or worse. The love between them enough to resist longer.

A sudden glow arrives at their feet. Adjoined by a massive glow coming up from the chasm near the battling Giants. It was bright enough to fill the sky. Verago feels its effects and greedily reaches out and touches the rune upon Malcolm's right shoulder. In response his body becomes shadow like blanketing him from the light's exposure. He was safe for the moment.

"Smart ass Angel." Mal growls before clocking the Fallen directly in the jaw. His punch so devastating it drops Verago backwards into the chasm blocking the light. It took Verago's hands and feet to keep him from falling deeper. The ground around it gradually giving way.

"Entomb that Fucker." Cam calls over to Malcolm. His own struggle with Lilith finding his body entangled in vines the size of tree trunks. Cam couldn't pull free. His wings pinned from flight.

Face to face with Lilith she hisses, "Give me the light. Bask me in your soul."

"You wanna French God? Wouldn't that be incest? Oh, wait! To create future generations that was a daily ritual wasn't it? I never understood all that crap." He mocks Mother, "Fuck it."

Cameron Scott catches Lilith off guard and plants a kiss right over her mouth and exhales down her throat. The light released from within Cameron overpowering her interior cells. Lilith attempts to break free but Cam was on a roll. In her hesitance Cameron sucked face. Utilizing whatever God given gift he had in him to drag Gaea's soul from within Mother out. Withering at her Son's embrace Cameron Scott somehow won. Fulfilling his quest his lips remove to whisper, "I've kissed better."

Her body crumbling Lilith cries out and feels the sun upon her back. Her Vampire cells now returning she shrieks and bursts into flame. The plants dying upon her. It became a towering inferno as Cameron releases his body by shrinking down and avoiding the fiery vines. 

Flight taken Cam races to the greenhouse and drops in on the smoldering twins. Maddy had phased them again in hopes to slow their cellular degeneration.

"I got this Maddy. Let go." Cam advises.

Slipping away the girls screams grow more intense than ever. Using his wings to shade the twins helped a bit.

"Sorry Sabbath. I gotta kiss your Sis."

Hands gripping Lillian by her face Cameron Scott devours the lips of Lillian Black. Offering her once more the soul of Gaea. Feet upon the sacred soil she feels an immediate change. The warmth. The nutrients. The tender love of a Creator. Her kiss feeds upon Cameron a bit longer. Sabbath grew jealous.

"I am ONE again." Gaea pulls free exhaling. Cameron drained a bit by her needs, "My Lord, I am Yours."

Cam shrugs slightly at Sabbath, "I'm thinking she means God. Not me."

Sabbath scowls and leaps into his arms. If this meant a lasting kiss so be it. She would perish in his clutches. After a lengthy lip lock Cam lowers his wings. She feels the sun on her shoulders again. It's smoldering caress upon her flesh easing up. Eyes flaring she pulls away from Cameron with a glint of awe.

"Forgot the reversal didn't you?" Cam smirks.

"The sun?? Yes! I can live in the sunlight. It is the moonlight I now must fear. This will take getting used too."

Cam raises his wings to their sides darting his gaze between them, "You're telling me."

Jack grumbles, "Enough! We have a Devil to beat. I don't have a spell anymore. All the drones were destroyed. This soul sword is useless against Verago."

The group turn their attention back toward the battle to witness Malcolm role reversing against Verago. His own foot stomping on Verago in hopes to drop him into the pit. Daylight having no effect on the Fallen One. He had lost his Mate yet again. Lilith's ashes floating about.

With a maddening snarl Verago again lashes skyward with his left foot to entwine between Malcolm's legs. Curling his own leg into a pry in which to makes Malcolm once again fall backwards.

Another mountainous collapse rocked Eden as the sunlight returns to rebuild its soil. With the aid of Gaea stepping forth from the greenhouse again occupying Lillian Black. Her merest touch with sacred soil staining her foot prints expels the oil based taint that once corrupted this area.

"Rise Eden. Grow under God."

Dragging himself from the pit Verago stands and surveys the lush surroundings erupting around him. His vile thoughts recalling the Heaven he was cast from. He wanted to return to Heaven and conquer it. He would. The Heaven upon the Earth itself.

It was time to Win this World.

Upon removing himself from the chasm the light returned brighter than ever. It went unnoticed by Verago in his planning. The Giant Malcolm was becoming a problem. He would turn his attention on the gnats below. Giving chase the group scatters about. Stomp after stomp Verago leaves craters where either Jack or Elle had once stood. Their firepower and weapons useless against his exterior hide.

Cameron takes flight once more rising high to circle Verago's face. Almost unnoticed Verago finally halts to spy upon his offspring.

"I want my soul back Pops." Cam defies flipping him off.

His response making Verago chuckle twice then burst into laughter, "My child has whit. It is good to have when you bring death to others."

"I couldn't agree more." Cam takes an inspiration from the T-Rex and swoops into Verago's gapping mouth. Down his throat he travels. This made Verago grab his neck with one hand coughing. The hesitation was all it took. 

Down below Jack Ramse shakes his head, "God! I need a vacation." He then glances over to see a drone attempting to gravitate. Jogging toward it he palms the softball sized robot. It was still connected yet faltering. Jack took the tiny remote and advised the drone to speak the spell its memory shared with its fellow drones. Unable to recite it verbally due to malfunction it was able to access it upon a screen upon its circular shell.

"Fuck. If we're going to use this spell it's going to have to be read. Come on little guy. It's up to you and Me."

Standing tall Jack Ramse swallows dryly and marches forward to the towering Verago. Looking directly up at Verago like the brave Soldier he was Jack recites the spell. All around him Elle and Greta plead for him not too. 

"Exum! Veronku! Lophizka! Beruja! Calihid! Garsavah! Polyruqu! Zahbekii! Raule! Nefta Ha!"

The words call out like a knife stabbing the air. Even being a lower octave unheard in his gigantic form Verago felt it's casting effect. Eyes flaring he could sense the spell altering his insides. His size was decreasing little by little. In his choking he coughs up first a drenched Cameron Scott who shook his wings free of saliva and bile. Then came forth soul after glowing soul. Seven in all. Cameron flaps his wings and outstretches his arms.

"Come to Poppa!" Cam delights as his soul races in flight to its owner. Absorbed through Cam's opened mouth. The remainder of Adam's children drift lifeless without a home. Hearing their thoughts Cameron decides their fates. Pointing down at the greenhouse and a larger than life Lillian Black the souls scurry down and face their judgment.

Scrutiny defined by the lives they had once led Gaea casts Cain to the wind. The other children were innocents. Only defined by their Parents rash decisions to disobey the Creator.

"Rest in peace amongst the Garden. It is your home Forever More."

The soul of the female Oriol hesitates as the others dive into the soil of Eden reborn. She lingers there as Gaea searches the soul. With a nod of appreciation Gaea smiles at Sabbath Black, "You may."

Oriol glides in front of Sabbath who stood mesmerized by the ball of crystalline energy. A confused smile later she opens her mouth and accepts the soul. Moments later Sabbath felt no hunger. Her fangs receding yet always remaining a part of her identity. There was no healing from Vampirism. Only an altering of existence. Sabbath Black felt whole. She had to hug her sister.

The more Verago shrank the more Jack stood his ground. Drawing the sword Soultaker he looked upon its shining blade. He could see its owner Kong Zao smiling and nodding his approval. With respect Jack winked at the image. Now if only Verago had a soul to claim. Somehow Jack doubted it.

Too his surprise the soul of Cain hovered beside Jack drawing his attention. Flickering at him Jack used the blade as a mirror. Priming the glow of the soul upon it. He could literally see the original body of Cain himself pleading for mercy. With but a thought Jack points at Verago. Cain's gaze follows then smiles. With a blinding flash Cain returned to Verago's body. Verago choking upon his re-entry.

The giant was still 30 feet tall and shrinking. The shadow effect still intact keeping his body from degrading. Even his immortality was oozing away due to the spell. That part whispering from him like an exhaled puff of smoke. A huff that quickly found itself drifting down into Soultaker. That alone gaze Jack the hope of things to come.

Behind Verago he could see Malcolm standing. Blocking the sun in his 350 foot height. He could easily stomp Verago into the ground now. But, spotted Jack patiently waiting below. He would let his fearless Leader have the final blow. Backing him up if needed. Behind Jack stood Elle, Greta, and Cameron now lit upon the ground. Sabbath joins her Man from the side. Gaea towering above them. Maddy? Where was Madigan?

Drawn to the light off the chasm Madigan went in search of her daughter. Her eye sight barely embracing the light show. Preparing to dive down her sight is drawn to a hand gripping the edge of the chasm wall.

"Heads up! Biggun's coming through." Sophia calls out.

"Sophia! I was beginning to worry." Maddy bulges her eyes, "Where is the Amulet? Your skin is as it was before."

"Heart of God! That Amulet was love. Even though a prison for Verago. His Fallen was still loved."

"How do you know this? I too presumed the stone was God."

"I think my tiny friends are linked to God. They keep singing. Now it's the song You Light Up My Life. So weird."

Sophia reaches the top and crawls out of the hole and stretches in the sunlight. Her golden body glossy and beautiful.

"My boobies needed the sun. I mean my babies." She giggles squeezing her tits. Shaking her head Maddy had to smile, "Someday I will wash your mouth out with soap."

"Go for it. My friends would probably like the taste. Bring a case." She wiggles playfully, "So what have I missed? Whoa! Verago is getting small."

A sudden tear forms in Maddy's now tangible eye, dropping to the grass next to her daughter, "Jack recited the spell."

"What about that curse?" Sophia's eyes grew big, "Nooo!"

Across Eden, Jack remained vigil. Awaiting Verago to face him at a more appropriate height. Discovering Jack Verago prepares to lash out only to find Malcolm decreasing his own height to compensate. Reaching a size that allowed him to bear hug the Fallen Angel keeping Jack safe. Jack stood his ground. Not even flinching. His grip on Soultaker's hilt turning his knuckles white.

"Release me!" Verago snarls.

"All in good time Butt Ugly." Malcolm responds.

"I will destroy you all."

"Sure you will."

At twelve feet tall Verago drops his gaze again to react to Jack Ramse. Sword slashing the air a few times for flair.

"What is this weapon you wield?"

Jack puckers looking at the blade again, "This is called Soultaker. I think it's time you head on inside and say hello to your cellmates."

"Foolish! I have no soul."

"You have Cain." 

"He is not my true soul." Verago huffs smirking.

"Maybe not. But, Cain has agreed to become your soul. In accepting it you embrace it. Therefore he's your bad boy Bubba." Cameron replies from behind Jack, "Evil within evil. No good in him."

Jack cranes his neck and uses his free hand in a pinching motion, "Maybe a lil good in him."

Seven feet high he barely towers over Jack.

"Back off Malcolm. Mine all mine." Ramse nods.

Removing his arms Malcolm eases away as Verago laughs. Prepared to lash out at the Soldier. His limbs not responding. The spell had locked up his motor functions. Eyes narrowing toward Jack he hisses, "You would slay your friend? If I perish, might not my son?"

"Might." Jack ponders grimly, "Might not. Let's find out. Skin's not so tough at this height is it?"

"I still retain the shadow. You cannot pierce my flesh."

A loud whistle behind Verago orders a peripheral sneer. Malcolm Brand had returned his body to normal and pranced around to face the Angel.

"Look Buddy. No more Runes." Mal snickers.

Shadowy skin fades away to his true form. One that more closely resembled Cameron Scott. Verago felt the sun sizzle his back.

"Strike now or you will not get the privilege." Verago sneers dryly.

"Fair enough." Jack palms the base of Soultaker's hilt and plunges the blade full force into Verago's chest. Howling at the pierced black heart within Verago looks down.

"Your blade has claimed Cain. Not myself. Nor has the sun claimed me. You cannot kill a Child of Heaven. Fallen or not."

A clearing of a throat behind Verago forces him to arch his frame. Soultaker easing from his body. Behind him stood Sophia Ridge.

"I would say Eat Me! But, I think I'll eat you instead."

"What?"

"Then, I'm going to cop a squat and fertilize Eden with your waste."

Verago appears doubtful. His gaze altering toward the chasm. The glow foreboding. "What is that?" He had to ask.

"Final resting place." Maddy stops her daughter, "Eating him and crapping on Eden isn't the answer Sophia. You know what you must do."

"Maaaan! You take all the fun out of any party I get invited too. Fine! Come on Bitch Boy."

Sophia reaches up and grabs Verago by the arm dragging him off of his feet. In his muscle suspension he had no control as she hauled him across Eden to the pit. Everyone followed along. All except for Jack. He found his own body unable to join them. It would give him time to ponder his fate.
