 \Jack Ramse knew he needed space from his friends. Taking off in a mad dash to put distance between he and they made sense at the time. He had no clue what type of curse he had forced upon him after having to recite a spell of containment against the Fallen Angel Verago. He just knew he felt a bad omen come over him. One that could mean hurting those that he loved. Or at least respected.

As he made his way across the desert toward home he realized something. There were massive footprints heading straight toward the Ganthorian starship they called home base. The T-Rex that had showed up unexpectedly had taken off after being freaked out by all the size changing. Having had, had enough with drones and vampires and bigger things than he who could blame it? Still, the fear of it lashing out at Ruby, James, and the cattle outside made Jack tense. The beast had a healthy head start. He would need to push his limits to cut it off. If that was even possible. 

Even with his heightened strength and speed his top run was 45 miles per hour. The T-Rex with it's larger leg span could double that speed. If not clumsily. It was obvious he was moving fast because he couldn't be seen in the distance. Not even a dust cloud in the dryer elements outside of Eden's perimeter. Of course he had at least an hour plus head start. 

The only thing he brought with him back was the sword Soultaker. Forsaking the burden of rifles and packs. Making time was of the essence. After twenty miles from Eden he begins seeing a trail of dinosaur shit. Crap piles with discarded metallic parts of drones. Even worse white robes. A very recognizable robe. 

"Damn! Rex must have found Seth out here wandering and made him lunch. Poor guy."

Shaking off the shock of the clothing with bits of hair wound into it Jack resumed his pace. He just hoped that he had enough juice in his body to get there in time to ward off Jurassic Junior. Poor Greta Winston had already lost one cow to Sabbath Black. Another to the giant Komodo dragon. Before long she would have nothing to remind her of home. Nor would they have a food supply themselves if it became necessary.

Hopefully, the dinosaur would change directions before then. Somehow Jack knew that wouldn't happen.

Miles behind him the Roman Antonaeus Gaicazar had taken Greta Winston on her back. The girl had a badly sprained ankle and was having trouble walking on it. With no armor over his body the Centurion displayed a formidable array of rippling muscles. Greta had flared her eyes numerous times at how good it felt to hold on to him. She tried hard not to let him notice but her reactions were far too obvious.

Twenty feet behind them walked Elle Franklin and Cameron Scott. Elle had far too many questions. Cam had no solid answers.

"How can you be two people at the same time?" Elle winced.

"You're asking the wrong guy. I only know I'm here and I'm back to my old self. Let the kid sort out the why." He spoke of genius James Ian Pryce.

Sophia Ridge had seen some of what he had down below in the chasm. She had an idea, "I think the chicken crossed the road."

"You're saying the rock was an egg?" He fidgeted.

"I'm saying I hope the yolks on Verago. Not me. Can't anybody just be glad I'm alive?" He walks backwards facing them.

"We are Cameron. It's just all so goddamn crazy." 

"Hey! Hey! Don't be damning God. I think it was he that brought me back in one piece. You bite that beautiful tongue Eleanor."

"When you stop lusting after said tongue." Elle chuckles knowing he was right. Her Grandmother would have washed her mouth out with a bar of Ivory. Fancy that.

Gaicazar stops in his stride, in turn halting the others to question his reasoning. 

"What's wrong Romeo?" Sophia steps next to he and Greta.

"Tracks."

"Right. T-Rex came this way." Elle acknowledges.

Suddenly, it dawned on everyone why Jack had raced on ahead. Elle bit her tongue, "Shit."

Sophia then points at droppings, "You can say that again."

"Please don't eat any Sophia. My tummy couldn't take it." Greta whines.

"No!" Elle abruptly calls out, "It's heading for home. Time to pick up the pace people."

Everyone follows Elle's bolt. They were so far from home none of them could possible keep up. Except for one. Elle rears behind her, "Sophia! We all know you can outrun any of us. Get moving. Back up Jack."

"On it." The girl of gloss speeds up leaving them all in the dust. Her unending energy could possibly overtake Jack even in the distance. Cam huffing along bit his own tongue trying not to comment on Sophia's wagging ass. It was hot as hell seeing it wiggle but knowing he had inhabited her body at one time made him switch his opinion. Instead he tried his best to stay in line.

"Man!" Cam runs out of breath, "I should have spent more time in the gym. I sure wish I had my Charger right now. I'm coming home Hendrix."

Nobody paid attention to his rambling. Same ole Cameron Scott.

Back at the Ganthorian Hilton, Ruby and James had sealed themselves inside the ship. Ramp up and standing idle at the windows of the Bridge. On looking the west gave them a reasonable shot of the approaching dinosaur. 

"First a giant Komodo and now we get a Tyrannosaurus. This land sucks." Ruby grips a chair back.

Beside her James looks out with binoculars, "Should be here in ten minutes. Should I try and come up with something to scare him off? You just know he's going after the cows."

"Like what? Won't the static pen keep them healthy?"

"Should. Maybe not. Drones can only take so much punishment. They're more made for evasive action. Not just gravitating there motionless."

"What do you have in mind that you can do in ten whole minutes?"

James frowns lowering his binoculars, "What do I have in mind? Sheesh."

"You have nothing right?" Ruby scowls back at her ward.

"Not really. Sonics would work but it would probably take out the cattle too. Maybe you could order the Bunny Brigade to circle it and teleport it away."

For a second she ponders that idea then just as quickly grabs the binoculars from his neck and shakes her head. If only she had Jack here to ask advice from. He was the born Leader. Although she outranked him when it came to politics and internal affairs. He was the true Warrior.

It was just a waiting game. Countdown to Jurassic Park the reality.

One hundred two miles away Cameron the Winged Pilot circles a breathtaking sight. Holding Sabbath Black in his arms he glides effortlessly around his target. She remained quiet. Lost in thoughts. So much had happened. Way too fast. How could there be two Cameron Scott's? Why was her heart conflicted at this moment. Had she rushed into the arms of the wrong Cameron? His lips were genuine but she still worried. The other Cameron appeared normal. This Cameron had been birthed within evil incarnate. She would have to consider things slowly. Examine this Cameron more for signs that she either chose right or wrong.

"Well looky there. The Love Boat." Cam pointed out with a grinning nod. Sabbath looking down at a shimmering beauty of a ship.

"What type of steam ship is that?" She questions.

"That there is no steam ship unless it's run by a Mouse named Willy." Cam chuckles. He eyes the near mint vessel discovering a unique design to it. Obviously it wasn't from his time of 2019. Possibly a few years ahead of that.

"Who is Willy? Is he really a mouse?"

"Long story. Steamboat Willy was the first animated cartoon Walt Disney offered the world. Willy was really Mickey Mouse but the cartoon was about Willy. That ship below is a Cruise ship. Might even be Disney's. With a name like the Great Walt Whale anything is possible."

"Cameron look." Sabbath points out about 100 yards from the ship.

"Well now. People."

"They look more like monkeys."

"Neanderthal maybe. Looks like three males and a female. Lucky gal."

"Should we approach them? They see us."

"Too spooked. They're heading for cover. Probably afraid I'm a Pterodactyl or something. Let's just leave them be. This is our time together. Right?"

She shivers in his arms and tries to smile. Uncertainty kept her vigil. She would let him make the decision for now. As long as the creatures meant no harm. Nor Cameron toward them. Or her well concealed bloodlust. There was still enough fear to make her doubt her future. And, theirs. After all she was still a Vampire. So was Cameron. Yet, his Angel form seemed to push that side of him away. For how long though?

"Gonna set us down on the deck. Swimming pools and water slides. Woohoo. Might need water though. Long dried up it looks like."

"Do you think there were any survivors? It does not look as if it has been here long."

"I guess we'll find out. Doubt they will come out if there is. Not me with wings and you all albino and shimmering like diamonds. Probably send out the torches and pitchforks first."

As his feet touch down he releases Sabbath to walk of her own volition. She was still getting used to the daylight survival. Once upon the deck she stretches then dances about with a series of twirls.

"You dance pretty well Ms. Black."

"Father had Lily and I take Ballet lessons. I love to dance. This new freedom is just so much to take in."

He rubs his chin admiring her nudity, "I couldn't agree more."

She blushes and wags a finger at him, "Be the Gentleman I first met."

"Oh, I'm no Gentleman. Only on the outside." He chuckles.

"You have no clothing either."

"I doubt we can wear any clothes even if we find any. We still have a few thousand microbes living in us. You more than me. But, I still feel a few circulating inside."

"I can hear them humming. It is beautiful."

"Beautiful until they eat ya." He jests.

"They tell me I have nothing to fear from them."

"Oh yeah? What do they say about Me?" He smirks.

She closes her eyes in thought. Questioning them for the first time. This might just bring her fears to surface.

"Do I have anything to fear from this Man before me?"

The humming goes silent. Distant mumbles are barely heard even to her sensitive ears. Whispers so very far away. Finally she shrugs, "I can't understand them."

He circles her as his wings decrease in size and fold up into his back. Black scars sealing over bloody wounds. Cameron Scott stood pretty much normal. His skin's tint pink yet pale compared to what he used to be. As if his body wanted to be its old self but couldn't achieve it.

"Let's go explore. Might find you a nice Belle gown. I'll be the Beast."

For some reason she believed that.

Ganthorian Hilton.

Jurassic Junior had arrived. Through the windows of the Bridge Ruby and James observed it's hesitant curiosity. Strolling about the cargo containers as if a maze. Using its head to nudge the pods about in the soil. 

"Please don't ruin my gym." Ruby exhales.

"Why isn't he going after the cows?" James puzzled, "No way he doesn't smell them."

"Don't rush him. He's just confused. Not every day he runs into a place like ours."

"He's going to trample our crops. Maybe even your bunnies. I see some of them on the outer edge munching. They don't even seem scared."

Ruby eyed the rabbits and huffed her cheeks, "I just don't know what to make of them. They seem like they're protective of me but I get the heeby jeebies too."

"Can I make an observation?"

"Of course."

"You notice that your belly didn't light up until after that bunny touched it in the hallway?"

"Ran across my mind too. You think they did something too me? Maybe I'm not really knocked up."

Her belly instantly glows with a bright glare beneath her tank top. Lifting it she and James read the letters, V and E.

"VE?" What does that mean?" Ruby frowns.

"Baby talk is hard to decipher." James says then looks up at Ruby with brightening eyes. Both of them instinctively look around for one of their translator collars. Realizing it might decode the message. Ruby races to her room and grabs hers from a counter she used as a table. Placing it on the glow stops before she can read it.

"Darn it. Evasive today aren't we?"

James returns to the Bridge with his awaiting her return. Looking outside he notes the T-Rex eying Cameron Scott's claimed Dodge Charger. Sniffing at it without any true harm to it. What came next blew James away. The car began glowing brightly. As if a halo around it's body. Even through the thick windows he could hear an engine fire up.

"Holy!" James hugs the window with his palms on the glass.

Tearing out in a spin of smoking tires that kicks dust at the T-Rex the car careened around cargo containers and drove off west. Ruby returns just as the T-Rex roars at the sudden escape. Choosing not to give chase it turns its attention elsewhere.

"Did you just see that?" James looked haunted.

"See what?" She peers out to see a massive dust cloud in the western horizon. Raising the binoculars she realizes what had created it. Removing the binoculars she peers down at where the car had sat.

"Light Rider?" James shrugs with a wince.

"Light? Oh, a Knight Rider reference. Nothing shocks me anymore." She sighs, "Baby stopped talking the second I put my collar on. Go figure."

"On purpose you think?"

"Who knows James. We worry about that later. We need to figure out how to keep the cows safe."

"For some reason I don't think it's after the cows. Look." He points to the crop area. Large trees had sprouted up over the last two weeks since they had developed a small field. Fruit and vegetables plentiful. Even with the rabbit infestation. The T-Rex seemed withdrawn at examining the trees. Sniffing harmlessly at them. Almost as if it were afraid of them.

"Vegetarian Rex?" Ruby raises a brow.

James puckers at the concept. Nothing he had ever read about a T-Rex came close to that notion. He was still amazed by the car leaving. What could have caused that?

A mile out Jack Ramse halted his run to study another dust cloud coming his way. Covering his brow from the sun he contemplates a mirage. Until it gets closer.

"Hendrix?" He squints the entire approach until the purple Charger roared by him with a brilliant yellow glow. Leaving him to cough and wave off the dust in its wake. Shaking off his surprise he resumes his run. He gave up trying to understand this world.

Ten miles behind Jack, Sophia too spotted the oncoming car. Like Jack stopping until it zoomed by her. Jaw dropped her only thought was, "Where's the tour bus?"

Another twenty seven miles distant Elle and Gaicazar halted their stride. Greta slipping off of the Roman's back, "That there looks like those horses."

In their immobile astonishment Cameron Scott catches up to them huffing and puffing. Throwing his body into Elle hugging her from behind to catch his second wind. Third even.

"Why are we stopping? I'm good for another ten feet." He rambles wiping sweat from his eyes.

"Might wanna look for yourself." Elle shakes her head with disbelief.

"Look? At wha?" Cam stands tall suddenly, "Tell me I'm seeing things."

"We all see it." Greta responds.

"That's my car. Whoa!" Then, it dawns on him, "I just wished earlier that I had my Charger. There is a God."

Elle leers over at her friend, "Dude! You might be God."

Gaicazar eyes Cam with interest, "Nay. Too puny." Yet, the closer the car got his sword began glowing, "Perhaps I am wrong."

"Stop looking at me like that. Don't nobody dare bow before me."

"Couldn't just wish we were home already? Better yet back in 2019." Elle sneers.

"Come on! No way is this my doing." Cam cringes slightly as the car flies by them in a dust cloud only to turn violently and kick up more dirt. Heading their way they prepare to run when the doors pop open and the purple Charger roars to a halt. Choking and casting away the dust Cam carefully approaches the opened drivers door.

"Nobody's driving."

"You waiting for the radio to play God behind the Wheel?" Elle spouts off racing to the passenger side, "Everybody get in."

Both Cam and Elle pull the front seats down. Greta and Gaicazar awkwardly examine the chariot with doubt. Neither having ever been inside such a thing. Elle finally nudges Greta in forcefully. Antonaeus took his time. Finally, Elle growls, "For crying out loud. I'll sit in the back. You can ride up front. MEN!"

As Elle gets in Gaicazar walked around the car and carefully sat inside. The cushioned seat felt nice beneath him.

"A fine Chariot. Where are the horses?"

"Come on Spartacus!" Cam chuckles, "You were there when we unpacked Hendrix. When Greta started rambling about the horses."

"I know Friend Cameron. I merely jest. Ride on."

Cam jumped inside behind the wheel and the doors slam shut on their own. 

"Seatbelts. It's the---aw hell! Who's going to stop us and give us a ticket. Hold on tight Kids."

The Charger throws dirt and roars Eastward. Cam howled with delight every inch of the way. Elle had to join in. Greta hid her eyes at the blurred scenery. Gaicazar could not stop laughing.

Passing by the nearing Sophia the girl stops to bitch, "Seriously? Should I have shown some leg? Oh, wait. I'm naked. Fuck you Guys." Her run increased. She needed to keep up.

Jack Ramse had reached the last quarter mile when he spotted the Ganthorian ship. All seemed quiet. The cargo containers obstructed his view however of everything. No crops. No activity. No distress noises of cattle. He continued his run eying the T-Rex tracks so he knew where it might be. Reaching the camp he hugs a container and carefully looks around it. Then, came the shock of his life.

"What the fuck?"

The T-Rex had laid down next to the cattle pen. The cows were acting normal. Even Quiver, Greta's horse was grazing peacefully. All around the beast the rabbits continued to nibble at veggies. Without concern. The sight made him ease up on his battle stance. 

Looking up at the Bridge window Jack saw Ruby. Her face at seeing him instantly discovered tears. She was so glad that he had survived. She wanted to race to his side but was afraid too. At her angle she couldn't see the cattle nor the docile T-Rex.

Jack took a huge chance. Showing just how brave he could be. He clapped his hands to get the attention of the T-Rex. The beast lifting its head to peer his direction. All it did was growl faintly. With a non threatening snort of exhaled steam from its nostrils.

"Easy Big Fella. All that battle wear you out?"

He steps cautiously closer. Knowing he could run for safety by the time it could get to its feet. Carefully studying it he notes a strange glow amid its eyes. Almost as if--

"Seth?"

The T-Rex tilts its head with recognition. It then closes its eyes as if a replying that he was indeed once blind. A few moments later it opens its eyes with a bright glow emitted. A very calming glow.

"Adam? Eve?" He questions. Its eyes now flickering off and on as if trying to tell him yes.

Finally, Jack puffs his cheeks, "Seen it all now. Adam. Eve. The Garden of our Eden. Now the serpent." He gets bolder yet and reaches out to touch the mighty beasts leathery hide. Patting it like a pet. The beast merely huffs at ease with his presence.

Taking a huge risk Ruby opens the ramp which extends downward with gravity steps until it touches the dirt. M-16 in hand she steps ever so slowly down until she see's Jack. Her eyes grow wide. She starts to run down the ramp when something stops her. Not the rabbits. Not the dinosaur. An invisible barrier.

Freaked out Ruby whines touching the obstacle, "What's going on?" She feels James ease in behind her. Her pale expression turned to question James of the situation. James in turn touches the same walled barrier.

"Clueless." James cringes, "Do we own a T-Rex now Colonel?"

"Apparently so. He wasn't quite so friendly last night. Long story."
